SOME ODD STORIES. .NTERESTING :TALES OF ADVENTURE , ON SEA AND LAND. Qow a Yoxing Doctor Acqtilrod Wonlth ' Through tho A goncy of tho Ghost of Dad- don's Corners — A Weird Story of tho Supernatural and Mysterious. Copyright, 181®. by American Press' Assocfo- " . '. tlon. ' Nine miles south of tlio town of D , in Ohio, two highways cross ouch other at right angles, mid tho corners thus fortped are known as "Haddon's Corners." Twen ty years ago there was bgt one house there —a half finished old struoturo which John Rnddon had started to build for a tavern, but never finished. Everybody knew tho mjin by sight and name, and yet no ono know whoro ho camo from or anything re garding his "past life. He might Lavo been 45|ycars old, or his age might have been 10 years more. Ho was one of those men who 'reach a certain age and then seem to halt there. Ho. had bought 10 ucres of grouud on tbe southwest corner, put up .tlie.frnmc and inclosed a building large enough to nc- ' , ommgdAto ltiO guests, and then finished off two or tnreq rooms at one end. ' He did no farming, had no accommodations for man 'Arj beast and was nover seen half a 'mile from his housn. . r Huddon Unci been a rcsidont of the Cpr-; nelrs about three years when- . I came to kilow him.',. The woman. who lived with, him ns his \vife wnSkAlso n character. . She. was tali, gaunt, ugly and mysterious. The tvo were never seen outside of the hous». together, whether walking or sitting. Such farmers' wives ns called at 'the house to.be neighborly were refused admittance. Such farmersns dropped in on Haddon tinder.one exfeusc and <another founds him distrustful and exceedingly gruff. It was generally; agreed that he was an Englishman and an old snUor. It , wasn't long before it was gossiped about that be- had been a pirate buid was hiding, from justice. I believe th'nb a detective was employed to investi gijte, but be failed to discover any reason wliy the strange pair .should be ' meddled 'with. The farmers by and by gave up try-.; ing to solve the mystery and let the. Had-; dpns aloue, but their presence was always considered a menace to the peace of the neighborhood. I had come ont from Cincinnati to set up 'as a county physician, and had established jmyself at BlissS'UIe, a hnralet two miles east of the corners. Of cotu'se I sooii heard 'all ahout "the pirate," and of courso I bad i'a curiosity to see the people. IIow the pair lived was auother mystery, though it- foil to mc to solve it after a few weeks. They iWere never knoivn to "purcliase anything at the hnmlet, nor was either one of them, .ever seen going to or coming from the city. 1 discovered, however, that the 'woman visited the town of D occasionally, but always by nighV Had 1 made; this fact public some ono would have followed her, ';bub I snid nothing about it, not caring to make an enemy even where I had no pros ;pect of securing a patient, , v. "TIELLO, FIUENDl WHICH WAV?" I had been practicing medicine for a year or more when I got a call one evening, to a farmhouse two miles west of the Corners. This was in the spring, niid it was iKith dark and rainy when I started to return. As I reached Haddou's he called to me from the front door: "Is that you, .doctor?" "Yes." k i .<- "1 want you to come in." . — 1 was glad of the opportunity to see the. inside of tlio houso'and ' meet tlio strange' couple face to face, though I knew there wasn't a man' in the neighborhood who'd have entered the ' building after dark for all the money in the state. > "Any one sick?" I queried as I followed him into . the living room, which looked more like a barracks than a family room. uNo!" he bluntly replied ns he pointed to n chair and sat down in another. ' "Is.it any of your business who I sm, where 1 1 camo from or how I live?" "Certainly not." : "Have you interested yousolf?" r- " "Not in the slightest." "I've seen you -pass many -times, and 1 thought you had the look of a sensible man. No.one is sick, but .1 wont you to examine this hurt in. my side," . "Why, mani you've been cut with' (i knife and lost much bloodl" I exclaimed as soon as 1 got my fingers on' the rude blindage ho 'had applied. ' 1 ' " " " \- "Yosj it was donornn hour ago, ana l was waiting for. you to return. % Is it :a bad hurt?!f U, b - "A very bad ona .Yon mnst strip olf anq get into bed and Ut me make a "careful ex amination. How did yon get it?" "None of your business!" ' ' "Is there any one here:to assist me? "No! There is hot water on' the 'stove, and hero are plenty: of cloths. What ido. «youthink.ofitP" - "You have been .severely wounded and must have careful nursing.. There is cer tain to bo inflammation and fever. I u like to talk with your' wife." / "There's nobody hero." "But you must liave some one," "Boshl I've bad a'dozen cuts worse than this aud kept on my feet. Leave your medicine and a pitcher of water on tho chair, aud I'll take care of myself. You con call in tho morning, but don't bring anybody with you." "Your lifo may depend on tho care you 'get," 1 protested. "Didn't I say 1 would have, no one around!" ho shouted , in an angry voice. "Do ns I want you to or there's an end of it! I'm nq woman, 'that a cut like this i& 'going to be the end of mo!' Some one with a Btrong band had driven six inches of steel into his right ride, and his chances would not have been even up with the best of "nurses. An ordinary man coultl not have lost the quantity of blood he had and been able to move a foot, and yet I had found him on his feet and walk ing about. He had tho build of a man of Iron, aud in looking. him over 1 found three or' four sears of serious wounds,t. I offered I to find Uim a nurse for tho night at leuBt, but he bade me. becono and call in the morning. I returned next day to find him weak and delirious, and though all was done for him that could have been for any body ho died in throo days. A grave was dug,' and ho was buried on his own land.'- No ono bad tho least idea what bad become of tho woman, and tho authorities took charge until something should turnup. I was present when tho house was searched, and tho effects iuyeutoricd. There, wasn't over $100 worth of stuff about, and the only scrap of writing whs ' llndrlou's deed to tho land. Ifc hnrf always been tho talk that Vtbo pirate" had a hoard of gold, and great was the disappointment that only $5 or SO' ln silver was' discovered. Ho had not told mo bow ho received his wound, but I" believed the woinan gnvo it to him. They had quor . reled/iind nftor stabbing him she had ' fled. . Officers spent several -wcoks looking for her.' but tlioy got no traco. It was the 23d or April wlicu Haddon died. On tho evening of tho 17tli of the following Sopteinber I was scut for by tho same family as before The April visit had boon to sot a farmer's broken arm. This ono wiis to set a broken leg for tbe snmo unfortunate. It was a starlight night as I started for homo qbout 10 o'clock. Tlio .CorncrS Was considered a "pokish"; spot since the; tragedy, and I confess to. bolug a bit. nervous us I drew near. I was abreast of the old house and my horso was on:: n walk, owing to a bad. spot just there, when a figure which I would . swear.hofore Say court to have hcon that of Haddou's rose up from the front steps and' moved down the highway- parallel with mo and not over 10 feet away. My horso shied and pricked up his cars and acted as if con- ; siderably .frightened, but my first idea was that tbe man wua some tainted traveler or wandering.tramp. Under .this supposition ' 1 called outtobim: "Hello, friendl .Wliich way?" He made no answer, and 1 called again. I could make him. out plainly enough, but I could not see that ho even turned his head. Then 1 believed the man to he some one who intended mo evil, and I turned the loaded whip in my hand oa h weapon of de fense. He maintained his position forabout 300 feet. Then we descended a small hill. A creek flowed across the highway hero, running under a stone arch. At the bridge the figure vanished so suddenly that 1 could not tell which way it went. My horse ut tered a snort and - broko into a sharp trot, and it is needless to say that 1 did not seek to cheek hm gait. I frankly admit that I was considerably upset. I regarded the fig ure as that of a live man, find made myself believe that I was mistaken. In thinking it resembled HnddonU I flattered myself that he bad abandoned his plan against me be cause be had seen that I was on my guard. I made no mention of the circumstance to friends, but ono evening n week later, when compelled to pass the Comers, T was aruied with a revolver. The man rose up as before, walked beside mo to the stone arch, and then disappeared like a shadow' On this occasion I did nob speak to him. Other people had passed after dark, but no one had seen tbe 8trange_ man, and I dared not say anything for; fear of being laughed at. It was three weeks bofore I was caught out again after dark, and as I nearcd the Corners 'I put my horse afc 'a sharp trot Tbo man rose up us before, however, and .without seeming to put forth any extra ef fort kept pace with me to tho foot of the bilL 1 reached homo' almost frightened' out of my boots, and but for a happy thought should hnve pulled up stakes nnd left the locality. If jfc wos'not a bring man —and I'.was now certain it wob not — then-It was John Haddon's spook. As no one else had seen it I ipuftt lufor that it had ap poured for iiiy solo benefit. Next day I rode ont to the stone arch and crept under it. After a bit 1 found a loose stone in the masonry, nnd behind it a good sized cavity holding enough gold aud silver to buy half the farms in the county. What did I do with my find? Well, If John, Had dou's legal heir should show up today 1 would turn over to /dm considerably more than I found. I have waited forascoreoi years, hut no one lias appeared. I suppose it was in a quarrel over llie mouey that he was stubbed. Ido not believe tho woman who passed as his wife'wus a woman at all, but a man. They might not have been ex- pirates, but 1 shouldn't wonder If they hod accumulated the big booty In. some other county by crime and come to the States as fugitives from justice. 