Picturesque Desolation. ...... -BY -"-WirRILTJAR." "Written expressly for the Port Standard. Pirie [ALL BJGHT8 RESERVED.} Chapter IV. So the young men talked nf spirits until the novice got quite nervous, and suggested that they should all ramp together in the one roem, and Beemed RO earliest. over it that Tom good:natnredly offered the young anpn the ppare bed in his own room. Bat poor Mr. Roberta could not sleep. Hia nerves and brain were quite upset. He fancied that a hundred r ghosts were peeping at him from all directions. •'•Bleat'if. I can stand this," he ( muttered, Kpr»nglng out and lighting j'lh^'caiidle ; fhen sitting down in a large easy cjiair, he looked well arpiihd him. Tom .was fast asleep. . jle felt .better. with the' candle 1 lit, and tlie chair WJJK k comfortable. -He . dozed orfto 'sleep. Presently a loud unise awoke him . V Lond, :*h^t. wfts (/thaf ?7 fluid, he, Rpiin^ing to bis feet. "*' Isthi» house- hauui^d. or has the devil got hold of the place, or me?" he liinttei'edi irritably. He was lookiiig .suspicionfily about when the noise wan repeated. . It. wn» JTom snoring. Blast you, Tom ; "you needn"t;ntart tvoriyitig a fellow's life out. I rnn't stand that pigdrivings I'll^o and wake Cutchlove and get him to talk.", SJ saying, he -pitted np^the " CJiiidt^ and nought tbe room he tftoikg&t; he had seen Percy enter. He-crossed to the bed, candle in haiid, when," insU-i,d of Percy, he aaw'it Alice:" He was about to beat. a hasty retreat. When she iopened hex 4 'eyes she »tarted, and looked »mryriiied well she might !at «eeirig <&' man half dressed, With a . face white:is> milk, 1 standing over- her ; iwith- a ^candle -in his hund in the imiddle*)f the flight: " A thousand i paTditoa, MiaaMcCabe," he Rtatnmered,:baoking 4iway, I : mistook this fqr. jMr. Gatch love's loom." . .• _ . ia4 in»ba.uUy recognised the young man. " Percy uuJeeping in Tom's rQnm, , ; Alrv Roberjta," 1fOae nuRvryred, quietly. . I, took,,lhat bed, mut-he mine., _ . , ....;.•• '• . . le^t t}iB 4 roojn, closing the door '.softly, and (Aprniug r.oond, stood face to face with Tom,., ^Now'peeing that, he had just left that young man fast asleep it is no Woiicler.h^ took the .figure before him ,f<ir ic^tiost."' ' fte startecl ba^uk almost ' : droppttig'i1ie handle in im fngh't. "Good God," he exetailhed; ' • Whatlakesyoa iptothat room P 1 ; dein{iTided Tom,'siefiily. ' T thought, it wait) Gatclilove's. I'm '"Veiy : sorry," -said the ' poor fellow, fclniost ready to fct*y: ' i u •( iW'hrit do you want With ' Catchlove ?" ••' • " Only tcrtntk. I can't sleep." • dbn't go "walking 1 ' ihto tile • poOnis in each « i way. ' " Comte ar.d -:\ve'll z haVe achat* •='• Your rierves are : unst-rune.- Then turning to his niafe'rV door he ' asked, "" Are you :frightened, Alice?" ' -No, Tom, what is the matter?" " Nothing, only Mr. 'Roberta made A mistake." - -?\So 'help .me never if I have not had a time of it for the past two hoars." . - " you're rT»ot enjoying yourself,", l^nsrhed £Tom- "Things are only middling" with you." "Middling, by gad, «o they are," answered theyoung man. Mr. Kol>e.rta..,thanked Alice next morning for the kind way in- which Bhp, pverlooked his blunder. •' Some ^irls would have kicked up tio end of a row," he said. Percy told Alice at bi-eukfast that a young lady had come from Loudon with whom he would like her to be friendly. " A" friend of yourt, Percy." "No. quite a Ktfariger to mo, or at least. she , was when she came on hoard. She is however, quite a ladv, hat an orphan, and quite' alone, only for kri old nurse of her mother's, •ivith whom slife had come hereto live. She will want a ' friend. T am sorry aunt is away, but if you will call upon her, Alice, I am sure she wonld be pleased. Poor .little' Soul, ahe has gone through a world of trouble." ^CtertiaJnly, I ' will 1 ' call Percy." enswered Alice. • - 1 « What :isi the ;tady'« ^Rtne? Is •Lfe' laiighed'&htf.v; younfcjV and't .!. is ahe pretty," • 44 Yes, she is very young-, I should : iBay about. Seventeen, and pretty, too." ; answered, Percy, .! *'Jf itell me when yorioan itro t will call; for you." ".Say. the day. after it ^-morrow." , Thursday ! . Yep, ,that will do," ." IJQW, her name." , " Oh, didn't! I tell you?" laughed he, V Elsie, or rather, Miss Bloom field." . / Elsie Bloomfleld, that's a pretty .name." . ' CHAPTER VI. •' tep.rs ne'«r atone for words that are Bpoiten, And hop6 never- blodm 'where' sorrow has lain ? .Can Jove; never , mend a ^eart that is broken? . The wild tvindB trhiepei;- "Never again*' Elsie Bloomfield . was the danghter of an English, clergyman, and was left an orphan at the age of eight, ller father's onlyr brother, Richard, j adopted her, and as he was then single, he placed' her at a good school, tonikmp it- h'pfter for her to niix ' "'^ir.li ' n lcr o .vri :<>t~ . live alonp with a governess "in abigf| h nise. He wati the eldrst son, and luid come in for his father's estate— j Bloouitield 'Court, but he never ! l-emamed long at home, being ofa| roving disposition. He had never | intended to marry, hat there came a time when a lady married him. So when Elsie was thirteen nhc was told that her uncle was coming home a marHed man, and she was allowed a week's holidny inconsequence. • Her aunt looked upon the child as an interloper. In short' ithe was jealous of the little orphan. So when twelve months had gone by, and Mrs. Bloomfield pr-eseri'ed her husband with twins, she • declared she, was bothered to- death with minding the babies, and looking ufter the servants, and that Eluio must come hbriie and help her. The fact was she was annoyed that, so much money should be spent an the girl's education, and decided to stop it. "Come home P" cried Mr, Bloomfiold, " Why she is only fourteen, and hei ^dncatirin isn'th.-lf complete." She-was continually finding fault. She could not trust the noise with the children! If • Elsie were only home she was Jhre that "she would he kind to the little dears." *'I don't doubt that, but if the nurse is unkind to the children, get another,'" said her husband. "Oh, they arc all Alike, and I cannot be changing every week," petulantly answered she. " Supposing- you had no Elsie to bring home /ineried he. " If I ha'd not Elsie to keep I would have engaged some superior person to assist me." "1 was Hot aware that you did •keep her," Interrupted her husband. " You keep her, do you not said she. " Certainly," said he. " Then what is yonrs is mine," she •snapped. 4 1 Perhaps that may be. But what is Elsie's is njt yours. I would hav* you know- tfoit, and I would also have you remember that nay niece is a lady,'not-a servant," he answei-ed, angrily. " Nobody wifdies to' make a servant of her, hut it ib no degradation for any lady -to assist in her own home.f 1 ; ; ; ' ! I am tint naying tliftt it is, but I want Elsie to remain at school," he said. " And I want her home;" che snapped. Mr. ftlohinfieid' rose and banged himself <nut of the^ house. Ho h:id no comfort in his home now. His wife~wa8 always complaining, and he could not -use his own will even. : f3o it happened that before. Elsie was "fifteen for peace sake she was brought hbhie. Oii her twelfth birthday her ulr.de hid giveh hei* a pony and car- Tinge. He wished Iter to ride nnd drive well, «n that when she left school she would not be dependent on him for her every pleasure. He pictured her yeki'S ahead driving her •sett and * chripeitin about at her own sweet will. Be ha«l, of course, no thbnght <)f Harrying- then, and settling dow n. So one of the first thingk that Elsiebad to do was to drive the twins with their nurse about. And when Mrs. Bloomfield wished Uvgo out-Elsie had to drive 'heF.' On one occasion when Mr. Bloomfield drove them to the city she went to an at home" with her aunt, and here is part of a conveisa- •tion that passed—- "Oh, my dear," exclaimed Mrs. Weldon, "I have the nicest little bit of g ssip to tell you imaginable." "Indeed!" " Yes, you remember the Harrises ?" Yes, certainly." "They have come home again, to stay, I believe, this time" and from what I-can undei-stand, she is as empty-headed as ever. It appears that ahe met Mrs. Wilmot at a friend's house, who introduced them. The two - ladies met the following Sunday morning, and Mrs. Wilmot spoke to Mrs. Harry, and that, lady was quite indignant. She told her bosom friend, Mrs. Lyon, that she was so upset: and annoyed about it that she could not say her prayers or listen to the sermon for thinkinjr over it.-' i " But why ? Mrs. Wilmot's position is as good as Mrs. Harry's." "Yes; but'she evidently doesn't think so. And you know Mra. Johnstone never called Lpon Mrs. Harry because she didn't like the color, ^Mrs. Hai-ry's hair is-red) bot they met at an " at home" somewhere, and Mrs. Harry remarked that "he never thought Mrs. Johnstone was snch a superior pereoR, on account of her being* so intimate with Mrs. Wilmot. "Oh. dear, dear , 'what an insnlt to Mrs. Wilmot." said Mrs. BloomiSeld. "I wonder what ahe would say if she heard that," . " She did hear it." "What.-did*he eay? Was indignaot^^I expect." S No. She laughed, and Baid, ' Such snobbish remarks SB that would not upset, her peace of mind or her prayers either." " I always thought Mrs. Hnrrv was a lady,'' obsei-ved Mrs. Bloomfield, for whatever faults this lady had, she had at any rate been well brought np. .. . Tea was brought in, and the conversation became general,' but it was allgossip, a-jd Elsie was sick to death of listening to it. Then again the pnor girl was weary with waiting and almost perished while her aunt was'sitting beside a comfortable fire drinking hot tea at times when she had to act a.s coachman, for if. was T^'i^n Wr.- W "TIT ft--*VI w s r V-DII f. houses :Mrs. -Bhxnnfiekl visited. One day an event occnrn?d — and a bitterly cold day it was. Elsie was waiting for her aunt while that.lady WAS interviewing her dressmaker when her uni-le happened to come along and catt-h sijiht of his niece's weary cold l»>oking face. " Dear me Elsie, what are yon doing hei-e such a day as this?"' Waiting for aunt," she answered Weairly. " Well can't you go inside ? where is Thompson ?" "Home 1 suppose." Poor Elsie was feeling miserable and ready to cry. Have yon not something warmer thin that thing to wear." u No uncle, my ' winter cloak I have grown out of. This is my summer jacket, aunt said I had better wear it out as I may be too big for it next year." Mr Ploomfield frowned. His wife was fond of shopping as he had leaHon to know from the many cheques he had to draw, but it seemed that poor Elsie did not come in for much. Turning to a boy near he said, " here lad are you afittid of horses ?" The boy grinned, " not me sir." "Then jump up here and mind this pony for a few minutes. Come along Elsie." They entered the establishment, " show this lady some of your best and warmest jackets please." " Yes sir, this way please iniss,' ? her uncle followed Several kinds were shown and he picked one that took his fancy—a beautiful seal. "Try this Elsie." " Oh uncle, that is just lovely, and it tits like a glove, but it must be a dreadful price." " You like it pet." "Oh yes!" "Then it is yours. Now for some muffs." (To be Continued.) 