lfurols of Blootrioity DISPLAY AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. A SCENE OF BEAUTY. ILLUMINATING THE BUILDINGS. (From the Brisbant Obsetver.) THE moment one begins to write about modern developments of electricity all the adjectives in the dictionary expres sive of astonishment and admiration seem to muster themselves ready for im mediate use. After studying the won ders set forth in the Electrical Building of the World's Columbian Exposition, one finds it a hard task to write calmly and sedately of the mwellous display. To the general observer the infinite variety of the uses to which electricity is put comes as a revelation. To the specialist, theoretical or practical, there is presented an almoBt bewildering aggre gation of the most delicate apparatus and beautiful machinery. It has to be remembered that the exhibition as a whole is itself illustrative of tbe recent advances made by the youngest and greatest of the practical sciences. When the Paris Exposition hung out i too arc lights and arranged 9000 incandescent lamps, the world felt impressed with the marvellous achievement. Chicago puts that effort completely in the shade, liter ally as well as metaphorically, for here there are 5000 arc lights and no fewer than 1 10,000 incandescent lamps. The exquisite loveliness of the night scene when the Court of Honour is lit up with myr'ads of electric lamps, dotting out every line in the beauitful facades of the Agricultural, Machinery, Electricity, and Manufactures Buildings, tracing with lines of fire the Grecian-like peris tyle, with its noble columns and mng nificent surmounting statuary, outlining in the heavens the graceful dome of the Administration Building, the architec tural gem by universal consent of all the World's Fair Palaces, running around the marble balustrades that encircle the gleaming waters of the lagoon, shedding over lake and verdant turf and snow white colonnades alike a soft effulgence that pales the moonlight and is more grateful to the eye than the garish glare of the mid-day sun-this is a scene that words cannot paint. It is moreover a scene that electricity alone renders pos sible. A beautiful accessory is the elec tric fountains, throwing up columns of rainbow-hued water from which break; clouds of spray gleaming now like rubies and a moment hence like emeralds or sapphires. Skimming over the lagoon and darting underneath the bridges are j silently gliding electric launches, which, side by side with the picturesque gon dolas and gaily clad gondoliers, bring the old and the new so vividly together. J Across the field of view, gliding swiftly over the whole range of the Park like so i many ghost lights, sending cones of efful- J gence across the broad bosom of Lake | I Michigan, causing the distant domes and minarets of the Midway Plaisance tem ples and palaces to glisten like carven pillars of snow, penetrating to the silent J prairie a score of miles beyond the roar ing city, are the gigantic search lights, which illustrate yet another triumph of electricity. It is a grand and a glorious spectacle to contemplate with the eye, but a yet more wonderful picture to im - press upon the mind, for so impressed it will afford for long days to come food for meditation on the boundless possibilities of electrical science. ELECTRICITY UP TO DATE. Within the four walls of the building specially devoted to electricity, it is almost needless to Bay, is the largest and most complete display of electrical machinery and appliances the world has ever seen. Indeed, no department of the whole exhibition is so thoroughly up to date as the electrical, for the simple reason that the history of the modern applications of electricity is pretty well compassed by half-a-century of years. To realise the extreme youth of the science, it is merely necessary to look at the dynamos which were shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1876, and are now at Chicago placed side by side with the most recent machines as archatolo gical curiosities. The historical aspects of the display are indeed among its most intensely interesting features. The first telephone, the first phonograph, the first arc lamp, the first electrio motor, are all things of yesterday, but one looks upon them and examines their parts with much the same feelings as one stands within the Pyramids of the Nile and inhales the musty asmosphere impregnated with the dustofmummies5oooyearsold. Let me take myreaders first of all to Ellison's pho nograph pavilion and let them mar* the progress of one brief decade. In an honoured place stands the first phono graph of the great inventor, a marvel lously delicate appliance, but with its tinfoil barrel a crude machine indeed side by side with the dclicately fashioned instrument of to-day, whose waxen cylinder preserves for all time with the most minute fidelity the faintest waves of sound. Now, note a few of the recent applications of the phonograph. First, is its domestic use; a small table with an abundant supply of tubes is the centre from which orchestral and vocal music, recitations, fltc., are supplied to all the household whenever desired. Next is the commercial application, economising labour and time in the offices of merchants, bankers, and other business men ; one exemplification shows tubes radiating from every room to the type-writers desk, at which without the medium of shorthand, letters are tran scribed that have been spoken into the machine at any time and without await ing the attendance of the stenographer. Thirdly, the phonograph is applied to educational purposes; you take your French, German, Italian, or Spanish grammar and lesson book, but you not merely master with the eye the voca bulary, declensions, and rules of syntax, but your teacher, the phonograph, speaks every sentence into your ear, repeats the words again and again with infinite^ pa tience, and so gives you complete facilities for acquiring the most perfect accent of Paris or Berlin, Rome or Madrid. 1 hese are only a few out of scores of applica tions to which the phonograph is to be put in the home, in the office, and in the study. It is within the near future that the disadvantages of deafness will be obviated by the use of the instrument, and it is not too much to say that stand ing in Edison's pavilion at Chicago, we are on the very threshold of numberless wonders from which the curtain will be drawn before the bells ring out the old and ling in the new century. MEDICAL AND SURGICAL USES or ELECTRICITY. The therapeutical applications of elec tricity have come to be so numerous and important that electro-therapeutics may be considered to be a special department of medical and surgical science. Bat teries for the use of physicians, and a vast number of electrical instruments such as exploring needles, electrodes, syringes, &c.;, are displayed. The sub ject is too technical for a general article, but specialists may have the assurance that if they come to Chicago they will find provided for them an exhibition of every known application of electricity to medical treatment. In dentistry, also, there are important developments to be noted. Most important of these is the utilisation of the ordinary current ftoni an incandescent or arc light circuit as the motive power for the delicate _ drills, hammers, &c.;, which form the equipment of every modern dentist's operating room. TELEGRAPHIC WRITING. Beyond the medical section is ex hibited one of the most recent and most marvellous developments of electricity the telautograph or long-distance writing machine. This system is destined to revolutionise telegraphy, for the operator j at one end of the circuit writes the mes-1 sage, and at the other end an automatic pen working in response to the electrical stimulation traces every letter and curve with microscopic fidelity. The problem of facsimile telegraphy is by no means a new one, but its solution by Professor Elisha Gray, the famous American in ventor in the fields of telegraphy and telephony, is a triumph of the past ten months. By the roachinfc he has designed for the purpose the physician may write his prescription in the chemist's shop in another part of the city, the broker may make a contract from his office on the Stock Exchange in hia own facsimile writing that stands as a permanent and exact record of the transaction, the banker can sign his cheque a thousand miles away, and the newspaper artist can instantaneously transmit his picture of the scene of an accident tight from the spot to the engraving-room of his office. This is no mere visionary dream of what may be, for the World's Fair visitor has the chance of seeing the marvellous operations actually performed. OCEAN TELEGRAPHY. Oldfer, but infinitely interesting, is the system of ocean telegraphy, which the Mackay-Bennett Company fully illus trates. The sending and receiving of messages are performed by the identical instruments used for the work and under almost precisely similar conditions, the mere fact of the cable being only a few cCore of yards, instead of a few thousand miles long counting as abso lutely nothing so far as the electricity that performs the service is concerned. Most people hare the idea that cable grams are received by electric flashes of light. But this is not so. The record ing system is really not unlike the prin ciple of the telautograph, for a glass siphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a streartt of ink from a teservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a uniform speed, and the itiky trail so left, many times increased in sire' from the electric coil by a simple mechanical pro cess, is an exact and permanent record of the delicate movement of the coil under the influence of the currents from the cable. The wavy picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the re ceiver can read at a glance. I ONE BOX or CLAUSE'S B41 PiLU is warranted to cur* all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either Bex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel and Pains in the book Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in boxes. 4s 6d each, l>/ all chemists and patent Medi, oiue Vendors throughout the world. Proprie tors : Tiie LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES D&uu; COMPANY, Lincoln, England. KBATINa's O0UUH JjOZENGKS 0UI8 OoUlJUl, Asthma, Bronohitis. Medical teitimony stales that no other medicine i« «o effectual in the o«e of these dnngerous maladies. One Losenge alone gives ease, one or two at bedtime onsures rest. Kor relieving difficulty of breathing they are in valuable. They contain no opium nor any violent drug. Sold by all OhewUti, in tini, Is, ljil and 2i t)J each. 