THE PERMANENT BILL. TO THE EDITOR, SBB.—I think you will aeree with me that a moat important point was omitted from the article in your last issue which dealt with the coming proposals of the Irrigatiou directors rc the |ierman«ut bill to lie brought before Parliament this session. The point I refer to is, will the Irrigation directors give the resident settlers sufficient and necessary time to make themselves thoroughly conversant with every clause and proposal ? or will they give the statutory notice of 14 days to call a meeting to consider such proposals, and expect or force the meeting to vote Aye or Noe to them ? ... There is no .doubt hut that the Ghafieys will take good care that all the absentees and proxy voters whom they lead by the nose are made to see as they (the Chaffcys) do ; and I think it ouly just and f tir that every resident settler should have a complete copy of the proposals and bill in their hands at least 21 days before the meeting. As far as I can sue, the old ghost of the Contract of £1 per acre is to be trotted out again, and the £1 per acre is to be made the maximum rate for water; while it was conclusively shown, in an exhaustive article published by you on Marci. 25th last, that (all the works being carried out as they should be by the CliaSeys under the In<Icuturc) the minimum charge should be 7s 6d per acre. Therefore the fixing of £1 per acre as the maximum would be a great imposition : and, from what I know of the resident settlers' views, will never be agreed to. Taking the minimum at 7s 6d per acre, l*2s 6d should be the maximum, and leave a fairly large margin to meet all possible contingencies. Rumour has it that Mr. Geo. ChafFey is on the point of starting for England, to try and raise a heavy loan ; and, providing the concessions yet to be made by the Chaffey Co. are accepted by the resident settlers as just and satisfactory, every man in the settlement will, there is no doubt, do his bsst to assist him in bringing his mission to a satisfactory conclusion. But he must not leave the settlement with the idea that financial circles in the old country arc ignorant of the wrongs unler which the resident settlers are groaning. They have been made aware for some length of time, by means of *heir agents and correspondence with the heads of financial newspaper*, of what they now rccoguise as the just claims of the SEttlers who reside here; and nntil Mr. G. Cnaffey, or any other agent of the company, can prove beyond a doubt to the satisfaction of the home financiers that those claims arc fully satisfied, it will be money wasted for him to visit them with the intention oi getting a loan through. If the £1 maximum, with some other items I have heard of, are to be insisted on by the Chaffey Cempaay, then the permanent Bill will not pass ; and the bc3t the settlers can then do will be to go for a renewal of the temporary bill for 1SS4. But I sincerely hope that the Chaffey Company have at last come to their senses : and that, instead of fighting thc-scttlers (which can only end as in the case of the Kilkenny cats), will work heart and soul with them to attain the bright future that is undoubtedly iu store for Mildura.—Yours, etc., HOPEFUL. 