A BIT OF WAR' ROMANCE. "I'm a Mason," said the man of soldierly bearing, when the drummer bad finished a yarn, "and am also a soldier, or was in the late war oetween the statei. I was a general of brigade in the union army, and saw some of the romance as well as the reality of war." "There was more reality than romance about it, wasn't there 1" queried the drum mer. " Rather," smiled the soldier, "but it made the romance only the more delightful. I remember on one occasion when we were down in Georgia. where most of the office seekers come from now. I was out one morning with a couple of orderlies, riding along a hillside road, which just ahead of us met another coming up from the valtey. As we rode s!owly along 1 heard the round of a horse's beerofs on the road below and the clanking of a sabre. None ef the enemy in force was anrwhere near that locality. and 1 felt sure that some stray confed was riding that way, and we went ahead till we could command a view of the road below, and in a minute a confederate officer in a brand new uniform, bright trappings and a tine sword came by on a beautiful horse. He was a handsome fellow, and all unconscious ci ;t. riancer, was whistling a merry air. t : coure. we must capture him, but how rto do it was a queEtion at first, hut we -csr on s.tlrd n a quiet little ambuscade, and rn fire n:rbets more we had him covered and he threw up his hands. A more crertiallen prisoner I never saw than that young fellow, and I felt sorry for him, but I could do nothing but take him along. We hadn't gone far until he got reat to me, with both orderliku ir'ing some yards in advance. and he cave me . sign. I recognised it on the Frot." "'We are MlaEons,' he said.'and I want to tell you my story. I know I've got no business ovor here. practically in your lines, but I'm not on a mission of war, but one of love and peace You see how I'm tricked oct in all the best I've got'-and he smiled corrcien=:v and blushed-" and I rexpected to he married this afternoon. The girl is waiting for me now, and don't you think it is pretty hard on her for me to be in this fixEs I had no idea your trops were so near or 1 should have slipped in in the night and get out again, bht it's too late to talk about that now. You've got me, tand her heart will te breaking while I am shut up in some priso-. and it won't be much =satisfacti-n to you, will it 2' " Br George !" went on the general, with moistened eyes, "it stirred the blood within me as I listened to that good-locking fellow ard thought of the dear girl waiting for bhim. Hold on a minute,' said I, 'there's a turn in the read yonder, and when the orderlies get out of sight if you are willing Sto take a risk. surpoee Yon take it. "He shook my hand silently, and the tears and smiles came tocether. As the orderlies turned the bend the young man turned hi horse and started back down the road on a dead run. I care him a good start and then I banged away at him with my revolver and went after him, hut I took the wrong road at the forks, and my orderlies came after me as fast as they could. I guess we must have chased back along that road for two miles or more, but we di'dn't find that confounded rascal any. where, and the orderlies never suspected that I had anything to do with letting him get away. At least, they never mentioned it in my bearing." and the general smiled. ".rat became of him at last f" asked the drummer. " About four months after that I was holding a town in T ennssee," continued the general. "and in that town was the rankest old Ere-eater I ever saw. He was a courtly old chap, but bitterer than gall, and utterlr beyond reconstruction. He wouldn't speak to a bluecoat, and there were times uhen it was almost necessary to put him under guard for his own a'fety. He was teo old to be cangeroas. but occa sionally he talked. so we had to threaten him. One dar I was almost startled out of my wits by hi0 cnming into my head. quarters. He was white with suppressed feeling. but he managed to tell me that there was a nlady at his house. a very near and dear relative, his only daughter, in fact, who wantrd to see me that evening at I o'clock. He had been very loath to Scome toa Yankee, he said, but she insisted, Sso that he was compelled to do it, and then \- he bowed and went out like an old king with his crowl cone. There was no en. planation and I told the provost marshal about it and s..d I was going up myself to Ssee what it mens. He was sure there was a trap laid for me and did not want me to go at all, but I told him southern hoe Pitality did not betray people and I would go. I went. and as I passed through the Pate and grounds to the fine old mansion, I saw the shadowvy form of my bluecoats all about as silent as ghosts. It was plain the provost marshal was ready to settle matters if anything happened to me. How. ever. I never let on, but went in and the old man met me at the door, grimly directed me into the large, old-fashioned parlor and stamped ci down the great hall. I went in and a veer beautiful young woman of 22. I should say, met me hnlf-way across the room. " You are Gen. -:" she said qoustion ingly. " I boweds. "'And mroy I inquire why I have been asked here ? I satd. without taking the chair wbich sie gr-cAihiy passed me. Ton tee I was half uneasy and didn't know what might l iae *. "She smiled. "'I onderstand,' she said, and stood before me. "Then she toll me of the yonag officer I had petmitted to escape. "'But what has that to do with this visit I' I asked, for somehow I didn't catch on. "'I am his wife,' she replied, blnshing, "and he told me if ever is were possible to see you I must do so and tell you for both of us how grateful we are for yoer kind ness.' " Then I began to grasp the situation. ano I almost fell into the chair she had offered me, and as she talked to me I never aas so glad of anything in my life as that I was a Mason and he was. unless it was that I had had the opportunity of doing a favor for so charming a woman. " For half an hour she tilked to me and then she called in her father, much against his will, but as she told him the who'e story and her pretty eyes sparkled and her cheeks reddened, his tine old face grew softer and softer until at last the tears came, and as she finished he rose, and iom ing over to me took both my hands in his, and after shaking them silently he said: 'Bless me, sir, there isn't a southern gentle man in all this sunny land who shouldn't be proud to be such a Yankee as you are.' "I thanked him cordially for that, and later on we had scnrethlno to drink, and thereafter the old gentleman wasn't the same kind of a man any more. "A week sao," conelcded the general, "I visited that scupie. lirvn row beaatifflly in Atolanta, with four bright and happy children about them, all growr', and one of the inoet young men you ever saw anywhere bearing my name. " Is Miss Iripp a girl of meana?" P'hipps -" Yes, hut whst, I am trying to discover is whether it is yes o: no she means." " Do you ever hare spring chickena at your boarding-houe f" " Yes, but they seem to be a kind of woren-wire springs." She-" A poor painter I Why, he asys that he is wedded to his artsee Be-"Per baps that is the reason, then, that he dares treat her so badly." The man who Eat Out on the wood pile and told funny stories, expscting the wood would split, evidently did not strike a " responsive chord." Extract ftcm Irve Letter.'-" Shcutd iou fail to reciprocate my sitr tion, then please to return this lotter, in or'er that I may use it on another cccasion." " It seems to me," said the Ccnrrasman, "that a law is like a colt. Somebody has to break it before you can find out whether it is of any good or not." Miss Eurgles-"I sce that Patti is to male another farewell tour. I wonder wlr.t she will sieg]" Mie. Argles-"Otlenbach J ; essmr i". ret:-l Ti at boy of mine is a regular pitus mers. l;stchelor (wesrily)-'Ir. wiat was ?' l'ogelr-- zx Jears old and r.cs',r tat a bright thing in his life." lIe--Ire lotrrtt ysur a Jet nonkey to tre'' you, darlieg." Pre-"Oh. how kind Cf 3U I Now I shsr.'t miss you when you're away."' 