THE MYSTERY OF TH E TOWER. A TALE OF THRILLING I'EiTERMT, BY HELEN CORWIN PIEBCE, Authoress of 'Lovely Nell," " A Battle for Love.'"" Doubly Doomed," "A Little Siren," "Barada's.Fate," "Lasea the Beautiful," " Two Fortunes," " Strangely Severed, &c.; CHAPTER X. RUELLEN'S CURSE. "Your mother is a very rich woman, is she not!" Doctor Varle said to his com panion as they moved down the hall. " Rich enough; but it don't do me much good," Jasper answered, sourly. "Has she made her will ?" "I don't know. If she has, it is all left to Ken. She is not fond enough of me to leave me anything." " But you are Ken. If she di's without i will, it comes to you naturally, and if she leaves it to him,you get it So all you have to do is to see she don't leave it to anyone else. Is there any outsider she is likely to will it to ?" " Not'that I know of." "Alriight. Now. you take me to my palient, and then go back and square things up with your mother. You must talk her over. Evidently she distrusts me. She suspects that I am here for no good. - You must banish that mistrust and suspicion from her mind It must be done if you want to succeed in all you have plannid. You can't get along without the old lady, my friend." Jasper must have followed this sage advice, and succeeded in "talking his mother over." Some two or three minutes later Madam Ruel appeared in her daughter-in- law's apartments .She:had made an elegant toilet. She was calm, serene, almost like herself. She had come, she told Sibyl, with an affable air, to tell her who Doctor Varle was, and why he had come to Ruellen why she had been'so agitated at seeing him. "He is an old friend of my father's family, and one to whom we are under many obligations," she said. " You gave him a strange reception for an old friend," Sibyl interposed, lifting large, contemptuous eyes to madam's face. SHe is a great student," madam went on, without noticing the interruption, "and knowing how quietly we live, besides want ing to pay us a visit, he has asked permis sion to bring his books and occupy a room in the tower for awhile." Sibyl started violently at mention of the tower, and a deadly pallor swept over tfe beautiful face. "I told him the tower was said to be haunted, but of course he would not care for anything of that sort," madam went on, smiling. "Then Doctor Varle is to occupy a room in the tower ?" Sibyl asked breathlessly. Madain Ruel looked at her keenly for a moment. "Yes," she answered, slowly, watch ing Sibyl; "the servants are now pre paring him a sitting-room and bed-room on this floor. Of course, all those rooms have been shut up so long they are in a sad condition with dust, mould, and cob webs, but the doctor will not listen to a word of delay. He has got some wonder ful book he is writing nearly done, and wants to -get at it at once and fit ish it. So we are trying to get his rooms ready for him to take possession of them to night." - " Which room- arm- .yon preparing: for me5" Siby3 task.ed,, rising . and facing madamtexcitedly as she was about to go. " You, dear child ?" madam exclaimed. "What a question I Do you want one of those dreadful tower rooms, too P" Sibyl looked -.at her steadily a moment. Ter lips were white, but they did not tremble a particle, and there was no falter ing in the sweet voice as she said: " Do -you think you can impose on me, madamwith your absurd story of studying and writing a book ? Do you imagine for one moment that I do not know what Doctor Varle is here for as well as you do ?" Madam Ruel smiled a little. - She could afford to. Had notlJasper, in obedience to his pale familiar's suggestion;succeeded in infusing her sick and aching heart with something like hope ? She smiled faintly, ther- fore, under that influence.- But the hope was destined to be almost as transient as the smile was faint and fleeting. "I have t?ld you what he is here for. If you do not believe me, I cannot help it," she said.-: Then she opened the door, and v aiting for no more, went out of the room. Sibyl turned to. Miss Garr, and caught her hands. : " Oh, that awful tower, Prudence!" she cried, in wild excitement. "Do you know they say no one ever occupies thoze rooms without a tragedy following ? Shall I tell you what tragedy is coming now? They are going to shut me up there with that horrible doctor to watch me and pretend 1 am mad till I go mad really or die with terror of him." She clung to Miss Garr with cold and trembling hands. The sweet, white face was drenched in tears; " Prudence, stay with me, hold me fast! Don't let them separate us, will you ?" said she. She laid her lovely heard on Prudence's shoulder, and sobbed hysterically. Miss Garr soothed her with cheerful and loving words. She held her fast in her true, strong arms. She promised never to leave her. - - Suddenly Sibyl stood lip, drying her eyes and laughing aloud, mockingly. " I am not afraid!" she said. "I will not let them make me afraid! Come, let us go and see my future prison, and if that death's head doctor is there, I will look in his hateful face. and smile defiance at him." In.c ', Miss Garr would have persuaded her to remain in ?her. own room, but it was use less. I . . - As they-went along, Sibyl said': : " There are a great many queer stories of this place they:call the tower. They call it the curse, and:somne people believe it cannot-be destroyed. - It was built by a Frenchman, who murdered his wife in one of the rooms; and then -hung himself. -It is a great many years older than the main building, and they say the mansion itself has been several times destroyed by fire, but the tower' escaped, or: was somehow saved, each time. It is built entirely of mahogany logs, brought from a great dis tance and at immense expense. "There is a-woniderful carved door lead ing into it, covered with. scroll work, birds, flowers, aind all sorts of fantastic figures done exquisitely, and they say that any one who has the patience can trace out p. lainly among all those fine lines and that queer carving the words ' luellen's Curse.' Ah, here 'we are!" she concluded, as they came in -ight of a short, wide passage with a high; large arched door at each ex tremity. - These doors were open, and servants were hurrying to and fro through the passage. As they passed on, Miss Garr noticed that the inner door at the further ex tremity of the short corridor was covered with an elaborate carving. They found themselves in a large square room, with a fine, tall double window looking toward the garden, from before -which a man was at this moment cutting away the large masses of ivy which had .overgrown it. Sibyl shot a swift glance around the Troom, almost expecting to see somewhere .the pale-visaged doctor of whom she had .such a horror; But he was not there. Beside 9ie"lopen. window, watching the o n r ' . , '. ., ' ¾,- "-" . .. rai *a . r : ... . - -. ' - ... ' .-., man cut the ivy, stood the girl who called herself Lucy Venner to everybody here but Jasper Prince. She turned at Sibyl's and Miss Garr's entrance and fixed her lustrous, jewel-like eyes on the beautiful, dark face of the former with a strange expression. Sibyl looked back at her like one fas cinated. She recognised the girl who had brought the telegram to the impostor the night before. It was not a face to forget easily. She felt a sort of gratitude toward her for being the means, even indirectly as 'she supposed, of removing that hateful'pre sence from her room, and she smiled at her. The girl only returned a cold, almost insolent stare. Suddenly Sibyl turned to Miss Garr, clutching her arm with violence, her face like ashes. "" Hark ! What was that ?" she breathed, hoarsely, her burning gaze fastened on a distant door. At that very moment, the door, as if blown by a strong gust of wind, flew open, and everyone in the room heard a dread ful, wild, agonising cry that seemed to sweep through the aperture as if from some upper region. "Lily! Lily ! Lily!" came with awful, horrible distinctness. Prudence threw both arms around Sibyl. whose looks frightened her. " Let me go I - It-is the name he always called me by ! He Is here-he is here !" Sibyl cried, huskily. CHAPTER XI. THE STORE-R00M. Through the open door ran Sibyl. SMy darlings my darling! my darling!" she kept screaming. Beyond the door, she found herself in a handsome octagon-shaped hall, originally lighted by a sky-light of stained glass. This was now covered with the thick ivy which had grovn over the whole of the tower, and the hall would have been en tirely dark but for the light of the room behind her. A pretty winding stairway, with gilded rails and velvet carpet, sprung airily away upward. Trembling in every limb, so that she could scarcely keep from falling, Sibyl began in desperate haste to mount the stairs. Stumbling at every step in her excite ment, she at last reached the first landing, and came suddenly face to face with Jasper Prince just emerging from a room, the door of which he shut quickly as he saw her, and stood leaning against the paneled wall with choking breath. " She heard him ! Good heavens, what shall we do now ?" he muttered, hoarsely. He had taken the bandage from his head again, and without it he looked, in the half gloom, more like his hapless brother than ever. For the third and last time that marvel lous and startling likeness deceived the u,ihappy and desperately wronged young wife. But only for the fragment of a second. " Kenrick !" she screamed, and fell back, shuddering from head to foot with a sick horror that was like death. "You ?" she ejaculated, faintly. "Oh, God-oh, heaven! must it be always you ?" The scorn on the beautiful face, th, light of contempt in the lovely eyes, were plain to see even in that dim place. "He is here somewhere," Sibyl mur mured to herself, but aloud. Then, in a raised voice, she called: " Kenrick ! Kenrick!" An instant's breathless silence followed. Jasper's tongue clove to the roof sof his mouth. He tried to speak, to make a noise, to droawn any reply that might come to that piteous call.. ?uu the words stuck in' his throat, and hie _limbs ,-efused t. move. - Then both heard some slight sounds. To Sibyl's excited fancy, it seemed as if someone or something was moving in the room behind the impostor-the room she had just seen him come out of and shut the door with an air of haste and trepida tion. " I believe he is in there," she said, fix ing a bright, level gaze on Jasper's chang ing face. "Stand aside, and let me see what is in that room behind you." Miss Garr had followed Sibyl from the resm below. She stood very near. The servants who were preparing the chamber for Doctor Varle had come to the door of the octagon hall, and were listening eagerly. " My dearest," Jasper said, in entreating tones, for the benefit of the listeners, ?' I will show you the room, certainly; .there is nothing in it but old furniture. But do not speak so loud, I beg of you.. The ser vants will think you are crazy to be going on this way, calling me in that high tra gedy voice, when I am right here with you." "Open that door !" was all the answer she made. He'turned and slowly opened it. Sibyl and Miss Garr pressed forward. Jasper lightel some matches and showed them that the room contained nothing but old furniture. It seemed a' mere storage place for decrepit tables, chairs, invalided ward robes and bureaus, cra~ked miirrors, pic ture frames, and all such odds and ends as accumulate in large houses. It was crammed with these, even to the ceiling, and so near the door as to barely leave room to open it. " Are you satisfied ?": Jasper asked, in a sneering voice.. "Will you allew me to close the door ?" The two ladies drew back. Jasper shut the door. Sibyl-was quite calm by this time. She had conquered the fierce agitation that had seized her at sound of the voice she believed to have been her husbaid's; .: She turned to MIiss Garr. "Did yos hear someone.call Lily three tiines ,jsst now as the -door flew open and. I ran out f" "I 'did," Miss Garr answered. '",Every body inithe house heardit, I guess." . '" Did it sound like this man's voice 2*' " Not in the least." "Nevertheless, it wasmine," Jasper said. coblly. ,"I did not know, dsrling, that you were anywhere ?rear. But I was thinkiing about you very intently, and feeling very unhappy over your treatment of me, the sitrange hallncination "which has taken such complete possession of youoconcerning me. In my distress of mind I uttered your name -=the old pet name I used to call you by when we were so happy." y. b "Liar 1" Sibyl breathed throuighher tight shut teeth " It was not you. That was my husband.who called me,'whether in the body or not, you know best. Perhaps you have murdered him. Certainly you could never haveobtained.that ring of his which you are wearing by any:fair means l" 'A curious, ashy whiteness went suddenly over the impostor's face like a flash. His black 6yes glowed like dull coals. All at once there came again, from some where near, that s3und which had startled Sibyl before--s sound as of some violent movemnent-someone struggling, perhaps. -" D"3 you hear that 1" she hissed in an ex cited whisper to Prudence. SThen: "Kenrick I Kenrick ! Oh, Kenrick I Ken rick 1" she shrieke-. For perhaps a second of time the impostor stood as if stunned, but with an awful look of ming:ed fear and rage on his dark, asby face. Then seizing Sibyl violently by the arm, he tried to pull her toward the stairs, but by a swift, deft movement she released herself and faced him with glittering eyes. " H w dare you touch me l" she cried. " I'll touch you to some purpose if you don't stop screeching like that!'* he said. " I becin to think as my mother says, that the best place for you is where they put other lunatics and know how to take care of them " "Thanks," returned Sibyl. icily. She moved a few steps toward a second stairway leading upward. **.. '.. " Where are you going now 7" he do manded. " i am going to see what is in those upper chambers." He scowled'at her angrily. " There is nothing up. there but dust and dirt. I don't suppose anyone has been in side them for years; The servants never go near them, and would not -for any money. They are so afraid of ghosts." " I wish-to seethem." Slie stood some moments gpwering at her and thinking it over. " "Very well," he said at last, in a sullen voice-"you shall see them. Yout would stand there a week, I've no doubt, sooner than not get your own way. I will show you the rooms, but we must have a light The ivy has grown over all the windows till it is as dark as pitch up there. Come down in the lower room and wait till t can get alamp:'.. '. . . ' "We will wait here," said Sibyl. "No, you won't. You'll do as I say, or you won't see the rooms at all!" he de clared, fiercely. "Do as he says, dear. What does it matter?" whispered ]Miss Garr. Sibyl yielded reluctantly. Something some voice within her seemed to rise up and say, "Don't go." Yet she went. Jasper quietly locked the door. of the store-room before going with them, and Sibyl noticed that he did so.with a vague feeling of uneasiness. The listeners in the lower hall scattered at their approach. Jasper sent one of them after a lamp, and Sibyl and Miss Garr sat down on a velvet sofa while they waited. .he impostor, at an almo-t imperceptible signal from the girl his mother called Lucy Venner, went over to the window, where she was by herself now, the man who had been cutting the ivy having finished his job and gone. There was a faint, sarcastic gleam in the lovely greenish-grey eyes as she glaned carelessly at the others in the rmom, and then turning her back upon them, leaned slightly from the window. " Don't fool worth a cent, does she ?" she said, with a soft sneer. Jasper muttered something not for ears polite to hear. The girl laughed wickedly. "See, here, Belle," he said, speaking low, "I will put this key on the window sill-so-and you must take it without those others seeing you. Go out from here and slip up from the floor under this to that room, and tell my mother the situa tion. He must be kept quiet; there must be no noise whatever-not a sound either by voice or movement. She knows how to quiet him and I want her to do it. Con founded nuisance his getting so lively all at once." Belle took the key and glided away on her errand. The servants who were passing about, attending to the room, stole furtive and curious glances, at Sibyl Prince and Miss Garr. Both ladies looked pale and excited. "Everybody in this room must have heard that voice calling me," Sibyl said, in a low tone. " Do you suppose they all thought it was that wretch yonder speak in ?" . They all looked startletartled; some of them seemed frightened. Some one cried 'Ghost I' as you ran out of the room. Then another said;laughing, it was only lir Prince call ing you." Belle was not long absent. As she re entered the room there was a white, Ex cited look on the vivid and startingly lovely face which it had'not worn before. The servant who had gone for the lamp was just bringing it. Belle went up to Jasper Prince. " He will be kept quiet," she said, in a low voice. "Now, listen to me. . want you to tell me to take that lamp and go with fair Osbyl on her exploring epodi "You P" he exclaimed; angrily. " What for ? You want to make mischief." 'f You do' as 'I' say, or I will make mischief right now," she said, coldly; and he had to obey. " He is going to send that queer girl with us, instead of coming himself," Sibyl said, low, to Prudence Garr.: "I don't like her, but any one is better than him." " Don't let them stay any longer than you can possibly help, Belle," Jasper was saying; in an undertone, "or I am afraid there will be the devil to pay. I doh't more than half trust' my. mother in this business." Belle gave a little, mockinglaugh. "lHe must be a very queer devil if he won't trust such a good customer as you;' she said. - '" This girl will show you the haunted rooms, Sibyl, if you are still bent on seeing them,":the impostor said; Belle advanced smilingly, and led the way with that. light, gliding step peculiar to her. I As she stoodat the first:landing, vaiting for them, lamp in hand, the, darkness.be hind her, th'e glittering brightness-of her hair, the greenish lustre of her straringe yet lovely eyes, the wonderful waxy whiteneds of her perfect face, came out with startling distinctness. " The picture 'would have been itlioutn a flaw, but for.the faint, sneering smile that curved the soft, red lips. ', ' Sibyli shrank a little closer to her coim panion. : " I don't like her," -she whisLiered again to Miss 'Garr. "And she don't likeoyou," Belle'said, coolly. :Oh, I 'have -good" ears 'Mis Prince,"' as Sibyl looked at her in haughtyj surprise. : : At the stairs Sibyl paiised,.eyeing the beautiful, mocking creature searchingly. 7 Who are you P she asked, coldly and sternly. , "I am madam's new.maid," :Belloeii swered, with demurely 'lowered 'eyelids. and dropping a mocking servant-igirl cboir tesyl: " Name of Lucy Venner." ::. Sibyl drew a sharp, startled breath:-. "Ah," she uttered. "You are in tihe plot too That is why he sent you with the lamp, I wonder what else you are, MiEs LueyVenner' ?" "Just been sworn in as assistit police detective," Belle answered, flippantly, lift ing her beautiful, hold 'eyes to the sweet dark face of the woman to irwhose pe~rsec tor?s'she had dehlberately joiinad:herseilf. CHAPTE?RIXII. : ... : : . xnor srra:.aor Y !" . As the two lovely: women stood gazrig into each other's eyes, there came a curious pause.. "She is one of them ! She is with them! She knows all about it l" Sibyl was saying to herself, while an emotion of keen shame tore at the heart of the other. Jasper Prince had followed to the foot of the stairs, and stood listening. At this moment he coughed slightly. Belle heard him. The beautiful, still infatuated woman had been told that he expected to get a large sum of money out of this "affair with Sibyl Prince," and that when he had got it he would take her and go clear away out of the country, and begin a new life in some other land. She was feol enough, in spite of her natural cleverness, to believe him once more, and she had promised to help him. So, as she saw the handsome, evil face peering round the curving stairs at her, she lcast off all compunction for the cruel part she was playing, and moving lightly up the next flight, called airily to the others : "Now then, ladies, if you want to see the haunted rooms, follow me." Without a word, Sibyl and Miss Garr moved after her. As they went by the door of the store room, Sibyl's dark eyes lingered on it with a stiange fascination. " If there is such a thing as a haunted room," she said to Prudence, "that is one. ' Belli stopped and looked at her very curiously. Then bursting into a still more curions laugh she went on quickly, and as ui , they? hurried after her, they found her un locking a door on the next floor, which she threi open with a flourish, , "Enter !" she cried, gaily. "Behold the ghost !" It was a large, square room, much like the one being prepared for DoctorVarle.' Suminpuously furnished once perhaps, but everything was so covered with dust and cobwvebs'now, that what wasbeneath could not much more than be guessed at." ' aMiss'.Venner ran into the room, 'and, like a freakish child, pretended to look under the massive high-post bedstead which occupied the centre of the apart ment, arid on top of the gold-fringedcanopy of velvet. She pulled open closets and 'wardrobes, and lboked behind dressing-case and sofa with elaborate zeal. S-Sibyl watched her thoughtfully. '.'That girl is- playing a: part," she said to herself. : " She is actinug nitlhis ridicu bus manner to cover her real feelingsd'. I believe she knows all about Ken, and could tell me this moment whoee he is, if she chose." At the thought, her heart seemed to leap into her throat; her sweet lips began to tremble; her eyes filled with tears. 'She went toward the girl. Miss Venner ceased from a fantastic at empt to look up the chimney, at her approach. Shd shrank visibly before the white agony imprinted on that beautiful face. : Her eyes fell to the dusty floor; she bit her red lip fiercely, and seemed'to struggle desperately with some inward agitation. Sibyl touched her with a shaking hand. "Tell me," she enutreate, in the low, re pressed tones of a terrible anigiish--" oh, tell mie what has become of 'my husband ! You can, I am sure. And you don't look as though you had a cruel heart." There was the faint sound of a cough not so very far away. Lucy Venner started slightly, and threw up her red-gold head. " Don't I?" she said, with a hard, inso lent air.. "Then my looks belie me. I have a heart of flint, I assure you, Mrs Prince." Then, with a sudden change of tone: "Don't you think you are silly now ask ing me where your husbaud is, when you know Is well as I do that he is down in Doctor Varle's room waiting for you ?" Sibyl drew back. She leaned her hand heavily on Prudence Garr's shoulder, and that faithful friend slipped a strong, sup porting arm about the trembling figure. " What do you do it for ?" Sibyl said to Miss Venner. " You are in league ,with Madam Ruel and that infamous wretch she calls her son. You are working for them. You 'do not look-like a girl who would do a wicked and cruel deed for money but if that is it, I can give you as much perhaps as they." "' How much ?" Lucy Venner asked, with a pertly serious air. " I have thirty thousand dollars of my own. I will give you'every penny of it if you will tell me where my husband is." " I don't:think thirty thousand dollars is much," "Miss,. Venner said, .airily. "Didn't I har soindthing about ar will that gave you everything-all his great for tune ? ! Will you give me that, too " ' - Sibyl shuddered violently at the dread ful implication. Her very lips were white. "You are a wicked, heartless girl," she said, in a low voice. LucyVenner laughed aloud. - '" She is an insolent hussy," Miss Garr said, with indignant wrath, her bright eyes sparkling., "%I woild inot: talk to her, my dear. Do you want to see any more rooms ?" ' "There are two floors above this,"i Miss Veianersaid, pretending to laugh violently at Miss Garr. " We might find something tip there, and then we have not looked in the basement, either. Wouldyou like to? \Ve' day as'well dothe thing thoroughly while we are about it: You will be sorry ifysou don't;-. I.m saro.'--. greenish grey eyes luminous and mocking. Prudencedwas .boiling.over, but she had the- good sense to see that words were wasted breath here. " The very .spirit: of diablerie possessed Lucy Venner.. Even Sibyl was not more'wretched than she, her heart wrung with a torture of doubts and fears, the'thought of which she tried to drown .by rattling on in this absurd fashion. They went to the other two floors above this, but the rooms were only a reproduc tion of the ones they had seen, and: they gave it up. As they returned-past the store-room, Sibyl put her hand on the door. >- It was locked. S"Mr Prince has the key," Lucy Venner explained, volubly. :." They have. been getting some things out of here for Doctor Varle's room.' Jasper: Prince watched the departure of Miss Gar[ and Sibyl froin the tower with the keenest sensation of relief he had known for a long time. t: ,'1 was a very narrow, escape,"' he mut tered.: "The whole business came mighty near smashing."" It 1 must have been that-wretch I heard, after all," Sibyl said, drearily, to Miss Garr. "He seems equal to anything." rBy nightfall DoctorVarle's place ,was rady: for him, and Madam Ruel and Jas per had seen him' comfortably installed therein. .. The spectral-faced physician spared no pains to make himself agreeable to'thefair and proud old lady, and to remove from hermind the hateful impressions whichlhe could see his coming had made. ' B But he did not succeed very well. Madanm wore a pale, distressed and i=orried air, in spite of all his efforts. She insisted on Jasper accompanyingher when?ishe retired to her own apartment, anrd hewent most reluctantly, muttering to himself that he supposed. he was in for another "jaw" :'bI want td talk to you lone," she said, as thi-y~weit along. ,Well, I don't want to talk to you," he thought, .'but.I expect.I shall have to stanid iti" ,.Well nodi, what it.it '; he asked, dis agreeably, ?as his mother shut the door. M Aadamin facedaround upon him excitedly. "i:.doti't like that miian,'" she said. "If I'had.seen hiin before you blrought him here, he should never have come." . ':Why not PF Jasper asked, shrugging lii`siboulderesand lifting.his dark eyebrows in a way that was particularly offensive to his mother. '-?c?ausse he is hateful-he is awful 1 i should die'or co mail myself if I had to be ahbit'liiwith him all the time." "Iell, really,' sneeredJasper. "I should think you might be a little off your base al ready to go on in.this way. I don't see any tilng awful or hateful about poor old Varle. though I don't call him a beauty by an? means." "He looks wicked, Jasper. He looks asif there was no evil deed that he would hesi tate at." " .Well, you needn't call me by that name if heidoes," her son said, savagely. "It it all ournervousness and imagination. sou ilsisted upon Ken having a doctor and as attenhant. This man fills the bill for both. I don't see what you are getting up all this rumpus about." "lIe fright.ns me; he makes my flesh creep l" madam breathed, in hushed, sup pressed tones. "Oh, bosh I I hope he will frighten othec folks, and make them keep away from the tower rooms." Mahlam wrung her white .and jewelled hands together in a sort of frenzy. " I feel as though a devil had come int. the house," she soail, in the same breathlest way. " See here, suppose we chbange the subject," Jasper exclaimei, angrily. " What is done can't be undone, can it? Did you havy, much trouble with Ken while Sibyl and her sheep-dog were poking around ?" MIadam shuddered and compressed her lips. 'It was horrible," the said. " He would not take the drops willingly, and I could not bear to force him. I kept my hand over his mouth a good deal of the time, but he was too weak to make a loud round, I believe, after that one ifrantic effort. If seemed to exhaust him. He struggled -a little several times against me, but he was too weak to do much- But oh. how he looked at me I Oh, the reproach, the anguish, the wonder, in his unhappy eyes ! It was horrible to me to treat;htm so. And now this dreadful doctor I [ cannot, cannot bear it I Oh, my boy, iny boy, what shall I do ? Heaven's mercy, what shall I do " - : : CHAIPTER XIII. A " WA:StINa. - - :"I cay drop that I Wehav have d enough and more in tlhat strain, I should think.". Jasper broke in,harahly. He was. very pale, but he laughed sneer ingly. " What a fake," he said. "? Fair. Sibyl little dreams what lay beyond.all -those decrepit: chairs and broken-legged.:tables. Clever scheme that. No one but me would e?'r lhave thought of it. ' 'uddenly, to her son's amazement .and dlisaay, M.Iadam Ruel fell on her knees before him. s.. '" Jasper," she entreated, wildly, "go away. For God's sake-if you don't want to kill me, if you don't ;want me to die of horror and fear-go away. Leave the country, as youi swore to your generous brother you would, that night when he raised the ten thousand dollars for you." ". Generous. brother," mocked . Jasper. 'That money came to me from my father the old despot-flung to. me as a bone to a dog-accursed bribe to get me out of-the country for fear I should bring his high and mighty head down to a level with my own." "Shame I oh, shame I" madam exclaimed, rising. to.her feet. "Your father lavished maney upon you. He tried in every possible w .y to make a good man of you, but you wduld not. The more he did for you the worse you were. You chose - evil com pahions, you plunged'into vice as'though it were your natural element. But not till you became an actual criminal-till you had torfeited all right to an honourable name did your father's heart harden to you. He made his will, giving'everything he possessed to me first, and to Kenrick afterward, either at my death or on my marriage. But he made us both swear that from that m6ney you should- never have a penny except the ten thousand dollars, and not that unless you first .made oath to leave the country. Kenrick had no choice in the matter If he hrd dlone differently he would.have forfe:tad everything by the terms of the will, and you would have been no better off. Why don't you reproach me for not giving you more money?. I am very rich by my second husband's-Colonel Ruel's-generosity, but I have never given you much money, because I knew you would only use it. to plunge deeper into crime and shame." S' You were so terribly afraid I might di-= grace you," he sneered. " D;dn't give up my own name and take another that was notimine for fear anyone should know I was related to you ?" ':'You took another name because your father declared if you did not he would publicly disown you, and never under any ciredmslances give you any more money." Ja'per laughed harshly.. '"Well, I kept my word aboit that,: any way." " Pity you had not in other things as well," she 'said, bitterly. "I don't think you ever kept your word Unless you thought you were going to make something by it." "Oh, come now," he said, "you and my father were always down on me ?". -.Ywe were not. We loved you and your brother both the same. If anything, we wvre better .to .yo,, because you tried us more, and we'were more anxious about you. But it was of no use. You never loved an'y thing but yourself. You never cared for any living creature enough to deny yourself the ,mallest fraction for its sake." "That's so; and what I want I'll have, if the bottomless pit yawns." Jasper sneered.. Ics.ý llB_."=eenedrthu, ushappy moter-. ynfu ?ll, youf always ?ould.' I could almost fin I it in my heart to wish at this moment that you were back for life behind those iprison bars from which you have escaped. Oh, my son," she cried, fren ziedly, falling on her knees again, "go away before worse happensl Go, go, go I I will -ive you money ; I will give you anything if you will only.go I" " "Well, I won't I Da you understand that?" .I wont go a step! It is the:first time in my life I ever had a sign of a.chance, and I'm going to hold to it now-I swear I am. l'd do it, if for no other reason, for.the sake of bringing down that handsome jade who calls me an impostor and looks at. me as if I were a snake. I'il bring her low. I'd rather conquer her than have a.million of money.: I'll do it, too. Get up, mother. If you knelt there till the -jidgmenti,day, it would. make no difference.' .Madam Rael ro'e slowlyto her feet, un sided.- Her son offered to.helpi her, but she rejected. his assistance with a bitter ges ture.'. "A curao,must -be upon me to have borne such a son," she said, hoarsely. " ldow in heaven's 'name can you, born of -the same bloot, nursed.iat the same breast, cradled in th" same arms'as your.brother, watched, tended pcared for more tenderly than he, be so different? He-so hornourable,'high: minded mainly, and kind -" " Kind !" sneered Jasper. " How aboutn that will of his giving everything he has to fair'Sibyl .You were pretty savage about' that business if ?ny memory serves me'- - ,"The moneyis his own. :Ihave enough. I was wrong. I Iam sorry I ever said a word, or felt so about it:. He has always been a good, kind, loving son to me.. He never crossed 'me or displeased me in his life, except about his marriage and that will. I don't care for any of it now. Oh, my God, no!" the unhappy woman groaned, despairingly, with uplifted hands and streaming tears. "If I could only undo everything since that awful night when you brought him here, bruised and bat tered, bleeding and unconscious, and made me ifelieve that the officers of the law were after you, and that your only safety lay in passing yourself for your brother for a few days. For a few days, you said and swore to me !" she repeated, her voice rising shrilly in her agony of wrath and despair. "And here you are yet. Oh. my wronged, my outraged, helpless son, what will become of you ?" "Yes, here I am yet, and here I mean to stay, as I have told you a good many times," Jasper said, doggedly. "You ought to know me too well to have ever believed that I would keep so silly a pro mise as that was about going away from so snug a nest as this. Here I am, and here Smean to stay." "I know you do"/' Madam Ruel said, despairingly. "You will stay, livinog this false and cruel life, compelling me to a course that my soul abhors, and that wringl my heart, until you have driven me into my grave, and booked yourself for -'verlasting perdition. But one thing one thing, Jasper Prinece, you shall not do chile I live !" she went on, with returning excitement. "I don't like that Doctor Varle of yours. He is a villain, a wretch! lie is 2apable of anything. What have you brought him here for P" Jasper was livid. His eyes fell. He could not look her in the face. "You know what he is here for," he answered, in thick, sullen tones. "What is the use of going all over that ground again ? Let old Varle alone, and tell me what is the one thing I shall not do while you live. Perhaps it.is something I don't want to do." She leaned toward him, her splendid old face blanching to deathly whiteness, her eyes seeming to sink in her head, and the hand she laid on his shoulder shaking with an awful and unnatural tremor. Jasper shrank before that dreadful gaze. "Jasper Prince," she said, in a curdling whisper, "if by so muchas a hair's breadth you try to hurry your brother out of exist ence, beware! From that moment I abandon you. I tell everything. I give you back to the justice you have so often outraged -the prison, which is the only home you can appreciate or deserve." As she ceased speaking, she staggered a little, the hand which clutched his shoulder turned icy, and the other faltered, with a groping movement about the bosom of her dress. - " She fell forward heavily, leaning against him.: . - - "Another attack!" he muttered. He. was all that she had"i taid-without honor; without principle, alm ast destitute of' natural affection, but he could. not quite stand still and let his mother die in his arms without lifting a hand. lHe tried franticaliy: for a moment to .find the little vial 6f drops Doctor Varle had given 'her, and, which he kuow she kept about her person. .Then he called out, hLarsely : "Be le!"' Hlis lips had he time to close before the door; of the .dressing-room .opene,. and madam's eccentric and lovely maid ap peared.: : She stool regarding him a moment in con temptuous amazement. W?'?hat-again?" she exclaimed. And- going to his side, . together they placed the unconscious woman upon alounge Belleejought ,and found in the bosom of ma-lam's dress the -little vial, and proceeded to let a few drops fall, as Doctor Varle had done, between her ashy lips. "This is the second time' to-day, :my frienl," she said. "That is very dangerous. DJ you want to kill your mother?" There was no answer.: :She looked up at him. Wh" Yht has become of that ten- thoisand dollars your brother gave you " she asked. Jaspor.turnel cold. : " Listening, were you)? he exclaimed, angrily. " Of course," was the cool rejoinder. '" I warned you. I don't intend that very much whichc cmncerna you shallg on in this boase without my knowing it. But I knew about the money before. The first time you came here, after leaving me, you had your mother telegraph to your brother and bring him back from his bridal tour to get you that m, iny. Poor woman I how little she suspec tr.l, or he. either, that it was all a trick to get himin your power." " It is a lie! t tas no trick. I ws on the same train with him and Sibyl when they started away again, it is true, and I was disguised, 'but I did .not make the smash-up." " Oh, no !" she sneered; " you only took advantage of it to come.back here'with him; stuff the ,poor fellow in a hole to die, and hide Rick Halsey, the forger, under his name." Jasper grew livid. Bending down suddenly as she knelt by the couch, he clenched his strong hand in th masses of her glittering: hair and .forced her head.back till he could look her square in the eyes. ' - . ' I f you ever utter that name againhere." he hissed,." I will murder you." Belle laughed aloud. S.ll11" right," she said. "Now you've told me, let go my hair and answer my question about the money. Jasper fell back with an oath. Madam Buel was longer in coming out from this attack than she had been from the one in'the morning.': - As he released her, Belle proceeded with the utuiost coolness to let a couple more drops fall from the little vial upon those locked white teeth. Her delicate, slender hand was as steady as though carved in marble; the lovely, greenish-grey eyes which watched those ashy lips never wavered from their task by so much as a hair. (To be Contin?ed:) 