FUGITIVE NOTES. The Salvation Army authorities of Queensland have taken a stop in the right direction. Hitherto the force in that colony, as in all other places, has been confined to infantry. None of the auxiliary branches, such as cavalry, artillery, siege train, engineers, commissariat, and ambulance corps, which go to make a modern field force effective, were in existence. There's no doubt that the hard work of every army falls upon the marching men. Let them give way, and all is lost j let them stand firm and everything is gained. To do the Queensland men justice, they were equally effective, whether at the hall or on the march. In either case, by persistent application and an honest endeavour to do their best, they could get more out of a big drum and a few tambourines than any equal number of instances tulist*-always excepting the artists at a negro camp meeting. In wind, too, they were strong, and more than one trombonist was a powerful exporter, whether in front of his apparatus or behind it. Still, the want of cavalry was daily felt till it could no longer be concealed. Away in the back Hooks youths and maidens were growing up who'd never seen knee-drill except at forfeits. So a mounted division has been mobilised to carry literature, lyrics, and love to the headwaters of every stream flowing into the Gulf of Carpentaria. The uniform is unostentatious morey a banded cap and red waistcoat, which in the eyes of the unregenerate Biggest the half-mythical home-made of romance. In nose of the inhabitants of that distant region have the newcomers aroused a livelier interest than in the crocodiles on the river staR. These creatures, usually so mutton and taciturn, have already evinced symptoms of a desire to meet the new explorers half-way. At all events fresh ground has been broken and the harvest is at hand. The addition of a mountain battery loaded with tracts would leave no unconverted man in the Gulf country in a month. Last week the Highland Societies of Australasia celebrated the birthday of Robert Burns. Some writers have assigned to the author of the Two Dogs" a place similar to that held by Horace among the Romans and Beranger among the French. I doubt the folioitousnoss of this off-hand comparison. For both Roman and Game used tongues of exquisite finish as vehicles for their thoughts ; while, with a few exceptions, the Scotsman's fancies reached the world in a far homelier garb. The wonder is that any genius could have made such a comparatively obscure and by no means euphonious dialect do such splendid service. So the question naturally arises is a real poet hampered at all by the ruggedness of the paucity of his vocabulary ? Surely Burns at his best has given us lyrics and love-songs equalling or surpass- ing any written to Lalage or Chloe, or Lizette, of Norah Creina. Which reminds me that every Scot knows somothing-gonerally a good deal, everything often-of the wayward Ayrshire ploughman, while thousands of Irish men know next to nothing of Tom Moore. Yet the latter wrote things that sound like falling water to the fastidious ear. But the polish of the boudoir is always a poor thing beside the virile idiom of the farm, when that idiom is in proper hands. Truly the evil that men do lives after them. The world has been, is, and always will be full of people with keen eyes for their neighbour's shortcomings or back Blidings. Poor "Bobby" has suffered as much as anybody from the " unoo guid." He got them down once or twice, and gave them a pummelling whose scars will never heal. If " Bonnie Doon " came to stay, so did " Holy Willie." But none will ever know what the man Burns suffered both before and after his Edinburgh visit-Burns with his marvellous talent, his keen self-consciousness, his generosity, his vanity, his despair. And when, years afterwards, the curtain is for a moment drawn aside, and the old mother, looking on the statue raised to her famous bairn, mumbles, " Ah, Ral, Ral ! Ye asked them for bread an' they good theo a state," what more is wanting to show how this proud man must have eaten his heart out long before his short life was ended ? . . * . . To baptise an infant properly requires care, and water. It was in the latter essential that a respected English divine found himself recently deficient. Whether through involves or design, the verger or the head, of both in unholy collusion find either entirely overlooked the water or else provided no more than enough to give the child a. simple, sturdy name, such as John or Jane, according to sex. In the event of the first applicant's surname being short- Sykes or Punch, for instance it was hoped that the water on hand would be sufficient to attach William or Mary Ann to the tendril. Indeed the sexton, who had put two generations through in a manner that gave general satisfaction to both living and dead -no ghost over got a chance to walk out of the bIkiiIu sunk by this conscientious man oven he said that if the baby was small and the parents pressing there was enough in the front to negotiate Zachariah or Arabella. But it was not to be. The first person to enter the church was a Mrs. Plantagenet, a bookmaker's wife. She brought twins for baptism, and wished the girl to be called Eleanor Gwendoline Henrietta, to show that the family still held its head high, although circumstances had compelled the chief of the house to relinquish knight-making and pursue the humble calling of moulding bricks. In the circumstances more water became imperative, except the poor children were to be sent home half-baptised. Next the church lived an honest Nonconformist. He'd a pump in the corner of his yard and a draw-well in the middle. He likewise kept a thriving dairy farm. Nothing easier than to obtain from him all the water required for the ceremony. But the incumbent was orthodox and uncompromising. He would have no water from the well or pump of Dissent. After an hour's delay some was obtained from a churchman a couple of miles away, and the Plan- tagenet, boy and girl, obtained names which will probably render them of interest to their young companions for years to come. It is a curious thing this question of the fluid to be used at a christening. At present in both Europe and America there is a run on Jordan water. When a Chicago man successfully establishes a big "corner" in pork he starts a trusty servitor oil to the Dead Sea for a supply. The menial, if extra honest, may got as far as New York, but as a rule Ohio is about the limit of his Oriental wanderings. Still, wherever he goes he can be always depended upon to bring the water back sometimes salt and sometimes fresh, according as his employer wanted it from Lake Asphaltites or from the stream above. It was the Crusaders started this Jordan business in Europe, and a fine trade they did quite as good as many Sydney publicans who keep bottling departments for genuine British beer and spirits. The young Prince Imperial of France was baptised in Jordan water, but it was all the same to the Zulus. It is to be hoped the custom will never be adopted by well-to-do Australians. We colonists have enough to put up with. This would be the last straw. . . 2 The absence of ostrich farming from the list of Australian industries has often occasioned surprise. A sparsely peopled country possessing in many places all the physical advantages of arid plains, high temperature, and miles of gently undulating sandhills where the birds could secure fruits of various sizes to assist digestion, seemed as if intended by nature for this lucrative pursuit. in the warmer portions of the continent, too, each saod-huminook would become an incubator, till lands worthless for ordinary farms became in valuable for feathers. As an article of diet, to be sure, neither the bird nor its eggs can be considered an unequivocal success. On the upper reaches of the Congo some negro tribes have tried both when their neighbours were scarce, distrustful, and wary. The result was invariably disheartening. There may have been a time when ostrich eggs were adapted for human food. But it was because there were giants in those days persons to whom an everyday goose egg would have been an insult. Those people required food of a high and stimulating character, if only to keep up their circulation. It is absurd to suppose that an ordinary diet of meat and vegetables, followed by coffee and a cigarette, would send the blood to a 12-foot man's hood and enable him to think. So long as he kept in bed, a regimen of the kind might enable him to retain a sort of lethargic pulsation. Once he got up, however, nothing but ostrich eggs could keep him at his' boat. And now the reason why Australians do not take to ostrich farming has leaked out. There's nothing like the profit in it that simple I people imagine. Even the Cape Colony farmers, who've had years of experience, are beginning to relinquish the industry. . It is too precarious. And this, not because of ordinary disease, but by reason of the ___t_Uty arising from, the efforts made by the young birds to learn dancing There is a suspicion of hearing about this statement, but to the unfortunate Capo farmer it is a solemn and disagreeable fact Whether through a desire to imitate their owners, or through a longing for some dissipation to while away the tedium of captivity, the 1111 the King ostriches of bulli foxes endeavour to fill in their spare time by performing a clumsy wait? After a few i omits their her is rot turned Then the whirl becomes milder, with the result that their legs got mixed, crossed, and twisted The end is not far off One or move soon fall out with broken limbs caused by taking a short step, when the rhythm of the movement demanded a long one The creature has thou to be destroyed as a broken legged Ostrich belongs to the same category of usefulness as a horse with two fractured limbs on the same side Until this difficulty is surmounted ostnch-farmmgwill never become popular among Australian agriculturists 'The thing is how to meet and successfully gr apple with it To entirely wean the birds from the habit is impossible Even if feasible it would be imprudent, as they'd simply mope themselves into consumption through want of wholesome relaxation There is but one quarter from which relief may) be reasonably expected The creatures should be taught a different stop In a few years the future chicks would instinctively grate to measure having two or four for a numerator, 11 0 the polka or schottische, instead of to those with three or six, like the ordinary warm or mazurka The result could not fail to be gratifying both to birds and owners It stands to reason that there would be fewer accidents, and that those would mostly be mci, by a wet bag and a short rest Observe a human merrymaking for every man that sprains his too in the polka three put out their ankles in the water, and at least five start their knee-caps in the mazurka It would be the same on an ostrich farm Besides, look at the possibilities this suggestion opens up In time the creatures might be led to take up the "barn dance" Accidents would then cease for the man or bird that could break a limb in that movomont-except through pure malice is unfit for the cares of active life The only danger that need be apprehended would be through the birds' seeing a larrikin pionia Next day it is to be feared there would the a sound ostrich within a radius of 20 miles A. so 