Sporting' Fixtures. -HAMMOND—Picnic and September 1. Sports, Friday JDST OUB SEKTLM JfNTS. —Says the Kajrunda Herald:—" Is the principle of assessing the unemployed value of land, in preference to taxing a man's labor, right or wrong 1 This can be best answered by anot-er interrogation. Is it right to tax a man because be puts the product of his labor to a use for his own and his family's comfort and for the general improvement of that part of the face of the earth upon which e be happens to be, whilst another man e encloses an area of land and awaits for a rise in value, which he gets by the industry and at the expense of another ? And the same argument applies in the case of a man erecting a factory, or the State constructing a railway. The present system of muncipal assessment is a crying injustice, It not only taxes a man's industry and takes from him a portion of the just compensation which be receives for his labor, but allows another person to take what does not belong to him, by way of what is known as the speculative value, unearned incremenl, or whatever else it might be disignated. bat by -which is meant the difference between what he has expended for and on the land, and what it has increased in value by. the labors, or at the cost, of others. The principle involved iD.this may or may not be the terrible ghost, " single tax," which has scared so many as underlying the assessment of the unimproved land value ; but whether it is or not, every fair-minded man must admit its equitableness., The owner of bare allotments with dilapidated fences, or none at all, who waits, watching every turn for an opportune moment to " place" his property at a price above what he gave for it—at the cost of the industry of others, be it remembered—is the man who is np in arms against the present measure. He knows that it will not pay him so well to hold the piece of land for which he gave £5, and is holding idle until the community or the 8tate has made it worth £10, when he will sell. Instead of, by way of illustration, paying, perhaps, halfr a-crown, he will have to pay 5s, whilst the owner of the land adjoining, who has erected a bouse or a factory, will have bis present burdensome rates reduced to the same amount as the man who has been hoping to gain at his expense. Whence the ' justice of the principle or the Land Values Assessment Bill 1" 