BILLIARDS. PEALL'S PHENOMENAL SPOT PLAY. Penil's extraordinary proficiency at the spot stroke and the many wonderful per formances ho has achieved by its aid- notably his gigantic break of 3304 in November, 1S9U — havo established liirn beyond any shadow of doubt as tho cham pion of the alb in game, and yet it is probable that he never played the stroke better in all his professional career than he has been doing during a recent week at tho Aquarium, London. Ho and Taylor havo lately been playing games of 400 up Bpot-barrcd and 601) up all iu every after noon and evening, Taylor receiving 50 points start in the 400 and 100 in tho all-in game. In the 9pot-barred both played woll, Peall, however, had the upper hand, and secured no less than nine, but in the all-in gnmcs Taylor had not tlio ghost of a chance, as when once Peall got on tho spot it was almost invariably nil over with the game. A brief review of his breaks in thu all-in games will show this, and provo very interesting. On Monday even ing, September 18, ho finished off the gnmo with a break of 405. When ho got on tile spot on Tuesday aiternoon he did tho same again with a break oi 5S1, and tlio same evening the first chance he had at his favorite stroke he made 515, when he broke down. Of course they had to start a fresh game every time, and these breaks cannot be put- together and called one, but they aro vory much like not-out innings at cricket, so it may bo allowable to put it that he made 1561 in threo consecutive attempts at tha spot before ho failed. On Wednesday ho continued his headlong career, and 5S6 was his little contribution, and in the even ing ho followed up with 584. Thurs day. afternoon 558 was his figure, and that evening at iiis first opportunity he put on 312, when lie broko down, his total this time being 2050, for onco out. On that same occasion, directly after he rati out with 237, and the next day, ho put a summary termination to the proceedings with 590, and that evening another small item of 595 effected the same purpose. Saturday after noon was of the same character, 594 by tho little champion closuring tlio game, and oil Saturday evening, in the last game of ail, he put a grand climax to tho week's play by going right out from the start, Taylor not having a stroke iu the game, and his ball never appearing on the table. In a subsequent game Peall repeated his remark- ' able performance of going right out without letting his opponent have a shot. Peall's total on the spot in theso five consecutive attempts was 2622, without once breaking down. An international pool ir.ateh between D'Oro, the pool champion of America, and John Roberts, for lOOUdol. a side, was to have been commenced in New York on October 16. The return match iB to be I played in England in Febraary next, on I which occasion the contest will be for a stake of250Udol, 