CHAPTER XXYI. 'Though Lote atd Life axd Death & :' SHOULD COJCE AXD Go.1 cf'Isola -was alone in the spacious Roman nrawing-room, with its wide windows md shady loggia. The sun was off that jfide of the house now, and the Venetian shutters had heen pushed bach, and between the heavy stone pillars of the Eoggia she saw the orange and magnolia Srees in the garden, and the pale gold of xhe nrimosas beyond. The sun ivas shitt ing full upon the Hill of Gardens, that It)111 at whose foot Hero was buried—in -secret, at dead of night, by his faithtul freedman and the devoted woman who loved him to the shameful end of the jshamefnl life; that hill whose antique feroves the wiehed Caesar's ghost had Bnce made a place of terror. The Syicked ghost was laid now. Modern fcivilisation had sent Hero the way w . all phantoms, and fashionable ■Rome made holiday . on the Hill of Spardens. A military, hand was ploying there this afternoon in the golden light, and the familiar melodies of Don Giovanni were wafted ever and anon in little gusts j if sweetness to the loggia, where the J *jivid crimson of waxen camellias and the pofter rose of oleander blossoms gave ^brightness and colour to the dark foliage jsndthe cold white stone. Isola heard those far off melodies, faint in the distance,. without heeding. The iiotes were beyond measure familiar, interwoven with the very [fabric of her life, for those were the airs Martin (Disney loved, and she had played them to him nearly every evening in their quiet, monotonous life. She heard unheeding, for her thoughts had Wandered hack tq .the night of the hall at T/Ostwithiel, and all that went after it fatal night that struck the death knej| of peq;e andymocgnce, ^ How vividly she remembered every detail ; her fluttering apprehensions dur ing the long drive in the' dark lanes, up hill and down hill} her eagerness for the i .delight of the dance, as an unacoustomed i pleasure, a eeene to which youthful beauty flies as .the moth to the flame; lier remorseful consciousness that sha had done wrong in yielding to the temptation which drew her there; the longing to Bee lord Luslwilhiel once mors—Lostwithiel, whom she had vowed to herself never to meet ug sin of her own free will, She had gone homo that afternoon reBolved to forego the ball, to make any social sacri fice rather than look upon that man whose horning words of love, breathed in her ear before she hod enough of nerve or calinut's* to silence him, had left her scathed and stnred as it the lightning had blasted lu r. She had heard his avowal; no roonVnow to doubt the meaning of all that h.id gone before; no ground now for believing in a tender Platonic admiration, lapping her round with its soft radiance, a light hut not a fire. That which had burnt into her soul to-day was the fierce flame of dishonouring love — the open avowal of a lovo that wanted to Bteal her from her hushand, and make lwr'a sinner before her God. She knew this much—had brooded upon it all the evening—and yet 6he was going to a place where she must inevi tably meet the tempter. She was going because it was expedient to go; because her persistent refusal to bo there might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead to a discovery of the ical reason of her absence. She had seen often enongh the subtle process, tho • society search-light, by wliich Tiehiseo and Fowey conld arrive at the innermost working of a neighbour's heart, tho deepest mysteries of motive. She was going to the ball after all, fevered, anxious, full of dim forebodings; and yet with an eager expectancy; and yet with a strange overmastering joy. How should she meet him ? How could she avoid him, without ostentatious avoidance, knowing how many eyes would be quick to mark any deviation from con ventional propriety ? Somehow or other she was resolved to avoid all association with him; to get her card filled before he could ask her to dauce; or in any case to refuse if he asked her. He would scarcely venture to approach her after what had been said in the lane, when her indignation had been plainly expressed, with angry tears. No, ha would hardly dare. And so—in a vague bewilderment at finding she was at her journey's end—she saw the lights of tho little town olose upon her, and in the next few minutes her carriage was moving slowly in the rank of carriages setting down their freight at the door of tho inn. _ Vaguely, as in a dream, she saw the' lights and the flowers, the fine dresses and the diamonds, the scarlet and white upon the walls, brush and vizard, vizard and brush. He was not there. She looked amoug the crowd, and that tall figure and that dark head were absent. She ought to have been glad at this zespite; and yet her heart grew heavy as lead. , fxo ez ocsnrcsD szxr wzzx.J 