"I10W SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION ?" Now, lhich is the worse-f-o have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much foodwithoutan appetite, oravigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a eom munication in which the writer says, "I Swas afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on?. If the latter, why 1 Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I haul been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel my self. My mouth tasted bad so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellowfur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I bad eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would chokeme." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. H11 adds that there was what he calls "a pricking s'ensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, "the thought of eat ing, and many a scanty oetal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death, of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourish. ment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned im agination. " With great dillicalty," he says, " I stock to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure. no one has suffered so much as 1 have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude whoare all the while going through the same wretched experience only we don't happen to came in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a ease xactl like his own having heen" cored by-Motlhr Seigel's Syrup. "My wife." be says, "got me a bottle at Mr. Langtaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) "GEonoag IfsT, "' Car Bottom Rload, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason 