NTMPORTE, By J. O. B. At the opening of the Rockdale Free Public Library a few days ago Sir Henry Parkes rapidly glanced at tbe progress of manufactures during his own and his father's lifetime, a period con siderable over a century. It is when dealing with matters onteide the tnrgid sea of party politics that the ex-Premier is frequently at his best. Bat in the Rockdale address there is one illustration given of man's advance which arrests attention. Sir Henrv is reported to have said that in his father's time — in his own, too, for that matter — ' warfare's most formidable weapon was the old flint-lock musket.' Tet it is doubtful whether the inventiveness whose outcome is the magazine rifle might not be called a perverted ingenuity. The time, the thought, and the trea sure that have been expended in developing the murderous capabilities of deadly weapons would have intersected every continent with railways, brought eieetricity to a point undreamt of at present, and done much to solve most or all of tiie ugly labour problems that cow menacingly demand a solution. It is hard to see what is to be gained by improvements in fire-arms except a more expeditious method of slaughter. Even this is doubtful, for when a piece carries 1 J mile the persons for whom the missile is intended will manage to keep 2 miles off. Tbe flint-lock won India. It remains to be seen whether the breech loader will hold it. * * * « Pawnbrokers, on the whole, have seldom been accused of undue sentiment. Like detectives, they Bee too much of life's seamy side to remain tender hearted. The other day a Sydney man wrote to the papers to say that, having raised half -a- ' sovereign on some article, he found he had to pay a drilling a month, or 120 per cent, per annum, for the loan. His complaint elicited two answers. With one only is it necessary to deal. The writer of this reply said in effect that people should protect themselves — should of their own accord cease to deal with a tradesman of any kind who didn't give them adequate value. But this view cannot be defended. It is unreasonable to expect a casual customer to expend time, temper, and money in the effort to discover whether his breadislightor his beer drugged. There are certain offices that of right Bhould be performed by the State and not left to private enterprise. Among others might be named the questions of adulterated food or drink, of fraudulent weights and measures, and of public vehicles each as cabs, 'buses, &c.; And money-lending in the form of pawnbroking should be no exception. As the poor are the pledgers, and the lenders have no risk, all Con tinental countries take care that the temporarily impecunious are not fleeced. There is a wide difference between demanding that the State should undertake everything and that it should undertake nothing. » * * * ' Yes, 'tis come at last,' sang Peetal in his Russian prison the night before his' execution. Most middle-aged people will remember the ' Pestal Waltz ' and the terrors with which it inspired them when every hurdy-gurdy in Western Europe gave it tongue from morning to midnight. It is not a waltz this time that calls_up the brave fellow's melodious lament, but an amendment made to Mr. Heild's Law Prac titioners Bill in tbe Hew South Wales Assembly on Tuesday night. Henceforth no restriction is to be placed on women's becoming lawyers. And if lawyers and doctors, why not jury women, Judges, members of Parliament, Cabinet Ministers, and public officers of all kinds and grades ? It would be hard to say why not ; and yet, in spite of all the laws men may make for the purpose of breaking down the barriers between the sexes, there are physiological as well as moral and metaphysical ramparts between them which can never be levelled. Of course, the advocates for equality may say, as Darwin said of the jiaturaliste of his time, that he didn't look for the acceptance of his great hypothesis by naturalists of mature age — that he depended on' the young to gradually adopt his momentous speculation. -But Darwin could show that his explanation, although incomplete in many ways, was better than those which for ages had kept the field. It will puzzle those who claim sexual equality in all pursuits to show how their arguments will fit in with the known facts of fundamental sexual inequality. One good effect of the recent amendment, if ulti mately carried, will be to raise this controversy regarding organic sexual differences to a proper plane — to raise it to a level where it can be dis cussed apart from prejudice or paltriness. Leav ing out exceptionally gifted women and excep tionally gifted men (who in both cases are but abnormal types), if it can be shown with even reasonable probability that any system of mental and bodily culture would place the females and the males of a nation on an equality in mind and muscle, then— down with all barriers. Still, when Rossini said that 'music is of the masculine gender' he but expressed a truth which, in all likelihood, has a far wider application than he imagined. * * * * It is reported that an American aerolite in cautiously pursuing its course too near the earth's surface in Missouri struck the statue of John Brown at St. Louis, and removed it from its pedestal. So effectually was the work of destruc tion performed that no fragment of the figure could subsequently be found. Like the soul of the defunct hero, it went marching on, and by thia time has probably storied in business as a meteorite on its own account. Alive or dead— in flesh or ! in marble — some . men - are unlucky from the cradle. Thirty-four years since, the slave holding Southerns f oolishly, . as well as crnelly, disposed of poor Brown, and now a stone comes out of the sky to dispose of his statue. -. . . The Pall Hall Gazette says that tbe mind of M. de Lesseps is so impaired that he never asks for a newspaper. Still, there are people who would hesitate to see in such a circumstance a symptom of mental atrophy. It is a nice point to decide whether men who never read the papers should be reckoned to have entered tbe domain of senility or that of superior rationality. . . . Some antiquities lately discovered in London, and exhibited there, consisted of a number of media; val axeheads and a drinking cup with right 'handles. The axes had been buried with the owners, so that the latter might be enabled to knock at the gates of Purgatory in a maimer to impress upon even the most in- i attentive that somebody was outside and rather demonstrative. Yet, considering what has been said of Limbo, the wonder is that a prudent parson on the outside wouldn't prefer to remain there. But ghosts, like men, are never satisfied till they get from the fryingpan into the fire. The eight handles on the flagon were placed there so that a number of persons could enjoy the con tents, as pottery was too dear to permit of a cup for each. From the' known habits of our ancestors, it would be well if some inquirer would explain how the handles were suffered to remain on when seven or eight barons had hold of one each. ... It is on record that when Israel went up ont of Egypt the hills skipped like rams. By many the simile has always been considered as a fine example of Eastern allegory, but one scarcely appreciable by the prosaic Western mind. To those, however, who were fortunate enough to attend a sitting of the Hew South Wales Assembly last week, the simile will for ever cease to be hyperbolical. There were 59 formal motions on the paper, and it fell to Mr. Kidd, the Postmaster-General, to object to each. This meant standing 59 times and sitting as often within a limited period. The seats, of course, are cushioned, hut it would require galvanised iron to stand such usage if frequently repeated. 