"Wealth of the Church of Eng land. In 1891 the Duke of Westminster moved for a return showing the number of churches (including cathedrals) in every diocese in England which have been built or restored, at a cost exceeding .£500, since the year j 1873\. The return, which was issued on January 20, also shows in each case, as far ■ as possible, the amount expended, and the j sources from which the required funds were derived. During the 18 years covered by | the report, the total amount thus spent j reaches exactly £20,531,402 18s. 9fd. Of this sum £9,607,783 was devoted to church j building, and £10,609,623 to restoration, | while £313,992 were expended on building j ■or on restoration, but without distinction in the return as to the precise object. Concerning the sources from which these donations have come, private benefactions far exceed all other sources of revenue. The largest outlay has been in the diocese of London and Manchester, where the figures are £2,000,000 and £1,500,000 re spectively. The four Welsh dioceses, tak ing into account their comparative poverty, have perhaps done even better than the richest and most populous parts of Eng land. The amount credited to St. Davids, for instance, exceeds £400,000. In the dio cese of Canterbury church rates furnished a total of £1000 in the course of the period reported on ; the aggregate contributions from public sources and societies, includ ing £12,000 from the Ecclesiastical Com missioners, were under £40,000; while the amount raised by private offerings was nearly £633,000. The Duke of West minster's Bluebook takes no account of what has been done by churchmen since 1873 in the building and maintenance of schools, or for other objects, The Stand abd, commenting on the return, of which is published, on January 20, an elaborate summary, says; " The men who have given of Their substance to the Church of Eng land to so large an extent as the Duke of Westminster's return reveals to us, did not give it, we may be certain, to what they thought a tottering system, and an obscure future. They subscribed it in the full confidence that the Church of Eng land, as by law established, would last for many generations to come, and that their children's children would reap the benefit of their munificence. But whether the church be disestablished or not, it would be too glaring an act of injustice to affirm that she had no right to the fabrics main tained by the contributions of her own members during the last 20 years." "Why," exclaims Labby ill this week's Truth, " does no visit from the other world come to me? I would welcome such a guest with pleasure. I should like him to materialise himself, and to sit down com fortably and enter into conversation with me. I invite all spooks, ghosts, or other inhabitants of space to call on me. Bat I am not over credulous. I should require some better proof of the reality of their presence than knockings, which I know may be produced in various ways, or by the mere wagging of my hand. Mr. Stead is always au interesting conversationalist, but if he would only look in on me, accom panied by one of his spooks, I should be specially pleased." 