Launceston Parliamentary Debating Societv FIFTH ANNUAL DINNEE. The fifth annual dinner of the Launces ton Parliamentary Debating Society was held at the Brisbane Hotel on Moiaday, when there was a good attendance of mem bers and friends, including the Treasurer (the hon. John Henry), the hon H. I. -JBooke, M.L.C., Messrs S. J. Sutton, P. Barrett, and A. R.. Fowler, M/sH.A. Mr J. B. Waldron, Speaker of the ^aieiety, occupied the chair and Mr W. J. M* William's the vice-chair, while Mr Alex. Kirkland acted as toastmaster. An excellent menu was provided by Host Deleuse, and the room was exceedingly, well decorated: After the tables were Cleared the toast list was gone through, all the toasts being received with enthusiasm. The chairman gave the usual loyal toasts, and his references to her Majesty and Sir Lambert Dobson were loudly applauded. AppiogieB were received from the Chief Secretary (the hon. Adye P^n«las), the Minister of Lands (the hon. W. Hartnoll), and several other gentlemen. The vice-chairman gave the toast of the ' Ministry and Parliament of Tasmania/' remarking that the present Ministry had a very difficult task before it in adjusting the. finances of the colony, and that the Parliament was what the people made it. The Treasurer, who was received with loud and continuous cheering, said while Mr M'Williams was speaking it struck him that the toast was of a double-barrelled character— Ministers and Parliament— a very judicious arrangement as far as the -Btate of the time wa3 concerned; but he rethought it was desirable to say a few words . on. behalf of Ministers, and allow other 3v*repr-esentatives of . Parliament to speak for . 'j/the Parliament. (Hear, hear.) He quite vv recognised the force of the vice- chairman's vremarks in reference to the honour which tfchey, as a social gathering of Tasnianiftns, }had in drinking the toast of Ministers and ^Parliament along with the loyal toasts, uridreoogniaing Ministers and Parliament as L -vrt of the constitution under which they (?' od — in that sense he accepted the toast, anj recognised, the honour they had done Minis -*rs* No doubt ??Taamahiaasackno w- tT^Zi the many advantages they enjoyed imrfni. fl Olr OUUBllliULlUU, au-Vf. ;«iu«iw'g'. f creat deai 'might be said as to fee desir .' le £1 fn «*{.'? ^rwise of party government *?- r^?r'^ not on that occa*.uu JSl^f1 -*t was an exceedingly: tern -6- enter into it. , d k b d doabt tloir ing subject, an *f .fc ,tfc attention it society would g ^J h6M that it was pos deserved. A great u Ti^s%i) constitution, Bible to improve the S goveUment, and and do away with pa ^ J^ J fco 'Mm it was a subject of gre. ?v,,i'f and indeed he had thought much al **Wt ^!?$?£ it had engaged the attend ^ of ««£ -f ™ practical politicians of the ^.^-^'S* he thought it would he as we W--r tu ^aFf£ colonies to set the example »nd try -»» experiment. (Hear, hear.), i'oc a sta'^ colony like Tasmania they could well aff on. to wait and .' bear those ills we! have'— under party government— rathec yhan ' fly to otherB that we know not oil.' (Hear, hear.) In responding to the i oast he would like to say something ab -mt the question— the practical question- -which was engaging the. attention o £ this ? colony a good deal lately— ante he did not know how far he was trespass ing the canons of the toast in inlrod tiueing it— upon the practical question of i 'vmao tion in the railway employees' wages.. At the outset he wo aid say he had no c leans to make this .a mere party question ear t© , introduce any inharmonious matter mbdo j his remarks. He desired to direct fcheir j attention to this question because ib - w&b-;, one that for many years before he erf tered Parliament he had taken a great d£ wl ot interest in. The question of the management of railways was on. e- or. very great importance to the whole of,, .the colonies, -that was upon what prin cij -le they should manage their railways. E ver;.v one present knew the important part their railways played in the industry of tha; country, and relatively in the larger colonies. The question was, how we re they . to manage their railways; were 'they to- j manage them on commercial lines or were ; they not ? (Hear, hear.) He bm td under ; the present state of society that tr ley must ; manage them on commercial lineu, and at was imperative on the. part, of Ta summons and all Australians that they sho- aid make their railways pay, in -.order to maintain ; their4 credit in the eyes of the world. (Cheers.) Starting on that Spro. position he would direct their attention to t,he question of wages,: but before doing so he would like to say tbat it was! not a new one— it had be- no. engaging ;. hislatfention fbr many years- fend the crea tion that occurred to him was whether these colonies, unconsciously, / might not be pressing the great object as to how far democracies could successfully manage so important a service aa the railways of the state. We in these colonies were peculiar iu this respect— we were a great example, and thoae who had watched the conti nent and the struggles which the people had had in carrying out their railways musb have felb impressed with the fact that political influence had had a great deal to do with the marring- of the success of theae undertakings. (Hear, hear.) That was the bane of the whole business ; it wa« the politicians who had spoiled the successful working of their railways, and the question arose whether they would demonstrate to the world that the democracies could suc cessfully manage commercial affairs like their railways, because if they could, they would not stop there. Might they not go on to production and distribution in . all their branches ? That was what Bellamy thought. He had a distinct purpose in referring to this, be cause he wanted to show them that unless the Government could control production and distribution it could not fix a uni form rate of wages. It was because at the present time G-overnment only controlled their railways, and not any other important branches of! the country's industry, that they could not pay the rail way employees higher than the ruling rate of wages; for would it not be unjust to the other industries of the colony ? And he would like, in connection with this question, to Bay that the policy of the Government in this matter was that they should pay to the railway staff what was demonstrated to thani to be the current rate of wages and no more. (Hear, hear.) He took li that if they had deter mined to pay more than the current rate of wages they would be inflicting a positive inj ury and loss on the other people of! Tasmania. (Sear, hear.) He asked, would it be juBt to withdraw taxation from the people to pay rcen in excess of the current rate of wages ? Waa it the part of the Government to determine the rate of wages? If they, had reached the time written of by Bellamy they might do so, bub the pitiless, iron law of competition obtained everywhere, and how could the Government escape from it ? If they made an arbitrary use of their power, aud paid higher than the current rate of wage?, they would simply pander to one class and take the money from others. Mr Barrett — That is not a fair state ment. The Treasurer said he would demonstrate his argument. There were 1000 workers on the railway — a mere section of the total working men of the colony. They had 61,000 bread-winners in the colony, and were 1000 persons, because they could get political influence, to receive a higher rate of wages than the others ? If Ministers yielded to the clamour of interest or the influence of politicians they would be un worthy of their position. (Cheers.) Take the. great industry of agriculture, and take 5s 6d per day as the rate of wages, that was ^3 s per week,, that- the Government was na ^inS *ne lsr£er portion of the navvies on the x 'ae~ some of whom were getting as low as ;d3: SG-^ others mora than. 5s 6d He would ask them it' any farmer in' the- country could afford to give the value of & bushel and a half of grain for every diy'S labour? What chance would the aTicultai'pl industry have to compete with such a rate of wages ? It was unfair competition. The policy of the Govern ment was, not to ,p»y- an excessive rate of wages— not to crippta the farmers — but to make raen go on the laud and produce more wealth, (Cheers.) As the Treasurer of the colony, it might have been expected that he would say ecmefching about the financial question- His friend, Mr Kooke, groaned, but he n?ed not be alarmed— (laughter)— for he (Mr Henry) had no in tention to encroach further on their time. He would just briefly say this : Notwith standing the present depression he was quite satisfied that their little colony would come through the crisis all right. (Cheers.) He could safely say that he had entire confidence in the future of their little island. (Cheers.) Why, with the revenue even down to £800,000 ayea» from 150,000 people, they could, with ordinary management and time to effect the neces sary reforms, carry on the public works of the colony. (Cheers,) What inspired him with confidence was his knowledge of the -rreat resources of the colony, the fertility of the soil, their mineral resources, and the industry of the people, who were possessed of admirable intelligence. He therefore had no doubt but that their beautiful little island would come out all right, Mr Rooke — None of us have any doubt. The Treasurer— They were passing through a time of serious trouble, he was aware of that ; but as to the ultimate out come he had not the least doubt. (Cheers.) He expressed thanka for the happy way in which the vice-chairman had spoken of the Ministry, and strongly denounced the system of short-dated Treasury bills. Theirs was the thoruy path of very difficult finance, of paying accumulated debts in the form of Treasury bills — short dated — for public works. With a falling revenue they had a disagreeable duty to perform, that of retrenchment. In carrying out that task they might deprive many officials of their 'bread and butter,' but — and they would be delighted to hear this— they had the further duty to impose additional taxation on the people if it were necessary. (Cheers.) The Ministry had set their faces in one particular direction, and they were eroinsr forward; they had 'put their hands to the plough ' and would not turn bac--, until they saw their work ac complished, or until they, the people of the colony, said ' go about your business I' (Cheers.) That time, no doubt, would come, but when the time arrived to give up the ghost, he and his colleagues would be able to say that they had not tarnished the fair fame of the public life of Tas mania. (Loud and prolonged cheering). Mr Sutton said that he admired the way the Treasurer had separated the Ministry from Parliament, thus leaving the indi vidual members of the House to speak for themselves. He regretted, however, that Mr Henry had entered in--o the question of the retrenchment in the way he had done. (No, no). He was one of the deputation wh'ch waited on Ministers, and he believed they were misunderstood. They had no idea of interfering with the retrenchment policy of the Government. Every member who went down from the north on that deputation had voted for the policy of the present Government as against that of the late Ministry, and to throw blame on the deputation was beside the question. The Treasurer asked Mr Sutton if he would repeat a remark. of his blaming the members of the deputation. Mr Sutton, continuing, said that the assertion was made more by innuendo than otherwise. (No, no). He did not wish to enter fully into the question, but he wished it to be clearly understood that the . members of the deputation did not desire to interfere witb the policy.' If the Government had stuck to their text and not departed from tae wholesome rule o?. drastic retrenchment they would not have appeared before them. He regretted also that Ministers had not taken the suggestion* of members in framing their policy of retrenchment. Every member of the House sympathised with Ministers, but they were nob going to go all the way with them. They could not blame members for impressing their views on the Ministers. They had done the colony much good by turning out the late Ministry, and if it was necessary to morrow they would turn out the present occupants o? the Treasury benches. The colony should, as the Treasurer had said, pay its way with a revenue of ^6800,000, and the great question in his mind was why the colony could not do so with much less. (Hear, hear.) He would have liked Mr Henry to have said something as to a Customs Union, which was a matter of very great importance to them. Various other toasts were honoured, and altogether a most enjoyable evening spent. 