THE" STORY OF ANDREW FAI R FAX. BOOK II. rasrAkNl O FOR HIS WORK. CHAPTER XIV.-(Contiued). "?Iy dear young man," he said at length, "you are sadly mistaken." " Am I,"replied Andrew; "then Ishould be very glad if you'd put me right." " If you'd seen the glorious revivals we've had up here, you would not talk like you have been doing." " I've not a word to say against revivals," replicd Andrew. " Anything that will stir up these people to think of things other than those of which they are constantly thinking is good. But what I want to see is the praciical results of your revivals. I will admit there are a large number of good people in the parish, but I have like wise been amazed by the immorality which exists. You know it is afact that the con verts of one winter are the backsliders of the next, and that out of a great number who profess conversion, only a few remain Christian." Henry sighed. This was true. The young man had put his finger on a great weakness. " And it is no wonder," continued An drew. " No wonder ! How ?" "Because nothing is done for them. Excepting one night a fortnight, your chapel and schoolroom doors are closed from Sunday to Sunday, and these people can go where they like. What wonder, amidst the loneliness of their life, that they seek diversion in ways that lead them astray." "T'here be the class meetin's, young man." "t Do many go to them, pray ?" Henry shook his head. " Very few," he muttered. "I went to one," Andrew continued. " Old Amos Crews took me." " You went to a class mectin'! Aw, yes, I heerd about it'" "' Well, I don't wonder that young people don't care about going. The leader had prepared nothing that would interest or help. He simply droned out a few worn ont platitudes." " He spoke as the Spirit gave him utter ance, young man.' Andrew was silent. An answer sprang to his lips, but he did not give utterance to it. It would seem irreverent. "The only power to save is religion, young man," asserted Henry. " I agree with you," replied Andrew, "but it mustbe a real religion-a religion touching every phase of life, and fathom ing the deepest human needs. A religion like you were telling me about in that hymn you quoted is a caricature of real re ligion.' Henry would have replied, but he heard his daughter coming into the house. " Will you use your influence, and get your Church to take up this matter '" An drew asked, seeing him hesitate. "No, young man. Our chapel and schoolroom was built as the house of God. I will never consent for it to become a club-room s Both church and chapel had refused him, then, for he knew that Henry Yelland was as much a master at the chapel as the rector was at the church. Certainly the leaders of religion were against him. Andrew enjoyed histea thoroughly. Cer tainly Henry was a poor exponent of his religion, if that religion was the one ex pressed in Charles ?Wesley's hymn, for his table was literally laden with good food. A great ham, meat pasties, the remains of a huge chicken pie, and abundance of clotted :ream were placed on the table, while cakes ad tarIts were bru..gt forward in great varieties. certainly, whatever might be the condition of the poor farm labonrer, Mr Yelland fared sumptuously every day. After tea the family went to chapel, An drew being placed in Henry's pew. He found the place nearly full, and unusual interest was manifested. Andrew found that the church had been trying to " get up a revival," and on this night they expected a breakdown among the unconverted. Henry preached a remarkable sermon, and on this occasion made a great effect. I will not try and reproduce it. If 1 did 1 should be accused of irreverence, for many of his statements would shock many who have never attended a revival meeting in Loamshire. He took for his text, " The wages of sin is death," and spent his whole powers in .trying to tell the meaning of death, which in his conception was a con scious eternal torture. He quoted the Methodist catechism, which said that the wicked would be punished in hell by hav ing their bodies tormented by fire, a.d their souls by a sense of the wrath of God. He, moreover, enlarged on the idea that these torments would last.for ever and ever. And yet the man who preached this could crack a joke with the beet at the right time-that is to say, on holiday oc casions, market days, sales, and so on,while he could eat roast beef and plum-pudding with a splendid appetite. At length the sermon came to an end, and the prayer-meeting commenced. Now came the time when the Loamshire charac ter shone out. A great fear, almost amounting -to a panic, had laid hold of many of the people, who commenced to groan. There was manifest sincerity, too, and a serious look settled on their faces. And this was scarcely wonderful. Fancy, if you can, a place nearly ten miles from a gas lamp, where the people had been taught for leng generations to believe in ghosts, apparitions, satanic visitations, and so forth, and then think of the effect of preaching fearful doctrines. Mloreover, it was a dark night, and some had to go long distances alone. Every bush would be an unearthly visitant, every sound the foot step of toe dead. The hymns they sang, too, were calculated to arouse every bit of latent superstition in their natures. Andrew listened in wonder. The people did not sing unmnsically, but the words were terrible: *"We shall see the Judge descending, " [a that great day, Whilt the mighty, mighty trumpet 5hsll go sounding through the vale. ' "?We shall see the graves all opening In the old chnrchyard, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, etc. s"We shall hear the devils howling In that great day, WVhilst the mighty,mighty trumpet,etc. These words were set to a weird, creepy kInd of music, and as at the close of each verse nearly the whole congregation bura forth with the following refrain: "-Turn, poor sinner, and escape eternal fire, For you'll have to stood the fire in that great day '"- Andrew began to feel something of the influence of a revival meeting. And yet there were no penitents. The truth was the people were accustomed to this kind of thing, and while it exerted an influence, many reardednit as a matter of c ouese. cAs the meeting went on, thle noise be came great. One. or two commened toe shout, three or four prayed at one time, until qcuiet thought was almost impossible. I willnot dcnribe this meeting further, I shall, perehance, be accsed of dealing fippantly with a solemn thneme. For ther same reason I will not relate the conversa tion which followed by some of the prin cipal members of the Church. At thesame time, if Iam to tell the story of Andrew Fairfarx, I must necessarily refer to this pat of his life. Neither would I be accused of lack of sympathy with religious revivals -nay, I have every belief in them, pro ided they are genuine. Moreover, there was some excuse for the kind of meeting I have described. The people are not very susceptible to finer influences, their very condition of life had rendered them so sluggish and lethargic that only those in fluences which appealed to their grosser natures had much effect upon them. Andrew, however, did not find the meet ing helpful. To the young man whose surroundings had been different, and whose intellect had been trained, the teaching and general influence were repugnant. So much was this so that when he was asked about his own spiritual condition, he was led to give expression to some very strong words. He told these people that their conception of God and religion was op posed to what was best and truest, and that its power would grow less year by year. The young man left the chapel with a bad name, and it was hinted that any one holding such opinions as his was sufficient to kill any revival. Andrew went home with a sad heart He felt as though he could do nothing. The clergyman had declined to help him; the people at the chapel evidently regarded him as a dangerous young man. Mean while the villagers dragged out a weary, painful existence. They had nothing thati gave interest to their lives, nothing to re fine or ennoble them. As for their future, only a painful old age and the workhouse stared them in the face. It is true that both church and chapel 1 existed, but what did they do? The I former adhered to ancient forms and con ventional methods, but it, had lost touchj with the people. The great vault-like building was opened only one day a week, and then it was nearly empty. As for the chapel, there were activity and earnestness but the work done was one-sided and in efticient. The people did not seem to realize that the same laws prevailed in the spiritual as in the natural realm, and thus life was without its true joy. They cared I a great deal about saving people from hell I and getting them to heaven, but as to try ing to make this world less like hell and 7 more like heaven, by bettering the physical t and social conditions of the people, they did not regard that as a part of their a religion. For weeks together there was nothing to interest or amuse great numbers 1 of the people, and thus somehow they lost d grip of that which was purely emotional. No doubt both chapel ann church did an a amount of good, but they both lacked that i social element, that regard for this work-a- I day world, whereby they could have been I a great power for good. I "Oh," though Andrew, "if some broad- t minded young curate and some thorough going minist'r could come to these places of worship, and then unitedly go to work. what a change could be wrought here! Rsligion could be made a thousand times more to them than it is now--but it cannot c be, I suppose. What's to be done, then ?" He stopped a minute in the road, as if a I tbnuiht had struck him. t' Yes. i'll go," he said to himself; "I I will. She paid but little attention to my 1 letter, but if I can see her, surely she will listen, even although she thinks I am per force a farm servant" " Is that you, Mr Fairfax ?" A man had overtaken him and spoken thus to him. " I've bin wantin' to speak to you oal day," he went on. " My two children be very bad; they're chucked up in the throat, and old Beanusev gived me noatice tolaive. What I'm to do I dean' knaw." CHAPTER XV. FACs TO FACE. "So to begin at the beginnin' An' come directly to the pint, I think the country's underpinnin' Js some consid'ble out o' jint. 1 ain't a-goin' to try your patience By tellin' who done this or thet; h Ldon't makeno_inskeooations,- ? - I jest let on I smell a rat." \- BioiOW PFrEss. t Andrew recognised-the man. He was a a poor fellow whose house was in a miserable a condition, and whose family, seven in 1 number, had to sleep in the same room. | He had sought to befriend him in many v ways, and so, no doubt, Mr Beans had c singled him out for special dealing. t "Have you paid the rent regularly P" I asked the young man. - "lss, sur, I have." "Then why is he turning you out ?'' "Aw, I'm 'fraid he do knaw as 'ow you've bin kind to me. Better you'd left me alone;"'cauee if you had, I shud still es bin able to stay on, and bad as?.'tes,.'tes I better than the side of the badge." t " I don't know. Your children are ill, you say ?" .. -c 1 "I'm 'frald they've got that 'theria." "And no doubt it's the house that has t given it to them. Do you know of anotherc house empty ." "aIss, sur. ther's wawn; but that's a I high rent, and do belong to the lady, so 'tes no good." "And that's the only house Pc" " Ther's another 'bout a mile away; but the house is a big one. I cuddn't pay the. rent." r"Well, we'llsee. When are you sup supposed to leave P" "" Christmas." " Well, don't trouble about that. Have you had the doctor for your children qP' "No, I caan't. I hain't got a penny ] more'n what'll buy a bit of summin to ait. Besides, he do live five mile away." "Go and fetch him. I'll see that he's paid." "Oa, the Loard bless 'ee, sur; but th'oull Bains'll serve you out somehow." ' "Well, let him. But stay, here's a sovereign. If the doctor will not come otherwise, pay him on the spot." The man hurried away with tears in his eyes, While Andrew walked on thinking deeply. " Thank God that editor has sent me those cheques," he muttered. "I shall certainly be able to do something; but- what I can do is nothing compared with what Miss Lezant ought to do. Shall I go to-night? It's Sunday, but---" He hesitated a second, and then turned his face towards the great house. He was not long in reaching it, and was quickly admitted. Once inside the 'grteat I house, Andrew forgot social distictions- - forgot that it was Sunda? The a~onised voice of poor Bill Watts-ang in hms ears, while the picture of th miserable cottages of the poor farm laboure?s appeared before himn " 'rd, " "Andrew Fairfaxr, did you Bsy?" said the servant, as he gave hisname. "Andrew Fairfax," repeated the young man. The servant stared at him, but took his message to her mistress, and returned a few seconds later, saying that Miss Lezant would see him. He followed the servant is a somewhat critical mood. He had never seen Miss Lezant to his knowledge, and expected to find a grim, hard-featured woman. Cer tainly tne letter she had sent him did not promise anything very favorable, and when the door opened, and he was ushered into a finely furnished room, he wondered how the owner of such a house could be so in different to the welfare of the poorcottagers on the estate. By the side of the fireplace sat two ladies, who both turned at Andrew's en trance, and then his heart gave a great bound. The younger of the two ladies was the one whose horse he had guided through >the fields not long before, and whom he had seen at church that very morning. .rheir eyes met, and a rosy flush mantled the young lady's cheeks. "Andrew FairfaxP" she said, as if in doubt. S"My name is Andrew Fairfax," replied the young man. "1 saw you yesterday F" "And this morning," replied he. He had altogether forgotten that he was I farm labourer, and spoke as an equal SIpokeo, too, as one who did not intnd bein;g Srifled with. S"I had scarcely, time to thanLk yaou," \- -I.'· I she said, " my horse bounded away so y quickly." y ndrew felt himself fascinated by h'er o influence. It was long since he had been a- in such a room, and met with such-a lady. r He knew that he had already begun to find excuses for her, and to accuse himself of rudeness. Of course she would not trouble e about the cottages on her estate ; of course e it was the steward's work to attend to all 3 these things, and he 'was very pre o sumptuous-rude to dare to come there in i such a way. Only for a minute, however, did he en ; tertain these feelings. Perhaps it was the r cool stare of the older lady who sat beside Miss Lezant that touched his pride; per I haps for a second he remembered that the r young lady looked very coldly on him. "I did not come because of that," he said coldly. ' Might I ask for why you came P" she said. "Surely your business must be of importance to bring you on a Sunday a night !" "You are right; it is of importance, otherwise I would not have troubled you. i Perhaps you remember the letter Iwwrote you, Miss Lezant" " Perfectly well. It was answered." *"Pardon me, I do not think so. It is true I received a note saying you referred all these matters to your steward, but I do not think such an answer is sufficient." "I cannot talk with you to-night on business. I must ask that the matter be postponed. Is there anything else about which you wish to see me?" . "There are many things about which I. would like to speak to you;butk'to-night I lust press the question youwoulddismiss." 1 The elder lady looked at him haughtily. "Young man, do you know to whom you are speaking ?" she said. "I am speaking to Miss Letant, owner t of the Ashwater Estate," replied Andrew;, with a touch of passion in his voice. - On that estate are dozens of houses not fit to kennel dogs. In one of these houses are a two children lying ill with diphtheria. The diphtheria has been broughton by the unhealthy condition of the house. The t roof is.thatch; it lets in water. The walls are green with damp. The floor is as wet t as mud, while scattered over the room are basins placed to catch the water which a drops from the roof: The house has but n one bedroom, and in it nine people have to sleep; seven children-two of whom are ill with diphtheria-and their par.nts. That house is a picture of several others. I Miss Lezant receives rent for those houses, I but I do not believe she is acquainted with the true state of affairs " The great brown eyes of Miss Lezant I flashed strangely. "Is whatyou have said true ?" she asked huskily. " 1 have visited the cottages myself, and can vouch for;the truth of my words. Be sides, the man whose children are ill came to me this very evening, and told 'me that Mr Beans, in whom you have such con fidence, has given him notice that he must leave at Christmas. The man has no money, and he knows of no house to which he can go." " Impossible !" " I have told you the truth." "But I have heard nothing, of these things. No complaints have'reached me." " Yery likely. The cottagers are afraid of your st?award. because they know whet power he las. He has your full consent to do as he likes, and he has the reputation of being a cruel, vindictive man. When I went to him, he ordered me out of his house. Hence my letter to you." Miss Lezant looked keenly at Andrew. Certainly he had every appearance of a gentleman-he spoke as one, too. She was in a dilemna as to how she should treat him. "And you have no fear of Mr Beans ?"' " 1 know no reason why I should fear him." ...Pardonmeo,.bustyou ara " " S'SI am.Andrew F'airfax.-- My father used to farm Trevadlock, but he died when I was a child. I am a servent on the farm' at present." ' He spoke proudly, as though he had a grim satisfaction in telling the proud lady, whose horse he had led, what. he was. sie might have told her that he was reared as tenderly and educated as 'carfully asi she; he might have claismed equality with therI but such' was not his humour.' ' ,- , "You' were a soldier, were you not P-' asked the old lady. . "No, madam, 1 was never a soldier." ' "Mr Beans'saidyou'were?' " ., " I was never a soldier, madam. -' Still; I do not see what my trade or profession has to do with my purpose in coming here.' . "'But what' can I do". asked Miss Leza;nt. '" I think the least you can do is to in quire into the life of the people who are so dependent on you," he said. "It could do no harm if you were to'look into their houses and see how they live." " But Mr Beans tells me the cottagers are well off, and to interfere with them would only breed discontent.". ' 'I And you prefer to listen to Mr1Beans ?" A quick flash from her eyes was her only answer to him. '!I wish to know," continued Andrew, "because the poor fellow who spoke to me was nearly mad. It will mean the death of his children if they are turned out at such a time, especially. if they have no place to which they can go,", "I must speak to Mr' Beans." " "And be guided by him ?" Her eyes flashed angrily again; evidently she did not wish to tell him her intentions. I 'SI shall do what I deem best" 'she said; in no very encouraging voice. "You will investigate the statements I have made P" "I shall make no promises as to what I shall do. ' Probably shall not' see. fit to do anything at all.":. Evidently she was angry at this young man, who was so dangerously persistent., . ~, i .... 'P Pardon me," said Andrew, 'S but some thing must be done." • Must '" "Indeed, I would like to know by what authority you can give such a commind ?" I forget politeness in remembering the pear people's' necessity. The people on your estate-I mean the labourers- are siply dragging outan existence of poverty amd pin, and if something is not done, I 'v1 proclaim their condition in a hundred swspapers. Everybody shall know that this parish of St. Neot is cruelly neglected,. snd that while the rich revel in luxury, the poor who give them their riches.lie diseased and dying without ever receiving a particle of help." SMiss Lezant did not reply, but the elder lady started to her feet. 'and said haughtily "Who are you, young man ? You are not what you seem." "I am a working man," replied Andrew proudly; "my ,father was a working farmer, and I am not ashamed of my ante dedents. It is natural for me to speak up for my class. I have entered into their lives, and I know the colourles. wearisome drudgery which makes up their existence. All 1 want is that they shall be treated as human beings, and I mean that they shall be." - Evidently Miss Lezant was talking with herself. Her first impulse was to ring for a servant and have the presumptuous Syoung man shown out of the house; but Ssomehow she could not bring herself to do this. He looked like a gentleman, and Sspoke like one. He was notat all awkward because of his surroundings. Au ordinary country clown would not have known what c to do, or how to act when shown into the presence of two ladies, especially when Sthose ladies were;in ahandsomely furnished room; but this young man was perfectly at ease, as though he were accustomed to mix in the best society. Moreover, he had a rendered her a service and ssee was grateful. Still, she could not help ieing' angry at his g confident way of speaking,; an' she cer tainly felt no inclination to make him ?ny promeiss. o " Is that all you have to say P" she said at length. r "There is a great deal:inbre," replied a Andrew, " but it can twait for alittle while. The matters :I have mentioned are press. I ing."' .... .. f She touched the bell at her side and a rang it, shortly: after which a: servant a entered. 1 °"Will you:show this man out,": she said. \- "Or stay," she continued,' turning to An t drew; '"if you like you can go ito the kitchen and have a jug of beer." Was it a desire to remind the young man of his social status that she did this ? He could not tell, but he fancied that such was her intention' ' " Thank you, I never drink beer," was his reply, and bowing politely, he walked out of the room.: ... On looking at his watch, he found that he had been' out far later than was the I rule for servants at Trevadlock Farm. But f he was comparatively careless now. He f was sure Cundy would think twice before r reprimanding him. Thus he walked home 3 slowly, and saw with gladness that the sky I .was clearing, and the heavy mist rolling a away. "Things are turning out strangely," he 3 thought. "Who would have fancied that the lady I assisted was Miss Lezant, the a wealthy owner of Ashwater Estates P I'm n afraid I've overstepped the bounds of my position; but IHfancy I've made her think, a and aroused her to the fact that she has duties as well as pleasures. Ilittle thought A when I saw ha o ; s??e-tn S uare that I L should meet her under such cmrcmstanc r Isn't she beautiful, though P-it was awaully hard to speak the truth to her, but I. am" glad I did'h •Thus the young man mused as he wended his way back to the farm. The moon had now appeared, and the night was: bihco?ningpleasant. : . '" My visit to the country is turning out y differently from what I expected," he went on. "Things do not appear nearly as monstrous as they did. No doubt I have a; made an enemy of Mr Beans, while his mis- I tress is angry at a farm labourer's daring. k It was kind of her to offer me a jug of beer; though. Hark ! what's that P" h . He stopped and hstened. For a second p all was silent;' then he heard a sobbing a noise... "It's a girl's voice," -he thought. "I wonder who's in trouble." w A'second later a man's. voice spoke im- h patiently,and yet with an attempt at being tl persuasive. h "I tell you I will not,"' was the-sobbing b reply of the girl. "You know what you promised. You-you said you loved me, and that we would be married. You-you A know you did." ' But can't you see.how I am pliced ? 91 Can't you see it's impossible. : Noiv, if you would do as I tell you; Lwill marry you." " Surely,", thought the young man,"' 1. recognise those voices. I believe it is yong d Sim Cundy" and Kitty Crews.: Can there be anything wrong ?" " I tell you I will not," replied the girl b: again "I'll rather die by the hedge side. tl And this after what you've promised, too.'" " Then you must take your chanci?" said n the man angrily.: "If you will not be reasonable, it's your own fault." p "I' tell you I can't," replied the girl. n "Grandmother do know now, and-and-" tl Andrew hesitated a second, then jumped over the hedge, and, soon after, passed al them unobserved. He hurried on, and in it a few minutes came to the cottage of old Amos Crews. He had not seen the old a man at chapel that night, and wondered at p the reason, for, although he was a local tl preacher with the " Brianites," whose y, chapel was two miles in another direction, h: he "generally attended the Methodist Chu?rch in St. Neot village. Seeing a light w in the cottage, he knocked gently at the door, and entered. h ,, By the side of the fire sat Amos and his a wife. Both of them loked wearyand lonely; whUo" alook of "inefable-sorrow rested on f their faces. They looked up at Andrew's n entrance,.and gave him a kind greeting. For a minute or. two Andrew talked about the weather; and the way corn was: yield ing; then he said " s Kitty honme yet ?" i Neither answered. P "Nothing wrong, I hope." w S"Oa;" said old Amos solemnly, " the y Loard is dailin' very'ard wi' me." .. How P" replied Andrew. " " Her, mother es gone, I 'doean' knave 'where, 'replied the old man ;? ' she went w wrong, the maid did;,'sand left us wi' Kitty. y We've tried to do. our. .best ; :wi':er, but a ashe've bid aslocked 'away 'ly "young Sim C Cundy, and-and-." The old man covered 5I his face asif in shame. "You see,"-he wient on, "she wur akind b of black sheep. She wur ruther proud, and si wudden go around wi' maidens ov her own A bringin' up, while they that she would hav' gone with wudden look top her, and so she wur left lonely weth we. I was 'fraid 'ow twould be ,when, I seed young Cundy r aUlay loppin' round: after her-and now. i Well, they.c'n put me in the union now so o quick as they like, I don't care. --I shall never be able to'hould up my 'ead agean. a S"Now,'Amos,. doau't give way zo,' said the old'wvoman.-. " He may' marry 'er, ya e knaw. He tould her he wud. An' I'm sure he do like her. Beaides, it mayn't be so bad." P The old man shook his head solemnly. " Poverty I can bear, hard work I can e bear, and I'm willin' to work till I do drap, a but shsame, disgraace, Ica'n't bear. Oh, Loard, help me."' a "And if it's possible, you shall be saved a from disgrace," said Andrew, his voice d trembling. y \- "I'm 'fraid 'tea' no use,"- said the old f man. "P'raps we never made things y bright for .er 'ome. here, and ther' was no d place she- could go. But what could we n do .We ded. everything in our power. But that young. Cundy--he-he-Ged 'elp I me, or 1 shall curse him. . At that moment Andrew heard a step at I the doorway. and looking, saw Kitty enter t alone. At first she did not see him, but when she caught sight of his face, she turned pale, and trembled. " itty," said the old woman, "Kitty, come here." - " Slowly, the young girl dragged ho t the fireside. - -. - . .. ' ' Ti'friI dstc troth, ye to ho survey The rich man's joy increase, the oor'sa de 'Tis yours to judge how wide the limits Between a splendid and a happy land d E'en now the devastation is began, And half the business of destruction done; t E'en now methinks, as pondering here I' stand, - " I see the rural virtues leave the land." -OcIvuR GOLDsrITrg, "Kitty, we was jist talkin' 'bout 'ee'," said Amos to the trembling girl. Kitty was silent. "I'm 'fraid our hearts 'll break, Kitty," went on the old man. "You be our only child now, and I feel I caan't bear it." Kitty coy. r .d her face with her hands, and began to sob. "Don't be hard, Amos," interposed his wife; "p'raps the poor maid have-" Here she stopped as if she did not know how to finish the sentence, while Andrew looked around uncomfortably, feeling that he ought to leave the house. S"Tell us, Kitty, tell us, .eheeld." Andraw took his hat, and prepared to go out. " No, Mr Andrew, don't go," said Amos; ",we feel as 'ow you be our friend-don't go, Now, Kitty, my maid, ef you've got i anything to say to yerhbroken- heartedouIld grandlather, say it." SDsn't spaik so hard, Amos," rejoined his wife. " Kitty es agood maidfor cal everybody may say, and .she's onil:. we've • got.', - - -These words seemed to break the peer gii's-hert,- ;hq-emun e up to her grsi C=s YIpjW C !father, and throwing her arms around his I- :" Forgive me, grandfather, forgive me. But I bean't sobsad as you think.. I: Ii't tell 'ee everything, but he promised to make me his wife, and-and-" , .. Andrew brushed theo:back of his hand across his eyes. . "Kitty, my girl," he stammered; 'for give me for speaking, but did young Sim Cundy ought to make you his wifd ? " Does he owe you his name ?" ' The young girl looked up and flushed painfully. And yet'not in anger. AnIdrew,. had befriended old Aines in many ways, and since the episode with Jimmer in the cornfield, .he had been greatly beloved by 1 the old couple. She seemed as if about to . speak, then she buried her face in her, hands again, and Andrew knew the answer. He did not stay a second longer. He hurried out, his hands clenched, and his eyes dashing dangerously. Turning hisc face towards Trevadlock Farm,. he ran rapidly. He had not gone far when he saw young Sie Candy before him., Without hesitating, he went up to the young farmera and stopped him. ; "Cundy," he said, "I wish to'speak to s you.'I . .: ., Sim had been slouching moodily along' and 'did'. not seem to relish' :Andrew's i method of speaking. , ? " Remember who youre speaking to,"he said.-.. peagto he I "Let's be dnie -with nonsense;" replied g Andrew; " I'm not in the ii w?u .. c-towS cottage." .. .. w "Kell; what for that?" n " You know what I mean very well. as " How should I know r"' ' si " Because I saw Kitty, too." " Idon't know anything about Kitty Ic S"You tella lie." 'n ;1"How dare you speak 'so to'me'? I tell E you, I know'nothing of her."' "You tell a lie." :: , "Itell a lie, do I? rove it I'm not h. agoin',to be saddled with your inventions. ca I tell you I don't know, nor,.never did vi know anything about Kitty Crews "e: ci "[I saw you with her to-night. -:I heard- cc her'crying. I heard her tell you that you n promised to marry her, and 1 heard your ri answer." . -" - Sim Cundy was silent. : :.. -:,: " "I've just come- from 'their' coltege," p1 went ,on: Andrew. "They are broken-' w hearted.' I think " the ,trouble' will' kill them.' Kitty sits with her face covered by a her hands, sobbing' as if:her heart would break." ' . ; The young farmer was still silent. "What are you going; to do ?" asked I Andrew. g "What's that'to 'you?" replied 'Si sullenly. ".I want your answer." '- ' "And I shan't give it." ' '! '"" ".Yes, you will. What are you going toi do about Kitty CrewsP". "Well, then,' nothin'."' ":"' ' t "Yes, you are. '; They', are; 'al heart' u broken, and "yo will'have to do 'some- h t h i g.." . . . .. - -Robody can'prove anything 'aist 'Plenty can prove against you, Cndy,. plenty ; ,and even if' theie were not 'wit- f nesses'to your vile conduct, it wpuld?he'all f, the same. You will have to marry her." - "'I marry her,! .Do you know what you. a are saying ? 'I'd like to see myself marry- t ing any come-be-chiince inid.""" a "Do you know what you are ? You are w a mean,,contemptible cad., You break, a poor girl's heart, 'you ruiin her life, and f then you say you?will do nothing. "I know~ you are not worthy of her, but you will h have to marry her." . o Young Sim glared at Andrew, as if he h would like to kill him; but he did not speak. t "I tell you." wenton Andrew, "youwill d have to give Kitty Crews your name , you p will-have to save-her from disgrace;" ..... i ",I'm . if I do;:' snarledthe youe g n fsrmei=: 'She' woin hea reasonable, and' ` now I'll do nothin' for her."- -. "Yes, you will. I shall make you." a I' You will! I'd like to see you." " Yes, I will. "If you don't, I will have c your villainy posted up on every gate-post b in the parish. I will have your story I printed and posted on the church doors. I will make every boy in the parish hiss at you as you pass by. I will go to Miss Jane t Martin, whom you wish to marry, and for whom you would desert this girl, and I will tell her your vile conduct, until she will scorn to speak to you. I will have your villainy printed in the county paper, where everybody shall read that Sim Cundy, of Trevadlock Farm, 'St. Neot, is a sneak and a coward." " . 'As Sie' heard these' scathing' word 'she became desperate. He was nolonger hiin" self, and, with a savage` oath, he sprang at' Andrew with clenched fists. i ,:;: ,: A ' If pyou do not promise never to say a wo?d, I will murder you," he cried.," . , , :A minute later he lay sprawling by the roadside, stunned and su?died. A sting ing blow had knocked a great ,deal, of: his obstinacy and courage out of him. .;::, '-He got on to his feet slowly and ,looked at Andrew fearfully.. This strange young man was his mtaster in every way. He checked him at every trn. . . "I must have your promise," .cotinuLed Andrew, very coolly, "I shall see'that the promise is carried out." " : For.a little while young Sime was silent; evidently he was pondering over, some, scheme.. At length he said- . ,, " Look here, I doan't know, who you be at all. You say you'm Andrew, Fairfax's son, but. believe it's a lie. What you mr doin'down here I dosn't know, for evidently you bean't of the sort that do stay on a farm. But there's one thing: I expect you've done somethin' you did'n' ought to do, and another es that you'm short of money. Now I knaw I've bin a fool, and so p'raps we'm 'bout quits. Well, I think I can help you ef you'll help me.' El'you'll marry Kitty, I'll give 'ee fifty pound which I can get; and so youcan emigrate to Aus. tralia, or some such place. Do that; and we are'both settled rignht."!i - ..',: ,. ' Cundy, do you mean that F" "I .o main it," said Simn, eagerly. SWhat do youn think of it ?" Why that you are not only aiknave, Snow, I- w d.. . o T,. ",:: ll have no buts: it i? your duty, and yol must do it." Sime liesitated a second. SWell, I will," he said slowly. i "Veby'well," scud Andrew, "you will. And mind, I mean that you shall. I am determined not to leave this neighbour hood uitil you do. Mind that. I shall go to Am~. Crews to-morrow, and tell him whalty've told.me." Nonot that.'" "Cerainly I shall. You cannot keep your miarriage a secret-you know that very.wel. Anid now I mustget in quickly. He strode on, leaving Sime alone, and hurriedback to the farm quickly. It was now late, and he knew that the back door of the farm was locked early. Young Sim carried the key of the front door, and so had no need to trouble about the time. When he came to the house, therefore, he was 'not surprised at finding .the door looked. For a minute he hesitated what to do, and had just determined to try and wake eilter Zacky or Bill, when he heard a movement at the door, which a minute later was opened, and he saw Miss Sarah. "You.know father's rule," she said. "I determined not to go to sleep till I knew you werenu. I haven't' seen you for the nighti _where in the world have you been ?" "I went from the little chapel to Ash water," he said. ' You surely don't know the housemaid there!"• "No, I don't know any of them." : MLiss Sahablooked relieved. " Have you had supper I" she asked. " r:I' ge-tsome rabbit pie for yyou. 'I'd !.-y with youi! I could, nly I should4 be i "'" -' -; - :. n"d out, and father wouldn't like it-at any ratenot yet. Good-night." "Good- night." t f/. Son afterwards Andrew adjourned t the room which used to be his father's, but for a long time could not sleep. The day had been a strange one, and a busy one. First there was tte meeting in the church. yard: with the young lady who had im pressed him so, then the walk back with M iss Sarah; afterwards followodthe inter view with the rector, which had been so disappointing. On leaving the rectory there was his meeting with Henry Yelland, followed by the strange service in the chapel. Again'there was the case of the poor fellow whose children were ill, which led to his visit to the great house, where he had been so surprised. nd all this as followed by the sorrow and shame of poor Kitty Crews, and the meeting with thin 'Cundy. Surely he had enough to occupy his time and thought, and he wondered what the outcome of it all was to be. SHe. fell; asleeii at length, however, and awoke in the morning wish his mind clear. When he left the farmhouse for the cattle shed, he found that the rain was falling heavily, and that there was every prospect of a wet day.' So much the worse for the inmates of the wretched, leaky cettages. Still, for some reasons he was not sorry. He could do nothing on the farm while it rained so heavily. He would be ?ble to get to the village again. :; which lis" qcu lsy-oueyed. He jumped nimbly on the back of the patient animal, and trotted slowly towntds at. Neot, with several plans revolving in. his mind. On his way- thither he met young Sim, who lonked lowering and despondent. He did not raise his head as Andrew. passed him. E idently young Sim was notin an enviable mood.. he For'the next mile he met no one, but as he neared'the villago hi saw the miller's cart, which was slowly drawn from. the valley beneath.. He stopped until the cart came up, for.he saw beneath the tarpaulin covering th e athletic form of the young miller, who, wonderful for, a Loamshire rustic, was reading.a daily paper.. r ,' Kerniok, I should like to speak to you." MIartin Kernick immediately folded his paper and turned towards Andrew, as if waiting for him to proceed. S'" I am given.to understand that you are a politician." ?'ricok smiled, and proudly assented. "' What are your politica worth P" A" good deal. I am a staunch Liberal. I am in favour of Disestablishment, Home Rule for Ireland, and a reform in the Land "Very good, but are your opinions of suflicient: force to' lead you to try and remedy the state of things at St. Neot P" " lixplain." ... Andreivw explained: He went further thanhe hard done with'either the clergy man or with Henry Yelland. His club and his lectures, etc., were 'good,hbut they did not go far enough. '?Clubs would not build proper .houses, clubs would not give the people i bit of land, clubs would not give home comforts. He mentioned a scheme for sending a: memorial to the Guardians for better dwellings for the poor, and a better stem of outdoorrelief. tIe dropped a hint in respect. to encouraging the cot tegers to cultivate the common land, which would so 'richly pay fora little labour, and which might lead to the proverbial "three acres and a cow" becoming an established fidtias far i St. e?it was .coicerned; somIeiwhiLt Martii-iKRi"ick stared. This young man was ypossessed of more than ordinary ability andra fair. education, but his reading of the daily papers had led him to re'ird' politics' as'something in the far distance-a something which consisted in pa'ssig' sieasures and nothing resultiug iroi-thielii.' A".-'gsd 'miany politiuans do not differ miucsh from him.. -. " I am onkidu s forith' Libralal to ciue into power again," said ?alartin 'at length, ar'n' yon ?" "l1 don't bother," answered Andrew. "1 cannot see that either iparty are tmuch to be preferred. Let -us try and apply the laws already existing, and we shall do something." "I am with you a great way," answered the young miller. '' Will you help me to do something ?" "Yes, and ilullips will too." - "GCood. I' should like us to meet and talk it over." : : STo-night at the mill, will that do P". "Very-well. Good morning." : - 