doe Belton's Revenge. BY AIiFlllSZ) B, BDRRAGD, His name was Joseph Belton, bat hid m&teB; on board tho Mlddlestrand lightship sailed bim Grim Joo. Hla grizzled board and eon-tanned (rob and hands told ot a life in the open air. Job had onen foreign eorviae in tho navy. Ho had ntood tn bis gan and never flinahed smid the hell ot dame end ultitfa mtiinh rntnnd from thn fnrln nf im- pregnable Sobastopol; he had ohaeed the elavor. And brought the frowning, baffled Arab trader to hie knees ; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hnrrioanes in the mid-oooan, and had, nave the loss of one finger on hio right hand, aomo uoatblees out oi nu. The loss of the finger inaapaoitated Joe Belton for aotive service, and he retired on his pension, and for some time lived at a fishing village on the Kssex coast. But Joo got tired ot mooning about with few batter oompanions than the " 'longshore men," who regarded him with great reepoet, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the . visitors that they let their imaginations ran fancy free, but took good aare never to dwell npon their porilous adventures and hair breadth escapes when Joe Belton was within hearing, or when the stories wero likely to be repeated to him. A vaoanoy occurred on board the Middle- strand lighiship, and Joe applied for it. He wao at onee aeaopted, as bo bad loft the navy with a alean sheet arid Buoh a character as any honest man might ba truly proud of. Toe Belton was a baeholor. He bad loved, and loved in vain, and, as he put it, " hauled in his heart's taokle, and stowed it away far ever." Nobody knew much about the story, save that Joo had taken his disappointment very much to heart ; and nobody oarod to quostion him on the anbjeot, for Joe's face would grow dark Rnd forbidding at the slightoBt word ot ahefi relating to his lonely life. ' "Look horo, lade," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashore, and when tho wind roars at night, they are thinking and praying for yon, though they know that a lightship is the safest craft that floats. Be thankful you are not like me, who cares tor nobody, and for whom no body oares. Hoigbo 1 Now I'll go and have a turn at the refloetors." On duty or oft dnty, whenever Joe Bolton was upset, he would hAve " a turn at the re flectors." " Elbow grease " seemed to be the only ealve to his wounded heart, and ha would keep on polishing until the refleatora were like burnished mirrors ot silver ; and, as it were, he rubbod away the gloom from his faoe, and left it raddy and calm, if not abso lutely oheerfnl. Joe bad his seasons of eilenoe and dojeotod- ness. Whenever ho was " off his bacoy," and read from a treasured oopy of Milton'a poems, his mates winked at eaoh other, and left him alone until the fit had paesed way. 1 One night, after Joe had gone to hie ham- nlook, Phil Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been oarefully turned down, and, ehaking his head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joo must be in a very bad way indeed. "Bead them lines bb's marked with a pencil," he said. " Bend 'em aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not mnoh of a Boholard." Jim Dawling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone ot voioe, road : " Bfenoe, loathod Melancholy, Oi, Erobos and blackest midnight born In Stygian envo forlorn, 'Monget horrid shnpeB, and shrieks, and sights unholy Bind out some uncouth cell, Where brooding Darknese spreads bis joaious wings And the night raven sings; There, under ebon shades, and low-browed rooks t .... ( As jagged as thy looks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell." Y |I don't understand mnoh about it," Phil said, " but I daresay it's all right. The only thing in my line io the low- browed rooks. Lor', what a head that 'ere Milton most have had, to be sure I But I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I s'pooc it wouldn't be right to bide tho book, would it, now ?" " I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with double pay," Jim Dawling replied. " My missus— and, bieee hsr heart, she's still my sweothoart — knows something about how Joe was jilted. You see, Phil, such a story gets handed down from one to tho other, and gives the people something to talk about oyer tho fire on winter nights. Why, blesa you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreokers, who haunted the ooast when he wassyonngman, would make your hair ourl like— like thin rushes o' baoon in a frying-pan." Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood curdling yarns, when bis eyes grew round and his mouth opened to its utmost limits. " Look I Look there I" he gasped. Jim Dawling'e face grew ashy pale as he turned slowly. There was some vagus notion in his mind at that moment— and Jim had hie full share of eoperelition, and perhaps a little over— that the ghost of his grandfather had aome to polish up hie memory; but in stead ot a epeotre be saw Joo Belton. His eyeB were fixed and stating, hie arms banging loosely at hia side, and his movements, an if ho were measuring every stop carefully, pro claimed that he was walking in his sleep. Suddenly he stoppod, and, stooping down, felt about where he had left the oopy ot Mil- ton's poems. Soaroely knowing what he did Jim Bawling pushed the boob noieolesely within tho somnambulist's roach. Joo Belton took up tho the volume, and muttored t — - 11 Hence, loathed Melanoholy, Of Erebus nud blackest midnight' corn and then, with a dark expression of faoe and furions gesture, hurled the book from bim : Phil Oxley wasoonsoious that his hair was rising on hie head, and that he was as damp all over with perspiration as if the oabin had been suddenly oonneeted with a slow oven, . Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, but simply eat and stared. He felt that he was so rooted to the looker, that had a gun proclaimed a vessel in danger, tittle ebort ot steam power oould have lifted him to hio feet. Joe Belton oroesed the floor, and stopping short against the wall, leaned hie arm heavily npon it, and began to speak. » Well, Nanoy," he said. " yon know best. , I have tried to win yonr heart, not to steal it, like a common thief. You have allowed your ears to bo poisoned against mo by Caleb Bozo. He is my rival, and would eay any thing against mo. I swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rules the land and sea, that at tho time Bore says I was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta." He oeaeed speaking,' and raised his head as If waiting for a reply to his avowul, "You doubt mo," ho oontinnod, in the voioe at a strong man subduing bis passion. " I see it written on yonr faoe ; I road it in your oyoa. And it fen't doubt, Nanoy ; you want to find bd exeueo to get rid of me. Yon favor Caleb Bnzo. What I you say no 7 I say yea. "Weil I'll go; for I'd oooner plunge into tho eea with a Bhot at my heels than marry a girl who did not ploae her whole faith in me." Joe Belton walked away a fow paaos, and then turned baok again. " Toll Oalob Itozo to give me a wide berth," ho said. " I've always thought it was my nature to forgot and forgive, but I'll never forget or forgwo tho man whoeo lying tongno has blighted my life and turned my heart to gait. Toll bim so — tell him to k«np beyond tberenab of my arm ; and good-b?' noy— in the last timo good-fcgo." J . The samnambulist oroBaed tho oabin, and, paseiog out, wont ealmly baok to hio ham- mock, as if he was weary, and bis watoh be low haa just began. For soma momonto Phil Oxley and Jim Dawling did not speak, but at length Pml broko the silonao. " What— what d'yo think o' that? 1 no asked, eoarccly above his breath. " It's tho awlullcst thing 1 over eaw. Lor', I've got the pins and nuedleB all over mo I" " I think," Jim Dawling ropliod, " that the beet thing Grim Joe oan do is to go ashore and bco a dootor as quick as possible." "But the relief boat won't be hero for mor'n a week, and yon know the penalties for any man quitting tho ship without leave. Shall we tell Joo how ho's been carry ing on f" Jim Dawling turned tho qnsetion over in his mind for some moments, and replied in the negative, "What good would it do?" he argued. " It would only frighten bim and mako him the more miserable to think that ho had been walking and talking in hie Bleep. We'd better keep a oiose watoh over bim, and mention tho matter to the officer. He knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find some exause to get him ashore." It was a dark, wild Maroh night. The wind waB blowing bard, and the sea ran high. Every now and thon the lightning glared npon the ntorm-tonend ocean and the distant desolate ooast, and tho thunder roared as if tearing tho mighty piles ot olouda asundor. While Oxley and Dawling wore yet discer ning Grim Joe's boat of Blcep-wnlfclng, and promising to divulge it to no other man on board, tho hoarse roar of the foghorn rent the uir. An fast ns their feet oonld carry them, Oxley and Dawlingrnshed on (look, and they were quickly followed by Joe Beltun, who, having-slipped his legs into his elaoke, oom- pleted tho'ruet of his toilet, sailor-liko, as ho went to where duty exited hitn. " There waa a flare shown out south'ard," said the man who had sounded tbe alarm ; " and onoo I thought I saw a vessel, but at first I thought the lightning bad ddaeivod me. Look I look I There she is." " She's running on to tho sande," Joo Belton oried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, "and Heaven help hsr ana all on bottird if ohe doeoe't sheer oil. Keep tbs horn going, ltun. out the gun, and give her a louder warning, 'What does the aaptsin mean by running into the jawB ot dentb like this 7 He must ba either drunk or mad." Crash I went the report of' the gan. It waB answered by another, and a red flaro, whioh told its own story only two well, " She's lust her helm," Jim Dawling said. " Boo how she rolls and flounders. May the Lord eend the wind abont. I Ah, she etrikes I she strikos I Poor souls, they are lost, every onol" Tho guns were now being answered by an other lightship, some five miles distant, and ot ths nearest lifeboat station men were making haste to help the shipwreoked mari ners. Lights flashed, guns boomed, the fog horn soreeehed, and men shouted— alas, all in vain I The hapless vessel, driven on the sands, was doomed to destruction. As its keei atruok upon the treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thing in pain. And, as if in mockery, the wind howled londer, and its furious gusts drove the waves mountain-high. Sheets ot foam and surf flew over the lightship, blinding the men, who olung, abardely Drsathing, to the rigging. "Tho lifeboat will never reaoh her,"Bomo- body shbutcd. "Listqn.'V Amid the uproar dame the oraebing of timber, and thon euoh a ory of despair as made the stoutest heart sink and quake. " She's settling down, "Jim Dawling said, daring a momentary lull in the storm. " But see I one poor fellow has trusted himself to a spar, and is drifting away from the ship. He might as well place faith in n otraw. Heaven help us, we oan do nothing. Our boats would oraok like nutshells in suah a sea. 'l - At that moment tbe sky became ablaze with a terrlfio flsoh of lightning;" or gather a sucoeBsion of flaBhoa, and thoy showed tho despairing figure olinglbg with the strength of agony to the spar. His features were ae plainly seen sb'if a'ray ot limelight had boon turned on them, and even the coovulnlvo aotion ot his hands, as ho tried to pull him self higher and highor into tho tanglodabrd- ago, was vieiljlo. "Lads," said Joo Belton, polling his south- woater tightly over bis head, " I am going after that man, but) I don't ask aojCono ql;a;> hero to run the risk. It's my. affair, for' v. <«. .4. .1! MS y aimer uuttba .» AWMu greatest wrong I ever encored. I wans him to sea me before ho goss under. I want him to know that I have bad my revenge at last." , " You are mid," Phil Oxley orisq. " Joo I Joe I you are net yourself ; you are dream ing. Gap't you coo that you will bq'opnl- ihlttjngBuioida? AH that ahy man herb can do is tq Stand by, and fliflg a lifo-buoy tq tho poor wrotoh if ho happtns to 'puss this way." » Stand back, you. Phil Qxloy, and yon all," Joe Bolton yelled, enatabing dp on axe, ae tbe mon advauaed'towardq him. " Baqo or mad, I will havo my way, and I am going. Stand baok, I eay ; the ptan who thinks of trying to stop mo had better say hla prayers." "Good-bye, then, Joe," said Jim Dawling. " We're not afraid to do our duty,, btjt w are afraid oi doiugioolish, useless miis. Leek at the Sea, liutqn to the wind, and toll me u anything but a well-manned lifebdat oan live five minutes," " I don't oxpeot to oome baok," Joe Bolton, retorted. " I only want ' him to oatbhsight of mo, and I ehblf be satisfied." Aa ha spoke he aut away the dayits, and leaped into the boat da it plungoa into tho boiling Burge. The dietraotcd men thought that tho frail - craft and Joe Bali,«n and bbtlja drhv/d adder tbe llghl-ship, aA thoy raised a spontaneous shout as thoy saw tojiBtqrjnlidinbd wan pulling with all his'migbii. And thfen tliOy lost sight of hitq in tho trqngh of t)ip' mighty waves abasing os'oh' other in mail haste. /'A'"' " He's a dead man." Phil Oxley wailed " Bdt what bo'uid we do ? Ho'd ho,ye' kept hla word, and killed tbe first man who at tempted to stop bim. And now he's gbnb for over I I'oorJae!" But no ; the man bent op so etrango ap errand appeared to have A chqrnio4 life. Tho beat rodo tbe waves like a avion, and nearer and nearer it drorf ,to the opar with "3 wretched burden of humanity, uppibg against hope, ond crying in hnarttendin'g no- acuta for help Vrhon it seemedld'o earthly holp aould coma. When within a few yorda of tho downing man, Joo Belton turned the bladeu of fchp onto flat to the water cud loaned o'vor tho gunwale. " Caleb Bozo," he abouted, in a voioe that rose above the Wind and tho turbulont ooean, "You know mo. Look at mo, I am Joo Belton, tho man whoso hoart you killed— tho men whose bottor nature yon elow with your lying tongno. I have aome horo to use yon die, Do your hoar? I have aomo to aoo you dio." Roza was a poworful, muooular man, but hia atrongth wao nearly spent. Ho hoard Joe Belton's terrible words, and n ory ot anguish burst from his lips; yot ia that ngouy of doopair ho mado ono moro ef.'ort, desortad tho spur, and clutched frantioally at the bent. " Take your hands away, or I will boat tbonj of! 1" Joe Bolton ycliod. " Do you re member tho lio you uttored? You told Nanoy that I woe only tooling with bor, and that you hod soon mo in the aompany of my rani (iweotboart at Portsmouth. Away with you I Down, down, and drown liko a dog I" " Joa I Joe I" shrieked tbe frantic mnn, " it yon beat ma 00 it will bo murder. If you .have no pity on mo, think ot my wife and obildxen, Think how they will jnig_ u me, the breadwinner. Think bow- tbny love , mo, and how 1 lovo them. Oh, »t ia bard tol dio liko thia, almost j-) eight of home, IS God tokos my lifo, Ho gnvo it ; but yon are only a man, and uot my judgo. Hate mo an you will, Joo, but givo mo a alianoo, and' corn tbo thanks and prayers of innoaont children who havo done yea no barm — little; pbildroD who tiro ignorant that their fathorl over wroij) cd you in thought or deed." Tho vary storm seamed to hush its voioa that alio words of this nppanl might be hoards and tho man who find risked hia bfe to seel bis enemy dio beforo his oyos bsoame as si little obild himself. > With tho strength of a giant he pulled i Celeb Boze into tho bent, just aa a shoal from the men arowded in the rigging of tho wreak announced that the lifeboat was coming. He ewoonad, and the boat floated away at tho moroy of the waves, and the lost flash ol lightning— for tho storm cloudB were now ' roiling away — showed it indietinatly plung ing sborowards, oooupied apparently by one ' man, rowing as for dear life ; but hidden from view was anotbor man, who lay in animate, helpless, and a mere maBSof huddled olothing. » There was a rush to the Bailors' Home ak Shelleee, for ths lifeboatmen had done their duty nobly, and ont of all the crow ot the veBeel, now a wreak on tbs Middleetrand eauds, only one man was miesing — Caleb Bonn. The story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. ' It was told and retold, with many alterations and additions, end everybody was making np hie and her mind that Joe had first had his revenge, and thrown himself into tbo oeesn afterwards, when, oool ns a cucumber, Joe Bolton himself marched into the Sailors'' Home. " I want io see the chaplain," be said. " I have something partioulur to say to bim. i II any ot you- want a job, you oan take a trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to tbo lightship from Hove." The qhaplain lost no time in interviewing bis unexpected visitor, and learned from him that Caleb' Boze was not only safe, bnt by that time being attended to by his own wife ot home. " 1 couldn't face her," Joe Belton said, " so I sent him on by some fishermen. When I think, sir, how narrowly I escaped having the blood ol a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy. I will sit dawn a momont, if yon please, eir." I " Belton," replied tbe ohaplain, " you played two parts, but .the better one pre vailed. Bury tho past, and remember that we moitalB are over weak. To err is human ; to forgive divine." Thore are people down Hove way who will point yon out an old man wandering on the beaeh, with little ehildren hovering round him, and toll you that t he father ol the youngsters iB at sea, and that ho who watohes thom with so muoh tenderness lives in a cottage on the oliff, but eomes down every day for a walk with tbe little ones. And hia name is Joe Belton, who looks npon his aot of revenge as the best one he ever oerlarmiA ' in his life. 