S.S. Michael and John's Cathedral. ——♦—— THE NEW SANCTUARY. There was a large attendance on the ground at S.S. Michael and John's Cathedral yesterday afternoon, when the foundation stone of the new sanctuary was laid and blessed. The proceedings were opened by a procession in the follow ing order : — Guild and Hibernians, Con vent School Girls, Children of Mary, Patrician Bros. School, the Choir (alter boys included), Clergy, with the Bishop. The procession was an imposing one, and having marched through the grounds to the old building, a portion of which had already been demolished, the Bishop, clergy and choir ascended the temporary dais, and his Lordship proceeded to bless the stone in the orthodox manner. Father Dowling preached from the text, ' Go, therefore, teach ye all nations, bap tising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' He said ; Beyond any time since the begin ning of the world they lived in an age of agitation and unrest. The tide of wreck and revolution each day was carrying away some landmark that existed for ceaturies ; each day was engulfing in its waters some institution which we had imagined was dowered with, immortality. But amidst this wreck and ruin there stood one figure proudly rising frpm all this decay, there stood one institution that knew no change, and never loses an atom of its vigor ; and that institution was the Church of Christ. Founded 1900 years ago, it lived to-day with perennial; vigor — it lived to-day an enigma to its enemies aud their mockery ; for whilst they saw the proudest works of man's bands — ? the creations of cen turies — disappearing like snow be fore the summei sun, that vener able figure remained erecr, proud, and majestic, without a sign of decay or ruin, an enigma and a puzzle to them. But to those who believed the word of the living God, there was no puzzle or difficulty, because, written in the last chapter of John they found the words : ' And I am with you until the consummation of the world.' Here was the great secret of the vigor and perennial growth of the Catholic Church ; here was the power which kept her ever erect and vigorous before all enemies, and it was found in the words, that he who founded her is with her all days, even to the consummation of the world. Now, on a day like that, when they were, as it were, placing another monument in the path of victory, it would be desirable to review some of the triumphs of that church, and that for two reasons. First, just as the soldiers gathered around the camp-fires after the fearful battle recount one to another the terrible battles they have seen, or as the mariners, when the clouds gathered around their vessels told one another that their barque had weathered ' mightier storms, so they do to-day, first of all to cheer and encourage some, and secondly to give greater joy to others, should look on the past glories and the past triumphs of this Church of Christ. And just as the rock which towered amidst the waters might have stood many an angry storm when waves lashed it as if they would tear it from the very foundation, and yet that rock might yield to the gentle waves that beat in playfulness about it, so that church which had weathered many a mighty storm, that church which had stood erect amidst the wreck of thousands of institu- tions, might gradually fall under the ceaseless influence of every- day decay ; and he would would ask them to consider the two agencies that might act in the destruction of that church. He would ask them to consider first of all the efforts that brute force made to destroy it, and secondly how that church had stood against the insidious anil constant agency of heresy and other evils. And if he should tell them first how that church had stood against the attacks of brute force, where should he begin ? Thanks to God, the time had passed when agencies of that kind were employed by those who held one belief against those of another ; but still they must encourage themselves by the contemplation of the triumph of the Church amidst such persecutions, Let, them go back to that fearful tide of persecution which swept over the infant church, and they would sec from such consideration, that if the church, when an infant church fresh from the hands of the God who made it, was able to withstand all the attacks of that brute force, how much more certainly would she withstand assaults if they came upon her in the full majesty of her vigor. It would be hard to make them understand the story of the persecution of the infant church. The Roman Emperors, in pride and glory seated on the throne which infidelity had given them, them selves the high priests of the gods whom they adored, saw a handful of people speading themselves through the city of Rome,1 and these people were about to tear down the idols, empty the temples of the gods, and place another religion in their midst, Those Roman emperors knew that their power would go if the religion of their gods went, and therefore they summoned up their might, and said that it the new religion were a thing of man, if it were flesh and blood, and could be crushed, they were determined to crush it. All knew how those people were burned with fire, how they were slain with swords, and buried in the deep sea, and made to - fly into the bowels of the earth, and all to wreck the church of the living God, It was useless to tell them that all their efforts were powerless, and the day of the hour came when the crown of Nero and Domitian pressed the brow of the Christian Con stantine, and that the shrines of the gods became the temples of Jesus Christ, when the very Christians whom they had striven to trample down and sweep off the face of the earth, filled that royal city of Rome. The great writer' could tell the emperor that they filled the Senate, tbe market place, and the camp, and left only the temples of the gods. That was a great puzzle to those Roman Emperors, but it was no puzzle to them, neither is it a -puzzle to any be.ljevcr, for they knew that the secret of it all lay in the words of Jesus Christ, ' I am with you always even to the consummation pf the world.' But why should he go back to those early days, when even in their own land they had the wonderful triumphs of that church ? It was now not a 100 years since the first priest landed on the shores of Australia with the manacles of a felon upon him. He was the beginning of the Church of Australia. He was sent out for a crime which was not a crime in a certain sense — in the eyes of many there was no moral taint upon him. Looking at the years that had pasced, did they not see triumph after triumph and victory after victory since then ? Looking at that Church of Australia to day, with its devoted clergy, its bishops, and its Cardinal above all, it was one of the greatest churches in the- world, He wished to call their attention to one fact, that that day they were placing a link in the history of the Church of Australia. They knew that that church which stood near was one of the first erected in Australia. It was over 50 years ago since that church was built, and instead of those who worshipped in it tlu-n seeing any sign of decay in their religion, those 50 years had been marked by victory after victory. The whole church in the diocese was now pefectly organised, and it remained that day to erect and bless the sanctuary of the church that hid such old historical memories. He asked them to remember the fact that tliey wee placing a link in the history of the Australian Church. They were putting another monument in the path of victory, and they would look back to that day with pride when they remembered that they had had a share in its proceedings. Ha asked them to give generously on that occasion, because they were giving to a generous God, who never forgot the gift bestowed. They were asked to give to that part of the church which was the resting place of God himself. In the name of God, and for the sake of their religion, he asked them to give with open hands, and not to stint their gift. Every a rone they placed in that building would have a voice which would pray to God for them. The Scrip tures told them to cast their alms into the bosom of the poor, and in that very day it (the alms) would pray for them. And so the stones of that sanctuary would pray for them, when perhaps expiating their transgressions in purging fires; they would pray for their kindred and their friends. During their lives they would look with pride on t^at day when they helped to -give another proof to those amongst whom they lived and to all who saw their work, that the great promise of God was still being fulfilled and that throughout ages and nations He was with His people to the end of time. The rev. speaker delivered his sermon under great difficulties as the rain began to descend shortly after he had com menced, and he was therefore compelled to curtail his remarks considerably. The Bishop said that as unfortunately it was wet he would only detain them with one or two words. Some of them were not, perhaps, thoroughly aware of what they were about to undertake. They were about to build a sanctuary somewhat like the one originally designed by the Venerable Dean Grant; the foundations were there, and on those foundations, with very little alteration, the sanctuary would be built. He did not design to carry out the intention of his predecessor to build a new church, for with the new sanctuary their church would be large enough for all the people in that district for many days to come. There was no need to speak to the Catholic people of Bathurst to be generous, and he was sure that if all gave something they would have no need to complain of the heavy debt. Donations were then handed in to the amount of £350, and shortly afterwards the assemblage dispersed. Mr. J. Copemun, architect, has furnished us with the following description of the proposed new building :— The present temporary sanctuary and sacristy is to be pulled down and a new sanctuary erected the whole width of the cathedral and 38 feet long, the root of which will have a clear span of 48 feet, supported on three principals, thus giving a clear floor space of 1826 square feet. Three altars will be placed 10 feet from the gable and on a railed platform, with a screen at the back of same forming a vestry behind the altars of 10 feet wide and 48 feet long. A new sacristy, 28 feet long and 11¾ feet wide, will also be erected next to the convent-chapel and adjoining sanctuary, with a door leading into vestry. A gallery 18 feet wide and 17 feet long will be formed in the convent-chapel with handsome cedar stairs leading up to same. A doorway will also be formed in the wall leading from the convent on to the gallery, the latter having a seating capacity for about 50, with space for choir and small organ. In order to give sufficient air space the present roof of the convent chapel be removed, and a new one formed with steeped pitch, and in all the new works a thorough system of ventila tion will be carried out. The architecture will be in accordance with the present building. All the, roofing will be covered with slates, and surmounted with iron cresting. The end of the sanctuary will present one large gable contain- ing four windows with buttresses between. In the side facing Keppel-street there will be three windows, buttresses between each, similar to the present elevation. 