FUNNI0S1TIES, - What Could She Dd7 r '. ? »?♦♦ / If I kiaaed you would you bo ip« Dignant with mo — make resistance I ' . Flush and bluBh and order me in J* Tragic tones to keep my distance ? . ? Break your pretty voico in two Calling someone to asaiat yon — Tell me, sweet, what would you do, If I kisaed you ? If you kissed me I might scold you, Under certain circumstances ; ~' And at moro than arm's length hold yon. ' To discourage your advances. f '? But if none were near but you — * ;, As at thia minute — to assist me, t. Tell me, please, what could I do, h. , . If you kissed me 1 JS-. 't Fig — ' How do you like your new do* mestio ?'' \ Fog—' Splendid girl— roal treasure. Slit never has my breakfast ready in time, though,. You boo, she spends her early, morning hours in reading the paper, and you cannot imagine how consoling it is to ' havo hor toll. mo all (ho news while I wait for my breakfast.' ? i Amy— 'Did you tell Sue to go upstaira and compose herself ?' i ? m Mabel— 'Yea.' i Amy — ' Well, she's about) finlshr-'. She's put on her hair, jabbed her teetl » hor mouth, and is now laying on here .i ploxion.' 'What is a kiBB 1' naked she, With philoaophio air. ' A kias V' responded he, Approaohing near hor chair5-* ,;i ' A kiBs ia— er — ah, well, sffiK ' 'Tia pleasure, rapturo, bliss t *m! 'Tis moro than words can tell~ ' '' ?';' 'Tib this— and thi8 — and this I' .'.i,\ ' And now, children,1' aaid tho super' intendent of the 'Sunday sohool, 'if thero ia any topics upon whioh we have not touched in reviewing tho lesson, oi anv oointa about whioh you have doubt* in your minds, I ahall be glad to make them olear to you.' ' Mr.Grifsoripa,'1 called out one of th' little boys, '' what waa Adam's otht . namo?' ?????.?'.?? The world is full of changes, there is nr ? thing hero abiding. . , '. , All things are evanescent, Hooting, trail; ' Bitory, gliding ; - , ? .?,'?' Tho earth, tho Bea, the sky, the stare,. where'er tho fancy range*, : *?-.??? ???.?????? r Tho tooth of time forever mara— all life in ? full.of ohanges. ? ? .'?' ? ' Like'san^a, upon the oooan shore, that arr. _. forever drifting,- ' ; , ; So all tho fading Boeriea of earth inoe.' . aantly are shifting. V= .:' Change ruloa the mighty universe ; ther» £? is no poVor to' block it. ... -*;?, There's .change in overy thing, alas I ? ?'? cepfc a fellow's, pook&t;, % i Pho peoplo of Gyinpio will scarooly nooil reminding that to-day is Hospital Saturday. Mr. Paul C. Poulson, photogruphor, Mary stvoot, has hit upon a now, and, considering tho Hoar approach of Christmas, hapjiy iden. It 1b tho production of Christinas cards, composed ohiofly of Gyinpio viows. Ho loft soveral at our office yostorday, and they aio not only flue specimens of tho art in which Mr. Poulson has mado a name for himsolf, Vtwill form appropriate momentos to sond cji'rionds at a distance. Mr. Poulson also submitted two excellent photographs of tho northern part of Gympio, takon from tho Town Hall tower and Caledonian Hill respectively.; and two beautifully ? executed portraits on an onlarged scalo, ouo finished in oil, and tho othor by tho ordinary process. An ingenious return prepared at tho order of tho Colonial Socrotary shows that of tho spoochos delivered during tho past session if Parliament those of tho six Ministers jookup 35,697 linos of Hansard, of tho 40 Ministerial supporters 60,410 lines, of tho .0 Labor mombers 60,483 linos, and tho 10 Opposition mombers 20,0U'J lines. The influenza epidemic is still very savor atlDidsvold, and theEmpvoss.Now Hoightsof Alma, Lndy Augusta, and other Claims havo i nkon advantage of the total exemption from labour conditions granted by tho Minister for minus. Of tho Augusta omployoos oiio only has escaped the epidemic, and it is said that not ono of tho Alma or Empress mon havo escaped. Somo of tho plaeos of busi ness are closed, and tho Reporter will not bo published this week, the staff being down. Noarly 150 ohildron aro absont from tho Jtata school. The opidomic has also spread to fanners and others a fow miles from town. Influenza is prevalent both in the town of Bundaberg aud country, and several plantations have boon forced to curtail ?''Derations in consequonco. Tho complaint . ;r'.-.Uy affects those working at night, tho il'tBiiers in somo instances being largely afflicted'. Measles of a mild typo aro roportod by the medical men amongst tho juvonilo ? population. The rno.vslos opidomic has made torribto vXavages in the island --f Tongatabu (Tongan l.Tottp.) The normal death rato for Toiiga /tabu is 28.91 por thousand, but during tho ? past four months it has risen to 247.1!) per thousand or 20 .times higher than the mortality for Queensland was in 1892. The local authorities of Maryborough and Burrum aro not going to lose any time or ?wrangle over tho providing of a now bridge ?across Saltwater creek on tho road to their seaside resort — Pialba. Thoy have already mot and doeidod to accept a tender for tho erection of a temporary bridge, to bo com pleted at a cost of .£350 in tlireo weeks. It is to bo at almost the samo height as the ono destroyed, 12 feet wide, and built on sovon piers of two piles each.' A toll is to be levied to repay tho cost of construction. An interesting 'Labour' dovelopmont has ,akon place at Childors, near Bundaborg. I'ho Wide Bay Ncivs says that on Tuesday norting tho kanakas engaged in mding at Childors station struck work for lighor wages, as they had consulted among ..hemsolvos, aud camo to tho resolution not 'o work any longer for 10s. a week, tho vagos thoy had previously benu rocoiving, nit to domimd 20s. per wook. Tho lemand not being acceded to, work was sus jeuded, and tho farmers woro forcod to mako )thor arrangements. Next morning tho boys waited on the contractor for tho load ing and demanded tho monoy owing them, still rofusing to continue the loading under ?El per week. Wo loam that white labour has been secured ill Bundaberg to supply tho plaoo of tho kanaka strikers. The Supremo Court action, Purcell v. jMeston, for malicious prosecution, was con cluded on Thursday. A verdict was entered for Purcoll with .£50 damages j and in tho libel claim and counter claim for libel, vor jdicts were entered for tho defending parties. ! A shocking caso of suicido occurred in Twine street, off Wick ham-terrace, Brisbnno on Tthursday afternoon, John Stirling, aged 45, deliberately blowing his brains out with a iMimini-Henry rifle. Stirling had been a nKmibor of tho Police Force ; but somo throo weeks ago he was discharged, and tho matter seems to havo proyod on his mind. Com petitors in rifle matches at Toowong will lemomber him. as a successful marksman. He loaves a wife and threo children, of whom the eldest is a girl of 10 yoars, and much sympathy is folt for the family in their terrible affliction, Thursday's Courier says : — 'The Adavalo bench recently sentenced a man to six months' imprisonment on a charge of having obtained .£8 by false pretences. Tho bench also compelled tho defendant to restoro tho money. The caso was takon up, but as any appeal against the magistrates' decision would not only cost money but necessitate delay, it was decided to adopt a moro prac tical course than that of entering upon legal proceedings and endeavoring to got the magistrates' douision quashed, while all tho time tho defendant lingered in prison. It was accordingly agreed to approach tho Hon. H. Tozer, the Colonial Secretary, on the matter. Mr. Tozer was advised of tho . matter yesterday morning, and immediately perused the depositions. Ho considered that there was no ovidonce in tho deposi tions which coulu Biipport the chargo, and his opinion was confirmed by the Crown Law officers. The injustice of tho caso being absolutely beyond doubt, Mr. Tozer decided to recommend the man's immediate release, and the recommendation being con firmed by the Executivo Council, was at once put into effect. The death sentence passed on two Poly nesians at Mackay forth© murder of a Malay has been commuted to five years' penal servitude. 'Die Executivo Council havo decided to release under the Offenders' Probation Act John .Thomas Murray, who received a sentoniio,,of two years' imprisonment at Marylyerough in April last, for embezzle ment. ? A camp bolonging to Mr. Ernest Warren, licensed surveyor, with all its contents, was destroyed by fire last week at Quarry Oreok, near Stan well, Kockhampton. The loss amounts to about .£120. It is supposed the fire was the work of an incendiary. The Hon. W. H. Wilson (Postmaster General) was married on Wednesday af tor- noon to Miss Rose Harding, daughter of Judge Harding, It is understood (says|Thursday's Telegraph!) that another arbritation case in connection with contracts for railways in Queensland will shortly 1 '..commenced. Tho claimant is Mr. M'Sharry, who was tha contractor for tho Bundaborg and Brisbane Valley railways. Disputes have been long pending in connec tion with both contraots, and it is probable thoy will bo settled in the way indicated. The name of tho Hon. J. Thornolofl Smith has been mentioned as sole arbitrator, and tho proceedings will be novel in that tho disputants will not bo repreaontod by the legal profession. Representatives from each side will conduct the respective cuses. The proceeding will be roportod at length for tho use of the arbitrator, and for that purpose the services of two of tho late members of tho iiajisanl staff have been secured. In Sydney in pronouncing n-deorne nisi in the divorce case Bailey v. Bailey which dis closed more than usual brutality on tho part of tho husband (the respondent), Mr. Justice Windeyer expressed his opinion pretty freely about the conduct of the man, who had been in tho habit of beating his wife and knocking her about in un inhuman ? lnannor. Ho used to batter her face with his fists until it was black, and one day lie hammered her on the head with an ink bottle. The judge said it was wonderiul how women, when they had been treated in theArutal way in which the respondent had treated the petitioner, would try to shield their husbauds to tho last. It was tho nature of women and it was their glory. His experience in court had taught him that Women would often, after tho most inhuman conduct towards thorn by men, ovinco a tenderness of feeling that was really marvel lous. It was angolic. Sir Matthew Davios, Mr» F. Millidgo, and Mr. T. B. Muntz, under committal for trial in connection with the Mercantile Bank oaso, have been released on bail on their own lurotieaofXlOQettoh, Mrs. Phillips, tho wife of ono of Glasson's victims, und who was nearly done to death by tho murderer, has arrived in Sydnoy. bho hovered for days and week's bobweon lifo and death, and at ono time it was thought tho groat shock and tho awful wound slip recoivod would bo too much for her. Tho caroful nursing and tho attention bestowed on hoi' by hor Oarcoar friends, pulled her through, and now (writes a Sydney corros 'PoudentJ sho is ablo to movo about. A friend who has soon hor since her arrival in Sydney says she looks very pale — moro liko a ghost than a human beings Hor face is pale and bloodloss, and hor eyes sunkon and lack-lustre. It is not to bo wondered at, poor woman. Sho has had an awful experience, and how she got through it, goodness only knows. It is thought hore that tho City Bank will give hor an annuity. Somo say the corporation will bo nice and put her down for .£300 por annum. It is to be hoped so, for oertninly though poor Phil lips was unable to dofond himsolf, ho did all 'ho could to provont tho bank being robbod, aud ho lost his lifo in tho defence of tho Corporation property. The investigation of tho affairs of tho South Molbourno Building Society has re vealed further alleged frauds by tho ox Boorotary, Larkiu, now in prison, to tho amount of .£-10,000. In consequence of tho territorial revouuo of Victoria having fallon J358.00O below tho Treasurer's ostimate since tho beginning of July, it has boon docided to press the selectors and Crown lessees for arrears of rental, which amount to ovor .£000,000. Mr. David Wilson, tho Victorian dairy expert, will shortly loavo for India. He wiil bo accompanied by an ollicerof tho Customs Dopartmont, who ? will carry samples of Victorian produce, for which Mr. WilsDn will seek a market. The following caso of imprisonment for poverty's aako and a wife's devotion to her imprisoned husband, wo take from ' a late English file :— 'The Doputy Coroner of Liverpool held an inquest on Woduosday as to the death of Mary Banks, 33 yoars old,' tho wife of a joiner. Tho husband ascribed tho death to a cold the deceasod had caught in convoying food to him daily whon for 25 days lie was in prison at tho instance of the Livor pool School Board for not paying school fees. Ho had been out of work and had no monoy, nor could ho afford to send for a doctor until too latu. In reply to tiio foreman of the jury an ollicor stated that tho husband was' im. prisoned for not paying 2s a wook for tho maintenance of two of his fivo children in an industrial school to which thoy had been attached. Tho jury found an open voulict acquitting tho husband from blame.' The Adolaido Detective Ollico have sont to Brisbane an account of the findim' uf tho body of a imirdored man in the Murray in October last, in tho hopo that some clue as to his identity may be supplied. Tho conferring of the franchise on womon is producing new olectionooriug dovolop monts iu at least one coustituoncy (Innn gahua) in Now Zealand. AVhilo ono candidate is ingratiating himsolf with tho hulio3 by pro viding tea for those who attend his meetings, tho othor goes 'ouo bettor' by taking a fiddlor with him who after each mooting starts danco music. — Tho goneral elections havo icomiuoiieed, and Mr. Seddon (Premier) and Mr. ,)'. G. Ward (Colonial Treasurer) havo boon elected unopposed. The OitiaiN op Staroiiinq. — Tho course of history carrios us back no i'avthor than the year 1504 for tho origin of starching in London. It was in that yoar that Mistross Van Plasse camo with hor husband from Flanders to tho English muti opolis ' for their gieater safoty,' and thoro professed horself a slarchor. Tho best housewivos of tho timo wore not long in discovering the oxcollunt whiteness of tho 'Dutch liuoii,' as it was called, and Mistress Plasse soon had plenty of good payiug clients. Some of those hogau to soud hor ruffs of lawn to starch, which sho did so excellently well that it bocamo a saying that if any on'u sont hor u ruff made of a spider's ' wob sho would bo ablo to starch it. So greatly did hor reputation grow that fashionable damos wont to hor to learn tho art and mystery of starching, for which they gladly piicl a premium of £1 or X5, and for tho secret of seething starch they paid gladly a further sum of 20s.. A Madman in a Cathedral. — A scono in ono of tho late Francis Adams's recent poems wns almost literally roalisod in tho Anglican Cathedral, Adolaide, on Sunday, when an old caro-worn man, holding a bunch of withored flowers in ono hand, walkod up tho aisle and sought to stop tho communion service, crying that he was Jesus, whom thoy crucified, and that tho sacrament was, therefore, both unnecessary aud sinful. Two of the uiombars of tho congregation soizod him by tho arms and a minute later he was led away by tho police. He made a long statement in tho police court announc ing himsolf as tho ' Son of God,' and ho was referrod for modical examination as to his montal condition. He has long lived in Adolaido, and his name is boliovod to be Chnrles West. 