Ghost Story. A correspondent? of the Iiondon Daily tfews •writes::—Sir Richard Owen has two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was, perhaps, ;the bettor of the two; but its quality can Bearably be judged of <when detached front tho peculiarly expressive style the old ' professor had, which added a charm to his telling of the story. In his early days,, when he hdd tho post of surgeon to tho prison at * Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post mortem as well as on inquest was necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put inihe coffin, and the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at tho time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to * the cause of science. In the evening he returned to tho prison with a blaok bag con taining a brick—from his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where the ooffin-Iid was unscrewed, and screwed down again. Daring this process the brick and the negroes head changed places. The ground outside tho principal entrance to the gaol has a considerable descent; and, the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when ho slipped and . fell all his length—the hag went from Itishand, and tho head tumbled out, and rolled down tho , paved way. Ho jumped up, caught the bag, I and, follpwing the head, clutched it just as it I finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Poshing it into the bag again, ho vanished but of the shop with all the speed ho was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to hiB usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a •fright the night before that had caused him to look wild ana dazed like. Tho man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who bad been in •many adventures among the ,West India iBlauds, when many deeds were done that did ; not at that time require to be accounted for. ' Among these had been the killing of a negro in which ho had a hand, and the transaction had loft a touch of trouble on his conscience. After , giving these details the old captain told of the / horrible event that took place the night bofore. 4- Ho was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it bo chanced that he had been thinking of the ^ negro, when suddenly ho saw his very head roll into tho shop in front of tho counter, and it v was followed by the dovil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. The devil snatched up >rthe head, and both disappeared through tho .earth like a flash of lightning. Tho description was perhaps not quite complimentary to tho younjy anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far ' that it showed that hia identity had not been recognised. 1 