ANSWERS. Anyone desirous of a description uf clinraclur liy means of this charming art tins only to enclose ;m outline uf their hand, with IS! penny stamps (addressed '? Ze jo,' Clipper office;, and the de scription will appear iu this column. Any iiueuious individual will devise a reudj menus uf outlining— for instance, the old method of nmuiug a load pencil about the hand and lingers while the palm is turned dowu on the pupcr— will trive satisfactory results. It would be us well to fill iu the principal niarkiues or hues of the palm so as I o give more data. Letters containing coin must he registered. Want to Know.— Friend, there is a limit to the uses of all things — you send a sketch that plainly reads eighty-nine years, and ask what trade or profession you will enter. If you were a young and flghty thing of sixty or even a staid person of seventy, there might be some foundation for hope, some room for enterprize, at eighty- nine one ventures to think that you are enter ing on your, second childhood, and the trade you are likely to succeed in is that of ;he dear old man who sits by the fire and tells romances about big youth f ul good ness, his numerous victories, his personal .beauty in early manhood, his persuasive eloquence and wicked fetching eye. By this means' you will gain a place in the memory of the rising generation as a man of considerable imagination, daring, fancy; and unequalled cheok. ? ? . ' ~ . . Milk.— What made you -use the butter pot in order to get an impression ?ofjfoue hand?. Are you in.jiie ^bi^i(pf,^tjhffl| your hand greased ? Toil have hot sufflf dent personal force of character to whee^. anything heavier than a barrow along the* weary pathway of life, ttiereTis' bo' m'ufch water 4n your ini Ik friend; a lack of spirit that shows you to be one of the blue crowd. The best thing you can do is to get your hair cut, eat beefsteak anh give over court ing. You would not bo suited for a life -on the 'jQceao wave' as the captains are very pronounced both in their views and language, besid esthe mated wear boots, heavy boots and the stewards are not always prayerful men, in fact they have a playful way of throwing plates at the heads of what they call long haired lassies. On the job. — Angels and ministers of grace defend from all such transparent rascals as your palm bears out. On the on ob — I should think so, fowl stealing prob bably. You lack reverence and would annex the feathered belongings of a parson. Take advice aud reform at once, or the ghosts of slaughtered roosters will hunt you into the gloomy place where the fowl stealer resideth in wearry in? garments of sombre hue. You are too lazy to be in a hurry over anything less serious than running away from a con stable, One of the best things you can do is to try and be respectable — get washed, for instance, and invest in a penny worth of soap. 