English Proscribed. A Sanitary Board in the Transvaal has forbidden the use of the English language in its discussions. In keeping apparently with this resolu- tion the burghers are holding a conference to consider the question of the adoption of a united policy against the foreigner. These announcements are curiously suggestive of that prejudice and stub- bornness, and, it may be added, stu- pidity, which even observers not in- clined to form an unfavorable opinion of the Boers have recognised as un- mistakable characteristics of the race. The Boers have never been willing to see facts, however plain they might be, so long as they happened to be unpleasant facts. Now, one of the facts which admits of the least possible doubt is that the Boers must ultimately be absorbed by those African settlers to whom English is a common tongue. The language of the Boers does not stand the ghost of a chance of holding its own. English will as certainly predominate over it even on its own ground, as English has, say, over the Spanish, which was once the prevailing speech among the settlers of California. On the other hand, to be sure, amidst the dead levelling tendencies of our age, some sympatny may be spared for a little community that shrinks from the idea of being absorbed and obliterated altogether by a more powerful one, and which clings to so distinctive a national heritage as its own language. The feeling may un- doubtedly command a certain amount of respect, but, for all that it is a purely sentimental one. Considerations, the reverse of sentimental, must at the same time obtrude themselves. Friction and annoyance, from which in the end the Boers will probably suffer most, are not unlikely to be brought about by this somewhat absurd edict against English. The anti-English note heard from the Transvaal, by-the-bye, recalls a more remarkable one of similar import, which was once sounded in a more famous republic. Shortly after America had declared its independence of England, and when a friendship between the United States and France was cemented, it was seriously pro- posed that the teaching of English should be discontinued in the Ameri- can schools, and the ingenuous youth of America encouraged to make a general study of the French tongue. The philosopher Franklin was one of those who seriously dreamt of acclimatising French as the national speech of his countrymen. But there was little of philosophy in the notion that such a scheme was practicable. The "Field and Garden Reminders" for December appears in this week's issue of the Town and Countey Journal. According to the 9 o'clock reports this morning, fine weather prevailed at all stations in New South Wales. At a few places cloudy and hasy conditions are re- ported; but there is no rain. Light and calm winds prevailed except at Byron Bay, where it was fresh from the north-east, and at Newcastle,w here it was fresh N.N.W. The sea was smooth throughout. POND'S EXTRACT for Sore Eyes.— 0. Thursday's Customs receipts amounted to £6260. POND'S EXTRACT for Bruises .... 