AMATEUR ACTORS FORTY YEARS ACQ. Hont7 S£amlot was Spoiled oa 2£mas Svs. The amateur &t; his beat is conceited, and affords immense amusement to those who have been through the mfll. If he is an amateur singer he generally considers he has the best voice in the world. It he ie em barking oa the mysteries of yachting, he considers his own knowledge uf wind and tides better than the experienced one. ii-t the iauitfi of both are concentrated in the amateur actor. Zh^y are all threat men in their estimation, and crtly waiting the turn ot that tide which 'the Immortal' iias buM ' If taken at the flood leads on to fortune.' These gentlemen always prefer a ^ood long name. The longer it sounds the better the/ like it tiixiy years ego a class of amateurs were in existence wno contributed much to the amusement or the good people of Sydney. 'I hey were recruited froui ail classes. 'Iheir huai quarters were situated in the neighbor hood of the old Qaeen's Wharf and Bridge street. It consisted of a locgrambling place, oacc a species of store, and the manager of this u Theatre' was a swivel-eyed, pock marked, rei-sockcd individual, bearing the high-soundiugnameof Montmorency Eiphin slone. Bernardo, better known as Jack Brent, a lawyer's messenger. He was chosen for this particular position on account of his knowledge of the law and a bs^ef that every oue associated with the law must of neces sity be educated.- The gentleman who aspired to 'leading parts' was one Launcelot Burdelt Eemble. better known by hie employer, a draper iu Lower George street. as John 6pool. He was a tall, thm, consumptive and ambitious man. An idea had entered his bead that he was predestined to be a ' star actor,' and it resolutely refused to leave bis cranium. He was particularly ignorant of everything except theatrical iu \- telligeuce, and of this he appeared to have a good store, from the days of Btiiy f?hake tpeare down to his own. His great delight was to tell theatrical stories, and recite pieces from Shakespeare, from behind a foaming pewter of ale. lie was oifcnJed with you if you called him ?' Us. tipool.' ' Kemblc is the name I prefer to be ad dressed by,' he would majestically answer. And that voice of his. it was a de^p, hollow voice, and he pumped up, as it were, the words from his stomach. The effect produced strongly resembled the notes emitted from a bassoon blown by a man taking his first lesson. His gait was very much of tbe style affected by fifth-rate actors who played the heavy villains in melodrama. Mr. 11. E. Bernardo had decided tbat his amateur company should given performance on Christmas Eve at their tnealre, and chose for his play—' Hamlet.' Mr. L. B. Kernble and the other members were told lo appear on a certain night weeks before the performance, to arrange matters to success fully carry out the undertaking. The cupidity wnich lurks about a lawyer's office had seized even this humble runner of messages for an attorney. Tho day arrived and the company was present. An empty flour-barrel turned on end served as a table, ana a candle stuck in an empty bottle was the only light in the room. 'Now, ladies and gentlemen,' began Mr. Bernardo, ' You know all these under takings arc fraught with great risks— 1 mean in a financial way. Money is wanted to meet current expenses, and 1 wish you all to understand that you will have 10 contribute something towards the initial cost of pro ducing Bb&kspeare-; sublime tragedy, 'Hamlet.' Now, Mr. Kemble, what wiU you give for playing the name part— that of Hamlet, fihakspoarc's greatest creation ? ' Two pounds ten shillings,' answered Mr. Ivemble in deep sepulchral tones. 14 Too cheap for the honor,' returned Mr. Bernardo, ' spring another half-crown.' Mr. Kemble consented. 44 Now, Mr. Morton Lafezenne, do you think you can procure a robe in which to enact the King if I let you have him at a low figure f' asked the manager behind the empty flour barrel. * Well, I dont know JLhat 1 can,' replied hir. Lafezeune (Jem Gull, a porter), ' but 1 t: 1 ^ou what I can do. 1 can get some rattling good tin-foil, and if Mr. Kemble will lend me his cape, I'll stick some round the otb'C. ari that, together with a crown and 'ir.\ v. ill produce & most striking effect.' i\ in r,-D» Hess to say that Mr. Kemble pro «s cloak— -anything, in tact, as long ns ho lOuM itrut on tbe stage as Hamlet. The bRvasiiB then went on smoothly, two youa£ v. ci doubtful repute, but hand some appealer, being cast tor Ophelia and tbe Queer,. be first grave-digger however, 44 bucked ' at h'* figure. 41 Come, 1 eay.t-1'- .nan,' said this interest tog gcntUiTdwn, wtc was a blacksmith's apprentice, 'Voir £3.;lrin't expect a man to play pich a bit u v ** ''hi^racter as that, and find 'is own skull ' That's too much of a good thing.' 'It would only cost, you tho price of two melons— sixpence ' curved the. manager, 'and melons make gran.- trulls.' 44 Only sixpence !' b.^^ned out Mr, Kemble. 'Then I will. K'.-r the expense myself.' Two new aspirants to Ton or had been enrolled, and to them was out rusted the two Danish soldiers. To them ih-o manager ad dressed himself in this wise.V 44 Gentlemen, many aec^iftve worked for years at their professio^^nore they have been entrusted with &uch;^H»ortant parte as those you have this eve^H received. But there is a something thaj^Hls me that my confidence in you is not i^Hnced. Gentle men, prove by yourpers^K&ce;, care, your attention to the business of the stage, that you value my confidence, and I assure you tbe happiest day of my life will be when I nee you enacting the part of Hamlet before this hoUBe, filled with the elite of Sydney.' Then he paused and shook them warmly by the hand, and said, 44 I will let you off with £2 apiece.' The greenhorns parted with the two sovereigns, a&i; afterwards congratulated each other that they were singularly for tunate men. Rehearsal after rehearsal followed, and at last Christmas Eve arrived. Thcbouso was well filled, among the most noticeable persons beingfour bullock drivers, better known in the country as v bullock punchers,' Two dogs accompanied these gentlemen, and among the audience were a number of retired pugilists, dog- fanciers, etablc'boys, boot-blacks, sailors, fruit ua where, and members of other professions, ' too numerous to mention. The orchestra consisted of a drum, concertina and triangle, the whole of the instruments being operated on by a single performer. '* What kind of house is it ?' asked Kemble of the manager as they talked in the dressing-room (a small space partitioned off with soogee bags). 41 Capital,' returned tbat individual 44 the whole of tiydney is here. .My worcf, 1 do envy you, Kemble, this evening. Never a man had a better show in Lie life. But what made you tell mc you had bad shaped legs ?' he continued, smothering liis laaghtcr as best he could, for the legs presented a most singular appearance, so studded were they with lamps. 44 By St. Raul's,' continued Bernardo, 44 tbey are a pair of the finest calves 1 have ever seen in the whole course of my professional career.' 44 What! Cannot you perceive?' asked Mr. L. 13. Kemble. 'Perceive what ?' asked the manager with unfeigned surprise. 44 That they ate padded,' ? answered Mr. Kemble. 41 Padded,' cried the manager in surprise, ' I would have staked my professional repu tation against a worn-out shilling that tiiey were real. But come, the audience grow impatient' be added as one of the dogs gave a loud bark. ' 1 will be with you anon,' returned Mr. Launcelot Burdett Kemble. l'he manager had scarcely left the soo-gee hag room when lie met a email girl, who said tbat ber brother would not be able'to show up that night. 'Not aule to show up!' repeated tbe manager. 44 What the dev:l do you mean ?' 44 Why, sir,' explained tbs modest maiden, 44 there's a whole lot oE people come to stay I at the hotel, being Christmas, and Biily'6 got two dozen pairs of boots to clean, and the 4 $ru7oor' says he won't let him go until he does them.' Back rushed tbe infari&tcd; manager to Mr. Kemble with the news. 'Hullo, old fellow, .what's the matter now?1* asked tbat talented individual. 14 Matter enough,' returned the manager. ' The '/itfixl'i! cmE In lit-nah ten ilo7i-n n.iir. ftp boots, so ho won't be able to appear to night.' 'Two dozen pairs of boots,' murmured Mr. Kemble, much after the manner in which tragedians eay 44 Three thousand ducats ia the 41 Merchant of Venice 4,lVhxat'6to be done 1' '? Nay, I know nat,' answered the mana ger. ** unless, indeed, we read ihe ghost's part from the corner 01 the wing.' 'Ob, happy thought, ' broke in Mr. Kemble. 'Comealong, Kemble,' urged the mana ger. 44 Hark !' uni there were low cries of 'Come now, look alive Iheie. Up with the rag.' 44 Kemble,' ' Lem ole, ' and loud bark ing of dogs, and rap-tap-lap-tap. 14 Now then,' shouted tee manager a? they got on the stage, 41 Is everything ready.' 'No,' answered one. 'The Queen's gone to borrow a petticoat irom Ophelia.' That auristy ended, the manager again asked -4 L everything ready?' 'Yes,' was the unswer. Then he pat the question uvice more, and tbe third time information came that tbe first grave-Jigger was absent, 'it appears that tnat interesting comedian 'took the lend' of his matter's pick aud thovei, aud had been caught in tbe aeEjUiid bamiedoverto the police for larceny. It was perfectly useless to go on any futther, eo the manager, who a shrewd, wide-awake individual, told Kemble he bad belter tell the audience, on his behalf, that,, they could not proceed with the periormaocs that evening. Mr. Kemble sot willing to lose a chance of showing himseil before the curtain dressed as Hamlet, made the follow ing eloquent speech: — ,4 Ladies and gentle men,— I regret to inform you, on behalf of the manager, that we will be unable this craning to perform Shakespeare's sublime and lovely tragedy in five acta, entitled 4 Hamlet.' But you, us well as we, are aware chat it will be impossible to proceed whilst i&boring; under the disadvantages that we are at present subjected to) The ghost, L may inform you, has not made his appearance to-nigkt, and has sent word tbat he will be unable to do so. Tbe first grave digger has been hastily enrolled into tbe Eervice of Her Majesty. These, together with sundry minor inconveniences, oblige us to throw ourselves upou the mercy of a Syd ney audience, which is famed for its indul gence.' ' As he finished this touching recital, he retired amid a shower of 44 bullock punchers'' oaths and orange peel. And ibis ended the attempt to produce 44 Hamlet' in Sydney by an amateur com pany forty years ago. 