HIS OWNACCiUoSER. BY HOUTGHTON ; TOWNLEY? (Ad;thor of" Pszcd.") (Published by SpeOial Arrangemont with Messrs. Ward, Lock,.and Bowden, Ltd.) OHAPTER XXI.--( Oontinsuer.) The warders paid no heed to his cries, but froth a cell not far distant .he heard an echoing shriek' of. some poor wretch, maddened and desperate like himself, who, reaching at last the Send of all patience and reason, was tearing at the. bars. of his cell door, calling alternately upon God and Satan to deliver him from bondage. The heart.rending cries of the fellow "':sufferer, aroused by the contagion of another's fury. acted like magio upon Phil, reminding'"him that his own suffering was nothing compared with that of others who had perhaps been years in that home of despair. He slunk away from the door and threw himself upon his bed, olenching his hands, holding himself in check lest he too should go mad-too soon. CHAPTER XXII. SJOB OASSIDY TO THE RESOUE-TWO BUL LVETS AND THEIR STORY.--HOPE AT TIaE ELEVENTH HOUR. :..One morning some time after the ;'trial, as Pauline was sitting despon ;dent and wretched in .her room, Martha entered rather abruptly. ' There's a strange man below wants to see you, miss, about Mr. Phil, he says it is, and he won't give any message. He says he must see you, miss, and I believe he's drunk.' ' What kind of man, Martha ?' ' A rough- looking labouring man, miss, who sometimes used to come 'with letters from Mr. Phil.' 'Is Dr. Marsh in the house ?' 'No, miss.' S:Show him into :the consulting room, Martha; I will see' him there.' Martha seemed to have doubts of '.the advisability of admitting the : drunken person, but did as she was Itold, and Job: Cassidy, for it was he, wias ushered into the late doctor's room. He had not long to wait 'bofore. Pauline entered, looking the ghost of her former self, pale and sorrow stricken, but calm and queenly. Job pulled off his hat, and twisted it round and round in his hands, stam mering out a good-day. After that his sblf-possession loft him entirely, and he stood dumb. ' You came to say something about M?r. Iaynor ?' said Pauline. ' Yes, mise.' ' Do you come with a message from him ?' 'No, miss.' What is it, then?' Job looked cautiously round, as if to asuro himself that nobody else was prcEsnt, and stammered out 'I've come about the other chap 'e daly Markham. It was'i as did it, miss, or he was in it,' ' S?Vhat do you mean ?' 'It's on my consoience, miss,'though I'm paid not to open my mouth; but I must. When I seedyou in the cburt a*orying, miss, begging your pardon, I couldn't keep it in no longer. Ihad a brother, miss, what was 'angod,and Iit was his doing. My name's Cas sidy.' ' I cannot understand you. What is )it you wish to tell me?' 'M:i'', Mrealy Mlarkham 'ad an 'and in that shootin' business for which Mr. .:iJaynor got seven years, miss.' - Paulino was puzzled. ? D ( o you mean that he was aware of 'Yes, miss, and that ho did it.' It was some time before she realised :to the fall Job's statement, but when a lshe did hei eyos flashed, ' Do you moan to say that Mr, Ray ; nor did not commit the crime of which he naccoused himself ?' 'Yes, miss; but until I hoored in court as the young gentleman didn't iremomber doin' it, and only woke up to fnd it done, and aoousdd hiself, I didn't see things clear, I thought they both 'ad a 'and in it, ' miss, and I was paid to keep shut on the busi. noes, SBy whom ? I cannot understand "·you.' 'Hero qltick intelligence noted an obrnesti'oie and- evident .sinoority in. tho man's: manneor, This was no 'draukon raving, buIt a message of faint ...hope . o. " Well, miss, its'lilko this., My poor biother Will was ?angod for poroehin', and I sworo to be even with Mr,. Markham, and I mean to,:too, I don't like'ulm, I dont . '. ''Ygs, yes, but about the shoot. ,.ng P'- , ,: SWell, miss, young Mr, Iaynor give mo a job woodiu' for many weeksl up at the 'All, when nobody olse didn't .think ma) rospoetablo cos my brother was 'augod, and one day I overheard ' Mealy Markham and Mfr. Raynor Squcarrolling about the shootin' of Mlr, WilIdo, Mr. Markhara accusing him and him.not donyin' it, And soon after :'I found a gun hidden in Hanol Wood '-a gentleman's gun, miss, not a poachor's-an' I sos to myself, "The owner of this 'ore ann't up to no good," I didn't move it i but me and my pal Niclry Nobsoa wont to look at it one evoenrlng about dark, and while we was there the owner of the gun annie along steanlthy likeo, and we noold hh pull the gun out fromn under the bush, IMy mate dashoes aftor him in the dark and grabs hold of him by the neookio, and he turns round sharp and firnts, and the shot, a nast y, ugly one, lolged in my boot, oHe got cloar away, leaving his neooktlo bholilnd hi, From tlhat neoktlo we found out it was Mr. MiarkC. ham, and it wars is gun, Well, he tlursn't tako the gutln away out .ot the wood, Ho left it ohhil him lgin, aind after watchih' and sooeldn' we found itl aund id it, and spotted ]dm Eomlulo ngin to fluind it, and told him if heo'vanted :it wewould find it for him fdor' ? hundred pounds; and we did, and .he paid -us. I'ni afraid it ain't dons me no 'good, miss; .I'im too fond of a drop of drink.' - ' But how doyou connect this with Mr. Raynor?' ' Why, like this, miss. I ain't no scholar, and I ain't iclevsr,: but talkin' it over with my mate we, come, to the conclusion that Mealy Markham had bin doing something with that there gun as he was afraid of, and I couldn't believe as Mr. Raynor shot 'is friend, coUild you, miss ?' :'No, I could not. I' begin to see the drift of your statement. Go on! go on!' she cried, clasping her hands. ' My mate, he's cleverer than me; he says that Mealy Markham must have shot at the young gentleman when MIr. Raynor and Mr. Wilde were coming home from the "Stag," and Mr. Raynor bein' made so drunk woke up, and finding himself beside the dead, come to a wrong conclusion, and accused himself of what he didn't do.' 'Yes, yes.. I see-I understand.' 'If you could show me the young gentleman's gun, miss, I'might be able to help you. My mate says that Mr. Wilde was potted with a shot like this 'ere, miss, which lodged in'my boot.' Job drew out 'from his waistcoat a small round shot . 'This 'ere,"he said, turning it over in his grimy palm, 'is the feller shot to the one which finished off Mr. Wilde, I'll swear, and what's more, it ain't the sort of shot Mr. Raynor ever had in his gun, for I've cleaned it for him afore now, and I know. And if so be as any one can remember the sort of shot that Mr. Wilde was took off with, and they was to look' at this 'uni they might be able to make a pretty good guess at the man as shot the young-gent, mise.' Pauline glanced at the little piece of load and shuddered, She remembered i very well the fellow one to it. 'I keep it for luck, miss,' added Job. 'Look .into the little brass vase behind you,' she cried, 'the shot is there. I saw my father put it in that vase.' 'Your father, miss ?' 'Yes, my father wis the doctor at the inquest. Don't you understand?' Job olumeily emptied the contents of the little brass vessel into his hand, and picked out a dull-looking bullet. He placed the vase and its contents upon the table and, with the air of an expert, compared 'tho two pieces of lend. 'That's the feller to it,' he said, after a moment's pause. 'They're both the same bore. They came out of the same gun. If you can show me Mr. Jiaynor's gun, miss, I'll bet a level fiver it wouldn't take either of thein shots. I know his gun. I've carried it for him afore now. It's a smaller bore. Those came from Mr. Markham's gun, a Scotch 'un. If Mr. Phil had been shown this shot he would have known in a minute that We didn't do it.' Pauline, overoome with emotion, sanlr into a ohair beside her. 'Heaven grant that you may be right! There seems to have been a hideous mistake,' said Paulinoe. 'Poor Phil! what agonies he has suffered. Mr,-I don't know your name.' ' Job Cassidyr, mis.' - ' You must come again and tell all you have told me to Dr. Marsh. This man Markham has been swindling and robbing Mr, Raynor, and Dr. Marsh is doing his utmost to bring him to justice. Ho hopes to have him arrosted very shortly.' : It roequired very little persuasion to make Job promise to assist in unmask ing Markham, 'oHe was made for the gallows, was Moaly Markham, and i he'll swing there yet,' he protested, as he left the houseo. 'I'll come back agin, iss, whenever you want me,' As. aeon as he had gone Pauline paced the room excitedly, This new revelation, coupled with her knowledge of ?Markham's swindles, eupplled such a plausible solution of the wholo dlroeadful business, that she could seoarcely trust herself to dwell upon it, for fear that when the cool brain of Dr, Marshli caom to be brought to boar upon the subjoect, the whole fabrio might orumblo and loave but a ruin of disappointed hopes. .0HAPTEiR XXIII, ?AUJINT4 'TAiCES ACTION-- ARKTIIAcM 18I 81IADOTYIOD, 'Lor, what a stato the young missis is in I' eoxclaimed Jimmy, some timo after Job's myatorious visit, He was sitting on the kritchoen table dangling his logs, wato?ing Martha makeho the p 'stry. 8ho seems to have.given up grvog, and has boon ordering me about all the morning fetching papeor anrid pens and posting letters and flvo tolograms, and gotting newspapers, and Dr, MFarIsh has boon giving me iustructions to toll all the pationts Ie's Sout." Unporfossalonal, I call it, Thor,'s something up. Ho seems to be off his head, going about the house ?vhistllng, and humming as though thiro was going to be a party. And who do you think one of the telegrams was' to ? " Lou, how should I know ?' aid Mfartlha, plumpliig downa hanidful of lough. 1Mr. Stamnoro, asking him to seond down a dotuctlvo at onco,' said Jimmy, in a soloma whispor. Lor l Alin't they done with that droeadful business yet ?' said Martha, DPoor Miss Paulinel it'll be the death of hoer. I aon't got her to eat any thing nothldg will tenmpt hotr,' ' I don't know so much about that,' said Jimmy, 'she eat up all the biscuits m the dining-room this morning, and she's been drinking sherry, and Dr. Marsh has been drinking whisky, and both of"-'em are up there writing away sheet after sheet as though they were writinigfor a wager to see how many sheets they could cover in a given time. I even see Miss Pauline laugh once. ' Lor, sdmething must have hap pened. There goes the bell, Jimmy.' 'Another patient, I suppose, to be turned away,' said Jimmy, loftily. The caller was not a patient, but a rough-looking countryman, who was welcomed eagerly by Marsh, and sho~n'into a side room. He was the man employed by Marsh to shadow Markham. ' Come in, Harris,' he said, and then as soon as the door was shut, 'What news?' 'I've followed the man Markham everywhero, sir. He was at the court yesterday, and this morning he has been going about the town buying a number of articles of wearing apparel. From appearances I should say he was getting everythipg-ready to bolt if necessary.' (To be Contnaued.) 