' \j A Coalbnggiu Mystery.' ?y. About iliroo yours ngo Potor Stein, a linrcl liondod, practical, frugnl Qorinnn, soM pro porty lio poasosso.1 in tlio AVnggft district, nml, with Ilia family, enmo to Dulibo in sonroh of land. lie and his son Jncoli, a young man now 28 years of nge, took up tiro /irons of 2SB0 acres ouch on tlio Cunl haggio. Tho selections are on tho South Kallndornn run and rathor isolntod. Jacob's solootion is on tho southern part of tlio run, nnd them was when taken up nn old hut upon it. In this at first livod tho family, consisting of Mr. nnd Mrs. Potor Stoin, two adult sons, two adult dniightors, «''l Bv0 youngor ehildron. With tlio family a young man namod Dalpy canio into tho district. Ho hod boon reared by tho Stoins and was as ono of tho family. Ho was much at tnohod to thorn and they to him. Jacob do torminod to build on tho sito of tho hut, while Poter commoncod tho ori-ction of a commodious rosidonco on his land, about throo roilos nirny. Tho Stoins woro, lioir ovor, no sooner settlod down — tho father and tho family in thoir now houso and Jacob at liis hut— than tlioy heard at night strango voices, loud coooving, nnd awful screatnings. Thinking that tlioy procoodod from oithor tainted travollors or homeward proceeding soloctors, more merry than sonsiblo, they took littlo notico of thorn. Tlioso sounds woro heard at intervals, a fortnight or throo ?wooka intervening botween thoir occurrence. Tlioy, howovor, took placo so rogulnrly, for thoy woro nt ono time honrdat Jacob Stoin's and again nt tho fathor's, that tho idea of noisy roystorors, making night hideous with thoir rioiso, was givon up. About 1 8 months ago thors iroro further dovolopmonts nnd, according to tho family, strnngo manifesta tions. Tlio furnituro in Potor Stein's houso bocamo as possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and on ono occasion tho crash of crockery was somothing decidedly oxtra ordinary nnd uncanny. Mrs. Stoin was baking in tho kitohon ono day, nnd nftor sho had her dough propnrod to bo plncod in tho ovon an invisiblo hand caught it up and tossed it on to tho floor. Thoso things, or akin to thorn, havo knpt on from tbon till now, but with the furthor development that tho porson responsible, whotlmr spirit of heaven or goblin dnmniid, has frequently intorviowod nnd bos had conversations with sovcrol inombors of tho family. Evidontly tho prosonco is not of tho rogulnr typo, for it does not wait till tho ' witching hour ?whon graveyards yawn nnd ghosts troop forth,' but comos along in broad daylight »nd talks to a family who nro now somowhat torrified, as may well bo imagined. In reply to n quostion from Potor Stoin tho. invisiblo visitor has said that his name is Goorgo 'William Ilorbort, nnd that his mother, who was namod Annie, and his sistor, who was called Julia, woro burnt 'to death on tho South Balladoran run— that his fathor died in tho Cootamundra Hospital 18 yonrs ago— that ho (tho spoukor) had boon bit upon tho hoad and loft for doad upon Clio road, that ho had boon saved, and bad Biibsistod upon herbs and woods. Upon being asked to show himself by tho older Stein ho ronliod that if ho did thoso who 'saw him would faint, for thoy had nevor saw anything liko him boforo. Ac cording to tho Stoins— nnd nil, from tho fathor to tho youngest child, toll tho samo round unvarnished tale — tho visitor somo timos speaks in a gruff, manly voico and .eomotimes as softly as a woman j indeed it ?would bo difficult to distinguish his voico ?from a girl's. Tho dogs about tbo placo r.6oem to know whon it is coming. Although : -theSteinscannotscoit,thodogsnppoarto havo that powor, for thoy bark furiously, and ono particular dog goas nearly wild with foar i-and oxcitomont. About a fortnight ago ? things reached a climax and tho invisiblo ono performed all kinds of pranks. It cast -tomahawks and knivos about with tho graco -of an Indian jtigglor and linsnt pots, chairs . nnd otbor articles of domostic ooonomy. Ono might whilo tho family woro ongncod recit ing tho Kosary— thoy nro Eomnn Catholics .and retain tho simplo devotional habits of ?tho Bhinoland— tho tablo round which tlioy Jaielt was suddonly liftod towards tho coil ing and thon allowod to como down with a Iionvy thud. So annoying havo boon tbo manifestations that Daloy, tbo young follow who camo from Wngga with tho Stoins, has loft tho placo. Anothor man nnmod Bowdon' omployod by thorn, hns also loft, saying that if ho woro givon the selootion ho would not livo thoro. Tho wholo thing is cortainly niystorious, but, howovor the sceptical may \- bo inclined to laugh at it, thoro is not, our informant stntos, tho slightest doubt that every ono of the family thoroughly boliovos what ho tolls, nnd ench, from tho youngost child to tho father of tho family, hns tho sarao story to toll. Mrs. Stein, who is an linglish lady, with notondonoy to tho supor stitions, is as convinced ns sho is of hor oxistonco that tho piaco is haunted. A few days ago, at Potor Stein's request tho Tory Eov. Father Byrno visited tho soleotion, and though during tho night nnd day ho ^ spent thoro ho saw or honrd nothing, ho in vostigntod ns far as possible tlio affair nnd is thoroughly satisBod that tho Stoins nro bo lioverstlmtthoy aro boing annoyed by a powor which can net materially, tnlk like a man or woman, all tho timo boing invisible. Tho affair is oxtraordinary ' and a sonrching in quiry should fake placo.— DuUo Dhpatch. A Family Name.— Unmmvooloo is Mr. Frank Bucklnnd's pot numo for a bnby hippopotami!*. Tl o °ciontifio question of tho dny is, whotlior-it is any rolnlion to tho Ournngoufnngnbufcobnngyorhnbocmotto, tho family namo for tho pnntomino ape? SiN'Gur-.in Case of Instinct. — About a wook since (reports tho Jiraidwmd Dispatch) ns ft constnblo in this district was coming homo from ono of his oiucifil visits, n small torrior Ann. tl-0 | inporty of an olil ronn lvlio livoil about a miln off tho runil. enmoto him, nnd by his notion induced thn constable to gotothoold miin's Iioubo. On arriving Ihoro ho Eaw tho front of tho door swopt cliiitu nu-[ tho door shut. ITo thon called out, without dismounting, and dotting no oil-* pwor concluded from tho Gtato of tho garden in front of tho iloor that tho occupnut had gouo to soo 6omo t-f his neighbours. Six days aftor, not plios,'tho conslnblo bcoaino slightly unoaBy, and wont to tho hut again, on ontorltip; which ho found him lying on his back, rlpm], in front of tho firo. extremely probahlo Ihnt ' Iho poor littlo animat did itebost to report tho du.ith ofhis master to tho conatablr. It scorns hard to account for his action of'canino instinct, if it might not bo callod almost IIoixowav's Pills.— Though goon hoalth is preferable to high houour^how rogardloss pooplo hittorr^tany 'suffer'' tSr 'strmBth0 fc 'drain of tho facilities affordojf by thoso inoomparablo l*ills of chocking th6,ffrst untoward^ symptoms of derangement, and reinstating order without intmforing in tho ;loast with Iholf plonsuro or pursuits. To tho young ospocinlly'it is import ant to mninbiin tho highost digostivo efflcionoy, with which tlio growth is stunted, tho muscles boconio Inx, tho frntno ffloblo, and tbo . mind slothful. Tho romovol of all indigostion by theso Pills is so easy that nono savo tho most thoughtless thoy would pormit it to Bap tho spring of lifo. — Adv. . / Watch for Dr. P. Waro /Dentist) rtho last Saturday in ovory month at Prince of Walos 