THE SINS OF THE FATHERS, BY KFEITII VFEMING, Author of "lly tile Night's Express," "Can Such Thlighs hi?" "At thle Iloventh HIour," etc. [COPYRIOIIT.] 011APTIRIt IX. (CosnTIscr.) An imaginatiitve mind might easily nttey the air full or the departed-that olt there in lho duarkness, otl this night specialy their own, the mnigihty ghost of the deed-that mlllitihudo that "no man can niunber"-wrerstled t llln groaned in lspiritual pain, nllingll, pleding, contend ing witlih man's dsllish unconsciouslness and forl'getfulless, to be reIlemlbered; lmoanling alnd shrieiig in their despair. inl angulih ait finding themsoelves comii. pletely Ilotted oiat frol the omemoories and tie hearts whellre they l?d fondly hoped and blieved they would reigni for all timeo anl eternity. Yes, surely this soilent, weird night's dat koness is peopled with their iystic, unseen plresence. Coliunig alu goiiig, swiftly, sadly, the rush of their splirit wings gititates the air till it seems rtet as if with temppost those eerie s.llls od sighs, that seeimc to fill till nature, thrlolbbing and pulsatinig olut il tihe lhllhle void Ireyoid ollr windows are the wild lalment of thoso desolate forgotten l!lones. Theiy ask notlhing of is, those plealing, pitiful, sorrowing dead nought ofi os time, osr wealth, or fat' e, or coCfoit I they only crave not to be quite forgoitltenll, anld mouIllrn whoen they find on these yecirly visits e'rtllwardols that eoven ilemlor'y-imoret less love or yeiltning eniiolt allord thloli the siulltst niche in its cold sllrehoiso. ilit this is rwanldelrinlg far frott the groulp of noisy, gay, youtng revellers gathered in the pictlure gallery at Arden lranige, imltpatiently awaiting their cap tlin's call. " Iow lonr g allb is," complains little Oracifrey,'tetitll, sile beinlg onu of those who holid given in anld voted for an ad. julllrntlllell t. "So Ilntch tile better," says )ick, trimpllhlnntly, "it will give ico all the llor fun to lind her, Illbies, like you anid lreddy,"'glhcing calotelipluoisly" at I tllese two younlllgest nllemlbers of the plary, "llhave no lsiess to cooie anld I splloil el' spolrt gettliing tirnrl at Ilotlhing tit till, I'l sure if I were you Freddy, I'd lie las, iltedi of myself to knock ilnder whelln ic ali's sicll tl'llolp," " But ?imb's fi lbig girl, and I'mi otilya little hotr," whimpesl ? M.ster Freddy, I halh'-cryinig writhl crosces and faltige, t Iaid iutterly uliljupre-sed lby the force of I)ick's cirglltlcent that miglht hltave tohld upOs a bigger boyr II "Ocnly it little baby you Illmean,"l cos ' Iick. .\ind then ll all s silent waitin a for Mah's call; blt il call Couetes. Th'le?y lihlget olliilt ihllpatieully for a l mllilutes, Why) doell 't site shont ? Whliit's the ie illf keceping themli waiting si lonlg \'Was slle ilaying ai trick oil thieitl, ervicing tllem out for rebellion ? Or, canl theyier have misi, her call ? o, they' have been straining their I ecarsaill the tlict', lanld evenl the willl could II toiot drown that shrill, sweet cry, which, b of colltlr, shli wloulh rcpeat again andll t again, until silci heard her faiitlfcil troops s cOlllming to releale hier froct captivity. Ii 'lThen they draiw r'hser tocgetllcer in that at ollg dici gallc'ry'; the wind haits teut- a ipor'arily liuled--one of tllos stranlgel t suiddenl lpatcses that so often occur dltring i the heighit ofi a tempesCt's raginig, and si eetlt aIs ielliccplicable, whelin t o. i leaf i!appears to stir-anlld if that woidrolis invisible eleiment 'vere gatherinig iup all its forces--" tacting brenlth"--prcepara tory to ci renewed oluslaghllt. "'Tl Is ht the rest of tilhe wind betwceen the lawcs that blows." T I ow iei ribly silclnt sce?ls all that part e of thie loiuse e A\ feelilig of eerines and llonelinesl g creep? it amticog the chlildren, why, they a coullhi inlot ?a'i, as thery stanid waiting for w Iltllltl's stralngely Idelayled slcmmoincOlhs-a cc feelinlg enhanced by the tired (I aecie lld bl FIreddlly setting ip a dismal, hopeless, o tioultciollno cryilng. " Enough to take cl the iheart oct of cc fellow," cis Dick elm- i ph?tica~lly declares too the rest of hbid, n wcl loo) ol ol him aIts their leader, vice al 3ltliel apparentlcI ly irsicgleold. We'll, I sily, this is a 'eall go," lie tl salys at lant, ill aggressively clheerfil is tones and in hichngicgtie imore eXpressive It thalct elegactct, feeling himlself called olt to I say socmethig. I " I vote we skeldddle, there's no use ai lit staying heri' all might, W?e cat p hollol whenil we get oulside, and when I Mllu lindls that wo ice not coming to look \' flr Iel'', sle'll sooci clllme pleltilg alter X 118, 11 "1 sic)' Didc," says hisi collsil Tconl, a s yai'rt ycunger tlhan hlitself. " Dol't ycui cc thlilk tlhat Mali las icSct Iaid uts out, Ily si giing h:ik to thle ohiers on the sly ? I'll ti lbet you sixlpetice we'll tinl Iher laiughllg 'I it its ill tle rled dllawilig-roosl,"' sI the inner riooll of tile stately suite is called. re At this llgesticcion tihere is aI genernl sc stlcmlpcde; cielholr tlhis great, dimly.iti lit, silelct gallery, with thle portiriits ofl cldPeall alnd gone Alrdeis gazing dowin with ii shalldllry fates ol tllese their niceteeiltI tl eituriy cIseCeCllllltccs, till these juveniles ii w ittit rla e ftlar, ' t I that thiley are no loelcger ll'lcld bIy thie coivictiilc of u clhbel's icar plcacice, tho.ugh what tchat v paoor little, ihictrteel-year'-olI girl couli ec saveo tlchcil from they rwold be plUizzled to p tell. Even Dick condclescedcls to rni bit Itl wslhei they gut ollt into the corridor they Ic tactse, ond thie three eltder boys shout I ithl thie ll iowier of their Ings, .intil thalt lote, wret wilnug resoilitds wsitli the thie girl's namec, but--nll in vail. a Tl'hoes glooliy' echoes thrncw back the p ilonotsyllIble--"o hlab," but ito itore c no Iright, girlish voice resltonds tc their elaitiorous lceall. e "It's a becaslly shalcie I" cries Dick, ii 'wrathltcly. " I never tholnght that Mab would play eit ciclele a shabby trick it's ilownrilght imeant, and wolr't I tell her g so. t And thlen tlhere is a scishl of ying feet, tlhrough iicllicy ec.riidors anldl passages anid snirwnays wlcich never elacken till they reichl tcie door of tile l?l?g drawing- I rooll, whlich oielles oiu the great corridor thrclgh whiich tliey had PIcoed litlle ciiira liinn asi hiour ilgo, so hlilariolcsly, so joyously; now thly are breathless, ccale-tnced, and resentfil, wsilue traeio llld l"reLddy sob covlclchsively as they v bring IIi the rear at a sharp trot. |lilt Whllec thiey ciiih thiroligh the i brillianit rloollls and, at last, burst into l thi faIlthest acid slnallest of the site- whero thie sort of solein hush tlhaUt hlad falleen iit the story-telling grocp, at the conllcelsion of INolllraln Leslie's sonlowhat eerie tale is aot qulite dispelled, though iold Mr lccrre'oughs, ililthelieving as ever, tries to shose the supreine folly of nttcnilictiig to lrove tilitreO reslts, of t irOllhesyingI fIttre general good from ally higlltlar isolated case like the one I iljoledI--no Mlabel is to be seen ! Whore is lshe ?" asks Dick, in digi?antly, looking round with searclinIg, scathing eye of reproof, intended to annihilate the offender. Then one and all they tell the story of their wrongs to the Squire, all talking together, all more or less incoherent ; but tie genial old grandfather-who, truth to tell, is delighted at the interruption, having no taste at all for either horrors or scientific marvels, and to whonm ar. gument on any subject, save perhaps his pet hobbies, "the Land question, Rights of Landlord and Tenant," etc., is a r weariness of the flesh-langhs nd rubs t his hands glefully. t Mabel has served them rightly and punished them for their slflishness in keeping her so long in that cold west wing, and away from all her friends, and they will see her no more to-night, he says. She is just tired of them, and gone right off home to her mother, as she often does, without saying anything to anyone. "Did site tellyoun sh was going, sir', asks Hugh Denver, who is standine near, listening with undisguised interest to the children's story. "No, Mr Denver, she did not," re sponds Squire Arden, but I know the little girl's ways," with a fiond smile. SIlBut surely," remonstrate; IIugh, with a grave face, " Mliss Arden would not think of venturing out alone, un attended, on such l a wild, lhrsh night as this 7" "Wouldn't she :" Iuigls the Squire. "Youa don't know olabel if yon think that, Slhe's a lhardy, wild flower is our little M3ab, tlhouglh she looks msore like a fragile hot-house blossoma. Besides, the outing is not very formnidable, some where about two hundred yards or so. Youe know, or perhaps you don't know, that her hoime-the Arden Dower IIonse-is quite close; you may have noticed this afternoon, when driving out here fromn the village, a pretty, straggl ing, many-gabled cottage, about a tifth of si mile from the Grange gates-that's it, but the rear alhost abuts on our east wing; so it's but running next door, after all, one might say," withn an amused smtile, " My poor sister-in-law is a sad invalid, and is scarcely ever able to yen tisre got of doors, and the child gets uneasy about her mother when away fromn her, sand riuts otf without our ever knowing anything about it. If it's early in the evening she turns tp again later on; if not, we see hier no more for that night. Sihe's a strange girl, our MSb, not quite like other girls-though at deuced deal better tlhan most," lie adds, sos to re. "And yon think, Squire, she's gone Ihome, andi that we shan't see her again to-night ", says IIugh, slowly. "Thinking implies a doubt." smiles the old man, who guesses pretty well how matters stand between his favorite I niece and this dark, handsome stranger, and is now secretly pleased to watch the I clouding cver of that thoughtful brow. I "I don't thilk, but I know. To morrow, however, is my birthday; you I see I am fortunate, and amt nieled in quite comfortably withl 'tll the Saints.' g 1 ought to feel suds rarefied eomlsanion- I ship slightly overpowering, but somehow s I don't," lie said, with his genial, kindly laugh. t A tnd Kathlrine, Imy sister-in I law, has promniised, if at all equal to it, r to make an effort to join as--my family t are foolish enough always to make a t little festa of these recurrent mile. I stoneas-?sl if she comes she'll sleep, as she dalresn' venture out at night, so there'll bIe no fear of Miss 31abel play- I ing teruant when hier mother's within t sight," (To be cotslilued.) ullLL I t 