PLAIN TALK. [By Ollatod.] mayor McKobcrt retires after complctin; "'hat he has himself very accurate! described as a “ record year ” ia the Mayor ship. He looks with satisfaction upo: the fact that ho has “ created ” a new par of the character, namely the exercise o some influence on the current politico thought of his day. Advantage has heel 1 taken of the opportunities offered in tlii direction to the full; and taken with a viev to helping on the interests of Williamstuwn The invitations to visit the town which tlr .Ministers of Health, Customs, Public Works Defence, and the Premier have in tun accepted,have enabled Mr McRobert to shov his qualities as a host ; and Mr McRober undoubtedly (shines in that capacity. Tin Age, in the course of a slashing leader on Thursday, did not forget to remind tin Premier that the first inkling of the coinin' struggle between hitu and Protection was given at the Williamstown mayoral dinner, And why not '! At the mayoral dinnei last Wednesday evening, fitting allusion was made to the Mayor's successful year. Councillor Cullen who had been strongly pressed to accept the Mayorship on the previous day, was emphatic and handsome in his praise. Mr Croker was there, too, looking radiant, though not quite so radiant perhaps as in the days of the laud boom —u lien dinners were the rule and not the exception ; but his speech (was as catchy, witty, pithy, and suggestive as any of his best after dinner efforts ; and it is generally conceded that, as an after dinner speaker, Mr Croker is bard to beat. Wlmt contributed to the effectiveness of his effort was the fact that Mr Carter, fresh from Parliament, had preceded him. .Mr Carter spoke in his most dreadfully earnest, tones and could have been easily hoard in the street. H e looked the reverse of happy and it was easily seen with what perturbed feelings he regarded the dissolution which ho said was imminent. A friend sitting near me remarked how well he got oil' all the Premier's best platitudes about the fertility of the land and the wickedness of the press —especially any section of the press opposing either the Premier or his everfaithful .whip. Of the two, I don’t kuow which is the readier to makcuso of the press upon occasion —though the man who beats the member at it easily takes the championship. But it is one thing when a paper is with you you see and it is quite a different thing when it is against you. Anyhow, if Patterson had been there and heard the member, he would have declared “By Heaven lie cohoes me”—as Hamlet said when lie met his father’s ghost. The political situation locally is in a state of ferment; and “ the dark horse,” so often spoken of in vague fashion by the Advertiser, remains in safe seclusion, just waiting for the signal. If one of the horses already nomina ted is considered equal to the pace the “dark horse” will he scratched—if not, he will come out and astonish folk—with a pot of railway monoy (and hang retrenchment) on his hack. Some people think the election will he what footballers call “messed up”; but I don’t think so. Those who are pulling the strings on this occasion have taken part in elections before to-day and they generally have a pigheaded notion of going in to win. On the present occasion, all the knowing ones in the trainers stable say there is only one thing really certain and it is that the next man to represent Williamstown will get an absolute majority of votes or ho shan’t be in it at the finish. A minority vote will not win next time. That is all they say ; and moreover they will take their own (measures to see that there will he no possibility of doubt as to the result. 