THE HEIR OF BARfH. CHAPTER XII— (Continued.) The Doctor was considering liow Tony Pettigrew might help him. in this emergency, ' -when Tony made it easy by coming to liim for assistance. ' , ' . 'Doctor; I've gone and done a' fool tiling.' 'And what is' that, Tony ?' ' Why, I've got married !' 'Tlien I want nothing moi'e to do with vou! I'll have no man meddling with little private undertakings of mine, who has a wife to gabble to or to coax him out of my secrets.' ' This isn't that land of a wife,' growled Tony. ' I was a little elevated in my mind, doctor,- by reason of a few drops of flip, aud my ideas had been onreasonably liankerin' after some .one to help me op my work up there . at the cem't'ry; Any woman of sense can open gates and rake up grass and take orders, and before I knew it, the knot was tied, and I'm that sick of it. ' Why,' cried Tony, in a 'burst of fervor, ' I'd rather leave the work to go undone, lior rely on her to do it. W e don't agree at all, and she gets the best in every ?disagreement!' . ' In that case, get rid of her,' Tony.' ' She says she'll go for three and six a week. If I give her that reg'lar, she vows she'll riot hang round me. But, doctor, I'm not up to three and six steady. My little ?wage from the cem't'ry is gone at the Pot and Kittle for flip and other little necessaries, be fore it's earned !' 'I'll pay her three and six weekly for three months, Tony, if— ' 'Don't, doctor, don't go a word fui'der. Stop there ! Don't add the if. Tour ifs, doctor, they're a whole mail-coach ! I'll pay her the three and. six for three months, say you. Thank you, says I. Let it stop there sir. If you was writin' of a penny dreadful, you couldn't find a neater spot to end up a chapter— no more you couldn't.' ' Why, you long-tongued cur, do you think . I'm going to pension off this woman for , you as an act ' of mere charity ? If I say if, . if ? Tony, (/'you will write a letter.' 'Land alive, master, I'm no 'fist at writ ? ? ing—' ' A letter to Lady 'Barth— ' , 1 . 1 ' Saint- George awrf tlie dragon, doctor, I'd be jugged for my impedence — ' ? ? ' And tell her,' proceeded the doctor, re ? morselessly, ' that you stole her child because \- of spite at Sir Giles, who had imprisoned yoix \- for poaching; that you .are very sorry for the deed and would have returned the child, only you .were afraid ; and it was well -treated, but has died of measles — ' 'Doctor,' howled Tony, 'I never can! What's your game ? If you want me out o' the country, jist say so. I'll go, be a waga . bone on the face of the earth — my sweetheart's just nigh drove me to that, as 't is ; but, doc ? tor, askiri' me to blame myself of kidnapin' ? an' all that, an' let-tin'. a child die o.' measles, ; it's too much !' : ' ^ ' Nonsense, Tony ! ? Lady Barth is. so rest less about that child that just to feel satisfied ' that it is in heaven would greatly settle her mind, and — ' . , ' But — ' I couldn't go so far as to say it was in heaven,' remonstrated Tony. 'Tut ! The rector will-tell her that when you tell her it is .dead — ' , ' But jui-ies, doctor, juries— they are dread ful down on givin' babies free tickets to heaven—'. - ' See here, Tony,- all you are to do is to get ? a dirty, old sheet of paper; write on it that ? ?story, in your own way.: It's a bad way, and .all the better for that. Then slip the letter at night, under the front door of Barth House. You are not to sign youi'- name or .mail the letter. No one can trace it to you by any means. Lady Barth will feel her mind more at rest; and I will pay off that woman for three moths.' '' , ! -? 'But what be three months, sur ? Then ' she'll be back.' ; ? 'Not at all, : By that time she'll run off ?with some other man. Why, man, it's a trifle— no danger in it — a mere act of charity. There, go hunt you a shabby sheet i of paper, iand get your letter ready, and bring it after ?dark for me to see;' - ?„?' ? 'Hero's wot it is to be a poor cove !' mourned Mr. Pettigi'cw. ' Now I know I'm on my way to a summary conviction.' '.'?The biitler of Bartli House found next morning a, square, clumsily folded, dirty letter lying ? under the fi'ont-dooiv Concluding that it was some 'begging epistle, he committed it , to a servant.' . , ?- In ten minutes this wretched document had thrown all. Bartli House iri disorder with this ? news : ? ? . 'Mt Ladye : It do cut me to mi art to sny as I .wus the won as took off your hubby. It was al.l -along of Sir giles ns sent i l.o prizo'i — as no gentle man o lighter do for the tnattor ov a hair. Wots hairs fur but to kill my ladily i am sorry I tuk the ' habby uu treattd im like a icing as he wanted fur \- cothin only to av the measles as He tuk em from ] mi couBins babby an died in a weok an i am sorry I i ever tuk bo. So n,i liddy dont morn no more He is dead an no chil could die a pleasuntur death of - measles «n berried nice too an forgive i an i will do better nex tym.' 1 j And now was . the mystery solved ? ? Myra Barth, for tho moment, felt tlie burden fall from her.weary heart. Was she all guilt less of this .child's loss ? Oli, good news ! Oh, joy! , .CHAPTER IX. ... ,'I'IIE ERUOIiS OF TONY PETTIGREW. Tlio epistolary ^olfort of Mr. Pottigrew had , tho worst possible effect on Lady Barth. The intense excitement occasioned by; tiie letter reacted in complete prostration. ? V : ir sno.iiacl cherished any hope of findin'o her. child,, that hope now fled.' Her mind hung over the idea, of her child dm»mn» but .the months* of its baby- life among paupers and poachers.^ -Blows, hunger, cold, neglect *— these slio pictured as ..lior idol's portion ; and by a strange mockcry of fate, as the jubi lant laughter of her own unrecognized child echoed in her ears, sho was torn with anguish at fancies of his suffering, death, and burial. To give even Satan his due, it must be admitted that this result of his letter was startling and unexpected to Dr. Wriglcy. \- His unemotional heart had really snpposed that Lady Barth would feel at rest about her son when she heard that lie was dead. When Doctor Bricc announced that Lady Bartli had but a few days to live, Doctor Wrigloy had some very uncomfortable, mo ments over his last move in his desporate game. A family and legal council had been held over the letter of vTony Pettigrew.- Doctor Wrigley, as one of the family, saw the letter, and he had no hesitation in ficcepting it as a genuine document; and only wondered that tliey had not more thoroughly searched for the child among the enemies of tho late Sir Giles. Mr. Mollodew and certain exports and eminent counsel believed that tho letter .was not written by any one who had taken tho child'- or knew, anything about it, -There was an untrue ring about the epistle. Why should the child- thief risk detection by writ ing this ? : If the child .were dead lie would have let the matter drop. Doctor. Wrigley, to. his horror, found this view gaining ground, and discoyered that his letter was likely not. to further his own plans — :not to convince any one that the lost Sir Rupert was really dead, but merely to rebound upon hisx secret soul, in the knowledge that by it he had hastened the death of the un offending Lady Barth. , : The letter of Tony Pettigrew .had .affected Myra almost as intensely as Elizabeth. ' She reviewed all the incidents that surrounded the child's disappearance. ' She lived aridrrelieved her, dream of that terrible night. Could it be that she was all along self deceived, and that she had had nothing to do with tlie boy's loss ? This absorption in one idea produced its legitimate result— from pondering her . dream all day Myra re-enacted it at night. She rose in her sleep, dressed herself as before, and went out; but the central room -of Barth House, the ill-fated nursery, was locked,' arid Myra's dream was so altered that she merely paced out her of own dwelling, having tried the door of the nursery, walked then to the reser voir, stood an instant by its brink, deeended the slope, and retraced her steps to her own room, or rather to the hall leading to it. But while this was all Myra's part in this return - of the dream, other elements and people that night entered into it. Unknown to Myra, Ailsa had registered a solemn vow that her young mistress should no longer sleep unprotected arid at the mercy of her wandering fancy. Ailsa had removed her cot eacli night to a recess in the hall near Myra's door, and had fastened to the door a fine cord that, moving with its opening, would strike an alarm under .her own pillow. Thus, as soon as sleeping Myra, wrapped in a cloak, opened the door of the chamber, Ailsa aroused, and, wrapping a cloak about herself, followed her mistress. She saw Myra touch the door of the silent nursery ; she traced her steps out into the night. Why not, then, awaken her ? ' ' Ailsa, like many others, had a rooted superstition that if a sleep-walker were aroused, the instant result would be death. They must, she said, wake up of themselves or die. She also trusted that Myra, returning unconscious of lier expedition, would continue in ignorance of it. And another of Ailsa's ideas was that somnambulism, known to its victim, was more likely to return. ? Ailsa, therefore, followed her young lady — not from curiosity, but from faithfulness ; and fearing that if Myra woke the sight of a second party would alarm her, Ailsa sheltered herself from discovery by keeping on the other side' of a hawthorn hedge which ran along tlie path. Myra, walking in her sleep, wrapped in a black cloak, looked taller' than ever; and,, certainly, as she pursued her destined path, with silent footfalls, her head held high, look ing straight on— seeing nothing— never re garding the road by which she' came, but moving as in full .day, she was an eerie and alarming spectacle for a .stranger to en counter. As has been 'said before, a road leading direct from Clematis Villa, tlie retreat of James Wrigley, crossed this path from Barth House to the Willesden Reservoir. Just at this juncture, as Myra was return ing on her unconscious way, Dr. James Wrig ley and his subaltern, Tony Pettigrew, drew near this crossing in deep conference. Wrigley and Tony were probably the ' hand joined in hand' mentioned in the Bible in connection, with iniquity. In one' way : or another the doctor and Pettigrew needed ?many private meetings,, and had come up this rural walk, feeling themselves quite safe in i tho night, lit only by a crescent moon low down in the sky.. Ailsa Wallace was safe , out of I sight, and whatever light there was, foil upon I the crossing of the roads, when Tony— for | Wrigley was creeping in the hedge shadow ana. looking clown— saw jliat tall, dark, stead ily-moving being, and, like his cousin, Timmy Titlow, mistook it for a ghost. ? He slunk back by his chief, his teeth chat tering. . ' Hush, sir ! -For mercy's sake, don't ask i mo more ! I daren't. Whist, sir ! I've seen ! it again!' V .' Seon what again?' ;; ' ' 1 I ' The ghost, sir. The ghost I see before.' ?'Humbug! Tou saw'notliing.' ? ?. i ' Oh, but I did, sir.' And Tony, peering up the road, saw tlio' object of his terror mov ing on and on. ' Tou ciin look for yourself, sir. It's no mortal thing as goes like that. And liore— this very spot — it swung past me like a judgment angel, before !'? ? Doctor. Wrigley, alarmed Jest his conference with Tony had , had a witnoss, ran into the moonlight to look. , Conviction flashed on liim. The gait, the poise .of - the head, the slope of the 'shoulders were like liis cousin Myra. Ho must be assured. Ho whispered to Tony : 'Drop thoro and wait.' ? He followed the steadily moving figure; ho realised that this was Myra, and that sho was asleep . Then lie peopod over the hedge, led by some little sound, and there lfe saw Ailsa Wallace, running- clumsily and bent ovoiv , . Ho Toumed to his waiting lioncliman. ? ? ? , ' Tony, wlion did you . see that— ?7ia- boforo?' . ? . 'Nev — ' began tho liar. , But Wrigley, choked the word in his throat. ; r' Tou said you saw it. Now when ?' ? \ ' Woll, then— bat you do beat all for catch ing- a man in. iliis speech, sir — I saw it tlio , night you sent mo. to Bartli House to get tlio child.' fa ? . ' Saw it going or coming ?'d f 'Both, sir!' , , ,, ... ' Speak tho truth, or I'll strangle the life out of you !' . ' Why, sir, as intent on serving yon, in a wicked sin, sir — -you'll allow that, doctor why, as I came just here, crossing the road as I drew nigh, went it. Well, I took no notice, but slu-aiik into the shade, and ori I went. 'Well, as I came back, just as I drew near, in tlio very same place, it came along the self-'Same way as if returning. _ As -I came, , it went that a- way toward the Basin ; as I returned, it came up, set toward Barth House, by that road like.' ? . v ,.' But you told' me you saw no one that night !' ?' 'No more I did..: This isn't some one, or any one, this Is sperrit. When I sco it stalk- , ing by to-night, sir, the vei-y marrer froze in my bones; Tou and me ought to quit com pariy, sir, for there's my warning.' . ? ''And you can swear it is the same ., .' Aye, can I. The hair rises up on my o d , the' cold chills run along like lizards crccpm down my spinc-bono,' and. the marrer in -my bones turns as cold as water from the drippm well.' ' ? ? , , ' Tush ! And this— whatever it is— went and came just as you say ?' , 'To my sorrow,' moaned Tony— ' to my sorrow !'' . _ . ? 'Well — go homo, Tony. Well talk no more to-night. I see I can make nothing out of you.' ? ? ' .??,???, ' ??'??; ?? But, unexpectedly, - Doctor Wrigley _ had made this out of Tony Pettigrew that night, that he had found out. that his cousin^ Myra had, on' the very night Rupert was taken, drcnched, to Sairi Porter's door, gone to and from the reservoir. She, then, had thrown her half-brother into the .water. 'The, knowledge may do me good some day, my lady,' said Doctor Wrigley to himself, with a,plea,sarit smile. But as he went home with this .morsel of comfort, Myra also reached home, and closely' followed by Ailsa, who was trembling with anxiety to see the girl return safely to her room. The young girl had almost reached her resting-place, wnen a stray kitten; which had not been locked out, sprang up under the sleeper's feet, with ft dreadful yowling at having its tail trodden on. The noise awoke Myra. She looked about. The dirrily-bui-ning hall-lamp, the open door of her chamber, her own singular dress, Ailsa shawled, di sheveled, alarmed, gazing apprehensively- - all revealed to her her . walk in the niglit and overwhelmed her. She gave a wild shriek, and fell into her old attendant's firms. An hour before, Ailsa would not have be lieved herself strong enough to cany Myra from the hall to her bed ; but now she did it, and then hastily locked the door. . Well it was that she did so, for presently the butler and a footman came hurrying along to ask the cause of the cry. Ailsa put her head from Miss Barth's door. ' It's just Miss Myra been dreaming, and ?wild wi' a headache, worrited wi' all our troublements, '-'explained Ailsa. 'Oh, Ailsa! Ailsa, tell me!' cried poor Myra. ' Have I been sleep-walking ?' Ailsa would have stoutly denied it, but there were the soiled shoes, the dew-damp the long cloak lvine before the vounsr ladv's very eyes. ^ ? i ' Weel, me lambie, I'll no say ye ha'e not,\' she replied. 1 'Ailsa, I dreamed I went to the reservom Tell me— have I beeri there ?' f ' I canna say ye lia'e been anywhaur els#, me jewel. But lianna you a right' to walk there, and ye wull ?' - ' ? . | 'Ailsa, Ailsa,' cried Myra, springing up and flinging her arms about her head, 'have l ever been there at night before ?'- :: : ' Hoo can I tell; Iambic ? But no, I ha'e ricver seen ye go abroad before by night.:' ? ' Nor 'come in ?' ' i 'Na,na; I lianna seen ye. , To can no' ha'e gane !' r / . I Myra fiercely, caught her poor nurse by th'e shoulders. :She shook her in her painful ex citement. j ' Ailsa, tell irie— tell me the truth ! 1% your mind on' the day when Elizabeth's, child was lost. Did you think that that night I had walked in my sleep ? Tell me ! Did you see. any sigris of it— any shoes, any clothes?' On, why, my lovey, do ye tak tent for what iS'Sae.lang gane by ? All, wae's' me !' ' Tell me, tell me, Ailsa ! Answer me, as you hojie to be saved !' , ? ; Thus adjured,' Ailsa tremblingly replied : J: 'Wao's .me, me guil ! I did see clay on her shoon and the dews o' night ori yer clae's an' damp dust o' the ways on yer frillis. But never heed. - Ailsa fand the cloak an' the gonn, an'. Ailsa; pit them away, an' nane but Ailsa saw a sign;' ? Myra beg.an to groan bitterly.' .... ' Ah, Ailsa, on that night I had a, dreadful dream.' . ^ ' - . .., 'Dinna tell it, me baii-n,' said the cautious nurse. ' Dreams are things o' air, for which nane is -responsible. An' ye dream; o' evil/ it is. the whisper ' o' the adversary, who stan's ^outside o' yer ain soul ; an' ye even do evil in sleeping— as if ye shilcl rise ain' fire tlie hoose or tak' -yer friend's .purse or watch— it. is na a ?sin', it is a misfortune.', v ? . - ??; . ,:r Ah, Ailsa; I'm afraid we ; are more re sponsible: for dreams than that. We must lot eidl get a firm' foothold while wo aro awako, or we conld not act it in our sleep. My heart breaks over that dream — oli,; ine ! and ;iiow I know that letter was a forgery, and no enemy. of my father stole ' Elizabeth's child !' Prom the, late and troubled sleep into which she fell, after this midnight adventure,: Myra was roused .by Lady Barth's maid. Her mistress ? was very ill and had 1 asked for Miss Barth. | _ With sorrow and trembling; the unfortunate girl ? oboyqd the summons.- .- At the hour - of death, Avouldi Elizabeth: renew lior terriblo charges ? ' But Elizabeth's faco was clear ; peace had succeeded to quemlonsness, and tlio light - of eternity was- shining in :tlio long -shadowed eyes. Slue held out lier hand to Miss Bartli. ? ' Dear Myra, we once wero friends !''? ? ?' . Myra knelt beside lior. , ' Once,' said Elizabeth, f you were tlio only i being on earth that I loved. ' - Do not ; blame mo for marrying your father ; I was so Iori,ely; Myra. . Tou lmd found a dearer friorid; aricl I really loved Sir Giles, Myra.' - . ' -- '????i ' Yos,' sobbod Myi-a, ?'. poor, dear Elizabeth, -I was cruel to complain — to interfere with your right or liis.' ' ' And,- Myra, I know it was: hard for you about -my little boy ; . but. you did not liato -liim. I blamed you for. his loss, but that was wild ; and if ho is not dead and is over found, you /will bo a mother to him,', wori't vyou Myra?' i , 'J ? 'I -will— I trwoai-to you, Elizabeth.' ' - At that moment Lady Birlebank, who had been sent for, entered, followed by a nurse carrying the littlo. Sir Rupert, now three years old and rosy and ecstatic from his early morning walk. . 'Wo are friends onco more,' sighed Eliza beth, looking at Myra, who sat near her pillow. All day she held Myra close .and ?would not lot her go; and at sunset she quietly passed away, holding to her bosom tho child for whose loss her heart was, break ing- : . ' ; ,',i . Thus two mothers had held .this child in their dying ai'ms. ?'?'???. ' . But possibly some clcarer vision came to the parting spirit ; for just as she drifted out of time, Elizabeth Barth said, with a clear voice :. ' I know my boy is. living !' ? 'Then,'. Myra cried in answer, 'lie shall inherit all that was his father's !' When Lady Barth's will came- to be read, Doctor Wrigley met with a disappointment. Despite liis diligent calls with the child whom lie asserted as her namesake, Lady Barth left her ten thousand pounds — not to- Elizabeth Wrigloy, but to Rupert, adopted son of Lady Bidebank. \ ' It struck Doctor Wrigley like a warning from the ghostly finger of Fate that the property of tlie mother thus unerringly de scended to her child.. . .Lady Bidebank' thought it rather a pity that the money had not gone . to little unpor tioned Bessie Wrigley. ? But the will iriust stand as it was. . ? : - ? . No sooner was Lady Barth dead, than the' doctor began pressing his claims upon Myra. ' I think now, cousin, as my oldest seems likely to be the heir, that you should bring him up here on the estate, among the family servants and tenants'. Let him take his legi timate place.' ' But, suppose he should not be the heir ? 'What could be worse than for him to be brought up with large expectations ?' ' Even if you marry, you may not have children !' the doctor cried, sharply. ' I did not refer to my own children. I shall not many. But Elizabeth with her last word, said that her child was living ; and I j vowed in my soul to find him.' ^ j ' That is mere enthusiasm — the child is dead. Look at that letter!' ' I believe it to be a trick or a forgery.' | ' And for a miserable whim of a foolish J woman,' shouted Doctor Wrigley, ' my child ! is to be brought up unequally to his position — unfit for his fortune !' ' If my brother is found, legally I am re sponsible for the income during his disap- J pearance ; I cannot lavish it as I will,' said Myra. ' But out of my private income, j Doctor Wrigley, I will educate your son, and | send him, as soon as he is old enough, to i Eton.' I Doctor Wrigley esteemed this concession as the entering wedge whereby he should split I off what he deemed his share of the Barth I income. He replied : ' And you will have him here for his vaca tions, and for a day each week until he goes ? I spoke too hastily, my cousin ; but you must make allowances for a father's feelings.' ' I am glad to see your children whenever . they visit me ; but it is inexpedient to single out this one from the rest,' said Myra. 'I can tell you abettor way,' said Wrigley, confidentially, ' the best way. You ought not to live here alone, it is quite improper. All the east wing is empty. Let us unite our households, Cousin. Clematis Villa is not a suitable place for your nearest kinsman. I should be looking after this estate, as you cannot. Why should not my family come and live in the east wing ?' 'Do not ask me to change my way of living or my establishment, doctor,' said Myra, fairly shrinking with horror at the idea of coming to such close quarters with the Wrigleys. The children were uproarious, the mother fussy, commonplace, good-natured ; Wrigley himself she hated. ' Would you still say so if you were sure that the child were dead ?' cried Wrigley 'Tes, I should ;. but, of course, I should feel freer in the use of the income.' 'And I would have the title; and you ought tc pay the expenses of my election to Parliament, Myra : and there is your name sake, a year old now ; what better could you do than adopt her ?'? ' I am unused to children, said poor Myra, driven to despair. Doctor Wrigley went home and told his wife that she must send the baby over every pleasant day to see their cousin Myra ; , that Mrs. Wrigley herself must call with the other six once a week, and that ' Our Eldest,' reinforced by one of his brothers, must each week present himself for ain all day visit at Barth House. 'She must get used to us by degrees',' said the doctor. 'Nothing like custom.' 'Unless she gets sick of us before she gets used to us,' said Mrs. W., a little averse to thus forcing herself on her great relation. , It will all be ours one day, Mrs. W.. We can take possession by degrees.' v ^ Doctor Wrigley's main problem now was to dispossess the mind of Myra and other people of the notion that Sir Rupert Barth yet lived. Again lie called Tony Pettigrew to ? the rescue. Myra was orie day sitting by herself in a grove near Barth House— a part of tho grounds of'^ the mansion — when a rustling called off her .attention from .her -book, and she saw near lier a man in the dress of a strolling tinker. Myra started to her feet half alarmed. ' My lady, stop a bi t,'. cried the man, soft ly. 'I mean no harm. . I- desire a. word with yom ladj ship. Be y'ou Lady Bartli ?' asked Tony, with elaborate ignorance.' No , I am Miss Barth. Lady Barth - is dead.' ' ' main, sorry for i7ia£;', said tlio man, drawing. his hand across his glittering gipsy eyes. 'I writ her a letter; miss.' ? '- ' What, the letter ; found in the hall, about the child ?'.' '.And was that true ? Is tho child dead ? Did you take it ? . ' If you please, miss..' ' It s fearsome hard lines for a cliap to ac cuse hissclf that a way, miss, but I did take I that child.' - I ' Where did you get it ?' This question being- unexpected, 'and Toriy, fearing; greatly the results of his present ?un- dertaking,. deviated from Doctor Wrin-leyV instructions and said : : ? ° Wliy, I found it out in tlio field boyond tlio hedge.;. Didn't know it was Sir Gilos's baby then. , - Just took, it up out of 'charity like ; and when I found out what child it was, I kept it out. of wickedness, along of beinn 1 mad at ho.' I ' k°'w did you know whose child it ?wasr ? , [ ' By tlie descriptions out after it, and by its mark like a apple seed,' said Tony, .now falling back on instructions received. , ' And the child is dead ?' 'Yes, miss; from tlie word of a^'onest man, it are. May I, be drownded off Lon on Bridg'e if I ain't tellin' you the gospel truth. Died o' small pox.' ' Tou wrote ' measles !'' 'Well, ain't tlioy the same? I'm a igno rant- man.' ' At least you can tell me where the boy is buried ?' :? I 'No miss! I can't.^ : Poor, uns buries in potter's field. We buried it in Tower Ham lets potter's field. ? But there's a very 'onest man named Tony- Pettigrew there as is 'sistant sexton — an' h '11 know, likely.' 'The assurance of this child's death is very important. Will you, give your facts to Doctor Brice or Lawyer Mellodew ?' ' No more I won't run my 'c'd into anooso like that. Why, miss, does you think I've any uncommon fancy for gettin' conwicted for life, or mavbe striinc ut). bv one of those linfeelin' courts, which 'as no feelin's for poor men ?' ' And why do you come to me, then ?' ' To relieve my conscience, and to set your mind at rest like. 'But I'm only a poor tinker, a strollin' man,' alid wot's more, I'm goin' for to leave my native land, an' live an' die an exile. : You'll never sec me more.' This pathetic statement did not touch Myra. ;?',,... 'Will you stop here until I go and bring you a' fee?' ' An' till you likewise brings a , butler an' a gardner, and other 'ard-'arted villyuns to seize me ? No, miss; you may be 'sprised to learn it, but I wasn't born' yesterday, an' I do know a move or two,' ? And away skipped Tony, congratulating himself on liis astuteness. But in saying that he found the child in a field, and that it was buried in Tower Hamlets cemetery, Tony had gone beyond Doctor Wrigley, and beyond safety. (To be continued.) 