THE NOVELIST. CLARENCE. BY BRET HARTE.* CHAPTER II. The laugh that instinctively broke from Clarenoe'e lipe was so sincere and unaffected that the man was diaoonoerted, and at last joinedinitalittleshamefacedly. Thegroteeque blunder of being taken as a fugitive from justioe relieved Clarence'* mind from its aoute tension—be was momentarily diverted, and it was not until tbe boatman bad departed and be was agaitralone that it seemed to have any oollateral significance. Then an uneasy re oolleotion of Susy's threat that she bad the power to put his wife in Fort Aloatruz oame aoross him. Oould she have already warned the tnunioipal authorities, and this man J But he quickly remembered any action from euoh a warning could only have been taken by tbe United States marshal and not by a oivio offioial, and dismissed the idea. Nevertheless when the stage, with its half spent lamps still burning dimly againBt the morning light, swept round tbe curve and rolled heavily up to the rude shanty which served as ooaoh offioe, he beoame watchful. A single yawning individual in its doorway re oeived a few letters and paroels, but Clarence was evidently the only waiting passenger. Any hope that he might baveentertained that hiB mysterious predecessor would emerge from some seolusion at that moment waa dis appointed. . As he entered the ooaoh he made a rapid survey of his fellow-travellers, but satis tied himself that the etranger was not among them. They were mainly email traders or farmers, a miner or two, and apparently a Spanish American of better degree and per sonality. Possibly the oiroumstanoes that men of this class usually prelerred to travel on horsebaok and were rarely Been in public oonveyanoes attracted his attention, and their eyea met more than once in mutual ouriotity. Presently Clarence addressed a remark to him in Spanish: he replied fluently and cour teously, but -.t the next stopping-plaoe he asked a question of the expressman in an un mistakable Missouri accent. Olarenoe's curi osity was satisfied ; he was evidently one of those early Amnrioan Bottlers who had been so long domioiled in Southern California as to adopt the epeeob as well as the habiliments of tbe Spaniard. The oonversation fell on the political news of the previous .light, or rather seemed to be lazily continued from some previous more excited ditoussion, in whioh one of the con testants, a red-bearded miner, had subsided into an oooasional growl of surly dissent. It struck Clarence that the Miseourian bad been an amused auditor, and even, judging from a twinkle in his eye, a misobievons instigator of the oontraversy. He was not surprised, there fore, when the man turned to him with a certain courtesy and said, "And what, sir, is the politioal feeling in your district?" But Clarence was in no need to be drawn, and replied almost ourtly that as he had only oome from San Franoisco they were probably as well informed on that subjeot as himself. A quiok and searohing glanoe from the stranger's eye made him' rejeot it, but in the eilenoe that ensued the red-bearded passenger, evidently still rankling at heart, Baw his opportunity. Slapping bis huge hands on his knees, and leaning far forward until he seemed to plunge bis flaming beard —Iike'a firebrand — into tbe controversy, he said grimly— " Well, I kin tell you, genTmen thisI It ain't goin' to be no matter wots the political feeling here or there j it ain't goin' to be no matter wots Slatt's rights and wot's Fcd'ral rights; it ain't goin' to be no question whe ther the Oov'ment's get the right to relieve its own soldiers that those Seoesh is beeiegin' in Fort Sumter or whether they haven't; hut the first gun that's fired at the flag blows the chains off every d nigger eouth of the Mason and Dixon's line ! You hear me ? I'm shoutin'! And whether you oall yourselves 'Seoesh' or 'Union,' or 'Copper Head,' or ' Peaoe Men,' you got to face it 1" There was an angry start in one or two of tbe seats, one man caught at tbeBwinging side strap and half rose, a husky voioe began " It's a d d " and then all as suddenly subsided. Every eye was turned to an insig nificant figure in tbe back seat. It waa a woman holding a ohild on her lap and gazing out of the window with her sex's profound unooncern in politics. Clarence understood the rude chivalry of the road well enough to comprehend that this unoonscious but omni potent figure had, more than onoe that day, oontrolled the passions of the disputants. They dropped back weakly to their seats, and their mutterings rolled oS in the rattle of the wheelB. Olarenoe glanoed at the Missourian. He was regarding the red-bearded miner with a singular curiosity. The rain had ceased, but the afternoon shadows were deepening when they at last reached Fair Plains, whecoe Olarenoe expected to proceed to the Rauoho. He was astonished, however, to learn that all the horses in the stable were engaged, but remembering that some of his own stook were in pastnrage with a tenant at Fair Plains, and that he should probably have a better aeleotion, he turned hie steps thither. Passing out of the stable yard he reoognised the MiaBOurian's voioe in whispered oonversation with the pro prietor, but the two men withdrew into the shadow as he approached. An ill-defined un easiness oame over him; he knew the pro prietor, who also Beemsd to know the Missourian, and the evident avoidance of him was significant. Perhaps his reputation as a doubtful Unionist had preoeded him, but this would not aooount for their oonduot in a district so strongly southern in sympathy as Fair Plains. More impressed by tneooour renoe than bn oared to admit, when at last, after some delay, he had eeoured his horse and was onoe more in the saddle, he kept a sharp lookout for his quondam oompanion. But here another oirenmstanoe added to his suspicions; there was a main road leading to Santa Inez, the next town, and tbe Rancho, and this Olarenoe had purposely taken in order to watoh the Missoutian ; but there was • cut-off directly to tbe Ranoho, knowaonly to the habitue* of the Ranoho. After a few minutes' rapid riding on a mustang much superior to any in the hotel stables he was satisfied that the stranger must have taken the cut-off. Putting spurs to his horse, he trusted etill to precede him to the Rancho, if that was his destination. As he darted along the familiar road, by a strange perversity of fanoy, instead of think' ing of his purpose, he found himself reoalling ] the first time he bad ridden that way in the flush of his youth and hopefulness. The girl sweetheart he waa then going to rejoin was now the wife of another; the woman who had been her guardian waa now his own wife. He had acoepted without a pang the young girl's dereliotion, but it was through her revelation that he was now about to oonfront the dereliotion of his own wife. And this was the reward of his youthful trust 1 Copyright 1894, by Bret UUhtb. and loyalty. A bitter laugh brolco from hie lips. It was par* of hit. (till youthful self delusiou that he .believed' himBelf"*ieer and stronger for it. It was quite dark when he reached the upper field or firit terraoe of the Kanoho. He could see the white rolls of the.cosa rising dimly put of the green sea of early wild grasses, like. • phantom island. It was here.that the , out off joined the main road, now the> only one .that led to the com. He was satisfied that ^ no one oould have preoeded him from Fair Flams, but it was true that he must make preoautions against his own discovery. Dismounting near a olump of. willows, he unsaddled and un bridled his horse, and with a out of the rtofo over its haunobes sent it flying across the field in the. direction of a band, of feeding mustangs, whioh it presently joined. Then keeping well in the shadows of a belt or sornboaks heskirted tbe long lesser terrace or tbe coio, intending to approaoh tbe bcnseby way of the old garden and oorral. A drizzling rain occasionally driven by tbe wind into long misty ourtain-like waves obscured the prospeot and favoured bis design.' He reached tbe low adobe wall of the corral in eafety; looking over he oould detect m spite pf the darkness that a number of the horses ..were of alien brands, and even reoognised one or two from the Santa Inez district. Tbe vague outlines of bu&giee; ud cwrry&U;® filled the long ehed beside the. stables. Thete was company at tbe aid—bo far Susy was right, ■ Nevertheless, still lingering by the wall of the old garden for the deepening of night, his nervous feverisbneBB was again invaded and benumbed by sullen memories. ■ . There was the opening left by tbe old grille in tbe wall, behind w'bioh, on the morning when he ■ thought he was leaving the ranch for ever he had first olasped Mtb. Peyton in his arms— and bad stayed. A turn of the head, a moment'a indeoision', a1 single' glance of a languorous ey.e, had brought tbiB oulmination. And now he. stood again before tbe ruined grille, his house and lauds, even his name misused by a mad scheming^ adventuress, and bimself a creeping spy of his own dishonour. He turned with a bitter smile again to the garden. V few dark red Castiliau roses still leaned forward and swayed in the wind with dripping leaves. It was here that tbe_ first morning of his arrival he had kissed Susy; the perfume and oolour of her pink skin came baok to him with a sudden shock as he stood there; he caught at the flower, drew it towards him and inhaled its odour in a long breath that left him faint and leaning against tbe wall. Then he smiled, but this time more wiokedly—in what he believed was tbe epringing up of the first instinotof revenge. It was now dark enough for him to venture across the oarriage road, and make his way to the rear of the bouse. His first charaoteristio instinct had been to enter openly at his own front gate, but the terrible temptation to over hear and watch the conspiracy unobserved —that fasoination common to deoeived humanity to witness its own shame had grown upon him. He knew that a word or gesture of explanation, apology, appeal or even terror from his wife would oheck his rage and weakun his purpose. His perfect know ledge of the house, and the security of its inmates, would enable him from Borne obsoure landing or gallery to participate in any seoret conclave they might hold is the palio—tue onlv place suitable for so numerous a rendez vous. The absenoe of lightin tbe few external windows pointed to thii oentral gathering. And he bad already conoeived hiB plan of entrance. . . Gaining the rear wall of the eata, ne began cautiously to skirt its brambly. bass, until he had reached a long oven-like window half obliterated by a monstrous passion vine. It was the window of what bad once been Mrs. Peyton's boudoir; the window by which he had onoe found an entrance to tbe house when it was in the hands of squatters, the window from wbioh Susy had signalled her Spanish lover, the window whose grating had broken the neok of Judge Peyton's presumed assassin. But tbes9 reoolleotionB no longer delayed him; the moment for notion had arrived. He knew that sinoe the tragedy the boudoir had been dismantled and shunned; the servants believed it to be haunted by the assassin's ghost. With the aid of the passion vine the ingress was e»6y; the interior window was open; tbe rustle of dark leaves on tbe bare floor as he entered and tbe whirr of a frightened bird by bis ear told tbe story of its desolation and tbe source of the strange noises that bad been beard there. The door leading to the oorridor was lightly bolted merely to keep it from rattling in the wind ; slipping the bolt with the blade of hiB pooket knife he peered into tbe dark passage. The liRht streaming under a door to the left and the sound of voices convinoed him that bis oonjeoture was right, and the meeting was gathered on the broad baloonies around tba patio. He knew that a narrow gallery, faoed with Venetian blinds to exolude the sun, looked down upon tbem. He managed to gain it without disoovery. Luokily the blinds were still down. Between their slats, himself invisible, be could bear and see everything that ooourred. Tet even at this eupreme moment the first thing that struok him was the almost ludiorout contrast between tbe appearance of the meet ing and its tremendons object. Whether he was influenoed by any previous boyish concep tion of a cloudy and gloomy oonspiraoy he did not know, but-he was for an instant almost disoonoerted by an apparent levity and. fes tivity of tbe oonolave. Decanters and glasses stood on small tables before them; nearly all were drinking and smoking. They comprised fifteen or twenty men, some whose faces wen familiar to him elsewhere as Southern politi cians, a few he was shooked to see were well known Northern democrat*. . Occupying a characteristically oentral position was tbe famous Colonel Starbottle, of Virginia; jaunty and yonthful looking in his masklike, beard less faoe, expressive and dignified in bis middle-aged port and carriage, he alone re tained something of the importanoe—albeit slightly theatrioel. and affected—of tbe oooa sion. Olarenoe in his first hurried elanoe bad not observed bis wife, and for a moment .had felt relieved. But as Colonel Starbottle arose at tbat moment and with a studiously chival rous aud courtly manner turned to his right, be saw that she was sitting at the farther end of the balcony, and that a man, whom be" reoognised as Captain Pinoknev,. was stand ing beside her. The blood quickly tightened around his heart, but left him cold and obser ■ lb was seldom indeed, remarked Colonel Starbottle, plaoing his fat white fingers in the frill of bis shirt-front, tbat a movement like this was graced with the aotual presence of a lofty, inspiring, yet delicate spirit— a Boadioea-indeed he might say a Joan of Aro — in tbe person of their ohsrming hostess, Mrs. Branht! Not only were they favoured by her social and hospitable minis tration, but by her active and enthusiastic oo-operation in the glorious work they had in hand. It was through her oorrespondenoe and earnest advooaoy that they were to be favoured to-night with the aid and counsel of one of the'mostdistinguished and powerful men in the sonthern distriot of California, Judge BeeBwinger, of Dos Aryelea. He had nob the honour of that gentleman's personal aoouain tinea; he believed he was not far wrong; in Baying that this was also the misfortuneof every gentleman present, but the name itself was a •ewer of strength. He would go further and •ay that Mrs. Brant herself was personally unacquainted with him, bat it was through the fervour, poetry, graoe, and geniuB of her cor respondence with that gentleman that they were to have the honour of hie presenoe that very evening. It woe understood that advioes bad been reoeived of his departure, and that he might beexpsoted at Robles at any moment. "But what proof have we of Judge Bees winger's soundness ?" said a' lazy Southern voioe at the oonolueion of Colonel Starbottle's Seriods. " Nobody here seems to know him y eight; is it not risky to admit a man toour meeting whom we are unable to identify?" " I reokon nobody but a fool or soma prying mudsill of a Yankee would trust his skin here," said another, "and if he did we'd knots what to do with him." But Olarenoe's attention was riveted on his wife, and the significant spseoli passed him as unheeded ae had the colonel's rhetoric. She , was looking very handsome and slightly flushed, with a proud light in her eyes that hs bad never eean before. Absorbed in the dis cussion, she sesmed to be paying little atten tion to Captain Pinckuey, as she rose suddenly to her feet. "Judge Beeswinger will be attended here by Mr. MoNiel,of the Fair Plains Hotel, who will vouch for him and introduoehim,"she said in a clear vioce, wbioh rang with an im periousness that Clarenoe well remembered. "The Judge was to arrive by the ooaobfrom Martinez to Fair Plains and is due now." "But is there no gentleman to introduoe him ? Must we take him ou the word of a oommon trader—by Jove—a whisky seller," oontinued the previous voioe sneeringly. "On the word ef a lady, Mr. Brooke,"said Captain Pinck'ney. with a slight gesture towards Mrs. Brant, "whoanBwers for both." Clarenoe had etarted'alightly at his wife's voioe and the information it oooveyed. His fellow-passenger and the confidant of MoNiel was the man they were expeoting. If they had recognised him, Clarenoe, would they not warn the company of his proximity? He beld his breath as the sound of voioes oamo from the outer gate of the courtyard. Mrs. Brant rose, but at the seme moment the gate swung open and a man entered. It was the Missounan. He turned with an old-fashioned courtesy to the single woman standing on the balcony. "Mr fair correspondent, I believe. I am Judge Beeswinger Youragent MoNiel passed me through yourguards at the gate; but I did net deem it advisable to bring bim into this assembly of gentlemen without your further consideration. I trust I was right." The quiet dignity and self-possession, the quaint, old-fashioned oolonial preoision of speech, modified by a soft Virginian intona tion, and, above all, some singular indi viduality in the man himself, produoed a pro found sensation, and seemed to suddenly give the gathering an impressivenoBS it had laoked before. For an instant Clarenoe forgot bimfeelf and his personal wrongs in the shock of indignation he felt at this potent addition to the ranks of his enemies. He saw his wife's eyes sparkle with pride over her acquisition, and noticed that Pinoknoy oast a disturbed glanoe at the new comer. The stranger asesnded the few steps to the balcony and took Mrs. Brant's hand with profound courtesy:—"Introduoe me to my colleagues—distinotly and separately. It behoves a man at such a moment to know to whom he entrusts his life and honour and the life and honour of his cause." It was evidently no mere formal cour'eay of tho stranger. As he stepped forward along the balcony, and under Mrs. Brant's graceful guidance was introduoed to eaoh of the members, be not only listened with sorupuloU9 care and attention to the name end profession of eaoh man. but bent upon him a oleai, search ing glance, that seemed to photograph him in bis memory. With two exoeptions. He paseed Colonel Starbottle's expanding shirt frill with a bow of elaborate preoision, and said "Colonel Starbottle's fame requires neither introduction nor explanation." He stopped before Cap'∈ Pinokney and paused. "An officer of the United States army, I believe, sir!" " Yes." " Eduoated at WeBt Point, I think, by the Government, to whom you have taken the oath of allegiance 1" "Yes." " Very good, sir, "said the stranger, turning awav. "You have forgotten one other faot, sir," said Pinoknoy, with a singularly supercilious air. " Tndeed. What is it? "I am, first of all, a native of the State of South Carolina 1" A murmur of applause and approval ran round the baloony. Captain Pinokney smiled and exchanged" glances with Mrs. Brant, hut the stranger quietly returned to theoentral table beside Colonel StaTbottle. "I am not only an unexpeoted delegate to this august assembly, gentlemen," he began gravely, " but I am the bearer of perhaps equally unex peoted news. By my position in the Southern district I am in possession of despatobes received only this morning by pony express. Fort Sumpter has been besieged. The United States flag carrying relief to the beleaguered garrison has been fired upon by the State of South Carolina." A buret of almost hy-terio applause and enthusiasm broke from the assembly and made the dim vault-like passages anl cor ridors of the cata ring. Cheer after ohesr rent up to the veiled gallery and the misty sky beyond. Men mounted on the tables and waved their hands frantically, and in the midst of this bewildering turbulenoe of sound and motion Clarenoe saw his wife, mounted on a ohair, witb burning aheeke and flashing eyes, waving her bandkerohiet like an in spired priestess. Only the stranger, still standing beside Colonel Starbottle, remained unmoved and impassive. Then with an imperative gestnre ' he demanded a sudden silenoe. ' " Oonvinoing and unanimoaus as this demon stration is, gentlemen," he began quietly, "it ' it is my duty, nevertheless, to ask you if you have seriously oonsidored the meaning of the news I have brought. It is my duty to tell yon that it means oivil war. It means the plash of arms between two seotions of a mighty country; it means the disruption of friends, the breaking of family ties, the separation of fathers and sons, of brothers and sisters—even perhaps to the disseverment of husband and wife I" "It means the sovereignty of the South— and the breaking of a oovenant with low-born traders and abolitionists," said CaptainPinok ae?.\ 'If there are any gentlemen present,"oon tinued the Btranger without heeding the inter ruption, "who have pledged this State to the support of the South in this emergency, or to the establishment of a Pacific Hepublio in aid and sympathy with it, whose names are on this paper"—he lifted a sheet of paper lying before . Colonel Starbottle—" but who now feel that the. gravity of the news demands a more"serious consideration of the purpose, they are at liberty to withdraw from the meeting—giving their honour m Southern gentlemen to keep the eeoret intsol." "Not if I know it," interrupted ft etftlwftrt Ksntuokian, at he rose to hie feet end strode down the stepe to the patio. '' For," he added, placing hie baok against the gateway, " I'll •hoot the firstooward that baoki out now." A. roar of laughter and approval followed, but wae eilenoed again by the quiet unimpae eioned voice of the etranger. " If. on the other hand," he went on calmly, "you all feel this news ie the fitting oulmination and coneeoration of the hopeB, wiehea, and plane of thie meeting, you will aseert it again on your own signatures to Colonel Starbottle at tbie table." When the Kentuokian had risen Clarenoe had started from bis concealment; when he now saw figures pressing forward to the table he hesitated no longer. Slipping along the passage he roaohed the staircase which led to the corridor in the rear of the balcony. Descending thie rapidly, he not only oame upon the. books of the exoited crowd around the table, but even elbowed one of the conspi rators aside without being notioed. Hie wife, who had risen from her chair at the end of the j balcony, was already moving towards the table. With a quiok movement he seised her wrist, and threw ber back into the chair •gain. A. cry broke from her lips ae ehe recog nised him, but still holding her wrist he stepped quiokly between ber and the astonished orowd. There was a moment of eilenoe—then thecryof "spy,"and" seize him" rose quiokly but above all the voice and figure of the Missourian was heard commanding them to stand baok. Turning to Clarence, he said quickly—r "I should know your face, eir; who are you 5" " The husband of this woman and the master of this house," said Clarence, as j quietly, butinavoioe be hardly recognised as his own. I "Stand aside from her then, unless you are I hoping that her danger may protect you?" said the Kentuckian significantly, drawing hie revolver. Bub Mrs. Brant sprang suddenly to her feet beside Clarenoe. "We are neither of us oowarda, Mr. Brooks—though he speaks the truth, and more ahame to me"—ehe added, with a look of aavage soorn at Clarence, "he it my husband /" " But what is your purpose in coming here?" continued Judge Beeswinger with his eyes fixed on Clarenoe. "I have given you all the information," said Clarenoe, quietly, "that is necessary to make you, as a gentleman, leave this house at onoe—and that is my purpose. It is ail the information you will get from me as long as you and your friends insult my wile with your uninvited presenoe. What I may have to say , to you and each of you hereafter — what I may choose to demand of you, aocording to your own oodeof honour"—he fixed hie eyes on Captain l'inokney's—"is another ques- i tioo, and one not usually discussed before a lady." I " Pardon me a moment—a single moment." It was the voios of Colonel Citarbottle—it was the frilled shirt front, the lightly buttoned blue ooab, with its expanding lapels, like bursting petals, and the smiling mask of that gentleman rising above the table, aud bowing to Clarence Brant and his wife with infinite courtesy. "The—er—humiliating situation in which we find ourselves, geutiemen—the reluotant witnesses of—er—what we trust is only a temporary disagreement between our charm ing hostess and the er—gentleman whom she bad recognised under the highest title to our consideration, is distressing to us all, and would seem to amply justify that gentleman's olaims to a personal satisfaction, which, I know, we would all delight to give. But that situation rests upon the supposition that our gathering here was of a purely social or festive nature. It may be," continued the Colonel J with a blandly refleotive air, " that the speo tacle of these decanters and glasses, and the nectar furnished as by our Hebo-like hostess," ! he lilted a glass of whisky and water to his li ps, while he bowed to Mrs. Brant graoefully, "hasted the gentleman to such a deduction. But when I suggest to him that our meeting was of a business or private nature it strikes me that the question of intrusion may be fairly divided between him and ourselves. We may be even justified in view of that privacy, in asking him if his—er—entranoe to this house was—er—ooinoident with his appear anoe among us." "With my front door in possession of strangers," said Clarence, more in reply to a sudden contemptuous glanoe from his wife thanStarbottle's insinuation, "I entered tho house through the window." "Of my boudoir—where another intruder once broke his neok," interrupted his wife with a mocking laugh. "Where I onoe helped this lady to regain possession of her house when it was held by another party of illegal trespassers, who, however, were oontent to call themselves •jumpers/and did nob olaim the privaoy of gentlemen." *' Do you mean to imply, sir," began Colonel Starbottle haughtily, " that" "I mean to imply," said Clarence, with quiet acorn, "that I have neither the wish to know nor the slighest oonoern in any purpose that brought you here, and that when youquit the house you take your seorets and your privaoy with you intaot, without let or hin drance from me." "Do you mean to say, Mr. Brant," said Judee Beeswinger, suppressing the angry in terruptions of his fellows with a dominant wave of bis hand as he fixed his eyes on Clarenoe keenly, "that von have no sympathy with your wife's politioal sentiments ?" " I have already given you the information neaenary to make you quit this bouse, and that is all you have a right bo know," returned Clarenoe. "But I oan answer for him," said Mrs. Brant, rising, with a quivering voice and curling lip. " There is no Bympathy between us. We are as far apart as the poles. We have nothing in oommon—bub the house and his name." "But you are husband and wife—bound boRether by a saored oompaot." " A. compact," echoed Mrs. Brant with a bitter laugh. "Tea; the oompaot that binds South Carolina to the nigger worshipping Ma'saohusette. The oompaot that links toRebher white and blaok, the gentleman and the trader, the planter and the poor white, the oompaot of those United• States! Bah, that has been broken and so can this." Olarenoe'e faoe paled. But before he oould speak there was a rapid clattering at the gate, aud a dismounted vaqucro entered exoitedly. Turning to Mrs. Brant' he said hurriedly, " Mother of God I the ca ta is surrounded by a rabble of mounted men, and there is one among them even now who demands admit tance in the name of the law." "Thie ia your work," eeid Brooke, faoing Clarence furiously, "yon have brought them with you, but; they shall not save you 1" He would have olutohed Clarenoe, but the powerful arm of Judge Bees winger inter vened. Nevertheless he still struggled to reach Clarenoe, appealing to the others, " Are you fools to stand there and let bim ' triumph ? Don't you tee the cowardly , Yankee triok he's played upon us?" _ , "He hae not," aaid Mrs. Brant haughtily. j "I hare no reaaon to lore him or hit friends —but I know he does not lie." "Gentlemen! Gentleman 1"implored Colo nel Starbottle with bearing and unotuous persuasion, " May I — er — remark — that all this is far from the question. Are we to be alarmed because an awkward rabble, no matter whence they come, demand en' tranoe here in the name of the law. I am not aware of any law of. the State of California that we are infringing. By all means admi£ them." The gate was thrown open. A single thiokset man, apparently unarmed, and dressed like an ordinary traveller, followed by half a dozen other equally unpretentious look ing men, entered. The leader turned to the baiaony. " I am the Chief of Police of San Franoisoo. I have warrants for the arrest of Colonel Culpepper Starbottle, Joshua Brooks, Cap tain Pinokney, Olarenoe Brant, and Alios bis wife, and others charged with exoiting to riot and unlawful praotioe calculated to disturb the peaoe of the State of Cali fornia and ita relatione with the Federal Government," eaid the leader in a dry official voioe. Clarence started. In epite of its monotonous utterauoe it waB the voice of the red-bearded controversialist of the stage coach. But where was his charaoteristio beard and hair ? Involuntarily Clarence danced at Judge Beeswinger; that gentleman was quietly regarding the etranger with an impassive face that betrayed no reoognition whatever. "Butthe City of San Francisco has no jurisdiction here," eaid Colonel Starbottle, turning a bland amile towards hie fellow qiembers. "I am—er—sorry to inform you that you are simply trespassing, sir." "I am hero also as Deputy Sheriff," returned the stranger ooolly. " We were unable to loaate the precise plaoe of this meeting, although we knew of its ex istence. I was swore in this morning at Santa Cruz, by the Judge of this distriot, and these gentlemen with me are my potsi." There was a quiok movement of resistanoe by the members, whioh was, however, again waived blandly aside by Colonel Starbottle. Leaning forward in a slightly forensio attitude, with bis fingers on the table and a shirt frill that seemed to have become of itself ereotile, he eaid with pained but polite pre cision, " I grieve to have to state, sir, that even that position is utterly unten able here. I am a lawyer myself — as ray friend here—Judge Beeswinger — eh! — I beg your pardon 1" The offioer of the law had momentarily started, with his eyes fixed on Judge Bees winger, who, howover, seemed to be quietly writing at the table. "As Judge Beeswinger,"oontinued Colonel Starbottle, "will probably tell you — and as a jurist himself he will also probably agree with me when I also inform you that, as the United States i-overnment is an aggrieved party, it is a matter of the Federal Courts to prosecute, and that the only offioer we oan recognise is the United States Marshal for the diBtriob. When I add that the Marshal, Colonel Oraok enthorpe, is one of my oldest friends, and an active sympathizer with the South in the pre sent struggle you will understand that any action from him in this matter is exceedingly improbable " The general murmur of laughter, relief, and approval was broken by the quiet voioe of Judge BneBwinger, "Let me see your warrant, Mr. Deputy Sheriff." The offioer approaohed him with a slightly perplexed and constrained air, and exhibited the paper. Judge Beeswinger banded it baok to him. " Colonel Starbottle is quite right in his contention," he said quietly; "the only officer that this assembly cau reoognise is the United States Marshal or his legal deputy. But Colonel Starbottle is wrong in his suppo sition that Colonel Craokenthorpe still retains the funotions of that offioe. He was removed by the President of the United States, and his suooessor was appointed and sworn in by the Federal Judge early this morning." He paused, and folding up the paper on which ho had been writing, placed it in the hands of the Deputy, "And this," he oontinued in the eame even voice, "constitutes you his deputy, and will enable you to carry out your duty in ooming here." I " What the devil does this mean, sir? Who J are you 1" gasped Colonel 3tarbottle, roooiling suddenly from the man at his side. "Iam the United States Marshal for the Southern Distriot of California." 