?THE TWO COUSINS. '.. PAST THIItB. ' ? Ciiaitek TV.— (Continvecl.y At the sound of tho name so long unheard, the man beside Ladybird started as -though the ghost of his dead youth had risen before him. ' His feet?, palo before, blanched. to a dead, Eicried v.-hite. 2'ho little actress sair, npd. Itiiighect aloud. " ? ?'?I know, ".you sec. 2%T0 wonder 3XoEsiear Vernon, the teacher of English aud mathematics, looked so liko an '.exiled princa. It camo naturally. And I sta the daughterof -my lord Bsrl o J liisuorc 1 Pino, ante cedents for the little Canadian actress! 2fo, I/ord Tyrone—Colonel Vcrno'n— whichever you liko — my mother feared no rival in Montreal. Her rival, ??who hopt your heart. from her, was far away in another laud. jSTonc the less siirqiy though was the work donci and her heart broken.' Colonel "Vernon listened in palo atnazc. But tlsc calm of long habit was back whon ho spoke. ' How you Isavo learned ail this is a. Drofound mvstcry to rae. How yo.nr moihes could . over have heard the name yoalhsvc uttered is still a greater mystery—certainly it Was not Eroia my lips. But all tins is'teade the question. The past is dead—lcfc it rest. What ever I have boon, I nisi now, and -will ever be, plaiu Reginald Vernon.. I Hover was unkind, or unjust, or trn zaithf id to yonr dead mother. I tried, to the best of say ability, to make her Lappy. If she had ?been a little snore patient—waited a I'itfcle. longer—all would have beeu well. You would Isp.ve grotva up to love ine as n child should' its father. My daughter, I am a solitary—a lonely man ; you, a little Traif; afloat in n. wicked world. liot us bnry our dead past —lot the future stoao for all that is gone. .Let mc claim you as sny child—give you my name and home. Already 1 love you—you will soon learn to Jove mc. ladybird, my daughter, come !* He opened liis arms. She looked tip in his face —glowing,, earnest, noble, good. Her heart ivent out to ami witb r. great bound, Ijct colour caino and went—a mighty struggle rended her. She loaged to throw her self into those protecting fatherly arms, and sob her tired heart out on his breast. But the fierce, indomitable pride of the little firebrand held her bad:. * Como !* ho said, the deep, ridi tones very sivcet; 'come, my little ira?clermu child—my poor little, nameless darling! ITorgive and forgot the past—come and brighten my lonely life I Come! Xou at least shall never regret it!' Ho made a step towards her; but she shrank away almost iv affright. ' so, no :* she cried, wildly: ' not no , ." —not yet! Ah, heaven ! I swore to hate you, and I cannot i I canr.ot! 1,-eaTe roc —leave mc, Colonel "Veraon 3 I will not go !* Ho saw Jioit excited Aα was—ho-.v sac trembled llko a leaf with the passionate emotion vritbiii her, and no Yielded at once. * I will go, sny child, , he said, very, very gently; 'bat first let sue once fecsr from your lips that you do not think mc altogether the basa and untiorthv wretch you have thought mc. Tell mc this. Ladybird, and bid ac come again. I cannot—l will not —give up ray daughter!' She looked up suddenly, and stretched forth her baud, great tears standing in her dark eyes. ' I do believe it. i'or the rest, I can promise nothing. Come or not, as you like, only leave mo now.* * I will como to-morrow, , he answered, pressing tho hand she gave him between both his; ' until tbeu, my child, adieu, and heaven bJoss you !* The door closes! behind him, anil iadybird flung herself on a sofa, and Darted her face hi the pil!o~>s, hating hersei'J for the weakness she felt—lor turning traitor to her dead mother at a few pleading words from this aian. And yet, hovv good, how great, how coble ho looked—how brave sho knew hiia to be—and Jjadybird adored bravery—how true and earnest bis eyes wera as he spoke. And that lost mother had been passionate, and wayward, and sasli, ami impulsive— what if, after all, the fault had been her own, not his ?' , 'She would have him marry her,' she thought, ' knowing well ho. , did not loro her. pa'ssiot:ato reproaches, sullen jealousies, were not the means after to win that love.- And it .might have come y.-'ith time. She iled from him ?with .his child. Ah ; heaven ! who is to teach mc what is right ? I don't want to yield afteraU these year.s, and yet if I see him again I know, I shall.' Her musings were interrupted by the sudden entrance of Madame Sanchey. . 'Pardon, mam'selle' ? ZVTonsieur Trevelyati is at the door.* liadybird sat up. She pushed. her tangled curls ay.ay from her temples, asid with tliat jiame all the bitterness cutqc back. She was an earl's daughter, and his eijual by right, and yet he came hera to ujnko. love to the little actress, whose name he would not dare to mention to the lady he tad left behind him in England. AS least he should lesm to day whether she was to be insulted with impuntiy. She sat up very erect, and the old light and fire came back to the black eyes; the dask face ivas strangely pale, and its sailor, contrasted with tho fiery glitter of lior iarge eyes. 'Admit 3loasicur Trevelyan,' aha said, v/ita. a superb \vavo of tho baud, as a princess condescending to admit to ail audience her slave. Uadamo hastened a'.vay to do her Bidding, wondering to herself. 'What is.it with Ladybird, , she 'thatshe receives to-day all otHo coma ?* Sefliaps Blonejeur Trevelyaa %vas .agreeably suprised also—it was bu6 tho second time ho had over crossed t*;at threshold. Did uae know that lie Tvas goiag awny test sho was thus un usunlly gracious ? Sho did set-look especially gracious as he entered and bowed before her. The pale face, aud glittering eyes, End set, unsmiling mouth, said very plainly, ' 2sToi at homo to suitors.* '"Good-day, Ivloasieur Trovelyan,' uiaiiemoiscL'e said, brusquely; * tills is an unlooked-for honour; to what do-X owe it?* . ' ?They'had not spoken before siaco that memorable evening in the street, when she had threatened to givo him in charge. Her look and tone wero not ono whit more cordial than they had been then. * Mademoiselle,' he said, courteously, ? I have camo to beg your pardon. I fear—most' unintentionally on my pare—that I deeply ofiendod yoa.tho other evening.. You will not be im placable, I trust to aie, whose only offence is admiring you too greatly.' * Ashowdidyou.offend?' mademoi selle responded, with supreme care lessness ;' I have forgotten. ' Oh, by following mc in the street! My dear Monsieur Trevelyau,' with a light laugh what a very -utiiieeesss.ry trouble yon have given yourself! Why, I had forgotten tho offence awd the offender five minutes sfter.!* Slio looked up in his face with the old audacioas, provoking saiilo he knew so well, on thp stage aud off it" The colour came agaia to tho brunette cheeks. She made', a wonderfully pretty picture, lying carelessly in her low scat, her little ringed hands crossed on her lap. 'Then you are to be envied, JLady bird. Yon Isavc accomplished what-1 never can.* ' . '* And.thai is * arching her black' brows. . . . * jForgetfhitiexs I As long as I. re member anything I. shall remojnber Ladybird!' ' Mademoiselle, i£ you -please, sir V the fairy actress said, waving her hand magnificently. ? 'Only my friends ara allowed to call mc by that name' * Among whom 1 am not numbered ?* ' Most not! A gentleman who, on more than one occasion, has insulted me—no need to stare, sir ; I repeat, insult me —can scarcely hope to be numbered in the list of my friends." "Insulted, mademoiselle?" Trc velyaa repeated. " Xou will pardon mc if I say I am utterly at a loss to comprehend you. It is not my habit to inault any womiui, much less the woman I love!' * There it is again !* Ladybird said, in her most careless tone; * That 13 the insult. It is the third or fourth tizua you have told mc you love mc. "What do you call that but an insult ?* ' i protest," began Trevolyon, hall laughing, *it is the first; timo I have ever baeu told so, and I ' * Ilarc made tho same declaration to a dozen aetresse3 before, no doubt' , interrupted ladybird, bitterly ; * but there aro actresses and actresses, aiz, as you will find. Yon love nic, you say. I laughed a£ it before; now" let mo treat it in ersraest. Let mc ass you a {jUGstiou. Tha man who loves a woman should marry her. ilonsisur Trevelysn, do you wish to marry She arosa as sho spoke, her little, slim Sguro drawn ?p, her haughty head thrown back with as lofty a grace as tho li.-idy Isabel herself, the. great black eyes ililated, and fixed on tho halE-sniiliag, handsome face before her. 'Do you wish to marry ate /' Ladybird repeated. **Is . that what you mean when you. say you love mc ?' Ho coloured in spite of himself, and for once all hi 3 long-trained and per fect self-possession failed to find him a reply- Sor tho first tinio in his whole life, before man or woman, the bold brown eves or Arthur Trevelyau fell. .' I am auswerered ?' she said, very quietly. 'I am a, little, friendless, unprotected girl, forced to starve, or earn my living-by the one only means ia my power; therefore all you aigh boni. high-bred gentlemen have a per fect right to insult 120 ir you cho<jse. I am preiiy and young,- and lawful prey to be hunted down, whether I will or iso! As a great lady once said to au English king, ' I hsa too high to be your mistress, and too low to be your wife!' Take your aosiver. itonsier Treveiyau,' and with if take this. . She crossed the room with the stately step and mien o£ a young empress, and litted from tho table a chain and locket, and presented them to him with a deep bow. . ? "When you wero brought into the hospital, monseiur, this fell, from aroaud your neci. I took charge of it, intending, of course, to restore it iv a few days; but, before I could do so, you had made mc your first declara tion of love. I laughed at you then, 3s|l do now, for that matter, and— kept it. The lady, whose name α-ad pictnre are within, is you plighted wife, is she not, monsieur? and you go to England nest week to wed her? Aud you thought the iiigbty young actrcs3, without name, or home, or parents, or friends, was in love with your handsome face, aud would only too gladly accept your left hand, whilst you honoured my Lady Isabel with your right? That was yonr mistake, you tee. Don's fret: for mc, monsieur. I am altogether heart whole where you are concerned.? She 'aughed. saucily uj> m his face as she said it. * Permit rne to thank you for all the pretty bouquets and the lore you liave so freely lavished upon mc, and to say pleasant voyage, and farewell.' She made him a low, sweeping stage curtsey, the preliy piquant face all dimpling ivith laughing light, and nras gone from tho room before he could speak. Hβ could hear, ap little Sa?ciey entered briskly to Ist him. oufcj the sweet, ringing silvery roice carolling gayly, inane of tho upper rooms, iho Sag end. of one of her foags. CUATXEE "V." TJIE &AST; EEHYICE OF LAJJTBIKU. I 'The afternoon sunlight brightened I tho hospital wards, ? mid the many j lying in. tlicir infinite misery of psia I and fever iv.-tched it wearily with S their dulled aching eyes. TUo'man to J .whose e.tory tho littJo 'actress iir.d lisfioncd tho o-t'Caing before gazed at the golden glory on tho white walls, as ho tossed restlessly on his feverish 5 couch. He was wondering why Xjatty faird had not been there with tho letter she had promised to write for him long before. *Ife Is nofc like tho Ladybird to delay," ho thought. 'Something out of the common has kept her this time." *Am I late, Tbady ?' a voice said, close to his ear. Hβ started round on the other side, and saw the slim, little, graceful figure ho knew so ".veil standing beside him. Over her face she wore, for s wonder, a little mask o£ thick black lace. * I didn't want to bo recognized ia the street, , sho said, putting the voil back, * and I havo been too busy to come earlier. How arc voa to-day, Thaay?' ' Doing well, they say, , Thady responded, with a lialE groan, 'as if any one could do well cooped up hero. And tho letter, mam'salle ?' ' I hav'n't written the letter, There, , as Thsdy turned his eyea in wistful suprise and reproach on. her face, 'no ncod to look like that. There tvas no occasion to writo it—l lir.ve done niucb. Better. I have found —now don'fc jump, Thady—you'll displace tho bandages—l have found lleginald Veraon—your Eegiuald Veruon.' The man uttered a cry—his faeo blanched, his eyes dilated ' Miss Ladybird, for tho love of heaven- * 'Xbv. - , now, now, Thady. I told you not to escito yourself. Xes, your Kcginald Vernon is alive and well— he who -zras ones lord Terence Tyrone. I saw bits aad shook Issnds tirita him not three hours ago. Why, hoxr you stare. What is tisero wonderful iuit? Xoti never hesrd he v.-as dead, did you?' 'So; but—oh, mata'selle, , with passionate excitement, * for the love o£ heaven, tell mo all.- Who is ho? ?tvhero ss. ao ? how came you to know him ? does ha know I am here ? -when ahs.ll I sco him ? Speak quick, for heaven's love.' Ijadybiid laughed—her sweet, silrery, girlish laugh. ' Talk about; tfao impatience and impetuosity of women, and listen to thia ? A dozen questions ia a breath. Who is he ? Why, Colonel Seginald Veaoa, to be sure, the famous leader of the ' Devil's Own,* you bio;, 3tupld } Thady. Where is he ? Here in I Quebec. Jlov.- cams Ito knotv him ? j "Well, yon recollect fee story I told I you last nigjit ot Julie j?oireey and J IvSisband ? He is th?.t husbasjd. j ! Does ha kaow you are hero? Xot yet, but he vriii b-store this tide to- ; morro-.r, if you caa survive yoar | Eraatie anxiety so long. - There, I ! hopb you are satisSed,' ! She turned as if to leave hici, but ! the sick man grasped her dres3 ia an i o£ escitemoat. ; j ' Ladybird! ladybird! don't go— toil mo more. Tell mc, what ia ho to you ?' * I have told you suScicnt,' ladybird answered, with sudden hattteifr. ' I have nothing more to say on the subject, and you must permit mc to go. I have a great deal to attend to this afternoon, and all my patients to visit before I leave ttid hospital. Is it not sufficient that your idol lives, and will be with, you to-saorrow? . She bent over him kindly with the last words; the passionate, dog-like fidelity love ia the bbq's face touched her. 'He is not worthy such devotion, Tkady—no man alive ever was yet. Still I honour you for it. And now good day, and good-bye.' She pressed his hand, and SHtted swiftly away. And Thsdy O'Grady's ?last memory of tbo I?adybird wa3 that brightly smiling face," and the sunshine making an aureola around that graceful head. j At the earliest possible hour on the ensuing day, Colonel Ycmon pre sented himself at thocottage. Ho had been at tho theatre on the previoue evening with Trovelyan and a gay party of friends, i\nd iadybird had been at her brightest and moat enchanting, and been showered with bouquets as usual, and led out after the play, smiling and kissing hands to her enthusiastic audience. The sight had given, him unutterable pain. She was hla child, and he thought of what I she might have been had sent a sharper pang to his proud heart than ever the loss o£ his own hereditary honours had done- There was aa unusual bustle around tae tiny house, the front door stood wide open, and a woman with a red handkerchief over her head was wash ing windows. A little girl, armed with a broom, answered the officer's knock. ' Mam'sello ladybird!' she repeated after'him ; 'law, sir, sae'a gone!* 'Gone! Gone where ?* 'Left Quebec, sir—left this morn* ing. "What's your name, please ?— slie'a left a. note' ' 3ly name is Veraon—Reginald Version.* ' All riglit, sir!' cried tna girl, briskly ; 'the note' 3 for you, sir. "Wail a minute awl I*ll fetch it. Mother and mc, we're a cleaniu* up.*- Sbo darted away and was back im mediately, with a little oblong aoto in her grimy finger and thumb. * Colonel Keginald Vernon,* slio read from thejeavelope; will you step in tvhile you jead it ?* . ' Thanks—/no. I will read it liera.' Tno girf left hita, and resumed her work. . Ho leaned lightly cgsinsfc the door-jiost, and opened tleo letter. It was very brief end cold:— * Ooxonex Yssrcs'Cfif, — I write isltai I cannot trust myself to caff— fercicell- Zmay have been mi&fa;&en; in the past, in my estimate qfj/ou, but none the less 3o I feel hound- by my promise over my dead ;:wtj:-er. TVb ere belter apart — j ?ice otva cacfi other neither love Jto. , " 1 tlu-lt,' — let zis forget i-s evsr oner. Save \ no fear for :::s. I car. protect -myself, go?, tig as I am, and dangerous trs is my profession. So not follow or search for sac. Tfz/oii found mc to-morrow, tcJtat ?would it avail goa? IftTw day ever cornet: when I need voitr care or pro tection, I rcill send for you. Vntil then leave :.?jc in peace. A.nd- iioiv a last favour. Go to Hospital; there lies an. old friend, Thcsdi/ O'Gradj/, foAo 20 years ago saved gour life. 2£c longs for your coming ns ihe Mind long for sight. Adieu. ' LIADYEIBD-* Aβ Colonel Vernon read the last words, he started up with a suppressed cry. ? . ? "Xhsdy O'Grauy!—and after all these years! Tho shock o£ the surprise for a moment was stronger even than tho shock _o£ bitter dis appointment at. the flight of. Lady bird. * 16 must bo as she &ays;,' ho thought, as he strode awiftly away in the direction of tho hospital. 'To aoek her outwouMbatochanjje this dawning forgiveness into anger and hate. And yeS, poor lonely child, it seetss a cruel and heartless thing to do.' Ten minutes later ho was striding tlu-ough tho hospital wards, making hi 3 way to the humble friend who had ro many years ago rescued him from death—who had loved and cherished his memory as neither tho kiiKEsan he trusted, nor tho woman ho loved, had done. ' Thady!' It was the old familiar voice—the music for which Thad}' O'Grady had thirsted in vain many a. weary year. The cloudless azuro eye 3 looked down upon him as they hr.d looked a score of year.3 ago in old Ireland; the bright Ktai'e that lit tho isandsomo boarded face was the very smile o£ * auld lang syne.' The wounded man rose up with a cry—a cry of irrepressible joy. 'Lord Terry!' ho said, his whole face lighting" with ecstasy. 'Oh, thank heaven!' Colonel Vernoa laid his hand over the man's mouth with his peculiarly gentle, snel.incholy smile. 'Sot that name, Tbady; I have dona with it, now and for ever. lam Coloael Version, if yoa like—call mc so.' 'Blow ma if I will!' Thady responded, with sadden ferocity. \- Xoa're the 33arl of IJisntore, and no Stan on earth has a right to tiiat title while you live- "Why iiav'n'fc you gone, yc3r3 ago, asd torn the corouefc from that perjured murderer's head T ' 2J3SV. Xhady—easy ' So3so one will hear yoa. I.ly good jellow, you knew I csuld not. The caargo under which I Uα when 70a saved my lira, and took sao from Ireland, stands nnrehited still. I atn 3 felon —I can cJaias no civil rights.* * Ten can claim them, as you're 120 folon. And i£ you're the man I take you to be, you'll givo up everything— fighting feer? among the rest, though, it's a larky life, I allow —and you'll go back to the- old conntry, and you'll vindicate your honour, and. claim your lost birthright.* 'Easier said than done. Twenty years ago they found mc guilty, through, the perjury of two scoundrels, or higa felony, and the charge were as easily disproved then aa now. If I wont back to-morrow, woaM they take ?my word for it I did not murder Aileen O'Koarke? Oα. 130, Thady! Dc3t?i from a bullet I don'S so rancli mind—we risk that every day—bat death, at the bands of Jack ICetcfa is Quite a different matter. iaat I should be the first Tyroce or Lismore who reached that lofty destiny," he added, with a half iauga. '3Tor the last I hope,* Thady ! ground between his teeth; 'if ever j man was born for the gallows, Dennis j Tyrone's that man! Go back to England, Lord Terry, and fear the coronet and title he aolda from him ; show him to the world as he is—a liar, a coward, a perjurer, and a murderer !* The calm eyes o£ Colonel Vernon. flashed with, some of Thady'a own fiery passion. But his voice, when he spoke, held its habitual quite. 'You talk at random, my good fellow. 3>o you think I would remain a felon and an esile in a foreign land if the power were mine- to do as you say ? I know Donnis Tyrone to be a perjurer and a tvould-be murderer, but I have no power to prove it. If I had, no dread of detection for myself would hold mc back.* 'That way is easy,*' tho sick man said, vehemently. 'Only find that devil's limb, LuttreH. 'He knows everything, and will confess.* ' Will he.?* doubtfully. ' I am not suro of that. If he still lives, he ia doubtless what ho was twenty years ago—the slave aud tool of the other greater villian !* ' jSo, sir—no, my lord—there you are out. He is not the tool of Dennis Tyrone. He served that gentleman's dtrtypurposa, and when his work -.vac done, got flicked like II dog out of his way. He was sent to Noriold Island for 15 years, for some of his devil's tricks, and Ilia tirao vras only up a year or so ago. When be returned, a broken-down beggar, my IJord &is; moro's alms were the horsewhip and tho horsepond. I had a letter somo months ago from home, zrom oue Barney M'Gratb, aa old friend of mine that keeps a publictiouse, and he told mc Luttrell was a£ hi 3 place a week or so before he wrote. He was blind drank, and swearing vengeance against Dennis Tyrone. * I could tear him down from his high estate if I | choose/ says he, 'r.nd 1 will too—-the j liar and murderer J I wish 3Dord Terry '. \r ere nl ive to -day, I'd sooa tell Mta who drowned AiloenO'Bourize—aye, if they hung mo for jfc an hour after! I'd hang willingly so that they strung him tip too.* ' Barney and the rest,' Tbsdy continued, 'ect all this down £or drunken blather; but you and I know bettor. Go back, liord Torry —give everything vp —find out Xiuttrell, and. taako liitn tara Queen's I evidence. Yoall got. your owsj, and ! Dennis Tyrone v;ili get his own—a i hempen halter!' There was dead silence. The face of Colonel Veraou bad grown very pale and grave. ?' You v,-ill go, Lord Terry ?* Thady urged, in an agony of suspense. Tue man who - called himself Heginald Vcrnozi turned his strong deep eyes upon that beseeching face. ' I will go, Thady,' he said, slowly. 'You are right. Sly honour must he vindicated, if there he any earthly way. If what you cay bo true, and I do not doubt it, the way is open at last. I will go. I wjll find James liuttrell, if ha ia above ground, ami wring tho truth from him. They will hardly recognize tho sunburnt Canadian colonel as the beardless young lordling, drowned 20 years . ago,' with his thoughtful Biaiic; ' and if they do, it will go hard with them to prove it. "Would you have known mc again, Tbady?' ' The wide world over, Lord Terry! And yon have not changed much— grown stouter and browner; but, barring beard, nothing to speak -of. Oh, faiz, I'd know your skin on c. bush !' Colonel "Veraou hale laughed. S3 ho arose to go. The physician was approaching on his daily round. **They will bardiy be so sharp sighted,' ho said. 'In that world they never remember the absent long. I leave you now to return to-morrow. I shall depart for England neit week. . Ho quitted the hospital and waited briskly to his hotel. As ho approached ho oncousiterod Trevelyan, looking hurried and pale. 'Hare you heard?* tbo younger caan. asked, with suppressed excite ment. ' Ijsdvbird is gone V 'Ah!* ' She left this morning—tho cot tage is in charge of the owners. She, 3nd Madaino Sanchey, and Lion, made their escdus hy tho early train for Philadelphia. list night was tho conclusion of her engagement. She refused every offer to renew it, bade her friends farewell, and vanished. Do yon knovr anything of thi3, Colonel Vernon ?' asked Sir Tre velyan, with considerable suspicion. I?or answer, Colonel Tcraon placed the farwell note of the little actress in his band. " Knowing so much already, you may as -well read thia. I saw her yesterday, nrged her to quit t&s; stage, and peruaifc res to shield her with a father's lovo and protection. Thai is liar as3iTer.' Tra-slvaa read it with a very Wank I ££cc. ' Goatl heavens! wnat s. ?wiltiil, reckless sprite! And sha must be I oooycil. If wo followed and found licr to-morrow, as I suppose we could easily do, it would only reader her twieo aa defiant and determined. Wo must let net , go—mad, absurd efaild!' ' TVc must!' repeated Colonel Veraon, eyeing his companion keenly. ?' Pray, how comes the pronoun to be plural ? Have yea any especial claim upon ladybird, the actress ?* 3t Trevelyan looked rather discon certed, and the laugfo. with which ho answered sounded somewhat forced. ' Oh, no! of course, not, beyond the the ordinary claims of strong interest and friendly liking. She is bat a child in years—a very bewitching and precocious child, I grant yoa — aud by far £00 pretty to be tossed, like 3 stray waif, upon the stormy sea of life. And siio is your daughter, colonel? ?Poa my life, it's an out-ao'-oat romance !' 'A very maticr-cf-fr.ct romance," Colonel "Vernon responded, coldly, ' or which wo will speak no more at present. There is for it bus to do as she says, and trust that the day may come when she will scad £01; mc. 3leanwhile,l intend to be your fellow passenger next week to England.* ' My dear colonel, I am delighted !' said Trevelyan, with unusual warmth. ? I feo?ght'you could hardly be cruel enough to forsake a friend in the gre3t crisis of his life* The colonel smiled. ' Yoa mistake. I sympathise with you, but I go on urgent business of my own —business that will preclude all possibility of my visiting you.' * No business can bo so urgent as to preclude a week or two's sojoura to Trevelyan Court. And I want to introduce yon to I*ady Isabel- Ton will like each other, I am certain. You are a hero, and she is a hero worshipper. I ought to dread a, rival, bnt ray liking for you is stronger than my dread; so, my dear fellow, bo gracious, aud come. . Colonel Yernon looked at him an instant in grave thought. 'If he knew my mission,' he thought, *If he knew if; was to espese as a murderer to the '.vorid the father oc b.13 plighted wife—to atrip him of title, aud honour, and rank ! But to see her —Elvira —once more—to confront him —to look on the daughter of Elvira de Lerma! Shall I yield and go ?' ' Well,' Trevelyaa said, ' and what means that gaze—that face as solemn aa a churchyard slab ? Are yon de bating whether you will say yes or no ? Let mc decide—yes is iha pleasanter word. JLet it be; yes.* ' .Witli all my beart,* Colonel Vornoii responded, drawing a deep breath; ' let it hz jes' (To he continued?) 