SPIRITUALISM IN SYDNEY. 'Fiends, ghosts, and sprites, who haunt the nights,' have been giving some of the good people of Sydney a pretty lively nightmare recently. Whether it be that the inhabitants of the New South Wales metropolis are more prone to mysticism than these of any other Australian city, or simply that the com- mercial depression and various excite- ments due to the late monetary crisis have produced an undue degree of nervous susceptibility, it is certain that while the inner circles of the spiritists have been unusually active in dreaming dreams, seeing visions, and producing materializations, a much wider circle of dubious, but still sensible, people have been very much inclined to believe that 'After all there may be something in it.' 'With all my experience of these hidden wonders, ' says Dr. McCarthy in his article in the new magazine Cosmos, "tending as they do to revolutionize in me and uproot many strong and apparently well-grounded scientifio opinions, old scepticism will sometimes crop up, and I ask myself can such things be?" The worthy doctor, whose talented little girl of ten years old has recently made such a sensation in London by her wonderful violin playing, is a clever but nervously constituted man. in whom, perhaps, the excitements of the moment may tend to hide from view those circumstances at a spiritualistic seance which would give rise to greater doubt in a more phlegmatic mind. It has been wisely remarked that a sense of the ridiculous is one of the best safe guards which any investigator can have against being imposed upon, and cer- tainly a little of this faculty would have been, of service to some of those who have been so seriously and re- verently following out with exemplary patience the supposed revelations pre- sented by Mrs. Mellon, the medium. We published a few days ago an account, from a leading Sydney paper, of one of the seances given by this lady, and our readers will thereore be able to judge of the kind of performance which has been going on week after week during the past two or three months. 'Geordie,' the tall young man, and his companions, the black boy and the little girl, have been very much in evidence, and the witless inanity of their proceedings has been quite enough to inspire any rational being with a wholesome dread of ever becoming a spirit — at least after the pattern of the type displayed in the Sydney seances. A new light has, however, been thrown upon the matter through ths corporeal exertions of one of the onlookers, which clearly suggests that the three mysterious visitants from the world of shadows are none other than the medium herself done up in all the vulgar trappings of the "penny gaff,"' or any other form of third rate theatrical performance. This view of the case is, of course, challenged by those whose unquestioning faith rises superior to the evidence of the senses, but those of the enquiring circle who possess any real spiritual aspirations ought to experience a sense of gratified relief that a matter of fact explanation is presented for what has been so seemingly inexplicable. They should at least feel satisfaction at being afforded a means of escape from the terrible possibility that in the dim and shadowy land of spirits they might ba destined to become such as Geordie and the little girl and the black boy. Yet even in the previous seances there was surely quite enough to raise doubts as to whether the childlike ingenuousness of tbe serious-minded investigator was nob being trifled with. When, for in- stance, one of the smaller ghostly visi tants approached close to a member of the circle and was asked to shake hands in order that proof of its materiali zation might ba given, it appears that Geordie had no more ingenious excuse to offer for non-compliance than that the little spirit had no hands. Mutilation then would appear to have been added to the terrors of a future life, for it cannot be contended that the child's defect in this respect was due to an accident during its terrestrial sojourn. If such were the case, and if bodily mutilation were transmitted to the spirit form in the future state, is there any one who would be able to bear such an in- fliction, for instance, as the sight of all the headless victims of the French revo- lution? Could anything more blood curdling be dreamt of than the spectacle of a procession of heroes of the battle-field minus all those parts of their physical form of which they had been deprived by sword and shot and shell? When people imagine that the doctrine of the immortality of the soul receives any genuine confirmation from such grotesque presentations of it, surely they make a great mistake ! An American writer describes the case of a medical man who had been to a seance, and who exclaimed on coming away from it "What a comfort to know that immor tality is an established fact." But the author adds his own comment on that remark to the effect that "If he could have heard a man talking in a low tone of voice through an old tin dipper-handle at the south window of the ground floor, and occasionally swearing at a mosquito on the back of his neck, he would have hesitated." The photographic presentments of the Sydney materialised spirits would seem to bo equally depressing with the form of their apparitions at the seances — that ia to aay, if one may judge from the curious looking baboon face of Geordie, looking out of a draped white sheet over the shoul- der of a young woman, which appears as an illustration in Dr. McCarthy's article. Even a slight knowledge of photography would enable any one to detect, however, that this so-called spirit photograph is a fraud. The outline of the sheet against the figure of the woman has plainly been produced by something of the nature of what is known as stopping-out varnish, and while a shadow appears on one part of it there is none at all on another portion where one ought to be. There are two tricks by which these apparently wonderful ghost pictures can be produced so as to present a far more realistic effect; than is here shown. One is to give to the photographic negative half an exposure in front of eome person mas- querading in & white sheet, and after- wards to complete the exposure in front of some ordinary sitter. The effect is somewhat startling, for the form of the second sitter can be dis- tinctly seen through the figure of the first. The second trick is to insert in the camera a piece of glass on which has been marked beforehand the outline of the ghostly figure, not in visible paint, but in bi-sulphate of quinine or some other fluorescent invisible solution. The effect of this is that, while the shape painted on the glass is entirely unobserved by the person, taking :ho photograph, it affects the sensitive plate and produces all the appearance of some shadowy being in front of the agures of those who may happen to be before the camera at tha time. If any man will deliberately allow his faith in the unseen to rest upon the evidences of vulgar exhibitions depending upon dark cabinets, dimly lighted rooms, and photographic cameras, can it be wondered at that when the exposure ultimately comes he should experience a relapse into hopeless materialism ? , The Visit ok tue Adhiral.— His Excel leDGy tbe Governor gave a pionio at Marble Uill oa Friday in honour of the visit of Ad miral Bowdrin-Smith. Besides the Admiral and suite several of their friends were invited by Lord Kictore, so that about twenty-iivo picnickers drove away from Government House at 11.30 a.m. The drive to tbe bills residence was greatly appreciated by the vi6itorg, who were charmed with the magnifi cent panorama cf the plains, Port Ade laide, and the Gulf. They after wards spent a most enjoyable* day at the Hill. They returned towards the end cf the afternoon. In the evening m dinner party wa« given by His Excellency, afe whioh, besides the naval visitors, there were present ths President of the Legislative Coun cil (Hon. R. C. Baker) and Mra. Baker, Com mander (JreErcell, and Dr. Stirling, C.M.G., and Mrs. Stirling. There will ba another dinner party this evenin.?. ' Evening Journal' Portbaits. —To-day's Evening Journal will contain portraits of Admiral Bowden ? Smith and Lieutenant' Colonel Makin. Tue Guxpoat3.— The Katootnba will leave Port Adelaide for Melbourne on Monday, aud will be followed by the Goldfinoh on Wed nesday. They are expeoted to rendezvous at Hobarb tbe middle of next month. The Fivn-Ecrou. — On Mondny the Pro tector will leave Large Bay for a week's cruise, and all the reserve muBt be on the Largs Bay Jetty at half-past 7 that morninp. Customs Receipts. — Tho Treasurer rn ceivod from Custom dutiei from July 1 to October Io £147,11)4 15s. 8d., as against £15l-,697 13'. 4d. daring the corresponding period of 1893. Tho decrease thus represented is £9,532 17s. Sd. The beer duty collected up to last Saturday amounted to £785 la. lid. Liberal Political Association'.— At a recent meeting held at the North Adelaide Iustitute, Mr. F. A. Joyner presiding, after formal business coaneoted with tho approach ing municipal elections bad beea transacted Mr. *K. MoLaren, tho Hon. Secretary, addreBsed ths members on 'Payment of members,' and in a forcible speech strenu ously urged that no payment should be made to legislators for their services. An interest ing debate oa the question followed, the tiend of the expressed opinions being in favour of a modified form of the present system of pay ment. TnE Train Service to Callingtox.— The Chairman of the Railway Commissioners has written to Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P., under date of October IS:— 'JVith reference to our in terview wish the deputation which you introduced yesterday, I beg to inform you that on and aftor November 1 th« Mel bourne express will call at Callington when required upon previous notice being gives to the guard to set down and piok up by signals passengers booked to or from stations east of Servioeton.' i r t r\ 