A RENEWED SEARCH FOR THE TIGER. Constable Russell returned August25 from the tiger searob, and left again nextday. The banters found traces of the tiger in the shape of old broken traoks and tree trunks deeply soratobed by tbe animal cleaning its claws after the manner of a oat. They also Baw a number of mutilated sheep carcasses in the teatree sornb, where they had evidently been carried when alive. Arrangements have been made to scour the country with a party of about fifty horsemen next Tuesday. Since the Tantanoola tiger, who just now runs the bunyip very close as a mystery on the war path, started hissensationaloareeraboutayear ago a good many people have been on his traoks praotioally and theoretically. He has been trailed as a tiger, a Chinaman, a neglected house dog, and a dingo of gigantio proportions : but the lateBt idea is that he is a cheetah—the hunting leopard of India. He probably may .turn out to be a "oheater/'aliaB fraud, after all—it is more than likely. At any rate he is running his own show, and advertising himself. Mr. H. Nathan, the veterinary surgeon, has been in search of a clue, and wjth a view to future developments, has taken casts of severs! dogs about the size of a half-grown tiger, which he has left in this office for inspection. When Mr. Minohin, the Director of the Adelaide Zoological Gardens, took oasts of one of his oaged tiger's "spoor," it was with the view of showing that the traok of the felidee does not show the olawe, for they are retractile and only used for business purposes, and this wob valuable as » starting point in prospecting for clues. Mr. Nathan has taken the casts of the foot marks in olay of three typioatly powerful dogs. One is a mastiff, belonging to Lieu tenant Lundh, of the Protector. It is 3J years old; its girth 39 inohes; measurement from tip of nose to point of shoulders 15 inohes, and from shoulders to root of tail 34 inches; round tbe head inches, and round the forearm 10 inches. The track of tbe right forefoot of this dog measured by the cast is 3 in. by 4 in., and the hind foot 44 by 4J isa. Mr. Gledhill's mastiff Jumbo made tracks measuring 3| in. by in., and 4| m. by 44 in. His girth is 41 in.; the measurement from nose tip to shoulders 25 in.; shoulders to root of tail 32 in. He stands 31 inches high, measures 31 inohes round the head, and is four years old. A thoroughbred Russian boar- hound be longing to Mr. Tilley, of Adelaide—a fine ' animal ten months old, with a girth of 33 in. measurement,from nose to Bboqlders 20 in., shoulders to root of tail 31 in., tail 22 in., height 31J hi., oiroumfeienoe forearm 9 in., chest 114 iu., and meaeurementof head 21 in.; made a traok which measured, forefoot, 44 in. by 32 in. Tbe oast of the alleged tiger's footmarks now in tbe possession of Mr. Christie Bagot of the Royal Agricultural Sooiety measure 3| in. by 34 in. They were taken about twelve months ago in tbe vioinity of Tantanoola. We have been shown by Commissioner Fetorswald the oasts of the spoor of the "Minobiu. tiger,"and the im pression is that if the negatives bad been taken in deeper material the oast mightrhave shown the points of the claws. However, that is a question of experiment; very few people have praotioally realized the force of _ a tiger's foot mid lived to report lucidly on tbe experience. The above measure ments may prove interesting should the ghost' of the alleged grandchild of a oirous tiger be caught. There is considerable delay because tbe Tantanoola tiger refuses to leave his lost address, and all communications for him find ; their way to the Dead-letter Office. Sir j Oharles Todd would call him not the Tanta- j noola, bat the "Tentalieer tiger.". 