novelist. VAT BERKELEY HALL; OR, Tale That Is Told. 7 PRESTON LEE 0119. In faith, child, it was a start yoa gave mb then, standing in your whito frock ./before that portrait. 1 am grown old, Blow, and moro nervous than when in . years gono by I found my mistress gazing . at this same picture of tho young lord and his first wifo. The story of theso Tory paintings it was I promised to toll 70U ? Very willing to speak am I of thoso _ -days in which my thoughts still dwell, but Xyou must boar with an old woman's ''"lumblo speech. To bogin, then, tho old lord, Sir , ' Arthur, was on hiB death bod whon camo tho lottor from Mr. Harold in foreign lands. Long ago ho had gono to Florida, in the States, and married a Spanish woman, sinco whon his family know but #< littio ot him. v - But 'now this lottorcamo, pleading with Sir Arthur to tako his only child, a , -daughter, and caro for her in tho home of 'i hor ancestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that n lying on & bod of illness and nigh unto death, so great was his trust in his brother A that ho had raado arrangements for tho V child to depart for Berkcloy Hall as soon sb ho was gone from hor, knowing that hot undo would endeavor to tako placo t with hor of father and mothor. J Sir Arthur, on reading this as a mes- . oajfo from tho dead, was soro distressed, and bade me to hiin. | 44 Mrs. Wilkins," ho said, his poor voico all tremulous liko, " my brother, by this v rime awaiting mo boyond tho known, has \- iicnt his daughter to mo to rear, and much ! ' I fear that 1 shall not bo hero to welcome hor. So to you I give trust to make tho -'-littio ono happyimtil" my son Arthur comes homo to tako chargo of her." Thereupon gave I my solemn promiso to ao ray ucsc, oemg cue a young tiling my self, just turned cf twcnty-tliroc, and not yetayoar married. Mr. Arthur was tlio only son, aud a deep grief was it to tho old lord that ho was not with him in his last oxtreraity. .But Mr. Arthur had travelled away two years sooner, crazed with tho sorrow of his young wife'a death, and for all ho wrote regularly to tho old lord ho mado \- mo mention of his back-coming. Yes, that is tho young Sir Arthur and ' Ibis wife. She was tho daughter of a neighboring gentleman, and handsomo as you SCO, albeit too largo for my liking. "A fine-looking woman is mistress „ Elizabeth Berkeley," said ovoryono. But big and strong though sho seemed, she lay dead of a cold boforo they had ' been married four months. Tho young huBband was liko ono mad when tho brown hair and bluo oyes woro 'oovored away from hira, whorcupon his father sent him to foreign countries to auu& Aurguiiuiiiusa. But 1 was tolling you— an old woman .rambles, Iassio, and it soemR but yester day, theBe happenings. Well, tho old lord dlod and was laid away whore ail tho Borkoloys Bloop, nnd in a fortnight or less camo tho littio niccc. Ah, but sho was fair to look upon, was Bliss Agatha Berkoloy 1 When alto eat in tho shadow, one thought sho had hor Spanish mother's hair ; but when she camo forward in the tight, though it still kept its deep tono, it feeemod that surely somo of the cold radUoce of the moonlight in hor Southern country had warmed and molted in her tresses. And though hor shining bves ' wero black as' midnight, to watch her brows and lashes, her skin was fair as lilies, minding mo of nothing so much as of tho spotless snow that lies against the charred trunks in tho forest. Sho was hftoon when sho came to mo, this pretty, palo creature, but so small . that she looked to bo a child of eleven or twelve, and so pitiful in hor black frock ihat my heart warmed to her ; so that in itbe years that camo wo grow fast friends, moro liko to sisters than mistress and ( anaid ; for I served Miss Agatha as I had I Mistress Elizabeth before hor. 1 When bir Arthur had ocon notified ot £ho old lord's death and his young cousin's 1 arrival to us, ho wroto that as yot ho was \ not ready to return, but that Miss Agatha ; .was to havo all that befitted a Berkeley, enjoining upon Mr. Clark, his man of busi- 1 laess, the caro of this, aud of her gover- ! losses and mastors. Bub when Miss Agatha, amid now , TCOnos, put away her grief and becamo ser gay, childliko solf again, sho, and sho t jlone, roigned at Berkoley Hall. Tho old lawyer ran down from London fclmo weekly to brirtg pno governess and 1 tako aw£v another, and aJ! because Miss Agatha wold havo it so. Tru.fk as swoeb and lovely as she seemed, lQ- had Satan's own temper, and a time of terror It woro here when our pretty mis- t tress was crossed in anyway. But with me sho woanevcr angry. Foronorc.;son, It mattered not the question, I gavo way to hor, for beiug so little older, not woll coold I tako authority. Perhaps it may havo been as my husband — who was butler— said, that in this way I mado her ,0til& moro fiery and ungovernable ; but God knows I always loved my young tnis- .tresi jOnd would not willingly bavo harmed .her r ..Well; In some way time drifted by till , '1 «ha had ruled us four years, riowi« into this picture gallery, ono ovoning, I saw her all in whito standing liko a ghost boforo this Sicturo of Sir Arthur and Mistress Eliza- oth, his wifo, as you stood but just now, child. Being nineteen years of ago, ray mistress was still a child's height, slender and gracoful. Perhaps I am partial to by gone days, hut I think now, as thought I then, that nevor saw I so beautiful a woman. Woll, sho turned toward mo that ovening and called mo in her gentlo voico : "Hero, Wilkins." I wont up to hor boforo tho portrait. 44 Wilkins," sho said. 44 this is my cousin Arthur and his wifo ? 44 Yob, Miss Agatha," ' I answered, wondering at tho strango tenderness in her voico. 44 Why had thoy tho portrait mado in so odd a position ?" I told hor thon, as bat yesterday I told you, how that Mistress Elizaboth had a fancy for being done in tho pink and gray brocade sho had worn tho night Sir Arthur camo o-courting, and how ho, in his gay way, mado roontion that sho had best be seated upon tho samo divan, with him standing to look down 011 hor, ovon as ho had done that timo. And so tho gay young things had it painted, for all tho old lord's teasing. And tho day it was framed and hung, as I was seated hero with my broidery, on account of it being a cool spot, in thoy catno all smiles and happiness, to stand boforo it and praiso laughed at the admiration the nrtiet had caught into hor husband's handsomo faco, and ho vowed hers not half handsomo onough togivo her justico, scribbling with his pencil upon tho frnmo 44 Tho Eventful Moment," as I myself read whon thoy woro gono. Woll, all this and much moro I told Miss Agatha, sho questioning ino, in terested, in her pretty way. 1 spoko to hor of his griof, how ho had sought foreign wanderings, and her largo black oyes filled with tears. 44 Wilkins," sho asked slowly, 44 do you know I liko his faco? Ilovoit! Bo you think that my cousin will over como homo ? I should try to comfort him— and I could do it. I could indeed, Wil- kinB 1" Ah, sho was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. Well, just thon bohind us a stop sounded, and 1 turned to soe Sir Arthur ! Older, browner, handsomor, but still Sir Arthur. His oyes sprang to moot thoso of the woman in tho portrait, and ho stood still in a kind of spoil-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, sho turned paling to tho window, aftor a glimpso of his Arthur drew a deep sigh, liko ono rousing from a swoon, and for tho first timo seemed to see mo. 44 How are you, Mrs. Wilkins?" ho said, in his old, hearty way. 44 And is that my littio cousin over thoro ?" At this Miss Agatha roso from tho win dow seat and camo forward, putting hor slender hand into his strong clasp. Much nstonied was Sir Arthur to find his cousin such a woman, for ho had thought of hor only as a child, forgotting that timo had stood not still at Berkeley to await his coming. In the days that camo I was always with them, sitting, as need bo, at a respectful distanco with my work ; and well 1 know, long before Sir Arthur or my protty lady herself, that her heart was longing for his lovo. Ah, well, child, it was not strango. Sho had loved him boforo sho saw him, and now that ho had como ho was bonny to look upon, and always with tho ladies find fin n wnv tfinf U'n tnndnr nnd nfiiunl. rous. Tho old forests whero sho had wandered alone now know two young boings rambl ing in tho shade ; for hours thoy rode to gether, nnd long talks had thoy. Evon as hisprescnce was happiness to hor, so ho never seemed to tiro of hor playful ways, her soft, slow, swcot voice, her ovi , dent liking. Jlarely looked Sir Arthur in thoso days upon -the portrait called "Tho Evontful Moment," though ofton camo ho with his cousin for a romping game of battledore or graces in tho long gallory. Somo months had gono on in this way, and Miss Agatha grow each day moro gentle and sweet till well-nigh had wo for gotten her torriblo rages, when ono ovon ing sho entered hor room to robo for dinner. I had loft her a moment sinco readiug alono in tho library, but whon I glanced up at hor I saw sho was palo liko death, and had her whito teeth set oruolly 44 You may go," sho said quickly, see ing my look. 44 1 shall attend to my own costume to-night," I left hor at once, for I saw sho was angry, and wondering what tho cause, I wandered in horo, Then I know. On a couch before this picture lay Sir Arthur, his oyes fixed upon tho picture of his handsome wife. Ho did not hear my coming, and even as I stood thundor- struck, a shuddering sob shook him, and he said aloud : 41 So soon, my Elizabeth ?" Noiselessly I retreated and sought my mistress. If sho had seen and heard aught that I had her poor loving heart must bo near to breaking. When I entered the room sho was standing before tho long mirror, unfasten ing hor splendid hair. As it fell heavily beside her pale faco, it was liko heavy smcko drooping on a snow- clad roof. 44 Madam," I questioned, wondering at my own bravery, 44 what gown shall I make ready V 44 Did I not tell you that I should not uced you?"ahoansworcd slowly, liko one whoso thoughts are far away. ' Without unswer I took down a green gown, mcsnca over wuu wmto iaco, ono in which Sir Arthur had likened her to a sca-wavo with tho crest of foam breaking over. 44 It is in this gown that my master likes best to see you," I ventured again. Ab, my dear, I fear I should not bo so courageous nowadays. She turned fiercoly, and I thought hor angry oyes would burn through mo for an instant ; then sho cast hprsolf down in a wild passion of tears. 44 Oh," sho cried, and never shall I forget tho agonised voico, 44 oh, Wilkins, you know it 1 You have seen that I lovo him ! And— and havo I shown him ?" in broken whisper, " „ "kT- — oh, my poor child, no !" I mado , . \ , 4/say. <4It — ho— Sir Arthur loving haBto » vnows that sho loves loves his cousin, anu . . beliovo him in — in that way; that i& ' mo, that is all." In somo degreo was sho comforted, but her grief and shame overwhelmed her for a timo, and it was long cro I was permit ted to robo her in tho sea-wave gown ; and then, indeed, what with her pallor, sho was more like a spring snowdrop. For all I could see, my lord was as usual at dinner — a fine gentleman ho, with his powdered hair and rich attire— and fo Mitt Agatha, aiye thatiho spoko seldom, and then with downcast eyes. saw Sir Arthur look at hor curiously onco or twico, but ho said naught ; only whon ho was finished offered his arm to load her to tho mu&lo; room, I following aud sitting -pear tho window, as was my wont. Sir Arthur seated his cousin in a high- backed chair boforo tho spinot, and then alio spoko in a voico which was half a sob : 44 1 caro not to sing to-night." Bat my lord insisted, though ho saw sho wished to rofusc ; and presently her whito hands foil on tho keys, and sho ran oror tho proludo. Whon tho sweot voico caught up thu strain, Sir Arthur drow his chair closo aud Bat listoning with his oyos fixed on Miss Agatha's faco. 41 1 am thinking of theo alway— with a lave undreamed before ; I am longing for theo alway— lay this thought unto thy heart— 11 Suddenly hor voico died away and hor nervous hands crashed discord down tho koys. 44 1 cannot sing to-night, my cousin," sho said, answering his startlod look. 44 Not that ballad, but it may bo I Bhall do bettor with somo other." Over Sir Arthur's faco flashed a won- doring expression. Thon ho said with a gaioty strango and new : ' 1 cry your pardon, cousin, but wo must havo our samo ballad to tho very end." .1 A VOMMUV O.l.g «V, gently. 44 And if you cannot, why? Did you not sound that sweot voico through all tho strain but a week ago ? And doos tho nightingalo forget hor notes so soon ? Try again." And so poor Miss Agatha was forced to sing tho ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded heart, understood tho trembling tones in which at last sho finished : When the glowing crescent cradle gleamed that night from out the skies Then be spoko to me with langaogo— bo bad told me with his eyes/' Aa these laBt words died away Miss Agatha turned slightly, with a faint smile, and mot Sir Arthur's eyes. All tho truant blood flushed into tho whito throat and faco to meet hiB gaze. As for him, ho had gono quita pale, crushing tho musio ia his hand and loaning for ward. 44 Ah, Agatha, have 1 indeed told you what I havo so hardly struggled to con- coal ?' I hoard him whisper softly. Even while joy for hor fillod my hoart, I saw hor draw back in scorn. 44 My lord, you forget Mistress Eliza both Borkoloy 1" sho said. Ay, it was a cruel word sno spako, and forgetting myself in dismay, I had al most sprung toward her when I heard his voice onco moro. 44 1 do, sweet Agatha, though, as scomod moro ineot, I triod not to lose her from my thoughts. But a man can not chooso but render up his lovo with those black eyes upon him." When I percoived from her faco that not again would sho scorn hor happiness, I fled away and left tho twain, rojoioing that it was so. Woll, thoy wore married at once, and for all th loved oach other truly, thoy woro not happy. Poor Lady Agatha was joalous of the portrait of Mistress Elizabeth: she could not brook to see her husband looking so at her in tho picture. Well do 1 remem ber whon sho made a silk curtain and hung tho portrait over. As I said just now, sho was always a bit fanoiful and childliko. scarce naa i, assisting nor, completed the hanging of tho silk, whon in camo my lord. When -ho saw what she had boon about, his brow contracted as though somo sudden pain beset him, and ho questioned : 44 Is this woll dono, Agatha 9" 44 Ay, sir," she answered steadily. 41 It is well dono for my peacoof mind, though not, perchance, for your doBiros." And with that she ran past ua both liko a mad oroaturo, and flung herself sobbing on her bed. Sir Arthur, alw&yB; as forbearing as on tho night of their betrothal, suffered tho curtain to romain without further speech, and shortly after yielded to his wife's wish to navo their portraits painted, seated, as on that ovening in tho music room. Indeed, ho rofused her nothing, and when she bado him havo a name let into tho wood-work of the framo ho complied with but littio dolay, though sho would not icu mm wuoroioru auu wisnea it. 44 A Fauso in tho Music," sho had chosen, and though always it sounds to mo liko a fanoy picture, yot it wbb hor desire. Ono ovoning, when for some reason sho seemed sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur drow her in here for a game of romps ; but sho wont and stood bofore hor own portrait, hanging besido tho curtained one. When her husband came to her sido,she turned suddenly, leaning against him, and said sadly: "Ah, Arthur, it was an unhappy mo- mont when into tho musio of your life I brought my discordant notes. The music paused— never again to be so sweet." At this, comprehending her whim of tho namo, Sir Arthur was sore wounded ; but ho roproved hor gently for hor idle fancies, and presently she grew quite gay in assurances of his tender lovo. But it was only for tbo timo. Matters wont from bad to worse, and my mistress grow moro hard to bear with oach day. For tho first time she quarrelled with mo, her over faithful maid, and bor fits of passion camo oftonor and lasted longor. As a roveiacmn uia 10 coma to oir Arcnur nor uncontrollable temper. Always bavo |I believed that the poor child was near distraught for fear her husband should lovo hotter tho dead wifo than tbo living. Often wondered I at his marvellous ; patience with his passionate wife, for she would havo caused a saint to wax wrath, though I speak against ono dead and gone. Well, onoovoning, to nrako a long story short, my lord and lady sat at tea, and il was I who served them. Presently my mistress eskod her husband if his tea wero to his liking. Pleasantly onough ho answered, in his joking way, that it had been mado swootor for him in days gone by. My lord thought of bis indulgent mother and his days of boyhood, but my mistress was in a whito rage directly. "Would to goodness tho MistroBs Elizaboth woro hero to make it for you !" -<iried, id her insane jealousy, and ore siiv . what sho did, she had flung ho or I saw ... tho warm toa full in .. hut . I stood deprived by fear of mouo.., my lord, for tho first timo in a loug life, hod lost control of his temper. Dashing tho lea from his faco, and strode to her side, and oh, it was an ovil momont in which ho did such a cruol act i for ia far lots' time than I tell yoa in9 he bad Ufted the bare, pretty arm and brokon it against his knee 1 My lady sank back fainting, and my lord, when ho saw me dart to hor side, got himself away. Woll, he sent ofi" at onco for a surgeon, and tho arm was set. and much was tho wondorment as to the brouking. I could only 6ay that I had found hor lying so. Whon sho camo to herself again I was sitting by hor sido, and never shall I for get the anguishod look when slio saw tho bandaged arm and took rcraombranco of what hud happened. Sho turnod toward mo with wide-stretched eyes. 44 You will not lot him como in, Wil- kinB?" 44 No, my lady," 1 promised mournfully, and presently sho slept. But poor Bir Arthur's remorse was dreadful to witness. 44 How can I over blamo poor Agatha's lack of self- control," ho would groan, 44 whon my sinful tompcrhas led mo to so brutal an act 9 Do you thiuk she will seo mo to-morrow, Wilkins ?" But though on my knees I pleaded with my lndy in his behalf, sho steadfastly re fused each day to seo him. When I spoko of hiB agonising romorse, sho interrupted mo. 44 Wilkins, will you carry my husband a mcssago from mo ?" 44 That will I," I answered, right gladly, for mothought sho had relented of hor harshness. _ and her voico know no tromor, 44 that novor in this world, or tho noxt, do 1 wish to sec his faco again." t40h, my lady," I begged, almost stunned, 41 do not ask mo to tell him that !" 44 You promised. Go 1" sho said, coldly, and, with tears streaming from my oyes, I I wont. Sir Arthur lifted toward mo, when I ontorcd to him, a face which had aged fivo yoars in a fortnight. tf Well, Wilkins ?" no said, a faint hopo brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that cruol mcssago, I know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, I found myBolf back with my lady, and shivering like ono in an ague. No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, for tho time, I hated her. Whon she could have como from hor room, but kept it, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and when ho saw that it was oven so, he handed mo, one day, a largo onvelopo thick with contents, ask ing that 1 givo it unto my mistress. Sho perused the document coldlv, and re placing it, bade mo carry it back, at which my lord inquired eagerly if his wifo re lented of hor coldness. Whon I answorcd him rmr. n Innlt nf fil&nt; Hoimirfnll nvrtr tho handsomo faco. Ho told me tho onvelopo containod his commission, and that ho should go away on the morrow to serve the king, seeing that ho could not his wife. And my hoart bled for him when he said ho could not ride until ho had seen hor. So I mado bold to bid him follow mo to my haughty lady's chambor unannounced. When ho entered in I shrank back amid tho hangings, afraid for thiB thing that I had done. My lady sat gazing from her window, and did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it mo, until, struck by tho silonco, she turned and saw her hus band. 44 You !" sho said, in a voice mingling fear with scorn. 41 You I" 44 1 am como to say good-bye, Agatha," ho answered, cut to tho heart by look and tono. Then quoth my cruol lady, with hand outstretched to the door : 44 So bo it, faro theo well, Sir Arthur." Ho turned, leaving her presence, and his face was that of tho old lord, his father, when ho had lain doad in his coffin. Aud so my mistress let him away with out word of forgiveness or wifely lovo, evon though her heart raged in her boaom through worship of him. But she chide mo not for tho bringing of him to her chamber. For many months wo led a right lonely lifo in Borkoley Hall. My master wroto most regularly to his harsh lady, and each lottor she read with indifferent mien, handing it therewith to me, that the ser vants mightknow how their master fared. This news carried I to tho servants hall, and of tho war, but knowing my duty, spoko naught of the passionate tenderness and pleading for forgiveness which filled his pages. Never a line of good or ill did my mis- nuoa jjtnt, iioiu uy uui wiv&uu; prJQC. UUv 1 when tho wintor came on severe, and tho great house grow chill and draughty, then did sho grow cacti day moro unlike her self. No longor did sho road, or sing, or run, childliko, through tho groat halls. Hours now sho passed gazing out at tho snow-clad forests and gray skies ; and oft- times at night, when tho gusty winds roared through tho crocking trees and whistled sharply at tho house enrnorn, would I see hor straining her eyes out through the darkness. And on ono such a night I found her weeping in the win dow seat, and I knew she pondered on my lord, homeless, and battling not alone with men, but with fierceness of tho ele ments and a despairing heart. It was thon I plucked up courage to beseech my lady to write and bid her hus band home again, knowing how that she had forgiven him long since. Which same, after much bitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. But for her stub born prido now was she punithod by a waiting long and grievous to be borne, in which wo heard not from Sir Arthur, save rumors of battles hard- fought, won and lost, and of many killed and wounded. xu mousey spnug ray mistress ion ill unto death,! and after many weeks, in which it seated that tbo struggling soul must surely ci cape tho fragile little body, I robed her onco more, and carried her down to the groat hall where sho liked best to be. And I think wo both wopt for very happiness that sho had not fied aw&y; during thoso months of suffering. And now shi saw that it was summer time for the trc3s wero hcavy-leavod and tho grass sprutg greenly, and still hor ono thought web for tho warrior husband for whom in siicnco sho had grioved herself down into tbo shadow of death. As tho he? days dragged by wo saw that health was not for her again unless tho absent cams. For sho grew no stronger, and when Ijifted her from chair to couch, or carried her along tho stairway, almost it was as thpugh I field my own infant in my arms, j Ono otenrng, when I hod cushioned hor in the deep window seat, with tho sashes all thrown vide that sho might feel tho faint breeze steal across hor wan faco, sho spoko to mo of this. 11 Wilkins, do you think ho will come Andlt knowing of whom shetfeotlght, mado haste to answer : ' , 44 Surely, my lady j in a tfff 60 I now, at tbo utmost, ' f 44 Bat Wilkins," hor answer came, mingled with a sob, so weak was sho, poor lamb, that scarce could sho spoak without tears, 44 but oh, Wilkins, thopl may not bo hero 1" So choked was I with tho fear that sho spako tho truth, that I could only kneel at hor sido and kiss tho thin hands. With that sho looked at me keenly, and reading my faco drow in her breath sharply onco or twico, ob a person" wakened suddenly from deep sleep, then turned hor faco again to watch tho stars, calm and bright above earthly unrest anil gloom. Presently I sank low on tho floor, lcau- ing my head lightly against my mistress, and so wo sat far into tho star-lit night. But bethinking mysolf of hor fooblo btntc, I besought her to allow me to bear her to hor chambor, and when sho answorod me not, a cold foar sprang, liko a clutch ing hand, to my heart, for I saw that she had swooned. Tho next day my lndy naked mo if I would render hor a service. 44 What would I nutV"! asked, where upon quoth she : 44 When I am gono, do you tear tho silken covering from tho portrait of iny husband and Mistress Elizaboth, and should ho como again, toll him I bade it dono. But firmly am I persuaded that in another world ho noes my sorrow and re pentance, and I mysolf will havo his lovo and pardon ore many days." Nevertheless, sho said to mo, a littio 44 1 am trying hard to await his coming, but It is so long— so wearily long!" and again : 44 Ah, many and many a broak was thoro io tho two-fold music of our lives! Mino wero tho discordanccn and tho failures. Tell Arthur that now 1 havo paused to tako breath for nn endless har mony." No, it had not bcon a happy marriago, that of my lord and my lady, and yet thoy lovod each othor. Sly lady's Spanish blood hod spoiled her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gavo him no clue to tho wild pas sions and changing moods in tho woman ho had won. Woll, my sweat mistress Agatha was sinking lowor and lower, and all wero despairing of her lifo, when my lord came homo. Riding hard he came, mud-hu- spattered and travel-worn, dashing np to the great hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown tho stair was I coining when I saw him on the threshold, and ns ono paralysed ! stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But my master strode across tho hall and up tho stair to whero I halted, his jingling spurs and clanking sword sounding strangely harsh in that quiet house. said, merrily. ' Do you mistako a man for a ghost that you stand and stare? Where bides roy dear lady ?" And then mothinks ho must havo seen troublo in ray faco, for ho graspod my arm so that it was blue for many days, and demanded hoarsoly : 44 May it please you, sir," I said at last, 44 my mistress is very ill ; I fear this sud den joy will kill her. Let mo toll hor you nro hero, lest—" 44 No, no I my swoothcflrt will not dio of mo I" he cried. 44 And lovo shall snatch her from tho very gravo 1" Ho sprang past mo and into tho cham ber of my mistress. I hoard n wild scroam, and then rank trembling on the stair; for only that day tho doctor had said a sudden shock would kill roy poor lamb. But, ah 1 I need not havo whimpered so vainly, for from tho hour of Sir Arthur's coming Mintress Agatha rallied ; and her dark eyes soft and tender with happi ness, hor husband carried her, not I. in truth, ovon had ho not grudged mo that sweet service, sho had grown mucii too heavy for my poor arms. The picture of Mistress Elizaboth was presently uncovered by my lady's own hands, nnd in tho days to come often stood sho boforo it with hor husband, ad miring its fsir beauty with never a trace of jealousy or anger left in her chastened heart. For lovo and suffering had dono in her their work. Many years havo passed sinco thon, child. I am an old, old woman, out living husband, master, mistress, all I loved. 1 can only wait patiently for the briof days to end which separate my dear ones from thbfond heart that loved thom so, and which is faithful still. 