Hog and Horse. A RACE IN ILLINOIS. We are unable to ascertain to whom die. eredit for this truthful racing tale should be given: Once during time, the proprietor of ahotel in a little town in Illinois was a horse fancier. He was such an enthusiast that it was common talk that his boarders would be more likely to live if he would devote more attention to the bill of fare and less to horse. Buat he continued to talk horse and the undertaker still thrived. One day he suddenly disappeared When he returned he brought with him a horse. lie caled it a runner and saidit was bred in Kentucky, although no one believed he went beyond the Egyptian distriots of Illinois to get it. Sped the months, and to all the boarders came a feeling such as we read of in patent medicine advertisements. The landlord talked of nothing but the speed of the horse. At last, in a state of mental aberration, a suburban resident named Turner offered to bet that the horse could not beat one of his hogsfor a quarter of a mile. After the penin sular on the landlord's face had grown red enough to do credit' to a Kentucky colonel, he replied. that he would bet all kinds of money that no hog could outrun his horse. Whilo his mind was still on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 dollars, which was immediately covered by the landlord Then Turner's senses came home. Now, 10 dollar bills are not as plentiful with him as they were with Cortez after he discovered Mexico, and he at once fled to a point of seclusion where he could think out a scheme for saving the de posit. He thoughtandthought. Heo thought about the hard times; about how great Ananias could have been if he had lived in an age when fame was acquired because of having owned fast horses; but firstly and lastly he thought about that lOdol. Turner had some Poland China hogs which he claimed had been imported direct from Poland or Iceland, he wasn't positive which, but they were of the bar-tender variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman is ofpaseinglaws that would benefita town. At last before his mindappeared aghost. It must have been a ghost, for an animated frame of bones can't be anything else; this chost was nothing more nor ites, and it could not have been any less without parting with the tail, than a Southern wind- splitting, razor-back hpg. It was of the same kind that a Misi sippi scientist thought would make admirable substitutes for the carrier pigeo?s if they could be induced to return home at the top of their speed. Tur ner knew that a razor-back hog would go farther for a feed than a policeman after a drink, and at a much faster gait. He con cluded it was just what be wanted. He gained aconcession of six weeks for training, raised thobet to 60dol., and at first oppor tunity imported a shadow of a hog. His first plans matured rapidly, and when the hog arrived he was ready. The first lesson wasi like teaching a small boy the danger of eating green apples. It consisted of placing a bucket of feed tit one end of the lane and trying to start the hog in at the other. Finally the hog was persuaded to go down the lane. Of course it found the feed. , It was not neces sary to diet the hog to make it hungry. The instant it was in any other condition it ceased to be a razor-back. To make a long, story short, that hog proved to be the most apt student ever seen in Illinois. The lessons were repeated daily, and the hog allowed to go down the lane at a clip so hot that if the race had occurred in Sodom or Kansaa City either town would have burned. The landlord got a little bit shaky about starting his horse against the hog, but his money was up, and on the day appointed he came to the score. The entries were to be sent from a standstill start. Everybody was told to. let ready. A score of idle hearts wasted for the word. It was given and the hog released. It started with a "booh" that would have frightened a Chicago mayor and went down the road like a frightened comet-. For at least five seconds the horse did nothing btt rear and snort his disapprovalof such a con test, and when once started it was evident he would rather do anything than overtake the object bobbing up and down in the distance. The hog won. -Turner pookoeed the 60dol. and moved to town. The landlord sold the horse, bought a hatchet, and over since has been engaged in chopping the wood and out. ting off the feet of spring chickens.-" The Horseman." The Princess di Galatro, noe Mackey, the "Silver King's" daughter, seeks a divorce. Grounds, thoe Prince's ex travagance. " The French anarchists continu'e to threaten further outrages by way of re prisal for. the measures being taken agiinst thein by the Givorunment. They now declare that they will destroy the Hotel do Ville in Paris with dynamite. 