General News. Correspondents and the Elections.— We wish our readers to distinctly under stand that we accept no responsibility in connection with the opinions of corres pondents. This is the permanent head ing to our " correspondence " column :— " Our columns will be open for the discussion of matters of general interest, but we do not. necessarily identify ourselves with the views of our correspondents." Letters are inserted in fairness to all—but we do not identify ourselves with the opinions expressed. Whatever may be the nature of letters that have appeared or may appear in our columns during the. election campaign, The Southern Cross emphatically disclaims any attack, or attempt to attack, the Labor party. Mr. J. V. O'Loghlin's Election Meetings.—Mr. O'Loghlin, in conjunc tion with the other candidates for the Northern District, will address meetings as followsCarrieton, Friday, April 27, 8 p.m.; Orroroo, Saturday, April 28,7.30 p.m:; Yongala, Monday, April 30, 2.30 p.m.; Petersburg, Monday, April 30,' 7.30 p.m. ; Dawson, Tuesday, May 1, 1 p.m. ; Naekara, Tuesday, May. 1, 7.30 p.m.; Clare, Wednesday, May 2, 7.30 p.m., which concludes that week. The following week's programme will be duly advertised. Mr. O'Loghlin will be glad to meet his friends aind supporters at the above places'. As he will be probably away from; The Southern Cross office till end of Mayj 'communica tions for the paper should be addressed The Southern Cross office,'' 113King Wil- • liam Street, Adelaide, and will 'be duly attended to. Any communications on political matters'shoifld'beadilressed to Mr. O'LogMin at either of the advertised plaees of meeting, aCe&tdihjg; to 'date. The Absent Voters' Act.— In view of the forthcoming Legislative Council Elections the1 following information re the procedure under the Absent Voters' Act may be useful to those who may be out of their districts on the polling day." Last year the Act was amended by providing that personal application shall not be necessary. Any elector may apply for a certificate to vote through the post office, by a declaration on a form provided, which must be signed and declared in the pre sence of a justice of the peace, or a post master. Where the elector resides at a distance from the returning officer this, will be convenient. The following is a. summary of the Act:— " Any voter who. shall have reason to believe that he will be absent from the electoral district-in. which he is registered as a voter on the day of voting,' shall be entitled any time after the issuing of the writ to obtain a. certificate from the returning officer, by personal application or by forwarding, declaration that he is registered as a voter upon the electoral roll and entitled to vote at the forthcoming elections. The applicant for such certificate shall make a declaration before the returning officer—1. That he is the person named on the register of voters. 2. That he makes the said application believing that he will be absent from the district on the forthcom ing day of voting. The returning officer shall, if he think fit, put to the applicant proposing to vote certain questions. If the applicant shall refuse to answer any question, or shall answer the same in such a manner as to show he is not qualified to vote, the returning officer shall refuse to grant the certificate. The certificate shall be made on the back of an envelope and handed by, the returning officer to the elector, together with a voting paper, with instructions how to vote. The elec tor applying to vote shall sign his name in a book acknowledging receipt of the certificate and voting paper. The elector shall indicate the name or names of the candidates for whom he intends to vote by writing the names of each such candidates on the inside of the voting paper. The elector intending to vote through the post office shall iu the presence only of any postmaster in South Australia sign his name on the counterfoil on the back of the voting-paper (folded up), to be wit nessed and stamped with the letter- stamp of the day and date then being used at the post office. The voter shall then and there in the presence only of the post master insert the voting paper in the envelope on the back of which his certifi cate for voting has been signed by the returning officers, and shall enclose them in the envelope supplied to him ad dressed to the returning officer of the dis trict or division, and having sealed up the same shall at once hand the same to the postmaster for delivery." St.FrancisXavier'sLiterarySociety. —The usual weekly meeting of the above society was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Thursday, April 19. The vice president (Mr. A. J. Korff) occupied the cliair. The programme for the evening was "Elocution and Essays." The fol lowing recitations were delivered:— " Waterloo," by W. Pritchard ; " Who stuffed that white owl ?" by J. O'Louglilin " A slave's dream," by J. Ward ; " Caoch O'Leary," by P. Burns; and "Thelast minstrel," by A. J. Korff. J. Moroney gave a short paper on "The barometer." A fair amount of criticism was indulged in by several members. The chairman an nounced that the programme for next evening will be " Debate," subject " Has. the introduction of labor saving machinery been beneficial ?" A Useful Book.—"Arithmetic made easy, or Howard's art of reckoning" (pub lished by Cassell & Co.). We last week made a brief reference to this new and valuable educational work, a further examination has been to us a succession of pleasant surprises. The various arith metical problems are presented in a new and a clearer light; the abbreviations and short cuts are sometimes startling and al ways fascinating. The author has cer tainly produced the book that has long, been wanted in both .the school and the counting-house. It is emphatically a timely work, eminently suited to the spirit and requirements of this age in which time-saving appliances play so im portant a part. Interest, discount, per centages and other business reckonings may be made by these rules with such ease and rapidity that we regard the book as an essential part of the necessary fur niture of a business . man's office. Asa school book it is pre-eminently calculated to make the learner "quick at figures," with the greatest possible economy of time and study. Every schoolboy and girl will have;good reason to mark with a. red letter the day on which these simple and easy rules ,of arithmetic take the place in our schools of the clumsy and complex methods with which they have been puzzled in the past. -Suburban Auction - Mart. — Messrs. Clark and LilT announce inqur advertis ing columns that they have opened an auction mart at the Parade, Norwood, for the convenience of customers. They also -act as valuators, house; land, and' general 'commission' agents. Auction sales are conducted by1 thiB firm in Buy part of the colohy, on reasonable terms. St. Raphael's, Pakksidb.—The mis sion conducted by the Rev. Father Hunt, C.S.S.R., during last -week wasmost suc cessful, the evening services especially being crowded, many non-Catholics also coming to hear the eloquent preacher. Great numbers approached the Holy Sacraments during the w6ek. It was most. impressive on Sunday evening to witness the entire congregation. holding aloft their lighted tapers, as they renewed their baptismal vows. On Friday even ing the Confraternity of the Holy Family was solemnly established, its members being consecrated and, receiving their medals and ribbons. On Sunday morn ing the Renewal was opened at the 9 a.m. Mass atj, Mitcham, where it, will continue ' during the week. Mission at Mount Barker.—Follow ing are further details of the successful mission conducted by the Rev. J. Peters in this district. Having brought the ser vices to a close at St. Francis de Sales' Church, he opened a mission' at St. Mat thew's, Blumberg, on the following Tues day, which lasted three days, and was well attended. The rev. gentleman also addressed the members of the H. A.C.B.S. on their duties to the rules of the society. On the following Thursday he preached at Woodside, and opened a mission at St. Thomas', Kanmantoo, the nest day. Returning to Mount Barker he preached a sermon at the Church of the Sacred Heart, and established the Confraternity of the Sacred Heart in that parish. Pro ceeding on his way he visited the follow ing places and opened missions in each:— Our Lady of the Rosary, Stirling East; Church of the Evangelist, Echunga ; St. James the Less, Macclesfield; and St. Barnabas,' Strathalbyn. Father Peters is much pleased with the result of his good work, as many hundreds of people, who had neglected their duties for years, ap proached the Blessed Sacraments during the missions. Speakingat Mount Barker at the conclusion of his mission, Father Peters expressed his pleasure at having been in their midst and hoped that his ministrations had been a comfort and consolation to them and to Fathers Landy and Martin. The services had been at tended and the Sacrament partaken of by some parishioners who had kept away for many years, and only two or three had not availed themselves of the opportuni ties afforded them. He urged them not to absent themselves from church and thus give the priests the sorrow of feeling that all their care and trouble was in vain. It was a mystery to him how men and women could live happily while they denied themselves participation in the Holy Sacrament, the source of peace and joy. He strongly urged them to intro duce into their families the blessed habit of daily common prayer. St. Lawrence's Literary Society.— The usual weekly meeting of this society was held in St. Mary's Schoolroom on Tuesday, April 24, the president, Rev. F. O'Neill, occupying the chair, when there was a large attendance of members. The minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. The business of the society having been dealt with, the pro gramme arranged was of a miscellaneous character, in which the following mem bers took part—Messrs. Holmes, Bergin, McNamara and Freeze (recitations), and Messrs.. Smith and Mullany (songs), and acquitted themselves in a most able man ner. Criticisms were made by Messrs. J. Smith-, Holmes, Bradley, Donoghue, Collins, McNamara, Bergin, Freeze, Mullane, and Hyde. St. Ignatius' Guild.—The usual fort nightly meeting of this society was held in the Kensington schoolroom on Monday evening, April 23, the president (Mr. W. Cronin) presiding over a moderate atten dance, including the Rev. Fathers J. Peters, S.J., and T. O'Brien, S.J. After Miss Alice Daly had played an overture, Miss B. Gommers sang " Marguerite " in good style ; Mr. M. J. Martin following with a recitation, " Paddy the valiant." The Rev. Father Peters, S.J,, addressed the members, and expressed a fervent wish to see a much larger attendance of both ladies and gentlemen in the future. Mr. W. Ryan recited in capital style /'The drunkard's last scene," after which Miss J. Gommers contributed a song. "Please give me a penny," which was sung by Mr. T. J. Ryan, brought the meeting to a close. Presentation to Mr. Broderick.— On Wednesday evening last, at the Catho lic Schoolroom, Gawler, Mr. P. J. Bro derick was made the recipient of a purse of sovereigns . on the occasion of his leaving that town for Adelaide. Dr. J. P. Maher, who presided, after explaining the object of the meeting, called on the Rev. Father Kelly, o3., to make the presentation. Father Kelly said he con sidered it an honor to be called upon to make the presentation to one who so ricdilydeserved.it. JHe had known Mr. Broderick for many years, and during that time he had an unblemished record, his zeal and integrity in the cause of work in. connection with the church were . wor tby -of aU . praise. In handing oyer the purse Father Kelly expressed the hope it wopid-remind Mr. Broderick pf the reepectnfjhis friends, and further serve as ju pleasqnt; memento of, the/long friend ship that existed betweenthem, and which, though he was removed from Gawler, would still continue. Mr. Bro derick, in reply, said He found it dimcult to find words to adequately thank Father Kelly for the kind nurds he had spoken of him, or to his friends, for their gene rous gift. In any thing he had done he had regarded it as a duty and pleasure. He sincerely thanked them and could assure them he would never forget the many kindnesses he had received. Mr. Broderick, who is a native of Gawler, re moved to Adelaide a few weeks' ago, and now fills a responsible position in a city firm. St. Patrick's Literary Society.—The usual weekly meeting was held in St. Patrick's Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, the vice-president (Mr. W J. Denny) presiding over a fair attendance. ® minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. It was decided to ask Mr. C. W. James to act as umpire m the debate with St. Ignatius'Literary Society, which takes place on May 1. Messre. J. A. Morrissey, L. M. Jacobs, and J. Mul laney, were appointed as a committee to arrange for competition with St. John's Young Men's Society. The programme arranged was a lecture by Mr. W. J. Denny on the "National poetry of Ire land." The lecturer in an able manner entered enthusiastically into the subject, and delivered in good style several pieces from the works of Ireland's best authors, with a short sketch of the history of the Nation, and extracts from the works of O. Carolan, Thos. Davis, John Mitchell, Clarence Mangan. Mr. Denny proved to be thoroughly at home with the subject, and at the conclusion was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The lecture was discussed by Messrs. J. A. Morrissey, M. Hart, L. M. Jacobs, J. P. Dohetiy, P. F. Keogh, and J. C. Cavanagli. The Hibernian Society in Sydney.— The members of the H.A.C.B. Society had a pleasant gathering and secured a bold advertisement in connection with the annual breakfast last Sunday morning. It wasn't, however, all show and speeches, for in the true spirit of the society, which is Catholic as well as Hibernian, the city and suburban members to the number of some 400 marked the occasion as in for mer years by attending Mass in a body, and receiving Holy Communion. This year St. Patrick's was the church selec ted for the religious part of the celebra tion, and as a matter of course "the subsequent proceedings" were held in the Federation Hall, of which Father Le Rennetel and his parishioners have so much reason to be proud. The hall was prettily decorated, and when the mem bers with their green and gold collars sat down to breakfast the scene was strikingly bright and cheerful. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney, presided, and Mr. John Too hey, District President of the Society, filled the vice-chair. "To What Base Usages?" — The South London Music Hall, a building as large as the Melbourne Theatre Royal,^ is built 011 consecrated ground. It occupies the site of the old Belgian Chapel (says the London correspondent of the Mel bourne Advocate), one of the few places in London where the light of Catholic Faith was kept burning during the long, dark years of persecution. It was only in the cliapels maintained in London by the am bassadors of tlie foreign Catholic powers that Mass was permitted to be said. When St. George's Cathedral was built, close to the old Royal Belgian Chapel, the latter was closed and the site sold. St. George's is now the Royal Belgian Chapel, and the King of the Belgians, whenever he visits London, always goes to Mass there. The British Navv.—The terms of the circular issued by the First Lord of the Admiralty show that the total demand of tlie naval estimates for the year is £17,336,100, an increase of £3,126,000 on last year. We are to lay down during the year seven first-class battle-Bhips, six second-class cruisers, and a few sloops. This will give ns, when they are built, twenty-nine first-class line of battleships against a possible combination of twenty eight between France and Russia. Ships are useless without men, and the First Lord of the Admiralty makes due pro vision for manning these ships when they are put in commission. This is the main part of the naval programme for the year, but it is far from being all. Deadly Dumplings.—"I once read a tragedy called 4 The Deadly Dumpling,' " said Flynn from Florida, " and the three principal characters in it were two men and a maid-r-and the Deadly D. of course. The names of the men were Parke and Clarke, and they were both up to their ears in love with the maid whose name was Darke. Parke was the accepted lover, and Clarke having received, an abrupt dismissal, vowed. to have revenge, One Sunday Parke dined at his sweethearts house and the dish of the day consisted of dumplings made by the girl's own cookery school-trained hands. They, were terrible missiles, and if fired from aa 80 ton gun would sink a . wbolp squadron^. Parke struggled manfully witho^e, but watching his opportunity he slipped another into Tiis shirt bosoin and made some excuse to leave the house for half fin hour. Of course he merely wished-to throw the pastry pill awav, but as he turned the corner of the street Clarke dashed up, iired a revolver poiut blank at his rival's breast, and then turned the weapon and shot himself dead. Parke was saved, for the assassin's bullet was flattened against the dumpling he carried next his heart, and he would have married the maid and lived happily only he died that night from the effects of the deadly dumpling he had swallowed." Poor old Parses—"Flaneur," in the Sydney Freeman, says:—" Home once more from a .foreign shore," is the song ' Pa Partes sings to-day, but although he saw plenty of gold in West Australia it doesn't appear that any admirers put a cake of the precious metal in his hat or asked him to leave them a lock of his hair in return for a 30 lb. nugget. While at Perth our great patriot, poet and philo sopher advised the people to elect pure souled representatives (like himself) if they wished to be happy and prosperous, and not follow the awful example of New South Wales, whose Premier actually said " d—n" and dined at picnics with publicans and sinners. In return for this fatherly advice.the men of Perth pre sented Sir Henry with a walking-stick, which was a highly significant hint that their distinguished visitor's room was pre ferable to his company. This led to our G.O.M.'s prompt return, and fears are now entertained that we will never be able to even give him away or lose him in a crowd. Sir Henry's political sun has certainly set, and so far as party leader ship is concerned he is now as dead as his own " Kiama Ghost." Rider Haggard and his Yarn.—The question of the immuring of nuns in Mexico has at length been set at rest to the satisfaction of Mr. Rider Haggard himself, who at last confesses that he had been mistaken in concluding that, the re mains preserved in the Mexicau museum must necessarily have been taken from the walls of a convent. But the subject is too interesting to be dropped, and accord ingly we now hear of fresh discoveries of bodies found in various positions in other Mexican vaults, and the discoverers have, as a matter of course, one and all jumped to the conclusion that in some way or other the authorities of the Catholic Church are thereby convicted of very se rious crimes. To these new and shadowy accusations, however, an an swer has been given, however Jittle they deserve one. A Mexican gentleman at present residing in London, but who has been for years engaged in engineering works in his native city and its environs, communicates to the Pall Mall Gazette an explanation which ought to satisfy all but the most rabid and unreasoning bigots. He states that until quite recently (namely till about 1870) every one who died in Mexico was buried or walled up in a masonry tomb. This is simply because the ground in the valley in which the city is built is so saturated with water that ordinary graves cannot be dug there. Consequently the old cemeteries invari ably consisted of courts with walls around them in which were tiers upon tiers of masonry graves. Searching for the Light.—Says the Universe:—Mrs. Besant, who went out to India to preach theosophy (whatever is meant by that delusion), has joined the Hindoo religion. If it would not subject us to imputations of libel, we might almost imagine that this too clever woman is bor dering on the verge of what the Ameri cans term "crankism." She is tossed about by every novel wind of doctrine. May she come to the truth in the end. It is the worst fate we wish her. She has groped into many dark corners of the cavern. 