SPORTING. By ' Man'J.vitk. The half-yearly mooting of members of the Darlington Point Turf Club was held on Saturday, 24th ult., at the Puut Hotel. The balance sheet and report for last year's operations was submitted. The credit balance, shown as £52 0s 2d, was deemed satisfactory. The usual votes of thanks were uccorded to the officers. Capstan's rider lost a stirrup-iron alter going a couple of furlongs in the Newmarket Handicap. Under the circumstun.'cs, Capstan's performance in getting fourth was an excellent one. Mr. Wilson sent Carnage nnd Warfare to ftyuuey on Wednesday. The Deruy winrer is engaged in several events at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting, und it is hoped that the change will improve him, and that he will bo fit to race at the meeting. As a mark of respect to the memory of the late P. M'Gowan all Mr. Andrew Chirnside's horses wero withdrawn from their V.R.C. engagements ou Wednesday. The jockey G. Buxton, who was injured through Principle falling with him in the V.R.C. Bourke Handicap on Tuesday, is progressing favorably. A ghost created considerable alarm in a viluge churchyard in the West of England. The apparition, clad in ghostly. array, was in the habit of swooping down upon wayfarers with the request, ' Show me my grave V* He made the request once too often. Hef,. was captured, and turned out to be a human' being, who has since been laid up with influenza. In the race for the Australian Cup, soon after the flag dropped Goldreef took up the running, and passing the stand he was well clear of Light Artillery and Broken Hill. There was but little alteration uutil round* ing the bend, where Goldreef compounded, and Light Artillery, dashing to the front, led into (lie straight, with Broken lit II and Portsea in hot pursuit. Light Artillery held his own to the distance, where the lightly, weighted Broken-Hill had taken his mea sure, and although Portsea made a gallant struggle under his heavy load he could nob reacn nroKen mil, wno, nmsumg wen, won by three parts of a length, a similar distaiico separating Portsea and Lteht Artillery, close behind whom wore Tarcoola and Titan. Broken Hill was a much better horse for the- ring than Portsea or some other horses would have been, but lie was by no means neglected in the betting, and the South Australian contingent, a small but select party, throw in for a stake of £10,000 or so, obtained ut prices ranging from 100 to 5 to 100 to 7. Broken Hill was bred by Mr W. Blacker, at Fulhum.park, and is by Richmond from Gratitude, by Countryman from Serenity, by Sauntcrer from Gratitude, by Nowminster. When Mr Blacker's yearlings were sold in 1801, Mr David James gave 200 guineas for Broken Hill, and the colt has ever since carried his colors — blue jacket, canary sleeves, aud red cap — which iu South Australia arc very po pular. As a two-year-old Broken Hill won two races, and in the following season lie was three times successful, but after ruuniug in the Adelaide Birthday Cup he metwitlran accident, and he did not sport silk again in public until he was stripped for the Bruns. wick Stakes, won by Cooya. Iu the South Australian St. Leger Broken Hill ran Vakeel ' to half a bead, ami on another occasion he was beaten by a head only by Port Admiral, to whom he was conceding both age and weight, so that it was no disgrace for Port-' sea to bo beaten at a disadvantage of 2st 9lb by Broken Hill. The winner is engaged iu the Onkuparinga Cup at 8st 121b, including 7U- penalty. Carnage opened out the hottest of hot favorites for the St. Leger Stakes. Those who had not made inquiries reckoned this the best of good things for tho ' most bril liant colt of the season.' Those who had were not so sure about it. They had learned that the son of Nordcnfeldt and Mersey had beeu fretful and off his feed since he left his home. And he looked it while being paraded iu the paddock. He had a tucked up appearanco that good judges by no means liked. Aud what- a game *un he proved. Twice he looked like being beaten out of a place ; then cauie again like a lion, and was only defeated by a length. The St. Albans colt was beaten, but by no means disgraced. 