AMUSEMENTS. The production at the Bijou Theatre on Monday evening of Mr. J, H. LvonB's new andoriginalAu3traliandrama, "TheSquatter's | Pardon," is creating a considerable amount of interest, and judging from the success which has attended the rehearsals of the drama it should meet with a favorable reception at the hands of local playgoers. Mr. Walter Bentley has a congenial part as Sam Short, the hero of the drama, and Mr. J. H. Lyons has written a comedy part for himself, in which he Bhould appear to great advantage. The Misses Moffat and Woodcock are also well cast, and Miss Mary Bancroft_ has a bright little s character to play, which is eminently calcu I" lated to display her capabilities as a soubrette. "The Squatter's Pardon" will be well mounted, new scenery having been painted for the occasion, and a crowded house may fairly be anticipated for the initial performance. A capital programme has been arranged for the forthcoming benefit to Mr. H. J. Whit tington, the late treasurer of the Theatre Royal. Miss Guli. Hack, A.R.G.M., and Miss Lucy Stevenson will contribute vocal numbers, and Messrs. Beaumont Read, A. Duncan, N. Malcolm, and W. Warner will also sing. Mr. Morley will recite, and the Adelaide Deutsoher Turn Verein, under the direction of Mr. Hugo Lesohen, will give an exhibition of Indian club swinging. The dramatic portion of the entertainment will in clude " Written in Sand," by the Thespian Dramatic Club, and a farce by the Royalists. The tickets for the performance are going off freely, and there is every reason to believe that a substantial sum will be handed to the beneficiare. All the arrangements for the Bentley Webster concerts are now completed, Mr. P. A. Howells having taken the matter in hand. Miss Isabel Webster arrives in Adelaide next week from Melbourne, and will be assisted by Mr. R. Nitschke, Mr. A. Duncan, Miss Mary Bancroft, and others. Mr. Bentley's contri butions to the entertainment will comprise - " European Guides," a humorous sketch by Mark Twain; "The New Editor," by Max Adeler; "The Dream of Eugene Aram," by Hood; and- "Our Family Vault," a most amusing trifle by Brete Harte. Mr. Bentley may also recite "Tarn o' Shanter." The Cyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo was again well patronised on Friday, and the additional attractions of Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted fountain of laughing waters once more met with enthusiastic applause. Mr. Lockley's lecture and the i musical illustrations given under the direction of Mr. Dennis Keenan add greatly to the pleasure of the onlookers, whose unanimous ! verdict is that the show is a thoroughly interesting and delightful one. ' A very attractive programme has been arranged for to night's Continental, when Mrs. E. W. Oldham and Mr. R. Nitschke are to sing. Mr. Nitschke has jusb returned from Melbourne, where he has filled most successful engagements at the Exhibition, Liedertafel, and Kowalski concerts, and his reappearance at the Continentals will be heartily welcomed. The Mediterranean will be illustrated by ex ceptionally good and interesting views of Marseilles, Gibraltar, Cannes, Nice, Corsioa, Monaco, Genoa, Naples, Sorrento, Capri, Malta, and Algiers, the exhibition concluding with a representation of a fire in London. An excellent programme of promenade music will be given by the Eastern Suburban Band. Miss Ada Crossley, the well-known con tralto, who i3 leaving Australia at the end of March to continue the study of her profession in Europe, will be tendered a complimentary concert by leading members of the musical profession in the Town Hall, on Thursday evening, March 8. A most attractive pro gramme of vocal and instrumental music is in course of preparation. The City Volunteer Band gave a concert on the Rotunda on Friday to a large audience. The programme, carried out under Bandmaster Hodder, consisted of:—March, "Boccaoio," Suppe; polka (solo), "Triple echoes," Jone3; selection, "Norma," Bellini; waltz, "Lille," Strauss; selection, " Gems of Wales," Hare; quadrille, "Monte Carlo," Williams; waltz (vocal), "Thine for ever," Fabian Rose; and march, " British patrol," Asoh. ' 