TR .WELLED ON CHEEK. ORLANDO BOGGS GIRDLES THE GLOBE. Fiasco Chronicle. Orlando Boggs wanted to go around the world, and he had nothing on earth to go with but time and cheek. It has been said that time is money, but for some reason Mr. Boggs found it impossible to convert his time into any collateral for bread and meat and steamboat fare and railroad riding and other necessaries incident to living or travelling. In taking stock of his resources one day, it suddenly occurred to Boggs that his cheek might be more available, and he put himself into a dark thinking trance. Results followed and Orlando Boggs went abroad ; in fact, he went all round the world and left home without the ghost of a penny The ocean steamship Orpheus was advertised to sail on Saturday night at 12 o'clock. Captain Eindlcy, one of the jolliest and most sociable of old sea dogs, was the master, and just on time the planks were pulled in and all was made snug on board for the ocean voyage, and 110 one suspected there was an extra passenger banging to the rudder post. The Orpheus was a first-class passenger liner, and she ploughed through the water at a lively rate, having made about 200 miles at lll-P:vk'f:ls:f timn nn Knrwlmr Captain Findley was about the deck taking a survey of the weather aud looking after things in general before going below to eat, when a commotion at the stern of the vessel attracted his attention. Going aft lie found that a man without shoes, hat or coat had just clambered over the rail of the ship and stood there dripping wet. The first mate was there and had asked the stranger who he was aud how he came 011 board and to these questions the dripping man's reply was merely ail inquiry as to where he could fiud the captain. ' 1 am the captain, sir,' said that jolly old fellow, all iu a maze at the spectacle before him; now who 011 earth, or rather on water, are you ?' ' Glad to see you, captain,' replied the visitor; ' sorry 1 haven't a card with me, but you have doubtless heard of Orlaudo Boggs ; I am lie.' ' Well, Mr. Boggs,' said the cap tain in still greater wonderment at the easy affability of the man, ' I am not sure whether I am glad to see you or not ; I must confess, too, that I never heard of you 111 my life ; out with it man, and tell me who you are, and how yon happen to be on my ship ? ' 'Captain, I am Orlando Boggs, the swimmer. How I happen to be here is simple enough. Last evening I came down to the beach, as is my usual custom, to take a swim. My system must be out of gear in some way, for when I was out thirty or forty miles I went- to sleep and evidently kept right on swimming. It was just daylight when I awoke, and, looking about me, I espied your ship. Ivnowiuff mv average sneeJ. and judging by the rising sun what time it was, 1 inwardly roasted myself , for going to sleep and getting so far from land without any preparations or supplies. I began to feel the gnaw ings of hunger, and realising that it would take me several hours to re turn to the city, I determined to over haul you and ask your hospitality for a meal, and here I am. That's all there is to it, captain.' ' Why, confound it man ; you don't mean to tell me that yrou — why man are you crazy ?' ' No, captain, I am not crazy, but I am very hnngry.' ' You swam all the way out here and then overhauled my ship going twenty miles an hour ?' stammered the captain ; ' you did this ?' ' Why, certainly ; you don't know my record, captain, or you wouldn't be so incredulous ; that is nothing for me, sir.' ' You come right down to my stateroom, Mr. Hoggs ; you can have anything you want on this ship.' Mr. Boggs, for sure enough it wa/i that same individual with plenty of time aud cheek, was soon fitted out with dry garments and was enjoying a hearty breakfast with the captain. During the meal he related to the cap tain numberless performances in which he had been engaged, and altogether j proved decidedly entertaining. His wonderful swimming experiences in ' And now, Captain Findlay, allow I me to thank you for your kindness and your hospitality,' said Mr. Boggs, as he finished his coffee ; ' if you will have the steward tie me up a bundle of sandwiches and let me have my wet clothes I will start back ; I want to reach home by supper time at least.' ' Now, see here, Mr. Boggs, 1 like you, and as you have intimated oncc or twice you have nothing particulai on hand just now, I want to invite you to stay aboard with me for the round trip; I shall take it as a favour if you will ; come now, say yes.' Mr. Boggs declared he would be de lighted, but called the captain's at tention to the fact that he had coiuc away from home without money or luggage. ' How can I, captain,' said he, ' with ouly a pair of pants, a pair of suspenders and a neglige sbirt ?' ' Don't you worry about these things,' replied the captain; 'you can have all the clothes and money you need while you are with me ; you are my guest as long as you will stay.' And so it was arranged. Cheek had sncceeded in taking Mr. Boggs across the ocean in first- class style without a cent. It was a jolly trip both for Mr. Boggs and the captain, and the former made himself very entertaining to all the passengers ; there was nothing too good for Boggs on the Orpheus. On arrival at Liver pool the captain and his guest went ashore for a little change. One of the first things that struck their notice was the advertisements of a great swimming contest to take place that same afternoon. A great champion had challenged the world to swim for a stake of 1000dol.,the test being both speed aud distance. 'Why, here, Boggs,' exclaimed the captain, ' this is just in your line ; you ought to enter this and win that money ; will you, if the entries are not closed ?' The question for a moment stag gered Boggs, but lie quickly braced up and replied that he would only be too glad to do so. The captaiu went to make inquiries and presently returned, saying lie had made ail the arrange mnntc mi/l lin/1 iMif in-. 4l-..rv cut* tiy uiuiiuty. Boggs told him he would be obliged to draw on him for a little money to get some necessaries for the match, and his friend gave him the cash without the least hesitation. Boggs then disappeared, but just about 15 minutes before the time set for the start he showed up. He was a sight. He was dressed in tights, and on his shoulders and arms were numberless bundles and packages, among them being a small oil-stove and some utensils for cooking. The captain greeted him warmlv. ' All right, Be everything you wa ' Yes, I guess cheeky individual. ' ; know anything abc and 1 am iu doubt ought to take along . uu/oeu ' What's tha t ?' si coming up. 'Ham dont mean to say you ming with all that What is it all, any wa' ' What is it ?' rep surprised at the questii . . is it? Why supplies for the trip, of course.' 'Supplies!' yelled the champion. ' Why, how long do you expect to be gone?' ' That depends entirely 011 you, sir,' replied 13oggs with dignity. 'All 1 have to do to win the money is to swim longer and faster than vou do. I only intend to keep just ahead of you, and if you should keep me out in the ocean for a month or two I don't want to starve, do I? Where are your supplies, sir? It strikes me it is time for us to start.' ' Say, see here, mister, is that the way you always swim ; do you mean to say you go out and stay two or three months at a time ?' ' Certainly,' said Boggs. ' Two or three months are nothing. 1 swam one match with a native Malay which lasted twenty- one months. Come on, let 11s start. ' Say, mister, I don't think I want to swim with you ; you are out of my class ; I give it up and you can have the money ; I am willing to give it up just to have a look at a man rigged out for a three month's swimming match ; you beat me you do.' Orlaudo Boggs now had plenty of money for his trip abroad, for the Captain insisted on his taking the 2000dols. They went up to London together, and after seeing the English capital Mr. Boggs went over to the continent and spent several months in keen enjoyment encircling the globe, seeing all the sights, and he did it all on his cheek. Orlando Boggs' trip doesn't boat the one we offer very much, for ours only costs 10 cents or five two-cent postage stamps, and you become the owner of the handsomest art album ever pub lished. Our portfolios of photographs each contain sixteen magnificent views of the sights and scenes of the world, and it will pay you to look at the offer we make on another page, and to clip out the coupons regularly. In the course of a ipeech made in a recent case tried in the Mayor's Court, counsel told this anecdote of a learned judge who used to sit not more than a hundred miles from the Guiidhall, The case he was trying was against a railway company for the loss of a bag. After a somewhat lengthy hearing, the judge summed up to the jury thus: — 'Gentlemen, the plaintiff claims damages for the loss of his bag against the company. ? Thev are alwfl.VR lnainir liami * fliav Inuf , . ? ? ? j ~ , BUOJ WOB mine when I was on circuit. Con sider your verdict.' They id; and found it very easy to arrive at a con elusion. Sir Henry Parkes spoke atBathurst on Wednesday night. and likened 