. SAILING NOTES. BY "TILLER." 'I On Saturday afternoon thero aro to be throe raooB , in tho Hamilton reach, namoly, two swoepstakos of 10s. -botwoon tho olinker 18- footors und tho.lG- footors; and a raoo among - shurpies upto 18 foot. Thoroare fivo entered for tho first and second racos. Tho 18-footors aro tho Yuruna, Luhra, Kiarra, Lily, and Vigilant ; and tho Myoo, Ireno, Pearl, Arfomn, and DaiBy aro tho 16-footors. Tho last two boing carvels liavo to. allow tho eliukors 4 sooouds por milo. . Mr. F. Diokson wiU aot as umpire and starter, on board the Patrol. The 10-footors start at 3 o'clock, and the 18-footors 5 minutes later. Tho eourso starts ut tho Humilton, down to tho Mitgnzino buoy, buok to tlio Hamilton, rouud Cmrnoross buoy, and haok to Hamilton. For the shui-pies, Mr. J. H. Whorout is umpire, starter, and stakeholder. Tlio first prizo is £1, prosouted by Mr. F. Porry, nnd tho sooond tlio ontrnnoo money. Tlio courso is from tho Bullotin's shod, down to Cah-uoross buoy, and haok to startling line, going over courso a second timo. . On Suturdav afternoon, December 1, a raoe among tho olub yachts takes pjac'o over a course starting at the gasworks, koeping stoainor ohunnel down to tlio .blaok buoy off Luggage Point, and baok to tho Hamilton, keeping murk boat on tho port hand. Tho Oolormi, . Isabel, Thalmar, and Gondolier aro sure to bo starters, and tho Harriotto' Anne arid Petrel will in all probability also ooropoto. Noxt Thursday afternoon, ut 5 o'olook, tho entries will oIobo witli tho soorotary. Mr.-H. Anderson's now oarvol 18-footor iB to ho out on Saturday noxt in ohargo of Mr. E. Clurko. Tho Humilton syndioato, 22-footor is now planked and timbered. Sho will ho ready in. about two wcoks' timo, and is oxpeoted to com pete at Olovoland on Separation Day. Mr. Ward's yaoht Thistle left on Saturday last for a week's oruiso in tho hay. Tho Bottling of tho Hurapybong regatta is to take plaoo to-morrow evening. , Tlio silver model yaoht presented by tho Goldsmiths' Hall Company to tho Queensland Ynolit Club last souson, nnd whioli was won by tho Bulletin, is ubout to bo handod over to Mr. J. II. "VViioreut, tho prinoipal ownor of the well known raqor. A now oarvol 14-footor nnined the Mermaid mndo hor appeuratico on Saturday last in tho Milton roaoh, nnd, it is said, 'sailed remarkably well. Slio is to bo moored nour the oonoreto wall, North Quuy. In Sydney on Saturday last (says tile S.D. Telegraph) under tho uuapipos of tho Royal Sydney Yaoht Squadron, tlio sovontli race for tho Dunbar Cup wus sailed over tho Botany eourso in a strong south-east breeze. The starters and handicaps woro as follow : Thelitis, scratch; Arohina, 12 mins,; Iolantho, 1G mills.; Isea, 20 mins.; Assegai, 27 mins. Isou, Iolantho, and Asaogai could not face the trip outsido, and put buck nftor opening out tho heads, loaving Tholma and Arohina to con tinue .tlio contest. Tholma boat her op ponent by 7 mine. 21 socs., apart i from tho time allowanco granted to Arohinu. A raoo for 10-footors of tlio Sydney Dingy Olub wus Bailed ovor tho Shark Island oourso for two prizes of £3 3s. and £1 Is., and resulted in a win for Young Clivo, witli Venora sooond mid Noel third. Tam o' Shunter, Raco- land, and Carina oapsizod. . Venora swampod when in tho leading position, and camo iu second. Viking also started. Ton boats entered for the ruce of tho Sydney Amateur Suiling Club, numoly Bui Bid, Varunu, Biittoi-inj, Naiad, Netta, Ada May, Sophia, Brownie, Tuipo, mid Ncttlo. The prizes woro £4, £2, and £1. After a very good raoo tho Notta won by 2 mins. from tho Tiupo, whioh boat Buttercup hy 55 boos. Tho third raoo of tho, season of the Sydney Flying Squadron took pluco over a triungular course of 3 miles on Saturday lost. Tlicro was a strong south -onstor blowing. Fourteen boats woro entered, and it was suiiod in two lionts nnd a final. Tho Scoret, Nereid, Lady Duff, Young Harry, Volunteer, Ghost, and Ethol started in tho first boat. During tho raoo tho Ghost carried somothing . away, nnd retired. Lady Duff capsized, and tho Ethel swumpod. It wns a vory exoiting finish, only 29 soos. 1 botweon tho four boats, tho Sooret boing first, Neroid second, Young Harry third, and volun teer fourth. Mr. 0. Wobb sailed tho Volun teer, and G. Holmes tho Young'Hurry.'Fortho secondheattlioEsmeruldu, Ariol, Connie, Bottinn, Stella, Cygiiot, and Aztoo started. Tlio Aztoo led tho way to the firat mark. Cygnet onrried away hor jib outhaul and retired. Esmorulda wus first, Ariol second, and Azteo third. A protest wns entered uguinst tlio Esmeralda for not carrying the colours both sidos of tho mainsail, and the Aztoo wus allowed to start in; tlio final. Tho Soorot, Neroid, Ariol, Esmeralda, nnd Aztoo started in tlio final. it was a bad start, und the Seoret won by 10 soconds from ' tlio Nereid, tho Ariol boing third, 47 seconds behind. Tlio prizes woro, £12, £5, und £3. Tlio. uompetition for Mr. Mark Foy's spooinl prizo of £5, for tlio crow with tlio neutest and most suitable uniform, resulted in tho 18-footor Aztoo being awarded tho prizo. Tho crows of Ariel, Stollu, and Esmoralda looked vory well. Wo undoratand it is Mr. Foy's intention to donate a special piizo for a similar oompotition at ovory l-aoo of tho squadron. 