A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER X. When Marion woke, the first and the last thing she could call to mind was the sensation of picking her way in the dark among a labyrinth of rat holes. Up to that point, everything was clear ; between that point and the moment of her waking ran a blank wall. She remembered every de tail of her flight from Piggot'B Town, and of her forlorn tramp to London j her collapse in the square ; and her being carried into a strange house by a strange girl. But all this did not account for tide utter weakness in which she woke — a weakness 'not of fatigue, or even of exhaustion ; but of a kind hitherto unknown. She had felt plenty of fatigue during her wandering girl hood ; but a night's rest * had never failed to restore her elastic nerves and spirits to their proper spring. Now, however, she felt that she had no spring left in her. It was as different from her waking in the Clarence, after her happy voyage in the Sumatra, as could be. Then the return of thought had been a new birth of joy ; now the very simplest thought required an effort and implied a dread of succeed ing. So she lay back on her pillow, and let her eyes wander, without any help from her brain. She' was in a small but clean and fairly comfortable bed in a large, bare loom, uncarpeted, and with almost as few bedroom appliances as her room in Euphrosyne Terrace before it had received its share of drops from the golden shower. And, . like that, this also had neither curtains ! nor blind to the window, which had apparently never been cleaned for many years. The furniture consisted mainly of boxes, open and shut, whole and broken, heaped or thrown about like the contents of a lumber-room, which they altogether resembled. Meanwhile the room itself had obviously been meant for better tilings than the reception of useless lumber, whether in. the shape of broken boxes or hopeless girls. No Piggott had been so generous of length, depth, and breadth ; had built -walls bo capable of shutting out the faintest sound from without ; had framed a painted ceiling in an elabor ately carved cornice 5 and had set up a mantelpiece of polished marble. Naturally, the ceiling drew her eyes to it more and more — a group of Cupids, all rose and carnation, disporting themselves on a skyblue ground, and bound to gether with loose garlands of impos sible flowers. The work had no doubt been considered fine in its way 5 but the effect was now considerably in [ juied by large patches where the blue had turned green or browns 5 one Capid had lost^a face, another a leg 5 most were cracked, and all were fly blown. It seemed odd, even to Marion,. that she should be so much leBS occupied with herself than in speculating on what must have been the original attitude of the particular Cupid whose best leg had fallen a victim to gan grene. But the occupation was so much less unpleasant and entailed so much less trouble ; and, after all, the Cupid seemed ever so much more real than she. And there seemed something familiar about the creature, too. She had a dim impression of having watched it trying to dance whole tours together — sometimes by gray daylight, sometimes by a flicker of I flame casting shadows that made it I really seem to move. Of course itB familiarity must be sheer fancy ; but then, so were any number of much less unlikely things. At any rate, the Cupid was some thing to hold by, and to keep her wits from wandering altogether away. Then, weary of looking, her eyes travelled down a long waving strand of cobweb, thick and black with ac cumulations of dust, and connected with, a whole labyrinth of strands and webs in every corner of the room. Futile attempts to gain a clue to that vast and complex system of a spider land where brooms were unknown occupied her between sadden sleep ings and sudden wakings over and over again 5 and whenever she slept she dreamed she was awake ; and whenever she woke, she fancied, her self sleeping. It was during one of the latter fancies that the 'thick thread waving loose from the Cupid's remaining knee guided her eyes to the girl who had been the chief among her last real memories- She gave no start j she felt no surprise. She only lay and gazed. Yes — it was the same girl, little and quaint, dressed plainly in black, and engaged in sharpening some small instrument on a whet-stone, on which she poured now and then a drop or two of liquid from a small phial. And as she sharpened she partly whistled, partly hummed, a alow jumble of tunes. It was better than looking at the one-legged Cupid or the spider's cable. But at last the sharp eyes met hers. ' Why, you axe awake I' said the girl, on her feet in a moment, without seeming to go through the process of rising. 'Wait a . minute, and you Bhall have some beef tea. How do you feel?' j:.; '??'?['.? ' I don't know^said Marion, won dering what had* become of Jher voice. * I don't ttnnfr I feel any*Mn]g*S,t sSL' ' Ah ! that sounds - better. The Nonsense you have -talked, to be eure. But you musn't bother to talk yet 'while. Go to sleep, ^here's a good girl Pll send fox the doctor as soon as he can be spared. Pm not the fcuree, you know.' . : 'Doctor? \Nurse? Have X been °1P Ib {bis a hospital J- Or is It ? v '; '? ??'« ' . ;:-- ??. A madhouse, she was going to addj but the word was too heavy for her tongue. 'HI? Rather! Ill and a half, / should say. But sever mind j you're going to be all right again now.' ' How long have I been ill F' ' Just three weeks to- day.' ' Three- weeks ! I've been three weeks — here?' : ' Nowhere else, for «ure. But don't fret about that. You might have been four.' *? And where ? ' 'Are you?' asked the girl, who never seemed to require a question to be put into words. * Oh, never mind about that. Everybody must be some where, you know ; and what's the odds -where you are, so long as you're there?'' ** Is it a madhouse ? ' ' Well, no;' said the girl, looking at her extra sharply. -'No, not a bit of it,' she said decidedly. 'So you needn't be a bit afraid. Oh, we're awfully sane people here, especially me. Stephen may be a bit cracked, now and then ; but then he's a genius, you know f so he's bound to foe ? ' 'A hospital?' ' 'Lord, no! Nor a palace, nor a workhouse, nor a church, nor a theatre, nor a gaol. There, don't worry ; you're going to have some beef tea.' ' Have you a name?' 'Oh, never mind about names. Everybody must somebody, you know; and what's the ddds -what you're called, so long as ? ' ' But it is great odds,' said Marion gravely. ' I want to know by what name to think of somebody who found a stranger fainting in the street, and has been nursing her for three weeks long.' ' Come — stow that !' said the girl sharply. ' I always know what I'm about- — catch me! Of course you've been' no end of trouble — you're right enough there — but it's not been bad ~hxa., and — there. I'm making a pre cious mess of it,' she laughed. 'And I'm Cynthia 5 it's a funny sort of name ; but I am.' ' Cynthia. Perhaps — perhaps I shall be able to say what I thbik of you— of I ever get strong again. You couldn't tell how much more grateful I should have been — if you had let me die.' ' Ah — you are better ! Nobody ever talks about wanting to die so long as there's a chance of being took at their word. Stephen's always wanting to die, too, but he never does it ; and once, when there was an off chance of his getting sudden death ofE a bullet, Lord, you'd have split your sides to see him scuttle under the table! You see, he's one of them that7 s all Fire and Dew.' ' Fire and Dew ?' echoed Marion. ' Fire and Dew,' nodded Cynthia gravely. ' I can't tell you what it means, because I don't know, but so he says ; and if He don't know what he's made of, you can't expect me.' ' And- with this, 'which might be sim plicity or might be satire, and -without seeming to walk, run, or fly, she was out of the room again, leaving Marion ignorant of where she was, or with whom, or what' had been happening for three whole weeks to herself or to the world. It seemed possible for any human being to be so completely cut off from all human life as to know nothing of herself but that she was alive, and absolutely nothing more. Indeed, she thought, as she closed her eyes again, she had much better have died out and out, and have done -with loneliness, once for alL- - - But 'by that time Cynthia was back with a large cup of strong broth, for ?which a certain voice within her began to clamor, and would not be denied. When, Cynthia holding the cup, she had swallowed a few spoonfuls slowly, she heard a tap at the door. Cynthia produced her cloak sud denly from somewhere, and threw it over Marion. ' Come in !' ' And, at the word, in came a de formed ghost rather than a man ; or rather, a pair of big black eyes, to which hung a shadowy outline of- an owner, very badly, drawn. The creature shambled half across the room, sat down on one of the boxes with a weary sigh, and glared silently. ' Thaf s your doctor,' said Cynthia, throwing him a nod. ' Not a beauty, is he? But then, ugliness, you see, is but skin deep ; but Genius, ah, that goes to the bone. You see she is alive, Stephen, for all your croaking. What do you say now?' The exceedingly queer doctor twisted his fingers nervously. Marion wondered if anybody had ever before breakfasted on broth in com pany with a sprite and a gnome. . . . And certainly there was an amazing amount of heat in the broth, both of pepper and of fire. : 'Say?' exclaimed' Stephen, so suddenly that it made T'tti cough, ' why, that if s better luck than you deserve, Cynthia. Or worse luck— it always is worse, whatever happens. Nothing does go right in this despic able bungle that idiots call a world, life, indeed! As if it .-were worth anybody's while, even a woman's, to come back to such a ghastly sell!' ' There — that mean^s^you'fe getting all right again^fast^ Mazes, and that he's glad of it,' said Cynthia. . He did not seeni very glad, fought : Marioni?. Howeverj- there -:.; jwias- . one \ -5omforjt--he , was exceedingly unlike ? Dr. SiieStf' ';Sl- ' . : f.^ -A:}.\\-\'- . .':' ; 'I1 ?- ?' Y-fflt/aie #ie doctp^F^^*^^.^ ? ;? ?*? An'^iiast^':1' he an8w|||3|^B'i3inly.\ thinks ?' '001 ;jto— : he .valways ' , pis|§i things like jthat when he's particularly pleased. A^ul he isn't a regular doctor, you knowf that would never have done: And a. man who can draw, and. etch, and everything, like Stepheji; does— why, he is bound to know more than 20 doctors, and lie does, too. Why, it stands £0 reason ainaa that '. ??'??''? ? ?' ' » '-? ?' V can make bodies better than life muBt know more about them than them that can only cut bodies to bits and can't put them together again. F ve known 'scores of medicals — not common doc-' tors, but real students in the hospitals — and I wouldn't trust one of them to draw a child that you could tell from a mophead or a milkjug, not that they weren't very good fun, in their own way. . . . Well, Stephen, what ought we to do now?' , ' What, indeed ! Cynthia, she and you between you have kept us here three weeks after I put my foot down. It's a simple infamy that the career of an artist should be at the mercy of chances and childish whims. People ?who are well enough to eat are well enough to get up and go.' ' Stephen ! Why. she's hardly strong enough to lift her spoon!' 'That's not the question.' .''But it's the answer.' 'No.' 'Yes, Stephen.' ' I say — No. And so it is No.' ' And I say Yes, and so it ? ' ' 'The woman's reason! Bah. The question isn't 'whether she can lift a spoon. The question is between My Art, and — your whim.' ' Ah — I see I It is a wonderful thing, Stephen, how right you always are! Of course she must get up and go. And, of course, to get up and go she must get strong very soon. And of course to get strong she must lie very quiet atidj eat and drink aU sorts of good, things. . . . Isn't he clever?' she half ?whispered, glancing admiringly at the peevish creature who sat on the box brooding over his barren vanities and caressing t»« delicate hands. ' Now I should never have thought of all that in a year 1 Rest and good grub,' and plenty of it — why, of course, uiere you are!' ' Is he your husband ?' whispered Marion. Cynthia laughed — for once a little awkwardly. ' Ah, I suppose you ask that because we snap at one another so. But it's only fun. There, Stephen ; now you've given your opinion you can go. Plenty to eat and drink, and nothing to do — I quite understand. . . . There,' I she said, as he rose mechanically, and slouched out suddenly. ' Now you've 1 seen a genius. What clever notions he does have, to be sure — how he always does say just the right thing in the right way. . . . Ah, I see you think that's my fun. But it isn't ; it's true. Only it wants somebody who knows him well to understand. It's genius, you see. When other people would say *Yes,' and smile, he always says ' No,' and scowls — j but he means just the same. When j you were so ill, he always used to say \ you'd die ; so I always knew you'd get ' well 5 and you see how right he's j been.' S ' I ffin- nTr it is you that have been j the kindest, though,' said Marion, j holding out her hand and trying to smile through tears that came from weakness rather than from misery. ' Ah — thaf s because you don't j understand. Nobody can understand Stephen but me. Thar s way he isn't at the 'top of the tree. But, Lord, who'd be at the top that can 'bide at the bottom? , All the fun of the fair is down below. You take my advice ; there's no good to be got out of things but by flying in the face of them. I took to you the minute Pd heard you'd run away ? ' ' And you . don't even ask -who I am?' 'Gracious, no! I'm so afraid you've done nothing — nothing bad, I mean ? ' ' Afraid?' asked Marion. 'Yes. You do look so horribly good ; and I always did hate good ' people ever since I was born. Not that I've seen much of them ; but then I don't -want to. Let me see — I know you've got pluck somewhere, or you wouldn't have run away. You shall be something very nice indeed. A murderess — that will do very well. YpuVe murdered — let me sea — you've1 murdered two judges and a dozen policemen, and all their wives. No — ?three judges and three dozen police^ men, and the wifes of course, all the same. You make them all in love with you — I mean all the men ; and then you ask them to supper and put aquafortis in their wine, so that they, die in agonies. You are a countess, of course — those sort of people always are. And then you make friends of all the wives, and put vermin powder in their tea. And then you ? ' But Marion heard no more of her chatter j she was. really sleeping, which was, perhaps, the chatterer's aim. As soon as she was quietly off Cynthia left the room, which she locked behind her — all the keys in that house . turned a with amazing smoothness and silence — and went up stairs into the workshop, where Peter Petersen, with the red beard, was toiling at. a press, and Stephen Bay was picking up and examining the sil ver coins that fell from them one hy one. . (TO BE CONTDnJED.) The theatres in Japan have a novel method of pass checks -which are positively non-transferable; v When a person wishes to leave the' theatre before the close of the performance, -with the intention of return- . ing, he goes toihe doorkeeper and holds out Mb tight band. The doorkeeper then, Vitli a rubber stamp, imprints on the palm the mark of the establishment. A ne^ ^pneumatic tyre brought out in England,- \vhich is described as a really^ good thing, faaa. a pad . «f prepared cotton wool covered Jfithg^Boft^loth, -which is- inserted oetweehiiEe cover* and .air chamber, render ing it almost impossible to puncture it ibtoh with a, sharp a/wL The -weight of this '. ^4ia50o^ and the jeo^; Is trifling- V. ;.Tha Mansfield ? «? Summer School; of 5CBippiogy,' Oxfo)B5i-f-^giSiufled by Prihoinfll £50 -ministers from = a^i parts .-nipfc^as Hm&aa.;\». ' There were^t)ieouraes otStec 'burgs, three in e&cn; cotifE^; cb&uv8retLi;£)y GlftB#-w, Edittboifch, aid iBiadSprd, ' - .. * ' ,;-S!;:^, ;???? ??'??:!/ ???':??, 