: OH APTER. XVII.; " HE KHALI, PAY £40,000 FOR ALXOWINO HIM ' TO CHOOSE 11ETWEI5N AL.TAH AND HALTKK." : ', ; ! SIR JOHN'S" well-horsed curricle hadn't passed out through the park gates a clear five minutes when there entered in" thereat it little, dapper looking, middle-aged gentleman, hav- ing a strong resemblance to tho usual portraits of ; Mr., Pickwick ; but a second glance at him would have carried with'it tho conviction that if he was Pickwick in the flesh1 he had been pumped dry of all the ^iriilk of human landnoss which.that indivi- dual had once been'so full of. , He was not Mi\ Pickwick, oh dear no, - but' Doctor. : Cornelius ¡ ? OID wy er, one time of-Dublin; and-possessed a. very fashionable àiiçl lucrative ??.prac .tice .there, !tu*itil, terapted by a hun- dred guinea. fee;! lie had.performed an unlawful opération» his^patieiit had died,' he had. beeil tried in conse- quence''on' -a 'charge of murder, escaped being convicted by'one !of tho narrowest shaves in the, world, .which shipwrecked his reputation, alienated his clientele, and in brief, by "altogether ruining him turned hun into a formidable and dangerous cJieculicr cfindustrie, resolved thence- forth to livo, as best he could, upon the professional secrets which he had become possessed of in the past, and what, fashionable doctor is not necessarily entrusted with many such ? It is to endeavour to make money out of a professional secret* which has brought him, on this bright summer's morning, to Garuragh, and it is not his first visit there by any manner of means, though as yet he has not succeeded in his nefarious designs. True, the fish has nibbled at tho bait, but a nibble and a bite are two very different things, as every such skilful angler as Cornelius O'Dwyer is perfectly well aware of. To-day, however, he expocts his bait will bo speedily gulped, for he has not been staying in Galway Town live long weeks for nothing, but specially to pick up every profit- able hint, wrinkle, and scrap of intel- ligence that can be turned to account in order to convert young George Berkeley into the goose that shall lay him almost any number of golden eggs. He lins taken due caro not to enter Garuragh grounds until he has watched Sir J olin Berkeley drive out of them, but now that, the coast is perfectly clear he walks jauntily up the long, sinuously-winding carriage drive towards tho fine old mansion that still bears a few traces of hav- ing once been a castle, and having once reached the vast pillared portico, he knocks at the heavy, gaol-like front door, with a strango admixture of assurance and trepida- tion, the latter characteristic owing, perhaps, to its being so gaol-like as either to recall unpleasant memories or to nffiict him with yet more sinister forbodings. Be that as it might, when the door was presently opened by Joyce, the little doctor loolced as self-possessed as ever as ho enquired, in his xisually soft insinuating tones, if Mr. George Berkeley was at home ? "No, your honour, he's neither at home, nor likely to be for many a long day. Mr. George is gone away, sorr-perhaps for good," replied Miles, who was always loquacious to a fault. Doctor O'Dwyer looked as though lie had received a blow. "Gone away?" ho stammered. "Gone away, did you say ? In heaven's name what for and where to ?". "'Deed, yer honour, the relieve ta is what wo all Avant to know,-Sir John the most- of all. The what ,/br is a dale more easily answered, for Master George had a tiff with his eldest brother Inst night, sorr, and on that account it was that he took himself off before, morning's dawn, laving no more trace _ behind him than did the very night itself." " What, nob even so much as good- bye to anybody ?" queried the doctor. ."Oh, aye, sorr, lie left a kind ov one for his brother, in the shape of a few pencilled words on a wee scrap of paper placed under a hairbrush on his dressing-table, though they wor more about a young lady; than his own self." Doctor O'Dwyer looked both puz- zled and disappointed at this last communication. ' ¡ » i " A young lady, eh ?" he exclaimed enquiringly.. ' , "Faith, yer honour, there's a petti- coat at the bottom ov every mischief going, as you should surely know at your time o''life/ You may set, me clown a-fool, sorr, if in the present caso a petticoat wasn't the cause of the two brothers' disagreement and of the. lriasther's . wandering in the woods all 'night wid his gun, and coming homo after dáy-dáwn wid his clothes all torn, and blood upon his hand, looking more like a ghost than a living" main, as well as'of Masther George laving Garuragh in the man- ner that'he's done." <\' ! . ; Doctor Cornelius* O'Dwyer looked wide awake now and anxiously eager to know more as well, o ? ? ?:.;<<'; .! "I daresay you are right'about a .woman-I mean to say a ' lady .being in the!case,"'he exclaimed musingly ; almost immediately, adding " Well, it's no concern of mine, and of course Sir .Toling lias instituted' searching inquiries, in'Order to make sure that his younger brother wasn't enticed away from the house to be mur- dered." ? " Blessed Mary ! such a thought hasn't entered into' our heads,' sorr, his honour's least of all. Who should want to murder _ the poor young gentleman ; ?" exclaimed Miles Joyce, looking as frightened as though George Berkeley,s ghost had suddenly risen' up in front of Jiim. , "Many of the tenants, Hvhom com mon report declares that he has ground down to the dust in his brother s inter- ests have for long owed him a grudge 'tis said, anda grudge is now-a-days often , paid with , a bullet or buck- shot in County Gal way,., as f'you should, be well; aware; ;.Yet .you say that Sir John lias made or intends to make," no attempt whatever to dis- cover where his younger brother has gone, or what has become bf him ?" "I didn't say nearly half so much as, that, soiuy í though ¡ I i can . utter naught -to the contrary. . ; No - en- quiries whatever . have been made yot, nor haye we heard any talked of either ;, but : anyhow we norie of us think that its nis honour's fault, for a better brother there 'couldn't íbe¡ and for the: present, he's, like a man that's 'bewitched, for ¡not only does he wander 'all ; night in; the woodst withins, güri, :but';aö :soori as eyer ho gets home »in the grey bf ; the early dawn, instead : <)f going to bed, he, shutsrhimself"lúpjnlt.hejibrary,and begins,topractise nlayracting." j ?<? ' "Play-acting?"/,reiterates* tiielas* tonished doctor.;.; iii..r' ly Aye? sorr,!just play-aptiugtrrl know what that is, for .lie used to practice'' it .'regular, , preparingifor they. Amár! teur .Thayatrical6..¡;¡What:7 eise bm¡ that should riinkó his honour' tramp up and down by tho hour together, and spout such things i as " Murdered by hin oivn brother! - Murdered by his own and only brother ¡ The'''legiti- mate by the illegitimate'! ; Oh, Goa, it ia more than lean bear without going mad - mad- mud /": ; There, ; sorr, aren't they play-acting words to tho very lifo? And haven't, you heard them, or, much tho same, m many, a theatre? III; heard 'em sorr, be causo we was, most of us,: listening on the other side of the door,' bo raison that at first we feared the masther couldn't bind up his hand which he carno indoor with all bloody, and that it was the pain which was causing him to rampage up and down and every now and then give a groan. When I discov- ered and told 'em it was nothing but ph^'-acting, we all wont away." " Of course, of course," assented [Doctor Cornelius O'Dwyer," upon whom this artless confession of Miles Joyce had let in a whole 'flood of in- formation ; and then, -with-a few commonplaces to the effect that "he hoped all would come right in the encl, and that ho hoped nothing serious had happened to Mr. George," he hurriod away, for he was now most anxious to be alone with his own thoughts, feeling sure, as he did, that his original scheme for en- riching himself had fallen.through, but that on its ruins he would find it easy to build up another of a more ambitious and also of a far moro lucrative nature. The reader may guess at, its cha- racter from the little doctor's mut- terings, ns he retraced his stops down the carriage drive towards the en- trance lodge, and which ran as fol- lows : " On tho strength of tho informa- tion which I gave him a month ago the fool braved his elder brother, perhaps even threatened him, and then Sir .John saw no way out of the difficulty except through murder. His play-acting, ns that blockhead called it, shows me, who am behind the scenes, cleai'ly enough that ho did kill him and also what for. ' The legitimate by the illegitimate? «ye, tliose five words prove that George told him everything, which was what no ono elso could have told bini except ho and me." ¡ At this point Cornelius O'Dwyer gave vent to what sounded like the very ghost of a chuckle, and pro- ceeded in silenco for a little way ; but presently he broke once more into an audible soliloquy, muttering dis: contentedly: . >, "I wish I'd wormed out of that addlo-pated Joyce what was on the scrap of paper that Góoi'gé Berkeley left behind him oro he was lured forth to he butchered. By the oyo, what made him suppose,'-!.-wonder, that he might never return again? A mere presentiment, I. suspect. Foi' all that I should li ko to know what he wroto upon the pnper. TH war- rant mo that that fellow could and would havo lot it all but had I pumped him judiciously. However, its too late to retrieve ' that error now." . Here Doctor O'Dwyer; indulged in a frown, but it quickly gave place to a malevolent grin, as lie continued his reflections with- iM|j " But I'll manage very well, maybe, with what I've gót/and will soon get; for that Sir John Berkeley has killecl George Berkeley, rather' than the latter should declare him a bastard, and make him a pauper, ÍB< as: clear to me as the sun at noonday. Tho only thing that puzzles me about this matter is that the younger; mian should have viewed such a- course with scorn and utter loathing up; to; only a fewr days ago, árid¡ then 1 have suddenly veered right round and plunged into the matter ¡con tamorc, as one may say. Haj' I, haye it-I haye it. A thousand to brie. Miles Joyce was l'ight; about therèlieingi a woman in the case, and a million' to one that .woman was pretty/ dainty, little Kathleen, O'Connor. George wanted Sir John to' give her up to him, and onhis refusal lost his tem- per and vowed that1 he should only win « lier, iii his trtie . character of a bastard and à ¡beggar. Aye, lb vö of a woman was the only earthly tenvp tatiori that could possibly have cha n- ged George Berkeley's knmra affec- tion .for his ;bi'bthe'r ,into'.bitter, hato, and the fear of losing a woman whom he worshipped . was - also the- sole temptation that was capable of prompting -Jolm'Berkeley to shed a brother's mood. All the same, ho'll have to fee me'heavily-for keeping the secret, for I can separate Tum and her far moro widely than the dead man if still living, could; have done. Altar and halter are words of a very similar sound, but of a mighty different significance; and Sir John Berkeley, as he calls himself, shall pay nie-let me seo-ten-twenty thirty-aye, forty thousand' pounds for, merely allowing , him tb .choose between them." ¿:>Í,ML-¡Í> '.>...'' , ? .V^T' It was a downright genuine and hearty chuckle ' that Dr.'Cornelius O'Dwyer :indulged%,'iij',.Vfub^mg his hands together the while as though he was washing theni. » ..->:>-i??? '??< Presently, h p wey or, : he broke forth afresh with :-'" But-I i mustn't be".top' precipitate : I must' get my evidence carefullyí',üp:first-^evidehce ' that'll thoroughly convince him I can hang him, else I'll, hot be able tb got./my hands so deep down into his_ pockets' may be. . Then, as l, must'uo':that ,ivlthóüt.!'pérm ólsé:)to grow! as wise Vas myself, I'll';have' to' be my own detective i »."Well, there'll be econömy'in that,' at any rate, rind > there's i/nian^^ taker worse qiialified'.f or" such' w<?i"k,f I flatter myself ; ha, lia^- ha,» perhaps 'îorfoi'ty[\t/mi^and.' reasons', mow or.. less.''.'. I;",,',,i;.,"L; A.i',y .'"' .'\': \, 11 .K3ut/-nô-wùPoç!ÇÔr. .0|'Q'wy.4?i^i.r<^èc-;.1 tions* »became 'silent .iones, íporhaps because lid had1 arrived almost close ,up^,(th6"g^b'lpdger¡('¡'.;,^:':¿,]^;'¡'' * "TWheii, he bad/!leit^bpt'fii'jpdg'etarid fate behind him, however, they^cón;'; inuëd'to'be the same, wherefore^we; will leavb"him to'j'gëij', báck'to Galway To\Vù! the best' way that lie ' can, whilst,we push oh there in advance of him in order to bo present at a very important interview between Patrick Desmond of Ballynlly and his pretty cousin Norah Dillon. (To be continued hi Saturday's'issue.) 