Open Column. [Correspondence is invited on matters of local interest. It mnst be distinotiy under stood that we are not responsible for the views expressed in letters under this heading.] SOCIAL PURITY. To the Editor of the LIBEBHI. Bra,-Having bean for many years a worker in societies whose chief aim it is to raise up the I fallen, help the weak hearted, and bring back hope to the hopeless, I am often temptod to give up in despair when I realise the formidable obstaoles that have to be over come and that present themselves like lions at every step of the way. The two most formidable are King Aloohol and Impurity. It is the latter that I am going to write about just now, for it seems to me that it is a sin that is on tho increase. I write to-day to men, giving them the first plaoe as Lords of Croation. In my next letter I shall have a few words to say to the women. Ynung men, why can you not live pure and holy lives! Why is it necessary for you to run through a coarse of vile infamy in your early manhood, just when life should be most beautiful to you in itu fresh morninp, the dew still sparkling upon the flowers. The world calls this abandonment of yonrselvos to vice "sowing your wild oats.' Unfortunately many others have to reap in tears the crop that you have sown. Are not your bodie* the temples of the Holy Ghost, and every member of those bodies should be held in subjection and only need to promote the honour and glory of their Creator. Was not man created to protect and cherish woman P Doeshenotdelighttospeakofheras the weaker vessel ? Where is his knightly honour when lie takes advantage of that weakness (instead of nliielding her from temptation) for hi« own selfish gratification, and then leaves the poor broken toy to face the consequences of his sin, deserted and alone f You can scarcely open a paper without seeing a oase of infanti cide in its columns ; where soma poor croUnre, to try and escape the disgraoe which the world heaps upon he:, deserts or kills tho helpless evidence of her shatne, ami iH condemned to suffer death or a long term of imprisonment. If she escapes doatb, when she comes out of prison whit is her fate ? She trill not get a pl.m:" even A3 a servant in any respectable family ; sbe is ehunnod and con demned by everyone, and if human feelings prerent her destroying the miserable name less creature, what is sbe to do for a living for herself and it f Who will take pity on her ? This is tKe way in which the weaker vessel is treated by the world. How different it in in the case of the stronger vessel, the lord and master ; he goes on his way re joicing, in thought no less of by men. If he is an unmarried tnnu no donbt he will eventually, after most of his wild oats are sown, take some pure good girl to his sullied heart and live respectably; and if he happens to be already a married man-and I am sorry to have to say that such eases abound ho shelters himself in the bosom of his family and is quite shocked at the immorality of the outside world when such oases came under his notice. But God's eyes are not blind that tliey can mit sea. It is a sad thing for mothers to find that the boys they have brought up in the home in goodness and purity no sooner cross the threshold into the world than they plunge into tbe vices and fulliea of that world. Without attempting to live up to the highest standard'of a better life, why not try to orowu themselves with the white flowers of a bltmcless life! Tbe approval of their own consciences will amply repay them for lh» self-denial they will have to practise to attain that noblo end. When we reason with our young men they tell us that it is impossible for men to be chaste, and to live pure, unselfish lives. Vow I fail to see the impossibility. You know that it is written in the Bible that " better is he that ruleth his spirit than be that taketii a city." A man who takes a city is a hero, honoured by his king and country ; he may even get tho Victoria Cross, flat tbe man who rules himself is greater than he, and shall receive a crown of glory that shall never fade. Is not that a grand reward for aelf-denial ? Men seem to tnink that as long as their mothers, wives, and sisters keep themselves pure and beyond teproach, everything is well; but they are not careful about the wives and sisters of other men. Do these men for one momrnt suppose that their Qod made one law f ir the women and another for the men? When he gave the commandment on Mount Sinai He did not say "Ye women must nor. soramii adultery," but " thou shall not," meaning all the people, male and female alike, I appeal to you men, young and old, married and single, to live henoeforth better lives ; to respect every man's wife or sister as you would wish other men to respect your wife or sister. Never mind what position in | life she may fill, respect her womanhood, ami if she is one of the less fortunate ones and obliged to go out unprotected into the world to gain her dnily breid, let every man protect her from insult 88 he would tbe women of his own household. And on that great and awful day-when we shall all have to stand before the judgment seat of Christ to give an account of the deed* done in the bedy-you will not fear to look upon tbe faces round lest there should bo any there whom you, by your self indulgence, have sent to perdition. I pray that none of you may in that day feel the remorse that shall never die for any soul lost through your instrumentality. WHITE CROSS. Dubbo, May 10. 