(Original f)a:pa\ THE GOVERNMENT OF THE CHUECH. The followiwj Paper, founded chiefly on Archbishop Potter's learned and able ivork on the above subject, tvas read by the Rev. M. F. Cahill before a meeting of clergy, at the Deanery, Melbourne, on Tuesday evening, June 19th. It is unthinkable that God should, before the foundation of the world, have planned a scheme of redemption for the human race ; that He should, for a period of 4000 years before the incarnation of the Redeemer, have illustrated the Messianic Kingdom by type and symbol, by priest and sacrifice, by sin- offering and peace-offering, by Urim find Thummim, by High Priest and Holy of Holies, by patriarchal tradition, and by prophecy — and should, after all this grand, majestic, and hallowed preparation for the advent and ministry of the Son of God, have left the whole economy of human redemption, after the ascent of its founder into heaven, at the mercy of chance, or accident, or caprice. Such a theory is wholly incompatible with the laws of eschatological development. If there have been purpose, design, and preparation in the past, there must also be superintendence and government in the future. These sequences have for their guarantee the promise of Christ and the presence of His Spirit ' alway, even unto the end of the world.' Christ came into the world to establish a Church, and that Church He purchased with His own blood. She was to carry on, in her Master's name and by His authority, the work of redemption in all nations and throughout all ages. During our Lord's earthly ministry He ordained twelve apostles, and sent forth 70 disciples, the latter being inferior to the former in power and dignity. He promulgated a new ethical code, instituted sacraments, commis sioned His Apostles to disciple all nations, and sent down upon them and their fellow-disciples the promise of the Father, who should teach them all things, and bring all things to their remembrance which He had taught them while He was with them. The Church had not yet taken upon her a concrete and organic form, probably because it would have been premature, and more probably because it was not then necessary. The old wine was yet, to a great extent, kept in old bottles ; but the time was rapidly drawing nigh when the new wine of the Gospel must needs be put into new bottles — in other words, that the Messianic Kingdom must take upon it a new order and government suitable to its nascent grandeur and supramundane expansion. There was yet no New Testament; but there was an Old one, albeit in the hands of priestly and Levitical men only, and perhaps of a few Jewish students. But there was the authority of Christ, and the guidance of the Holy Ghost, and the Divine commission given to the Apostles and their successors until the consummation of the ages. The Apostles were attended by inferior ministers, who accompanied them in their travels, and ministered unto them; they ordained deacons, and, last of all, consecrated bishops to govern the cities and districts com mitted to their episcopal oversight. After the death of the Apostles, and before the close of the first century of the Christian era, we find throughout all the provinces of the Roman Empire — wherever the Gospel had been preached — a developed, uniform, and unexceptional order of government prevailing in the Christian Church, consisting of bishops, priests, and deacons, together with a number of inferior ministers, including exorcists and others. The middle and close of the second century saw this universal system of episcopal, priestly, and diaconal Church Government grown rigid and solidified to so great an extent that the bishops were regarded as sitting in the seat of the Apostles, of their immediate disciples, and of their successors. The presbyters, the second order, were wholly and entirely subject to the bishops, and could exercise no function without their ordination, authority, and consent. Whatever part the laity might have had in nominating or approving candidates for holy orders, they had none whatever in ordaining them ; none but a bishop could ordain any man whatever, or under any circumstances whatever, to any priestly or ministerial function. There were metropolitan, and there were also provincial bishops ; the former took precedence of the latter, both in the Provincial and in the (Ecumenical Councils. In the adminis tration of the affairs of his own diocese every bishop was supreme, except in cases where, through faulty or heretical administration, the local bishop endangered the doctrine and safety of the Church Catholic. Then he became directly amenable to the metropolitan and provincial bishops, and sometimes to an (Ecumenical Council, in both which cases the offending bishop might be censured, or suspended, or removed altogether from his office. Men who had distinguished themselves among the clergy by superior ability and piety were nominated and approved by the laity, and, with the general consent of their brethren of the priesthood, ordained to the episcopal office by not less than three bishops of the province to which they belonged. To the bishops, and to them only, without any exceptiqnwhatever, belonged the function of consecrating bishops and of ordaining priests and all other inferior ministers. No presbyter could, upon pain of excommunication, presume to ordain any man to the office or the priesthood. Nor does it appear that, prior to the disorders of the Reformation, more than one instance of the kind had ever occurred in the Church during a period of fifteen centuries, and in that instance, the presumptuous priest who had usurped the episcopal function was degraded, and removed from his office. If there be any principle of Church Government which has been universally acknow ledged, vindicated, and acted out during the first three centuries of the Church's history, and thence onward to the Reformation, it is that her bishops stood in the room and stead of the apostles, that they had apostolic authority, and that they were in very deed and truth the successors of Christ's apostles, and of their successors, from age to age instructed, guided, and governed by the Holy Ghost, according to the promise of their Divine Master. To this fact all history — sacred and secular, councils, canons, and constitutions, friends and enemies, Churchmen and heretics — bear witness volun tarily and involuntarily. Nothing short of crass ignorance of Church history, or of the exigential necessities of systems — unepiscopal and unordered — or of a premeditated perversion of the lessons taught by fifteen centuries of Church order and government, can shake the apostolic stability of the Episcopate. To pass on to the order of the priesthood. The presbyters were chosen for the sacred office because of their learning and piety, and of their public reputation. The people often nominated and approved the candidates for ordination; ? but, beyond nomination and approval, they never advanced one step. The bishops ordained the candidates so nominated and approved, if they deemed it expedient and lawful to do so ; but if they saw good reasons to the contrary not to do so, then they would not, and did not, .ordain the objectionable candidates — the voice of the people to the contrary notwithstanding. The presbyters ministered the sacraments of baptism and of the eucharist as they were directed by their bishops, or, in their absence, were permitted by them. All other functions of the priestly office were performed under similar restraints and conditions— episcopal authority always controlling, whether _ the bishops were present or absent. The function of preaching remained almost wholly in the bishops' right and discretion. The presbyter never preached in the presence of the bishop, except when requested to do so by him. The presbyters stood in relation to the bishops as the ministers did to the apostles — they simply ministered to them, as an inferior to a superior. The sanctity of the priestly office was strictly guarded by a most severe discipline. Neglect, disobedience, false doctrine, immorality, or crime, was punished with inexorable rigour. The apostolical constitutions and canons extend very far back into the Church's corporate life. They bear undisputed testimony to the apostolic purity, rectitude, and holiness of the bishops, priests, and deacons of the Catholic and Apostolic Church of the first three centuries. Deacons were seldom allowed to preach, and never to minister the eucharist. They stood in a similar relation to the presbyter as the presbyter to the bishop ; they ministered to the priest in holy things, as they were desired; their functions were disciplinary, and limited to the sub-inferior offices of the Church. In the near apostolic times the laity were graded. Not everyone was admitted to be present at the esoteric, liturgical, and sacramental worship of the Church. There were those who were instructed, proved, and tried; there were catechumenoi, who were being instructed and proved; and there were penitent lapsi and traditores — men who, to save their lives, had sacrificed to the gods of the empire and betrayed the sacred books of the Christians to the Roman magistrates, to be by them committed to the flames ; and there were also criminals of the deepest dye, whom the Church would admit into her esoteric worship only after protracted and severe penance. This just and salutary discipline regulated and con trolled the whole spiritual life of the Church, without partiality and without exception of rank or office. The guarantees for unity and purity, Apostolicity and Catholicity of doctrine, were to be found in the Provincial and (Ecumenical Councils' of the Church, to which we are more or less indebted for those three grand, majestic, and ancient Catholic creeds of which we are all, as Churchmen, justly proud— namely, the Apostles' Creed, the Nicene Creed, and, with limitation of time and authorship, the Athanasian Creed. Of the other powers of the Church, claimed and exercised, was the conditioned right to remit and to retain sins. This right and power, given by our Divine Master to St. Peter and ' to the other Apostles, was never questioned nor doubted in the early ages of the Church. It was enough for the laity that our Lord had said to His apostles, 'Whosesoever sins ye remit, they are remitted ; and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained.' It is needless to add that remission and retention were conditioned respectively by obedience and disobedience. As in all social and political societies disobedient and obstructive members may be suspended or removed altogether, so in the Church of God members of it who were disobedient, obstructive, or injurious to its growth and stability, were suspended or excommunicated, until they should, by their altered conduct and deep penitence, make public amends for the public scandal and wrong they had done. The maintenance of the clergy was regarded as a sacred and imperative . duty founded upon the express command of Jehovah, under the old economy, that parts of the sacrifices, together with oblations,, thank-offerings, first fruits, redemption money for the first-born, tithes, Levitical cities and fields, should be given for the maintenance of public worship and of the Jewish priesthood. The primitive Christian Church main tained that' it was as much the duty of Christians to provide for the maintenance of the Christian worship and priesthood as it had been of the Jews to maintain their religion and ministers— in fine, the Church was regarded by the Apostolic and near Apostolic Fathers as the divinely-commissioned and spiritually-controlled organism ^ in and by and through which the August Trinity conveyed to mankind all the priceless blessings of her Divine Master's passion and death, resurrection and ascension, session at God's right hand and inter cession for His people. The Church then is the living embodiment of Christ's kingdom on earth; she is His witness, depositary, custodian, interpreter, vicegerent, administrator, ruler, lawgiver. Christ is the one mediator between God and man ; the Church is the one mediator between Christ and His people. The Church's stability is the authorised and commissioned guarantee of the aional stability of Christ's kingdom in the world. His parting words to her were an assurance that the gates of hell should not prevail against her. The interests of religion and the progress of our Lord's kingdom have suffered long and disastrously from the expediential and exigential casuistry resorted to to cover the nakedness of systems — unepiscopal and unordered. The unexampled spread of learning, the marvellous progress of science and art, the splendid advances of philosophy — and more particularly of those branches of it called mental 'and moral — the general acknowledgment that all truth is of God — physical and mental, ethical and spiritual — are new moral forces preparing the way, we trust, for a united and consolidated Church in the future upon the lines of that of Clement Eomanus, of Justin Martyr, of Polycarp, of Irenaus, of Cyprian, and of other sainted men who bore witness to the truth and purity of Christ's religion by laying down their lives in defence of it, and of the Church, its living organism. It has been truly said, by a great modern thinker, that if the unity of the Church so long hoped and prayed for by all good men is, in the superintending wisdom, power, and goodness of the great Head of the Church — her Lord and. Master — to be accomplished, the Church of England — the home of learning and art, of literature and science, of philosophy and liberty of thought, of Apostolic Order and Primitive Church Government — is, humanly speaking, the spiritual instrument best fitted for the accomplishment of that grand and beneficent purpose. 