INTERCOLONIAL. The suggestion made by Mr. J. L. Parsons, that money should bo subscribed to send a tele gram to Sir J. G. Bray, bas been givon effect to, ' and the following mossBgo was despatched to London : — 11 Friends sond sincere sympathy. Hope recovering. Regret Government incon siderate notion " At tho recent licensing elections, 9547 persons voted in tho polling for tho return of a licensing benoh for tho oity of Dunedin. Of theso 5044 woro men and 4503 were women, so that the fomalo vote, instead of preponderating, was actually 541 less than the malo vote. It is esti mated that about 144 persons voted in respoct of the election of the lioonsing oommittoe more than votod in the' local option poll. A lad named Sawford had a misadventure at Largs Bay, whioh necessitated his romoval to the hospital. The lad reports that ho was ran at by a bullock, which made a fleah wound on the obeek and othorwiso knockod him about. Inquiries mndo subsequently', howover, seemed to point to the conclusion that tho lad was attacked by a wild or mad cow, whioh has taken up its quarters in tho swamps botwecn Largs Bay and the Port Adclaido Rivor. A resident of Wellington complains that on a recent Sunday ho called at a leading hotel with two friends who had just arrived from Dunedin by the Waihora. His friends were suffering from tho effects of soa siokness, but they were refused a glass of liquor. Though willing to givo their names and place of residence, they woro told that nouo but boardors could bo supplied. Evidontly the desire to avoid tho serious conse quences which follow a conviction will lead to bond fide travellers having to experience such in convenience. At tho Belmore depot, Sydney, on searching for a small lost dog latoly, a lady found "about 100 dogs of all breeds, some good collies, re- triovers, fa>., huddled together, in a long, nar row, stifling pen, many of the small dogs either trnmplod to death or suffocated, lying one on another." She " declined to mount a ladder to look ovor, end left in despair and indignation." She thinks that "nothing moro favorable could be devised for tho spread of hydatids than this vary plan dovised to provent it," and advises owners of returned dogs to have them washed with a disinfectant. On Saturday two deserters from the Austrian cruiser Fasana were brought round to Sydney from Melbourno on board the mail steamer Aroadia and placed on board their ship. Whilo at Melbourno no fower than 16 sailorB from the Fasana failed to return to their ship. From the liberal reward offered for their arrest, it is more than probable that few of the 16 will manago to eludo arrest until after the Fasana snils in a fortnight's timo. Tho attractions of Molbourne must have proved speoially enticing, for of the deserters somo have spsnt years in tha sorvioe, trusted and steady good conduot men. From time to time fears havo been exprossed that something serious bad overtaken the sohoonor Renaril. The vessel was one of the old timo gunboats, built in tho colony for the Imperial Government many years ago, and afterwards sold to tho merchant servioe. Sho haB long traded to tho islands, ownod and com manded by Captain Neil Brodie, one of the best known shipmasters in tho island trade. Captain Brodie will bo remembered as mastor of the Lavinia, Martha Ellen, Ariel and other traders, and, in point of experience in liurrl- oanes, ho probably had no superior in the Pacific. A fow days ago an Invercargill tradesman, whose original methods of decorating havo attraoted not a little attention, had just pre pared one of his windows in Tay-stront to repre sent winter, and for this purposo a large quan tity of wadding was arranged to represent snow Slid icicles. To givo tho scene the finishing touoh he proceeded to light the gas, but greatly to his dismay the match came in oontaot with the fluffy material, and in a moment the win dow was in a blaze. . Thanks to the prompt assistanco of several paesors by, the flnmcs were immediately subdued, with only slight damage to tho sliding sashes behind the window and the goods adjacent to it. A shcakiug euioido occurred at Townsvillo on 25th April, whon Mr. James Brown, a resident of Townsvillo for tho past 18 years, shot him self. Ho was landlord of the Commercial Hotel. He bad been unwell for some fow days aud under medical treatment. Tho house was closed at the usual time, but ns Mr. Brown was suffering from sleoplosansss the faet that he did not retiro immediately caused no suspicion. Just about midnight tho inmates wore roused by a report of fironrms. Tho wifo of tho de ceased rushed down, and found him just dying with a great wound in tho loft breast, with a smoking riflo bosido liim. It is surmised that the deoeased put tho butt of the riflo on the ground and fired with tbo cleaning rod. The deceased leaves a widow and 8 oliildren. An interesting ordination took place in tho Bishop's Chapel, Auckland, on East:r Sunday, that of Hugo Gorovaka, a Solomon Islander. His complexion is vory dark, but his faco shows thoughtfulness and keen intelligence. His bars feet, pooping from beneath the whito surplice, was very BuggoBtlvo. Tho carnestnoss of his manner and tho entire absence of self conscious ness must havo bcon apparent to evoryone. When n boy ho was reooived by Bishop Patteson on board the Southern Cross. He was watohing tho bishop got into tho boat off Nukapn, and hoard his last words : — "Good-bye, my ohildren; I am going ashore." Later that day Hugo Btood with tho others sorrowing over tho martyr's body. From that timo he resolved to bo a Christian. IIo was baptisod at Norfolk Island, nnd trained to bo n teaoher. Ho married an ox- collont young woman, a native convert, nnd was sent to Pavo nnd Bogotu, tho people of tho lnttor island boing notorious bond hunters. He, with others, has been very successful in Christianising thorn. Ho is now returning thithor to work as deacon under Dr. "Welshman. A "ghost" has medo its appearance at Waimate, and during tho last fow weeks has frightonod several women who livo in the out skirts at tho north end of tho town. The other evoning some youths noticed what appeared to bo a man with a sheet around him, in tho plantation on Mr. Potter's farm nt tho anglo of tho road. Tho figuro at onoa started ncroas tho plnowood paddock, with Mr. Dailey, who is a good runner, in hot pursuit. Tho "ghost " led out of tho paddock in tho road, thon into Messrs; M'Goverin and Hardio's paddook, taking the doublo, whioh is a modorately sized gorso hedge, with apparent ease ; thon up along the fenoo in tho direction of Painstown, and having oovercd tho distance in about a third of tho time of its pursuer, was soon out of sight. Tho night was bright moonlight, and Messrs. Dailey and Man- oboster speak vory confidently about tho ocour- ronco, and that tho figuro ran with great rapidity, and with an easy swinging motion. As several persons, whoso friends liavo boon scared, aro on tho look out, the "ghost " had bottor take care, or a charge of shot may put an ond to his little joko of frightening solitary women. Harry Laing, tho well known boxer, was run over by tho train returning to Wanganui from the Martou races on 11th April, It appears that tho train' stopped at Fordoll principally for tho purpose of watering the engine, and tho train was backed to tho tank, about 50 yards away. Laing, who has a farm at Kauaugaroa, near Fordoll, had already alighted, but boarded the train again for the purpose of saying good bye to somo of his frionds. He was accordingly carried on as far as the watortank, and the neoesanry amount of water having been taken in the train started on its journey to Wanganui. As tho carriage was nearing tho platform, going at n alow pace, Laing was in readiness in a crouching position to jump off. Fearing that the train would not again Htop at Fordoll, Laing jumpedwith the train just noar a decline where the station platform terminates, and, as bo him solf says, he all at once felt giddy, was turned round, and in tho twinkling of an eyo was carried under the wheels, whioh passed over both his legs in a diagonal position. Some of the passengers standing on the platform of one of tho carriages foeling a jolting sensation, called out "What's that?" Tho reply oame, "Harry Lsing's killod." By this timo tho train was in full motion, bound for tho noxt station at Matarawa, and with the very inade quate means of signalling at command it was some four minutes before tbo engine driver was mado conversant with tho fact that an aocident had happened. Whon tho steamer Aldinga went from Sydney to tho Solomon Islands, the other day, she stopped off a wreck lying on tho Pellona Shoal. It was that of tho Sydnoy sohoonor Borough Belle, whioh, drivon in a hurricane two months boforo off tho New Caledonian coast, lies piled up on tho top of a beautiful oorol reef. A boat was sent off to tbo wreck, and to the amazement of tho wreokers strange sounds wore heard as the boat drew alongsido. On boarding tlioy found threo fine fat pigs in the hold, and crouohed in a corner of tho galley almost tho skeleton of a dog. From the 3rd of February, tho date of tho wreck, until tho 28th of March, these animalB had remained upon tho stranded vessel. There had boon a monkey amongst these shipwrecked animals, but nothing remained of him but his head, and from the immense quantity of feathers about, tho sup position is tbat tho seagulls and the dog together finished the monkey, and that afterwards the dog piokod up a living catching birds, as his coat was thiokjy covered with foathors. Tho swine revelled in a potato patoh below, tho vessel having a fow tons on board for stores. One of the ship's water tanks was thrown on its side during a jump of the vessel when a soa struck her, and about 200 gallons were avoilablo for the uso of this ourious congregation, Tho sequel to the discovery is perhaps not so satisfac tory as oould bo wished, for the poor dog fell off the Aldinga's rail afterwards into the jaws of an alligator at the Solomons, and the three pigs wero salted nnd paoked in the harness oaaks. 