LITERARY & THEATRICAL. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, May 12, 1SS4. Ihe initial volume of the Autonym Library, a companion series in size aud shape to the successful Pseudonymp, consists of two short magazine 6 tori .is by Marion Crawford. The first is called 'The Upper B-_-rtl-,': and tells with Home embroidery the famous yarn of the haunted cabin on board the Cuaard liner Siberia, which most Atlantic travellers of a decade ago will have beard in one form or another. Mr. Crawford makes the ghost appear in a vacant upper berth and mysteriously lure his territied neighbor below down the passages', up the nearest companion-ladder, jiud overboard. Four un happy voyagers have disappeared mys teriously irom the stute-rouni in this manner when the narrator, against advice, in sists on occupying it. lie rices not quite i-o overboard, being saved by careful watchers, but his experiences are of a moss grufsouie aud alarming description, finally the captain of the Bteamer and the same audacious pah senger resolve to neb up together with a light and experiment on the ghost. What happens I leave you to discover, suffice i: to say here the captain refuses to tail any moreiu tho Kamskatcha (as Mr. Crawford recliriattUH her), aud the cabin is screwed up aud abandoned to ghosts for ever and ever. Thu second story in the volume may bo passed over as padding. The new 2a. Cd. edition of 'David Grieve' just out here bas I expect been in circulation tor some time in your part of the world. If not it is emphatically a cheap re-issue to be bought. Lot me again impress on nil to lose, no time in procuring aud enjoying 'Marcella' directly an opportunity of borrowing cr pur chasing that truly great novel occurs. The sale of ' Esther Waters' has gone up by leaps and bounds since the conduct of Smith's library iu refusing to circulate it has been discussed by all sorts and conditions of litterateurs in the Daily Chronicle. Mr. Faux, (the librarian) made a hu«e mistake iu nn ewering Conan Doyle .t Co. The position of the library is clear. Ib doesn't cater or pretend to cater for bachelors, for students, cr for 'jnodern' female*, but for respectable middle - class fami lies. Any book which the librarian has sound reasons for supposing paterfamilias would not care about seeing ia the hands of his women-folk it becomes his duty to suppress. Now, Mr. George Moor&'a 'Esther Waters' may, as Messrs. Norman, Couch, and devotees of tbe ' Y«llo«' Book' declare, be a work ot transcendent genius. Everyone will readily :wiuiit it is exceedingly clever. If it to High Art to picture in vivid and desperately real language the vulgarities and crudities of the kitchen, the public-house bar, aud the lying-in hospital then ' Esther Waters ' is High Art. At tho same time even our moat advanced 'Yellow Book '-era do not, I imagine, desire their lads and lasses to peruse these 'pathetic actualities.' Therefore Mr. Faux did per fectly ri(-ht to refuee to circulate ' Esther Waters.' Personally, if I were the respon sible head of a family library, I should travel considerably further than Mr. Faux on the road of strict propriety. Out of; my stalls would go not merely Mr. George Moore's masterpiece?, but also Sir. Hubert Crackan thorpe's, Mr. 'George Egerton's,' Mr. Symon'e, and — prepare for a severe shock — even the history of that quieby young person, 4*T«»3 ot the U'Urbervilles.' Mr. Rudyard Kipling was the guest of the evening at a house d inner of the Authors' Club the other day and read a new poem for the benefit) of tbe company. Amongst cheap editions at 2s. of novels worth reading may be mentioned Merriman's 'From One Generation to Another,' and Mrs. Stephen Datson's much over-praiaed 'Dark.' Both ivere widely read at tho libraries in 3 voL form. It is a significant indication of the times that the Athcnamm bas begun to advertise, and that its reviews have suddenly become much more up-to- date. The proprietary are evi dently wide awake at last to the danger of allowing the dailies to beat them at their own game. The sudden collapse of Sola's Journal sug gests that possibly the fairy stories of huge profits made by some of the other miscellaneous rmyworths rcay not be altogether reliable, bew, by-tbe-way, that the Westminttcr Gazette is soaking up large portions of the dollars earned by Tit-bits, &o.;, and that Mr. Newnes eaye every Saturday be means the following week to be its last. Unques tionably unless the Liberal party come to the rescue with a subsidy the paper will como to an«nri. The Senate, ' the organ of the aristocracy,' as that unconscionable idiot Mr. Stuart Erekine calls bis new weekly six-penn'orth of 'piffle,' baa absolutely nothing to recommend it save the editor's egotism, which is sufik-iently vast to be amusing. His special aversion is Le Gallitnne, whom, with a spasm of would-be wit, be rfechri?teiw ''Le Gallipot.' Quite a largo nuc:b--r of artistes well kuown i in Australia sire pinying in fcb« reviviil of i 'Tii9 Two Orphans' at thu Adtlpiii. Onus. ! Caitwrigiit aud William Ixignold are the brothers Pierre and .Jacques. Dolores Dru'_n raond is La Frochaid. and Alice Lineard re turns to the atege after her lengthy rest to pourtray the Countess de Liniere, Herbert Fleming being: her husband. Piaygoprs of 12 j years ago or a htt!u more in your pare ot tho | world will, I doubS not, recall Alice Lingard in thia very piece as Louise. What a fine actress ^ sho was then, to bo sura, and what a lovely woman. Even now— though just a wee bit — well— over- flown — .'he rnal- ed up grandly. Marion Terry is the ' Louisii'' of tue Adtlphi revival, and her niece Ail?.a Craig (Ellen's daughter} Cora. Mr. Whistkr has discovered even a greater «i6iny than ' tueS-.iUth Australian kuutfa.ro-),' Mortimer Menpes. This is Mr. Dumaurier, whose new novt-1, 'TnJby,'' ac pri-penu i.in niug through Harpcv't, contains, it is alleged, ac unmistakable and most) malicious carica ture of ''thrt great James.' That the cut — whether accidcnca.! or intentional— has struck home the following eminently characieristic epUtle fV- ows. It is addressed to tho editor of a ijnniioa daily paper:— ' It would BL- em, notwithstanding my bo.istful declaration, that, after sli, I had not, before leaving England, completely rid myself of that abomination — the 'friend!' One solitary un heeded one— Mr. Genrge Dutnaurier — still remained, hidden in llampstead. On that healthy Heath he ha.3 been harboring, for nwirly'half a life, evc-iy viilany of goodfellow ahip that could be perfected by tha careless frequentatiou of our early intimacy and my unsuepeeting camaradtiia. Of this pent-up envy, maliit', aud furtive intent, be_ never, at any moment during all tluit time, allowed me, while affectionately grasping his honest Anglo-French fiot, to detect the fa is test indication. Now that my back is turned, the old marmitc of our pot au feu he fills with the picric acid of 30 years' spite, and in an American rnagaiino tises oil his bomb of mendacious recollection and poisoned rancune. T!i« lie with which it is loaded. -V i/?oji intention, he proposes for my postiels 'future biographer1 — but I fancy it expl-.'des, as is usual, iu his own waistcoat, and he furiii«hea in his present unseemly Ktate an excellent example of all tho^e othtra who, like himself, have thought a foui friend a finer Mlow than an open enemy. Reflection — The nompaguon of the petard wo guillotine. Guineas are given to the popular companion who prepares his infernal machine for the dis tiuguisbetl associates in whosa friendship he has euccesstuily speculated.' Gto. Bernard Shaw's ' Arms and the Man' is on dit to bo burlesqued as ' Ltcs and the Woman.' The Prince of Wales paid the Avenue a visit tbe other eight and business 6eems fair. Mr. Bancroft has wisely resolved not to play his old part of Blountin. ''Money,' and Mr. Allan Aynesworth, who scored so in ** The Idlf.T,' lis.3 been engaged for tho role. Mr. Archer, who for years made *' Deadly Smooth '' his own. nlavinst it in all the Ban croft and some of the Vaudeville revivals, is not av.ii!abU. »o Mr. Brookfield has a great chance of achieving a hie therein. Tim cast altoe^her wi!l rank with that of *' Diplo macy ' iast year aa ouii of tua strongtss ever kuo tvn. Ywtte Guilbert. the Bessie Bellwood of the Parisian ciftis chantants, who commenced an enpaufnaent at th» Empirelaetuight at n salary of (i/iOO francs a \ve«k, has few ptroonsl attrac tions. Her figure is thin, her neck louft and pcriiggy. her arms skinny, and she bas no bust. Nevertheless we have not a vocalist on the music-hall sCufje who can touch her either as regards gestures, or facial expression, or cl-';vriiPKs of delivery. Her (success at tbe Empire tras instant and complete, just as it was when she. suddenly bloasoiripd into lame at the Alcazar a few years ago. Jldlle. Guilbert then seemed destined to swell the ranks of failure?. After an incloricma theatrical career she had drifted to the cafes chantants. Htr first engagement at the Eldorado f«)l complinolj' flat. The ruanago. merit p.-Iito!y hintod it would lie tha last Half desperate with reverses Vvette went on to tho Alcazar. There was an immense housn and to the debutante's amazement the auoifneo Muiply roso at her. Nnxt inoruiog as Mdlle. Guilbert lay in bed reading column about tho audacity and chic and originality of tho new c h a nieu.se she rubbed her eyes. Couid it indeed bo iit-rt;e!f V Tbo day before GO franiw a weok would have seemed a splendid otier. That, morning two tenders of 3, 000 franca a week had already reached her. Through Vvette Guilbert's art is in a superior Fort of way similar to Bessie Beilwood'e, she does not in private lift resemble our too lively Elizabeth Annie. Lik« the Charringtons Mr. Juo. F. Sheridan liaa lost in manaeeinfciit in a few weyko in Enelatd all tbe money he made in Australia and X«w Zealand and buen obliced to file his pr-tition. This is the more remarkable because pieces of the olass of 'Fun tin the Bristol' are decidedly popular ju?fc now. and since his collapse at the Vaudeville Mr. Sheridan has been playing the ' Widow O'Brien' (now re ohri-itened ''The Second Mrs. Block') with all hia old success at the Lyric Theatre. 