WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. JENNINUB lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Mias Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is un old one but in good ordor. Ono night early in December (18D1) tho two women locked all the doors and wont to tho theatre, leaving not a soul in tho house. They left tho gas burning, however, in tho front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talkiug. Hut as they went into tho parlour tho merry humour died out of them in a second. Uight in tho middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Tho upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his oyes gleaming through tho holes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand lie carried a long old-fashioted pistol. Tho women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings camo in five minutes later he found no ono in the parlour ami all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I waa suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my namo ;an:i at the foot of the bed stood tlio image of my mother Just as she looked live years before, as Bhe was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and 'fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tho local old women gossip said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is more three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks tho neives will play on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Koad, Pokosdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :—" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in tho room with me. yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. Tho doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but Bkin and bono. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one clay Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told mo sho was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seitjel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by tho end of the week I went downstairs. Now 1 am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left mo." The malady Mrs. Foster sutfured from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrnp had given new vigor to th« digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or lees than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come fiom the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain on'y what is natural and wholesome. 6G4f a 