First Day. The eighteenth Conferenco of the Bible Christian Church commenced its sittings in th« Franklin-street Church at 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning. There were present at the opening of the Conference — The Revs. C. Tresise (president), E. Gratton (secretary), J. Dingle, K. Lang, W. F. James, -T. Hancock, T. Hiilman, T. E. Keen, J. Trewin, W. Richards, T. Piper, O. Lake, T. McNeil!, J. Raymont, J. Tborne, W. T Ponmiiu 1* C\ Vnnmnn ('J VT Paynter, J. H. Ashton, W. EL Cann, ?T. Colliugs, T. M. Flood, C. Martin, J. Pearce. S. C. Mugford, J. Tiller, W. T. Sbapley, and Messrs. J. Tborne Martin, J. Rime.1?, J. Asbtou, J. Culver, W. Druig, H. McConnelL S. J. Taylor, J. Shaddock, W. Nosworthy, T. Shipway, T. Henley, E. Hannaford, T. Oliver, J. Snell, J. Cooper, W. Polkiughorne, G. .1. Sampson, J. Patterson. J. M. Symons, D. Virgo, J. Miller, J. Turner, C. Richarde, T. Rpdda, J. B. Hughes. J. McSkimmiug, C. Dyer, A. Gwynne, A. Williams, and J. Scriven. The Revs. W. W. Finch, F. Bullock, and J. Ridclift were not present through illness. The Conference waa opened by singing, aud the Revs. J. Thorne, J. Hnncock, and T. Piper offered prayer. The roll was called. THE BKTIIIING PKESIDENT'S ADPUKSS. The President delivered his address, in the course of which he eaid : — In leaving this chair I have it in my hears to eay a few wordp in refe rence to the church and her work in the colony. I might say tbat the presidential office has given me opportunities of observa tion and ecclesiastical education which cannot possibly come to one that has not filled euch a position. It broadens one's views and gener ates more intense sympathy and interest) in all the work in which we are engaged. I can easily understand most sincere aud godly men taking up one line of work — the educational, the financial, or the evangelistic, or^ny other, and making everything of that without looking at the interest of a church broadly, but I find tbat to really and substantially prosper all the departments must be vigorously pushed. I am pleated to report that there is an increase of members on the year's working, and that we have made a nevr departure in undertaking mission work in China. We have eent our much eb-teemed brother, the Rev. E. J. Piper, to that field. He commands our complete confidence as our representative in that work, and I am snre that he will have a Dlace in our prayers. In looking into the internal affairs of the church I wish to say — L That above all things we must keep up the spiritual temperature of the body. This I shall ever feel is the most vital thing to care for. Failure here is failure every where, and this not a matter for the ministry only, but for all the membership. We may organise this aud that, we may discipline, but all we have to do is to let in tbe glorious fullness of the spirit of God upou her. And this can only be done by having among us meu of might in prayer and full of tbe Holy Ghost. Our young converts will be strong in their spiritual birth. Our rising ministry will be grown out of such conditions as will set them on fire. Tbe mission spirit wiil burn and glow among us, and altogether there will be such conditions as will compel cheering pro gress. And as members of tbis Conference it is for us in this to lead the way. &. iu Luia spirit wo suau oe piejjaieu iur »u kinds of sacrifice. The Church of God has been made by that, and there is as much need and room for it as ever ; as I have ever under stood the Christian life it is one of the main things in it. We read in tbe Scriptures about filling up the remainder of Christ's sufferings in his body, the church, and we only want to think of the history of our own church in this colony, such men as were the pioneers of our work, to be duly impressed with the thought tbat we owo our position to-day to tbe wonderful sacrifices and the marvel lous energy tbat these veterans dis played in their work. But tbe sacrifices are not all over. It is only as we continue to exercise the name grand spirit that we ahall make progress. 3\. Then we muat be prepared to full;* ap preciate one another's work. We all differ in our natures, our aptitudes, our lines of useful ness. We are only fragments of humanity^ and it takes the whole to make up complete nees. is is a real Erjuuii-iu ui xJivwe grace to heartily thank God for the gifts, the graces, and the brilliant triumphs ot others. Unless we are thus in a sound state with respect to our spiritual condition we oan never cope with euch external conditions as we are at present surrounded with, and as a part of the Church of Christ we are called upon to give our contribution to the right guidance of the future of the colony ; and I am certain in say ing tbac the present conditions of the colony are such that great spiritual power is needed to deal with them. We have ever to deal with the natural diffi culty of the waywardness of man, or to put it in Scrintura.1 lAncrtia.£ra the carnal mind. Tha.fi has always been so. Men have never yielded to Christ without a struggle of self-will. This difficulty is in the nature of our work. Christ and thn world spirit are totally different, and it is only as he gains the ascendency will the world improve. This is the eld fight, but there are peculiar difficulties to different ago?, and ours is one that calls for great power to deal with it. The world is full of what I would call quack theories of bringing about a millennium, and these theories are expounded in many oases by strong and capable men. There are the theories of mere social adjustments, educa tional provisions, political programmes, indus trial regulations or even anarchical upheavals. These things apart from the Christ of the New Testament, or the Christ of the Church can never bring ud to that golden ape we bo yearn to see. It is as the spirit of Christ is revealed and developed in the lives of men that better conditions for the toiling masses of tbe people will be Beoured. Legislation beyond the moral condition of the people to%receive it will be come a dead letter. Lift up and inspire that condition and you are performing the very higheet service to human society, and I feel sure that God has called us to assist in that grand and blessed work, and my desire is that we devote ourselves to this with a boundless and an intelligent enthusiasm. We want no other Gospel than what we have always preached, bnt we must be careful to preach it with a perfect fullness of statement. Let us not have a part) of tbe truth but the whole of it, and let us not address ourselves to any one section of the community. We must preach on the responsibilities of wealth ; no man absolutely owns anything. He is a steward, and will give account to God, and not. only of his stewardship of mere earthly riches but of all other rich endowments, and we are required to tell men faithfully tbat unless in this they are following the example of Christ they are nob walking in his footsteps and cannot be his dis ciples. Then others must have tbe Gospel of frugality of industry and of the restraint of all the passions preached to them, and what ever men may eay we must be bold, to state that no power less than the indwelling Christ oan control and guide them. With this epirit we shall reach the masses. That is the problem the Church is ever talking about : but it is reached by fearlessness, by love, and a genuine interest . in all their wolf arc. Lit us go forth in God's name equipped for onr work, and we euall find tbat glorious text true— 'Ho that goetli forth and weepeth bearing precious eeed Hhall doubtless como again with rejoicing bringing his Kbeaves with him.' THE PKESinKST KLECT. The Rev. Enoch Gratton was elected presi dent of the Conference by a unanimous vote, and the Rev. W. T. Penrose was unanimously elected secretary of the game. Tbe Rev. C. Tkesise gave tho Rev. E. Gratton a hearty welcome to the presidential chair as his successor. The Rev. E. Gratton said : — I thnnk you very sincerely for the honor you have conferred upon me in placing me in the position which 1 now occupy. 1 cannot say that this appoint ment has taken me by utter surprise. On three previous occasions this Conference has been good enough to place me iu offices which involved responsibility and honor, and in each case the appointment came to me as a complete surprise. I refer to tbe offices of secretarj^f the examining committee, chairmanship of Ae Kadina district, and [secretaryship of the Con ference. I had no thought of or wish for either post. But the honor you bave just placed upon me has not been eo unexpected. Again and again during the past year friends have conveyed to me brood liirjts and kindly threats. I hope tbat the cloud which has been hanging over me for 12 months is one of thoBe clouds chat ' break iu blessings KJtX UL1C2 AJdk\\_l. J- A*«n » \J jjvju uuu^uv UUIS U |3 tinguished post ; on the contrary, I bftve almost stubbornly shrunk from it. I feel 6ure, how ever, than as you bave generously imposed upon me the duties of presidency, you will sustain me during tho Conference and throughout the year by your help and prayers. I feel conscious that I stand before you lacking one great qualification which most, if not all, my predecessors have possessed, namely, the advantage of a life - long connection with the Bible Christian Church. In is not my fault, even if it be my misfortune, not to have been born in the Bible Christian Cburch. Perhaps eome of you will aliow that the n°xt best thing to being a Bible Christian is to have -belonged to the Methodist New Connexion Church for most of my life. You will further bear with me when 1 Bay for the New Connexion Church, iis ministers, principles, and interests I still I still feel that the New Connexion Church is dear to me, I can add with thorough sincerity that the Bible Christian -Church is a:so dear to me. Although Iwasnotborn or born again in the Bible Christian Church when six years ago I entered into its fellowship and was joined into its ministry, I did ao with the deliberate in tention of living and dying in ic, and that is my intention to-day unless Methodist union comes to modify our church relationships. Then 'where you go I shall go ; where you dwell I 6hall dwell ; your people shall be 'my people, as well as your God my God.' I have learnt to love and res[-eet the ministers of the Bible Christian Church, to delighti in its history and appreciate its principles. There are two questions we shall have to con Eider, the importance of which places them in the front rank. One is tbe presi dent's scheme for the extinction of the missionary debt. This Echeme demands our gravest and speediest consideration. If we do not deal with this debe vigorously it will seriously hamper our work. Some people say — '* But you should not have gone into debt.' That may be so. But I would like to ask these friends two questions. What have they done to prevent the debt from accumulating? What have they given, and what have they sacrificed ? Others say — ' What have you got to show for the debt':' I am glad to be able to reply that we have pomer.hine solid and satisfactory to show for it. During the last ten years there has been an increase of 5,271 adherents and over 1,000 members, with a corresponding increase in other departments. Is not tbis a substantial set-off against tbe debt'' The other question to which I wish to refer is that of Methodist union. I will not) presume to say how we ought to deal with this question, but I wiil express the hope that we shall so deal with it thati if the present attempt to secure union fails tho blame for such failure shall not lie at tbe door of the Bible Christian Church. Personally I cannot believe that the present waste of time, strength, and money ought) to be long perpetuated. No doubt there are great difficulties in the way of union, but are there not also great 'difficulties in thu separation, and it is not in harmony with the history of all great movements that they have to be advanced in the teeth of stubborn difficulties? I hops-we shall bave a very bappy Conference, and that our proceed ings will be characterised by wisdom and power, charity and courage. F.LECT1ON OF OTHER OFFICERS. The following officers were then elected : — Rev. S. C^Mugford, journal secretary ; the Revs. W. T. Shapley and J. H. Ashton, duplicate and triplicate secretaries. The hours of pession were fixed at from 9.30 to 12 a.m. and from 2 to 5 p.m. INVITATIONS AND WELCOMES. The secretary of the Young Men's Christian Association offered by letter the uf« of their rooms to members of Conference.' The offer wts thankfully received. The invitation of his Excellency the Lieu tenant-Governor for members of Conferenco to attend an ' Ati Home' at Government House on Thursday afternoon was gratefully accepted. The retiring president) and sesretary were thanked for their year's service. Dr. Torr was cordially invited to attend as frequently as possible the ait Dings of Confe rence and take part in its deliberations. It was resolved — That we are gratified to learn that the health of all our fcuper&nnuated; brethren his been fairly pre served, and that amid infirmities, especially in the ca*e of Bro. John Hidclift. i.hey have continued to pire ttaeircircuitu the btnent of their Ions experience and mur-.h valued labors. The Rev. W. Ready and Mr. James Smith, of New Zealand, were enthusiastically wel comed to the Conference by tbe following resolution : — That it is with much pleasure and sincere gratitude to the Great Hu-bandman that we have heard of the successful work of our brother, the Rev. IV. Ready, at Dunedin, and it is now our privilege to heartily welcome him, as chairman of ihe New Zealand dis trict, to our Cocfeieace, and to invUp him to a seat on our platform. We also welcome his companion, Mr. Smith, as a visitor, and we request both brethren to carry back our heirtiest greeting to the brethren and friends in their colony. Mr. Ready thanked the Conference in a very effective speech. . The ternjon to fiho Conference was preached at 7.30 p. in. by the Rev. T. McNeil to a large and appreciative congregation from Acts iv., 14-15. Tbe sermon was remarkably able and was eloquently delivered. The Lord's Supper followed. The Rev. E. Gbatkmt. Mr. Gratton was born near Hanley, North Staffordshire. England, in 183S. Hia early life was spent in the midst of some of the gloomy and stormy scenes connected with the Chartist riots. In '1838 the famous Charter, or 'People's Charter' as it was termed, was framed by a committee consisting of Ei x M.F.'e and six working men. Mr. Gratton has a vivid recollec tion of some of the painful sufferings en dured by the working people during the middle of this century. Hanley was the centre of great agitation. Mass meetings were held, and bread riots were witnessed. It was for making & speech in Hanley on August 15, 1842, tbat Thomas Cooper, the famous author of 'The Purgatory of Suicides,' was sent to Stafford Gaol for two years. Mr. Gratton'a ancestry belonged to the Methodist New Connexion Church from the time nf its nrienn in 1707 TTa vh r*nnnnn.t$-tl as a scholar, teacher, member, and local preacher with that church. On the first Sunday in November, 1S61. he commenced his ?work as a minister in Newoastle-upon-Tyne. The Rev. W.— now ' General'— Booth had been stationed in Gatesbead for three years, and was appointed in 1SG1 to the Newcastle circuit. At that Conference a long and vigorous debate took place upon Mr. Booth's request to bave a 'roving commission.' A majority opposed the request, and Mr. Booth resigned. The second minister was appointed to take charge of the circuit, and Mr. Gratton was Bent as second preacher. From Newcastle he moved to Gateshead, and thence to Durham. He -was afterwards stationed in Bristol, Sheffield, Halifax (four years), Moasley (near Manchester, five years), and Birmingham (six years). He left the .Mossley church with » 'membership of 275, one-half of whom had joined the ohurcb. during fats pasto rate- A eimiiar increase took place in Bir mingham. While Mr. Gratton was stationed there lie was for four years secretary of the Nonconformist Ministers' Association, includ ing .SO ministers, representing eight denomina tions. Tbis work brought! him in contact with gifted men like Dr. Dale, Jenkin Brown, Arthur MurscJI, W. F. Calloway, and Dr. Simon. In 1SS3 Mr. Grstton was 'asked by the New Connexion Gonferenoo to take oharg« of the Franklin-street church, Adelaide.^ He ac copted tho responsibility, Itft England on July 12, and landed at Lirgs Bay ou Sunday, August 20, and on the tame day commenced his work. About seven years ago an earnest attempts was made to secure the organic union of the minor Methodists in this colony. Mr. Gratton threw himself heartily into the move ment. A basis of union was prepared, the effort seemed likely to be crowned with success, when unforeseen difficulties arose and led to the abandonment ot «he scheme. The basis, however, had been sent to the New Connexion authorities and had been generally approved by them. Until the larger union could be brought about Ibe committee recommended Mr. Gratton and the Franklin-street church to unite with some Methodist church of kindred sympathies and in which tbey could find a sphere of usefulness and comfort. In li-SS a union was effected be tween tbe Franklin-street cburch and the South Australian Bible Christian Conference. Mr. Gratton continued for two years to labor in connection with his old church and among people to whom he was deeply at tached. In 1S90 he was appointed to the Moonta circuit1, of which he has boen the pastor up to the present date. Here his pulpit ability, his diligence as a pastor, his sagacious counsel, hip knowledge of *he general condition of society, combined with his kindly gracious geniality, bave endeared him not only to the members of his own church but to the inhabitants of the entire neighborhood. The church and congregation at Moonta have grown under his fostering care. At this Con ference Mr. Gratton was appointed chairman of tbe Kadina district, and during his four years' occupancy of that office his business tact, his urbanity and courteous demeanor have commanded the respect of all tho officials and ministers with whom he has come in contact. In 1S.S0 Mr. Gratton was appointed secretary to the examining committee. 