A COUNTRY SWEET HEART. By DORA RUSSELL. Author of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Broken Seal,' 'The Track of the Storm,' 'The Vicar's Governess,' 'The Last Signal,' 'His Will and Hera,' &c; fPabliehed by special arraoeement with the author. All rigbti reserve^.] Chapter XXXVL— By the Sea. Tbe next day Ralph Webster went to see a very different woman to the sprightly actress. He went to see pale, sad-faced May Churchill, propped up in an easy chair, with the unmis takable attitudes of weakness and languor in every movement. A sudden flush, however, rose to her very brows as Webst6r entered the room and ehe nervously held out her hand. She was re membering that momentous meeting on the bridge ; remembering her terrible misery and despair. And the ordinarily calm Webster was also ill at ease. He took the thin, trembling, little hand in his almost without a word ; he looked at the altered face and a strange painful emotion stirred his heart. ' You are better ?' he said a moment later, but not in his usual firm tones. 'Yes, much better,' she answered. It was the same sweet low voice that he had listened for too eagerly at his aunt's house ; that had touched some hidden chord in hut heart that hitherto had been mute. ' Dr. Brentwood told me you were much better,' he went on still nervously, 'and I hope soon to see yon quite well.' May made no reply -for a moment or bo ; then she looked up in his face. ' And did Dr. Brentwood tell you anything else?' sbe asked. 'Did he tell you that I wish to find some employment at once ?' ' He told me something of this,' answered Webster, taking a chair and drawing it nearer to her ; ' but for you to do anything at once is, I am sure, impossible.'' ' But I murft, indeed I must, Mr. Webster,' said May earnestly. ' I cannot any longer be a burden to you I know I have been — ' Here she paused and tears came unbidden into her eyes and she turned away her head to bide her emotion. ' Do not, I entreat you, speak thus,' said Webster, also much moved. 'I have only been too happy, too thankful to have been of any use to you. And anything I can do for you ; anything that a most sincere friend can do, I am sure you know I will da' 'You have been most kind, most good,' faltered May. ' But— but do not let us speak of the painful past ; it up?ets me and unfits me for what I have got to eay ; for what I must do. What I want is to find eome work, some employment.' ' And what have you thought of ?' ' I have thought of many things,' answered May with a wan smile. ' I am not sufficiently educated to be a governess I fear, for I have never been at any college nor passed examina tions as they do now. I could go into a shop — ' 'Certainly not,' interrupted Webster quickly. ' Why not ? It is a means of livelihood, and what matter is it?' said May quietly. ' It is a life you are quita unsuited for and one utterly unsuited to yon. That is out of the question.' 'Then there are telegraph and post-office clerks, are there noc, who are women ?' 'Yes, but ? ' ' But Mr. Webster, I must do something. And — there is another thing I have thought of — what! I should like beat, I think — to be » nurse.' ' Do you mean a hospital nurse ?' 'Yes. like Nuree Margaret, who has attended upon me. I am sure I should lika this best, and if Dr. Brentwood would give me a chance ? ' ' I am sure he will do anything for you that he can. Ye.?,' continued Webster after ft moment's thought, 'I think that life would suit you best. You are naturally gentle and kind and to help poor aick people would be a congenial task to you. But nursing, like other things, has to be taught. I will talk to Brentwood about ifc.' '?'Yes, they receive what they call pro bationers at some hospitals, and perhaps Dr. Brentwood would kindly use his influence to get me admitted at one of these.' 'I will see about it and I think ib is tha most likely thing to suit you. But before you do anything, or think of anything, you must have a complete change of air. You must go to the seaside for a while.' ' I cannot do this Mr. Webster.' ' Forgive my saying so, but you must. Nothing will make you strong but that. How could you nurse anyone when you still want nursmg yourself 1 You must go to Hastings, or one of those places.' ' I — I have no money to do so — it is im possible.' ' Have I not asked you to regard me as a sincere friend? Do you think the trifle it would cost is not most heartily at your ser vice V When you become a very swell nurse you know,' added Webster, smiling and try ing to speak lightly, 'you must repay me.' ' If — if I only could,' said May, with emo tion. ' You can and will. Now that is all settled and tell me where would you like to go — Hastings V' ' But Mr. Webster ? ' ' What sort of person has waited on you here ? A nice woman ?:- 'A very nice woman. Nurse Margaret, Sister Margaret, they call her. She has been bo good to me.''' 'Then you shall go to Hastings with Sister Margaret to take care of you. And I shall expect to see quite a rosy face when I go down to see you. And now I am not goiug to stay any lohger to-day and tire you. We have settled that you are to become a nurse, but first you must get quite well. I will see Brentwood and make all arrangements. l\\-r the present good-bye.' He held out his hand, which May took tremulously. She dare not ask him any queg r.ions nor even enquire after his aunts. She knew if she did sho would break down and he knew this also. They both ignored the past, or at least did not speak of it. And when she next saw Dr. Brentwood after this interview with Ralph Webster he told her that everything was settled. She was to go to Hastings in three days, and Sister Margaret, the hospital nurse, was to accom pany her. ' And when you return I will see about re ceiving you here as a probationer, :- said tne doctor, 'as Webster telfs me you wish to be come a nurse. Would you rather stay here or go to another hospital?' 'I should rather stay here if I may,' answered May gratefully. ' I think I can manage it. Yes, the sea-cure is the very thing for you, and I expect yon will come back quite well,' 'But — but, Dr. Brentwood, about the ex pense ! I cannot ? ' The doctor moved his well- shr-ped hand. 'That is all settled,' he said; 'don't you trouble your head about anything. Sister Margaret has instructions to arrange every thing for you.' And May found that Sister Margaret had instructions to go out and purchase everything she required in the way of drjas or outfit. She was a nice, kind, sensible woman, whose own brow was not nnlined with sorrow, and she felt great pity for the poor yonng widow — so May was supposed to be in the hospital — whom she had nursed through her grievous illness. She was also instructed to ask Mrs. Church no questions regarding her past life. 'She has had great troubles; left her try to forget them,' the doctor told the nurse. 'She has youth to help her, and thinking of the past will do her no good.' Ralph Webster saw May again before she left town for Hastings, but when she tried to thank him for all he had done for her he would not listen. To do anything for her indeed was his greatest happiness. But he tried to hide this, and did hide the strong, deep feelings of his heart. But a painful incident occurred before he parted with her. Webster noticed that May was agitated, and suddenly her delicate skin flushed and with quivering lips she asked him a question — . ' Have you,' she said in a broken voice, 'seen or heard anything of — him ?' Webster hesitated, but he saw it was only cruel to prolong her suspense. 'I have heard nothing,' he answered, 'of Mr. Temple ; except I know a person who saw him one day.' ' Then he is still in London,91 cried May, with deep emotion; 'still — he must have made enquiries— he— he was sure to make enquiries — but no doubt he believes me dead. It is beat that he should believe me dead 1' She suddenly broke down and burst into passionate sobs. . In vain Webster entreated ner to try and compose herself. It seemed as though the flood-gate of her emotion waa let looBe and the long strain of silence broken. 'I am dead!' she kept on repeating; 'dead to everyone ; no one knows I live bus yon.' ' And yet yon pain me so deeply,9 said Webster in a low tone. ' Forgive me,' sobbed May, ?*? but I thought I would ask.' 'Hush, hush ! Try not to think of all this. A new life iB opening to yon ; try to go into it with a brave heart. Believe me, there is nothing like work ; it deadens pain.' There was an irrepressible ring of Badness in his voice as he said the last words, which told oE . his own hard struggle, the struggle of whicn May knew nothing. But something in his voice made her dry her tears and look at him. He waa very pale and his face had grown thinner and more marked sbe notioed and her heart reproached her for adding to bis troubles. . . ' 'Forgive me for being bo selfish,' she aaid gently; 'I — will hot give way any more. But have yon been ill? Yon do -not look very ?well.' ^ItArebej^joo-Juud-tro^ed, I«nppoe^y ; ? - ?; ??*: answered Webster, trying to smile. ' I shall : go down to Hastings for a day's holiday ? '? while you are there and that will freshen me up. And now, is there anything else I can do for yon f : 'Nothing, nothing indeed ! You have only been too good.' : , . : 'That is all right then and now good-bya' .?- .. He stooped down as he spoke and pressed his lips upon her hand and then turned quickly away. And May looked after him gratefully. ' How good he is,' she thought; 'what a noble heart he has ; I wonder what made him look so sad.' But a few minutes later Sister Margaret bustled into the room and she also was full of Mr. Webster's praise. 'What a thorough gentleman he is,' aha said quite enthusiastically. 'Have you known him long, Mrs. Church ?' ' 3?or some time,' answered May, and her tone remained Sister Margaret she had been instructed to ask Mre. Church no question re garding her past life. Yes the good woman naturally felt carious and had decided in her own mind that Mr. Webster must have been an old lover of the young widow's, and she began to hope that in might end in a marriage. This was, of course, entirely her own theory, for she had certainly nothing to go on. For she and May were quite a fortnight at Hastings befora they either saw or heard anything more of Mr. WebBter. She took comfortable rooms for May over looking the sea, and the change of scene and fresh air soon began to revive tbe drooping invalid. And a strange change came over May's mind also at this time. Sister Margaret) had many a sad tale to tell her ; tales of for saken wives and broken hearts. Her ex perience of life had not lain along its smooth paths. She bad trod the rough roads and the sick and sorrowful had been her daily com panions. And listening to her May began to learn that her case wa^ not worse than others ; her wound not more terrible than some of her fellow-sufferers.' 'I loved him too much,' she told herself; 'it blinded me and I believed he loved me as I loved him. But it was not the same.' Sbe did not even give John Temple bis due, for he had not felt for her a brief passion that) soon would pass away. He had loved ber with a selfish love no doubt, but with a love thaft made him put everything else aside for her sake. He thought also that she cared for him beyond and above all earthly things, that nothing would liave torn her from his side. He had not realised tbe shock, the horror of her awaking. It seemed to end everything for her aod now slowly struggling back to life she told herself that John Temple had never really loved her. She had been his plaything ; his ' country sweetheart,'' as he had often called her in his fond hours of love. Sittiner watching the long rolling waves ft breaking up against the white cliffs or the sea birds winging their way above the foam May told herself again and again that her life was done. That is her life of happiness and hope. There remained bat for her a cold and color less existence, toiling for her daiiy bread. Yet she did not now shrink from her fate. She accepted it as inevitable and after the firat bitterness was past bore herself with a certain amount of heroism and calmness. 'I was mad that night and but for Mr. Webster ? ' she sometimes thought and would shudder as she did so. 'I wonder he has never been down to see us?' at last one day said Sister Margaret at the very moment when May wa3 vaguely think ing of the past. The two were sitting together on the pier, in a bright fresh day in the early winter time, when Sister Margaret made, this remark. All round them was the deep blue sea, whit3-crested and sparkling in the sun. Visitors were strolling about and the whole scene was cheerful and invigorating. May roused herself from her sad day-dreams to answer Sister Margaret. 'You mean Mr. Webster?' she said. 'I dare say he is too busy to come.' She looked up as she spoke; looked across the pier . and with a little start the next moment she recognised Ralph Webster. He was leasing back against the railing watching the two women he bad come to see and when his eye3 met May '3 he raised his bat and crossed over to speak ta them. ' Good gracious, Mr. Webster !' cried Sister Margaret, when she saw him. 'What a start you gave us ; we were just speaking of you.' 'Were you?' he answered, and he shook hands with them both and then sat down by May's side. ' May I sit beside you ?' he said, as he did so. ' I have been wondering,' he went on the next moment, smiling, ' how long I should stand opposite to you without your seeing me ? Do you know I've been quite five minutes over there.' 'Really !' eaid May. She felt nervous and agitated. Seeing him again so suddenly had brought the past more vividly before her. ' But I have not been wasting my time,' continued Webster, still smiling. ' I have been seeing, with great and sincere pleasure, how much you are improved. The sea air has made a wonderful difference in you.' ' Yes ; doesn't she look well T eaid Sister Margaret proudly. 'Indeed she does. This is a charming day,' went on Webster, looking up at the blue sky and then down at the blue sea. ' It seems like a rest to sit here ; a rest from the worries of the world.' 'And have you been very busy?' asked May half-shyly. ' I always work fairly hard, you know,' answered Webster. May did not .speak again for a few minutes. Sbe was thinking of what she had often thought how she had been first interested in Webster's work iu the case concerning Kath leen Weir's diamonds. She was wondering if he ever saw her now— the woman he knew to be John Temple's wife. And Webster, watching her delicate profile, almost guessed what was passing in her mind. But he tried to change the current of her thoughts. He pointed out a white-sailed littla vessel scudding bufore the wind ; he talked of the sea and of the sky, and May listened, and for tbe time her troubles faded from her mind. Suddenly, however. Sister Margaret seemed uneasy and began to fidget with her silver watch, twice unhooking it from her waist band. She looked at May, but May did not notice her. At last ehe said in a slightly marked tone — 'It is a quarter-past one o'clock, Mrs. Church.' ' I3 it?' answered May dreamily. 'Yes, and I am sure Mr. Webster must require some refreshment after his journey,' said Sister Margaret in a very pointed manner. May now understood. 'Oh! yes,' she said, rising. 'Will you come and have lunch with us now, Mr. Webster?' . 'I shall be very pleased, if you will allow me to do so,' he answered. 'Then in that case I will just hurry home and see that it is ready,' said Sister Margaret with alacrity. She was a handy woman and instantly made up her mind to add consider ably to the usual chop3 at their mid-day meal on her way through the town in honor of their guest. But she did not wish him to know this. 'I will leave you in charge of Mr. Web ster,' she went on and in a moment later hurried away bo quickly that Webster looked after her with a smile. 'I hope Sister Margaret is not going to give herself any trouble on my account,' he said. May smiled ; almost the first smile he had seen on her face since she had left Pembridge terrace. 'I think she must wish to improve onr usual lunch on your account,' she answered. 'She is such a good kind woman,' she con tinued, 'and she has gone through so much trouble, Mr. Webster.' 'Her face rather gives yon that impression. But she looks happy enough now — or at least content' ' It would be a great thing to feel content.' ' A great thing, indeed ; to know no longer the restless craving for something we cannot obtain.' ' And— and do you think,' began May and then she paused, hesitated, and slightly colored. 'Do I think what?' eaid Webster, and ha turned round his head and looked at her. 'Do yon think we could ever feel happy again — after a great blow, a great shock f ' I think we could feel happy, bat not tha same happiness. A sort of sobered, perhaps, a wiser happiness, no doubt, might come to us.' ' It's dangerous to be too happy,' said May, with downcast eyes and quivering lipa. 'Not many of us have the chance of being so,' answered Webster rising. 'But come, we must not keep Sister Margaret waiting.' 'No,' [and May also rose, and together they walked down the pier, but Webster merely talked of the people that they passed on their war. He wished her to forget, for a time &t; least, the shadow on her yonng life, the grief that made it so hard to bear. Sister Margaret had not exerted herself in vain. In'addition to the usual dish of chops she had purchased a pigeon-pie, a lobster, sad various trifles on her way through the town. In fact she looked on the repast ehe spread befora WebBter with pardonable pride. And he tried to make the whole thing pleasant. He told some good stories; he complimented Sisten Margaret on her pie, and the good woman; thoroughly enjoyed herself. And when lunoh was over Webster, after going to the window and looking at the smooth sea and the sailing l tsiB0U^^S^?t8 Wu8 breast, proposed that they »Ml§ont f & & 8aiC*ndi gfefc* beautiful day, Eunny, cloudless, almost warm, and yet with the crisu touch of the early winter in the clear air. That crisp touch bronght a wild rose bloom back once more to May's fair oval cheeks ; it brightened her eyes and she Bodied more than once as she cat by Webster's side. ' I have never been on the sea before,' she said to Webster. ' Do you remember when *' and for a moment she paused — ' when \re rowed on the Thames?' Yes, Webster remembered that day too well; remembered the beautiful girl sitting opposite to him in the boat on the reedy river and dipping her white hands in the stream. There was no shadow on her face then, nor sorrow in her heart. Only sucshine and hope, with the unknown future lying before her bathed in golden light. But be made no allusion to these memories. ' I like the sea better than the river,' he said and there swept over his heart a strange and passionate emotion as he spoke. A wish to bear May away from her troubles for ever ; to carry her to a new haven of rest and peace. But by-and-bye the short winter day began to close and Sister Margaret drew her cloak nearer to her throat with a little shiver and glanced uneasily at the distant shore. ' It is time we were returning, is it not, Mr. Webster?' ehe said. These words roused Webster from his love dream. 'Yes, I suppose it is,' he said and he gave directions to the boatmen to set sail for the shore. But it was nearly dark when th6y reached HaBtings and there was a silver track from a half-moon on the rippling tide. They crossed this in the boat and Web3ter bailed it as a good omen. ' It means a silver lining to our clouds,' he eaid, 'a sign that we must always hope.' Chapter 'K'X' \ v TT. — A Sudden Change. May and Sister Margaret stayed another fortnight at Hastings after this sea excursion, and Webster went twice down to see them during this time and Sister Margaret was satisfied in her own mind that everything was progressing as she could wish. Then the weather broke up and storms and gales swept round the coast) and the sea foam flew into the town. And it was only when this happened that Webster yielded to May's repeated re quests for them to return to London. She wished now most earnestly to commence work ing to earn her own living and had had some correspondence with Dr. Brentwood on the subject. He had arranged than she should join the staff of nurses at St. PhiUip's as pro bationer, and Sister Margaret) had already . given her some instructions. But twice during this time a strong temptation rose in Ralph Webster's heart ; a temptation, however, which he checked, and this was to ask May to be his wife and so shelter her all her future life. ' It would bus frighten her and make her uneasy,' he told himself; 'no, it is too soon.' So May went back to St. Phillip's with Sister Margaret, and when Webster saw her again she was dressed in the black gown and waite cap and apron of a nurse. She looked, however, so charming in this costume that he conld not conceal his admiration. 'You look like— well, what shall I say?' he said smiling. ' A Sister of Light.' *' Do you mean au angel 7' answered Slay, Emiliug also. 'Ah, I wish I felt like one.' ' And how do you realiy like the life?' went on Webster with'his dark eyes still fixed on her fair face. ' There are painful things, of coarse,' hesi tated May, 'but still you always feel that you are helping some one, and that is some thing.' ' But I hope they do not give yoa any hard work ; any disagreeable work.' ' They ara very good to me,' answered May softly ; ' everyone has been very good — and as for you, Mr. Webster ? ' ' Being good is net in my way,' answered Webster, hastily turning away his head. ' I do not know what you call good then ; I cannot tell you what I think.' May's voice faitered a little when she said this and Webster's self-imposed reserve per haps might have broken down, bat just at this moment Dr. Brentwood entered the room, as it was in his sittirjg- room that the interview between May and Webster was raking place. Indeed, it must ba admitted that ''Mrs. Church' was treated with some favoritism by the house-surgeon : and there were some plain nurses and some plain probationers who made their private comments and remarks on this fact. But May was so gentle and unassuming that as a rule she disarmed criticism. ' It's her pretty face,' they said, shrugging their shoulders ; *' well, men are all alike.''' And her pretty face had no doubt a great deal to do with it, and her pretty manner, and her sad sweet smile. Dr. Brentvsrood openly said to Webster she was too handsome for a nurse, but be knew, as all men who looked at her knew, that she never sought or desired at tention or admiration of any kind. And so the quiet dreary months drifted away and May stayed on at St. Phillip'6 Hospital, and only Ralph Webster knew that uhe lived there. Of John Temple Webster heard nothing, except that one day, when Christmas was past and gone, he accidentally met Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, who told him smilingly that he had had a visit from the actress, Miss Kathleen Weir. 'She had heard somehow,' he said, 'that Mr. John Temple is now heir to hia uncle's estates, and ehe therefore wished her allow ance increased. But I put her off, my dear sir, I put her off ; quite time enough when Mr. John Temple dots succeed.' 'And where is Mr. John Temple now?' asked Webster. 'He is abroad; he went abroad shortly after I had the visit from Miss Kathleen Weir and he looks shockingly ill, really shockingly ! I wish, I am sure, he may live to come into his inheritance.' ' What sort of man is he ?' ' He used to be a remarkably nice fellow ; pleasant, and rather philosophical in fact. But when I saw him last he had a most shattered appearance, like a man who had gone through some great mental strain or bodily illness. I fancy you know, Mr. Webster,' added the little man, shaking his head, ' that that early and unfortunate mar riage of his has been a most tremendous worry to him. At least when I mentioned Miss Weir having called at my offices he scowled : and muttered something about wishing he bad never seen her face. He may, you eee, now want to form a more reasonable marriage, but there is this millstone — a handsome enough mill etone though, ha, ha, ha ! hanging about his neck.' 'He should not forget that he hung it him self though,' answered Webster grimly ; and then he left Mr. Harrison. But when he next eaw Kathleen Weir in reply to her eager enquiries he was able to tell her that he had heard that Mr. John Temple had gone abroad. 'But where and when?' asked the actress quickly. ' That I cannot tell you.' ' But, Mr. Webster, I am anxious to know. That old rogue, Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, of course knows very welL But if I went to him he would not tell me. How am I to find out ?' 'But what good would it do you to find out?' 'Because I am convinced John Temple has something to hide. I want to be divorced from him, that's the truth, and if I knew where he was I could set detectives to watch his move ments. Don't you see ?' ' Unfortunately I cannot tell you where he is.' ' I wonder if old Harrison would tell you ? Oh ! do be a good soul and help me if you can,' and she laid her pretty, white, hs-ringed hand on his arm and looked in his face. ' Ic'e bo stupid to be bound like this to a man who is perfectly indifferent to you, and, moreover, \- who actually deteBts you. I swear to you he looked as if he really hated me that day on Westminster-bridge. And why should I waste all my youth and my life ? His money is not worth it' *' It is a very hard case, certainly.' 'I have felt this lately,' eaid Kathleen Weir in rather a marked manner ; ' before I think I did not care.' Again she looked in Webster's face and .with a sort of discomfort his keen dark eyes . fell before her large, restless grey ones. He was not a vain man, but a vague can&ciousne;&s; ' emote into his heart than this handsome woman had begun to regard him with different feelings to his own. This idea made him more chary of his visita and colder in his manner. And Kathleen Weir, quick to perceive this, also drew back. Thus some weeks passed without him seeing her, when one morning- an announcement in the Times brought her affairs more prominently before bis mind. This was no less than a notice in the obituary column of the sudden death of the Squire of Woodlea— 'On the 21b* inst., at Woodlea Hall, Philip Temple, Esq., aged 75, of heart disease.' Webster read the announcement twice over, thinking all the while of the great changes it might bring ; not to the fair black-robed pro bationer at St. Phillip's Hospital though, be decided ; it could not tonch her very nearly now, but to John Temple and Kathleen Weir. And yet on second thoughts be remembered it would bring Temple back to England and would make the friends of the missing girl 'more eager in their enquiries to learn her fate. John Temple would probably no w be forced to tell what he knew and the fact of his first marriage might be brought home to him, therefore the Icnowledge of the Squire's death disquieted Webster exceedingly, and the day did sot pass without bis receiving further news con cerning it The evening post, in fact, brought him a letter, from Kathleen Weir, and Tthe notice from the Times oi Mr. Temple's death fell out of it when Webster opened the envelope. The actress had evidently written in a\state of great excitemet. ... , \ 'Dear Mr. Webster,' he read, 'the en closed cutting from the newjejjppipar will tell you what baa oocurred. sThis fMJr. Tetaple whose death it records is *be sorcle of Jbhn j«mpla, who- Mstielr. J^^E&mple; is noW, benefiting by his accession to fortune. But though money ig i.a great thing, an immense thing, it is not* everything. _ John Temple, looking like a ghost, with misery stamped on every feature of his face. -There was, I am sure, some strong reafeon for this, for as a rule he is an easy-going man, inclined to make the best of everything, as he used to think it not worth while to strive with fate. 'There I did and do disagree with him. It is worth while at any rate to try and make the best of one's life, and it is not making the best of mine, I think, to remain the wife of a man I never eee. He is a rich man now, can afford to pay a long price for his freedom, and his freedom I am certain he desires. What I mean is this : he will now be coming to England and will, of course, go down to the place he has inherited. I want, therefore, someone to go to him and make him a proposition ; to say, in fact, Kathleen Weir, the wife of whom you are tired, is also fired of you and wishes to be free from so galling a tie. I am certain it might be arranged, only it is so difficult; to write on such matters and one can only do so to someone in whom you have com plete confidence. I have complete confidence in you, though I have seen so little of you of late, but I think I can understand the reason of this. At all events will you come to see me now and we can talk the matter over. Will you come to-morrow evening? I shall be alone, as I have a whole host of things to tell you. 'Ever sincerely yours, 'Kathleen Weir.' Webster read this letter and at once under stood its meaning. Kathleen Weir wished to be free, and she believed that John Temple had given her cause to seek a divorce and that if ehe were anxious to obtain one that he would offer no opposition ; nay, gladly aid her in her desire. She also meant — and Web3ter smiled a little scornfully as he thought this — that she intended to make him pay for his freedom. They were to play into each other's hands in fact, and she wished some confidential friend or agent to approach him on the subject. 'I wonder if she intends this honor for me,' he reflected bitterly. And he thought of May Churchill witu a quick pang of pain. If this woman could obtain a divorce and would accept mosey to be divorced, which no doubt John Temple would gladly pay, be would be free to marry May! Webster bit bis lips and frowned angrily at this idea. This no doubt was Kathleen Weir's design ; she would not scruple, she had said, to invent a charge of cruelty against him, and for the rest she had a perfectly good case. Webster began walking restlessly up and down the room after he had considered the actress's letter, but he determined to do nothing to aid her. But if she succeeded what should he do ? What ypould be best and kindest to the poor girl whose heard John Temple had nearly broken ? It was a painful question, not easy to answer or to solve, bub at all events Kathleen Weir had not yet obtained her divorce. ' 1 wiil go and see her,' he decided ; ' I will learn exactly what she means to do.' Therefore on the following evening he did go to see her and she was very pleased to wel come him. She started up as he entered the room and held out her little wnite hand. ' How good of you to come,' she eaid. ' I have been wishing so much to see you.'' 'I came to talk over your great news,' be answered with a smile. 'It is great news, isn't it? Great and good news, for I hope soon it will Iree me of John Temple.' ' But — what have you to go upon ?' ' I will find eornetbing to go upon,' said the actress half impatiently. '' I have hie address ac all events now, for he is sure to go to Wood lea Hall and look after his property, and I must fiad Eomeone — or ? ' And she paused and thought for a moment and then cJapped her hands. 'I must find someone,' she re peated, ' to go to him or go niyself. There, Mr. Webster, what) do you think of that? What do you think of ruy going to visit my lord in his new state? I would be a welcome visitor, wouldn't I, and no doubt could make a splendid bargain with him iu his eagerness to get rid of me?' 'But — it would expose you to a very pain ful Bcene ?' ' I am accustomed to scenes, you know,' answered Kathleen Weir, with a little laugh. ' Do you know I think it is a splendid idea. At all events, we might mutually agree to meet somewhere and arrange also mutually to get rid of each other ?' ' But what about the Queen's Proctor in tervening ?'J Kathleen Weir gave an airy shrug of her shoulders. ' We must manage to be too clever for the Queen's Proctor and John Temple I'm cer tain will be only too glad to back me up in anything I say. I flhail have some bandtuis of hair ready and swear he tore them out of my bead.' And Kathleen Weir laughed. But Ralph Webster did not laugh. He was thinking ot May Churchill and how ber fate might hang on the false words of this woman's tongue and he iooked very grave when he rose to go away. 'Going so soon,' cried Kathleen Weirgaily. Sbe was disappointed at his leaving so early, but she did not wish to show this. 'I can wait,' she thought after he had quitted the room ; ' they say everything comes to those who wait.' Chapter XXXVIII.— Tiie Dead Man's Belongings. Mr. Temple's sudden death had also natu rally created great excitement both at Woodlea Hall and at the farm at Woodside. The Squire had breakfasted with his wife as usual on the morning it occurred, and about an hour later Mrs. Temple had gone into the library to ask him for some money Bhe re quired, when to her surprise and alarm she found him with his grey head lying on the writing-table before him and his arms hang ing limply by his side. ' Philip !' she exclaimed and ran up to him and laid her hands on his shoulder. But the face that had ever looked gently at her did not stir. Then Mrs. Temple raised his head and the moment she did so she gave a wild shriek. For there was no mistaking the pallid grey hue of the complexion or the dull glazed half-open eyes. Mr. Temple was dead, and Mra. Temple, ever impulsive and excit able, ran screaming to the door of the room to tell the news and summon the household. They sent for the doctor, and the newly made widow knelt by the Squire's side and chafed his cold hands and wailed and wept for the man to whom in his lifp-time she had given no love. Now she regretted him, she clung to him, and would Sain have recalled him to her side. And presently her mother arrived on the scene and then her father. Mr?. Layton'e first thought when she heard the Squire was dead was to speculate on how much he had left behind him and to groan in apirit at the idea that now her daughter would probably have to leave the Hall. ' And that John Temple will be coming, I suppose,' ehe whispered to her husband, ' and where will we all be?' 'My dear, to speak of such things in the presence of death ? ' began the Vicar mildly. But Mrs. Layton turned her little eager facts away from him before he could complete his homily. ' I must see after things,' she eaid, which meant a good deal to Mrs. Lav ton's mind. First she had to induce her daughter to leave the dead man's side and go to her own apart ments. Then Ehe ran from room to room picking up little things here and there that she thought at such a time she could collect without remark. Nothing came wrong to Mrs. Layton ! A few sheets ot note-paper, an envelope or two, anything in fact that sbe could lay ber hands on. 'They will never bo missed ; they are of no value,' she told herself as she gathered her spoil together. She was haunted by the id » that John Temple might arrive at any moment and. that she would not have such another opportunity. The servants were all downstairs talking of their master's sudden death, and the whole household naturally disarranged. Mrs. Temple was in a state of half-remorseful grief and ex citement, and she also was now thinking of the coming of John Temple. ' He will be master now, I suppose,' Bhe thought bitterly, 'and I shall be turned put.1' She remembered tco the morning he had left Woodlea through her interference and mentally saw again his pale, set face as be had told her he would never return. He would return now, and. would that girl come with him? Mrs. Temple kept asking herself. For up to the time of the Squire's death nothing had been seen or heard at the Hail of John Temple since the morning he quitted it. Mr. Temple had felt naturally offended by his nephew's reticence, but at last, at Mr. Churchill's earnest request, he had written to John Temple's bankers to ask if they could tell him of his nephew's whereabouts. The bankers wrote to inform the Squire in reply that Mr. John Temple waB abroad and that before leaving England he had taken out a considerable sum of money in letters of credit. They wrote nothing : more ; they had in fact been instructed by John Temple before he left England to give no information if any en quiries were made about him. He had gone away a moody and remorseful man, but Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, knew where to find him, and also some officers of the police force. With these he had left orders, which he believed now to be useless, that should anything be ever heard of the lady who had disappeared from the Grosvenor Hotel on such a date that he was at once to be. communicated with. But John Temple believed that May was dead, be lieved that in a sudden frenzy ot grief and shame ehe had destroyed herself. And many a dark and dismal hour he bad stood looking down into the murky river moodily thinking it was sweeping over the fair head of his young love. It was on one of these miserable occasions that Kathleen Weir had seen him, and a&ndden; feeling of hate and anger had swept through his heart at the eight .of hec. .And. shortly after this encounter he had left England. He felt, in truth, that lie could bear the etiain no \ -, -.-?!? .-''?? ~..s ? ..-o'.^-' r.-- ? ...?''?-???? fnrtber ; that the terrible haunting memory of the young life he believed he h'ad destroyed would overthrow hie reason if he remained any longer on the spot. In the meanwhile Mr. Churchill, in spite of his own secret anxieties, bad gone, about telling his neighbors that his daughter and her husband, Mr. John Temple, was abroad. There was no one to contradict thiB, yet some how the impression got about that every thing was not quite right. Perhaps it was the way iu which Mrs. Churchill drew_ in her firm lips when her husbaud spoke of his daughter. At all events she never spoke of her, nor did she encourage her step-sons to do so. At first the boys had been overjoyed when they heard of May's marriage and looked forward to many a happy day at the Hall. But when week after week passed and May never wrote to them they coald not under stand it. What was to prevent her writing they asked each other doubtfully, even if she were twenty times abroad. Then the banker'* letter con firmed the news that John Temple was abroad, and after that all through the winter months neither at the Hall nor at the homestead was anything more heard of John Temple or May. (To be continued.) 