THE NOVELIST. GATHERED RUE. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. By Elleeton Gat, Author of " Drifting under the Southern Orou," " Across the Gulf," &o.; CHAPTER III. STORM WRACK. A still louder clap of thunder, followed by a tremendous craen of a tree struok by light niug and a sulphurous smell, made even thoBe accustomed to the violence of a tropioal storm start and tremble. " Wisha, wisha !" cried the simple-minded Irish woman-servant, unoonsoioutly wringing a towel in ber hands, as she rushed in from the adjoining bedroom, where she had been put ting down the mosquito nets round the beds. " Ob, 'm sure it's the end of the worrnld I The Blessed Saints preserve us this night! There's a banshee waiting on the verandah ; sure it's death to us all it manes. Ob, Jesus an' Mary watoh over us 1" she added with ex treme fervour as another olap shook the slight house and reverberated round the slab ohimneys. "It will soon be over, Johanna, said Mrs. Tremayne, "it is too violent to lost long. Don't be frightened. As for your banshee, you heard the wind whistling through the creepers of the verandah, IeuBpeot." "I heard it just then, too," said Olga timidly, "and I think it muBt be a ghost—or something." "I heard something," Mora ohimed in, listening intently at the door ; "but I think it was only one of the pet lambs. I shall go and see." "Stay here, Mora," said Mrs. Tremayne, "Ihear a ory too. I think, ae you Bay, it is one of the young lambs." "1 shut them up myself, mother, when I fed them," said Olga with ohattering teeth. "I am perfectly sure they could not have got out." " Well, if it is not one of the pet lambs I must go and see what it is." Mrs. Tremayne went into the adjoining room, whioh also opened on the verandah at the end from -whioh the ory oame. She was closely followed by both girls and Johanna, the latter with her faoe buried in the towel with which she bad been whisking away the mos quitoB from under the netB by way of protec tion against the banshee. The ory was stilled and in the pitch dark ness there was nothing to bo seen. They all stood expectant for the next flash of lightning. It oame very quiokly, lasting a moment, and leaving them blinded by its glare and deafened by the thunder that followed; but the interval of brightness had been of sufficient duration to reveal the preBenoe of an unusual objeot which appeared to be pushed as far out of the storm as any one standing outsideoould have managed. It was under the shelter of the verandah, and was soaroely reached by the driving rain. Just then a hopeless, plaintive cry came from the bundle, and Mrs. Tremayne, with no other thought than that it was some young creature adopted and then forgotten by Evelyn, dragged the bundle (or whatever it should prove to be) into the sitting-room and into the light of the lamps. The outer husk proved to be a few smooth strips of oinnamon-hued bark roughly inter woven with withes of the monkey vine into some semblance of a baskot, which almost closed over an infant, whose face was dearly visible from under its wrappings of torn blue blanket. " Holy Vargin !" ejaculated the astonished but somewhat reassured Johanna, "whoever saw the likes 1 I have heard tell of raining oats an* dogs, but nsw- born babes falling from the clouds bates Bannagber 1 It's just a live fuuderbolt. Will I be afther putting it out side again, Mrs. Tremayne t Sure there's something onoanny about the orayture, so there is 1" At this moment the child, who had been paoified by the movement and the lights, com menced to cry once more. " It is hungry," said little Mora with the decision of a spoilt ohild s "give it Boms bread and jam, Johanna, and then give it to me to play with. I will have it instead of dolly that's broken and doesn't ory any more now." "Sure, Mies Mora, it isn't a rale babby at all, at all," said Johanna, whose doubts began to revive as she oonsidered the super natural appearanoe of the little .visitant, "it'll wither away like smoke when the storm is over." " Don't talk nonsense, Johanna," said Mrs. Tremayne severely; " bring the milk and sugar from the other end of the room and some warm water. I dare say that in the jug left from Master Evelyn's tea is hot enough." With reluotant hands Mrs. Tremayne lifted the wailing infant from its rough nest, where it had been lying on a bed of the grey liohen, knownoolloquially as"oldman'sbsard." While the two girls stood gazing at the unexpeoted visitor with wide eyes of astonishment, she proceeded with unaccustomed hands to sweeten some milk, and fed it to the infant with a spoon. It was obviously hungry, and took the food with avidity. " If it did not come down from the skies with the t'under, where did it come from at all 1" asked Johanna wonderingly, as she held the cup for her mistress and watohed the milk disappear in a very human and praotioal manner down the baby's throat. " There isn't a babby on the whole of Oondalla under six months old, and not one expeoted." Mrs. Tremayne was Bilent. She, too, was exeroised in her mind as to where the tiny waif could possibly have oome irom in the midst of such a severe storm and not even wet, for although the blanket glistened with large drops they had soarcely penetrated through it. Evelyn oame into the room and watched with astonishment the strange performance that his mother was going through. He waB scon informed of all there was to tell. " Perhaps this sooounts for the hawkers being in such a hurry this evening," he re marked with native shrewdness; "they thought they might get rid of a trouble by leaving it on your bands. Is there any clue?" he added, examining the rough cradle. "This might have been out one mile off or a hun dred ; it might have been made by a black fellow or a white man. I don't think any body oould tell whioh; but itiBn't a black ohild anyway. The blaoks would not forsake one of their own, though they might have stolen thiB and left it here." "I have not thought of locking at its clothes," said Mrs. Tremayne, laying the infant in her lap and examining the nature of its covering, whioh proved to be a longlength of ooarse, soft, white muslin, such as is used for puggarees. It was just as it may have come from the manufactory, and bore no stitoh nor mark as an indication of its, origin. With Johanna's asslstanpe Mrs. Tremayne commended to unwrap several yards-of the stuff, whioh had evidently been rolled on with due regard to the comfort of the wearer, until the plump red body of an infant, apparently six or sight weeks old, was diecovered. Bound its obest a fold of muslin was' sewn with oIumBy etitohea. Within the fold lay a pieoe of paper on, whioh Mrs. Tremayne, holding it at arm's length to get it within foous of her long-sighted eyes, read with mingled feelings " Madam, I am a pore girl, I oamt bring up your granohild as she should be bruug up, if your son was home I am sure he wood agree to what I've done, it's oney justice, I don't not blame Mr. Basil, Mrs, Tremain, I am oney a poor girl, her name is Margaret, my reepeots to you, Madom." The writing was on blue-lined paper, evidently a leaf torn from an exeroise book, and the writing was in printed capitals in faded ink, such as poor people make in their little dried up ink jars with the addition of water and vinegar. If Mrs. Tremayne bad not been taken bo entirely by surprise she would fain have kept the oontentsof this paper seoret, but Olga and Evelyn had mastered ita large writing sooner than she had herself, as she quiokly discovered by a glance at their perplexed faces. "Can I have it to play with now?" said Mora, breaking in on the painful silenoe. "No, no, dear," replied Mrs. Tremayne absently; " certainly not." " Is it Basil's ?" asked Mora, remembering the usual reason given for anything she was not allowed to touch. The blood surged into Mrs. Tremayne'a brain as the words she had read beoame more vivid in their meaning by the child's words than they had been at first. Basil's ohild 1 She had a strong impulse to strain it pas sionately to her heart, for was not the least of his belongings dear and sacred to her. How muoh more, then, this oreature that was flesh of bis fieah, bone of hie bone. But the mother! Who could this illiterate "pore nirl" be ? Who ever she might be she had abandoned the ohild. Perhaps, though, it was all false, adeoeption got up by some wicked woman who knew Basil was nob there to refute the acousation. "Bring the other lamp this end, Johanna," she said hurriedly as ebo peered into the child's pmall face for confirmation of the truth of the girl's story. YeB, it waa true, it was Basil's face that looked with wide, dark eyes at the bright light; there were hie peculiarly marked eye brows in miniature, his firm month and eqnare jaw. As muoh as ever the unformed features of an infant can resemble those of a man this child resembled her adored son. "The little toad likes the light," said Johanna delightedly, gurgling and orowing to the infant. "Law'm she's just thedead like ness of Mr. Basil when he was that size." As Johanna could neither read nor write and could not therefore have gathered the oontents of the paper, Mrs. Tremayne took this aa an unexpeoted confirmation. "The brunt of the storm is now over, Evelyn, go out and see what damage has bees done. Olga and Mora, you muxt go to bed. Johanna, bring a small bath and some warm water to my room." Her orders were obeyed by all with the usual promptitude. Olga, with precooiouB under standing, eluoidated to Mora the mystery of the appearance of the baby while they were undressing. Mora's memory,in after years dimly recurred to the inoidents of the storm, and Olga's explanation became olear to her; though at the time she only understood that she could not have the baby to play with, as it belonged in some way to Basil, like bis books and collections of treasured trifles wbiob she indulged in all else—bad been forbidden to meddle with. With her own hands Mrs. Tremayne washed the ohild and dressed it in old garments that she kept by her to give away as oocaaion demanded, and laid it gently in an improvised oot by her own bedside, with everything that could be wanted during the night, refusing Johanna's well-meant offers to look after the ohild, Evelyn brought back word from the manager, Morgan, that there had not been sufficient rain to bring the oreek down " a banker," consequently the new dam for which tbey bad trembled was safe ; the tree strnok by lightning had been a great gumtree by the pigstyes, which had killed one pig in falling; and a chimney of one of the hots had been struok without doing further damage. " We may find in the morning that some of the horses have been strnok, Morgan says, bnt that won't matter so much as the dam is safe," said Evelyn, then continuing with a nervous rush, " you—you don't mean to keep that ohild do you, mother; I don't believe that Basil knows anything about it, at any rate yon will write and ask him." " I shall oertainly keep it," said bis mother, and I forbid you or any one else to mention anything about it to Basil. I shall be op early to-morrow, yon can have Grey Monarch saddled for me at 6 o'olook." The next morning it was found that the same tree that had wreeked the pigstye in falling had knooked down several panels of the three-railed fence of the horse paddook, and the horses bad all made their escape in the night; so that it was late in the morning before a-horse oould be oangbt and saddled for Mrs. Tremayne. Bhe rejected Evelyn's offer to aooompany her. and rode off in the direction of the Lung Waterhole. Of oonrse the hawker's oamp had been broken up many hours, but her praotieed eye soon pioked np their trail from where their fire had been made, and she followed it up at her best s$eed towards Boobygan, but without noticing that a trail alao went in thedireotion of Grass Plains. A few hours hard riding were nothing to her, and she soon oame in sight of the spring oart slowly trailing aoross the plain. Jemima in a man'a hat and ooat rode astride one of. the horses, driving two poor beasts ahead aa before. Bill was carefully hidden within the oart as Mrs. Tremayne oame up with them. " Morning, mum," said Jemima, with rongh courtesy. " My word, that was a storm last night. Golly, I was olean frightened of it 1 It ll start the grass a-growing, won't it, mhml Bill, does the lady want anything in onr way to- day?" Thus addressed, Bill seemed to beoome sud denly cognizant of the lady's epproaob, and pulled the oart to a standstill off the track. "Good morning," said Mrs. Tremayne j "have you any muslin like this?" Bhe pulled a piece from her saddle pouoh whioh she had ont from the baby's wrappings. "Sorry to say I haven't any here. We've got jnst the very sort, but it's all on the other oart that's gone by Grass Plains. Do yon happen to want any tobaooo pouohes or pipes, gunpowder or oeps, billies or pannikins, shears or knives" "I want a knife," said Mrs. Tremayne, breaking off Bill's voluble list of commodi ties, remembering Evelyn's necessity. " Here y'are m, hee-yon-tifnl knife, three blades, oorkeorew, hoof-picker, ' tobaoco jrtopper, toothpick, and n&i;}-file, complete at they, make 'em, only five hob, and just a bandy size for a lady i" '' ' '"That will do," laid; Mrs- Tremayne, ibsehtly. " You have no one else with yon t epe:''aaked, after looking, attentively, at the withered weather-beaten faoe of Jemima, and amongst the heterogeneous contents of the cart—" no, young woman !" "Are yon meaning Biddy Walsh, Miok Flannigan'a shlip of a girl t" said Bill, with leer. "She's with the other oart, mum,and they've gone by Gr&aa; Plains." "Perhaps I do," said Mrs. Tremayne, quietly. " Do you think that I could oome up with them this evening ?" "That you would not, mum," said Bill, positively; " for Miok, he's got the best of the horseflesh and will be travelling lighter than we be." "Ia ehe a—a pretty-looking girl?" asked Mrs. Tremayne, ooldly. _ "Pretty is it! Ae pretty as paint; a faoe like a rose on her," said Bill enthueiastioally. "Miok has to keep a aharpeye on hie step darter—for all the young inen do bo run ning after her like flies to a honeybag. Doesn't they, Jemima!" "Handsome is as handsome does," said Jemima derisively. "She's an artful piano, that's what ehe ie." " Oome this way, my good woman," said Mrs. Tremayne, tendering a pound note for. the knife and forgetting to take the ohanga, and taking Jemima apart. "Has this Biddy Walsh, as youoail her, been this way before t" "She has, a matter of leaa than a year ago." " Has ehe bad a baby lately ?" " Law, yes'm, of oourse she had !" "And forsook it!" "Forsook it—oh,no; she just left it where it had good right to be." "That will.do. No, I don't require any . thing more." Wheeling her horse hastily, , Mrs. Tremayne cantered homewards, oon . vinoed that in Biddy Walsh ehe had found the j mother of the infant that had. been oontided . to bar oharge, and determined that for Basil's sake she would keep it and do as best she oonld for it. She would not follow the gitl; for many reasons she hoped she might never see her. When she reached the head-station late in the afternoon she found her daughter {Catherine lolling in a hammook on the verandah, with Olga and Mora waiting on her with tea and oakes. " What's all this I hear about a ohild of Basil's being dropped from the olouds on your doorstep, so to apeak," Catherine oried out, after a perfunotory kiss had been coldly performed ou both sides. " I have iospeoted the hideous little brat, and I am bound to say she carrion her parentage on her face. She's as like Basil as poseible. Olga eaye there was a paper, ff you will give it to me I will ride into Berriberri to-morrow, and the polioe may be able to find the mother ; for, of course, you don't want to be bothered with it, and I suppose you oouldn't drowu the thing like a superfluous kitten or puppy—though I don't myself see why you shouldn't! " I mean to keep the child," said Mrs. Tre mayne frigidly. "Oh, the model Basil I"sneered Catherine, " the paragon of propriety, who waB always so shocked at any harmless little frolio that I indulged in! I shouldn't wonder if he wrote to say that nature and the woman are both liars, and that the ohild ie none of his." " I beg that you will spare mo these remarks on ytur brother, Catherine," said her mother, authoritatively. "Mymind is madeup. When Basil returns it will be time enough to make himarbiterof theohild'a future. I shall nob ooinmunioate the facts to hira, and I desire you to be silent, too. You may now tell me of your Sydney trip." "There's nothing to tell,"said Catherine, sullenly. "I went, and I had a good time, and I came baok. Clifford is a little more disagreeable and eocentrio than when I went away; that's all. Good-by." And nodding noDohalantly to her mother and giving Olga and Mora a oareless pat, she mounted her horse and galloped off. 