A Narrative of Black Thursday. (By J. G. O'Donoghue.) (Continued.) Slashing, belting, beating right and left we continue to oppose the progress of the flames, pausing every now and then to straighten our aching back and shoulder and to wipe with a grimy arm the blinding sweat that ran down in streams from our foreheads. It is almost impossible to conceive the ludicrous appearance which we presented. The wild bloodshot eye, the black and white streaked face, the hoarse panting gasps that came in rapid succession from the gaping mouth; the whiskers, eyebrows, eye lashes and the hair in places singed to the skin, and the grotesque appearance of our clothing; some minus a hat rim or leg of a trouser, others with particles of a shirt or singlet encircling their necks or hanging from their waists. At length the proximinity of the fire coupled with the sun's heat. Throwing down the "beaters" we stagger rather than walk some distance to the right of the advancing line of fire, and take shelter from the sun's rays under a wattle to the low spreading branches of which the horses are securely tied. " Rest here boys awhile!" exclaimed someone and then we will mount and try to save the station and sheds. There is not much use trying to overcome the fire in such grass as this!" Saying this he threw himself at full length on the grass and buried his face in his hands quite overcome by his feelings. We had not been reposing long when I heard the rapid beat of horses hoofs in the direc tion of the station. Jumping up from the recumbent position in which I lhad been laying, I observied "my chum" coming full tilt in our direction. Before I could give uttterance to any expression, one of the station hands " Bluey Reddon" by name, hoarsely exclaimed - By Ghost here comes Harry riding like blazes and darn me if he has not got a keg of water with him!" "There must not be anything serious the matter" exclaimed Bluey who had jumped to his feet at Reddon's exclamation and was watching the rapidly approaching horseman, with an anxiety that was pitiable to behold,' or he would not wait to fill the keg" In another moment Harry reined up his panting horse alongside of us, and instantly dismounted, pulled the plug out of the keg and with a cheery ' Here you are lads, wet your whistles!" filled the pannicans with which he had the good sense to equip himself. 'Is everything safe?' asked Dan pushing aside the proffered water in his anxiety. " Yest everything is safe and snug," replied Harry, but how long it will remain so is a query. When you are ready he continued, mount and follow me. I have a plan by which I think we can save the station, and the fences enclosing the home paddock. We are soon mounted and speeding in the direction of the station. As we thunder along. Harry briefly describes his plan. The stampede of the stock as formerly stated, had left a hard beaten track alongside the fences. Harry intended to take advantage of this, and to set fire to the long grass that bordered its edge. On pulling up at the north corner of the home lpaddock we find the remainder of the station hands, old and young awaiting our arrival. Harry taking command divides us into two companies giving command of the minor one to Dan whose duty it is to protect the fence at right angles to the creek, whilst he himself takes command of the larger and lines up its members at a considerable distance apart along the fence running parallel to the creek. When all is ready " Billy Redden" and another chap Tom. mounted their horses and rode off in different directions along the track after having attached a long bundle of lighted bark to the end of their whips. The fiery tongues of flame seized with avidity upon the withered grass. In a moment dense volumes of smoke rose skywards, and added to the density of that already prevailing. The difficulty of beating out the flames bordering the track, is not very great. Dan's division having completed their task gallop to our assistance and it is not long before the home paddock is surrounded on the outsides by a broadening belt of blackened earth. The east side was bounded by the creek and is considerably safe. It is not long before the flames of the main fire, is considered safe. It is not long before the flames of the main fire, fanned by the gentle breeze, roll towards us with frightful rapidity, cracking, roaring and enveloping everything in their fiery embrace. The tall grass flares up for a second, pistol like reports follow and the flames continue their devastating career, leaving behind them a blackened and smoking earth. On rolls the fire now darting long tongues of flame among, the grass and ferns and wreathing the blasted trunks and branches of the forest gums in a sheet of flame. Glowing pieces of bark or wood are carried high into the heavens by the upward rush of heated air; here perhaps they are subjected to the effects of an upper current of air and are carried far from the place of ascent, falling at last to the ground and very often causing another fire which in a short time spreads and rolls onward before the breeze with a vigor equalling that of its originator. As the day advances the hopes of saving the station assumed a somewhat gloomy aspect. Scores of firey pieces of bark and wood fell on the inflammable roofs of the dwellings and sheds. Men were kept constantly going pouting water on their roofs and sides, whilst others mounted on horses dashed here and there in the paddock to the numerous outbreaks that were constantly occurring, and which if neglected and allowed to spread would soon render all our former labors useless. Wallabies, kangaroos, emus, dingoes, cattle, sheep and horses rush madly before the flames. Birds with gaping mouths, and half open wings perch on the trees or fly onward with a heavy labouring flight. Parrots with panic stricken cries fly about in all directions. Eagles once courageous soar high above the flames and swoop down on the smoking remains of some victim of the fires. Possums, or native bears fall singed and blinded from the trees in which they deemed themselves safe. Sometimes they may be seen scrambling down the trunk of an eucalyptus and seeking safety in flight, they, however are soon overtaken and in an instant transform as if by the touch of a magicians wand from a state of agility into a brown contorted seething mass. The kangaroos seek safety in some friendly waterhole or creek only to be killed by the falling branches of the trees. Squirrels and other animals take shelter in some of the numerous hollow trees. The fire, however, is not to be cheated of its prey; in a few minutes the 'dry shells' are roaring like a furnace and the unfortunate marsupials, either perish miserably in the tree or are precipitated to the ground where the same fate awaits them. Onward sweep the flames burning and destroying everything in their path. A warning crash from a mighty giant is the precursor of its downfall, tottering trembling and waving its branches vibrating at this rending of each woody support, as if unwilling to leave the airy heights in which it has so long swayed before the "lordly" tempest. Crack! crack! follows each in quick succession till at length with resounding crack and the splintering of wood which can be heard for chains, the mighty gum, the product of centuries of growth and the victor of a thousand tempests, begins its down ward career, crash, crash as it strikes against its charred and slender neighbor, another crash follows as the lighter tree is broken off near the ground and locked in the close embrace of of the cause of its misfortune together they fall to the earth sending up a cloud of ashes and sparks. The sun at length sits large and firey in the western horizon. Night rapidly settles o'er the scene, the haze renderlng it as dark as the blackened earth over which it presides. Away to the south and east the sinuous belts of moving flame proclaim that the fire is still burning. The long regular lines of fire leaping and surging skyward announce the fate that has overtaken the fences. The innumerable blazing logs, stumps and trees stand out prominently in the darkness. The crashing of the falling limbs and trees throughout the forest all night, and at intervals the following day and perhaps for a week afterwards, according to the time taken by the fire to burn their roots. Next day the results of the fire were plainly visible, charred remains of sheep, cattle, horses and other animals could be seen on every side. The long white regular lines on the ground dotted here and there with charred and smoking logs mark the spot where the log fences formerly stood. Not a blade of grass was to be seen, nothing but one dreary blackened waste. The majority of the sheep and cattle that had been saved by Dan, perished from starvation before the grass again reappeared. Harry and I remained with him till August. We then left and went to the rush at "Golden Point," where we made our pile. 