HIS OWN ACCUSER. BY HOUGHTON. TOWNLEY (A.nto of "ra:Ilodo.") (Published byr peoial Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd) OHAPTER IV.-(Conthinued.) '"What is the matter, Phil?' she asked,- anxiously gazing iito his hard set face and blood-shot eyes. 'The death of poor Eddioe has upset you terribly; you are not your old self again yet.' He flushed palpably at the mention of the name, and she saw it. * 'Surely, Phil,' she said, softly, 'you are not jealous-jealous of the dead ? I-I guessed he loved me, Phil, though I never told you. But I did Snot love him. -He was so wild and restless and reckless, and did bruel things, torturing harmless animals in sport-things such as would have made me hate him if I had become his wife. And the crudel way in which he made poor Mr. Markham's life a burden to him! And then-then he killed himself be cavse I loved you. Oh, Phil, it was ':orrible ! In a moment of disappoint ment, when oxcited by drink, he took away the life that God gave him!' How words can stab and out liko knives! 'I pity him from the bottom of my heart, but-somehow I cannot respect him. And I have just heard, Phil, of the awful suspicion his act cast upon you; and some people say that if the diary had not been found upon him you might have been accused of- of murdering him. How dwful that would have been !' The world seemed shaking beneath him. ' And suppose, little one, what the gossips said about me had been true,' he said, in a hollow voice, with the feeblest of forced smiles, 'and'I had, in a drunken frenzy, murdered my -best friend, could you have forgiven me, and loved me then? Just for curiosity, now-tell me !' ' Phil, why do you ask such an impossible question ? ' 'But tell me,' he repeated,"in tones the earnestness of which was only too real. 'Tell me, I want to know. I want to know what sort of love yours is.' ' I think,' she said, after a thought ful pause, 'I think I should-I should-' ' Well ?' he gasped, clutching her arm. 'Phil, don't-you are hurting me.' 'Tell me, what would love like yours do ?' he asked more gently. 'I think my love would die of hor ror and shame, and only pity would be left-pity to think that I had loved one who had fallen so low. Ugh i a -muderer! Phil, think of itI' she saidl, with a pretty little shudder. |But-if I wero the murderer-I, Phil, who hold you in my arms now would you cease to love .me ?' ' You a murderer ?' she said, with a smile, and dropping her head upon his shoulder. 'Oh, Phil, what nonsense! Let us talk of something pleasanter. When I rest my head upon your shoulder so, all the world seems peace ful, and there are no murderers in it, SAnd I fool that you are so good, and great, and strong, and I love nothing better in the world than to be with you, and always with you, ' They were leaning against the gate leading to the wood, he holding herin his arms, she with her head nestliing softly upon hie bread shoulder, Her eyes woro closed in sweet contentment while she listened to the breeze hum ming in the trees, She did not see that tears were filling his eyes, till one 'burning drop fell upon her cheek. She openod her eyes suddenly, and looked nat him startled and astonished. 'Phil- Ph]il dear Phil! tell .mo what is the matter.' She wound her arms lovingly about his nooeik, and looked tendorly up into. his faceao, her great love shining in her eloquent eyes, ' Phil, you aro unhappy, Teoll me, arid I will comfort you,' Should he toll her ? Shouldhe toll the truth, the whole truth, there and then, while her kisses wore still warmi upon his lips ? Should he toll her ? He could not doolecide, .He gazed earnestly and sadly uinto her faoo as he hold her, She ropeoted hoem' qiiostlon; but as he ganed.lnto th6e" otiuating eyes his eonsolouoet1di him that he must not mako&'hor a party in his guilty soorot .. He said in his heart, 'I am a murdereor; she must never, never kno iit I ' Paulineo's dog, tired of bolig ig. norod, endeavourod to maki his proe 'sonoe felt by leaping tip to Phil did ,barking vigorously. , 'Down, Bness,' downIL' ried Phil, glad of anything to divert the onovare 'stlon, 'eeoo, Paullno, Bos obeoots toamy taking so miaoh notio of you, Lot us walk on a littlo,'. . e alipped his 'arm through here, :and they panssod into tho wood,'dim. , with' twllight slridows'. , Neither spoke for a timo, avid even Doss trotted along silent and subdued, • Paullao had never known Phil like this.-.so gloomy, so reserved, His manner ,olhilleod and depresoed hoer, and, by degroees, she divined with womanly il;stlnet that some oloud had ldoaeondd' botwoon them, and thlngs wore no hlnger as they used to beo The chango was Incomprohnslble, SAs they poeoetrated dooper into the wood, 'losn growled otlrdtously~, and 'plungod into thu braulton, Proesoutli they lhuarld her' a little way of, htarlc. ileg vlgorously, then a. souttorlng, anud oraolicng of branches, as somabody in the thideltot made offl SWhat is it?' crelodt Pauline, ,in Alarm i'' oall her back, Phil,' * Poaohore, I expeoot,' said Phil, dashing into the bushoes 'the placeao swarms with them.' He was too late, the intruder had disappeared. ' Comeback, Phil!' cried Pauline, in terror; :' if they are poachers they miay shoot you.' Phil reluctantly returned, followed by Bess. ' Come away from the place, Phil,' pleaded timid Pauline, with soared face. 'I so hate the. thought of poachers and gamekeepers, and ,all peop!e who shoot and kill dlimb animals, and sometimes they shoot human beings and commit murder !' He allowed her to lead him out of the wood, but her words rang in his ears. How she would loathe him if she knew! He felt stifled. Ho wanted to get away-right away from all the world, where he could forget the horrible secret throbbing in his brain. Conscience, merciless conscience, was racking his soul. He tried to still the voice, but it whispered, '.Murderer! murderer! murderer!' beating time with his heart. Pauline talked to him cheerily, though she herself felt sad; she tried to raise his spirits, but he scarcely heard the words she uttered; the voice of conscience drowned even them with the ghastly taunt, ' Murderor ! What right have you to the love of a good and beautiful woman ?' They walked in silence side by side, as lovers do, Phil's thoughts on the past, hers on.the future. The recent death of Eddio Wilde and the soare in the wood had set her thoughts going in a nervous strain. Presently she drew her arm through Phil's, and looked up into his troubled face. 'Phil,' she said, softly, 'I want you to do me a great favour.' ' What is it, darling'P' 'I am afraid you will laugh at me, but-but you know what, a horror I have of shooting and killing ?' ' Yes,' he answered with a start. ' Well, I want you to promise me to give up shooting, and never touch a gun again !' 'WV why ?' he stammered. . 'It is only my fancy, and a very foolish one no doubt, but-but it seems so cruel, and so dangerous, and -and it is the only thing I have over asked you to give up for my sake. W.ill you do it, Phil ?' He was trembling and pale as he looked into her soft blue eyes. In his own there was a wild earnestness she could not understand. He raised his hat from his head, and looking heavenward, there and then took an oath. 'Yes, before my Maker,' he cried, ' I swear it-I will never touch a gun more-never ! so long as I live,.so help me God !' Then, overcome by the .tepest raging within him, he clasped her to his heart sobbing like a woman. 'Pauline, Pauline, you must bear with me ' he criod. ' You-you can not understand and-and I cannot explain.' * Phil, Phil, toll me what it is !' she cried; clinging to him in alarm. ' Tell me. WVhat have I said-what haveI done ?' 'I cannot tell you.' ' Tell me, Phil-tell me ,what I can do to comfort you.' "You' can .do nothing, Pauline. Leave metoe my wrotchedneses.' 'I cannot leave you so, Phil.' 'Yes, yes,' he said, mastering him self with an effort, 'better go.. It is getting dark. There is the high road again. Good- bye.' . Once more he kissed her, then turned and hurried away, leaving her astonished and hurt, gazing after him' with tear.bedimmed eyes until he dis-' appeared in the darlkness of the wood. She almost expected he would return, but she was disappointed. He had fled from her in so strange a mood., What could it moan ? OEA1PTER V. . TItl OU1N IN TflE WOOD-W1lOBEIs ITs -ANOTHIIR BIIOOTING ATTATR-A 'VOIO IN THIIE BTOi1[, Let us go' again into the wood to the point where tho watohful oollio had seoonted mieaohief. It is getting dark, Theo sini hlas sot and twiliht ists'areo seottling over tho folds, ?n tho wood it is darker still, but there is just light onough to distinguish the footpaths, Tlho haoel bushes hero and thoro stand out like giant goblins, while the little patches of light in between takeo upon thom elves the likeonoss of grey ghosts, Deeoop in the wood, whore no foot paths mark the way and the bracken covers all the ground, two men are cautiously moving one behind the other, making their way with diffi culty through the entangled bushes. The foremost is acting as guide to the second, in whose heavy, slouching figure it is easy to recognise Job Oas sidy. ' It's down 'ere or 'ereabouts, Job,' said the first man. 'I was just a-laying 'old of it by the barrel when a bloomin' great sheep dorg comes a snapping round my 'eels, and I cut it slippy.'. The man spoke with an accent that stamped him at once as hailing from Whitechapel. It was Oassidy's friend Nobson, the poacher, a light, spare man, slippery -as an eel and alert as a squirrel, with a merry twinklein his eye and a joke ever ready at the tip of his tongue. 'Are ye sure it's about 'ere ?' said Job, in a whisper, turning to the left. ' It was under a big bush with a little bush aside of it. Hist! what was that ?' Both men stopped and listened. 'Bain't nothing,' said the stolid Job, after a moment. ' The wind's a getting up, that's all. We shall have rain afore long.' ' It seems a bit lonesome here, don't it ?' said Nicky, peering into'the gloom of the wood. 'I feel nervous like as if keepers was about.' 'No fear of keepers,' gruntedJob. ' Ah! 'ere we are,' said Nilcky, sud denly st'opping before a bush and kicking away the bracken from the bottom; 'it's in 'ere.' 'Where ?' ;Here,' said Nicky, dropping on his knees. 'Strike a light.' Job struck a light, which fluttered iu the breeze and went out. 'All right; I see it,' said Nicky, diving his hand into the underwood; 'here it is,' and he drew out from its hiding-place a double-barrelled gun. 'Light another, and let's have a look at 'im.' Job lit another light, and kneeling beside his companion ran the light along. the gun, examining it from muzzle to atock. 'One trigger's cooked, Job. It's loaded; be keerful. It's a good 'un, ain't it ?' 'Beauty,' replied Job, laconically. Whose is it ? That's what I want to know,' said Nicky. 'It don't be long to no pals df ours.' 'No, that's no poacher's gun, Nicky. That's a gentleman's gun, one as cost a twenty-pun note, at least!' The light went out and left them in darkness again. ' Wot's it' mean, Job ?' whispered Nicky. 'I dunno.' 'I know, Job-it moans shootin'.' ' Of course it does;' any fool knows that. It's a gun, ain't' it ?' said Job, testily.' "But wot does that gen'leman want to 'ide it for, ch? I come upon it looking for a place to set a snare, and I was surprised so sudden by the dorg that I 'ad to bolt winking. Let's 'ave another look at it. Strike .an other light,' Again a light flickered unsteadily in the wind, which was rising rapidly and moaning mournfully through the lonely expanse of the wood, 'Hush l' cried Nicky, suddenly dashing the light out of his com panion's hand. 'Listen! I knew I '8eard summat. There was a lull in the wind, and for a while the rustling leaves were still. 'There's some one in the wood, I swear,' whispered Nicky. Both men listened again. 'There, don't you hear it ?' 'Better put it baok again,' whis pored Job; 'Listen I there, again I' 'Put it back,' said the timid Job; 'it gives me the creeps to see you a-listenin' when I dan't hear nothing. Put it baok. It wouldn't do for me or you to be found with a gun the likos o' that about us.' Nicky slipped the gun back under the hedge softly, andlistened again. ' Come away, Nicky, we-' 'Down, Job, down, whispered Nicky, lying down "almost flat on his fao and lulling Job down with him, 'Keeoop still. Catn't you hoar now ? on the other side of the bush,' (f' be oontinucd,) 