Wit Sktdter. TRE BLA.CK WATOH. TWENTY-TWO TEARS' EXPERIENCE IN THE 42SD BEGIMBNT. An Ex-Sergeant of the Corps, CHAPTSR V. By C. M. Archibald, The Race to Coomassik.—The Ashantees ASU THE 42nd. — Captcre of Coomassie bk "The Black Watch." — " Three Cheers fob. the Queen." — The Burning of Coomassie. — Back to the Coast. — Abrival at Portsmouth. — a Welcome Home. In the advance from Ordashu to Coomassie the same tactics were adopted as in the advanoe to Amoaful. We were instructed to move along the path between the two lines of Ashantees concealed in the brushwood, and after delivering our tire (from tbe shoulder) we were to move on immediately, but we were not to leave the path. We parad ed 340strong under our Lieutenan t- Colonel, and marched off through the gloomy forest headed by oaf pipers. " The other troops turned out to see us off, and though eOme may have envied us there were noue who grudged us the honour, for we had justified the confidence already placed in us. . Our advauoe was covered by Gifford's 8cout% and we were followed by Rait'a Houaeas with their " steel pens." The column was eommanded by Sir Archibald Alison. ' We had hardly left the village when the euemy opened fire, and we answered briskly. We had now forgotten the gloom of tbe morning, our blood was up, and we commenced cheering. The Ashantees, we afterwards learned,could not understand us. We not only did not fear them, as all their other foes had done, but we seemed to treat thein with the utmost indifference. We fired, we cheered, our musicians played ; numbers of our men dropped down wounded, but on we went all the same—firing, cheering, and playing. And the plucky Housbos, who had now developed into excellent soldiers, becoming infected by cur enthusiasm, served their guns and rockets with surprising promptness and accuracy, dealing destruction among the startled Ashantees. The enemy's fire gradually slackened, and in half an hour it oeased. We afterwards learned that, deeming resistance useless against such fearless and extraordinary foes, they broke their ranks and fled to CoomasBie. By a singular coinoidence we also started running to Coomassie. Some men of our leading company, finding the Ashantee fire Buddenly cease, cried "First man in Coomassie 1"and started off at tbe double, and soon the whole battalion was advancing at a brisk trot. In vain our officers tried to cheok us. They shouted that we would outdistance our supports, or we would fall into an ambuscade, but we did not pay tbe slightest attention. Our brigadier was appealed tc, but ha trotted along on his white mule, and seemed to treat the whole thing as capital fun. Like his old chief, Lord Clyde (who like himself was a Glasgow man), he knew the temperament of Highland soldiers, and he shared all bis old chief's admiration for the kilted regiments. He knew that, like the old Celts, we were impressionable "either up or down." He had seen our despondency in the morning; he saw now that "our blood waa up," and that there was no use in trying to stop U8. No doubt he shared tbe anxiety of oar regimental officers, but we knew he was trusting us, and this increased our confidence. By 2 o'olock we had taken possession of the only village that lay betweeu us aad CoomaBsie, but a river barred our progresa. We were preparing to cross when a flagof truce came m from King Coffee, and Sir Archibald ordered a halt, but he was not to be caught napping. He sent a message to the Commander-in- Chief :— "Support me with half the Rifles, and I enter Coomassie to-night." In half an hour the auswer came :— " Advance on Coomaasie." When the order was given to "fall in" we cheered again and again ; victory, wa were assured, was now in the hands of the "Black Watch." Off we set as before at a brisk trot, but there was no attempt to check us now. The best runner of the leading company was lithe young fellow named Adams, who headed the battalion all tha way to Coomcssie. He was " the first man in," and subsequently he was awarded the medal "for distinguished conduct iu the field." I have often thougat cf our behaviour that afternoon; wa were more like boys playing a game of "hounds and hares" than soldiers advancing on an enemy's stronghold. At length we cleared the forest, and found ourselves struggling through a marsh, but on we went, for on the top of the hill right before us lay the Ashantee capital. Kvery moment we expected tho enemy to op?n a heavy fire, but they gave not the slightest indication of their presence. Up the hill we ran, and almo=! before wa knew it we were in the main street of Coomassie. We saarched the streets and houses, but, save a few unresisting inhabitants, not an Ashantee was to be Tn s ,city was deserted. The Watch had parformed their allotted task, and the old red hackle" was triumphant in Coomassie. When Sir Garnet Wolseley arrived a couple of hours later (G p.m ) we ftnd reoeived him with cheers ringing He was proud of the 42nd, and after congratulating u*. and shaking hands with our officers, he took oii hi, helmet and shouted :— " Three cheers for the Queen 1" And right heartily did we respond, for the " Auld Forty-twa" is both a loyal and a royal regiment. Thoughts of thu Queen suggested thoughts of home, and we wondered what our friends and countrymen would say when neWB of our victory reaohed them. Of one thing wo were satisfied—we had maintained the reputation of the "Black Watch," and we had earned for the regiment the right to add " Ashantee" to the glorious list of viotoriea inscribed on the regimental colours. . , , The Vshautee capital was larger and more imposing than we had anticipated. Its area was four miles, and the population was estimated at 10,000. The houses were built in blocks and squares, some of them surrounded by bamboo palisodings, and they had a substantial appearance. The streets were broad and planted with trees ; the main street was one hundred The K?ng's palace was a large two-storied building, built partly of stone. The large tree from which the city derived its name ("Coomassie" means "the town under the tree") stood in the market pbce. and near it was a clump of trees called the spirit-house, or " habitation of ghosts," into which were thrown the bodies of the human victims offered in sacrifice to the Ashantee gods; the stench was abominable, and th eight of the ghaatly skeletons was sickening. , , We were so thoroughly tired after our day s work, having had almost no food, and not a drop of clean water to drink, not to speak of our want of sleep tbe previous night, that after a hasty supper (for the darkness fell quickly) we lay down to sleep m one of the public squares. . . . . . ., . But sleep was again denied us, for suddenly r we were aroused by alarms and loud cries of "The town is on fire." It was really a grand sight, but the suipioion of treachery and the expeofcation of an attack by the Ashantees gave us something else to think of. It transpired, however, that the Ashantees had nothing to do with tha burning of the city. Despite most stringent orders some of our native auxiliaries had been prowling about for plunder, and through carelessness or excitement tbey had Bet fire to several buildings in different parts of the city. Armed patrols oaught some of the scoundrels red-handed ; they were severely flogged, and one or two were hanged. When the first alarm passed over most of ns fell asleep, but the hard- worked engineers were kept busy all night pulling down buildings to isolate the fires. Our chief was very angry at the destruction of the city, for he had sent a message to King Coffee that tbe capital would not be destroyed if he sent in hia submission, and his answer had not been reoeived. Bat the work of extinguishing the fires waa accelerated in a way we little anticipated. About 2 o'clock in the morning of the 5th a heavy thunderstorm burst upon us, and for three hours the rain poured in torrents. Fortunately we were able to find shelter in some of the bouses. When the rain ceased we were ordered to prepare for a further advance. But the question soon arose, " Where are we to advance to?" Our spies oould gain no information as to the whereabouts of King Coffee, but they learned that his " invincible" army, deserted by its leaders, had disbanded itself and its members were scattered throughout the country. The power of the Ashantees was crushed ! After consulting with his principal officers our chief decided to destroy Coomassie and return with all speed to the ooast—a decision we all hailed with joy. The work of destroying the city was entrusted to the Royal Engineers, and the "Black Watch" was detailed to protect them, and aot as rear guard to the oolumn. Thus the 42nd were the first to enter and tbe last to leave Coomassie. The return to the coast waa at once commenced, the 23rd leading, followed by the Blue Jaokets and Marines, the remainder following at intervale. But the Engineers found their work more difficult than anticipated; they had to undermine the foundations of several large buildings, and this ocoupied so muoh time that it was late in the afternoon when we left CoomaeBie—or rather tbe ruins of it, for the Engineers set fire to it, and we left it in flames. The heavy rains had so flooded the oountry tbat when we got to tbe foot of theiiill we had to wade through tbe marsh knew deep, and when we got to the Dah, at 5o'olook, the river was so flooded that the Engineers' bridge, which we had crossed two days before, was two feet under water, and was now useless. The stream was five feet deep, and to cross ic an original method was adopted. We had all to strip and roll our clothing into a bundle, retaining only our helmets and rifles. swam or 'stood in the river, passing the bundles over their heads. We then walked aoroBs holding our rifles out of the water. We all got over safely, though some of the shorter men had rather a bad time of it. We had to dry and warm' ourselves aa best we coujd, putting on our uniforms, and after supper we rolled ourselves in our blankets, lay down on the damt> ground and tried to sleep. But the mercilesB rain again descended, and the morning found us damp and dismal. The hard work, the want of food and sleep, frequent drenchings, and the pestilential air were beginning to tell, and many of us were now showing symptoms of fever. During the march tbat morning many of us were so dead beat that we bad to fall out, unable to walk another etep; but, alas, the hospital litters had been sent in advance, and we had to sit by the roadside or lie on the damp ground till they were brought back from Amoaful. For myself I have a faint recollection of tumbling into a litter and finding myself some time later on an hospital table, with surgeons, bandages, and instruments about me. I bad been wounded at Amoaful, but I thought the injury was trifling, and did not report it, and now I was suffering for my mistake, and had had an attack of fever added. When I got to Oape Coast Castle I found tbe majority of the "Blaok Watch" were on board, and the transport ready to sail. Fortunately I was now convalescent, and as the hospBtal ship was crowded I was allowed to rejoin the regiment. I would not for a good deal have missed that voyage in the Sarmatian, and the joyous welcome that awaited tbe " Black Watch." How joyful and exhilarating it was, after the dreary gloom of the jungle, to behold the brilliant Bunshine, and inhale the invigorating breeze from the sea; how gladdening was the roar of the breakers after the death-like stillness of the forest. And with tbe consciousness of returning strength how thankful on6 felt thut he had been preserved from dangers while so many of his comrades had been cut off. And yet as we watched the receding shores of Africa, we thought of the comrades we were leaving behind, sick and suffering, too feeble to risk the voyage to England ; of the faithful soldiers whose bodies lay tn the silent depths of the forest; and when one remembered the dying message of a dead comrade, aud the little mementoes he was carrying to stricken mourners at home, gladness seemed out of place. Soldiers are not less tender-hearted than other men, but habits of discipline check doinocstrativenese. With muffled drums and slow steps and heavy hearts we follow a comrade to the grave, but when we leave the burial ground the baud, in accordance with the regulations of the service, strikes up a lively tune, and the dead comrade eeems to be forgotten ; yet we know there are wet eyes amongst us, and we are thinking more of the dead than of the attractive military spectacle we present to the looker-cm. The Sarmatian was under orders for Portsmoutha where we were to disembark, and reocc-jpy our former quart-erg in the Clarence Barracks. The good folks of Portsmouth had taken a great interest in the Ashantee War, especially in the 42ud, regarding whom (we afterwards learned) all the war correspondents had sent home laudatory accounts, and now we were looked upon as heroes; and, having been so long statioued among them, and being personally known to so many of them, they and the dockyard men regarded our return to their midst as "a home coming," and they determined to give us a right hearty weleome. But long before we reached Portsmouth we had many indications of the kindly demonstrations that awaited us, for the crews and passengers of every vessel we passed cheered us enthusiastically. We reached Portsmouth during the forenoon of Monday, March 23, but we did not disembark till 2 p.m. Our Ashantee uniforms were laid aside, and once more we donned our eearlet tunica, tartan trousers, glengarries, and white gaiters, with greatcoats, valiseB and oanteeus—our clheera in undress. While in the bustle of preparation we heard the strains of a military band playing a familiar quickstep, and we raised armzir.g cheer when we saw the featbwr bonnets ana the tartan plaids of our b.mdsmen as they marched down tbe jetty to welcome us. Two or three other reciments iu garrison also sent their bandB to "play us up, m token of their good feeling. The General officer commanding and hia staff, the Mayor and Corporation, aud many of tbe principal naval and military officers of the district were in the dookyard to welcome us. The General inspected us minutely, and every one had k word of praise for " the gallant Forty-Twa." The military shared with the townspeople in the general welcome, for they were our fellow soldiers, and our deeds reflected honour on tlie Brstish army. The ioad through the dockyard was lined bv a battalion of the 4th "King's Own, "while the street outside was lined by the lOQth " Royal Canadian" regiment. Throughout the whole route the streets were densely crowded, and the oheering was loud and continuous. It waa a triumphal march through gaily - decorated streets, under " triumphal arches," flags, and banners. _ It seemed like a dream, this sudden transition from the stillness of the African forest to the crowded streets of a busy English seaport, with thousands of our countrymen and oountrywomen oheering vigorously. And yet, when we got to tbe barracks and were dismissed to our respective quarters, there was a vague feeling of disappointment. 'Is this all? Must we now settle down to tbe humdrum of barrack life? Will people forget all we have done and suffered for them ? We have been heroes to-day; shall we be regarded as very ordinary beings to-morrow ? But people did not so soon forget all we had done and soffered in Ashantee. We were most kindly treated by the people of Portsmouth. and when any of us went on furlough all classes of people spoke to ns, asking US of our experiences, and all evincing the interest they had taken in the oampaiga and in the deeds of " the gallant High, R landers.' In this respect the Queen showed a good e example, for she bad all the Coomassie men (1,G00) down to Windsor the Monday after we landed, and reviewed ua in the Park. On Lord Gifford's breaBt ehe pinned the Victoria Croia. A like honour was intended for a sergeant of the 42nd (McGaw) but be was too ill to be present. A few weeks later about • dozes of the non-commissioned officers and men of the "Blaok Watch" were taken to Windsor, and were personally decorated by the Queen with medals for " distinguished oonduot in the field." Our Lieutenant-Colonel was knighted, and several offioers were promoted. Then we gradually settled down, waiting our turn fpr foreign service. 