DESCRIPTIVE MUSIC. One of the blessings Queensland loses in having no university is the light and leading which flow from the professorship of music. This may be seen from the following description by Professor Marshall Hall of his latest Idyll" : " The opening is full of a solemn awe, such as is experienced on some still summer night by one who lies on the white gleaming shore, and gazes far out over the noiseless, commensurate ocean, beyond whose dim verge mountains and valleys as if by enchantment uplift, ghost-like, dreams of another forgotten age, and other seas break there, upon other shores. And the lonely beauty of the star Shines out, round whom is silence and deep mystery and nature in all her grandeur, eternal and infinite, far removed from the pettinesS of human life, seems to chant her majestic hymn. In the midst of this calm, flowing melody, a note of pain makes itself heard. The air quivers and throbs, as though some new element had intruded. Suddenly all motion ceases; a love-motive sounds through the sustained mass of harmony ; a lithe, joyous figure bounds from the darkness. Again the atmosphere vibrates, as it were, with love, with joyous, ardent, youthful love, and another figure appears; the theme sounds again, doubled by the clarionet ; a figure of it is taken up by the violins, and rushes with a passionate crescendo into a wildly joyous outburst. A long, ever-varying love scene follows, growing quieter and quieter ; a tinge of sadness is felt. The lovers, too, sitting hand in hand, feel the solemn tranquillity of the night. The opening theme, coloured by trombones enters, as it were, a symbol of eternity, a warning note, a reminder of the transited ness of things earthly, of joy, of life, of love. The love themes seem to painfully combat it. but in vain ; it grows louder and louder, as they grow more and more vehement ; one mad outburst, like to a wild passionate parting, a silence, and the quiet mystery of night is again over all the stars shine out with ever-increasing brilliancy, the ocean murmur rises higher and higher, and, fused into the spirit of the scene, as if from some far distance, an echo of love is faintly heard, mingling with the mighty hymn of nature." [One would like to see the Professor take up a mayoral deadlock as his nest thorne. Ed, B. C] The latest snake story comes from Norfolk road. A resident there, Mr. John Hayes, had a canary, and the little songster trailed on the veranda in the customary case. Mrs. Hayes proceeded to take the cage indoors the other evening, and on lifting it down from the nail found that its weight had been considerably added to. An examination of the cage revealed the fact that the canary had disappeared, and that a carpet shake had taken possession. The snake, which was found afterwards to be of considerable size between 4ft. and 5ft. was coiled up inside the cage. The visitor naturally created excitement, and he was accorded a warm welcome. The cage was dropped in a corn sack, and the sack and its contents boiled thoroughly. A little girl about 9 years of age named Lily Crocombe was charged, before Mr. P. Pinnock, P.M., at the City Police Court on Saturday with being a neglected child. From the evidence of Constable May, stationed at Lutwyche, it appeared that he found the little girl near the railway gates at the Albion about half- past 10 at night on 20th March. On being asked what she was doing there alone she stated that she was afraid to go home as her father was drunk and used wicked words to her. A woman named Mrs. Fuller took charge of the child. The constable said he examined the child's home, and described it as "the dirtiest place he ever saw." The child was remanded till Thursday next for further evidence, Some very interesting experiments were made on the 10th February with M. Heal mains electric locomotive on the railway between Havre and Benzevillo (says the Paris correspondent of the Standard). The representative of the Temps, who was present in the electric train with many notabilities, says they travelled from Benzeville to Havre at the rate of eighty kilometres an hour, which is not more than that of the ordinary fast train. The return journey from Havre to Benzeville, notwithstanding a steep gradient which had to be climbed, was effected at the speed of one hundred kilometres (over sixty-two miles an hour. The directors and engineers of the company seemed thoroughly satisfied with the result of the experiments. Maqio CLSANsan Soap saves Uno and labours Usual 