VICTORIAN ITEMS. ? sas- The Age says, " The Tasmanian Cricket Association put a particularly strong com- binat on into the field, who were pitted against a fairly representative Victorian eleven. A bill is being prepared for the Government providing for legislation embodying the gist of the recommendations of the Royal Commission on Charities. It is probable this will be presented to Parliament early next session, and will be pushed through the Legislative Assembly as promptly as circumstances will allow. On Sunday, January 28. 1844, Canon Chase incumbent of St. John's Church, Melbourne, was ordained priest by Dr. Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, in the Norwich Cathedral, so that Sunday last was the 50th anniversary of that event Canon Chase arrived in the colony in the year 1849, and has been in succession incumbent of St James', St. Paul's, and St. John's, Melbourne. Special services were held at St. John's Church in recognition of the fact. Wheat has within the past few days been sold at 2s. 6d. per bushel in Melbourne the lowest price on record. The Argus says is' Our statement of this morning that wheat has been sold in Melbourne at the West a pound note per quarter (eight bushels) has excited much attention, and the opinion has been freely expressed that the Victorian farmers will do well to vary their cultivation. Wheat is all very well as the pioneers' crop, but it is not going to be the most remunerative, and a rotation will have to be sought' A scheme of considerable importance has been engaging the attention of the Commissioner, of Customs, having the double object of providing a good supply of fish for the market and opening up a profitable industry in deep-sea fishing in the Straits. It has occurred to him that men accustomed to boats and fishing might be put in the way of earning a living in this way with some help from the Government to give them a start. Mr. Baker has consulted the Premier, who agrees with him in the matter, and a scheme is now under Mr Baker's consideration, and will probably be adopted. The idea is to form a fishing settlement of say 15 picked men, who would be sent to the islands in the Straits with five boats, com- plements of nets and other appliances, tents and provisions for about three months. They would carry on their work under the supervision of Captain Anderson, Inspector of Fisheries, and would be placed on the islands by the Lady Loch. Arrangements would be made for their fish to be brought to market regularly twice a week. The fish would be old on account of the settlers, and the amount realised carried to ~ their credit, the settlement being charged the cost price of the plant. It is estimated that the expense would not be more than £300, and that the returns for the three months would be about double that sum. Mr. Duncan Gillies, the new Agent General, will leave for London by the P. and O. steamer Himalaya on February 10. The new arrangements for the control of the Agent - General's office are these:- Mr. Gillies is to displace Sir Andrew Clarke as Agent-General, not general agent, and he will be expected to be ornamental not useful, and to assume as much as possible the air of an ambassador so that we may hear that " still the wonder grew that one small head could carry all he knew." Professor Pear- son is to take up his bed and walk on June 30\. The chief clerk is to become the secretary, and there is to be a commercial man with him to do the rouseabout work in connection with our produces Seeing the extremely liberal character of the matrimonial advertisements which are published in the newspapers, setting out how clergymen may be obtained to the people in wedlock at any time of the day or night and in any surroundings, it seems a little hypercritical to object even to a publican performing the duties of a registrar in this connection. However, a complaint has been made to the Chief Secretary's department that an hotelkeeper, or, if not a publican, a person living at a publichouse, has been appointed a registrar of marriages at Bendigo, and if the charge can be substantiated, he is to be called upon to surrender his privileges. During the hearing of a case at the District Court on Thursday, Mr. Jordan, a well-known solicitor, rose, and stated that he had an application to make to the court, Mr. Keogh, P.M., chairman of the bench, objected to having the business interrupted, and ordered Mr. Jordan to sit down. The latter maintained that he had done nothing wrong, and as he refused to sit down, Mr. Keogh ordered the police take him into custody and remove him. Shortly afterwards Mrs Jordan was brought before the court, and on his refusing to apologise, he was fined £1, which was paid. A good joke is going the rounds at the expense of the Premier. Last week a young; journalist new to town and unfamiliar with the ways that are dark was sent by his leader to interview the Premier. He found Mr. Patterson, as usual in warm weather, seated in his departmental chamber, which used to be the ante-room, to his shirt sleeves and before him the customary bottle of whiskey, two syphons of soda, bottles of wine, beer, and so forth. The journalist eyed the temper soothe meditatively, and when he got outside he let off his oppressed feelings in one sentence. " Great Caesar's ghost," he exclaimed, "Call that the Premier's office ; why it's a free bar !" The A.N. A. /'sie took place on Friday at the Exhibition-building, and the spacious building and grounds were uncomfortably crowded. The weather was hot and oppres sivewith dust-storms' At the inquest on the body of Thomas When all, one of the Governor's orderlies, who shot himself on the Brighton beach, no reason was given why deceased should have committed suicide, and the jury returned a verdict of suicide whilst in a state of temporary insanity. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Metropolitan Gas Co. was held on Friday. A dividend of 6s. per share was declared, absorbing £51,432. leaving £095 to be carried forward. The chairman pointed out that there had been a reduction of 157,000,000ft. of gas sold last half-year as compared with the half-year ending 1892, representing a loss of £38,000. In 1892 the company lost £6,289 consumers, and in 1893 8,392 consumers, making a total loss of 14,681 accounts in two years. He stated that at the end of the present contract they hoped to get coal at 2s 6d. per ton less than they were now paying. Experience had taught them that the A.A. coal was not the cheapest for gas purposes. The Best and Purest Cocoa. -The Medical Annual says-The name 'Cadbury' on any packet of Cocoa is a guarantee of purity., The popular beverage for all seasons,. Ask your grocer for Jones's I.X.L. New Season . Jams, and you willand the quality superior to any jam that has yet been put on the Hobart market., A purgative medicine should possess tonic and curative, as well as cathartic, properties. Ttilscouiblnutionof ingredients may be found in Ayer's Pills. They strengthen and secure late the bowels, causing natural action. r , ,, rtvoauitta-tua the Xasn asm Jlaauav-*a.> fswoajpacf tasBoaM "ftotM»*-»p»taMaal on a cat «cotekrssh provides a -laaaiartsstlwwMaai Masaeaawk«. **ae»*»»^nta^'M««»'» naaa*aa»its»4l>»<WaaS days' late tss MNa letter Issue, sat as trustees ttaMaaaysrr.altha sea, MM is, a, Call skaaaMass«t s Britannia, wastes Estate, at, Bajsass»la»>A4sam. j IsMÉM, 