CHAPTER XXV. i ' Toa speak to him. Lorne/ said Mr. ' Hurlington. 4 This ia SD unexpected piece of good fortune ! I am deeply inter- ested in the black children of this southern land, but they always decline to be drawn 'into; conversation. I want to study your mode with them, I know it must b,- a better way than mine.' This man did not appear to be over reticent ; he drove his spear into the ground, abd leaning upon it heavily, said : « Hullo !' 'Hullo, Peter!' the sisters answered, smiling, and Charlie emitted an affable, ' Good day, my friend,' which made the black man regard him suspiciously. ' No wonder they decline to be drawn into conversation," laughed Rosamond. " If you overpower them with such ex- cessive politeness. Listen to us.' And she addressed the intruder again. ' You plenty hunt em 'possum, Peter P' 'Baal!'(no) came the reply like a grant. . Wallaby P' .Baal Wallaby!' . Carpet snake P' witta a little laugh. 'Baal snake!' ' Gooseberry P* she guessed again, and the blackfellow assented, shewing his wide teeth as he did so, in huge enjoyment of her catechising. The natives enjoy being questioned and arousing interest iu the breast of the white race. Lorne took up the refrain. ' We look ont gooseberry too, see here,1 and she opened their separate baskets. 'Coo-ra-a-a ! plenty gather em !' 'Yoi! plenty gather em. What foi Îou plenty gather em, too P Why you ne nut paddymelon with other blackfellowP' . Me mingy to day.' (Sick.) _ 'Mine think it, lazy to-day, Peter,' laughed Rosamond. ' Baal lazy ! Mingy here,' pointing to his knee. " Me nangary dimmen all day.' {Stay in camp all day.) ' Ah ! poor fellow Peter ! You corni round to bumpy bimeby, and me give you medicine to ruh it.' ' All-a-right.' ' The great art of getting on with then seems to lie in asking twenty questions t< the minute,' said Charlie. ' Fifty if you can crowd them in, answered Rosamond. ' But wait a bit, ii will soon be his turn.' Then ehe begai again : . Durrum-iurrura all gone, Peter P' Peter cast a glance all round the horizon It was an ideal early winter day, glitter ing, crisp and cold. . No more durram-durrum, bogt ever; day.*' (No more rain, sun every day.) s . Ah, that's geed ! Budgery felloe begi ! Keep the ball rolling. Lorne," sh added. * My stock of small talk is ex haosted.' . Let the ball lie,' smiled Lorne. ' I is time he had au innings, don't yoi think P* Peter thought so too, for he soon began ' Where Be-ung P' (Where father). ' Yan Wandaroo.' ' What name yarraman that fellow ridi emP' (What horse is he riding P) .RufuB.' . When that fellow come back P' ' Bimeby, when moon rise.' Peter shifted his position and pointée hie thumb at Mr. Hartington. ' What name that white fellow P' 'Name Charlie!' said Rosamonc demurely. 'Where that fellow's dimmen P (Houne.) 'Faraway.' England.' . England P Oh ! Be-ung nangar there P' .- Yes.' 'Wid-ungtooF (Mother too P) 'Wid-ung too¡'laughed Rosamond ' Ah!' a longer pause, and then . fyha Charlie look out bore P* !' Rosamond began to dimple, but on look at her lover's astonished face piad her laugh outright« ' 'Charlie yabber all the time that fellot look out mel' -, Lorne remained firm in her determine tum not) to be persuaded into learinj Marara, when Roaamgn/l " ehonjd see' another home. Charlie exhausted all his éloquence ii trying to induce her to consent, pleadin that he could not prevail upon Rosatnon to ntsrryliim, if i>y|doing so, Lorne woul be left alone. 'It is all nonsense, you know/ an Lorne smiled, ' Who eyer heard of euc a poor reason ter putting'eff£ marriage It is very sweet of Rosamond to conside me, but it is not quite fair to you ! I wi speak to her, and oenvince her that bet is a mistaken, or misplaced sacrifice,* ' That night when Rosamond was i bed Lorne slipped from her own coud and knelt at her sister's aide. 'I want to speak seriously to yoi Rouie.' The elder girl opened her eyes with start, and saw Lorne, looking like tb ghost of some saint, kneeling in a pate of «lear moonlight. *1 did not hear voa coming, deaf ooma in besldo meant! tel) me whit it fa it's too bitterly cold for anything on the floor.' 'No, I am not cold, Rezzie. I shall; not ba long. I only want to tell yea that yon must marry poor Charlie without further delay.' . ' But Lome, you know I--' ' I know you are the best sister in the world, darling-a thousand times better than I deserve to have ; but you will make me very uuhappy if you remain single out of consideration for me.' 'So you mean that you do not care whether I go or not P That you will not miss meP' asked Rosamond, with a strange sense of impotence and losa, as she leoked at the sad young face. Lome laid her hand on ber sister's forehead, aud sank Uer fingers caressingly in the yellow hair. 'Listen, Rosamond! I don't know whether I can make you understand or not ; but I will try.' ' Speak, Lorne. I-I am not very dall es a rule. What has upset you P' ' I want to tell you everything, but I am afraid I shall hurt you, Rozzie, you who are so good and patient !' ' Ibu contd not hurt me, darling V ' Thetis right, I want you to think that ! I am a little bit adrift just now, Rozzio. I don't want te speak about it more than I can help, never perhaps after to night ! In the first weeks of my «rief, your sweet sympathy was the greatest blessing anyone could bestow on me ; it saved me from, well, never mind ! I did not go mad, nor am I likely to, now ! But you remember that day, years ago, when you fell on the rocks, and hurt your arm so badly P Ton allowed me, for days, to bathe and dress it, and then, afterwards, it grew so sore that no one but yourself dared touch it. I feel something like that now. 1 love you, Rosamond. I hope you will never doubt that ; but this pain of mine is like a wound that is probed and made to bleed af resh, by every gentle word sud pitying look. That is why I cannot go withiyou, Rosamond. My loue^-ok God1 --myîdve was a kind of shame, though I thought it a gift from ou high, and it hurts me to know anyone - even you, my dear remembers it, as you do, as your pitying face shows, «very time you look at me jr 'Is that why you shrink from father whenever he tries to be kind P* Lorne's face grew warm for'a moment and her fingers Witched. 'He does try to be kind, I know !' she murmured. 'Oh, I wwii he would not 1 His love would have been so much te rae, {rears ago when I needed it, when I wss onely. Now it hurts me more thea ever -his harshness did !' 'Poor father, he does not mean to hurt you, Lorne !*| "..^_-_ * Oh, I know that, and that is the worsF thing about it ! The very worst thing is that he is gentle and tries to make np to me, to atone ! And Rozzie, I am not good, nor dutiful, as he seems to, think. I nave given up the desire of my- life ; not because it is right or because he wished it, bnt because I owe it to myself, and he is trying to pay a debt he does not owe ! I did not do it for him, nor because it is right; I did it only because my'soul revolted ! But lie cannot atone f Rosa mend, you, by waiting here, cannot do any good ! I want you to marry Charlie, and go away, and you will write very often to me, darling, and tell me what you think and do,only never mention the past! If you do this you may help me to forget : a thing your staying here could never do !' * Go back to bed, Lorne, you are shak- ing with cold !' * I ara shaking, I know, Rozeie ; bnt it is not from cold, it is only because I am nervous and very much in earnest ; very much indeed, and I cannot go until you promise me.' * Oh, yon poor little thing, perhaps you are right. At any rate I see I was wrong. I thought myself indispensable, and you are wishing to be rid ot mei^^Pnere, there, dear, lam a wretch to wound you like that! Ido understand you, Lorne, and yon must get back to bed at once, for I will tell Charlie the first thing in the morning he may have me whenever be likes!' (To be continued.) 