IRISIH PATIlES. Ghosts and goblins still live and rule in the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in remote places, but close even to big cities. It is down West ward anmong the deep bays and mountain valleys of Sligo that I have heard the best tales and found the most ardent belief. There, many a peasant dreams of growing rich by finding a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter tremubles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men and women carried offil, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, Ibecause it was rumouredl that the fai ries had takesn her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold hier from them, but at last they prevailed, and hie found no thing in his hand but a broomstick. The local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted a lhouse-to-honse search, and at the same time atldvised the people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the field sihe vanished from, because bscalauns are sacred to the fairies. Tlhey spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the whilb. In the miorning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last shite saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being car ried off was drifting down it-such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamourr - in a oockleshell. Brides and new-born children are especially in danger. Peasant nmothers. too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returnitng, and if they do not escape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodare, and when sihe came home after seven years she had nio toes-she had danced them off.-lr. B. 'eats, irn te .eicsure fossr. 