A SCHEME THAT WORKED. Br W. J. Lamptos. Fred Burgess was a young fellow of 21, and, after the fashion of youngsters of that number of years, desperately in lore. The yonng woman who had led him captive was four years his junior : pretty, popular, and poor, and jnst coqnettish enough to keep Freddie on the ragged edge most oF the time—a not unusual characteristic of young women under similar conditions. In addition to this, he had no idea that the girl loved him, or, rather, permitted him to love her, because his father was very rich aud had promised Fred a handsome sum on his wedding day. To a girl fond of society as Harriet was, Fred knew that money was an object, and, while he was ready to fnrnish the money to a wife, he did not wish to furnish the money for a wife—a nice distinction that some men with money sometimes orerloolc. Fred's father was a handsome widower of 4.r>, and was moro elder brother than father to a hoy, and their comradeship and community of interests were the subjects of many pleasantries among their friends. “ How about the girl, Fred 7” asked the father one day, as they sat in the library. “ Which girl 7” smiled Fred. “The bust one, of course.” “ Yon mean Harriet ?” Fred's face grew longer. “Well, pop,” he said familiarly, “ I don’t kno* exactly, and I don’t like to say what I think.” “ Ont with it, my boy,” urged the ftther; “ between ns we ought to be a match for any woman alive,” “ I don’t want you to be * match for this one,” ventured Fred, shyly. Mr. Burgess bowed his acknowledg “ Permit me to say eqnal to any woman,” he smiled. “ Granted,” said Fred : “ and I think we ars ; but yon can’t ’most always 'aometimes tell." The father indicted some surprise. “ She isn’t going to fly the track, is she ?” he asked. “ Ho, not that ; she’s going to stay on and make the race, but I’m afraid it’s entirely for the purse that’s np.” “ 0, ho,” laughed the father ; “she’s making a shy at the shekels, 13 she ?’’ “Ho, pop,” protested Fred: ‘‘I wouldn’t say that; only I’m afraid she might ne.” Mr. Burgess become thoughtful and Fred was silent for some time. “ Frederick, my chicken,” said he after a while, lying his hand on the yonng man’s shoulder, “ I have a scheme; a great scheme and he tapped his dome of thought with much personal pride. “ Where did you get it, papa 7 ’ asked Fred banteringly ; “ import it 7” “ Ho, my son ; I manufactured it right here at horns.” again tapping his forehead. “How you sit down and let me tell you about it.” “ Wait till I brace myself, in order to resist the shock,” said Fred, seating himself deep down in a ;big easy chair. “ Let her go, pop, I’m ready,” and pop thereupon proceeded to let her go. Three months later Mr. Bnrge3s and Fred were in the library of the Burgess mansion once more, Fred having re turned only that day from a visit to some frienis in England. “ Well, Father Burgess,” he said, with unusual impatience, “ how did the echeme work 7" “ My boy, my hoy,” groaned Mr. B. lagnbrionsly, “ I’m not in it Eixty seconds.” “ Wouldn’t it work 7” asked Fred in a disappointed tone. “ Let me tell the harrowing tale,” and Mr. Bnrgess fixed himself comfortably. “ A month after yon left, in my coy and diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet one day on the street if I couldn't walk home with her. She wa3 jnst too sweet for anything,”—Fred winced—“ ani said it would charm her beyond ox pression. So I walked along with her, talking about you and other yonng men. Miss Harriet was enraptured to hear what I said of you and of the other young men, and then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. Then I was charmed, and when we reached her home she invited me to call with such a winning grace that I couldn’t resist it, and accepted the invitation in my very best style.” Fred got np and tramped around the library awhile. “ Confound the women,” he said. “ Did yon go 7” “ Didn’t I go 7” responded the father with a semi-whoop, “ Well, I should say I did, and until four days ago I didn’t give one of those other yonngsters a ghost of a chance at any thing. By the way, Fred,” he added regretfully, “ it cost3 like the mischief to court a girl right these days, doesn’t it ? I had no idea it was such an ex pensive luxury.” Fred writhed in his chair. “ Go on,” he said almost sternly, “ Oh, I did go on,” laughed the father, “ and she encouraged me, too, and. by Jove, young fellow, I became so interested I couldn’t stop going on.” Fred looked at his father in amaze ment If this thing continued he felt that something disagreeable would happen to him, but he said nothing. “ Well,” resumed Mr. Bnrgess, four days ago, at 8 p. m,, I called, for the four dozenth time, and my mind was made np to have that girl in the family, even if I had to prove myself a traitor to do it." Fred almost forgot himself, bat he zeroised all his powers of restraint, 1 1 1 J J “ Said I,” continued Mr. Burgess, after I had beaten around the .motional bush for half an hour, ‘ Miss Hirriet, you hare become very near ana ..bar to me.’ “ 1 Yes ?’ she smiled, 1 I’m so glad.1 “ ‘ Thank you,’ said I, ‘ and now, without further preliminaries, I want , ou to be my wife.’ ” Fred stood' up straight and looked iown fiercely on his father. “ Yes,” said that gentleman, as if Fred were enjoying it, “ those are the exact words I used on that interesting occasion, an! I used others and kept on using them, but she only shook her pretty head. ‘“Just think,’ said I, coaxing my very best, ‘how nice it would be for you to be Fred’s stepmother.’ ‘“Now, Mr. Burgess,’ said she in response to this argument, and she smiled in a way that made me want to grab her, ‘ don’t you think it would be ever so much nicer for me to be Fred s wife ?’ ” Fred laughed hysterically and kicked an unoffending ottoman elecr over the table. “ ‘ No, I don’t,’ said I, trying to take her h ind. “ ‘ Well, I do,’ said she, dropping her smile and getting firm in the face, ‘ and that is where we differ to an extent that you,- with all your money and good looks and palavaring and experience cannot hope to change in a million years. If there is any other relation to your family that I would prefer, above being Fred’s wife, it might be to be your stepmother just long enough to give you the spanking you deserve, for trying to persuade me to be disloyal o Fred, while he is absent and cannot -•<' what is going on, so ho could put a si p to it. Good evening, Mr. Burge. . and with these unkind remarks to yo... devoted and loving old father, my boy, your dear Harriet flouted out of the room and left mo sitting there feeling like an idiot, four stories tall and as big around as a barn.” Fred jumped up and throw his arms around bis father’s neck. “ Pop, ol i boy,” he exclaimed joyfully. you’re a trump.” “ \re3, my boy, I know it,” sighed Mr. Burgess, “ but you’ve taken the trick, and I’m going to deduct from your wedding present what it cost me to court that girl while you were away, and I wish you would tell her so with my compliments.” 