THE PHILOSOPHY OF GHOSTS. A sad trngody once happoned in our quiob village. A poor woman drowned herself. and hor baby in a tiny- stream that runs through tho furtherend of the village. Before long somo were to bo found who had "heard toll as how "there was "summab" to be seen evory night at a certain hour. So- and-so hnd "seed " it. " Now, exactly opposite to the eoene of the tragedy there stood a picturesque old cottage, with a well-kept garden in front of it, in which cottage lived an old lady of the name of Mrs. Dodd, Now, Mrs. Dodd felt injured at the talk of the villi g i. : Sho, li veu opposite tho haunted stream, and if imyone'suw " it," she ought to. But in spite of sitting up, and looking cut of the window at all hours of the night, she saw nothing more alarming than tlio wiiito rails of the ruetio bridge and the stuntbd bushes at tho Water's edge. ' And so ehe came to tlie conclusion that there was " nought to bo s'oon." "Ghosts!" the old lady would say in scorn, " I don't hold wi' om. If so be ns that 'ere womnn hev a-gone to' the good place, 'tain'b likely as how she be wishful to a-waddto In that 'ore old dltcli"— and then, with a solouin voioo and a shake of her bony, finger, she would add, "and If slie'vo n-gone to the t' other , she'll be hep1 there." — Itoni/min's. Askkri " Didn't your wifo inherit some thing from her mother!" . Stuckley: "Yes, a good deal." Asker: "What was the nature of it?" Stuckley: "Mostly temper." Jink's: " What is your definition of a 'gentleman t" Binks : "That he ceases to be one when he must be defined." ' - Myrtylia: How can I be aura that you really love me ? . ' " Harry : By watching this evening and noticing' how all theotliergirlswant'to flirt' with me. Opening a Negotiation. — A dootor In tho Turriff district was one day going Ids rounds when ho met a vendor of herring, .and that commodity boing rather scarce at the time fn question, the dootor addressed the fishmonger thus : " Well, John, whnt's the price of -herring to-day?" "Oh," replied John, " they're. snxpenoe bhedizzen, but I'll gioye ana to the bargain if you'll gang ronn'nudeeo iny Wife, Wt ell$ 6 DUO Ivory ... - i 