Bungawalbin Public School Pionio and Concert. On Friday, 13th instant, the first Arbor Day in connection with the local Public School took place, the day's doings con sisting of tree planting, a picnic, and a children's conceit i4 the school building in the evening. ''A number of useful and br iiamoncai trees were planted in the play ground by the residents, which, in tho near future, will be a great boon to the scholars during the summer months. very animated appearance, games -of var ious kiuds being in full swing, and indulged in by young and old, whetting the appetites of those partaking in them for the substan tial and dainty repast which was served shortly after 12 o'clock. The catering foil to the lot of the ladies, who deserve groat credit for the quantity, quality, and variety of food, and also for the way in which it was distributed, the wants of each and all being speedily and fully attended to. Dinner being over, the racing ground formed the great centre of attraction. The various events were well contested, and suitable prizes awarded, every child attending the school receiving at least one prize. The prizes were classified for each event, the winner having first choice and the others choosing the remaining prizes in the order in which they passed the winning post. A great ueai ot excitement ana amusement was afforded by the young men's race, the first prize for which was a small china doll, being won by Mr. J. Clark, second prize, a tie, by Mr. H. Robinson. These prizes were given by two local young ladies. The next event was the old men's race. Seven started but only four finished. Mr. Bale won the prize — a beautiful candlestick— which also was presented by tho ladies. It is to be hoped the gentlemen will take a lesson from this, and supply a few prizes for ladies' races at the next picnic. About 5 o'clock the hampers were again opened, and their contents considerably lessened. When all were satisfied a general clearance took place, which brought the picnic to a close. The weather was all that could be desired, and added greatly to the enjoy ment. The concert was commenced at about 7.30 p.m., and the following programme gone through: — Overture, duet, 'Chil- peric,' by Mi's, and Miss O'Sullivan. The open chorus, ' Village choristers,' by the pupils, was well received by the audience. Dialogue, ' Woolsley and Cromwell,' by Masters W. Robinson and Alf. Pursey. The comic duet, 'Folly and fashion,' by Miss M. Kirkland and Master C. Stewart, received a well-deserved encore which was responded to. A recitation, ' The clever idiot,' by Miss L. Broadrick was given in a clear decisive tone. 'Parson and clerk,' by Master E. Clark, in character, took very well indeed. The next item, a song and chorus, ' Let your tears kiss the flowers on my grave,' by the pupils, was sung with great correctness. The next, a recitation, ' Two in a bed,' by Master J. Newby, the title of which caused much laughter, but the recitation itself was not of the nature the audience expected. Miss R. Patch sang 'Put me in my little bed ' very nicely, and was assisted in the chorus by. the rest of the pupils. Miss E. Nowby took the part excellently of 'Mrs. Caudle ' in lecturing poor old ' Caudle ' for lending a friend the family umbrella. The first part was concluded by the song 'The awful little scrub,' sung in .character by Master Alf. Pursey, the patched, tattered, and soiled clothes, hands and face of the scrub bringing forth repeated peals of laughter from the audience, especially when a back view was obtained. After an interval of five minutes the sec ond part was opened by Mm. O'Sullivan playing a pianoforte solo, ' Der Rheinfall.' The girls next sang 'Jiiiinita' in a very gentle strain. The duet, 'The bold gen darmes,' performed in character by Masters C. and A. Clark, Alf. Pursey and C. Stew art, fairly brought down the house. The first encore was responded to, but the audience vigorously called for a second, which, however was not answered. Your correspondent is of opinion that the aud ience would have appreciated the duet half a dozen times over, so iauitiess were tne uniforms and marching. 'Strangers yet' was next sung by Miss L. Broadrick. Master E. Clark next performed a few feats in heavy-weight lifting, which surprised some and deceived more of the audience, as the two 5011) weights together would not weigh more than a quarter of a pound. The duet ' Hearts and homes ' was sweetly rendered by the pupils. The 'Floral march ' by the girls received a round of applause, the movements being graceful and effective. Master W. Robinson next recited ' Nose and eyes.' Miss M. Kirk land sang in character ' Bother the men ' in such style that tho applause received was deafening, and could only be stopped by tho young lady responding to the encore. Judging from the style in which the girls sang 'Rock-a-bye baby,' with dolls in their arms, they should make excellent nurses, as the most restless baby could not but be soothed to sleep by the gentle sway ing and soft voices in the lullaby portions The next item was ' Only an ivy leaf,' by Miss R. Patch, who. acquitted herself very creditably for one so small. ' The maypole dance,' by Misses M. Kirkland, A. Olive, K. Slieppereon, E. Birmingham, L. Broad rick and Masters F. Krauss, E. Clark, W. Robinson, D. Kunkler, and Alf. Pursey brought the second part of the programme to a close. Many of the audience had not seen the maypole performed before, and weve thoroughly delighted with it. Mr. O'Sullivan, the school teacher, now gave a satisfactory account of the money entrusted to him for the purchase of the necessaries for the picnic. After an interval of ten minutes the piano forte duet 'The shepherd's evening song ' was given by Mrs. and Miss O'Sullivan. The farce, 'Ghost in the pawnshop,' was next produced, and tho characters were as follows : Grabb, Master F. Krauss ; Joe (clerk), Master D. Kunkler ; Pete (stable boy), Master E. Clark. This was very amusing, and when a list of the articles supposed to have been pawned at tho local shop was read out, peal upon peal of laughter burst from tho audience. The National Anthem terminated the proceed ings. When this had been sung the audience remained in the room, and Mr. O'Sullivan was called for. When that gentleman ap peared Mr. L. Robinson made a short speech, speaking in eulogistic terms of our worthy teacher, and thanked him and his wife on behalf of those present for the fair, impartial and perfect manner in which the day's arrangements had been carried out, and for the splendid entertainment they had just heard, which reflected great credit on the children, and especially those who had the training of them for their various parts. A vote of thanks was carried with acclamation. Mr. O'Sullivan briefly responded for Mrs. O'Sullivan and himself, and bade the audience 'Good night,' bringing to an end one of the most enjoyable outings and pleasant entertainments that the residents have evor had, satisfaction boing universal. I trust it will not bo long beforo a similar' treat is forthcoming. — Communicated. 