[?] [?] [?] \- |n the . WeeklyT/mMs7: en5h tewwe $ \jqms t- [?] 1/ ' jf Author of "The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zulu- j land," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through the Zulu Country: Its Battlefields and its People," etc. PROLOGUE. "Just consider ! You would _eoon get to hate me. I should be the rain of you." Thus the owner of the bright, sparkling face which was turned, half- mockingly, half ruefully, upon that of her companion. Look- ing out killmgly from under the broad- brimmed bat, the dark lustrous eyes seemed to melt into his. 44 How can you say such a thing ?" was the reply, in the deep; half tremulous tone of a man who is in dead earnest. 44 How can you say such a thing?" he repeated involun- tarily, driving a spur into his horse s flank with a dig that made that spirited animal onrvet and prance beneath the restraining curb. 44 Oh, take care ! you are making my home restive. And I am such a bad rider, as you know." And the lithe, graceful figure in the well-fitting habit was thrown into the relief involved by a real physical effort. 44 How can I say so ?" she went on. 44 How can I say eo ? Why, it is only candid on my part. Do yon seriously think a butterfly like me is cut out for a life , on the High Veldt ?" - - - - - The man's bronzed1 features faded to a. ghastly paleness. He Averted his head for gome moments, as though with a wild . in-- fctinctive idea 6f breaking the SpeU that was upon him. Overhead towered the stately cone of a great mountain, 'soaring aloft in the summer haze. Around, in nndulating sweep, the buth-clad slopes shut in the tortuous, stony road. Birds piped and called to one another in the lustrous sunlight, and the rich sensuous air was alive with the drowsy boom of bees, and the metallic plash of the river in its rooky bed beneath. 44 There are other 'and pleasanfcer. places in this country than the High Veldt," he said at last, bat in the tone of an advccite plead ing a hopeless cause, and that cause his own. 4 But, even then," she rejoined, her voice softening as though in compunction over the final stab she was about to inflict, 44 even then— no one is less qualified to make you happy, than I am, believe me. Why, you a 9 11_ .viaoo T nm .QrlmPtimPfl T auu b retuijr »HUW mcoo »" — think I hardly know myself." 44 You do yourself injustice," he said. "Give me tic opportunity of proving it." A ..curious passing spasm — a kind .of a stormy look — shot across the beautiful face. ".You are too generous," she replied vehemently, " " and far too good to be made miserable for life by such a little wretch as I am. Better, fir, feel a little sorry now than that." " - , 4 ' And you are underrating yonrstlt. But I will not hurry you. Take time ; but oh, my darling, don't -tell me that what you said just now is your final answer." 4 ' I must teH you that very thing. It cuts me to the heart to give you pain ; and that is more than Ihave been able to say before to any man living. But — there are reasons if you only knew. There. Forget that I ever said that. But I know that with you, any thing I may say is as safe as deathitself." This time he made no reply. For one brief instant their eyes met, and in that instant he understood her; understood, too, that her first answer was final. Net he was goodly to look upon, this man with his splendid physique, and refined, noble "countenance. Many a feminine heart, we trow, would have beat- quicker — bufc with vivid joy — at such words as he bad addressed to his present compbnicn. Many a pair of eyeB would have brightened gladscmely into a quick love-light. Many another would have desired no hotter pro ecfct r and stay until her life's end than this man now riding fcv the side of her who had rejected him. " To propose on horseback is the very worst place a man can choose wherein to propose,, says someone or other, by reason of both the proposer and proposes being in a measure sub ject to the precarious whims of one or a pair of wholly unreliable quadrupeds. He who now rode there had either never heard that salutary axiom or had forgotten it for the occasion ; bat now he was made to feel its forc9 by a male voice, some little distance ahead, hallooing : 44 Now, you two good people, spur up, or we shall never get there to-night !" And a bend in the road brought into view other horsemen — other 44 habits" — stationary, and obviously and prevokingly awaiting the arrival of the two laggards. And the equestrians, now merged into one group, rode on their way in the golden eun- light of that lovely afternoon, rejoicing in the exquisite glories of the wild and romantic mountain road. But, in the prevailing mirth, one among them bore no part, for he carried within his breast the dead burden of a sore and aching heart. CHAPTER I.— ' Thibst-i.and. The heat was terrible. ' Terrible, even for the parched, burning steppes of the High Veldt, whose b iked and crumbling surface lay gasping in cracks and fissures beneath the blazing fierceness of the African sun. Terrible for the stock, en feebled and emaciated after months of bare subsistence on such miserable wiry blades of shrivelled grass as it could manage to pick up, and on the burnt and withered Karroo bashes. Doubly terrible for those to whom the wretched animals, all skin and bone, and dying off like flies, represented nothing more nor less than the means of livelihood itself. Far away to the sky-line on every side; far as the eye could travel, stretched the dead, weary surface of the plain. Not a tree, not a bash to break the level. On the one hand a low range of fiat topped hills floated,- mirage- like, in mid-air, so distant that a day s journey, would hardly seem to bring you any nearer ; on the other, nothing — nothing but plain and 3ky, nothing but the hard red earth, shimmering like a furnace in the in tolerable afternoon heat; nothing hut a frightful desert, wherein, apparently, no human being could live—— not even the ape like bushman or wild Koranna. Yet, 'there stands a house. A house thoroughly in. keeping with its surroundings. A low one-storyed building, with a thatched io;>f and walls of sun-baked briok. Just a plain parallelogram; no at tempt at ornamentation, nc verandah, not even a "Bfcoep." .:No trace of a garden either, for in this horrible desert of drought and aridity nothing will grow. Hard by stand: the square stone kraals for' the stock, and a little further on, where the level of the plain sinks into a slight depression, is an artificial dam, its liquid store at present reduced to a small patch of red and tnrgld water lying in the middle of a surrounding margin of dry flaky mud, baked into a criss-cross pattern of cracks, like a huge mosaic. Oh a low, stony kopje, a few hundred yards distant from this uninviting homestead, sics its owner. Nobody bat a Boer oould dwell in such a place, would be the first thought succeeding that of wonder that any white man could be found to iuhabit it at all. But a glance would suffice to sbow that he now sitting there is not a member of that dogged and pachydermatous race. The face is a fine— even a noble — one, whose features the bronzed and weather-worn results of a hard life have failed to roughen. A broad, lofty brow and-, pensive dark eyes stamp their owner as a man of intellect and thought, while the peculiar carve of the well-formed nostrils betokens a sensitive and self-contained nature. Tne lower half of the face is hidden by a dark silky beard and moustache. One brown, sinewy hand grasps a geolo gist's hammer, with which it chips away list lessly at the ground. But, although the action is now purely mechanioal, it is not always so, as we shall 6ee if we use our story-teller's privilege and dip into his inner thoughts. Briefly rendered, they run in this wise : 44 Oh, this awful drought ! When is it THE LOCUSTS WERE COMING. € ' ' going to end ? Not that it much matters, either way now, for there's hardly a sound hoof left on the place ; , and j even if a good rain did come, it would only finish off the whole fever -stricken lot. Well, I'll have to clear out, that's one consolation. I've held on as long as any man could, and now I'll just have to go," - His gaze wanders over the arid plain . Far away through the shimmer it rests on a multi tude of white specks— a flock of Angora goats, striving in desperation to pick up what miserable subsistence it may . 44 There"s nothing to be done with the place— noihine," he muses, bringing his hammer down upon a boulder with a despair ing whack. " It won't sell even for an old song — no one will so much as touch land now, ror will they for a long time to come, and there isn't a 4 stone' on the whole farm,, for I've dag and fossicked in every likely plaoe, and unlikely one, too. No; I'll slut up shop and get away. Tte few miserable brutes left are not worth looking after — not worth their brand ziek (scab-effected) skins. Yet I'll have one more Bearoh, one more crazy ' fool's errand, after the 4 Valley of the Eye,' before I trek. This'll make the fifth— but, no matter. One may as well make an asB of oneself five times as -four. I can't exaotly believe old Grenway took all that trouble to. dictate an infernal lie on his death-bed ; and, if his yarn's true, I'm a rioh man for life— if I can only find the plaoe, that is," he adds, bitterly. 44 And I've had four shies at it. Well, perhaps the fifth is going to be lucky." With which consoling reflection the thinker " Diamond," in digger parlance. rises from his stony resting-place, revealing as he does so a tall, straight figure, admiiv ably proportioned. Suddenly he starts, and a sallow paleness comes over the bronzed, handsome features. For he is conscious of a strange giddiness. A mist seems to float before his eyes, shutting out completely the glare of the burning veldt. 'Neyer that cursed up-country fever again? ' lie murmurs, to himself, in real alarm. And for the latter there is reason — reason in the abnormal and unhealthy heat of the terrible drought — reason iu his utter iso!ation, the vast distance between himself and a fellow countryman — let alone such oonsider- tions as medical aid. R- covering himself with an effort, he strolls on towards the hcuse. There is no sign of life about the place as he approaches, unless a couple of miserable, fever-strioken sheep, panting and wheezing in the shade of the kraal wall, constitute such. But, dead and tomb-like as it looks outside, there is some thing refreshing in the coolness of the inns? room as he enters. A rough table-cloth is laid, and a knife and fork. The walls art papered with pictures from illustrated prints( and are hnng with swinging shelves contain- iag a goodly number of hooks cf all sorts, A few chairs and a couch, . the latter muct the worse for wear, constitute the furniture , and, on the whole, what with pipes, straj bits of saddlery, and miscellaneous odds and ends of every description, the place is aboui as untidy as the average bachelor abode is apt to be within the pale of civilisation, lei alone away on the High Veldt. The floor ie . of hardened clay, and there is no ceiling — nothing between the inmate of the room and the bare and ragged thatch, one drawback to which arrangement being that a fine, lively tarantula will occasionally drop down upon the head or shoulder of the said inmate. A call of 44 Kaatia Dinner brine" ia snnfi \- — — — — — productive of that meal, iu so far as thg remnant of a half -starved and wholly unnutritious chicken, dressed up with so in sipid an ingredient as some plain boiled rioe, can be said to constitute dinner. It is pro ductive, simultaneously, of an extraordinary specimen of humanity. A creature of mahogany hue and parch ment hide, the latter hanging in flaps around her perspiring and scantitj -attired person. A creature of the hideosity of one of Banyan's fiends — a frightful gtin, horn-like ears, and a woolly skull — waddling on the abnormal hi p-de velopment of the native Bushman or Koranna. A nice sort of being lo bring in one's dinner, not .of itself over- inviting ! Bat one gets used to queer things on the High Veldt, and this hideous and repulsive object ib only a harmless Koranna woman, and according to her . lights a good old soul enough ;. and she officiates as cook and general factotum to this rough and ready household of one. The swarming flies buzz around. The windows are black with them ; the table is black with them ; the air is thick with them. In they sail through open windows and opea doors, fresh from the fetid stew-pans of the kitoben ; fresh from the acrid, pungent dust of the goat kraals ; fresh from the latest garbage, which they have been sharing with carrion bird 4, in the villt. They light on the diner's head, crawl about his face, crowd over plates and dishes and table-cloth — mix them selves up with the food, drown themselves in the drink. Everywhere flies. The South African housefly is identical with the British — but he Is a far greater pest. He is more aggressive, and he brings to b :ar upon his victims the solid weight of numbers. Go where you will, yon canrot shake him off. If yon fit up a waggon, and drive into the far interior, there also will the common fly be with you—and with you in swarms. Renshaw Fanning looks disgusted'y at his uninviting meal, and plays with it rather than eats.- Then he pushes back his chair. He has no appetite. Again he Beefes the opan a'r. A restless mood is upon him, and broiling, sliding as the heat is outside he cannet remain in the house. Suddenly a winged obj.cfc appears fluttering in the sunlight. A quick ex clamation escapes him, as he shades his eyes to watch, it. 44 Ha, of course 1 The last straw ! Locusts. Here, they come, by Jove! thicker and thicker to put the fin i thing touch on what the drought has begun. By this time to morrow there won't be a blade of grass left -on the place, nor a hoof, either." He stands watching the flying insects. Barely five minutes after the discovery of the first one, the air is thick with them. They seem to spring out of nowhere. Thicker and thicker, they come, .their gauzy wings flutter ing in the sunlight, blundering into the spectator's face, colliding with the walls, falling to the oroimd. It is an ill wind that blows nobodyjsrood. A few starved fowls at the back of the house perk up into new life as they rush forth to fill their emaciated car cases with 'this unlooked- for and abundant dainty. Bat the watcher withdraws indoors again, as if to shut out all sight and sound of these new and fatal intruders, and, as he does so he is conscious of terrible shooting pains in his limbs. J Though of Irish parentage on pne sldo, - ' Renshaw Fanning is South African born. His tife,80 far--andhe isnow thirfive-f- been a liardone. Fefj bdwd, a?? .wilder, rougher phases ofSouth Afn<aa l|b of which tie iuu nolbwi nwe oe \- %ice. Ho bas fixmad tmd haB riddtrafia-" port (carriage of goods by waggon) Jib has pirated and traded in the ftp interior, -he has ' been a ireaeure-eeeker, and Waa alsofoughx in the border warfare which now" and then breaks out between the Colonists and =their a ivage neighbors. But profitable as some of these avocations frequently are, somehow Or other Benshaw Fanning has never seemed to make a success of anything, and this is mainly owing to the extraordinary unselfish ness of the man. He will divest himself of his last shilling to help a friend in need, or even a mere acquaintance — indeed, he owes the possession of his arid and uninviting desert farm to this very failing, In that he has been forced to accept it in satisfaction of a bad debt which would otherwise completely have ruined him. As a matter of course, his friends and acquaintances voce him a fool, but deep down In their hearts lies a mine of respect for the only thoroughly unselfish man they have ever known ; and even the unscru pulous ones who have traded upon and profited by Ins failing did so with compunc tion. But with all his soft-heartedness and sen sitive and retiring temperament, none who know ln'm have ever for a moment mistaken Benshaw Fanning for a mufi. No cooler brain exists, no steadier hand or keener eye n times of danger or dangerous sport — whether at a critical moment, at the mercy of some treacherously disposed barbarian tribe iu the far interior, or with finger on trigger awaiting the lightning-like charge of ft wounded and infuriated lion. Or on treasure- seeking enterprise, when physical obstacles, combined with failure of water and scarcity of provisions to render advance or retreat a work of almost superhuman difficulty, the post of hardship and privation was that which he unobtrusively assumed; and, in deed, there are men still living who, but for this, would long since have left their bones in the desert — occupants of unknown graves. No, assuredly none who know .him can ever mistake Benshaw Fanning for a muff. Such is the man whom we see, solitary, de pressed, and in breaking health, contempla ting, on his desert farm, the approach of ruin —which ruin all efforts on his part are power less to avert. CHAPTER II. — A Friend in Need. Down, down to the far horizon sinks the westering sun, the malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for he is within an hour of his rest. Yet the earth still gives forth its shimmering heat, and on every side the red surface of the parched -up plain assumes a hue of blood be neath the golden glow of sunset, whioh, con trasted with the vivid blue of the heavens, is productive of a strangely weird and uneari hly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toil somely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed, suffering terribly from want of water, as well as from a lack of nutri tious food, can hardly drag its limbs along, and more than once has the rider endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walking. But who can indulge iu protracted exercise under such difficulties? Consequently, the horseman, though of fine and powerful build, is nearly as fagged and used up as his unfortunate steed. Now and again a flying locust raps him in the faceaB he rides. " What an infernal country !" he exclaims aloud, wiping his dripping forehead. " Nearly sunset ; no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop of water in this howling desert. By Jove, the situation is getting serious," he adds, in a tone bordering on alarm. His alarm is not without reason. Since quitting last night's camp beside a neatly dry waterhole, containing a noisome mixture, and that of the consistency fef a pea-sonp, he has found no traoe of the indispensable fluid. And he is lost. A worn-out horse under him, foodless, waterless, in the midst of an apparently interminable desert, he has every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con cerned. He is a fine, tall, Veil set-up man, this stranger, No partiality could define him as handsome. His features have no regularity, and his light bine eyes are a trifle too small and deep set; but there is a certain power about his countenance, whose square, resolute jaw, tbe short, fair pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache can only half hide. Though his face aud hands are burnt red brown, there is a subtle something whioh tolls at a glance he is not colonial born, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his toavelling dress prematurely worn by rough .sage, and of the serviceable valise which is trapped in front of his saddle. A stony kopje, tbe only eminence for five miles around, rise3 before the traveller. This he has been using as a landmark, and i hrough its agency steering in a straight iine. It, too, having readied, he now ascends and immediately there escapes him a pretty forcible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, breaking the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house — a home- etead. It is still three or four miles distant, though, apparently nearer. But the horse has espied it as soon as his rider, and prick- ng forward his ears, he picks up his head and steps out with something of an approach 10 briskness. The first elaticn — at the certainty of find- ing necessaries such as food and drink— over, the traveller's thoughts torn to considera tions of comfort. After all, the welcome i-aven is, in all probability, a mere rough Boer homestead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a » lace wherein comfort is an unknown lantity. And at such a prospect, hungry, tirsty, thoroughly wearied as he is, his ,>:rits drOop But his musings are interrupted in a sufficiently startling manner, by nothing js than the " whiz" of a bullet un- \- Vasantly close to his head,-1 simultaneously v. ith the " bang" of the piece whence it was '..charged. Looking up, he finds that he has ap- 1 a ached within a few hundred yards of the :< znestead. In the doorway of the same t ads a tall man, clad in a shirt and trousers, vi'h agon In his hand, from which be is ex- tracting the still smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet sings past his ear, this time ; first, while the report xings opt upon the evening air. - . fe®l c- oeedingly uaqpnifbrtable is to express little. Hereheis, aperfeotly peaceable, unoffendine person ; aboofcto seek the ..much-needed hospitality bfhyonder do mi cile ,a nd suddenly , and without an iota of provocation, its owner proceeds to make a target of him in the most oold-blooded fashion. True, he has heard that many of the up-country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. Bat this open and unpro voked "act of watf" surpasses anything he may have been led to expect.' " Here, hallo ! You, sir ! "What are you blazing away at me for ?" he sings out, his tone betraying a degree of anger which prudence 'should have induced him to sup press. His hand instinctively goes to the revolver slung round him in a holster under his coat. But of what use is a six-shooter against en enemy many hundred yards distant, and armed with a rifle ? Therefore, it is with considerable relief that he beholds his unex pected adversary ground his piece, stare at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. The feeling is but transitory, however, as it occurs to him that the fellow has pro bably gone in to get more cartridges, and that any, moment he may find himself once more raked, by the enemy's fire. He judges it prudent to try the effect of a parley be fore venturing any nearer. "Hi! Hallo, friend!" he shouts, "just drop that target practice, will you? There isn't an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothing but a poor traveller lost in tbe veldt, and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D'you understand?" Then it strikes him that if the inhos pitable householder is, as he expects, a Boer, he will probably not understand. "What is to be done?" exclaims the wayfarer, in sheer despair. " Well, here goes. May as well be shot as starve in the veldt ; and perhaps the fellow's only playing the fool — trying what I'm made of — aud, if I were only within fifty or even a hundred yards of him, the ' trying wouldn't be all on one side." Thus musing, he continues his advance upon the homestead, walking his horse and whistling in an attempt to appear thoroughly unooncerned, although in point of actual fact he feels pretty much as the Six Hundred must havA doiiA on mceint of the historic and idiotic order. But no more leaden greetings reach him, nor does the enemy appear. All is Bilent as the grave as he rides up to the house. The front door stands wide open, exactly as the shooter had left it on retiring there from. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The place might have bean uninhabited. Just thsu the sun, which all this time has gradually been sinking, and has already touched the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom which falls upon the tenement just as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at the door, he raps it, somewhat impatiently, v?ith the handle of his whip. No answer. Cautiously, and with hand on his pistol, he - enters. There is no passage ; the door opens straight into the eittingroom. At the sight which meets his eyes he starts, and in voluntarily falls back. In a corner oi the room stands a tali figure. Leaning with one Bhoulder against the wall, its eyes are fixed npon the intrnder, great hollow eyes, which seem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanced by its framing "of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise-motionless, both hands and lips are working Rightly, bat no sound escapes the latter. 'The wayfarer, though not by-any means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of something horribly uncanny about this ghostlike fignre, so silent and ; immovable, glowering at him in the shades of the fast- gathering twilight. But- at the same- time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this," but — a madman. For a moment both' stand staring at each other. Then the strange-looking figure speaks. " Welcome, friend — welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have yon brought any locusts with you ? Lots of them — swarms, to eat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I say? Aha — fine things, .locusts! Don't know how we should get on without them. Grand things for this country ! Fine country this ! Green as an emerald. Emeralds! no, diamonds.. But there isn't a stone' on the place, dewil a stone.' " " Locnsts ! Emeralds ! Diamonds !" echoes the stranger in amazement. " Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump — clean off it ! What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for the matter of that ? ' . " Not a 1 stone' on the plaee !" goes on the speaker, in a mournful tone. " I've fossicked high and low, and there isn't one — not one. Ah, but -the V alley of the Eye 1 Come, friend. We will start at once. You shall make your fortune. Dirk! Dirk!" fee shouts, passing the wondering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koran na, clad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished pen ning a nock of Angora goats in one pf the kraals, comes running up at the summons. At sight of his master his parchment visage assumes a look of deep concern. " Die Baas is reegte ziek!" (the master is properly ill) he says, turning to the stranger. " I should rather think he was," assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's meaning. "Stones, locnsts, Valley of the Eye ! Pho ! The sooner we get him to bed . the better. " I say, old man," he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on the shoulder of his unconscious host, " You're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off." The other looks at him vacantly, and seems to oomprehend. He suffers himself to be led into the inner room quite docilely, and there and then to be assisted into bed. Once there, however, the blood rushes to his .face, aud ho beginB raving horribly, though his violence finds expression in speech rather than in action. (TO BB CONTINUED. __ 