NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES \- Dir. Rudyard Kipling, in bis Last Rhyme of True Thomasr which appears, in To-day% leaves the sea .for a while and sings of the glorious privileges of the pobt. Ho evidently view.i with little favor tho granting of mere mundane titles to literary men. He take as his text a paisago from a daily paper complaining of the injustice dono to litorature in tbat it» leaders are not even knighted, whilo prominent savants, lawyers, artists and engineers win ennoblement by tho Crown. The King of Scotland seeks True -Thomas, tho DIfnstrel,. to dub bim "a beltod knight, And all for the songs he made." Tho old harper spurns the honor : — " And what «bould I do wi' blazon and belt— Wi' keep and hold And seizin and fee— Anrl what nhnuld I do wi' pago aud squire Tbat aru a King in my own countrie 7 " For I send East and I Bend West, And I nend far u my will may flee, By dawn and dunk and tbo drinking rain, And syne my Sendings rofarn to me. " They como wi' news o' the groanin' earth, They come wi' news o' the ronrln sea, W word o' Spirit and Ghost and Flesh, And Man, 'that Is betweon the Three." Then, after humbling the King, True Thomas makes for him tbo "triple song," until tho king is a child in hig hands. Tho ballad ends thus finely j— " Sloop yo or wako," True Thomas said, That alt so ntill, that muse so long, . Sleep ye or wake — till the sleep o death I trow yo'U not forget my song. "I hfi' harpit ye down to the iionge.i o' bo!) And up to tho throne o G od most hie ; I ha' dsrkonorl yourBoul wi'.tho Luito' Blood, And— ye— wod— make— a Knfght o'me 1" It Is told In aParis journal that when Velpeau, the colebrated French surgeon, was at the zenith of his fame, a very rich and very aristooratlo nobloman presented himself at the hospital in order to obtain an opinion regarding his ease, .which was found to require careful treatment, and a del ion te operation. Before dsoiding to entrust himielf to the hands of the great sur geon, the prospective patient', inquired what would be the amount of the honorarium. "I shall require 4000 f.," replied Volpeau. Upon this the .marquis looked very blank, hesitated for a moment, and then bowed- himself out Eight or ten days later a footman in livery, with carefully shaven face and powdered hair, pre anted himself at the out-patient depart ment of the Charite, His . malady was duly diagnosed, and being considered , sufficiently Boriout and interesting, the man was admitted into the surgical ward. Ah long as tiie case was under treatment .Velpeau did not utter & word, , but when the patient was cured and wished to leave the hospital tho operator approached the bed, surrounded by his clasn, and said :r-"Sir, I am extremely flattered at having had the honor of contributing to the amelioration of. your, health. Them now remains only a small formality for you to fulfil. You will be good enough, in return for my services, to pay 10,000 f, to the local charitable fund." The spurious laokey grow white as a uheet. "You will pay tho money or not, as may seem best to you, "continued Velpeau calmly, " but unless you do so the whole of Paris shall know by to-morrow that the Mar quis of X. usurped the place of a pauper in a charitable institution." The poor marquis had no option but to "stunip up." The following extraordinary statement has been widely published in a recent budget of news from South Africa : — "In accordance with the new regulation at Johannosburg, fully 200 Kaffirs have already reooived 10 lashes eaoh for being found walking on the pavements This speaks eloquently .enough for itself, but a Johannesburg papor puts the matter in an even worse light Describing the punishment, tbe report states that " tho oat ia dipped in a bucket of Bait and water," and after the 10 lashes have been administered #,a pannikin of salt and water " ia thrown over the victim's back. On the occasion dealt with by :the reporter one warder was "sufficiently dexterous to lay the whole of his ten blows on a strip of flesh diagonal from the shoulder to the lowest rib. Blood came at the third blow as a rule, and by the end of the tenth there seemed a 3 inoh band of raw meat across tho back." It is added that tbe regulation, for the contraven tion of whioh suoh awful punishment was in-- fiicted, had only been in force a .fow. days, And that possibly not half tiie Kaffirs on the Rand wero aware of it. English paporo fay tho lost' "'mail contain elaborate obituary notices of tho Hungarian patriot, Louis Kossuth. The Times tells tho story of how DIetternich embroiled Kossuth with his partner in the Pesth Gazette "Kos suth had been making money out of tho Hirlap , so that aftor a couple of years' editorship he had been able to. buy an estate of 30,000 florins value near Grin, But tho proprietor of Hirlap was a portly mao, with pushing wife and daughters, who wanted to got into Viennese society, and an invitation to a court ball, with the promise of some more substantial Government favors, seem to have got the better of his Liberal principles. A dispute., was started with Kossuth on a question of salury. The ponderous man was ' sarcastic, and taunted his editor withdrawing too, muoh monoy. Kossuth, who was lean", oholerio and always terribly in earnest, raged away like a straw fire, and ended by flinging his resignation into the bookseller's face, vowing that he would bring out a new paper and kill tho Hirlap,. But ho forgot that before found ing a nowspaper ho must get n licenco from Government, The Hirlap happened to bo the only iudonondent journal in the kingdom, and It was tolorated because DIctternieh held that Liberalism ought to have at least one vent When Kossuth applied for leavo to 'start a new journal, the' Minister had tho audaioity to pro pose that Kossuth should accept a Stato- sub vention and write on tho Austrian side." The need for extreme caution in acanning the applications for presentations at levdus and drawingrooras was Illustrated many years ago in a sonsationnl fashion. Tho late Lord Chief Baron Pollock, being present to pay his respects to his sovereign, spotted on the stairs at St, James's Palaoea "ticket-of-lcave" man arrayed in full court costume. His lordship had a remark able memory for faces, and he remembered that he had sentenced tho courtier to penal servitude for some great offence. Having stared at the pretender, and satisfied himself of tho identity, the old judge stopped round to tho Lord Cham borlaiu's office and made known the impudent adventuror. Inquiries showed that, through inadvertenoo on the part of the late Duke of Wellington, as commandant of a volunteer : regiment, he had been induced to present tho convict, who was enrolled as an officer ' Need less to say that the scare was great, and tbe pre sentation was duly cancelled. Here Is a new means of prompting the virtues of temperanoeand ratepaying. Tho local autho rities of a small town in Saxony havo forbidden all persons who have not paid their rates to fre quent public houses or inns, and they will punish anyone who supplies these bold defaulters with drink. Why not extend the principle? Young men who have not paid thoir tailor might bo prevented from entering clubs and certain restaurants ; revolting daughters who have overlooked their tobacconist's account might be forbidden music halls ; elderly ladies who have forgotten the poor milliner might bo made to abstain from balls, parties and nil fes tivities where their presence' is proper bat not popular; directors who have negleoted their duty towards their shareholders might be compelled not to go abroad. Tho remarkable aotion of oil upon waves Is well known. This phenomena led the officers of the steamship Scandia, of Hamburg, to make an experiment upon the same principle tbat was very sucoosaful, and that appears to us worthy of mention. During its last Atip to the United States tho vessel, while in mid ocean, was attacked by a very heavy storm. It then occurred to the ofiioers to dissolve a large quan tity of soap in tubs of water. Having thus obtained several hundred gallons of soap suds in a very short time, thoy threw it overboard in front of the ship The effect was almost instantaneous, and tho vessel soon began to navigate without difficulty. Her offioers. at once addressed a long report to tbo Hydro- graphic Bureau of the United States. Soap suds is muoh cheaper than oil, and a relatively large quantity of noap can be o&rried; without eucroaching too much upon tho space set apart for passengers and merohandiso. 