Theatrical Topics. "Go-Bang," a now musiaal and foroioal comody, by Messrs. Adrian Ross and Osmond Cany was woll receivod on its first performanco ' at tbo Trafalgar Thoatro, London, on Marelt'- 17. Tlio run on tlio Drury Lone pantomime,,' " Robinson Orusoo," was brought to a claso 011 March 17,'niid in tlio course of . a spcooh ac knowledging tho presentation' of a service of plate, .Sir -Augustus Harrta announced that for next season, lio"". proposed to offer tlie fairy tals . of " Aladdin."' . ' In. thb programme of an- entertainment given rooontly, Bays tlio Oloie, ivo .read that "Miss - Cissy Loftiis will givo soino of her- inimitable imitations." In viow, however, of tho fuob thut Miss Letty Lind has succeeded in imitating Miss'.Loftus's imitations of lierselTtho epithet is hardly admissible. The only thing left, as tt contemporary remarks, is ' for Miss Loftns to . - ; retort by hnitating Miss Letty Lind's imitation . of Miss Loftus's imitation of Miss Letty Lind. : "With Miss Sylvia Grey rotirod and Mass Lind. seriously ill, a special , interest (says a London paper) attaches to tho rbturn of Miss Carrie Cooto to h'urlcsquo nnd "skirt dancing, iu "Jaunty Jano Shore," at tho Strand. Her last appearances in this capacity wero with Mr 1 Arthur Roberts, at tho Avenuo. Although, scarcely more than 25, Miss Cooto has been 20 years 011 the stage, and has played tor soveral years in force in tho. States. Sho was seen lately for 11 short whilo- at tho Opora Comiquo, in "Uncle's Ghost." . Mr. Irving gnvo the farowoll Now York per formanco of his present American tour ou Saturday, March 10, ploying " Sbylook " to un audience which packoil tho theatre to its utmost limit. Ho was then to go to Boston for ono week's return engagement, and sail for England on March 21. Tito closing two wooks in Now York, liko his tonr in. other eities, were phenomenally successful, tho receipts sur passing all theatrical records for cither native or foreign aotors. Mr. Irving's announcement 111 a brief farewell speech thut ho would return to America iu tho autumn of 1896 was received . with prolonged cliooriug.; . Tlio Gaiety girls (writes tho London corre spondent of tho SydAoy Daily Telegraph under date March 16) appear to be awfully fond of Australia and Australians. Nollie Forren is novor tired of sounding tlie praises of tho uutipodcaiis, and tho junior members of -tho Gaiety Company are 110 less urdent in their admiration of colonial porsonages und colonial socnes. This week wo havo had Miss Floi'enco Levey, oiioo tlie principal dancer of the Gaiety Thoatro, hut now a bright and shining star iu tho more . protitablo .firmament of tho inusio hulls, indulging in suoh Austra lian retninisconcos as theso -: " I um . absolutely dovoted to ourcolonios, and I should dearly like to visit Australia again, tho people wore all so vory kind to mo there. 1 I um an excellent suilor, and thoroughly enjoy a long sou, trip.". . Two cxcollent instances of the peculiarity of ait theatrical things have been supplied by tlie London neweiiapors. . Tho. first is a story ol' success. "Charley's Aunt" is not au epoch-marking work. It would not, as Mr. Jeromo says', elevate a cow! And yot . tlie " finimoinlgoiitlomau " who trusted " Charley's Aunt," to tlio extent of £1,000 hus been re warded by that eecentrio ludy with £20,000 iu less tlmn a year. She hus provided Mr. Pen- - ley with a fortune. Miss bheridan, who intro duced "Oliarloy's Aunt" to tho financial gentleman, has boon uivardod by Hor Majesty's judges soniothing over £1,000 for her trouble, nnd. oven the author is milking a little. ' ' Oliai'loy 's Aiint " .is a pattern to all maiden . mints. Tlio second instance is one of failure. / A frank advertisement in tho Daily Telegraph states thnt Miss Annio Roso spent £07q in pro ducing " A Gauhtlot." Tho takings upon tlie tliroe first nights amounted to £33. , And then Miss JloMi wisely i-efnsed to i'Uit luu "Gaimtlot" any nioro. Signor R. Squarise, wlio last year so success- ; fully produced Rossiid's musto'rpiece, "Tho Barber of Sevillo," intends to stago tills year a now opera oomiquo ontitled "Fnbian," tho musio of whioli is entirely composed by himself. Tho ability of -Signor Squarise as a composer stands high in tlio publio estimation, und it ivill. bo sufo to predict that tho opinions thus held of him will 111 110 wise bo ''lessened by tiiis his latest effort. Tlio music throughout the work is bright and sparkling. Tho opening .chorus, tlio fiuule, and tho throe prinoipal choruses of -. tho second act cmbraco muoh folicitous writing nnd are altogether vory offootivo, whilo the different numbers are likewise happily con ceived. In tho ;flrst as well a's. in tho second aot Signor Sqnuriso lius intrbdncod a now plmso of -comic operatic writing — namely, a subdued and melodious accompaniment "to the , dialogues. Tho opora, which comprises . 18 numbers in all; is now practically finished. For tho- opening chorus -besides the orchestra thero will he u "military bond" of about 20 playors 011 tho stago— another novol feature of tho now opera. - . - That exoollent Australian aotoiy so well and 1 favourably known to Sydney uudionbes, Mr. Herbert Flomming, hus (writes tho!,' London . eorrespoiidont of the Syduqy Daily Telegraph) a -. capital part iii Mr.. Sutton Vano's new' Adolplil dramu, "Tbo Cotton King," whioh was pro- : . duued with "signal success on March 10. .Mr, Flcmniing plnysl a Jewish monoy- londer ' in . ) tiiis ' iiiciodramqtio -'piacc. ' witli reniarkablo "force, fidelity, and convincing! realism. Tlio !:' Chief itf tho London" dramutio ' critics, Mi-. Olomciit Scott, -singles 'him- out for special-'-", commendation. " Only those who imdorstahtl noting," says Mr. ,8oott, " will know how Mr. . Herbert Flamming assisted soono after secuu by, his atrcngtli and decision. -.Over lind - over again tho. aotora leaned on him, and ho supported- them;" Mr. Charles ' AYarhor, .another old Australian' ' favourite,. - plays tlio h'ore iu his well known- 'brebzy, manly, style, and,' whon ho sniftohes - Miss !- T'orry -from tlio jaws- of -death,1' tho' rafters. / rjiisr .with' tumultuous applause;' .. Mr. J.- ' V ' Williamson, wl)o is uow'in Loiidon, :is'' uiiaoi- : stood to liiivo Bdourod " Tbo Cotton,. King'.',, for - : Sydney and Molboui'ijie, ; : Tho; small : boy'a parents had: takoh, liimito ; ! tho opera. Tho prima doniuv iuid just boh-'/ .eluded a 'olossio aria, and wheat''" tlio applause ' liud Subsided, tho yoiin'gster was: heaid - to Hay ':: fffPaw ! " " AVhut is it, my-. boy ? " "Did '. that ' -woman liolior 'cause : - sho : !whs; hurt, or 'pauso sho was having a good timo?,"'. ' 