CAPrAiH JOHN MNTOSH, COMMANDER. of the mmwh A COlNClDKNCli. [By 'Aramib.'] What are called colncldcnccs really rep resent the rare exceptions in which some previous remark, forecast, or circumstance j derives importance from after events. If : the subs.qucut verification were not forth- ] comiug, the matter would not be noticed, i In nine hundred and ninety-nine caBes out ' of a thousand they arc not so verified, lu ; the thousandth instance the law of chance establishes a nevus between the two events, and straightway attention iseiire'eted to 'the strange coincidence.'. Still, there is no doubt that coincidences, whether they be the exccplions testifying to a common rule or not, have n spccial fascination for humanity gene rally, and for this reason I present the fol'o.ving : — I ha.1 the honor and pleasure of counting the late Captain John M'lntosb, j copmauder of the ill-fated Wairarapa, among I my personal friends, and ourintimaci' ranged 1 over a long stretch of years. During this time I was frequently a passenger in the , vessels under his charge, and can testify from I he opportunities of close observation thus afforded that a smarter, more eiapable, an i more careful seaman never trod a vessel's I quarter-deck. He was the very beau- ideal of a commander, a -tnao standing about six feet, as straight as an arrow, without an jounce of superfluous- flesh— indeed rather spare of figure — quick, sharp, clear, and de cisive of speech, liaving himself and all under bis authority in thorough command, and handling his vessel with a confidence that begot confidence in passengers and crcw. He was well read, a good conversationalist, and his cordial attention to the passengerB under his charge was unfailing. How do these qualities square with the sal finale ? 1 can .attempt no explanation, except that' I basing on the fallibility of human judgment; It is an inscrutable mystery, 1 only speak of the man as 1 kn. w him. A splendid and careful s am an, a gallant officer, and 1 courteous gentleman. God rest his soul, - Ov.r eleven years ago, in th« March of : '83, I was passenger with him in the old 1 Hero, formerly well-known in the Auck land -Sydney trade under tbe command of I Captain Logan. Wc were bound from Melbourne US' Suva, tho capital of Fiji. It was a long (rip ns trips now go, extending over a fortnight. Most of us were return ing islanders, well known to cach other, and wc formed a right merry ship's company. After a day or so at sea, the usual agitation to devise amusements and other means oi ; passing the time began, and someone hit upon the original i-'ea of starting a nuws riper, which it wv.6 suggested 1 should edit, declined, on the groun 1 that what w.is 1 play* to the n&i; would be something ; very much likea return to bard work for me ; but I willingly consente.1 to fall in and be | edited as a contributor. At the end of the voyage all hands were very proud of their paper, so much 60 that they subscribed funds, and in due course the ' Hero Chronicle' appeared in all the glory of print, for private circulation only. Several copies were presented to mc as to 'our valued contributor,' ' and portion of one 1 laRt week hunted out of my literary debris, becauec of the coincidence It contained with rcRpcct to the circumstnnc.s surrounding the rec-ent sad death of our gallant captain. The matter arope in this wis?. One morning in tho smoking-room we had itu prori«i?rj on the main dock, Capinia Johu told us of an application that had been male by the comiuny's ofll c rs to the directors for permission to dis card their brass-buttoned and gold- braided : sergti uniforms when tra ling in the tropics, j The Orient and P. And O. Companies'1 offic-rs ! have light linen uniform suits for tropic ! w.ar,but the Union men had not ; hence the | request to appear in simple white shirt and I ducks with th.* cummerband, locally known as the sou'.-atid-bo.ly- binder round the waist. The directors m. t in Dai.edin, declared tliat | th :y -ii 1 not feci it to be a bit too hot for the wearing of tin regulation uniform, and sa gaciously ruled that whether on tbe Line or at the Poles it must still be worn. Wc laughed heartily, and, liaving even then contracted n vicious habit of rhyming that has not since lift me, 1 afterwar s wrote the matter appearing below for the CKronir e. 1 reproduce it because of ' the strange coincidcnce ' existing between the catastrophe imagined for the pur pos: of the rhyme and that in which it actually hap pened that '? The seas in fury swept the wreck, Aod 'whelmed him in the flood.' THS CAPTAIN'S DBEAU. The Captain one morning came from his With a very dejected sir. And his features wore the ominous g'oom Of a settled and set ikspair. As he sat at the table he heaved a sigh That might shatter a paving stone And seemed half-disj-osed to pipe his eve, As groan followed fast on groau. ' Oh ! what is the matter, brave Captain John The startled passengers cried ; And be. witb a countenance sad and was, Thus mournfully replied : (i I've had a weird and fcarsomi dream, Au awful dream I've had ; So wild and terrible was its theme It has well nigh driven me mad.' ' Oh 1 tell U3 thy vision, Captiin, boll ?' Arose on every side ; And ihus, in accents stern and cold, The Captain again replied : — u I dreamt that as one night I lay UpoQ my bunk asleep, The storm-fiend in our watery way ' With sudden start I giincd the deck, j An while I gdztpg stood, The seas in fury swept the wreck, An I 'whclrac I me in the flood. 4 One gasping cry forjiir I gave, One prater 1 uiuttere i o'er, Th-.n down I sank beneath tbe wave, Sank down to rise no more. 'A brirf unconscious moment pasasd, And then I live } again. But not, alas! as when 1 last Sailed proudly o'er the main. ' For then the Hero's Ciptaio, I Stoo 1 firmly at my post ; But now I roamed tiie upper sky, A wandering shivering ghost : ' A ghost in simple pant6 and shirt, ^ «S na sox, mns cap and coat ; | You'll own 'twas quite enough to hurt j Tbe meekest soul afloat. ' For brazen buttons, brai i and crcst— The U.S.S. Go,'* pride La' fathoms dnep io ocean's breast, Tbe H ro's Lull inside, ' But col 1 an 1 nipning was the air, An 1 coining w id th-e broc?. s ; And so 1 ma to m . wa-- to where St. I'ct-rr the ke*s. u In answer lo my limid tap, His Saintship came in view, And gently queried, ' Well, old chap, And who tbe deuce are you T *' John M'lntosb, a luckless wight, Th«i skipper of the U. S.S. Cj.'s Hero, which last night Went down with all her crew.' ' 1 A captain of the Union Co I h-.-ard his Saiutship siy ; You're certainly the first i know That ever eamc xhis way.1 ' Then be thumbed hispon Prous ledger o'er, Till he cried in pious rage, 'Ah I just as I thought. A terrible score, Witb a Jjalance wrong side the page. ' * No U.S S. Co 'a fellow may show His uosi witbiu these gates, So off ; ou scud to the shades below. Where the chap with the pitchfork waits 1 ?? What could a houseless, shivering ghost Uuder such pressure do, When battered about from pillar io post f I went below, wouldn't you 7 ^ And there s'.ool the flend with the trident rlrea i, Who never docs things by halves And that beastly cur with the triple head, Ma£e ft ftt my ghostly 9a1vcb, ' Tlie g rtraly demon eyed me o'er With a glare 1t was dread to see, And then enquired with s terrible-roar, ' Aud who may you chance io be T1 41 John M'Intosh, b luckless wightv ' ? ' The caplalu of tho O.' ' S.S. Co.'e Hero, whlch last night. Went down with all her crew* 4,4 The Hero 1 Is not thit the ship . t monthly used to seo Upou a trans-Paolfio trip ? ^ From Melbourne lo jl f - : - ; - '?£ 41 1 1 faltered 4 Yes then-be gave a cry Which seemed to rend It Is chroat ; You're a vile Imposter : a ghost ot 4 lie ; 'Cos where's your uniform coat?.. 41 If you were be', of whom you tell. You'd simply be afraid To show your nosa at the gates of Hell Without your buttons and braidi 41 1 When you asked for leave to cast aside That coat 'ocath the topics' glow, Tour wise and sapient Board replied Witb a most emphatic ' No.' f- * And am I to think that when theysay That garb must be worn in Fiji, They would send you here in yonr present array ^ To pay lesser respect to me I 41 1 No, no, my boy, I know your Board As a rule are not over civil, But, to be thus rude, they cannot afford, To their very good friend, the DeviL 4,?6o off you go, my nautical swell,' And he raised bis pitchfork dread, And launched it forth with a terrible yell At my poor devoted head, 41 Ani I felt its glow on my face and neck So hot that 1 gave one'scream, And in terror awoke in my house on deck To find it was but a dream. 41 But dreams like these are portents dire, And I hoi 1 it a warning note Tuat a Union man In eternal fire Must still wear his uniform coat.' 