ECHOES AND -RE-ECHOES. HUGH KALYPTUS ON ART. A wonderful thing n ut; it makes a person of the most frank and open nature very designing, and it is so simple, yet so intricate, that in good sooth the deftness of thehand deoejves the eye—ask Gill, and he will show you a flat pieoe of paper with a ohalk ball drawn on it so natural that you wonder it does not roll off. Seeing the exoellent syeteibatio work done by the Sohool of Design and Teohnioal Art, it is amusing to oall to mind the meohanical rale of thumb mode in favour two decades ago, as taught in and around Adelaide. Well do I remember "drawing as she wasteaobed"when I was a lad at sohool. A lot of alleged studies having been purchased at local stationers' they were distributed to the drawing olass. The subject was generally a wooden buoket, a wheelbarrow, hnd a spade, with a Dorking male hen, of the weatheroook pattern, roosting on the handle,-with his mouth open like a Labour Member spreading himself '' agin the Government." The studies of animals were almost invariably a dissipated donkey stand ing over a theumatio thiBtle, ruminating on nothing in partioular, or a motherly cow, with hipbones you oould hang your hat on, lying lazily in a pasture chewing the oud' of sweet and bitter fanoy. We dare not deviate from these set subjects. I remember getting a ■ hundred lines of Homer and a out across my pants for introducing a goat to keep the melanoholy soli tary ass company, and giving the latter a rollicking air by making his tail stiok out with a rakish twist in it. This attempt to oast off the ironolad rules of the art master, and show some originality, was nipped in the bud. The average parent (not mine, because he was a born artist), was usually quite content if his hopeful eon or daughter oamehorae with a stiff formal penoil draw ing, painfully aoourate in outline and shading —almost as painful as drawing a tooth—and that "piotohaw" was elaborately framed and hung up in the best room, so that the visitors who oame to afternoon tea, and the pareon, who dropped in as parsons do for the extra cup, might see, mark, learn, and inwardly re joice—I mean ourse it. Oh 1 haven't I seen them, those cold, ex pressionless sheets of drawing paper, or tinted oardboard, with a landaoape penoilled under a paleing purpley sky; a pieoe of water ooloured with the tint left over from the sky, orossed by a groggy footbridge, guarded by two or three formal pines or poplars, and made to carry a oountry girl or lout, with stumpy legs and a general air of having been out all night. There used always be a sort of won't-go-home- , till-morning about the figures introduoed into those landscapes, and many a time and oft havelgroundmyteethand yearned to pasteone of Tenniol's Punch cartoons over them to I prevent an outrage. { Those works of alleged arb are relegated to the limbo of the past now, like that atrocious China dog with the tomabo-ooloured nose, red and yellow patobes on his ribs, and ourly tail, who used to stand in pairs on the mantel pieoe of most oottages. I have spent years and years of my life trying to find out the breed of that "chaney" dog, with the outrageous collar and supercilious air, and never got nearer than a cross between tortoiseshell oat and King Oharles spaniel—it sat up like a oat, and was just stolid. I believe I would have grown up a better-tempered man it it bad not been for those "ohaney" dogs 1 used to see in the old dame's best parlour where I went to school when about the size of Tommy Rough—they and the pioturesof Soripture subjeots worked in wool embittered my young soul. I cannot bear to remember the young ladies' school examinations when the awfully-framed draw ings and samplers were paraded on the walls, and fond pa's and ma's went round, lost in admiration, while the sohool mistress who taught her pupils houi to write poetry—shade of Oaldwell!—followed, pointing out the marvellous progress made — great Rubens ghost I I shiver to think of it. But j all that is sltered here now, thanks to the Sohool of Teohnical Art; and parents appre ciate the obange, although one or two have | oooasionally told Mr. Gill that tbey would sooner "Sarah or Jim oame home with a homelike oopy of a obair, a table, or a oarb in stead of stoopid studies of soenery out of doors, what they oall 'droringfrom Natur.'" j 