OATHOWO DOOTR1NB.— FAITH AND SUPEW3TITIOH. REPLY BY FATURR GAUGHEEN. Tho Very liev. Father Giuighron, Q.M.I,, cm Sunday night, lnnt at, St. Patrick's Chnroh, Fromantlo, ropliod to tho Bormon on thonbovo named snbjcot given by tho Kev, Mr, HryUnt on tho preceding Sunday. Fr. Gaughron said no had once moro to dofond some points of CnthoHo doctrino which had boon ussailod. Ilia neighbour, Mr. Bryant, had denounced Homo of tho doarost dootrinnu of thoir faith and ho folt that ho could not allow nuch attacks to go forth without disproof. Ho could not admiro tho modoaty of t.lio rev. gontloman, who at tho utmost, ropro sontod but a small roligiouaaoot, in do* nouncing so violently and dogmatically tho doctrines of tho largest body of Christiana in tho world j in opposing himsolf to a Chnroh. which has existed from tho timo of Our Savour unto our own; a Chinch, whioh has boon the moana of Salvation to countless mil lions ; a Church to which Protestants owq bo muah , an indeed is admlttod by Mr. Brynnt himsolf. In sotting him Bolt \ip oa an infallible oracle, in niattera of doctrino whom did Mr, Bryant ro proB-mt P Illinaolf, and poaovbly tho Hnall religions body with whom ho is oonnootod, but certainly not tho groat body of Protoatantfl, bocauso ninny of thorn hold to tho doctrines which ho denounces. Should wo not oxpoct, said Pr. Gangbron, to find eogcmt argument Kid caroful roaaoning at loaat, if not Btrong proof, to countoi%bu.lA.neo tho great disparity of ono man againat millions of pooplo. Ho had previously pointod out that Mr. Bryant was con wnfc with stout aosortiou, that no Popo could claim a groator infallibility than (hat oxowiHod by tho rov. gontloman. JV. Gnnghron was inolinod to think that in nvoiding argumont ha had actod »ot unwisely, for ho hud probably found thai no practical proof could bo found for tho statements ho had mado. It' thow vnmt Argument*, surely so zealous rod painstaking a man would havo given them. Ho himsolfwas not ao mi ohaiUablo M to think that Mr. Bryant in -Hjtor.in.jj into thia diaousaion, was aware of tho wcakno»s of tho caso against tho Catholio Church, Groator mon that ho, Cardinal Newman for ono, hud, started out to condemn hor, but upon, roaooroh had found that oho alone was tho Church of Christ, and had submitted to her authority. Father Gftnghron said ho ha-l to thank Mr. Bryant for tho opportunity of explain ing aomo parts of tho Catholio dootrino, whilo ho could not havo found other wiso. Ho was also ploanod to think ttat tho rov. gentleman had mado many a man think aorionaly in to Mb position. If bo that was a groat stop in tho right direction, and if followed bypniyor, divine graoo ?would load them into tho U'uo faith. Tho prenohor Baid t,hat ho wonld not quawol with Mr. Erynnt'fi definition of faith and minor atition 5 ho would not havo timo in throo or four discourses to go fully ovnrr tho flold thus travol.odinsueU npocd by that gentle Man, Mr. Bryant had pr.id a compli ment ip the Catholio Church ns to the dobt owed by tho wotM ix- hor, but ho ?aid that aha had rnn into Buporatition. JFathor Gaughron said ho had on a pro vlonn cocasion offered abundant scrip tural juod cUier testimony, which had not beon Tobuttod, in proof of thodivino institution of tho Catholio Clujroh oh tho teacher of wankind. Jesus Christ httdpromUcd to remain with hor to tho end of timo, andhohnd gnarantood that tho GAtOHof Holl ' should not; prevail Rgninatlusr,' ITow aio theao divine pro misos compatible with superstition. Tho Tory tot. speaker did not moan that there were lvofc superstitious Catholics *g thcro were, undonbtodly, super stitlouBProtftatimta. Ho spoke of tho Church aofc of ijulividualo. Mr. Bryant hod instanced tho dogma of Papal Infallibility an ono of the nnporatitions Of tho Catholio Clmroh. Here again, said Pathor flanghrcn tho whole quoo tion tamed npt n tho ,fact ©? divino ap pointment. lftt.ua doetriuo bo of God, then, accoiding to Mr. Bryant's de finition of fluporfllition it ennnot bo anportitionn, Mr, Bj-yant in not very logical, , paid tho npoakor, ' Does ho iniagjno tliat hia ftimplo word will bo nww)p'tc4 aa against iho mnaa of authority and argmnont recently brought, forward in favorof tho Catholic contention,' It had boon shown that Christ commi«aion^d St. Potor and hia Btwccsfloro to ropteaontllim on earth aa tho chief tftaehora of thepoople, and that speaking in vbtno of that coinmiaaion, tho Popo is by a ipocial pr ovidonco prc sorvod from error. Tho second oxamplo of snpOTStitlon given by Mr. Bryant is tho Oftthollo dootrino of baptismal ro gonomtion. Again, may wo ankdoca thia como from God or not P If it does, no ono hn-s tho right to brand it aa uupoTHtitioua .To do so is a blasphemy. That it is taught by a divinoly appoint i cdjQhuroh in a proof that it comes from God, Mproovor wo find Josus Christ insisting on it ' Go ye thoroforo and jnakp diaeiplea of all nations' baptising ' thorn Ac., Mat. xxviii, 10. ' Ho that boliovoth and in baptized shall bo savo,d' Luko xvi. lfi. And to Nico. domufl our Lord paid ' Unloaa a man bo born again of wator and tho Holy Ghost ho cannot enter into tho Kingdom of God' John iii, fi. lloro wo havo baptiam dochuod to bo absolutely juicossary to Salvation by the lips of Him who camo to savo tho world. Its divino institution in recognised not only by tho Catholic Church, but by the custom socts separated from her for wore than 1,400 yearn by the Grook Church, and by tho great body of Proto»tant Christians. Will Mr, Brya.nt'8 words outweigh all P Tho third instance of superstition cited by Mr. Bryant in tho doctrine of transub ntantiation, or tho changing of broad and wino into the body and blood of Jesus Cluiut in tho Holy Hueharist, Fr, Gaughron contondod tliat if thoro was only ono doctrino hud down with spocial clearness in tho Now 'J estamont it was this. In the Oth chnptor of tho Gospel of St. John, Our Lord with tho grentont distinelnesB promised to givo his,, sacred body to bo tho spiritual nourishment of His pooplo. His neuters understood Him to speak in a litoral sonio, and, like many heretics of tho present' day, would not boliovo Him, Instead of explaining awny His words, as Ho would lmvo dono had they min undorstood Him, Our Lord inaiata all . tho more strongly upon the necessity of receiving His llesh and blood, if they would, bo Baved 'This in tho broad' ho says ' which' camo down from Hoavon ; ho that oateth this bread ahall live for over.' ' Many of hi.i disciplos loft Him, exclaiming like nineteenth century un boliovors ' This ia a hnrd saying who can believe it? ' Tho narrative of tho Lord's Snppor ao given by throo of tho ovangolinta, can loavo no doubt upon tho mind of any unprejudicod reader whoboliovoii in tho divino powor of Jesus, as to how ho fulfilled this promise. ' Ho took broad and blessed it and gavo it to His npostlos, aaying s This la my body, He put wine in tho Cup, blos«ea it and gave to them, snying: This is tho chalice of my blood which shall bo (died for you,' Thoro ia no ambiguity about Ilia words, Ho gave Hia apoatlos not bread and wino. but Hia aaciod bodt and blood. Tho broad and wino had by Hia divino powov boon changed into Hia sacred body and blood. To His apoafcloa Uo gavo tho power to do what Ho had dono j (La' is to ohango broad and wino into Ilia snored body and blood, 'l)o this in remembrance of mo.' Tills la what is meant by transubstantiutiou. It ia a groat mystory, but thoro is' no othor way of understanding our Sav* iour's word. It was so St. Paul imaor stood thorn, rs ovidonco, I Co, iii. i So thoy woro understood from tho uogfin ning of tho Church, witli Boarooly nn opposing volcojtlll tho sixtoonth cbnti^ry. Evon thon Luthor could not bring him solf to dony tho real prosonco of Josus into tho Jloly Saoranwnt. ,' Had Dr. Carlstadt ou.nnyono ol&o;,' ho wroto to Buon in 1024 'boon abloto porsujido mo flvo years ago that tho Sacramont of tho Altar is but broad and wiuo, ho would indocd havo dono mo '.'a gvoat service, and rondorod very material aid. in my efforts to mako a broach in ^ho Papacy. But it is nil in vain i loan not oHcapo i tho moaning of tliQ tojet is too evidonfc. Every artiflco of lauguago will bo poworlosa to explain it ?vwdy, s Aa a fourth instanco of auporstition Mv. Bryant roforrod to the respootRhowii1 by Catholics to tho crucifix and tho inmgoa or pictures of tho saints, which ho very, dogmatically oharactorisos as idolatrous. Fr, Gaughrou showed whut, he said, ovory Catholio child xindorstood, .that It is not to tho pictu.ro or imago in itaolf that respect ia shown. Thoso, aa 'ovory child ia taught, ' hiwo no powov to hoar or boo or help us,' It is to Jobus, oh represented by tho cruoiflx, dying for oursalcoa, that tho honour is giron. : It ia to his saints that roapoot is shown whon thoir pioturos aro treated -vith veneration. Whatovor boathona in India do, Catholics know thoir own minds in tho wattor. Evon th'oso. heathens, a» is pin in, aro not idolators, although pagans, if thoy do not worship images. Thia rospoct for holy iraagOs is consonant with ronsoji, nor is it repugnant to tho law of God. ]Pi\ Gaughren showed that tho text in Exodus xx. which Protestants mis takonly call tho sooond commnndnjcinti only forbids the making of itungos to worBhip thorn. God himsolf commnndod tho inuigoa of chorubim to bo mado' and placed ovor tho ark. Ho ordored tho tlguro of aaorpont in brass to bo not.up as a remedy agaiimt tho vonnoni of iho fiery serpents, Solomon caused various figures to bo usod as ornaiuonts ' in. tho tomple, And, remarked tho vov. gentle man, even Mr. Brynnt himsolf docs hot altogether object to imngos in divino worship. Tho move numoroiiH tho imngoa of hor mosifc Gracious Maioaty, tho Queon, upon gold or silver coni, in the collection tho bottor ploasod, lio doubt, ia tho minister. Ah to tho'rolics of tho fiaintp, Holy Seripturo shows uo thoir ellicaoy. In Kings ii, as tho Pro« tostnnt vorsion has it, or Kings iv, 13, 21, as in tho Catholio Biblo wo voadhow a dead man was restored to iifo on touching tno pono.s ol tlio propho Eliaoufl or Eliuha. ' 1 ehould hire,' naid the pronohor, 'to givo Mr, Bryant as a toxt for a aormon, Acta xix, 11-12. ' And God wrcught hpeoial miracles by the hands of PmiI j so that from hio body woro brought unto tho siqk hand kerchiefs or aprons, and tho diseaaos departed from them!' Noithov St. Paul nor hia converts appear to have boon sound Protofltantit aftor Mr. Bryant's typo. Tho i,hadow of St. Potor wan bolioved to hoal tho sick. (Aetn v, lfi) Tho touching of the horn of ouv Lord's garment cured tho sick woman. Wan thoro superstition in all that thon P If not why should a eimi lav thing be superstitious now. I1 Tho charges which Mr. 7'ryant makos against tho Catholic Chu.cn of 'jug. glory' and of oncouynging supor'atitiou for boao monoy«making piirpoaos, wero characterised by lh\ Gaughron ns vilo calumnios. Ho had, ho said, , on pro viouf) ocoaaiona convicted Mr. Brynnt of similar falao and injurious stato montfl, which that gontloman had not tho honesty to withdraw; nor hud ho at tomptod to susUiin thorn, Suroly.'a mii.iutor of roligion ought to bo tho last to mako such charges without at tho same timo giving tho ovidonco -which would prove tho truth of his stato' ments. Tho reforenco which tho Eov. ,Mr, Bryant had mado to Iroland wna, Iftitlior Qaugliron anid, singularly unhappy, It waa truo, unfortunately, that tho popu-. lation of that country had sunk from eight, millions to about four and a half millions, within tho last fifty yoars,' But why P Owing to tho action of tho unjust and opprcasivo lawa imposocl upon that unhappy laud by its Protestant rulers, Owing to avoid ablo famines j owing to .an onii gration which was a disgrace to thoso who govornod tho country, a wretched condition of things -which honest men woro now at last sookingto romody, But ia it for a Protestant to gloat ovor that mieoryf Ho (tho pvciichor) had no statistics at hand to rIiow exactly how Protestantism stood in Iroland, as comparod with fifty yo4i'S ngo, but ho waa quito. buto Protestants had not doublod in numbor, , no quoationod if tho numbor hftd not ? con aidorably diminished, It is foritunatoly not truo that of tho diminished Calholio population, a million and aquartor can not; raid or writo. But if Itiiadbopn truo it would havo boou a raattor to bring tho blush of shamo to ovory Protestant cheek, l?or movo than two hundrod yoara Iroland sufCorod porao cution at tho hands of Protestant Eng land such as no othor nation ondurod. Every ongino which satanio ingonuity could doviao waa omp'loyod to oraah and to bvutaliso hoy pooplo. Tho Qatholio school m'astor was liablo to imprlaqn mont, banishmont and death, i A Catholic parent sending Mb child abroad for oduoation was liablo to a sovoro penalty, and tho child so sent was dis abled from ovory inheriting, purchasing or on joying lands, ' or profits, goofa dobta, logaoloa, or sums of Ombnoy. With tho ory of Liborty : of Conaolonco on thoir lips; tho Protostanta of Erigf laud emoted a codo of ponal laws against Catholics of which Ednnuul Biu-ko aaya i— ;,. .,; 'It waa a maohino of wiso ajid ola borato oontrivanco, as'woll fitted for tho oppression, impovorialimonfc.vand degradation of a pooplo, and ?tho dobaBomonti in thorn of human naturo itsolf as ovor proceeded from tho porvortcd ingonuity of man,' ?--.'- a. codo,' according to tho lato Lord Chiof Juatico Colorldgo, 'as hatoful aa anything ovor aoon buico tho founda tion of tho world' j a codo, of which tho Rov. Sydney Smith wroto i—' It rofloota indoliblo disgraco upon, tho English chavaotov') and Mr. Matthow Arnold wrote of it as ' that ponal codo, ofwhioh tho monstvpsity is not half known to Englishmen, and may bo studiod by, thorn with profit.'' Suroly if Iroland woro as illiterate as Mr, Bryant protonds, it ill bocomos him to mako it a reproach against hor. But although Iroland has sufforocl from Protestant porauoutlon andPi'O tostant injustico, tho Catholio Cliuroh has not boon tho loser. God who knows how to bring good out of ovil, haa mado Iroland's misfortunos a moans of sproadhig tho Catholio faith in ovory land in which tlio English lnngungoia spokon, Tho Irish exiles drivon by millions across tho Atlantio havo built up a glorious Churoh in tho grout Ro- publio of tho Woat, such as tho world never saw boforo, InOanada, in South Africa, Uovo in Australia U\a OUurcli ia ulTfinclng with giant stridos, bconuoo [rohvndu iiounanddau^litora weve dvivou 'rbm thoir homos, in J'lnglaud and Scotland too, tho Church ban arinon Prom hor ruins, raised up oneo moro by ^ho hornoy.hftndodtoilorHwho, utript of fill things olso carried with them from tho shoros of Eriu tho faith which I'atidolc proaoliod. And if, an seomn not unlikoly.thoroiaaproBpcctol' tho English pooplo returning lo tho Church of thoir fathors, thoy will sow tho grnco under God, as thoir Saxon ancestors sowod it in groat - moauuro, to tho dovotodnosa of tho ohildrou of Troland. Tho rev. gontloman concluded by exhorting ilioso ' of his hearorfl, who had como to diucovor that many of tho idoas about Catholio Dootrino whioh thoy had boon taught toontertain wcro f also, to continuo thoir onquirios and not to rest satiiilod until thoy had as cortoinbd tho truth us to tho claims of tho Catholio Church to unito prayers with their eoaroh for truth j and to lmvo tho courngo to ncoopt tho oon aoquonco to which loaoon and con science would load. 