Traveller, MABBIAGE IN BUSSIA. ; When a 'young man in Bussia lakes' a Janoy to a maiden he sendB his mother or eoaae other matrimonial medium ' to the parents of the girl to negotiate Sfor her dowry. . As an incidental he has no objection to pny chance affection she may have to bestow along with it. The girl has BO voioe in the matter; often' has an offer of marriage aooepted or rejected t»y proxy without knowing anything about it. This custom has one tiling in its ifavor; it certainly anves a great! deal of Wear and teat to her feelings. The -marriage settlement being satisfactory the conrtBhip begins. The yonth must never go to the horse of his betrothed without taking her a gift. A long courtship in this country would be liable to bankrupt a man. However, it is not the custom to linger long in this ' primrose border land. A betrothal is almost as binding as marriage itself. There is never a slip-between the cup and the lip, 1 save for very grave and eerious reasons. At the betrothal feast the girl puts off a look cf her hair inthe "presence of 'Witnesses, in order that it may be authentio, land gives it -to her betrothed;' who in turn gi ves her a silver ting set with turquois. These rings are t kept ;ss heirlodtns ln the family, but never must'ihey do duty twioe. 'They never snppore, ;however, that it depreciates in' value as<ihe ye'ars roll.-ou. A well-to-do bride brings "her hu^baird a dozen shirts, a dressing-gown, end a pair of -slippers. S^e iB supposed to have epuu • the flax and woven - the cloth and made .the garments with her own handf. The faot is, the j often buys them ready-made. Before the wedding the dowry is on exhibition and is blessed by the priest. T>us we see that in Kweia aa well as bther places nearer home, ths most sttteresting part of the ordinanoe of holy 'fnatrimony is the avalanche of g^ood clothes it brings with it. Ia the uppter and middle classes the bridegroom gjves a ; bachelor -dinner tbe • sight before the wedding. The bride-eleot at the Bame- time goes with her friends' to the bath." | At the appointed time the bridegroom comes to claim - his bride. Saie falls npon her knees before her parents and -craves forgiveness for the follies of her youth. They kiss her, giving her bread and salt, typifying the necessities' of Ufej< leaving the door open behind-her when'she goes ont, indioating-that she sMU "has a! home in her father's house. j We have now the haippypair at the altar, with lighted tapers in hands to mgnify asplratiou. >4he loud voioe of the priest uttering^ a short prayer; the ring whioh theyJ«ichange <<rith eaeh other in token of the trinity, snd tbe onp of wine from whieh they drink, a symbol of eternal love. Three times the bride. parader raround the altar w<th a crown of gilt held just above her head, by'' an important ionotionafy whom-she ohookes for the c£Soe,hut he most onnojacoount tread on the hem of her garment or derange her headdregg, as he will be denounced by the dookere- on! for a heretio. This- personage has also other connubial porterage to look -after. , most attend : to-the lighted tapers and oatry the piece of carpet upon whioh r the couple are no kneel -forthe rpriasfs hlesaing. By the way, the -one whois ifirstto touch this bit o< carpet with the foot is supposed to rule the domestic kingdom. It is only-fair to say that the bride usually gets.there on time Thus ends !the symbolic marriage. Although'the <serrioe -of the <}redt ohuroh is more dramaHo and fuller,> of significant detail than the B?man church, and that ia elaborate, oompared with the German or ProteEtant church, yet in B-isria ihey do not »aste much real sentiment' on marriage. There are parties who regularly oontrsot for marriage unions, a kind of real estate agesoy iii c jtnubial felicity, upon which they get a percentage of the spoils. Tiere were marriagn liara held formally in St. P itersburg and M isoow, but - now only in prorincial towns, where men and maids resort. The rich man may take hie pi.*. Sometimes people travel long journeys to attend these fairs. Now, however, tbe better classes do not, so they are the popular resort of servant girls who get a week's leave of abBehoe for the marriage fait-and often coma baok unicedded, bnt as muoh demoralized as atsolored oook in the south after a camp-meeting. In- 1 this blessed land of BusBia,- where more than {half mankind are women, olil mit'dg are very scarce. Waen a woman is not married at 25 she disappears from view, goes on a pilgrimage or round of travels, and comes back posing ia s joiety as a widow. E iquette in BiBBia forbids any allusion to h lady's dead husband in her presenoe. Y-ufee a woman's life in that land is not complete without the adjunct of a husband, ot even the ghost of a husoand, to give it a kind of oold respectability.— T. Wilton. 