DIVERS' STORIES AND EXPERIENCES. A diver who goes down in clear water has the strange and sometimes terrifying experience of seeing objects much enlarged, perhaps twice their natural size. A few years ago I was employed by a company which under- took to raise the machinery and boilers out of the wreck of the Commodore, which was sunk off Norton's Point, Long Island, U.S.A., in 1854. At the time the steamboat went down there were no derricks strong enough for the work. We anchored a little sloop about 50 feet off from the wreck, and, when all was ready, I went down. When I got below into the boiler room I saw looking at me, from one of the furnaces, two eyes as big as saucers. I stepped to one side, and out shot a huge shark. As he darted past me he gave me a flip with his tail that knocked me 15 feet. That knock was not, however, as bad as it may seem ; for it's easier to move objects under water than above. I myself could easily shove a man 10 feet under water. Divers often en- counter sharks, and huge fellows they seem too. But we don't take much stock of them. The diver is usually moving about, the escape value gives a shrill whistling sound, and my experience is that sharks, like other large fish, are scared half out of their wits when we divers appear upon the scene. A diver who went down to work on the steamship Viscaya, which was in collision and sunk off Barnegat light, had a gruesome experience. It was a difficult job, so two divers were sent down— one of them to remain on deck in 60 feet of water, to act as second tender to the other diver who went below. The latter had been below but a few minutes when three jerks come over the life-line. When he had been hauled up on to the deck he was so unnerved that he forgot he was still in 60 feel of water, and signalled to have his helmet removed. When both divers had been hauled to the surface, he said that while he was working through a gangway, he had seen two huge objects coming toward him ; and nothing could dissuade him from the belief that he had seen two submarine ghosts — until the other diver went down and discovered that there was a mirror at the end of the gangway, and that the diver had seen the reflection of his own legs, vastly enlarged coming towards him. One day, when we were working on a rock in the East River, New York, I met as I stepped off the ferry boat, a diver pale as a sheet. He was hurrying so that I couldn't stop him to ask what had happened. When I came to the spot they told me he couldn't more than have reached the bottom before he signalled to be hauled up, and was so unnerved that he rushed off without telling what had happened. I said I'd go down and they lowered me — right on top of a dead body. It always gives me a disagreeable sensation to come suddenly upon a dead person under water, unless I happen to be diving for him. Then I'm glad to meet him, even if he does seem twice his natural size. But there are divers who will not have anything to do with bodies, and when they come upon these suddenly, will be useless for the rest of the day. In the dark New York waters you do not know of the proximity of a body until you chance to touch it. A diver told me that once when working at the foundation of a pier, he put his hand up for support on one of the piles and felt a small shoe. He knew right away what he had found — the body of a little girl. It was spring time and the body was beginning to rise. In working a wreck we always get the bodies out first. It is bad enough to be 'belting' around below, without having them about. The silence of the depths — unbroken but for the click of the pump — is too oppressive for us to care to have the dead staring at us. We can judge by the temperature of the water where to look for bodies in a wreck. If the water is cold they will be on the floor or lying in the berths. If the water is warm they will rise to the ceiling or against the bottom of the berth above. When we raised the tugboat Bronx from the East River I found the fireman sitting in a chair in the fireroom. Divers, when ready to come up from a wreck, must exactly retrace their steps, otherwise they are apt to get tangled up. For instance, if in working his way to the hold the diver passes to starboard of a mast, he should pass on the same side in work- ing his way back, otherwise his line aud hose will catch around the mast. To get tangled up below is a terrible predicament for a diver. There is but one thing he can cut — the lifeline, for they can lower him another. But I have known divers become so des- perate when tankled up that they have lost their heads and cut the hose — which meant death. A cargo of barrels is dangerous to break out, be- cause they are apt to float up when you have loosened them and get foul of your hose. I once had a barrel with an iron chine jam my hose against the ceiling, and for a time it was a question whether I or the barrel was master of the situation. Jute is also a bad cargo to handle, be- cause it tangles itself about a diver's legs, so that often it will take him several hours to clear himself. There are about half-a-dozen treasure- -ships off America's shores. They have been veritible treasure-ships to the drivers who have been engaged to work them, though not perhaps to the employers. An old bottom off Peeks- kill is said to be one of Captain Kidd's vessels. A man once hired me and a crew to raise the treasure. We had a good time all summer, and he seemed to enjoy watching us work and paying us our wages. The best known treasure-ship hereabouts is the British frigate Hussar, which struck on Pot Rock, Hell Gate, New York, in 1780. She went down with 107 men, and, it is said, a great amount of gold coin intended for the British forces. This vessel has been worked for treasure since 1818. Parties have operated with a diving-bell, have grappled with ice- tongs, and in fact have endeavoured in ways as numerous as they were ridiculous to raise the treasure. But I never heard of anything of value being obtained since 1819 — when her guns and upper sheath- ing were brought up — except the anchor, and I raised that a few years ago. There lies the Hussar just where she sank, only she has worked herself a nest thirty feet below the bed of the Gate — and, if there was treasure aboard her, it is there still. If there is truth in the story that has come down from 1780, the waters of Hell Gate are eddying over a treasure of £200,000. Romantic possibilities attract people so strongly that a party was formed in New York, in 1881, to raise a treasure-ship in the Red Sea which was believed to have sunk about the time of Christ. The party sailed from here on the brig Gypsy, but I have never heard of them since. A wreck, or other heavy object, remains where it sinks, except that it may work itself down into the bed ; and, speaking of the Red Sea, it is my opinion that a diver could prove or disprove the narrative of the destruc- tion of Pharaoh's host. 