T E M P E R A N C E . w. C. T. u. " FOR OOD, nOME AND HUMANITV.' (COMMUNICATED.) On Monday, the 21st inst.. there was a veiy pleasant mother's meeting held, there being a good attendance of members present. After the usual devotional exercises were gone through, a sister read a paper on some of the causes which conduce to social Impurity statiugthat the foundation on which to build a healthy body, clean heart and clear brain is non stimulation. Bad diet plays a very significant part in the early and abnormal development of the animal instincts. The child- whose blood is made hot and feverish, and whose uerves are irritated and excited by unwholesome and stimulating foods and dnnk is poorly prepared to resist the temptations which are certain to come to it sooner or later. It has been written " Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost?*' How dare we. then, defile them by such things as harmful foods and unchaste language, the use of which by old and young is an evil of the very greatest moment. It is too often ignored, and persons not really bad at heart thoi 1 " ' at i •'Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh. Eveiy idle word that meu shall speak they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment. . . . By thv words thou shalt be condemned." If we could keep a child's mind free from unwholesome thoughts, and to develop a character which will prompt to good and useful acts, then keep the child so occupied with mental and physical activities of wholesome sort that there will be no opportunity for the developenient of mental and moral incleanness; for mental stagnation is an invitation to evel thoughts, and from evil thoughts are born evil actions. If people would live pare lives, take as guide to their thoughts the counsel of the apostle Paul, Whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are of good report, if there beany virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things." So if we learn .to command our thoughts and keep them in a pure channel we shall obey the law of purity in a c k," Figs do not grow on thistles;" do corrupt deeds grow out of pure thoagbte. • Si" - ; 