HER \ DOUBLE LIFE ! By- Mks. Harriet Lewis. Author of Boryl'3 Husband,' 'Lady Kildare,' &c.; CHAPTER XXVIir.— (Continued). TRACKED 1 ' You have driven lier from me,' he exclaimed, with a savage vebemenco, blazing lights shooting out from the gloom of his eyes. ' She is gone ! The only creature I love in the world has left me. I warnod you to let her alone v — poor, innocent, persecuted little one. Now understand me, Ormond, Lord Ad lowe. These estates are mine wbjtle T live. I shall claim myvights to the uttermost points 'of the law, and close the doors of Trevelyan Park against you during my lifetime, unless you ?Mist me in finding Giralda, and, when she- is found/ make to her such apologies and explanations as shall cause her to return to me. You hear me 1' ' I hear,' was the quiet response. ' I will endeavor to obey you, Uncle Tre velyan. I am sure that in offering an honorable inarriago to Miss Arovalo I had no intention of offending her and driving her from the Park-.' 'That'may or may not be so,' said the old lord, with a cynical smile. ' I think, howevor, that you speak truth fully. Giralda, with hor noat little for tune and her wonderful beauty, would not be a bn^l speculation for you,' and be sneered, especially since you must begin to see that the Lady Beatrice Hampton doesn't caro two straws for you, and has been playing with you all these years. But get ready. The chariot ?will soon be at the door.' He rang for Wigby, and ordered his overcoat and mufflers. Ho was dressed and impatient to be gone long before the chariot was announced. Adlowe was alab ready and equipped for his journey to London. 'Now drive like the furies,' com manded his lordship, addressing the coachman as he paused, his hand on tlje door of the vehicle. 'But mind and atop at sight of the first person on the roaosiae. He made a dive into the interior of the chariot, Lord Adlowe following. The lumbering old chariot rolled on down the avenue, eliding groans from the marquis now and then, as his gouty foot was jarred, and frequent curses from the Sybaritic profligate. No sign of Giralda was seen on the road leading to the village. Regardless of -his pains, Lord Trevelyan kept up a constant watch from either window, with the eyes of a lynx, which nothing es caped. He ordered a stop once or twice at some roadside bush or stone, in the Bhadow of which he fancied a woman ?was sitting ; but, of course, his search was vain. On reaching the station Lord Adlowe bdoked, himself for his journey, while Ii&rd; Trevelyan made urgent enquiries, wemto to the inn, and even looked into the shops in the hope of finding his lost darling. \ In vain. It was as if she had dis appeared from the earth on leaving Tre velyan Park. ' Where can sbe be ?' ejaculated the marquis, with a worn, white face, as he approached Adlowe, who had seated himself on a bench under the projecting roof' of the station. 'I will wait here until the train goes, to see if she comes up. She may be walking about the streets to pass away the time. If I do nob find her here I will search the road over which she muse nave passea. ?' She-may be at home, after all. It will all como out right, uncle. And there comes my train.' ? Adlowe started up, .bustling and self conscious. The train dashed into the station. Adlowe took his seat, and was whirled away on his journey, leaving the desolate and almost broken-hearted old lord to commence Ms melancholy search for bis lost Giralda. At the first station at which they stopped, Adlowe telegraphed to Rush, the detective, to meet him at the London station. This done, he drew his coat collar aroutfd his ears, settled back in his seat,' and gave himself up to thoughts in which some' pleasant ones were mingled with the bitter. He arrived in London at a late, or rather, early hour. Detective Rush was in waiting for him at the station, and the two proceeded by cab to Ad lowe's hotel. Not a word passed between the couple concerning their business until they were seated in Adlowe's dreary room. Then Rush rubbed his hands and chuckled softly in appreciation of his ewn keenness. ' The Lady Beatrice Hampton is a wonderful woman — wonderful 1' he ex claimed. ' As keen as a briar, as sharp as a razor 1 I never met with such caution, such guardedness, in thfe whole ? course of my professional career !' ' Yet you telegraphed that you had tracked her to her secret retreat?' said Lord Adlowe, anxiously. 'I dW. I have. Yesterday after noon the Lady Beatrice, with one trunk and a bag — it is well to be always exact ' -r-sefr out for. Victoria station, osten sibly on a week's visit to the Charltons, of Charlton Place, Surrey. I followed to, the statipn. The footman told me, by judicious pumping, what I have just \- learned. I booked myself by the same train. Her ladyship got out at Dalton, a station fifty miles down the line. I went 011 to the next station, not to arouse her attention or suspicions, and returned by the next train. As I hn'f expected, her ladyship, with a different shawl and a heavy veil, came on th'3 train, going baek towards London. She got out at Limely ; but having treed my game, I did as before, going on to ? tho next station. I returned to Li mi-lp an hour later. My lady was not thero. ? I enquired of a porter, describing be r ladyshipi He said that a lady answer ing to her ladyshrp'3 description had got out at Limely, and that she had gone to Senor Arevalo's. Sen or Aremlo, ;t ' appears, is a Spanish gentlcmau, and olives at a place called The Evergreens, The Senor'a pony-carriage was waiting for her ladysltfp. I found out The Evergreens, but it is shut from tl e street by a high brisk wall, and its gate was locked. My investigations ended at the gate. However, I took an impres sion of tho lock, and procured a key to fit it, to-day. Her6 it is.' Adlowe flushed with pleasure. ' You have dono well,' he said, taking the key. 'Your reward shall be ample. I have learned something while away, and T hold in my hands the clue to all this mystery. 1 believe I know who this Senor Arevalo is. Did you make no inquiries about him 1' 'Yes, my lord, of the tradespeople. Few persons have ever seen him. He leads a vory retired life, is a writer, or some such thing. His wife is a singer or actress in London. He is a grandee and exile from Spain. That is all I learned.' ? 'Ah! The actress or singer is the Lady Beatrice Hampton,' said Adlowe, with a bitter smile. ' It must be an intrigue, my lord, or we have not yet fathomed her ladyship's secret,' said the detective, gravely. ' I discovered, as I said, from the foot man, that her ladyship would bo absent a week. She means to spend that week at The Evergreens. Your lordship will therefore have time to confront her there, if you choose to do so, when your lordship is fully rested. Am I to go any further in the matter, ray lord V' added the detective, ' or do my services end here I ' I may want you further. I don't know,' suid Adlowe, reflectively. 'But. not just now. I can work up your dis coveries to suit myself at my leisure. You will be in readiness to take up my work at any time I may require you.' He enforced this view by laying down before his ally a bank-note of handsome dimensions. The detective pocketed the money, received the compliments Adlowe heaped upon him, and took his departure, leaving bis lordship to take up and pursue the threads he had so care fully unravelled. Adlowe spent the- forenoon in bed. In the afternoon he called on the Earl of Hamptoo, expressed his regret at the absence of Lady Beatrice from town, and drove with Lord Hamptom to Hyde Park. He dined at his , club, and soon, after, half disguising himself in his surt ont, made his way to the Victoria station, in time for a down train. He booked himself for Limely, and pro ceeded thither. He had carefully inquired the way of Rush to The Evergreen?. Adlowe passed over the ground rapidly, and halted at last at the massive gate in the high brick wall, to which was attached a board bearing the painted legend, 'The Evergreens.' ' I'm all right, it seems,' muttered, the profligate lord. 'I'll take a look in at the windows. I'll make sure before I do anything rash. I am armed — doubly armed. If this ' Spanish grandee ' proves to be Geoffrey, we shall see hot work.' J He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the evergreens. Hej moved like a ghost up the densely shaded walks. He approached the house. Lights gleamed from the j windows. The curtains were not drawn, and only thick veils of ivy and clinging plants shaded the . panes. Adlowe hushed his breath, and crept closer, into the very shadows of the vines, and peerel into the drawing-room window. The curtains had not been drawn. They seldom were, except on stormy nights, the perfect shade and seclusion of the place rendering intrusion into the grounds nearly an impossibility. 'How pleasant it is, 'said the countess, breaking a long silence, with a shiver and a look of pain. ' And yet I feel strangely anxious to-night ! Something is wrong with us, my husband ! Can anything have happened to Giralda ? I wonder what she is doing I' ' You are nervous, Beatrice,' res ponded her husband, tenderly. 'I think I have a touch of the same disease,' he added. ' I do nob feel quite myself to-night. . Our anxieties are too much for us.' He drew her head upon his breast, and, looked adoringly into her glorious eyes. It was at this moment that his bitter enemy — Lord Adlowe— crept up to the window, parted the vines, and peered in. At the sight that met his gaze Lord Adlowe reeled as if struck with a mortal illness. ~ He beleld the woman he loved — the woman he had deemed haughty, icy cold in her nature, and heartless — he beheld ber like a very goddess of love, brightly glowing, her eyes shining like twin stars, her countenance radiant with a rare happiness, her head pillowed on a man's breast. And that man ! How Adlowe's burning eyes searched his features i Evidently tall, he was magnificently formed, broad of shoulder, deep of chest, and majestic of mien. His bronzed, even swarthy complexion, his heavy black eyebrows, his black hair and beard, made up a perfect Spaniard in seeming. Adlowe believed him to be Geoffrey Trevelyan, in disguise. This belief received a sudden shock ab sight of him. ' That man Geoffrey Trevelyan ?' lie asked himself. ' Can time have changed the bright, laughing boy of slight figure and delicate constitution into this dark-bearded man ? I cati hardly believe it. This must be some new complication. Heaven ! how Beatrice leans on him 1 How she loves him I I wish I could hear his voice !' His glance roved around the room, and rested upon the two boys, who were seated on a couch, close together, the older brother engaged putting a few finishing touches to a drawing. His gaze might have scorched them both — it was so keen and burning. 'The elder boy is the Lady Beatrice all over,' he thought. ' If that dark count be really Geoffrey, that black-eyed boy is the future Marquis Trevelyan. Tho younger boy — that lily-faced, golden-haired, blue-eyed, girl-boy — is uracil like Geoffrey was in his boyhood, only that my cousin had more life and spirit and vim.' He pressed his face closer against the glass. The Lady Beatrice turned towards the window — started — stared — then O leapod to her feet with a wild and ring ing shriek. ' She saw me 1' cried the villain, leaping back. ' I am in for ib now. I must face that matfbeforohe has time to escape.' He hurried to the front door, and rang loudly. Meggy was passing through tho hall on hor way to the drawing room, attracted thither by that fearful scream, and paused, giving him admittance. The next moment, recog nising him, she uttered a loud cry of fright, and essayed to expol him. He pushed her aside as if she had been a child, and hurriod on, ' bursting into the drawing-room with the force of a whirl wind. (To be Continued.) 