Notice. rpHE Queensland Government are prepared *- to provide free rations and protection in Police or Defence Camp to all men, Union or otberwise, who are willing to return to their work at once. A list will bo kenti of the names of all such men, and thoie applying first will receive the first engagement. Plenty of men can find work od those stations where shearing it about to commence, and on «tt other stations throughout the 'Central 'District. '' Cbahues A. M. Moheis, AasiBtant Government Agent. April 7tb, 189L Mr. D. H. Dalrymple, member for Mackay, in delivering his address on Mr. Glassey's conciliation motion, emphatically condemned the unionism of to-day. He had no objection to unionism as unionism, but he condemned the militant New Unionism, which spends every shilling in war. For the OldJMomsm Mr. Dalryxqple has nothing but praise, for. the old unions ' were conducted in the in terests of all concerned ; a large part of the money paid in was used for the benefit of the Tneinbers — lor trade pay when they were out of work, foy relief when they were sick.' This 'should be comforting to the old unionists if there are any to-day in Australia outside the ranks of the few poor old Victorians who had something to do with the establishment of the eight-hour system in the early days, and who occasionally mount the platform to denounceihelr younger and more advanced fellow ram who want more of the good things of this lire than the old boys could obtain in their time. Very few persons of Mr. Dal lymple'e political creed praised the Old Unionism in bygone times. It is not so many years since all the defects of old trade unionism were magnified and all virtues con cealed by the champions of the employing class. The high entrance fees were dilated upon as prohibitive of the poor worker who had not money. The demand that men should receive a minimum standard wage was distorted to mean that employers should pay the superior workman only the same wage as the inferior. A host of faults were found with the Old Unionism before the introduction of the New. Restrictions of all kinds were discovered, and the self-same language that is now used towards the New Unionists was used against the Old. George Howell, a real Old Unionist (Mr. Dalrymple has met him in one of the essays in ' A Plea for Liberty'), complains. of this abuse in bis ' The Conflicts of Capital and Labour,' in these words: 'It is lamentable very fre queoiJ^to find good men, who .ought to know better, repeating calumnies which have been denied over and over again, quite uncon scious ailt woold seem that they haveHbeen absolutely repudiated by those against whom they are uttered. A sad instance of this ow'in''^ fw^tly in a pnMififl.tinn ? cailpd . ' The Fountain.' said to be a religious paper and edited by the Eev. Dr. Packer, in which there was a scurrilous article by an anony mous slanderer Who, taking for granted all the allegations against unionist 'Workmen, reviles them in language hardly decent even for Dr. Kinealy's ' Englishman.' By impli cation, nay, actually in express terms, they are denounced as ruffians and murderers.' — (pp. 368-9). # # * To-day the Old Unionism is gratefully spoken of as having been conducted in the interests of all concerned. The old story! As no good man or woman is fully appre ciated until dead, so the Old Unionism had no admirers amongst the employing ^slass until it gave up the ghost, and was succeeded by a more intelligent son who doesn't believe in. allowing .eiuployerg_ sole, control of the Parliamentary machine. Mj\ Dalrymple ap pears to think there were no disturbances in connection with strikes before the birth of the New Unionism. He seems to nave over looked the wrecking of mines, the burning of houses and factories, the intimidation' of blackleg workmen, that have taken place in connection with every strike of any magni tude in England and every other land. He has not read of the riots in the coal and in the cotton districts. # * # Outrages — as Mr. Glassey said in his speech of the 15th instant — are inseparable from large strikes, whether of Old Unionists or New Unionists. This the Wokkeh has continually tried to impress on the pastoral ists, and this is one of our reasons for urging Parliament to take such steps as will put an find jto ptnVgH.. If b^«Virop' »™ denied .a. vote for the legislators who make the laws, if tlifv avfi denied a voice in settling their rate of wages and working conditions, if pas toralists combine to refuse conference, con ciliation, or -arbitration, men will be found violent enough to urge others to join them in committing outrages. What is the use of trying to disguise the facts ? LetTis know the truth and seek a remedy. Let us acknow ledge that in all probability the burning of sheds is the work of unionists, and at the same time unionists who appear willing to risk life and liberty in defence of what they consider their rights and privileges. In my opinion it is on}y reasonable to think the offenders are unionists. It is not reasonable to think that any but unionists would risk gaol for. life or perhaps hang ing for such an outrage as the burning of Ayrshire Downs, during which 15 armed men surrounded the shed, set lire to it, - and waited- with their revolvers ready to shoot until me shed was burned to tne ground. Nothing is gained in the long run by cant or hypocrisy. What the people, press. _piilpil, and Parliament of Queensland want to recognise is . th)a.t there are unionists in the West who1 would give their last shilling to a mate in want, who would scorn to do a mean, or dirty action to man or woman, who ordinarily are gentle and good and kind to a fault, but who in strike times are evidently prepared for any deed howvet desperatq, fipd %JJ|M# Labour at which ail men Who AttA™ Tit may apply for and obtain cnwloynjent at|ja&(ir o0mpnlsory arbitrajion c^-d36s and to see tjjftt employers fepettf thoir ^yTftpIo^'fes. :Jw-frwp liV^ hnman^ingswid less U^TbroteJacaste. yi' Ji:yj£»i-^r '%:.'?:'?.:$$);; ;\,Vu:r \,.^ ? ^nis .mftji-be |OjpJteJ(.,.upottit| strong Ian Cjpmplain of fiuchmn^pres^on of opinion, but I consider it my 4nty to point out to the people of Queensland that . there must be something radically wrong in the _«onditions under-which bushmen are asked to work when men will plaoefef'V.lfgAB twfl Wm-t«*« in jeopardy to injure -thoe* whom they con sider responsible lor their wretchedness and misery. There is no monetary gain to be derived from burning down sheds, &c.; The men who apply the torch and the fire stick profit not even so much as the sneak thief who .with far Icbs rbik steals a pair of boots from outside a shop, window. But this very fact should convince people that the men who commit the crimes in the West feel that they have very serious grievances, and grievances which, for the preservation of society, society should try to find a remedy. I consider I should be lacking in my duty if I failed to point out that there are certain forces at work on our continent which are producing lawless men of the most danger ous type — fanatical enthusiasts. Mr. Tozer will say those forces are to be found in the speeches of agitators. But that is no reply. All the wild and incendiary utterances £n the world, will be ineffective in stirring men to action if men's minds are not made ready to receive them by misery, poverty and destitution. The seeds of violence will not grow if the ground is not fertile. See what would have been saved France if she had heeded the warnings given her times out of number. Let Queensland not neglect the experience of other nations. Let the whole people appeal to the squatters to grant a con ference, and if the squatters will accede to their request, I feel sure that the outrages will cease, the men will go to work, and Par -ttamtfut will have an opportunity of pausing laws which will render impossible the growth of Anarchistic thought in this country. W. G. H. 