MB. SEAGAR, the latest Charley's Aunt, has a name that should draw well, but why not spell it Cigar ? THE Village Settlements might with more appropriateness just now be called " village unsettled-inents." KINGSTON, of South Australia, has the good fortune to be the youngest Australian Premier, lie acts up to it. "WHY not kill the Devil?" was the subject of a sermon recently delivered by the Rev. Isaac Selby. What! and leave all the lawyers orphans? " AUSTRALIAN women have the habit of looking at the bright side of things," says a recent writer. This trait is particularly observable in the case of mirrors. THK Dress Keform Association announces that every inch taken off the length of a woman's skirts means a deduction of one year from her apparent age. llotv about the poor chorus ladies who don't wenr skirts r THK papers express surprise at the confidence trick being played by two women. Are these newspaper fellows married men ? If so, they ought to have found out by this time that woman, lovely woman, is a most skilful hand at the confidence trick "Is China," says General Tulloch, " justice is a mockery ; thev have a proverb, ' Better enter the tiger's mouth than a court of law."' In this country justice is not a mockery, but we confidently recommend the same proverb as being quite applicable to local as to Chinese circumstances. OF the '.)5 members of the new Parliament, 57 wear beards. ,'i4 have moustaches, and one, Mr. Moule, the member for Brighton, is clean shaven. Mr. Moule is really distinguished, facially, among such a crowd of Esaus and mousta'jhed folks. If beards are a sign of wisdom, there ought to be plenty of it in the present House ! A TRAVELLING showman turned up in Pakenham, Gippsland, a short time back. He had a few wax figures on exhibition, amongst which were said to be Kir Henry Parkes and Li Hung Chang. "Which is Parkes and which Chang?" asked a curious visitor. " Oh," said the showman, airily, "just es yer please, boss; some ses one, some the o'.her." GILBEHT'S libretto of the new opera, to be produced at the Prince of Wales Theatre, is completed, and is described as the best thing he has done. Gilbert's latest is always spoken of as hia best, but he is not likely to come up to bis " Jolanthe " and " Mikado " form again. The musician of "Morocco Bound" is to produce the melody. A TOTE proprietor, writing to the Herald, complains " owing to the action of the police we can neither bet in a shop nor in the street. . . We were harassed by two or three constables. . . Moved on by an over-zealous policeman." This indignant protest against being harassed for attempting to break the law is admirable in its beautifully ;hildlike and indignant simplicity. LISTEN to the Conservative Age:—"It is beginning to be seen that New Zealand is disposed to proceed rather too rapidly in the matter of social reform, and the rise ot a steadying influence need not he regretted." If this had been seen in the Argus ann need not have been surprised, but the Age saying that matters are going too fast is a thing that ought to give delight to the projectors of the lieform Club. THE depression has extended itself to crime, and two Crown Prosecutors have been dispensed with on account of shortness of business in the Crown Law Department. We are delighted to hear it. We are not vindictive, but there are no people wo should more like to see in the ranks of the unemployed than Crown Prosecutors. It is to bo hoped they will retire with the very best wishes of those they have got sent to Pentridge, and that they will remain unemployed, so far a8 prosecuting goes, for a very long time. TBE Wi'sleyan Spectator sots up its back at the expense of one " Field Flowers Goe," who, it says, is " identical with the Bishop of Melbourne," on account of the religious indiscretions of his youth. It thinks it well that those who " are ashamed to let it be known that they were once connected with the people called Methodists" should be "reminded of the rock from which they were hewn." Now, this is what we call cruelly mean. The Bishop may be sincerely sorry for having ever been anything of the kind ,• why should be have his early youthful errors and weaknesses revived and thrown in his teeth like this ? Can't a man, by trying to do better, live down the damning fact that he was ever a Methodist ? ,£100 KOH A FINGER. (Awarded, in County Court.} MY fingers always were, I know, A most important item, But now are worth a great- deal more If any man will bite 'em. Of hundreds I possess some ten, If toes may count I've twenty, Of money in this world I know In future 1 have plenty. Coolgardie lias some wealthy mines, And by them men are smitten, But here we find our fingers gold If only they are bitten. Men can ever money coin By head or manual labour, This man combined his handiwork With headwork of his neighbour. The finish was the same as in All fights of hand and head, Tbe finger-bitten workman now Is capitalist instead. MORE Dibbs and'disorder. Sir George called Mr. Little, M.L.A., a thing, and Mr. Little, M.L.A. replied that Sir George was a long skunk, whereupon the enemies charged each other, and just as the fun was going to begin honourable members interfered and tore the furious legislators apart and put them on ice. People begin to get angry at these persistent interferences at critical moments. They know all about the indignity of a hand-to-hand combat between two members in tbe House, but M.P.'s show little consideration for their own dignity. Perhaps if they were allowed to get at each other now and again consideration for their facial beauty might induce them to moderate their language after a while. If they should hurt each other they would certainly serve each other right:— 'Twould be a shocking sight to see Those legislators—we suppose— Assault each other furiously, And land each other on the nose; But now they prance and claw the air, And madly " they lay down the law," And ramp and rave and " cuss " and swear, Whilst other members pull and tear To save the foemen raging there From damaging each other's jaw. About the wisdom of this course The people seem to have some doubt; They'd like to try the power of force— To let the beggars " have it out." " The dignity of members." Pshaw ! They've given o'er such foolish qualms— They're weary of the M.P.'s braw, Who hurl insults, and " peel" to jaw, And make pretence to cuff and claw, But never do appeal to arms. THE SPEAKER AND HIS WIQ. Last year's Speaker was much bent; Is this one more upright ? At least we have tbe Berry head To recognise our kpight. That head, delight of many men, • Shall not be covered o'er, No wig shall hide the shapely cone Of parliamentary lore. Our demagogue of ancient days, Who used to mount the stump, Now seated in the Speaker's chair, Will still display his bump. Men in their days play many parts, But this one more than all Contrives upon bis feet to 'light, E'en though his party fall. Himself, like laws, loves to reform, When tired of Mister's knighted, He then obtains a Speakership, Called Mister is delighted. QUEENSLAND Parliament is even more of a lawyer's concern than our own. Half the Q.L. Ministers are gentlemen by Act of Parliament. Under such circumstances there is sure to be the devil to pay—or bis sons. A NOTION. MRS. MELLON'S favourite spook, Geordie, has been weighed in the scale, p.nd found to tot up seven stone two pounds. . That's not very weighty for a man, but pretty good for a spook. The medium, it appears, diminishes as the spirit under order materialises, and although Mrs. M.'s ordinary weight is about eight stone she only weighed five stone whilst Geordie remained on view. The probability is that if she were to materialise two or three goblins at once she would disappear altogether. It is a pity (perhaps) that a number of the Australian spinsters who wonder why the men do not propose are not mediums. If they were they might be able to raise husbands out of spirit land :— She was a lonely maiden, rather poor and somewhat plain, And her woman's heart was laden with a longing and a pain. For a husband she was yearning, And eventually on learning That men might be materialised from spooks by zephyrs blown, She resolved to. find a ghost, and raise a hubby of her own. After labours most surprising she alighted on a plan Of correct materialising, and produced a proper man. Not a week the couple tarried, But were vary promptly married, And because it took six stone off lier (please, reader, do not laugh) To materialise tbe man, bo is indeed her " better half." From Gehenna, bo it stated, came the spirit in this case, And that plucky girl is mated with a spook from Satan's place. She is strong of mind, however, And advanced, and rather clever; She can talk like fifty lawyers, and is giv'n to raising Cain, And I know her hubby wishes he was back with Nick again. 