BaAdAginaisitltbtio Sporit. .-- 0_-- It was a beautifully cool day on Friday last-the occasion of the above gather ing--and naturally there was a large attendance, a thousand or so of people turning up on the neat little tecreation ground where the Baddaginnie Athletic Club held their sports. -The various events were well contested, and the bicycle races, being a novelty at Badda ginnie, were watched with great interest. The best sport of the'day, however, was undoubtedly the horse jumping-the contest for the maiden jumpers espec ially-for which there were fifteen com petitors-being very exciting, and the judges, Messrs Hassett, Turnbull and Kelleher, had great difficulty in decid- ing to whom to award the honors. The various arrangements were Ais well cari ried outas they could possibly be-a fact which redounds to the credit of Mr D. W. Birrell and his hard-working com mittee. Both the Sheffield and bicycle I tracks were in first class order. No fault could be found with the starting of Mr J Robinson, while the decisibns of the judges; Messrs Carroll,1D. Laii' and 0. Howse, 'were never questioned. I The contestants, too, conducted them selves in a manly, sportsman-like-man. I ner and there was nio haggling over quibbles' stich: as is often the case in sport gatherings of this sort. The comrnittee's'labors were very much lightened in consequence. TheBenalla hand rendered a series of music selec tions during the day. The following are' the results of the various events :- , Maiden Race. - First heat: A. M'Leod i, G. Simniorids 2, A. J. Steele and A. Nicholson also started. Second heat: J.'Williamsi i,: G. Willis 2; other starters,' .N;' Frazer and 'J. Murray. Final heat : M'Leod I, Willis 2, Wil liams 3.: -' ,, ,Sheffield Handicap. - First heati G..Simmonds, 8yds, a ; A. J. Steele, 8yds, 2; A. Nicholson, 7~yds, also started. :Second heat: R. Boles, 4yds, S; G. Willis, 5yds, 2; J. Williams, 4/yds,(alsoistarted .Third heat: H. Leak, 9yds, I; R. Barron, rayds, 2. Second round.-First heat: Leak i, Barron' 2. - Second heat:' Bules. i, WilliA 2. Final heat: Leak i, Boles ,a..: Tim.c.i2.sec;?'"^ +,+'.w : + - Hurdle Race.--J. H. M'Leodi6fyds x; R. Barron, i4yds, 2; A. J. Steele, ioyds, 3. Other starters: J. Williams, 4yyds; J.-J. M'Kenzie,-scr.; and G. Simmonds, Iyds.':. * District Race.-E.. Dalton, 7yds, ; H. Cook, 5yds, 2. Other starters: J. Williams, scr.; F. M'Leod, gyds, and. 'J. Murray, 6yids.'' SBoys' Race.-Ernie Ledger ri Bertie Burns 2, DanTrimble 3. i Old Buffers'. Race.-C. Wentworth 1\. Only three st',rted. ' ' Putting the stone (28lb),-T. Lane; -Committec men's race.-D. Lane I, J. Thomas ,'R2 Robirison 3. . :' : Open Hunters.- ll..D. Crocker's Myrtle i, J. Rogerson's Fanny 2.: Tlie other horses entered '-were: --:,'D Murphy's Acrobat, W. Mack's Trooper, T. Freitag's Lord Lyons, and G. Dempi sey's Hailstrom. ; Maiden Jumpers; - M. Costello's Winton Snowdrop i, H.:Mack's Erin 2\. Other contestants: I. Savage's. Quilp, W. 'White's Little Nell, R. J. Oroxford's Secret, E. Crutch's Merton, R.Barron's Greygown, Robertson Bros. Silver Queen, R D. Crocker's Tommy, G. Gray's, Buckaroo, :.D. Murphy's Paddy,;O.-Mack's Tranquil, G. Bunny's Nada, ). Liridsay's Jess, and H. Tom kin's Willy Willy. . : District Hunters (maidens).-,Oam eron's Jess ',: Bradshaw's Reggie 2, Robinson Bros. Honesty'3, . One Mile Bicycle Race.-R. D. Crocker, scratch, x; Drill, scratch,;a Doyle(6oyda)3. Anderson,thelimit man, kept his lead good till after the first round, when Doyle spirted past him and made the pace for a while. Before the second: round was finished the scratch men closed the gap up be tween themselves and the leaders, Crocker evideitly riding a waiting race. When thie bell rang for the last lap, Crocker rushed to the front. Passing I the booth, Drill spurted, but lost his pedals and came to grief, and Crocker t sailed away by himself, an easy.winner. I However, Drill remounted and a good Srace resulted between Doyle and him for second place, 'Drill winning by Sonly half a wheel. Another spill oc Scurred just after the winning post was passed, through Drill and Doyle collid Sing, the former's "jigger" being rendered useless. Two Mile 'Bicycle -Race.-Crocker, I scratch, r; Blackwcll, 2oyd, a ; Doyle, 2aoyds, 3. !'APherson led for a quarter of a mile, when he was passed by Black. Swell. There waý' no -alteration in sthe position of the riders dur I ing tle second round, Blackwell Sincreasing his lead in the third lap by Sabout one hundred yards. After this Crocker put on steam. and gradually pulled on the leaders. Drill, however, .th'ough on aninferior machine, pluckily stuck to the Euroa man. * The race a now resolved itself into a procession; r the riders evidently waiting on one aimother. • The positlons were -not changed: till the seventhl lap, when g Crocker ran up to Blackwell, ind a good ra"'eTeniid??ietwcectlitpair for about e half a lap, the Euro man i passing liis os pponen t just aftde;..the. bell, ,ang fo6 i-" . .. . ! ' " "*T '?i .'y +'4t,114! +'. "? ,:? " the last- lap. Crocked ;then sailed away'with the lead and won easily by quite 2oo yards, Doyle being third, about 2 lengths behind Blackwell. Three Mile Bicycle Race.-There were only three starters for this event -Drill (scratch). Doyle (s95yds) and Blackwell (rgg95yds). It was evident from the start that ])rill had not a ghost ofa show, for the reason that he was doubly handicapped, for besides the start he was giving away, his machine had only 48 gear on, while the other two machines were geared to 6o. How ever, he grafted pluckily,and at one time had made up a bit of ground, but when the two leaders started to race in ear nest he was soon distanced. There was, however,-a good struggle between Doyle and Blackwell in the last lap. The latter, who had been acting as pace? maker during the whole of the race, went away with a rush when the last lap. was announced and though at one time hard pressed by Doyle wasnever caught, winning comfortably by about so yards. 'The proceedings were wound up by a ball in the evening. 