THE SOCIALISM OF CHRIS TIANITY. II.-CHRIST AND THE CHURCH. [By the Rev. Jas. Jefferis. LL.D.1 Tbe word 'church' is used by me in its broadest meaning. I ask you to understand by it the organised assembly of meu aud women drawn together by the attractive power of religion. And my contention is that whatever socialism has achieved ia its divinest moments touching a brotherhood of men founded on religion is muoh more amply pro vided for by Christianity. In no aspect of it is modern socialism weaker than when dealing with the powerful sentiment or passion of religion, which has been so important a factor in the world's progress. It lives in and for the passing life, quickened by no instincts, caring for no duties that link the soul of man to the Invisible. The socialistic religion is said to be 'not a narrow personal concern between the individual and his Maker, but a social concern between humanity and its destiny.' But in other days under other leaders very different conceptions were framed and uttered. St. Simon, who may be regarded as the founder of socialism, appealed to religi- ous enthusiasm. He declared his conviction that social progress was impossible without Christianity, pure and primitive, working hand in hand with science. 'Sire,' he wrote to the King of France, ' the fundamental prin- ciples of Christianity require men to regard each other as brothers. Religion ought to direct society towards the great end of ameliorating, as rapidly as possible, the con- dition of the working people." Cabet, a wise and good socialist who practised what he preached, declared that " community of goods was proclaimed by Jesus Christ, by all the apostles and early disciples, by the primitive Church, by the Reformation, and by all the philosophers who have been the light and glory of men." Robert Owen founded a socialistic church in London, and sent forth apostles to preach with the words of St. Paul for their text — ' Unless ye work ye shall not eat.' Proudhon declared that as social morality progressed the Divine law would be recognised and obeyed — "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." But when we come to the more recent teachers it is different. Lassale hated, not only Christianity but religion. He looked on it as " the opium of nations." But I know not where in the whole realm of literature it would be possible to find such hatred to Christianity as is to be found in some of the weekly freethought papers pub- lished in most of the great English cities. These scandalous productions, avowedly socialistic, have earned the disgust and con- tempt of all true social reformers. Their creed is not socialism proper, it is not com- munism in its broad and philanthropic aspect, it is religious nihilism in its most revolting shape. They join blasphemy to malignancy, and obscenity to both. Leaving out of sight this 'Corruptio pessimi,' I will endeavor to give you the views held by advanced socialists as I have been able to gather them from trustworthy literature. They exclude the possibility of a revelation. They especially reject the notion of a broken bond between God and man, which religion is to restore. There is no sin as we understand sin. Knowledge is not only to enlighten, but save. Human nature is perfectly capable of working out its own redemption. Religion is a matter of feeling, not of reason. The more enthusiastic among them are hoping for agreement by and bye on some theory of life that will explain the mystery of it and satisfy their highest intelli- gence. Whether the idea of immortality will be included in it they do not know, but they anticipate that when the socialistic system has been in full operation we shall live joyously and die happily. The longing for immortality will disappear. We shall drain a full beaker and quench our thirst without any wish for water from the mythical fountain that springs up to everlasting life. The most noteworthy attempt within the last half-century to construct and define a religion upon a socialistic basis is to be found in the positive philosophy of Auguste Compte. In his 'Social Science' he reviews the vari- ous stages of religious growth, and deliberately gives as the highest of all possible religions the 'worship of humanity.' He regards the collective life of human beings as having an existence apart from that of individual men, an organism, in short, something like that I described in my last lecture as one of the conceptions of socialism. This collective life he declares is the Supreme Being, the only one we can know, and therefore the only one we can worship. To aid in propagating the new faith he organised his disciples into a fellowship, constructed a calendar of humanity, in which he inserted the names of the greatest men, appointing days on which their memory is to be silently revered, and the Supreme Being, 'collective humanity,' adored. As you may imagine, this ghastly phantom could not long: hold the reverence and the service of men. When last I heard of the religion of the positive philosophy its cultus was followed by less than a dozen worshippers, who met in some obscure corner of London. Not upon this basis, but upon others more or less rational, we have heard of attempts to found churches of the socialistic faith in the larger cities of England and Australia — unions of men meeting together to satisfy their lawful craving for religious worship. Am I wrong in saying that the whole thing has been a melancholy failure? Look at the efforts made in Sydney, e.g., to unite religiously the men calling themselves men of free thought. The basis of union is certainly free enough. It is an association of those who think as they like upon the subject of religion. Theists, Atheists, Agnostics, Materialists, Buddhists, are all admissible to the happy family. The chief bond of union is antagonism to the Christian faith. The doctrines promulgated are wholly secular. But how have they succeeded? Where are their associative homes ? Where the evidence of their brotherhood ? What the nature of their worship? What the result of their labors? Their fortunes rise and fall with tbe coming and going of single men who have the gift ot plausible, or eloquent, or vituperative speech. Their perpetual divisions and alienations are far greater and more serious than those which may be traced to ordinary human infirmities. They have no real bond of union. Self-love always repels when it is not kept in check by Divine charity, and these after a while, have been repelled from one another, as though each had been touched with the negative pole of some spiritual magnet. And as to their worship it has degenerated (I judge from their advertisements) into stage music more or less classical, and stage singing almost) wholly secular, with the not infrequent addition of the comic element. Con trast this with the churches of Christ. There is more attractive cohesive force, more of the sacred power which knits heart to heart and life to life, in many a single Christian fellowship, than there is in the whole of the secular associations of Australia. The brotherhood of humanity upon the socialistic basis has utterly failed. Let us now turn to Christianity and see for our selves, what have been it aims, what its efforts, what spirit has been displayed, what methods have been adopted ? Go back with me to the beginning. In the lifetime of the Divine Founder of our religion, He gathered disciples, called them brethren, formed them into a fellow ship. He was not only a teacher of certain dis tinctive truths about religion, He was the head of a religious society. He instituted a com munity or system of communities to which all his followers were to belong. It was not an association of men to advocate certain opinions, or to engage in some profitable enterprise. It was a brotherhood of which all were brethren. The union which Plato longed after in his re- public, whioh Lycurgus vainly sought to realise in Sparta, which Gautama partially succeeded in realising in India, was com menced by Christ and has been perpetuated in the Christian Church. The parting words of the Master enjoined the twelve to 'make disciples of all the nations, consecrating them in the sacred came of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' His aim was to bind together all His followers, in all the ages, by the ties of sympathy, attachment, love. 'A new com mandment give I unto you, that ye love one another.' In the brief records of the planting of Christianity which have come down to us there is ample evidence that the apostles of Christ endeavored most earnestly to carry out tbe parting commands of their Lord. What true hearted Socialist, anxious for the' brother hood of humanity,' can read without emotion the touching story of the founding of the first Christian community or church. Under the mighty impulse of love, complete self-sacrific ing, they flung to the winds every teaching of political economy, and which forbad or seemed to forbid the union of souls. ' And the multitude of them which believed were of one heart, of one soul, and not one of them said that aught of the things which be possessed was his own, but they had all things common. Neither was there among them any that lacked. For as many as were possessors of lands and houses sold them and brought the prices of the things that were sold and laid them at the apostles' feet." 'Liberty, fraternity, equality,' here you have them, not as created by State enactments, which indeed never could have produced them, but as the voluntary outcome of the true socialism of our nature under the sacred inspiration of the love of Christ). Listen to Ernest Renan, the French freethinker, author of the 'Life of Jesus.' "Although Jesus would not have given utterance to any of those com munistic axioms, certain it is that a remiscia tion of the goods of this world and a giving of alms carried so far as even a despoiling of self, was entirely comformable to the spirit of His preaching. The remembrance cf those two or three first years rested upon the disciples like that of a terrestrial paradise, which Christianity will henceforth pursue in all its dreams, and to which it will endeavor to return in vain." Surely Renan was right in this interpretation of the spirit of Christianity. If under the sublime enthu siasm of this new-found love (a thing new and strange), the followers of Christ gave up their several properties, 'had all things common,'and it was not by the Master's law, it was not even by apostolic ordinance. It was simply at the behest of the generous feeling which has again and again been repeated in tbe history of the church. Though not a law for all, it is the duty of some, at the Master's bidding, to ' sell all that they have and give to to the poor.' Let us honor the disciples for their noble communism. The state of the world in their day presented some justification. Then, as now, the inequalities of human con dition were very great. There was splendid wealth. There was bitter and degrading poverty. The fibres of society were stretched, as our own are, to the cracking point. When the followers of Jesus were drawn together into a community, it seemed to them a duty that would admit of no compromise to render halp to those who were in need. Love was the constraining power, and charity, which is its outward manifestation, became the charac teristic of the Christian churches. So marked was this, that as soon as organisation was established and necessary officers appointed for the administration of the church's affairs, the highest name of all, alter the apostle, was given to the ofiieer who attended to the church's charities. The episcopos, or bishop, as the president of the general assembly, reeeived the offerings of his fellow members and distributed them to the poor. This higher socialism, this practical human brotherhood, has never been wanting in the churches. While abandoning (save in those monastic and celibate institutions which oatne in from the false philosophy of the East) — while abandoning the communism which destroys the higher elements of every society in which it is retained, the Church of Christ has been marked throughout its history by the outgoings of a true and self-denying charity. Under every form of self-government that has been adopted, in connection with all strange aberrations of intellect in doctrine, the love that finds expression in almsgiving and in self-devoted work for the needy, has been continuously displayed. Much of this, no doubt, has been weak, much of it has been wasteful, some of it has tended to destroy the self-help, which is the dignity of men, but everywhere, throughout all ohe churches, in all the ages, Christian charity has abounded. I know a Christian of this colony who last year gave £25,000 in world-wide beneficence. In the first centuries tbe cordial brotherly love of the Christians struck the heathen with as tonishment. ' Behold,' they said, 'how these Christians love one another.' At every weekly service in some churches, and every monthly meeting in others, collections were made to which every member contributed accord ing to his ability for the sick, and poor, and aged, for widows and orphans, and those who were in prison for the faith. Nor was this help confined to those 'who were within the pale of the church. Christian charity was often a wide-spread philanthropy. In the year 254 a desolating epidemic raged through the civilised world, and especially in the cities of North Africa. The heathen at Carthage, terrified by fear of infection, cast their sick into the streets, and left the dead unburied. Cyprian, the bishop, assembled his church and exhorted them as genuine Christians to love their enemies and persecutors, and over come evil by good. The Christians responded by dividing the work among them. Some gave money, others gave their personal labor, and in a short time the dead received burial, and Carthage was rescued from tbe danger of a general pestilence. You will tell me no doubt that looking to the history and present condition of the Christian Church the higher aims of socialism have not been realised, that the 'brotherhood' is wanting, that 'liberty, fraternity, equality' are wanting, that the very name church brings with it the idea of a vast hierarchy with a subordination of rank. You will say that you see the head of one church arrayed in purple and exercising authority practically uncontrolled. You will say that in another you find power claimed and con ceded more akin to that of a monarchy than of a republic or a democracy. You will say further that in the remaining sects, while there is a great difference of adminis tration, the clergy for the most part form a class distinct from the laity, aud that the com mon suffrage rights which belong to disciples as members of one family are seldom enjoyed. And how can I help sharing in the wonder ? It is indeed sad enough, as well as surprising, that after 18 centuries we are where we are to-day. But, as I think of it, my wonder is even greater that with the divine idea of the church so imperfectly realised in our human organisations there is po much of the true social spirit, so much of the loving work which can be wrought only by means of it. Look at the patient, self-denying service rendered by the sisterhoods of the Papal and Protestant churches, the innumer able institutions reared by Christian charity and conducted by Christian men. See how the Christianity of our era, divided, alas, into sections, and too often moving at some word of supreme command, is yet going out among the toiling, suffering masses to rescue and elevate. Show me your philanthropy without Christianity, and I will show you a hundred-fold more philan thropy wrought by means of Christianity. And while holding myself very definite views about the government of the Christian Church, holding,- e.g., with Archbishop Whately that the apostles established " a great number of distinct and independent communities, each governed by its own single bishop. . . . owing no submission to the rulers of any other church, or to any central common authority except the apostles themselves," I do not forget that liberty may be found under forms that seem hostile to it and may be wanting under forms that seem favor able to it. Certainly there are some claims that ought never to be con ceded, since they are absolutely opposed to primary instincts and the Christian teaching. For the truth's sake and for very shame we who are freemen in politics ought to re fuse submission to any power in the church demanding unquestioning obedience. My contention now and always is that to men of the British race, Saxon or Celtic, an autocracy in the church ought to be as in tolerable as an autocracy in the State. But under all their different Governments, even to the most centralised, the churches of Christ are able to furnish, and do furnish, true Christian brotherhoods. The Christian spirit is at work in all. The Christian fellow ship is manifest in all. For myself I claim kinship with the disciples of Christ, dead and living, of all the creeds. The external develop ment of the church has varied with the races, the nations, the civilisation, the philosophy of the people among whom it has been estab lished. But there is a unity in spite of all differences. The Church of Christ is one, because it has shown in all its varying branches that it is animated by the true social spirit after which the secular socialism has striven in vain. If the true brotherhood has as yet been but imperfectly displayed it is due to human infirmities and not to the Divine original. And the spirit of Christ has gone out into all the world far beyond the bounds of our several communions. This is the faith that saves, the faith that works by love — love purged of selfishness, centred in Christ, broadened upon others. Who lives for himself ? O life ignoble ! Who gathers for himself the wealth of this world ? O sorry passion ! Be advised : be entreated ; be changed ; live for others. Bear the burden of others. Enter your name on the master roll of that great army whose leader is Christ, whose ensign is the Cross, whose battle is with the sin and sorrow of the world. He has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never call retreat, He is sifting out the hearts of men before His judgment seat ; O be swift, my soul, to answer Him ; be jubilant my feet. Illiteracy in the United States is very pre valent. Of 47,413,559 persons in the United States above the age of 10, 6,324,702, or over 13 per cent., were classed ia the last census as illiterates. The great majority were colored people. 