..St. Ambrose Concert. SThe members of the committee along as well as the energetic secretaries of the above concert are indeed to be highly complimented on ithe manner in which they organized a concert to raise funds to support the coming bazassar in connec tion' with the church. There was an overflowing audience, who were not slow in showing their appreciation of the many good items that appealed on.the programme,given by really distinguished artists. An immense number of tickets must have undoubtedly been sold and bj malyrttv..e tdci sntre' wat no tiw the fact that many made purchases of admission cards for the express purpose of hearing such talented artists as Miss Lolla Miranda. Messrs Stockwell, Blascheck and D'Arcy Irvine. Shortly after eight o'clock, proceedings conm menced with a solo and shores, " Adeste Fideles," by the Chocir, which serve the dual purpose of introducing the amuse ment ot the evening, as wallas showing the capabilities of members, who have greatly improved lately. Miss O'Connor who is deservedly popular as a singer gave, " For all Eternity," and met with a good reception; whilst Mr. E. Ceomber gave a good rendition of a ballad entitled, "The Mighty Deep." Miss Lalln Miranda followed with a song entitled, " Dear Bird of Witter," which was received with an ovation o,f applause, and responded with an encore. Mr. T. Watson was in good voice for his song, " Hear the Wild Winds Blow," and narrowly escaped an encore; whilst a song entitled, " Whisper and I shall hear," by Mrs. Turner, was sweetly sang, and received a well deserved applause. Mr. H. Stockwell sang, " The Sailor's Grave," in a masterly manner. His style was free and not at all stagey, he als, re sponding toan encore. Mr. J. R. Dutn sang " Anchored," a song that is always welcomed in a pleasing manner. A duet by Miss M'iranda and Mr. Stockwell, entitled, "A Night in 'Venice"' was swieetly given, both voices blending harmoniously together. The first part of the programme concluded with a recitation entitled, " Tommy on Ghosts," by Mr. J. Binscheck, which was vivid in the extreme. A quartette entitled, " Good night, Beloved," by Mrs. Turner,- Miss O'Connor, and Messrs J. B. Little and J. R Dunn was excellently rendered1 recitation entitled " Lascar," by Miss' Aimee Moore was humorously recited, and in response to prolonged applause, ehe gave " Fairies." The appearance of Mliss Lalla Miranda on the stage was a signal for applause, and in her pretty song, " The Last Rose of. Summer" she fairly charmed -the audience, and was vociferously received. Her sweet voice and distinct 'delivery stamped this young lady as a vocalist of considerable ability. As an encore she sang " This and That," and was again loudly applauded. 'Mr. T. Mcore had to re-appear for his rendition of "The Skipper" and in response sang, "Ora Pro Nobis." Miss O'Connor richly deserved the applause received for the rendering of the song, " M'aid of Athens," and Mr. H.. Stockwell also responded to an encore for his rendi tion of " Come into the Garden Msaud." A duet, ' Oft ia the stilly night," by Mrs. Turner and Mr. Moore created a very favourable' impression, and the programme concluded with a recitation by-Mr. J. Blascheck, entitled, "The street Arab's story," which caused cor tinuous laughter and sent the audience away:in'good humour. M:ss O'Grady and Mr: Irvine acted as accompanists in a satisfactory manner; whilst Mr. E. Goomber was equally successful as musical director. Messrs T. P. Kelly anid J. P. T. O'Meara, the joint hon secs., carried out their duties in a creditable manne'. 