S Author of "The On-Runner, a Romance of Zulu lud," "fS R l nS'lo" 'Twe ow an d Fire," " Through the SZuol Country: Its Battlallds nd its People," etc. CHAPTER XXIII.-FoLLowmno THE CLUE. It takes a little time to get used to sleep. ing out in the open,,and on the hard ground. WThe latter the novice is apt to find hard in deed. Theeo.is .always that refractory lump or stone just under the hip bone,' and by the time he has removed this, or shifted his poail tion, he only settles down to find two similar sources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid he will tllhhi of snakes, if :nervous he will be momentarily imagining some cold, creeping thing crawling over his ear or sneaking inside the legs of his trousers. Add to this the novelty of the situation, and the hundred and one varying voices of the night, which combine to keep him awake, and it follows that however alluring to the embryo traveller may be the prospect of " oamping out," the reality is less pleasant S-till he gets used to it. Renehaw, remarking that their late for midable visitant needn't have wished them good-night quite so loudly, rolled him self in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But Sollon, being new to this kind of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of the little inconveniences above de. tailed, and passed a most uncomfortable and restless night. The howling of the hyenas, mingling with the shriller "yap ' of the hunting jackal-sounded continuous-then, just as he was dropping off into a doze, the loud " baugh 1 baugh I of a troop of baboons on the mountain side, started him wide awake again, his first impression being that their late visitor was prowling around, in tent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. Twice, indeed, he did hear that thundrous, muffled roar, which once heard is so unmis takable, but it was in the far distance. On the whole, therefore, all unrested as he was, he felt anything but sorry when his com. panion, looking out from under his blanket, stared at the stars, then leisurely sat up. "By Jove! I've been envying you," growled Sellon. " You've been sleeping like a log, and I've hardly closed my eyes all -night." "Not, eLi? Ah, I forgot you're not usneed to this sort of thing. You soon will be, 'though. Turn in again a little longer while -I brew the coffee." "Coffee ! Why, man, it isn't daylight 'yet." "No, butina few minutes it will be. However, you lie still. Try and snatch another hour's sleep. I'll see to every. thing." He was as good as his word. When Sellon awoke-not in another hour, but rather more thantwo- the sun was already up, but his comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor. were the horses. There was the coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and somebisouit. Having absorbed a steaming -oun or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt better. A double report sounded from some way Ialong the river bank then and there. In ke enty minutes Renshaw returned. :'?I've been marketing," he said, turning half-a-dozen ring doves out of his pocket. -"These little jokers are not half bad when grilled on the coals, and they don't take long to cook. Io.night will be the last time we can make a fire, until we find ourselves here again-that is, if we come back this way." " Well, I shall go and get a swim," said Maurice, jumping up and stretching him '-_-lf. "A swim? hold hard. Where will you g get it ?" "In theriver, of course," was the as toieshed answer. But Renshaw shook his head. " You'd better not try it, Sellon. It isn't safe." "Why Alligator ?" "Yes. You can't go into deep water. But there's shallow a little way up, where you can have a good splash. It's only a matter of a few inches if you keep close to the bank -and you must keep close to it, too. I've been in'.myself this morning-and, by the same token, it's the last chance of tubbing we shallget.. I'll go as far as the rise and point you out the place. Half an hone later Sellon returned, rein vigorated by his bath and clamoring for breakfast. The birds had' been plucked and spread upon the embers, split open, spatcheook fashion, and when ready afforded our tra vellers a toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. " We sha'n't do our thirty miles to-day," said Renshaw, as they rode along. "We started too' late. But that won't greatly matter. We have plenty of time, and it's better to keep the horses fresh than to rush them through." "So it is. But, I say, this place is like the -Umtirara Valley, minus the bush and the greenness." It was. As they rode on, the desolate wilderness of the defile increased. Rocky slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the usual clif formation cleaving the sky- line. Boulders large and small studded the val ley, lying like so many houses on the hill sides or piled up in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along the line of march. Of animal life there was little enough. Hero and there an armor-plated tortoise stalking solemnly among the stones, or a large bird of prey circling overhead-but of game, no augn.. As the sun mounted higher and higher, pouring his rays into the defile as though focussed through a burning glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. "This is s awful," he growled, for the fiftieth time, mopping his steaming face. "Is it going to be like this all the way?" "It may be. But we shall, have to do "'ibast of our moving rb6titiat night. We can take it easy now and off-saddle, and trek on again towards sundown. Until we actually begin our search, I know the ground by heart. Come, now, Belton, you meat keep up your determination. It's beastly trying, I know, for an unseasoned chap; but think of the end." ",I believe I'll get a sunstroke first," was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung him self wearily on the ground. S"Not a bit of it. Here, have a drop of liquor-but you'd better take it weak, or it'll do more harm than good." And, getting out a pannikin, Renahaw poured in a little of the contents of his flask, judiclously dilut ing it from the water-skin slung across the packhorse. This water-skin, by the way, was an in genions contrivance of his own, and of which he was not a little proud. Like its Eastern prototype-upon whichb it was modelled-it oanslsted of a good-sized Angorakid-oneof the legs serving for a spont. " Not a bad dodge, oh 2" acquiesced Ren shaw, in response to his companion's re mark. "The water has a leathery taste, I .dmit, but it's better than none at all. Ihit upon the idea when I first began these expe ditions. Something of the kind was abso. lutely essential. Trekking with waggons you carry the ordinary vaatje (a small, drum shapod keg), slung between the wheels, but it's aninconvenient thing to load up on a horse-in fact, the second attempt I made the concern got loose and rolled the whole way down a mountain sielde-of course, splintering to atoms. Besides, this thlng holds more and keeps the water cooler. I same near dying of thirst that time, being .three nights and two days without a drop of (390) anything ; for this is a mighty dry country, I needn't tell you." " What it the whole yarn should turn out b moonshine after all ?" said Sellon, with the P deepondenoy of a thoroughly exhausted man. ?'T?iera'e one thing about it that looks fishy. S How could what's his name-Greenway- wounded as he was, fetch your place in two or three days? Why; it'lljtake us nearly a u t week to do it-if not qu . t " That very thing struck me at firsts" said Renshaw, quietly shredding up a piece of Boer tobacco. " My impression is, he didn't " come baok the sanme way as he went. You it see, he knew the. country thoroughly. He h may have taken a short out and come it straight over the mountains. For I'm pretty d sure the way we are taking is an altogether n round about one." 0 " Then, why couldn't the fellow have told you the shorter one, instead of sending us b round three sides of the square ?" tl " That's soon explained. In the first place, this way is easier to find, the land. marks more unmistakable, and the travelling r better. In the second, you must remember g, the poor old chap was at his last gasp. nu It's a good thing for you, Sellon, that a' he was, for if he had only lived hi half an hour longer- even a quarter-he'd have given fuller detaels, and I should have ri found the place long ago. Look how dis. rc jointed the last part of his story is-just the be main outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. di I tell you, it was quite pitiable to see the 8sl manful effort lie made to keep up until he at had said his say." go Later in the afternoon, the heat having of somewhat abated, they resumed their way, w which grew at every mile more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding di round a spur, only to find a succession of 0O similar spurs further on. Then the sun went of off the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing th succeeded. Renshaw, leading the way, held to steadily on, for there was light enough from oe the great sparkling canopy above to enable of them to more than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. e "Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if you re see anything," said Renshaw at last. ht "See anything? Why, no. Stop a bit, re though," shading his eyes. " Yes. This los Infernal valley has come to an end. There's rh a big precipice bang ahead of us. We can't it get any further." kr "Not, eh Well, now, look to the left." its Sellon obeyed. At right angles to the valley they had been ascending, and.which wl here opened out into a wide basin, barred in pr front by the cliff referred to, ran another tu similar defile. I "There it is," continued Renshaw, in a ag satisfied tone. "That's the 'long poort' tw mentioned by Greenway-and," pointing to the right-" there are the ' two kloofs." an It was even as he said. The sltuatlon corresponded exactly. be "We'll go into camp now," said Ren- p. shaw., " Let's see what you'll think of my 'hotel.' I.. .. ..lti suing, Renshaw led the way -up a slight atn acclivity. A number of boulders lay strewn he, around in a kind of natural stonehenge. In the midst was a circular depression, contain- atr a ga litle water, the remnantof the last rain " Look there," he went on, pointing out a nit smoke-blackened patch against the rock. an "That's my old fireplace. Our blaze will be b quite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, y that is. So now we'll set to work and make ourselves snug." th Until hebecame too fatigued to suffer his mind to dwell upon anything but his own discomfort, Sellon had been cudgelling his eli brains to solve the mystery of the resasol. ba tated document, but in vain. He was almost inclined at last to attribute its abstraction and So recovery to the agency of the dead adven turer's ghost. ov But the solution of the mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be leftin be the darkness of perplexity by reason of the we part he played in the matter, the reader does sit not. So we may briefly refer to an.incident At which, unknown to the former, had occurred ha on the evening of Renshaw's return to his Te most uninviting home. we He had been very vexed over the French mt leave taken by his retainer, as we have seen. But, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the latter's consort, reckoning the IR time had come for playing the trump card, an produced a dirty roll of paper. Handing it wi to her master, she recommended him to take are care of it in future. we Renshaw's surprise as he recognised its sal identity was something to witness-almost the as great as Sellon's. He had been going frc about all these weeks, thinking the record of on his precious secret as secure as ever, and all TI the while it was in the dubious care of a en' slovenly old Koranna woman. oal But on the subject of how it came into her foi possession old Ksatje was reticent. She rei had taken care of it while the Baas was sick 11 -and, but for her it might have been lost ho beyond recovery. More than this he could tie not extract-except an earnest recommen- coi dation to look after it better in the future. However, its propitiatory object was aocom- frc plished, and hoe could not do otherwise than thi pardon the defaulting Dirk, on the spot. rot The fact was, she had witnessed the thi stranger's doubtful proceedings and having no her suspicions had determined to watch him. its When she saw him deliberately steal her master's cherished "charm," she thought ve it was time to interfere. She had accord- ft ingly crept up to the open window and reft ne the paper out of Sellon's hand-as we have ms seen. .p So poor old Greenway's ghost may rest ag absolved in the matter, likewise the Enemy of manaind and the preternaturally ascom. ca plished baboon. And, although she did not an state as much, the fact was that the Koranna ate woman had intended to return the document Ti upon Renehaw's recovery, but hadrefrained, on seeing him about to take his departure in company with the stranue Bass, who she dis- Oc trusted, and not without good reason. en ad CHAPTER XXIV.--Ti Two TURRiTr HEaPs. to "Hurrah! The scent is getting warm," an cried Sellon, as winding round a spur they came into fall view ofa huge coffooee.aonister shaped mountain. ls It was the end of the third day's trek. oli Making an early start from the snag camp- or ing place where we last .aw them, they had pushed steadily on until the heat of the day nl became too oppressive. Then after a long ar rest they had resumed their march, and now it was evening. ar "Yea, but it'll have to get warmer still to Il be of much use," replied Renshaw. "Look! mI There's the other turret-head." th High aloft, rising from behind the elope of us the first, a great "elbow" ot cliff started into be view. lThen a turn o1 the road once more so hid it from sight. all "There are the two rfrefred to by poor old Oresonay," said Renshbaw. "The third, the l smaller one, lies beyond them to the north west." . "Eh. Then, whyon earth are we golugin slap the opposite direction ?'1 ye For the " poort" they had been threading uI here came to an abrupt termination, splitting th off into a gradually ascending kloof on each I a side of the first of the two great mouitains. f Without a ioment's hesitation Renehawhad I taken the left-hand one-heading indeed southwesterly. " You can't get anywhere by the other way, Sellon. Nothing but blind alleys i ending in a krantz." I Half an hour or so of rough uphill B travelling and they halted on a grassy nek. And now the two great mountains stood forth right against their line of march. Risingup, each in a steep, unbroken grassy slope, they I could not have been less than 3,000ft. from the valley which girgled their base like the i trench of an old Roman encampment. The , crest of each was belted around by a smooth a perpendicular wall of cliff about a third of I the height of the mountain itself, gleaming t bronze red in the shimmering glow, barred here and there with livid perpendioular t streaks, showing where a colony of aasvogels had found a nesting place, possibly from time immemorial, among the ledges and crannies upon its inaccessible face. " By Jove!" cried Sellon, as, after a few t minu:es'. halt, they rode along the hillside opposite to and beneath the two majestic giants. "By Jove, but I never saw such an extraordinary formation I Some of those turret heads we passed on our way down to Selwood's were quaint enough-butc these t beat anything. Why, they're as like as two peas. And-the size of them. I say, though, t what a view of the country we should get from the top." - -^ . "Should I Yes, if we could only reach It. But we can't. The krantz is just as impracticable all 'ound as on this side. I tried t the only place that looked like a way, one. It's round at the back of the second one. f There's a narrow rooky fissure all trailing I t with maidenhair-fern-masses and masses of I it. Well, I suppose I climbed a couple of a hundred feet, and had to give up. Moreover, e it took me the best part of the day to come down again, for it I hada't called all my I nerve into play, and patience, too, it would only have taken a fraction of a second-and -the fraction of every bone in my anatomy. No. Those summits will never be trodden I by mortal foot-unless some fellow lands there in a balloon, that is." An hour of further riding, and they had reached the extreme end of the second 1 gigantic turret. Here again was a nek, con necting the base of the latter with the rugged i and broken ridgeson the left. Hitherto they had been ascending by an easy gradient. d 1 Now Renshaw, striking off abruptly to the right, led the way olhhquely down a steep v rocky declivity. Steeper and steeper it t became till the riders deemed it advisable to dismount and lead. Slipping, scrambling, I sliding among the loose stones, the staunch v steeds stumbled on. Even the pack-horse, a game little Basuto pony, appointed to that fcifice by reason of his extra sure-footedness, was within an ace of coming to grief more than once, while Sellon's larger steed actually did turn a complete somersault, luckily with out sustaining any injury, but causing his owner to bless his stars he was on his feet at the time. The second great turret-head, foreshortened against the sky, now disap- t peared, shut back from view by the steep fall c of the ground." t "WWe have touched bottom at ast," said ] Renshaw, as, to the unspeakable relief of the [ residue of the party-equine no less than human- comparatively level ground was i reached. But the place they were" now in t looked like nothmg so much as a dry stony u river-bed. Barely a hundred yardsln width, L it was shut in on either side by gloomy r krantzes, sheering up almost from the level b itself." " What a ghastly hole !" said Maurice, S whom the dismal aspect of the gorge de. I pressed. "How much. further are these in tunnel-like infernos going to last, Fanning? p I swear it felt like a glimpse of daylight p again, whenwe were riding up there past the two canister-headed gentry just now." "Ilshouldn'thave thought you were such sl animaginative chap, Sellon." . "Well,you see, this everlasting feeling of o: being shut in is dismal work. Beastly de- T pressing, don't you know." tl " Yon;must make up your mind to It a little longer. There's a water-hole aboutan:m hour from here, and there we'll off-saddle and lie by for a snooze. By the way, it's dry m here, isn't it t" hi "Ghastly I It looks like a place where a fc stream should be running, too."' "Well, I've seen such a roaring, racing, it mountainous torrent galloping down here that there wasn't foothold for man or beast anywhere between these krantzes. By the bye, you may devoutly pray that there's no rain during the next few days. A thunder storm in the mountains higher up would set the whole of this place humming with water." tr The sun had left them, and the grey dead 0' silence of the savage defile seemed to echo di back the tones of their voices and the clink di of the horses' hoofs with abnormal colearness. & Sellon eyed the grim rock walls towering it over their heads, and growled: " Well, it's a beastly place, as I said before. And talking about water, that's the ae worst of this country-you always have C either not enough, or else too much of it. ao All the same, I'm glad to hear we shall soon at have some to dilute our grog with to-night. B, Tiis rattling over stones is dry and throaty h4 work, and the water in your leathern thing must have touched boiing point by now. is What's the row " re The last came in a quick, startled tone. of Renshaw had suddenly slid from his saddle, pi and was picking up some of the large stones w which lay in such plentiful profusion. As he arose from this occupation a great rolhng, o writhing shape became apparent upon a sandepit barely a dozen yards off. Up went hi the hideous head into the air, waving to and cc fro above the great heaving coil, and the a cruel eyes scintillated with a baleful fire. di The horses backed and shied in alarm, p, snorting violently. Shorter and shorter be- w came the movements of the head, and the forking tongue protruded as the formidable e reptile emitted a blood-curdling hiss. ec Maurice Sellon felt himself shuddering with h, horror and repulsion as he gazed for the first m time upon the glistening, check-patterned ooils of a large python. Whizz ! Whack! The stone launched as from Renshaw's practised hand just grazed tt the tRwaving neck, knooking splinters from the T rook behind. With another appalling hiss, he the oreature, its head still aloft, began to uncoil, as if with the object of rushing upon itsantagonist. Whack! With unerring aim, with the velocity of a catapult, the second stone cam u full in contact with the muscular writhing it neck. The frightful head dropped as if by t magic, and the great scaly coils heaved and sprawled about on the sand in a dying ti agony. w "Broken his neck," said Renshaw, w oautiousaly approaching the expiring reptile, re and letting into him with the remaining stones he heldin his left hand. "Python. Twelve feet if he's an inch." "Good old shot! Firetrate! " cried MIan- a rice, enthusiastically. " I say,old chap, I t envy you. A great wriggling brute like that la makes me sick to look at him. Pah I" he te added, with a shudder. i "Look out for hismate," said Renashaw, remounting. " Pythons often go in couples. And I am sorry to say there area good muany a snakes about here." tl "Baugh! Ban-augh !" it The loud sonorous bark echoed forth in at startling suddenness among the overhanging m aliffs. But it didn't seem to come from high , overhead. It sounded almost in their pat. " Iaboons I" said Renshaw. "They fc nmust bhe all roundour waterhole. Thcrothey at are. No-on no aeount fire." A The poort here widened out. Grassy elopes E arose to the base of the ocliffs. In the centre a lay a rocky pool whose placid surfaco glittered hi mirror-like in the gloaming. But between oc this and the horsemencwas a crowd of dark te unconth shapes. Again that loud warning l bark sounded forth-this time overhead, but so near that it struck upon the human car as a almost menacing. "Babhona, eh?" said Sollon, catcling sight of the brutes. "I'mgoingto charge them." T Renahaw smiled quietly to himself. ft "Charge away," heaaid. "But whatever se you do don't fire a shot. It may bring down tI upon us a very different sort of obstruction di than a ulompJo of bavisane, and then this ol undertaking is one more added to the list of B failures, even if we get out with whole skips." But Maurice hardly heard him to the end, as spurring up his horse he dashed straight at the troop of baboons. The latter for their kind were abnormally large. There might have been about three score of the great un gainly brutes, squatting around on the rocks which overhung" the pool. As the horseman galloped up they could be 1 seen baring their tusks, grinning angrily. But theydid not move. Sollon had not bargained for this. The treat apes, suanatted together, showing an unmoved front to the aggressor, looked sufficiently formidable, not to say threaten- 1 ing. Sellon's pace slowed down to a walk I before he got within sixty yards of them. Then he halted and sat stying irresolutely at the hideous beasts. Still theyshowed no sort of disposition to give way. For a few moments both parties stood thus eyeing each other. All of a sudden, led by about a dozen of the largest, the whole troop of hairymonsters came shambline forward-gibberin - and gnashing their great tusks in unpleasantly suggestive fashion. A second more and Sellon would have turned tail and fled ignominiously when- Whizz ! Whack-whack I whack ! A per. feat shower of sharp stones came pelting into the thick of the ugly crowd' with the swift ness and accuracy of a 'Winchester rifle, knocking out eyes, battering hairy limbs, playing havoc among them like a charge of grape-shot. With yells of pain and terror the brutes turned and fled, scampering up the rocks in all directions. Renshaw, guessing the turn events were likely to take, had quietly dismounted, and, filling his hands and pockets with stones, had advanced to the support of his now discom fited friend. "Thosebrutes don't understand us quite," he said, after the roar of laughter evoked by this sudden turn in the tide of affairs had subsided. "Oue shot would have sent them seampering, but we dared not fire it. They are not used to the human form divine in this wilderness, but they won't forget that both bardment in a hurry." " By Jingo, no. Fancy being obstructed by a herd of monkeys. All the same, old chap, they did lookugly sitting there champ ing their tusks at one like that." "So they did. Now we'll let our horses drink, and then adjourn to our sleeping. place. We mustn't camp too near the water, because the krantzes swarm with tigers (leopards), to say nothing of worse I cattle, who mr.ight interfere with us if we kept them from their nightly drink. And we can't light a fire to-night." (ITO E CONTINUED.) 