POLITICAL KERNELS. Hornonow is not a political Colonel now, Heir Hardie, labour Mf.P. in the House of Commons, brought down thle House in a recent debate by referring to the bhirth of an heir to the Duke and .Duchess of York as "an everyday occurrence." Sir Henry Parkes says that'the institutions of the country are not safe in the hands of some of the new Ministers. If he refers to the institution of land grabbing he is quito right. Hitchins and ShadIer, the freetrade candidates at Braidwood, have been engaged in a newspaper war. It promises to become something worse judging by this extract from a letter in the Dispatch with Mr. Hitchins' name attached. It is addressed to Mr. Shadier. Mr. Hitclins refers to him in the letter as Adolph Cresar Shadier, Esq., J.P.:-" If you really mean whalt you say, that is, not to be afraid to strike you if I think I have even the ghost (Caesar's ghost, I presume) of a show', nothing would give me greater pleasure (if you will make it a straight-out challenge) than to beautify your classic features. Just name the place, day, and time and I shall be most happy to accommodate you-British fashion of course-none of your German student fashion for me, Mr. Schnieder." Mr. Josiah Thomas, M.P. for Alma in ae knowledging a tribute paid him said he regarded it as one of the highest Ihonours he had in his life tobe esteemed worthy to be a local preacher in the Wesleyan Church. There was a great amount of poverty and distress, and he thought it the duty of the church to take an interest in politics and seek a remedy. Some put it down to drink, but a great part of it was also due to land monopoly. It had been said that God was visiting the people for their iniquities; but never had there been more bountiful harvests than of late years, and if only a few reaped, they should not blame God, but bad legislation. Tihe union of Burrowa and Murrumburrah under the new Electoral Act does not promise -to be a happy one. A squabble has already arisen, and at the last meeting of the Murrumburrah Council the following resolution was carried unanimously : " That a letter be written to the Chief Electoral Officer and presented by Mr. Slattery, complaining of the action of the returning-officer in sending deputy returoing-officers to Murrsunburrah and IIarden from Burrows when capable men, willing to accept the appointment, could have been found here." Says a Sydney paper :-In the early days of his Parliamentary career the present Maoriland I're mier, Seddon, was styled and lcted up to the name of " Silent Dick." A Government bill was opposed by a small party of stonoewallers, and each of the Itter was told off to talk for ai four hours' shift. When Seddon's turn came it was a matter of much speculation whether he would be able to talk for the required time. But ho rose to the occasion. " Mr. Speaker," said he, " if this bill becomes law it will affect the electors most materially. I beg leave to read the names of my constituents whom tlhis bill will peculiarly affect." Drawing an electoral roll from his pocket he began to read the electors' names in rotation, ualding a comument on each. He hadn't half finished the list at the call of time. " The House of Lords must go. It must go al gether. It must vanish like smoke, leaving not a trsce or a relic of any sort behind it. "We do not want a second Chamber. What we, the people, decide must become law at once, without the pos sibility of veto on any hand. The peerage is doomed. We will end it, not mond it. One man one vote ; one woman one vote. No distinction of class; no distinction of sex. One vote, one value." -Grant Allen. Stlop are being taken at Braidwood to present Mr. Austin Chapman, M.P., with a testimonial in recognition of his services as Parliamentary repro sentative of the electorate. Mr. Chapman's majority was the best recognition. IMr. G. T. C. Miller, Cooma's choico, is to be presented with a solid mark of esteem. Over £14 was collected at the meeting at which the project was initiated. WVe would suggest the presontation of a handsomely-bound copy of George " l'rotco tion or Frce Trade." 