THE PHANTOM HOBSEMAH. A . TALE 0 TASMANIA. Bv C.H.G. Tnero are more things in heaven and earth) Horatio, than are dreams of in your philo sophy.— Shakspearv. 1 may prefaoo tbo following true story by boliof in tbo supernatural. Spirits— unless In a liquid sUto— I reckon but tho myths of tbonupomliUons; spirltuallum I estimate na arrant humbug, nnd tiioai- callcd supernatural appearnucen and extraordinary "manifesta tions" of which wo hoar ro mnoh moroly tho natural result of trickory iroposing i upon montal weakness. I firmly bcliove that all tho singular phono mono produood .by mediums, clairvoyants, thuught-readers, ct hoe gram 0 wine, aro tho outcome of human tatfonuity or jugglery, and may bo readily occouutod for by those who dip deeply into soiontifio lore, or who may hnppun to bo expert professors ol tho art of legerdemain. So great Indeed ia my contempt for tho ghostly fra ternity that I would as Hof sleep in a church yard M in a hotel, were it not for tho inconvenience which would undoubtedly bo caused by tlio hardness of n tomb- stone for a pillow ; and fool sure that no rospootnblo ghost would resent my in trusion.into tho neighborhood of his prison- Bnt l nui, of oourso, - open to convlo Hon. Spirits I am proparod to bolioro in just eo soon as tbey will consent to givo' over euoh sohoolboy prank aa rap ping tablo legs, clashing musical inatrumenta, etc-, nod will vqjunteor to do oia&thtag; osof a! to humanity, each, for In- stanco, as to give a bftcd-up'presnman the etralght tip for the noxt Melbourne Cup. An amiablo and well trained bona fido gho-t might be made xtromely oaefo! ia many way. On tho ataff of Tiin Hkiuud, for examplo, audi an acquisition would bo worth nntold gold— woold, ia foot, provo a mino of woalth worth half u dozen Coolgardics. Fanoy being ablo, by spirit oxprosn, to givo a conplo of eoluma of illustrate I description of tbe wreck of tho Alert half an hoar aftor— or for tho matter of that, half on hour boforo— it happened, with a fnll lilt of tho.tnon' name and thoir photographs 1 Or, to givo tho full scoros of our boys' cricket matches in Lnxland boforo thoy were played. From a utilitarian point, of vlow it is evident tho denizens of spirit l&nt;), if thoy really existed, should command every success in thoir ovortnros to mortals, instead of whiob thoyhnvoonly oontrivod hitherto torn tkethem- ficlvcBoxtromolyrtdlouloofland untrustworthy. If, as 1 said bofore, ono of thorn will givo me the Gup tip 1 will promise with my winnings to found a " Spirits' Rotroat " somowboro in Bouverio street, and nndortako to provide the poor porturbod spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, 'tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw tbo Phantom Horseman. Tho titlo is a purely fanciful ono, asforroaions abovo skated, I no moro beliovo that ho was a phantom than I beliovo in tho libels written about Australian pronunciation. Tho thru was, appropriately enough, ' midnight. It was pitohy dark, and inky thunderclouds ooveredtho firmament and huug over tbe earth liko a fonoral pall. A fitting timo and night Indeed for tho perambulations of unoarthly visitants, yot I was younir, tired, aud hungry, and my only thought was to get homo to a comfortable fire and aomothing to oat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts nevor entered my head. I was riding homowdrda from a oouotry hooso known as 11 Tho Bond" (not tho Yorra Bond, inorodulous render) situated on the North Eak river. Tho latono-a of tbo hour, and tlio tbrcatoning storm Induood mo ' to argo my horno to 0 hand gallop, and just aa I turaod into a narrow lano about a milo from homo the storm burst In all its fury. And it was furious I Torronts of rain descended— ouch drop Boomed a bucketful; poala of thunder succeeded each othor with startiiagand deafen ing rapidity, and flash aftor flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot a few aoonnds lit up tho scene and rendered every objoot as plainly visible aa at midday. The lano I was riding in was a very narrow footpath— so narrow that in 'galloping along my foot brushed against tho gorso Lodges on either sido of mo. Thsro was no room for even a shocp to pass my horso in tho lano ; of that I am certain. In faot it' was not onco in six months that anybody over rodo along the path ; it was (meroly Intended for foot passengers, aad 1 bad onty riddon into it in thohopoofgotting homo by tho ncaror way in timo to avoid a drenching. About half way up tho luno a flash of lightning moro vivid than usual lit up thn econo, and to my horror it ehowod mo another boreomon a fow pacos in front of mo, also riding at full gallop, and coming from tho plaoo to whioh I was making. Tbo lightning's flash enabled mo to soo everything oloarly.Thoman wasmonntodon a grey horse, and was droasod in a light groy tweed suit, folt hat pressed down over his oyes, and top boots. Ho had no ovorooat, bat a oomfortor of soma kind wrappod round big throat. Tbe fooling of horror I experienced was not be oause of any superstitious foar, bat simply baoauso I took bono and rider to bo oomposcit of ilosh, blood and bono, liko myself and my atced, and know that under tho oir- oamotdocos a collision was inovllabio. Wo woro only a couplo of iongtha apart, both riding at a gallop, nnd thoro was not tho - slightest possibility of passing oaoh other or of pulUug npourhorsos. Wo wero as certain to run into each other as tho Campordown into tho Victoria when Admiral Tryon gavo his fatal order. I invalnutarlly shut tny oyos ood awaited, tbo shook. A couple of seconds suspenso and nothing happening, I opened themagaln. Another flash of lightning came, and lo ! my horseman had disappeared, and I oould boo right up the straight lano to tho wlilto gato at tho end. I pulled up, turnod round and at tbe next flash looked book whonoo I had oome. The laue was ompty, nor was thoro any. sign of living thing inthe fields on either eldo of tho gorao hedge. Well, ! rodo on homo in a stato of simple bowlldormont. Tho horsoman most havo called at tho hooso in order to get tho koy of tho gato leading into tho lane, bat enquiry thoro only intensified tho mystory, as no , 0110 had oallod sinoo I loft flvo hours provioosly. and tho gate was, as uana), soouroly padlookod lor tho lano was a privato one and "no thoroughfare " to tho gonorai publio. Thou I bdgan to. think I had at last soon a roal livo ghost. ' uraoouE. Tiio following Ib an extract from tbe " Lanncsiton Examiner," dated a few days after tho'ovout above rocorded . "Tho body of a man which has not yet booh identified was found on the Nile road, abont a mllo from the North Eak rivor on Thursday last. Deceased was d rowed in a light grey twoed suit, Crimean shirt, folt hat, and had on a pair of Wellington . hoots, A groy horso, branded J n noar shoulder was found crazing near tho spot with saddlo and hridio on, and tbo animal was subsequently olaimod by Mr , of Evondale, llvery-stablo keeper. Mr ' ntatos .that tho deceased .gentleman hired tho horso the provious ovonlog, etatlng that he wished to rldo to Launccaton in oMer to catch a Boat leaving for Molbourno early in tho morning. From marks on tho body of tho dooeased it is supposed that ho was killed bf lightning daring the violent storm of the pnviu sight As toquNt will be held." 