HIGHLAND COUSINS. A NOVEL. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Princess of Thule," "MacLeod of Dare," &c.;, &c.; [Published 'by special arrangement with the author. . All rights reserved.] Chapter 1KLIV.—Asphodels and Gowans. When thci servant-lass Sarah appeared at the door of Mr.. MeFadyen's office and announced that Miss Jiissie Maclean had called and had been shown -into the parlor the councillor be trayed an instant alarm. " Dod bless,my sotd !" he exclaimed, heed less of the presence of his clerk. " Without thfe least intimation! Is everything- trim, woman ? Is everything redd-up and_ respect - able ?" Then h e remembered something—and - his vexation brcike forth in vicious terms. "Ye stupid idjit, hour long is it since I was telling ye about the curtains and the sofa-cover!— how long is it sinice I bade ye take them off and send them to Perth to be cleaned ? But no— no!" he continued, as he hastily passed his hands over his topmost and scant locks of hair. " Never a thing done ! All ye'rc fit for is to stand glowering! And what on earth are ye glowering at now ? It doesna occur to ye to whip off and bring' in some tea ? Ye never heard of such a thing as tea, I suppose? Ye never saw a teapot, I'll be bound ! A great, ' glowering baggage—a g Teat, glowering, staring, open-mouthed gowk—" \ But while the coun cillor was excitedly and angrily dusting his coat-collar with his silk" pocket-handkerchief,, ' Sarah the servant-lass , had with much ' equanimity turned away a.nd betaken herself to ; the kitchen. In her own language she "never fashed her heid about sa daft man." If tea had to be prepared huiTV was the most likely thing to spoil it. Ana the parlor was just as tidy as it ordinarily '• was; if anyone wanted it better notice should have been sent. ■ ' . . But the town councillor was far from being waspish and truculent when he passed through from his office to the dwelling-house part of the premises. He welcomed his unexpected visitor with quite an excess of courtesy and gay gal lantry ; until Jess, who was of a, sample and straightforward turn of mind, rather put ' these unnecessary professions aside. «' "Mr. McFadyen," said she, regarding him with her grey eyes, "I want you to tell me: are you hiding anything from us ? Is the case . against Barbara more serious than Mr. Grant and you would have us believe ? Why has he nothing for us but vague assurances that mean I nothing at all ? I do not object to your [ saying little to Allan Henderson—poor Allan! you see he's very'childish and per verse in some ways; he does not understand— and will not understand he has but the one ', mood just now—a fuming impatience that . they should be so long in setting Barbara free ; and when she is set free—well, then,, I should not be surprised if he took a thick stick in his hand and marched straight. down to the haberdasher's shop and broke the stick over McLennan's shoulders. It would be just like Allan—he is that unreasoning and masterful —he thinks that justice should be done some how——" _ " Na, na, but not that way !" cried the coun cillor anxiously. "We've had enough of . cells and charges and prosecutions; I tell ye I never get a glimpse o' the court-house' but a shiver runs down my back. I'll be thankful for the time when we can look on the whole o' this as an old story—half forgotten " But Jess was not to be put off. "Mr. McFadyen," said she, "what were the things that the police took away when they went up with McLennan's man to search through Barbara's boxes and drawers ?" " Oh, well," said Peter evasively, "a few articles—the Procurator Fiscal has them in charge and they are all sealed and labelled. Of course Mr. Grant has the fight of access to them—no mistake about that—he is entitled to see the productions as they are called; but what I maintain is that, as the accused's agent, he ought to have access to the precognitions aa well. For I would ask ye this, continued Ma, McFadyen, gaining in. breath and in impor> ance, "how are ye to meet a charge unless -m;' know particularly and in every point what the ^ charge is ? The information that her Majesty 3 Advocate, the Right Honorable John Blair Balfour, puts into the indictment is precious little ; as a friend of the prisoner I want to see what evidence is going to be led—and I maiiv . tain that is what the law should allow me. Hpwever, we can make a bit of a guess hers . and there; and these things ye speak of they can help too—there's the red parasol, for" example " ; "Yes, the red parasol2" Jess repeated rruickly. „ .... , , " Well," said Air. McFadyen, after a: moment's hesitation, " they may be trying to make some idle story about that too; but . your cousin declares that she paid for- it—and that she remembers, for you gave her the money." "I did," said Jess—and for the briefest second she looked utterly dismayed. But the. next instant she'had pulled herself together.. " And—and if I did—why not ?' she demanded,, with pale lips. "It was before she was married " . "That's just it," returned the_ councillor,. whose pride of knowledge was leading him into disclosures. " Mebbe they will be trying to show that at that time she had no money to afford such things." "Butiflhad!—if I had 1" exclaimed Jess, who had recovered from her temporary trepi- . dation. " Barbara knew well enough where to come; she would not think of hesitating; my purse was hers; there was the money for the parasol, or for anything else she wished; always ready for her " "I'm sure of that—I'm sure of that," said McFadyen. "And no doubt Mr. Grant will be , giving you a hint what_ questions he will ask of you at the trial—if the prosecution should chance 'to take that line and if you ' should be wanted. And you must not worry yourself or be anxious, Miss Jessie ; pre cognitions or no precognitions, we'll do our best-^—" There was a tapping at the door; the large, rubicund, gooseberry-eyed servant- lass ap peared , and ushered in another visitor—it was the schoolmaster. " I was told you had come here," said he to. Jess, forgetting to make any apology for the interruption. "And—and I have but a few minutes. , Will you read this?" , He put a telegram into her hand. These were the •words she found before her— " Good-bye. Not able to write.—Alec." "You see I have no alternative," the school master continued hurriedly. "I must go through to Glasgow at once; there is just time for me to catch the train. Only I wanted to ■ say a word to you; Jessie " "Will you let me walk to the station with you, Allan?" she responded promptly. "Then you can tell roe on the way what it is you want of me." ." Will you do that?" said he. "Ay, but you were ever and always the good- hearted one !" Jess nodded a friendly farewell to the coun cillor, and the next minute she and Allan were passing quickly along the harbor-front, eon versing in low tones, their eyes occasionally glancing towards the clock at the railway-' station. Yetit was no elaborate request he. had to make ; it wae merely that she should seek the earliest opportunity of gaining an ■ interview with Barbara and explain to her. why he had been thus hastily summoned away. Also, would Jess do what she could to lighten the burden of this inexplicable imprisonment? But he knew she would do that—she could not help it, he said to her—it' was in her nature. She accompanied him along the platform, where the guard was urging the last of the passengers into the carriages. .As Allan stepped into a third-class , compartment he suddenly paused for a moment and began to' search one pocket after another. " You have forgotten your pipe," said she. She saw that her surmise was true; and in another second she was off and'.down the plat form to the tobacconist's stall, where she was able, being known to the lad • in charge, to pounce without question or delay on a wooden pipe and a packet of bird's-eye*. "When she returned to the carriage the train was already in motion* She handed her parting gifts in at the window. '' And you'll look after Barbara ?' said he. j " That will I," she answered, "as well as I! can." And she waited until the slow-moving string of carriages had crawled round She curve and was bidden from sight. _ \ This was the afternoon train for the south; and by the time it had panted and shrieked and thundered its way inland by the shores of Loch Etive and through the Pass of Brander • the wide, silvery-rippling, and glancing waters of Loch Awe had begun to assume a slightly golden hue, rendered all the more brilliant by being visible through the pendulous branches of the birch trees. As the evening drew' on. there was up by GlenDoehart and Glen Ogle a yet warmer light shining along the shoulders and peaks of the lonely mountains; later still, ■ the dark Loch Lubnaig, down in its hollow, had a touch of crimson among the purples and greys that crept into the trembling reeds; and still later, the brawling Lenv, the widening Teith, the smooth-flowing Allan Water caught here and there, from the overhanging heavens, a glimmer of saffron and rose-red fire. And then, as he_ left behind liiin the last of the Highland hills and Stirling rock; and as he got further and further down into the Lowland plains, then "the sun set, and all the ways were overshadowedand when he got into Glasgow town a pervading blue-grey mist had filled the thoroughfares and the gaslampswere being lighted. _He did not stay to secure any lodging for himself, he made straight for the address he had brought with him ; he entered tho dusky "close"'and ascended the sombre stone stair. He rapped at a door and was referred to a floor above. Arrived there he-, rapped again • and an old vvomaivappeared, bearing a candle —for now it was practically night. " I am Allan Henderson," he said, fearm g to ;-question. . "Well, well, indec-d," said the ancient; name .in ah accent that sounded friendly to his ear, \- " he'll be glad to see vou—wake as lie is, poor lad. Many's was the time he was speak-.ug ot yon—av, will you come in now—and _ 1101 nick, mich noise, in case he is sleeping ■ He followed her into the lobby, tak me his cap into his hand; and then after a moment 01 two of surveillance he entered the room she indicated. The eyes of the sick mai i—which were singularly largo and clear and 1 ustrous lighted up with pleasure; a worn, smne ot welcome appeared on the white aval sunken cheeks. The old woman brought forwaui a chair; but Allan went to the bedsio c and took liis friend's hand and remained star iding. "Alec, lad, this is not right—this is not what ought to be," he said. " What have they been doing to yon in this great town . we'll have to get you away to Colonsay, alter a]l !J • "Bit down, old chap," said tlae other in a laboring and husky voice. ''And do not burden your soul with lies, Alkm ; you never were good at it; and you neve:: were a good actor either. You must see I'ra dying. \v hat about that? Sit down and let's have a bit ot a friendly confab as in the old days. 1 sent; ye a silly cry, man, ye should ha re paid no heed to it " , . , . , , „ "Come, come, now," All;in lnterrupteci, as he took the chair that was c lose by. " I'll not have ye talk in that fashion. I should not wonder if your own instinct was the best guide after all—that ye should be off to have a look at the seas and the clouds about Colonsay-— "No, no," Mac-Neil said quietly. "I*16 long pantomime's corn nig_ to an end. The pantomime, with ifci demons and c\il chances, its hopes and adventures its sham and shimmer of love business even; all coming to an end, and what one is waiting for is the transform-ltion scene. And after? For a second he glanced with a. curious look at his friend. But in tliose strangely brilliant . eyes there was no. sort of delirium, nor any trace of agitation or apprehension; what little life was left him was burning away quite clearly, peacefully, complacently. Nay, there was even a frctiL touch of humor about the pallid lips as Vie continued—"Mind, it may stand well with me that I have always been respectful about the older deities. I remem bered Baudelaire. Heine was vnsa too. ' Mcnsch, wspotte nicht den Teujcl— but maybe that's carrying prudence to an extreme. Anyhow, I.'ve always held the great old gods in [high respect, and wlio knows, when 1 go below, tbey may let me wander through the twilight in a harmless kind of way, looking at the ghosts. The lieavy-browed Homer for one—if he's still blind I could lead him about, man !—and Ulvsses, still thinking and dream ing about Sicily—and Achilles sure To be weeping and bemoaning himself rather be the slave of the meanest hind on earth i,han the lord of all the phantom-dead. But Nausicaa, now, what do you say, Allan, if one ■were to come anywhere withm sight, ot her playing with her maidens—well, 1 think 1 might have cheek enough to step forward. I don't think I could help it. 'Madam, I would say to her, as humbly as she might wish, ' Madam, I am but a poor Scotch student; and -yet if yon would permit me, I would bke ' to stand by the stream and bring you back the ball, when it eliances to fall in.' Allan, lad, what color is the asphodel ?' ■ . , . The schoolmaster, startled out of a rev erie, . could not say—he muttered'something about the bog asphodel of this country being a small . spiked flower of a yellow color. "The asphodel down there must be purple i to suit the twilight,;' Alec MacNeil went on, garrulous even in his huskiness and perhaps too much rejoiced over this visit of his old chum. "Purple—ay—-and. tall and. lily-like ffor the huge Orion to go crashing through the meadows, after the wild beasts. But, Allan, -tell me this now; is't not likely supposing i were to gather a handful of the asphodels a whole handful of purple asphodels—do ye not think I would be ready enough to_ give the lot of them in exchange for just one single gowan —a gowan found away up on Cathkm Braes —in the white light of a May morning? Man do ye remember how white the mornings ■ were—Sunday mornings mostly—away out by Cathkin and Kilbrvde and Eaglesham ?—ay, and not to be despised eitlier, tbe other morn •ings, when we could take a turn nearer at Timid—out by Maryhill- or that vroy—before coming back for Kennedy and bis high Oxford sing-song—up Maryhill way—do ye remember the farmhouse — and the glimpses of the Argyllshire hills far out in the west—and the fancy that the tops of them were looking across to Jura, and Colonsay, and the Atlantic W'The watchful old grandmother came sidling : up behind the schoolmaster's chair and said m a whisper— . „. , "Check him, sir—eheck him; .or hell be bringing on the cough again." Allan held up his hand. "Well I remember," he said; well ire member the white mornings—and Cathkin \- Braes—and many a silver gowan and yellow buttercup. But, ye see, Alee, fine things of Jhat kiud are rather exciting to think of—and ' -you've done talking enough now ' - _ ' " You're not going—after a mere minute or two!" the sick man exclaimed pantingly and ^"Nay^'l'll stay with ye for awhile—until vour grandmother puts me out maybe," Allan rejoined; "but it's I must do the talking now, and I'll tell you all about my small affairs and adventures since the time I went to Dun tr°And this he did—for a good half-hour or more, and in a blithe and lightsome fashion v the better to interest :and amuse this friend of olddavs. What terrible conviction may hlave lain lurking behind all this assumed cheerful ness was for his own heart alone. (To be continued.) 