GATHERED RUE. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. CHAPTER III. STOBM WHACK. Br ELLEHTON GAT, Author of "Drifting under the Southern Cross," *' AcroBB the Gulf," &o.; A still louder olap of thunder, followed by ^tremendous crash of a tree struok by lightning and a sulphurous smell, made even those Moustomed to the violence of a tropioal storm •tart and tremble. " Wisha, wisha !" oried the eimple- minded Irish woman-servant, unoonaciouely wringing ' a towel in her hands, as she rushed in from the adjoining bedroom, where she had been putting down the mosquito nets round the bedB. "Oh, 'm sure it's the end of the worruld ! The Blessed Saints presarve us this night! There's a banshee waiting on the verandah; sure it's death to as all it manes. Oh, Jesus an' •' Mary watoh over us!" she added with extreme fervour as another olap shook the ' alight bouse and reverberated round the slab chimneys. "It will soon be over,' Johanna, said Mrs. Tremayne, "it is too violent to last long. .Don't be frightened. As for your banshee, • "VypU'beard the wind whistling through the : areepefa of the verandah, I auspeoc." ."I beard it just then, too," said Olga timidly, "and I think it must be a ghost—or something." "I heard something," Mora ohimed in, liskeniug intently mb the door ; " but I think U was only one of the pet lambs. I shall go •ad see." .' "Stay here, Mora," said Mrs. TAmayne, "Ihear a ory too. I think, as you sly, it is one of die young lambs." "I shut them up myself, mother, when I ' (aid them," said Olga with ohattering teeth. " I am perfeotly sure they oould not have got oiit. ^ " Well, 'if it is not one of the pet lambs I must go and see what it is." Mrs. Tnmayne went into the adjoining room, whioh also opened on the verandah at the end from whioh the ory oame. She was closely followed by both girls and Johanna, the latter with her faoe buried in the towel with whioh she had been wbiisking away themosqnitoe from under the mete by way of protection against the banshees. The ory was stilled and in the pitoh darkness there was nothing to be seen. They all -stood expeotant for the noxt flash of lightning. It oame very quiokly, lasting a moment, and > leaving them blinded by its glare and deafened u by - the thunder that followed; but the interval of brightness had been of suffioient •• duration to reveal the pr«>senoe of an unusual object whioh appeared to be pushed as far out of the storm as any one standing outsideoould have managed. It waa under the shelter of the verandah, and was soaroely reaohed by \- the driving rain. Just then a hopeless, plaintive ory came from the bundle,^nd Mrs. Tremayne, with no other thought than that it was some young creature adopted and th«n forgotten by Kvelyn, dragged the bundle (or whatever it , should prove to be) into the sitting-room and ' into the light of the lamps. The oafcer husk provsd to be a few smooth •trips of oinnamon-hued baric roughly interwoven with withes of the monkey vine into -aame semblance of a basket, whioh almost closed over an infant,. whose faoe was «learly visible from under its wrappings of •' .torn blue blanket. " Holy Vargin I" ejaculated the astonished but somewhat reassured Johanna, "whoever aaw She likes! I have heard tell of raining natsan'dogs, but new-born babes falling from the clouds bates Bannagher! It's just a live ..k'underbolt. Will I be afther putting it out- . ride again. Mrs. Tremayne? Sure there's wmething onoanny about the oraytura, so there is!" At this moment the ohQd, who had been pacified by the movement and the lights, oom- . nenoed to ory onoe more. " Xt is hungry," said little Mora with the leciston of a spoilt child; "give it some bread tnd jam, Johanna, and then give it to me to play with. I will have it instead of ttolly that's broken and doesn't ory any more now." • " Sun, Miss Mora, it isn't a rale babby aft ill, at all," said Johanna, whose doubts togan to revive as she oonsidered the supernatural appearanoe of the little visitant, "it 11 wither away like smoke when the storm iiovst" " Don't talk nonsense, Johanna," said Mrs. Tremayne severely ; " bnng the milk and sugar from the other end of the room and some warm water. I dare say that in the jog left from Abater Evelyn's tea is hot enough." With nlnotant hands Mrs. Tremayne lifted the wailing infant from its rough neat, where it bad been lying on a bed of the grey liohen, -rJuuiYm saolloqui ally as"old man's beard." While the two girls stood gazing at the unexpected "visitor with wide eyes of astonishment, she •proceeded with unaccustomed hands to sweeten some milk, and fed it to the infant with a spoon. It was obviously hungry, and took the food with avidity. " If it did not come down from the skies with tbe funder, where did it oome from at , all?" asked Johanna wonderingly, as she held the cup for her mistress and watched the milk 'disappear in a very human and practical manner down the baby's throat. " There isn't a babby on the whole of Oondalla under six months ttld, and not one expected." ' Mrs. Tremayne waa silent. She, too, was exeroised in her mind as to where the tiny , waif could possibly have oome tram in the midst of such a severe .storm and not even wet, for although the blanket glistened with large drops they had scarcely penetrated through it. : Evelyn name into the room and watched with astonishment the strange performance . that his mother was going through. He was soon informed of all there was to tell. " Perhaps this accounts for the hawkers being in such a hurry this evening," he remarked with native shrewdness; "they thought they might get rid of a trouble by leaving it on your hands. Is there any clue ?" bis added, examining the rough cradle. "This might have been out one mile off or a hundred ; it might have been made by a black - fallow or a white man. I don't think any- : body oould tell whioh; but itisn't a black child ' anyway. The blacks would not forsake one of their own, though they might have stolen this and left it here." " I have not thought of looking as its clothes," said Mrs. Tremayne, laying the Infant in her lap and examining the nature of -its ooverine. which proved to be a long length of ooana, soft, white muslin, such *s is used for puggarees. It was just as it may have com* from the manufactory, and bore no etitoh nor mark as an indication of itB .origin. With Johanna's assistance Mrs. Tremayne commenced to unwrap several yards of the staff, whioh had evidently been rolled on with dne regard to the oomfort of the wearer^ until the plump red body of an infant, apparently six or sight weeks old, was discovered. Round its ohest a fold of muslin was sewn with clumsy stitches. Within the fold lay a piece of paper on, whioh Mrs. Tremayne, holding it at arm's lengtb to get it within focus of ber long-sighted eyes, read with mingled feelings:— "Madom, I am a pore girl, I oarnt bring up -your granohild as she should be brung up, if your son was home I am sure he wood agree to What I've done, it's oney justice, I don't not blame Mr. Basil, Mrs. Tremain, I am oney a poor girl, her name is Margaret, my respects to you, Madom." The writing was on blue-lined paper, evidently a leaf torn from an exercise book, and the writing was in printed capitals in faded ink, such as poor people make in their little dried up ink jars with the addition of .water and vinegar. If Mrs. Tremayne had hot been taken so entirely by surprise she Would fain hav« kept tbe contents of this paper secret, but Olgaand Evelyn had mastered its large writing sooner than she had herself, as ahe quiokly disoovered by a glanoe at their perplexed faces. "Can I have it to play with now?" said Mora, breaking in on the' painful silence. "No. no, dear," replied Mrs. Tremayne ibsently; " certainly not." " Is it Basil's?" asked Mora, remembering the usual reason given for anything she was not allowed to touoh. The blood eurged into Mrs. Tremayne's brain as the words she had read became innre vivid in their meaning by the child's words than they had been at first. Basil V child ! She had a strong impulse to strain it passionately to her heart, for was not the least of hie belongings dear and sacred to her. How tnuoh more, then, this creature that was flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone. But the mother! Who could this illiterate "pore girl" be? Who ever she might be she had abandoned the child. Perhaps, though, it was all false, a deception »t up by some wicked woman who knew Sasil was not there to refute the acousation. " Bring the other lamp this end, Johanna," •he said hurriedly as she peered into the child's small faoe for confirmation of the truth of the girl's story. Yes, it was true, it was Basil's face that looked with wide, dark eyes at the bright light; there were his peculiarly marked eyebrows in miniature, his firm mouth and square jaw. As muoh as ever the unformed features of an infant oan resemble those of a man this child resembled her adored son. "The little toad likes the light," said Johanna delightedly, gurgling and orowing to the infant. " Law'm she's just the dead likeness of Mr. Basil when he was that size." As Johanna could neither read nor write and could not therefore have gathered the contents of the paper, Mpa. Tremayne took this ss an unexpected confirmation. "The brunt of the storm is now over, Bvelyn, go out and see what damage has been done. Olga and Mora, you mu«t go to bed. Johanna, bring a small bath and some warm water to my room." Her orders were obeyed by all with the usual promptitude. Olga, with precocious understanding, elucidated to Mora the mystery of the appearance of the baby while they were undressing. Mora's memory in after years dimly reourred to the inoidents of the storm, and Olga's explanation beoame clear to her; though at the time she only understood that she could not have the baby to play with, as it belonged in some way to Basil, like his books and collections of treasured trifles whioh she— indulged in all else—had been forbidden to meddle with. With her own hands Mrs. Tremayne washed the ohild and dressed it in old garments that she kept by her to give away as oocasion demanded, and laid it gently in an improvised cot by her own bedside, with everything that oould be wanted during the night, refusing Johanna's well- meant offers to look after the ohild, ' Evelyn brought baok word from the manager, Morgan, that ther9 had not been sufficient rain to bring the creek down "a banker," consequently the new dam for whioh they had trembled was safe ; the tree struok by lightning bad been a great gumtree by the pigstyes, which had killed one pig in falling; and a ohitnney of one of the huts had been struok without doing further damage. " We may find in the morning that some of the horses have been struck, Morgan says, but that won't matter so much as the dam iB safe," said Evelyn, then oontinuing with a nervous rush, " you—you don't mean to keep that ohild do you, mother ; I don't believe that Basil knows anything about it, at any rate you will write and ask him." " I shall certainly keep it," aaid his mother, " and I forbid you or any one else to mention anything about it to Basil. I shall be up early to-morrow, you can have Grey Monarch saddled for me at 6 o'clock." The next morning it was found that the same tree that had wrecked the pigstye in falling had knocked down several panels of the three-railed fence of the horse paddook, and the horses had all made their escape in the night; so that it was late in the morning before a horse oould be oaught and saddled for Mrs. Tremayne. She rejected Evelyn's offer to accompany her. and rode off in the direotion of tbe Long Waterhole. Of oourse the hawker's oamp had been broken up many btra^s, but her practised eye soon pioked up their trail from where their fire had been made, and she followed it up at her bast speed towards Boobygan, but without notioing that a trail also went in the direction of Grass Plains. A few hours hard riding were nothing to her, and she soon oame in sight of the springoart slowly trailing aoross the plain. Jemima in a man's hat and coat rode astride one of the horses, driving two poor beasts ahead as before. Bill was carefully hidden within the oart as Mrs. Tremayne oame up with them. " Morning, mum,"said Jemima, with rough courtesy. " My word, that wa? a stonfi last night. Goliy, I was olean frightened of it! Itll start the grass a-growing, won't it, mum ? Bill, does the lady want anything in our way to-day?" Thus addressed, Bill seemed to become suddenly cognizant of the lady's apDroach, and pulled the cart to a standstill off the track. "Good morning," said Mrs. Tremayne; "have you any muslin like this ?" She pulled a piece from her saddle pouch whioh she had out from the baby's wrappings. "Sorry to say I haven't any here. We've got just the very sort, but it's all on the other oart that's gpne by Grsss Plains. Do you happen to want any tobaooo pouches or pipeB, gunpowder or caps, billies or pannikins, shears or knives" "I want a lcnife," said Mrs. Tremayne, breaking off Bill's voluble list of commodities, remembering Evelyn's necessity. "Here y'are 'm, beeyou-tiful knife, three bladeB, oorksorew, hoofaucker, tobaocostopper, toothpick, and naiRile, complete as they make 'em, only five bob, and just a handy size for a lady'." "That will do," said Mrs. Tremayne, absently. " You have no one else with you?" she asked, after looking attentively at the withered weather-beaten faoe of Jemima, and amongst the heterogeneous contents of the oart—" no, young woman ?" "Are you meaning Biddy Walsh, Miok Flannigan's shlip of a girl ?" said Bill, with a leer. " She's with the other oart, mum, and they've gone by Grass Plains." "Perhaps I do," said Mrs. Tremayne, quietly. "Do you think that I oould oome up with them this evening ?" "That you would not, mum," said Bill, positively; "for Miok, he's got the best of the horseflesh and will be travelling lighter than we be." "Is she a—a pretty-looking girl?" asked Mrs. Tremayne, ooldly. " Pretty is it! As pretty as paint: a faoe like a rose on her,"said Bill enthusiastically. "Miok has to keep a sharp eye on his stepdarter—for all the young men do be running after her like flies to a honey bag. Doesn't they, Jemima?" "Handsome is as handsome does," said Jemima derisively. "She's an artful piece, that's what ahe is." "Oome this way, my good woman," said Mrs. Tremayne, tendering a pound note for the knife and forgetting to take the ohange, and taking Jemima apart. " Has this Biddy Walsh, at you oall her, been this way before?" "She has, a matter of lesB than a year ago." * Has she had a baby lately?" " Law, yes'm, of oourse she had '." "And forsook it?" "Forsook it—oh, no; she just left it where it had good right to be." "That will do. No, I don't require anything more." Wheeling her horse hastily, Mrs. Tremayne oantered homewards, convinced that in Biddy Walsh she had found the mother of tbe infant that had been confided to her oharge, and determined that for Basil's sake she would keep it and do as best she oould for it. She would not follow the girl; for many reasons she hoped she might never see her. When she reaohed the head-station late in theafternoonsbefouudher daughter Katheriue lolling in a hammook on the verandah, with Olga and Mora waiting on her with tea and cakes. " What's all this I hear about a ohild of Basil's being dropped from the clouds on your doorstep, so to speak," Katherine cried out, after a pnrfunotory kins had been ooldly performed on both sides. "I have inspeoted the hideous little brat, and I am bound to say she carries hor parentage on her face. She's as like Basil as possible. Olga says there was a paper, [f you will give it to me I will ride into Berriberri to-morrow, and the polioe may be able to find the mother ; for, of course, you don't want to be bothered with it, and I suppose you oouldn't drown the thing— like a superfluous kitten or puppy—though I don't myself see why you shouldn't!" "I mean to keep the ohild,"said Mrs. Tremayne frigidly. " Ob, the model Basil!" sneered Catherine, "the paragon Of propriety, who was always so shooked at any harmless little frolio that I indulged in ! I shouldn't wonder if be wrote to say that nature and the woman are both liars, and that tbe ohild is none of his." " I beg that you will spare me these remarks on your brother, Kntherine,"said her mother, authoritatively. " My mind is madeup. When Basil returns it will be time enough to make him arbiter of the child's future. I shall not oommunicate the facts to him, and I desire you to be silent, too. You may now teil me of your Sydney trip." "There's nothing to tell," said Katherine, sullenly. " I went, and I had a good time, and I oame baok. Clifford is a little more disagreeable and eccentric than when I went away; that's all. Good-by." And nodding nonoha>antIy to her mother and giving Olga and Mora a careless pat, she mounted her horse and galloped off. CHAPTER, IV. BASIL'S HETOKN. Mrs. Tremayne entrusted the ohild to the care of Mary, an old black gin, who had wandered too far from her tribe ever to want to run away. She beoame inordinately attached to little Margaret, who throve exceedingly under ber care and the watchfulness of Mrs. Tremayne. Evelyn went to sohool in Sydney, and Olga was thirty miles off, at Moondaburra, with Mora, in charge oE a stern Englinh governess. They all spent moat of their holidays at Ooudalla, when it seemed ever to oome upon them as a surprise that the child was still there, for between their visits no word of her was mentioned in Mrs. Tremayne's letters, so she passed out of their memories. Tbe ohild was an enigma to Mr?. Tremayne; she could not satisfy herself whether she were more of a joy or shame to her ; whether it behoved her to love and cherish her for Basil's sake, or loathe and detest her as the wretched mother who had abandoned her. Between these emotions ber conduot to the child was wavering and uncertain, but little Margaret seemed always confident of a welcome in the arms of " Missis," as her old aboriginal nurse had taught her to call Mrs. Tremayne, and in her worst tempers and moods — when the likeness to Basil beaame most marked she would always submit to Missie, though to no one else. It seemed an especial delight to (Catherine to arouse the ohild's violence and then ineffectually try to ooax her to come to her ; but Margaret would never made friends with her, and cuffed and pommelled her with all her ohildieh strength to avoid Katharine's oooasional passionate oaresses. During the four years of Basil's absence there had been few other changes at Oondalla or in the neighbourhood. Oondalla had prospered under the oareful management of Mrs. Tremayne, advised and assisted by canny Daniel Kirby, Mora'B father. Kathnrine's behaviour had sobered somewhat from her earlier years, but her temper had become more bitter and her manners more brusque. Geoffrey Underwood still hung about Ekaterinska with more show of settled em- Dloyment as Craven beoame more and more incapacitated from aotive supervision; but the old deference of manner to Katherine waB no longer displayed, and instead of exercising the control over her actions that he onoe did there was ill-concealed hostility between them. The four years, whioh were to be tbe extreme limit of Basil's stay in England, had sufficed, not ODly to give him honour at his University, but a knowledge of the world and human nature. He had spent his vacations in travel, and had vastly enlarged his experiences, all of which were now to be used for the benefit of his colony and the advancement of its interests, not forgetting his own; for whioh purposes he was now on his way from Sydney, from whence he would be accompanied by Evelyn, whose more limited education was also oompleted. They might be expected at the station any day. Katherine had invited herself and her huBband to Oondalla to await her brother's arrival, and had driven over with an alarming amount of impedimenta, without which Craven protested it was impossible to move a yard from his water-bed and airpillows, which were doubtless necessary to his comfort, to his great telescope, his fretsaw and orochet needles, whioh certainly were not; everything had to come wish him. 0!&a;'s education was finished, too, and a stay in Sydney with some sohool-friends resulted in her engagement to a worthy young New South Wales squat ter—Allan Fielder— to whom she was shortly to be married. Daniel Kirby had also oome to receive Basil on his return, bringing with him Mora on a last visit before she went to school in Tasmania, where her father judged the more bracing olimate would be beneficial to her after outgrowing her strength. Breakfast was over, and Clifford Craven, propping his back against the slabs of the house under the verandah, and half supporting his weak limbs on his crutobes, was pointing out to Daniel Kirby, who walked sturdily up and down smoking his short black pipe, the enormous benefits the colonies were to derive from his latest soheme; whioh was to introduoe the cochineal insect to feed on the lands now left worse than useless through the encroachment of the prickly pear caotus. " You see, Kirby,'' he was saying in his languid, flat voioe, " we should charter a ship, say at.the CaDe ; plant all the spare places on the deok with the oaotus, then c&toh; the coccus cacti in great numbers, cover them over with especially constructed sieve-wire netting, and leave them in the sun and tbe air to luxuriate on their favourite diet all the voyage. Then we should let them loose on the distriots covered with priokly pear. Then all you have to do is to oolleot them in thousands and tens of thousands that their bodies may be converted into ooohineal." " What oapital do you propose, Craven ?" asked Kirby with twinkling eyee, " and how many shares will you give me for a square mile or two of Moondaburra which is oovered with prickly pear ?" " ( thought of making the Company 300,009 shares at a pound a share," replied Craven seriously ; "but as I see you are ready to fall in with my soheme. I shall be happy to arrange derails with you subsequently." " Stav!" said Kirby, as if stiuok with a sudden fear, " what do your store inseots feed on when there are no ripe purple pears ?" "I am sure I don't know," said Craven, rather taken abaok. "Perhaps we might make a sort of jam from the fruit when it is in season, and lay it about in saucers for them to feed from, as you feed bees with sugar and water." " I am sure the oolonieB of antB in the neighbourhood will much appreoiate the delicate attention if the cochineal don't," said Kirby. " I must look it up," said Craven dubiously ; "Katherine, bring me those seven volumes of Bellamy's 'Universal Etymology,' and the volumeof my Enovclopaedie,' bab' to 'feh:' and also bring me my woolwork—not the tapestry, but the footstool I am making for myself. I think I feel well enough to do a few rounds this morning. Olga and Mora, if you will wait I will teach you the stitoh. I have invented it myself. Katherine !" he called out as his wife with a contemptuous ourl of the lips rose slowly to fulfil his commands ; " the woolwork is in the oamphor trunk with my models, so pray be oareful how you turn the things ov»r." Daniel Kirby, with a sniff that implied something between disgust and amusement, did not wait for the resumption of the explanation of the ooohineal soheme, but took himself off to chat with the manager. Olga and Mora went into the garden to watch for the mailman, who might be expected to bring news of the travellers ; and Katherine, who seemed restless and excited, settled herself in the deep old sofa in the sitting-room with a book in her hand, which she made no pretenoe of reading. Mrs. _ Tremayne busied herself calmly in revising the list of stores to be ordered. " Mrs. Tremayne, tbev are coming, they are ooming !" cried Mora, running up the verandah as swiftly and as lightly as a swallow on the wing. " We saw the buggy the moment it oame through the trees, and I ran baok to tell you." Mrs. Tremayne with all her self-control turned white to the lips with exoess of joy, and clutohed at her throat a moment as she stood in the doorway with Margaret holding on to her skirts. "The return of the Prodigal Son," said Katherine, flinging her book violently down as a red spot mounted to her cheeks. " Kill the fatted oalf, everybody go forth and meet him, and bang garlands about his neck! Margaret, come here." " I won't," aaid the child with singularly emphatic dislike in her tone, " Youufcai'," said Katherine, drawing the child towards her not ungently. " Do you know it is dada who is coming presently? Dad a, do you hear? Say ' dada' this moment." " f won't,"said Margaret defiantly. "Katherine," said Mrs. Tremayne coldly, "you will oblige me by not teaching the child to say that." " Is it not the truth ?" said Katherine with an air of oalm reasonableness; "she ought to know it certainly." Mrs. Tremavne turned away in silent displeasure, and recovering from her momentary emotion busied herself io giving orders for the entertainment of the travellers. Little Margaret wandered off in searoh of her nurse, whispering over to herself the new word she had been taught. In a few minutes more every one had assembled to welcome home the youus master ; and the adoring mother, while ministering to both sons alike, marked tbe ohangee in her BRSII. At one time he had looked too tall and threatened to become ungainly, but he had now filled out until his height seemed deceptive, be wasBO well proportioned. His face was clear cut and dark ; hia eyes seemed to have the singular power of altering in colour and Bhape, so different did they look under different moods. He had become an adept at all exercise and games of skill, especially those where tbe victory lay between man and man, suoh as chess and fencing. He was quicktempered but slow to rouse, excessively proud and ultra-conservative. Giving his affections to few, but to them absolutely, aud with constanov and adoration. His faults might bs patent to others, but suoh as he was his mother found him perfect, and could nob have wished a line or a trait modified. Kvelyn was round-featured and fair, with easy eoing, lazv manners ; his mo»t marked characteristic seemed to bs a fondness for pets and animals of all sorts. One by one the friends and relations w«nt away, leaving mother and sons to their ta'k : all but Katherine, who obtusely declined to take the hints her husband gave and stood her ground. Even Evelyn hurried through his repast and left thein. Basil was leisurely finishing hie breakfast with the honeycomb hie mother wan pressing on his notice when the voice of little Margaret without talking to Evelyn attracted hia attention. " Hullo, a ohild !" he exolaimed with genuine surprise, " whose is it, mother?" Margaret with her UBual impetuous energy burst into the room, but seeine a stranger was struok with sudden shyness and ran to Tremayne. She was a swarthy child with large, dark eyes and long dark curls, but with no other beauty; dressed as she waB in red turkey twill she looked Oriental and picturesque. Her freedom with his mother amazt-d Basil. " Why, what child ie this?" he cried in an amused tone. " Come to me, little one." "Dada dadB.,"said Maigaret, attraoted, as children often are. by a voice that pleases them, and running to him she embraced his knees. "She's a wise child," said Katherine, exoitedly ; " a perfect marvel of wisdom! She knows her own father." " What do you mean ?" he said, turning to her suddenly and meeting a frightened, imploring look, which wholly amazed him. "What is the meaning of it? You explain, mother, WliOBe is this ohild who has, it appears, been taught to oall me ' dan a 'C " For ali answer Mrs. Tremayne produced the piece of writing, which had been found tied round the body nf the ohild. While he read it she related the finding of the child in the raidet of the storm. Ba^il looked from the paper into tbe unsuapioious eves of his mother, than keenly into Katherinn's, lastly took a long look at the child. With a few tersely put questions he elicited all Mrs. Tremayne knew or suspected. Looking again from one to the other, he turned up the child's faoe for further scrutiny, ending by impressing kiBses on its dimpled softness. Never, perhaps, had the family likeness between Katherine and her brother been BO marked as at this moment, as she with firmly bent browB and softened eyes watihf-d him warily; and he, with anxious enquiring glances looked from her to her mother, in whom constitutional and acquired reserve wm-e fighting with the neoessity for speech and enlightenment. The silence was becoming oppressive when the ohild (cuddled now against Basil's shoulder in happy confidence) murmured "dada"onoe more, and Mrs. Tremayne constrained herself to speak. " It is true, is it not, my son?" "You believed it true, mother?" he asked, quietly. " You were content to believe I had behaved like a blackguard" " You were so young, Basil," Bhe interrupted, tenderly. "I was oompelled to believe it, no other belief was open to me; the ohild was so like what you and the others —Katherine—had been that I could not believe there was any deoeption." "Did you seek to find and resoue—the mother of the child?" he asked, sternly avoiding the passionate appeal on Katherine's face. " I did, Basil. I made every enquiry, but I have never been able to hear again of the girl—Biddy Walsh they oalled her—who had passed through Oondalla that night. I have taken care of the ohild. The girl was right. I was the proper person to look after it. Is it not BO ?" Certainly you must have kept her under any oircumstanoes: it was right to give the poor little waif a home. Katherine, where were you on this eventful oocasion ? " Katherine was in Sydney," began Mrs. Tremayne, with confidence—"but, no, you had returned, Katherine ; was it the next day or that very day ?" "A day or two before, or after, how am I to remember?" said Katherine, impatiently. " What does it matter ?" "Odd though," eaid Mrs. Tremayne to herself. " I never thought" "And Kate," resumed Basil, hastily, "did you not advise our mother to keep her ?" "Pooh," Baid Katherine, with heightened colour and a note of disdain. "It is likely mother would ask advioe of me, isn't? Besides don't flatter yourself I would have interested myself on behalf of your brat, I would have drowned it, if I bad been in mother's place. It's her look out—and yours. What is it Shakspeare says?—'The gods are just, and of our pleasant vices make instruments to soourge UB." " I can't bear the monlcey-faoed thing, and she hates me. She would not kiss me for any bribe as she is now kissing you, whom she sees for the first time." KatherinS's voioe slightly broke, though she tossed her head with oareless disdain of the words she was uttering. "Mnrgot," said Basil to the ohild, disengaging her arms from his neck, " go and kiss that lady at once," he added firmly, seeing she hesitated, " or you shall never kiss dada again. Margaret hurried to obey, but Katherine rose hastily and, pushing the ohild from her, rushed from the room, and seizing a hat ran through the garden to the hut of her old foster mother, Bridget Moran. " Mother." said Basil, taking her mother's hands in his and kissing her with solemnity, " believe me when I swear to you that I never wronged tbe mother of that <_hild. My own conscience acquits me, and though I am ready to admit that you were right in adopting her, I should like to feel lhat you exonerate me from any blame, venial sin, or how ever you may call it." " My son," said Mrs. Tremayne simply, her mother's love getting the better of her own reserve, " I oould never blame you—you have always bean perfect in my eyes. I always blamed the girl.- You see by her writing she does not blame you herself." "Yes," said Basil, with an enigmatic smile. "You must blame litllp Margaret's mother, though it sounds hatefully unehivalrou6 to say so ! . . . 1 wish my oouscienoe was so dear of all sin that I could swear to you this one does not lie at my door. . : . I fear the best of us men have black enough spots on us. . . . This is a spot that has fallen unawares. '. . . I must accept it." "Say no more, Basil," said his mother, with proud determination. "Margaret is my proles;<5; beyond that it concerns, and shall concern, no one who or what she is. While I live she shall be my 