THE ftOVELIST. THE MAMMAS.* Bt HALL CADfE. BOOK IV.—MAX AKD WIFE. Chapter XLXXIIL pete's eetces. Outside B&JInre; House there vss a crovd «hieh covered the garden, the fence, the high road, and the tap of the stone trail> tqjposite. The land had ceased to plsr, and j the vert shouting, dapping bands, i nod cheering. At the door—which wag open j phiiip stood bareheaded, and a shaft of toe light ill the house behind him fit up a j hundred of the eager facts gathered in the j darkness. He raised his band for silence, | hot H was long before he was allowed to . gpeak. Salutations, rcgz-yt, rough—esmost j rode—but beany to the point of homeliness, j and affectionate to the length of famu»artt.-, , flew at his bead from every side. "G<>>t * Jack to yon, boy r " Bravo for Ramsey - j " Ibe Christians for yoar life!" " A chip 01. the oald bioifc- Dentpster Christian ^ the | Sixth f" " Hash, man, he's epalnng !" " Go j it, Phsir "Give it fite, boy!" "Hash bush " . | " Fellow-townsmen," said Pfiihp—hts votee | swung like a in Ivering bell over a sea—"yon j san never know Low much yoar welooaje has j moved me, I cannot say whether in my < heart o: hearts I am more proad of it or more ashamed. To be ashamed of it altogether j would dishonour you, and to be too proud of j it woo I d dishonour we. I am not worthy of r your faith and good- fellowship. Ah -"—he 1 raised his hand to chece a taunnur of dissent (the crowd was now hushed from end to end, —" let me utter the thought of aiL In j honouring me you are thinking of others j also (' No,' ' Yes'}: you are thinking of my I people—above all, of one who was laid under j the willows yonder, a wrecked, a broken, a: disappointed man—n;y father, God rest hun . j I will not conceal it from you—his memory I has been my guide, his failures have been | my lightship, his hopes ray l^acon, his love j ray star. For good or for evil, my anchor j has been in the depths or his grave. Gal j foibid that 1 should have lived too long! under the grasp of a dead hand. It was my j tim to regain what he had lost, and this day has witnessed its partial reclamation. God ; grant I may not have paid too dear for such j success." There were cries of " N"o, sir, no." He smiled faintly and shook his head. " Fellow -countrymen, yon believe I am worthy of the name I bear. There is one among you, an old comrade, a tried and trusted friend, whose faith would be a spur if it were not a reproach " His voice was breaking, but still it pealed over the sea of heads, "Well, L will try to do my duty—from this hour onwards yon shall see me try. Fellow- Manxmen, you will help me for the honour of the place I fill, for sake of our little island, and—yes, and for my own sake also, I know yon will—to be a good man and an upright judge. But "—he faltered, his voice coal l barely support itself bnt if it should ever appear that your confidence has been misplaced—if in the time to come I should seem to be unworthy of this honour, untrue to tire oath X took to day to do God's justice between man and man, a wrongdoer, not a lighter of the wronged, a whited sepulchre where you looked for a tower of refuge—rememb-r, I pray of you, my countrymen, remember, much as you may be suffering then, there will be one who will Ire suffering more—that one will be myself." The general impression that night was that the Deemster's speech had not been a proper one. Breaking up with some damp efforts at the earlier enthusiasm, the people com plained that they were like men who had come for a jig and were sent home in a wet blanket. There should have ijeen a joke or two, a hearty word'of congratulation, a little natural glorification of Ramsey, and a quiet slap at Douglas and l'eel and Castletown, a few fireworks, a rip-rap or two, and some general illumination. Rut, aakea alive, the solemn the young Dempster wag! And the melancholy i And the mystarious 1 " Chut!" said Pete. " There's such a dale of comic in yon, bolt Wonder in the world to me you're not kidnapped for pantaloonses. Go home for all and wipe your eyes, and re member the words he's been apaking. I'm not going to forget tbem myself, anyway." Handing over the big drum to little Jonaique, Pete turned to go into the house. Auntie Kan was in the halt, hopping like a canary about Philip, in a russet silk dress, that rustled like withered ferns, hugging him, drawing him down to the level of her face, and kissing him on the forehead, The team were mining over the autumn sunshine of her wrinkled cheeks, and her voice was crack ing between ft laugh and aery. " My boy! My dear boy! My boy's boy! My own boy's own boy 1" Philip liberated himself at length, and went upstairs without turning his head, and then Auntie Kan saw Pete standing in the doorway. "Is it you, Pete f she said with an effort Won't yon come in for a moment 1 MoT' • "A minute only, then—just to wish yon joy, Miss Christian, ma'am," said Pete. < "And you, too, Pete, Ah i" she stud, with « bird-like turn of the head, " you must be a proud man to-night, Pete." "Proud isn't the word for it,' ma'am—I'm plane Reside myself." - "He took a fancy to you when you were only a little barefooted boy, Fete." "So he did, ma'am." 1 " And how that he's Deemster itself he owns you still." . "Aw, lave him alone for that, ma'am." v "Did you hear what he said abont yoa in right if pTiMliMngJBfc woifcjias Jwmpw alil»ed%mepK)] hjstpeedb. It isn't evayboiy in fais_ P&ce; ^ would have done that lofort all, Pete. " Deed no, ma'am." " He's true to bis friends, whatever they : are. "Ticess steel." , HtmsilwcsnyiDfthe<isd»fS into toe iininz-rrs.-zL, sad Auntie Nan said1 m a strained way, "You won't «ay to dmD**> Pete, *rill you? Perhaps yon w*** borne to the mistress. Wei!, faom;Jf all of us, isn't it? Martha, HlteU the Deemster myself that dinner is cm the taWe. Wei!, yood-oight, Peter, I'm aluays so fited to see you. She ^as whisking about to go upstairs, out Pete had taken one step into the dining-ioom, and was gazing round with looks o; awe. "Lord alive. Mies Christian, ma'am, what feelings now—barefooted boy, you say. You're rizht there, ac i coi l and hungry, too. Sleeping in the ghbie bouse with the cow, and n^t gttdag i&ach; bet ifae mlik I fe*alin from her, and a leathering at the oul i man for that. Philip fetched me in here one even in'—that was toe start, ma'am. See that pepper and salt egg on the string there . It's a Tommy Noii-'s- Phihpgot it nesting cp Gob-ny-Garvatn. Nearly cost him bis life, though. Yoa see, ma'am, Tommy Noddy has only one, and she f.ghts like mad .or «i W'e were up forty fathom and Letter, atop of a cave, and hal two straight rocks below us in the sea, sitae as an elepnant s hoofs, you know, walking oat cm the blue Boor. An.. Phil was having his lii Han i on the led#,e where the egg was keeping, when swoop came the Lig white wings atop of his bare head. If 1 hain't had a stick that day, ma'am, it would have been heaven help the pair oi us. The next minute Tommr Noddy was going solash down the cliffs, all leathers and blood together, or Phihp wouldn't have iive-I to be Dempster. . . - Aw, frightened you, hare I, ina'am, for oil it s so long ago<• The heart's a quart thing, now. isnt it? Got no yesterday nor to-morrow neither. Hell, good night, ma'am Pete was mating tor the door, when he looked down and said. hat s this at all ? Down, Dempster, down!" ec The dog Had c-.me trotting into ..be halt a.. Pete was going out- It was perking up *t big ears and wagging its stump oi a tail in front of Him. , , ... *• M v dog, ma'am ? k es. ma am, and l.ke ■ its master in some ways. Not mucn of itseU at ail, but it has the blood in it, though, an-, f maybe it'll come oat better in the next generation. Looking for me, are yo _, j Dempster ? Let's be taking the road, . " perhaps you're wanted at home, Pete,. | " Wooidn't trust. Good-night, ma am. j Auntie N'an hooped upstairs ra her rustling | dress, relieve! avA glad in the sweetEeihsh n-ss of h'-r love to get rid of Pete -ai have | Philip to herself. . , . Pete went off whistling in the darkness, . with tiie dog driving ahr-a/i of him- lm | to blame, though," he thougnt. Should have gone home directly.", . The town was now quiet, the rircets were deserted, and Pete began to run. Nhed he alone, too. That must have been Nancy in the crowd yonder by Mistress Heouye. 'Lowed her out to see the do, it s luce. Ought to be back now, though." As Pete came near to Elm-cottage, the moon over the tree-tops lit up the panes of the upper windows as with a score of bright lamps. One step more, and the bouse was ^ " bhe'Ji be waiting tor me. Listening, too, I'll go bail." . . , ,. _ lie was at the gate by this time, and the dog was panting at his feet with its nose close to the lattice. "Bequiet, dog, tie quiet." Then he raised the latch without a sound, stepped in on tip-toe, and closed the gate as silently behind him. . "I'll have a game with her. Ill take ner His eyes began to dance with mischief, like a child's, and he crept along the path with big cat strides, half doubled up, and holding his breath, lest lie should laugh aloud. " The sweet creaturesA man shoaldn t frighten them, though," he thought. When he reached the porch he went down on all fours, and began mewing likei a mournful torn cat near to the bottom ol the door. Then he listened with his ear to the iamb. He expected a faint cry of alarm, the raocons voice of Nancy Joe, and the clatter of feet towards the porch. There was not a 80"lShe's upstairs," he thought, and stepped back to look up the front of the house, lhere was no light in the rooms above. "I know what it is. Nancy is not home yet, and Kirry*s fallen asleep at the rock lDfle stole up to the window and tried to look into the hall, but the blind was down, and he could not see ranch, through the narrow openings at the sides'of it. "She'ssleeping, that's it. The bouse was quiet and she dropped off, rocking the 1U one, thatfa all," He scraped a handful of the light gravel and flung a little of it at the window, "That'll remind ' her ot something, he thought* and he laughed under his breath. Then he listened again with bis ear at the sill. There was no noise within. He llung more gravel and waited, thinking he might catch her breathing, but he could hear nothing. Then rising hurriedly and throw ing offhisplayfulness, he strode to toe door and tried to open it, The door was locked. He returned to the window, " Kate I" he sailed, softly. " Kate I Are yon there? Do you hear me? Its Pete. Dont be frightened. Kate, bogb 1' j There was no response. He could hear the beat of the sea on the shore. The dog had perched himself on one end , of the window sill, and was beginning to whine. "What's this at all? She cant be out. Couldn't take the child anyway. Where a that Nancy? What right bad the woman to lave her? She has fainted, being left alone; that's what going doing.", ...... He tried to open the window, but the latch was shot.' Then be tried the other windows mi toe back dpor, and the window nbove the hatl, which lite reached from the roof of the porch; hit tbtey would When he returned to the hall window:,the white .blind waB datker.- ' The'lamp inside toe room was going out. - - , , ' i. . The moonlight wasdnppmg' aownon him through toe leaves of, the trees. He found i some, matches beside his pipe in his side-' pocket, struck one, apd looked at the sash, then took out his clasp-knife to remove the pane under tfie dutch. His band trembled and shook and hurst through the gkwmrffri of hw arm tiathfad. HethlUSt] his hand through, shot back the iMch, than poshed op the snii, and dmbatd into the ■ room past the blind. Tbe cat, string on the ledge mode, robbed against bis hand end purred. " Kinyi Kate The whispered t The lamp bad cha up its list fJt*® ■with tbe puff of wind trom the window, and are for the slumbering fire all was duk within the house. He hardly dared to drop to his feet for fear of treading on something. Wbenfaewss at iJTiHLe middle of the ≀ be stood with bps apart, struck another held the light above bis head, and looked down "»d arottnd like a man in a care. , There was nothing. The child, awakened by the draught of night air, began to ay from tbe cradle. He took it up and hushed it with baby words of tenderness in a breaking voice. "Hash, bagfc. hash! SEammie will come to it, then: maxxunie will come for all." He lit a candle and crept through tbe house, carrying tbe light about with fcim. Therewas no sign anywhere until he came to the bed room, when he saw that tbe hat and cloak of Kate's daily wear bad gone. Then be knew that he was a broken-hearted man. With a ay of desolation be stopped in his search and came heavily downstairs. He had been warding off the moment of despair, bet he conid do so no longer now The empty house and die child, the child and the empty house ; these allowed of only one ioteresretation. " She's gona. bogh, she's left ni. she wasn't willing to stay with us; God Arrive ber?" . Sitting on a stool with a l:"ie_one on his knees, he sobbed while the child oied— two children crying together. Suddenly he leapt op. " I'm not for believing it," he ■ hoczht. "What woman aiive could do the like of HI There isn't a mother breath ing that hasn't more bowels. An J she used to lore tbe 111 one, and me too—and does, and does." ... He saw bow it was. She was ill, cistranght, perhaps even—God help her!— perhaps even mad. Such things happened to woraen arter cbiHbirth—the doctor himsrli had said as couch. In the toils of h-r bodily trouble, beset by mental terrors, she had fled away from her baby, ber husband, and ber home, pursued by God knows what phantoms of disease. But she would get better, she would come back. " Hash, bogh, hush, then." he whimpered tenderly. " Mammie will come home again. Still and for all she'll come back." There was the click of a key in the lock, and he crept back to the stooL Nancy came in. panting and perspiring. " Dear heart alive, what a race I've had to get home," she said, purnng the air of the night. She was throwing off her Iwnnet and shawl, and talking before looking round. "Such pushing and scrooping,you never seen the like, Kirry. Aw, my best Sunday bonnet, only wore at me once, look at the crunched it is! But what d'ye think now I Poor Christian Killip'sbaby is dead for all. Died in the middle of tbe rejoicings. Aw, dear, yea, and the band going by playing ' The Conquering Hero' the very minute. Poor thing,she was distracted,end no m onder, I ran round to put a sight on the poor sonl, and—why, what's going wrong with the lamp, at all ? Is that yoarselt on the stool, Kirry 1 Pete, is it I Then Where's the mistressf She plucked up the poker and dag the fire into a blaze. " What's doing on yon, man? Yon've skinned your knuckles like potato peel. Han, man, what for are you crying, at aiir Then Pete said in a thick croak, " Hould your bull of a tongue, Nancy, and take tbe child out of my arms." She took the baby from him, and he rose to his feet as feeble as an old man. " Lord. Bave us«" she cried. " The window broke, too. What's happened f " Nothing," growled Pete. " Then what's coming of Kirry? I left her at home when I went oot at seven." " I'm choking with thirst, woman. Can't you be giving a man a drink of something." He found a dish of milk on tbe table, where the supper had been laid, and he gulped it down at a mouthful. " She's gone—that's what it is. I see it in your face." Then going to the foot of the stairs 6he called, " Kirry ! Kate! Katherine Crescent" , , ^ , , 1 " Stop that! shouted Pete, and be drew j ! her back from the stairs. | " Why aren't you spaking, then V she cried. " If you're man enough to bear the truth, I'm woman enough to hear it" " Listen to me, Nancy," said Pete, with up lifted list " I'm going out for an hour, and till I'm back, stay you here with the child, and say nothing to nobody." " I knew it!" cried Nancy. "That's what she hurried me out for. Aw, dear! Aw, dear! What for did you lave her with that man this morntngl | " Do yon hear me, woman r said Pete. ' " Say nothing to nobody. My heart's lying ' heavy enough already. Open your lips and yon'll kill me straight" Then he went out of the house, staggering, I stumbling, bent almost double. His nat lay on the floor; he had gone bare-headed. | He turned towards Sulby. "She's there," be thought "Where else should she be? The poor wandering lamb wants home." The bar-rootn ot "Tbe Manx Fairy" was full of gossips that night, and tbe puffing of many pipes was suspended at a story that Jlr. Jelly was telling. . "Strange enough, Fm thinking. 'Deed, but it's mortal strange. Talk about tale books —there's nothing in Hie Pilgrim'« Progrtm itself to equal it. Thenpp of one son coming home Dempster, with prooessioaa and bands of music, at tbe very minute the son of the other son is getting lacked out of the house Dump as a dog." ' ' "Strange uncommon," said John tbe Widow, and other vbioes echoed him. Jonaiqoe looked round the room, expecting someone to question him. As nobody did bo except with looks of inquiry, he said, "My onld man heard it all.. He a been tailor at the big house since the time of Iron Christian himself." " Troth enough," said Cassar. "And he was sewing a suit for the big man, in the kitchen, when the bad work woa jinidoing upstairs." " You don't say 1" "You've robbed me!" says the Balla whaine. "Dearheart aUvel" cried Grannie. "To: bisdwh -sob, wasit!? •• , ".You've IVwe he ; .'you dp cawed,me, you'veembezwd my money, an$ broke my HbartT. SftK? M. .'I've spent a fortune oh you, and what :have yog brought mebaokfbe, -and this-^-und this-diarefaced forgerjes, all of says he.'41 grind1 my I? "Whatfor,then? , , good fathertoyon, any way, and a fool, too, if nobody knows it i' says he." _ . . , '•-Jfobody? Did hf say flpbody, Mr. !jellyf said Ctraar.sbrewfngnp'hremoutii,' 1...... •"If vos'd had aqr father to deal with,' says be. ' he'd jure turned foa oat long ago for a liar and a thief.* * My God, fattier,' says Bo&dndkslijrlat; the amuttSi 'A thief, dye hear roe,* rajs the Ball&whsine;, ' a thief that's takes eta» penny 1 have in the world, and kit me a reined man.*" " Did he ray that f said Cesar. "He did though," said Jonaique. "Hie on Id was listening from the kitchen stairs, and young Boss snaked oot of the boose same as a cor." " And wbere'e he gone to T said Csesar. "Goto to the devil, I'm thinking," said Jonaiqae. " Weil, he's good enough for him with a broken —pity the onld nun didn't break it," said Csesar. "Bat wbere's the waistitl now Y" "Gone to England over with to-nighte packet, they're saying." " Praise God from whom all blessings Bow." said Caesar. . A. grant came oat of the comer from behind a clond of smoke. " You've your own raisons for saying so, Caesar," said the husky voice of Black Tom. " People were talking and t»tlriny one while there that he'd be "bezzling somebody's daughter, as well as the onld miser's money." " Answer a fool according to his folly," mattered Csesar; and then the door jerked open and Pete came staggering into the room. Every pipe-shank was lowered in an instant, and Grannie's needles ceased to dick. Pete was still bareheaded, bis face was ghastly white, and his eyes wandered, bnt he tried to bear himself as if nothing had happened. Smiling horribly, and nodding all round, as a man does sometimes in battle the moment the bullet strikes him, be turned to Grannie and moved his lips a little as if he thought be was saying something, though he ottered no sound. After that he took oat his pipe, and rammed it with his forefinger, then picked a squill from the table, and stooped to the fire for a light. " Anybody—belonging—me—hereT'hesaid, in a voice like a crow's, pnffing as be spoke, the flame dancing over the pipe mouth. "No, Pete, no,** said Grannie. "Who were you looking for, at all V " Nobody," he answered. " Nobody par tic'iar. Aw, no," he said, and he puffed until his lips quacked, though^ the pipe gave cut no smoke. " Just come in to get fire to my pipe. Most be going now. So long, boys! S'long! Bye-bye, Grannie!" No one answered him. He nodded round the room again, and smiled fearfully, crossed to the door with a jaunty roll, and thus launched out of the house with a pretence of unconcern, the dead pipe banging upside down in his mouth, and his head aside, as if his hat had been rilled rakishly on his un covered hair. When he had gone the company looked into each other's faces in surprise and fear, as if a ghost in broad daylight had passed among them. Then Black Tom broke the silence. " Men," said he, "that was a d lie." "Si began Cresar, bat the protest foundered in his dry throat. "Something going doing in Ramsey," Black Tom continued. " I believe in my heart I'll follow him." " I'll be going along with yoa, Mr. Quil liaci," said Jonaiqae. " And I." said John the Clerk. " And L" "And I," said the others, and in half a minute the room was empty. " Father," whimpered " Grannie, through the glass partition, hadn't you better saddle the mare, and see if anything's going wrong with Eirryf " I was thinking the same myself, mother." " Come, then, away with you. The Lord have mercy on all of us<" As soon as he was out of earshot Pete be gan to run. Within half sn hour he was back at Elm-cottage. "She'll be home by this time," he told himself, but be dare not learn the truth too suddenly. Creeping up j to the hall window, he listened at the broken pane. The child was crying, and Nancy Joe was talking to herself and sobbing as she bathed the little one. "Bless it's precious heart, it's as beautiful as the angels in heaven. I've bathed her mother on the same knee a hundred times. 'Deed have I, and a thousand times too. Mother, indeed! What sort of mothers are in now at all? She must have a heart as hard as stone to lave the like of it. Can't be a drop of nature in her. . . . Goodness, Nancy, what are 6aying for all ? Kate is it ? Your own little Kirry and you blackening ber ! Oh, dear! Oil, dear! The bogh! Thebogh !" Pete could not go in. He crept back to the cabin in the garden and leaned against it to draw his breath and think. Then he noticed that the dog was on the path with its long tongue hanging over its jaw. It stopped its panting to whine woefully, and then it turned towards the durkcr part of the garden. " He's telling me something," thought Pete. A car rattled down the side road at that moment, . and the light of its lamp shot through the bushes to his feet. " The ould gate must be open," be thought He looked and saw that it was, and then a new light dawned on him. " She's gone up to Philip's," he told him self. "She's gone by Claughbane to Ballure to find me." Five minutes afterwards he was knocking; at Ballure House. His breath was coming in gusts, perspiration was Btanding in beads on i his face, and his bead was still bare, but be was carrying himself bravely as if nothing were amiss. His knock was answered by the maid, a tall girl of cheerful expression, in a black frock, a white apron, asnow-white cap. Pete nodded and smiled at her " Anybody- been here for me—no!" he asked. "No, sir, n—o, I think not," the girl answered, and as she looked at Pete her face j straightened. There was a rustling within as of autumn' leaves, and then a twittering voice cried, "Is! it Captain Quitliam, Martha? "Yes,.ma'am." « . Some whispered conference went on at the; dining-room door, and Auntie Nan came hopping through the ball. But Pete was already moving away in the darkness. j " Snail I call the Deemster, Peter?" 1 "Aw. no, ma'am, no, not worth bothering him. Gdod everin . Miss Chriatian, ma'am/, good everin' tp.you,'■, = 7-; 7.. . Auntie Nan and Martha %/ejre standing in i the lightat the open-door when theirongate, P .He was baking/for the lane which goes* down to the shore, at'the foot df'BaNprfe'! Gleii. . " No denyirtg it," he thought* . ,i, It! fa tost be trhe tyr all. . The trouble'in fjer; head has driven her to it. ' Poor' girl,' poor darling!" and th^uagmire*6£ jfet^air had rieeh .tohia; throat at last. 'The moon was behind the J ctiffa, and he groped hie way tbrongh 4he' shadows si die foot of the rocks like one who looks for something which be dreads to find He found nothing, and his catchy breathing lengthened to sighs. "Thank God, not here, anyway f* he mat tered. Then he walked down the shore towards die harbour. The tide was still high, the wash of the waves touched bis feet; on the one hand the dark sea, unbroken by a light on the other the dull town blinking out and dropping asleep. He readied the end of the stone pier at the mouth oi the harbour, and with his back to the seaward side of the lighthouse he stared down into the grey water that surged and moaned under the rounded walL A black cloud like a skate was floating across the moon, and a startled gannet scuttled from under the pier steps into die moon's misty waterway. There was nothing else to be He turned back towards the town, follow ing the line of the quay, and glancing down into the harbour when he came to dm steps. Still he saw nothing of the thing he looked for. "But it was high water then, and now it's the ebbr tide," he told himself. He had met with nobody on the shore car cm the pier, but as be passed the sheds in front of the berth for the (teamen he wss joined by the harbourmaster, who was swing ing home for the night, with bis coat across his arm. Then he tried to ask the question that was slipping off bis tongue, but dare not, and only stammered awkwardly. "Any news to-night, Mr. Quaylel" " Is it yourself, Capt'n! If you're none, I've none. It's independent young rovers like you for newses, not poor on Id chaps tied to the harbour post same as a ship's cable. I was hearing you, though. You'd a power of music in the everin* yonder. Fine doings up at Uallure, seemingly." "Nothing fresh with yourself then, Daniel —no V " Except that I'm middling sick of them late sailings, and the sooner they're building as a breakwater the better. If die young Deemster will get that for us, he'll do." They were nearing a lamp at the corner of the market-place. " It's like yon know the yoqng Ballawhaine crossed with the boat to-night? Something wrong with the ould man. they're telling me. Bat L<oy, veen, what's come of your hat at allf "My hatf* said Pete, groping about his head. " Oh, my hat ? Blown off on the pier, of cooree." "Deed, man! Not much wind either. You'll be for home and the young wife, eh, Capt'n r "Must be," said Pete, with an empty langh. And the harbourmaster, who was a bachelor, laughed more heartily, and added— " Yon married men are like Adam, you've lost the rib of yonr liberty, but you've got a warm little woman to yonr side instead." "Ha! ha! ha! Good nightV Pete's laugh echoed through the empty marketplace. The harbourmaster had seen nothing. Pete drew a lone breath, followed the line of the harbour as far as to the bridge at the end of it, and then tamed back through the town. He had forgotten again that he was bareheaded, and he walked down Parlia ment-street with a tremendous step and the air of a man to whom nothing unusual had occurred. People were standing in groups at the comer of every side street, talking eagerly, with the low hissing sound that women make when they are discussing secrets. So absorbed were they that Pete passed some of them unol/served. He caught snatches of their conversation. " The rascal!" said one. " Clane ruined the ould man, anyway, said another. "Boss Christian again," thought Pete. Bnt a greater secret swamped everything. Still he heard the people as he passed. "Sane her right though, whatever 6he gets—she knew what he was." " Laving the child, too, the unfeeling crea ture." Then the sharp voices of the women fell on the dull consciousness of Pete like forks of lightning. " Whisht, woman ! the husband himself, said somebody. There was a noise of feet like the plash of retiring waves, and Pete noticed that one of the groups had broken into a half-circle, facing him as he strode along the street. He nodded cheerfully over both sides, threw bock his bare head, and plodded on. Bat his teeth were set hard, and his breathing was quick and andible. " I see what they mane," he muttered. Outside his own house he fonnd a crowd. A saddle horse, with a cloud of steam rising from her, was standing with tiie reins over its head, linked to the gate-post. It was Cmsar's mare, Molly. Every eye was on the honse, and no one saw Pete as be came np behind. " Black Tom's saying there s not a donbt of it," said a woman. _ " Gone witb the young Ballawhaine, eh : said a man. "Shame on her, the hussy!" said another woman. Pete ploughed his way through with born arms, smiling and nodding furiously. " If you, plaxe, ma'vtn ! If you plase." Ashe pushed on he heard voices behind him. " Poor man, he doesn't know yet.' " I'm taking pity to look at him." Hie honse door was open. On the thres hold stood a young man with long hair and a long note-book.' He was putting questions. " Last seen at seven o'clock—left alone with child—husband out with procession—any other information?" Nancy Joe, with the child on her lap, was answering querulously from the stool Before the fire, ana Cesar, face down, was leaning on the mantelpiece. Pete took in the sitnation at a glance. Then he laid bis big hand on theypungman a shoulder and swung him aside as if he bad been turning a swivel. . - " What going doing?" he aaked. The yonng man faltered something. Sony —to intrude—Capfn Qnillism's tronble.. " What trouble T" scud Pete. " Need I say—the lamented—I mean distressing—in fact the mysterious disap pearance—". " What disappearance r said Pete, with an airc\f amazement . " Can it be, sir, thatyou've not yet heard . " Heard what? Your tongne's like a turnip watbhin k. - rehatT^ywS?dii»—r WhaU Edthto hejeellMy wife mysteriously ^disappear Slwl! KKsked1 up and WeufiaJa good^S^s^rich ! that bates 1 hg]Sd^tTOkl on hlsmot vounn man, now white and afraid, scraped „nd backed himself to the door, saying, , "Then perhaps it's not true after all, Cfl" Of coorse it's not true," cried Pete. " Maybe you know where she's gone." "Of ooorse I know where's she s gone, I sent her there myself 1" " You did, though ?' said Caesar. «■ yes, did I—to England by the night fltt*'i*Deed, man !" said Caesar. "The doctor ordered it. You heard him yourself, grandfather." „ " Well, that s true, too, said Cmsar. The young man closed his long note-book and backed into a throng of women who liad come up to the porcn. " Of course, if yousay so, Capt'nQuilliam——" " I do say so," ehouted Pete; and the reporter disappeared. The voices of two women came from the the first. " Of coorse you are, Mistress Kinmsb, ehouted Pete. " I could never have believed the like of the same woman, and I always knew the child was brought up by hand," said the other; " Coorse you couldn't, Mistress Kewley," Pete replied. But he swung up and kicked the door to in their faces. The strangers being shut out, Caesar said, cautiously: " Do you mane that, Peter?" '' Molly's smokincr at the gate like a brewer's vat, father," said Pete. " The half hasn't been told you, Peter. Listen to me. It's only proper you ahould hear it. When you were away at Kimberley this Ross Christian was bothering the girl terrible." '• She'll be getting cold so long out of the Btable," said Pete. " I rebuked him myself, sir, and he smote me on the brow. Look ! Here's the mark of his hand over my temple, and I'll be carrying it to my grave." " Ross Christian! Ross Christian !" muttered Pete, impatiently. " By the Lord's restraining grace, sir, I refrained myself—but if Mr.. Philip hadn't been there that night—I'm not houlding with violence, no, resist not evil—but Mr. Philip fought the loose liver with his fist for me; he chastised him, sir; he " " D the man!" cried Pete, leaping to his feet " What's he to me or my wife cither ?" Caisar went home huffed, angty, and unsatisfied. And then, all being gone and the long strain over, Pete snatched the puling child out of Nancy's arms, and kissed it and wept over it Give her to me, the bogh," he cried, hoarse as a raveii, and then sat on the stool before the fire, and rocked the little one and himself together. " If I hadn't some thing innooent to lay houid of I should be going mad, that I ahould. Oh, Katherine bogh ! Katherine bogh ! My little bogh ! My lii bogh !" In the deep hours of the night, after Nancy had grumbled and sobbed herself to sleep by the aide of the child, Pete got up from the sofa in the parlour and stole out of the house again. " She may come up with the morning tide," he told himself. " If she does what matter about a lie, God forgive me ? God help me, what matter about anything ?" If she did not he would stick to his Btory, bo that when she came back, wherever she had been, Bhe would come home as an honest woman. "And will be, too," he thought. "Yes, will be, too, spite of all their dirty tongues— as sure as the Lord's in heaven." The dog trotted on in front of him as he turned up towards Ballure. The Imperial Admiralty have arranged with the Cunard, Peninsular and Oriental, and Canadian Pacific Steamship Companies to hold 28 of their steamers at the disposition of the Admiralty in case of emergency. Nearly £34,000 will be paid in subsidies this year for 12 of these steamers. For the remaining 16 no subsidies will be paid. Last year nine vessels only were held at the disposition of the Admiralty, and for five of these £21,972 was paid in subsidies. DtmiNO last year 13,647 fewer emigrants eft the United Kingdom for places out of Europe than during the previous year. 