TALES FOR CHRISTMASTIDE. RED CREEK GCJLLY. [By Cbak: Ellachje.] astray. For the neutral tints of station life, ore anything but But, with all its uneventiulness 1 solemnly deny That tbe bush is unendurable.' Earsrcs Stephens. A cloud of dust along the bosh track, gradually resolves itself into a coach with iour Bteaming, jaded horses. Some stir of life appears in the forlorn little hotel, and three or four unkempt -looking men saunter out on to the rickety verandah, and watch the arrival with faint interest. The coach stops with a flonrishing clatter, the driver jumps heavily down and makes for the bar. Some show of animation comes from the verandah group, for, as the driver slips from his seat, a stranger is seen seated on the farther side. ' The new manager of Alton Downs, I bet,' one of the loafers observes to his companions. ' Stuck-up fellow, by his looks, any way ! Expects lo be somebody, as manager of a station. Guess it will be a pretty poor billet ; for that part of the country is pretty well killed by the drought.' The driver reappears with an added flush on his already bloated face ; and stops for a word or two with the men on the verandah, for ' Bill, the driver,' is a popnlar personage along the road. Then a thought strikes him and he calls out to the occupant of the coach: — 'Say .' what ! sir I I've only got to take these cases to Sandy Hollow ; and Fll come back and drive you to Alton, in less than an hour ; your way is a good bit oat of ihe direct roate ; but 111 manage it, if you care to wait here. It's a hot dusty road. You'll be better off here, till I come back.' ** Right you are, IT1 be glad to stretch my legs a bit, said the young man readily, and he sprang lightly to the ground. The eyes of the onlookers met together in a curious look as they noted the easy clean spring to the ground. ?* A. young athlete ' with muscles like well-tempered steel, every motion of the slight, supple figure, from the easy carriage of the well poUed head to the free play of every limb, told those practised eyes. Not at all a striking looking* rather a severe, somewhat stolid expression in the brown face, except for the distinction conferred by piercing eyes of strange vivid blue. There was something hard, crude, and young, about the determined mouth, and the quick glance of those dear eyes showed a power of observation, and ob servation not too kindly. The curious bine ness of the eyes in the brown face had a peculiar effect, aad many people remembered 'Jim Grey 'as the young fellow with the strange eyes. He nodded carelessly to the men who were watching with stealthy intent ness ; and the cool off-band manner seemed somehow to pvtake of the nature of a personal insult. As he reached the door, partly dazed by the comparative dusk of the room after the glare outside, he came -violently into contact with someone coming out. He staggered slightly from the shock, while the other measured his length on the floor. Jim, trained ia many a football encounter, kept bis balance, while the other, a taller and stronger man, fell like a log. Jim at once attempted to help the other to his feet : and apologised for fr'H clumsiness. The man pushed him i away, and rose quickly to his feet. A splendid j specimen of a man physically ; tall, broad i shouldered, and truidaome, in a strange dark ' type that suggested foreign blood. The dark eyes now were flashing angrily, and as a laugh ' floated in from the verandah, the expression ? in them caused Grey to stand instinctively on the defensive. The man gave a short derisive the yyrandah- A strange dark nature was that of Jack Suttcliffe, if those black eyes -Ud not belie him. Left co himself, Grey turned to the room ; the whole aspect of wnich he took in, with a. few quick observing glances. Tawdry, dirty, close and dusty ; the commonplace type of poor bush inn- There were the same flaring calendars or racing pictures, dustv and dia coloured by age and flies. Then with a sudden start of surprise, hid eyes were caught by a photograph that rested on a shelf. A fair faced girl '* college cap, and gown, looked out from the picture. He looked from the young flower-like face to the tawdry room, and the dirt and disorder seemed doubly intensified. With a feeling of incongruity that was almost pain, he thought of those pure eyes meeting the coarse glances of the occupants of such a room. ' It was desecration,' he said to himself, and half unconsciously, he raised his hand to the shelf, and was in the act of appropriating the picture when a sudden, rough voice arrested him, and the photograph fell to tbe floor. 'Here ! I say, stop that ! what are you up from a passage. Grey mattered feebly, and stooped with a reddened face to replace the fated picture. As he did so be caught the cool sardonic smile of Suttclifie, who stood by the door, surveying the scene. He returned the smile with a savage scowl as the eyes of the two met in a hate, that Beetned born at the moment. Grey turned to the man who had addressed him, evidently the hotel keeper. A rough and ready looking customer ; with light grey eyes peering out from a tangled red thatch, and & wide good own mind with slight contemptuous interest, when the grey eyes turned upon him a shrewd twinkle. ' Yon are taking stock,' that look ' seemed to say ; ' Well, what do you make of old George Beaumont ? I'm returning the compliment, You're a pretty smart fellow in and Beaumont turned to attend to them. Suttcliffe seemed popular in a curious half feared way ; his opiuious met with ready acquiescence ; and his company seemed to be ] looked upon as a kind of compliment by the ' others. His dress and manner altogether seemed superior to his associates, and Grey was not surprised to learn later that Suttcliffe held pretty much the same position as him self ; or rather better, for he was part owner, as well as manager of a email station, adjoin ing Alton Downs. It wa^ Saturday afternoon, and more men came dropping in, shearers, carriers, and stations. The hotel stood ou the direct road to the railway, and many small bush tracks converged there and joined che main thorough fare. ?? Red Golly Hotel ' formed a con venient and popular halting place ; and old George Beaumont was a well-known character jJong the road. Then, the only permanent water supply around was to be found in the creek, dammed some distance above the boteL The creek was now, for all its length, but a mere succession, of water-holes ; but it re ceived the drainage of many neighbouring hi' Is. This information had just been bestowed on Grev bv his host- as he attended to his wants, and the hotel-keeper seemed to take rather a pleasure in talking to this quiet listener with his quick apprehension and keen glances. Suttcliffe seemed uneasy under tbe quiet observing blae eyes, and turned now and then a sudden dark look in his direction, but made no overtures of friend ship, or acquaintance. The rattle of wheels, and the abrupt stop of the coacli, put an end to Grey's attention, and he passed on to the verandah. It seemed his fortune to meet obstacles this afternoon, for as he crossed the threshold, he stumbled and almost fell over ?i figure, that lay Btretched in the shade on the verandah. He recovered himself with a jerk, as the jeering laugh of Suttcliffe came behind him. Grey drew himself away in disgust from the besotted form that i*y at his feet. A tall dark man, with unkempt hair j and beard, and dark flashed face, lay breath- ! ing heavily in the sleep of drunken stupor. ' 'It's that old fool of a Marquis,' said Beaumont apologetically, as he hauled the limp figure contemptuously aside. Grey sprang into the coach, with a strange feeling of relief, and they were soon spinning briskly along the dusty highway. Grey found ont before long, that hard work considerably overbalanced money or dignity, in his new position. But he was young and strong and not afraid of work. Many men of mature years had scarcely half the experience of life, and knowledge of human nature, that to this young fellow had been given in payment for a large share of the world's hard knocks and harder indifference. How many things he had tried since, as a little fellow of ten, he had been thrown on his own resources. Absolutely without a relation as far as he knew, friendless and desolate, he had turned a brave front to a heedless world. From one step to another he had steadily cumoeatoje i&aaer;, neituer enirting nraiu. nor - hand work ; till now at manhood, he found himself with good muscles, clear brain and a ' side of hennas, nature or motives, had. been i open for his inspection. The piercing gaze of those clear boyish eyes saw more than the quiet face gave evidence of. He had a well assured confidence in himself that was rather i irritating to observers ; and a curious species ' of good-natured contempt for the world in ' general, that years would take from him. The i strict, but not unkindly, though he held him self aloof, from a feeling of indifference, rather than the pride to which it was attributed. He was careless of popularity, and unlikely indeed, from his reserved disposition, ever to become generally liked. Station life soon only by visits to Red IJully for any letters or parcels left by the coaefc. One afternoon, as he neared the hotel on his weekly visit ; he saw a dray =U the door with an unwieldy cabe just being lowered. All the available willing hands were at work, and the Irish cook and her rough-looking fellow servant were watching the scene with open-eyed interest from the slab fence. j 'Oh lor! 'ain't it a big pianny ! Sir!'! cried the smutty little servant girl, as he tied up his horse to a post. 'A piano;' Grey laughed as be pictured a grand pano in one of those dingy rooms ; and wondered what stranger bad come to the hotcL He went forward with the others, and after much pushing and dragging, the piano was taken running along the length of tbe house. Old George was in a state of great excitement, and began to pry open the case with desperate ; energy. A beautiful piano was disclosed, and I strange enough the splendid instrument ! looked in that bare room. A key was bood fitted to it ; Old George flung it open with a flourish, and stepped back to admire tbe effect. A queer group they looked, thought | Jim, as his eyes wandered from one great brawny figure to another, till they rested on the shaking form and lack lustre eyes of the : Marquis, as he peered wistfully over the | heads of tbe group. But as tbe thought : formed itself in his mind he turned sharply, I and caught it reproduced in the sarcastic smile of Suttcliffe, whose tall figure had jost darkened the doorway. ' Look here, boys ! Some of you can try a anxiously, as his eyes wandered round the A broad grin passed .like a wave, from one stolid face to another, and the big fellows drew together with a comical air of childish depre ration. 'Grey, here, can, I'm sure 'broke in the clear even tones of Suttcliffe, 'he looks the very fellow for it !rt To Jim's ear, & subtle chord of insolent contempt rang through the little speech, and he flushed quickly. 'Oh, I can't play at all, but 111 vamp a little, and sing something,' he said with an effort. Sattclifie raised his eyebrows with a slight supercilious smile that changed into a sneer, as tbe piano Btruck up in a brisk little chorus, and feet and voices kept time till the very walls rocked to the jovial sound ; Bridget and Sally looked in w*th undisguised admiratiun. Jim had no idea what a fortune lay before him had he but known, and the voice that might have charmed a world was wasted and spoiled in common uses. As the chorus died away he struck a few chords, and broke into an old ballad he had picked up in hi? wanderings, when or where he scarcely knew. There is a subtle magnetism in the hush of intense attention, that is almost an inspiration ; and the singer felt it in the air aB his voice rose and fell in the Btillness that seemed cnarged with living teeung. As tne last verse finished with a tenderness and passion of which he felt almost ashamed, Jim turned round at a tremulous touch on his shoulder and met die poor hopeless eyes of tbe Marquis. Jim was Dearer attaining the summit of popularity then than he might ever reach again, when the hearty vcice of old Beaumont as be called his helpers to the bar, broke the sp?lL ** Twice I heard that song sung ! The first time by Sims Reeves, when with a college chum I listened to the great singer in a London theatre, and now, a helpless wreck in this forsaken hole. Oh, they prophesied great tilings of me, but nonL- &o; strange as the truth. You don't drink, young man, then don't begin it. Look at me, and that one reason, ia more than a hundred volumes. I couldn't stop, if I would ; and I wouldn't if I could,' and the shaking voice ceased as the gaunt figure of the Maranis shuffled after the others into the bar. Jim felt some curiosity to learn why the piano had been brought, and next day found him again at Red Gully. He passed at once into the dining-room, where he found old George with a large red rilk handkerchief in his hand, dusting tbe piano, with the air of a nurse attending to a flipping baby. His large feet, incased tn immense slippers, travelled noiselessly round the shining instrument, as be flicked imaginary dust particles away. ' Hullo, George ! Have you taken to piano practise yourself, or for whom have you bought such a grand new piano ?' The old man started guiltily at The voice, and mopped his face with the handker chief. ' It is for my daughter, she will be here in | a week,' returned old George, with a wary eye on the smiling young face. even heard you had been married ; and now is it you have kept the fact of your daughter so dark ?' cried the young fellow gaily, as he seated himself on tbe end of tbe table. A vision, of Old. George's daughter (a younger copy of tbe queer figure before him with red hair and immense boots), seated at the grand piano, rose in his miud and tickled his tancy. Beaumont read the smile aright with his shrewd, small eyes ; and his expression changed. ' I don't know as there's auythin' special to grin at,' he said resentfully, ** She*ll be here by next Tuesday's coach. You've seen the picture of her yourself the fust day you 'Oh,'cried Jim with sudden interest, 'That your daughter, that pretty girl in the photo ! whocould imagine' — he stopped hurriedly.but old George had turned on his heel, and the I large slippers could be heard slouching along | the passage* Jioi waited for soQie time, but Beaumont did not return, so he got his letters and departed. He rode slowly homeward, noting mechanically the dry parched look of ; the ground, and the poor thin skeletons of ' cattle, and longed for the rain ; but the one '. thought that overbore all others was the re- j membrance of the sweet pictured face that , hud never left his memory, and the thought ! thai this face belonged to rough, coarse Old , George Beaumont's daughter. Then the ' college cap and gown, unless assumed in a frolic, meant surely an education above the . average. What could that poor young girl do I in that desolate spot, with no female society, unless at scattered intervals, a carrier's wife, or the two rough servants. What place would a refined girl find in that untidy, rough, careless, bush inn. On Monday morning Grey rode to the hotel, for he eirpeered some parcels, and was besides curious to learn how j events were progressing towards the j daughter's arrival. As he tied up his horse, he saw the tall form of Suttcliffe on the verandah, and somewhat wondered at his own | Etraiice antipathy, but at that moment he I saw the hotel-keeper at the back, making Quickly for him. Beaumoot was evidently uneasy about something, and fidgeted while Jim proceeded leisurely to make his horse 14 Come along this way Grey,'* gdid the old man at last, and there was an Apprehensive j gleam in Mb light- blue eyes. ' I've somethin' to ask you ; somctbin' special so to speak ; a favour like.' Jim followed him silently, as he led the way to his own room, a bare little room at the back of the dining-room. Jim's eyes travelled curiously round the poor little room, so bare and comfortless ; then be started forward ; there, on the shabby dressing table was the companion photograph to the one he had seen on the day of his arrival at Red Gully. Beaumont waved a large hand to the bed and Jim sat down* while the old man balanced himself on s. rickety case by the window. There was silence ; Jim waited in some surprise and amusement for the other to begin. The old man wiped his hot face once or twice, and watched the young fclloff with a curionB questioning intcntness. '-Well,' said Grey at length, 'what is it you want* I'm ready to do anything I can % short of money ? I can lend a Little if that's what's troubling yon.' Beaumont shook hie bead, then he stooped down awkwardly, and brought out of the box, on which be had been sittine, an old battered album. The large hands Lifted it tenderly, and the rough face looked almost beaudfuL ' Seems like I'd better tell it- from tbe beginning, and then you'll understand things better' he began, with a strange earnest look at the steady young face. ' Well ! It was like this. About twenty years ago 1 duiil ims nonet, it was a goou time, business brisk, carriers always passin', plenty thrivin' stations round, mostly cattle ones. That was before the big drought. Most of the stations round here belonged to a man McPherson, a hard man, but very just, I've always found him. He was makin' a good thing out of it ; and spent a lot of money in gettin1 all the latest, new-fangled improve ments. Alton Downs was the head station, and it was him had that big dam built, just a bit above my house here, where the creek was deepest. The fam'ly stayed at Alton, and they kept a lot of men round the place, and always bad plenty of visitors. The wife was a stout coarse woman, jost about able to write her own name ; he had married beneath hjtn. Proud, she'd beat creation for pore pride ! Tbe old man always gave tbe time of day and that, but ebe held herself high as Lucifer. They had a large famly, mostly girls, and what does their mother do but get a German dozen languages. The mii^n^ couldn't even speak her own tongue properly, but she beat all for pride ! I seeu the governess, a pale slip of a girl, pretty often, and she always had the polite word and smile. Well ooe mornin* tbe coach stopped at my door as usual ; and who does I see in it, but that German governess ; her eyes red with cryin', and her yellow hair shinic' out of the old coach. One of the men from the station had been eent to told we all about it. It seems Mrs. McPner boo had missed a diamond brooch, and made sure the governess took it. The thing couldn't be fonnd high or low ; and the poor girl had been sent to pnt it away, the last that was seen of it. The woman was pas sionate, like only a coarse woman could be, and then and there, dismissed the governess, and packed her »ff next mornin* without a cnaracrer, ana or ly me ijtne money owin , for the quarter w(g scarce begun. The poor young thing hadn X a friend in the colony, for Bhe'd come out in answer to an advertisement, and didn't know ??'here to turn. Well \ my blood boiled, when I thought of that poor friendless creature, sent adrift like that, and bv one of her own kind too, and I went out and told the girl I believed her, and asked her to mwry me. The poor thing seemed quite dazed, and helpless, and anyway she knew me ; and that George Beaumont was honest and true. There was a queer little priest stayiu' wiih me then. He used to make as he could. Vwood simple old fellow, and knew me well. Well the girl consented, and I had her poor HtUe bor carried in, and we were married there and then. The old priest gave his blessin', and left by tbe coach.' The old man stopped for a moment and fumbled with the album, then he drew out a faded photograph and gave it to the young man. A sweet girl-face with wistful eyes, looked out dimly from the blurred picture. ' Taken in Germany' he said simply, as he pat it reverently away. 'Ah lad ! you've heard, and read, likely, of broken hearts., but I think my poor girl had one. She couldn't get over the disgrace of bein' called a thief, and all the hard things that woman had said, burnt themselves on her brain, for ever. There was a uice4tt do, when Mrs. McPherson heard I had married the governess, but the fam'ly went to Sydney for a while Boon after. My wife was stand in' at tbe door, when the coach carce past, with that woman in it, and the look in her hard eyes just cut the poor thing like a whip, and she went inside, Bobbin' as if her heart wonld break. The year went on, and the fam'ly did not come back ; and a new manager, Mr. Morrison, und his young wife, were at Alton Downs. The lady took to my wife at once, and often came, and cheered the poor thing, for she looked like death. She used to say she would 1 be to live till her innocence was proved ; but the hot days came, and she grew ! whiter every day. She would look out anxiously, and pitifully, for a letter every mail, but it wasn't to be, and she died when our little girl was bom. I cursed that woman, j when I looked on the thin white face ; and j I've lived to see her proud head humble enough. I couldn't bear the little cryin1 child and Mrs. Morrison took her away to Alton Downs. Then the baby grew, a little Iaoghin* thing, but no: to talk yet, and the McPherao^'J came hack Mrs. McPherson came to me, and tolJ me the brooch baa been found, and Baid she -was sorry for the mistake. Sorry ! I let that woman hear the naked troth* for once, for tht. sight of her there so calm, and proper, mincin' out ber poor apologies, who had broken the heart of an innocent girl, drove me pretty well wild.' He stopped, and took a long look ont of the window* before he turned again to his quiet listener. ' She was frightened, *nd angry,' he went on 'and wondered, bow I dared — a common low fellow like me, talk to her, in that way. 1 told her that come to that, flesh and blood when it comes to love aod death is pretty much the same thing all the world over, and the little differences, on the surface, wasn't worth mentionin'. More I said, and she went away like she had Been already the ghost, I hoped would haunt her. Of course the Morrisons had to leave then ; and he got the offer of a good place in Tasmania. They had no children of their own, and the wife couldn't bear to part with little Christine, ehe. begged, and prayed, to keep the child, and edncste her ; till at last I said yes ; for this is but a rough place, for a little child to be brought op in, I never had no schooling myself, but I know the valley of it; none better ; even the poor old Marquis, when he's worst drouk- don't forget his learnin'. The Morrisons went away with my little Christine, crowin', and laugbin', iu the lady's lap, and I never seen one of them since, Tlien the drought begin, and the cattle died, ami eta-tici. after station was mortgaged to the bankx. Alton last of all, but it went in the ead. I felt sorry for old HcPherson when he came with his shoulders bent and his fine bead down and took his place in the coach with his fumly, and left the district for ever. Her high head too was down, and her eyes red enough, last time I seen her hard face, and I thought of the last look she gave my poor girl, aod couldn't feel sorry. They're poor enough now, leastways, I've heard tell, and the girls have to earn the bread they eat. I wonder if strangers are kinder to them, than their mother was to one friendless girl.' Jim looked at the queer figure and it seemed invested with the dignity of sorrow and pain. — He was about to speak. ' Wait a hit lad ! it's a long story and not finished yet. The first part was plain sailiD*. the other Fm not so sore of. You'll wonder why I tell you all this, tint's been my Be^.ret, for many a long day ; but you've as booest face* lad, and I trust you. It's past, and done now, any way, and can't be helped. I used to get a letter recrolariy, frrra the Morrisons, and though I can just about sign my name, 1 can mak* out wntin', 6d? enough ; and can manage my business. When Christine would be about six years old, I got a letter from Mr. Morrison, poor fellow '. bis wife had just died, and he didn't know what would be best for the little girl. Id tlbe meantime be had seat her to a girls' college, kept by a great friend of hia wife. The lady-principal, as be called her, had promised to educate Christine, though she was younger than they took girls, if I was willin', until she was eighteen. Morrison ex plained everything and oow good it would be for her. He named the amount I'd Deed to send every year, and said if it was too much, he would help me. Well ! it was a goodish eum of money, but she was my girl, and I wouldn't go to think of anyone else payin' for my Christine's schooling I don't siy,' he said thoaghtfully, 'but it's been sometbin1 of a pull these hard times, to send it regularly, but I never missed. My Christine was bein' brnng up a lady, and never knew what it was to be Bcrnmped.' Jim's eyes wandered from the bare room to the ehabby figure, and he saw before him the glad- silent sacrifices of years. 'Now,' the old man continued uneasily, 'cornea the shady part : how it all happened seemed queer, and just as if it couldn't be helped. LittLe Christine had her photo. taken regular, every birthday ; and wheo she was eight, she wrote a little letter, beggin' me to write aod Bend my photo.11 Beaumont stopped to laugh with Jim at the self-evident absurdity of such a thing. ' Well the letter bothered me a bit. You've seen the Marquis t' Grey nodded in some wonder. *' The Marquis,' Beaumont went on, ' is a re mittance man, the money comes regular and goes like the wind. We called him Marquis from his name, Reginald Sommerset, and from hin sort of fine ways. He had just come to Red Golly aboct a month, and he seemed a long-headed, clever chap ; and so be is, only ou the drink side. I asked him about it, and what does the fellow do but go and fossick out from his things, a pboto, of himself as a young man and said, to send that, what difference would it make to a kid. I never had took a photo., and couldn't very well get down the line to where I could get it done, and anyway, I'd made a. comical figure for any photo., so I took the thing. Aboui the letter too I asked him, and he wrote right off *he reel a letter himself, like from me. A beauri fnl letter it was, chockful of good advice, and such a hind '. only a little shaky. A real gentleman he is, nobody's enemy bat his own, he's been to Oxford ; he's a scholar and no mistake. He stayed here ever since, though he's always eayin' as ho* be'II give up the drink and do somethin' yet. Poor he tna'kea a' break, to' look for work, he say*., but he always comes ba.uk, more miserable than ever, Sjinee that first letter, he has always gone on answer-in' my little girl's letters. L'whaps sharH why [ let him hang round, though I have a likin' Lesides for the poor old Marquis. I generally Imve to eoIht with the things out of her last letters. 1 always see the letters first, and post them myself, but they're real beautiful Unites, fit to wake you weep, a parson couldn't come nigh them. The bigger his apree, the more adviue goes iu the next letter. I almost b'lieve he thinks the girl is* bis own somehow! and takes tbat pride in her letters ! Now ' and the hardly concealed anxiety broke o-it, ?' what I ask you to do, is. Will yon go to the Junction to-morrow and meet my girl, and break tbe facts of this here case gently ? You can guess we'd utrike a girl, as pretty rough ; besides/' he hesitated, wbi\e a dnskv flush rose to his rough face, 'the Marquis in hia letters always would talk pretty big, and make out Red Gully is a station, and Chris, fancies Fui a kind of big squatter, a Jimmy Tyson in a small way.' Jim whistled sharply, aud thought of the '?Look,'7 cried the father, 'Here's my little girl's photos., one a year since she was six. twelve in all ' The shaking hands ranged the photographs in order on the bed, beginning with the langoing chubby child, and ending with the picture of a fair faced girl in opening woman hood. There they were, and in each bright face there was a something, a subtle curious suggestion of sadness behind tbe surface brightness, a heritage perhaps from her heart nothin' life could give me,' broke in the low voice, 'it's all I got, for the years she lias been growin' up, since I lost the little baby ; Australia hasn't the gold, as would buy one of them there little photos.' Jim bent over the pictures, finding in each, the same sweet eyes, that met bis now, with the smile of old acquaintance. One, a little dimpled miss, with sparkling eyes, ami rounded checks caught his eye, underneath was written in a half-formed haml, ** To my Grey glanced up at the ungainly figure of the father, and his lips parted in a smile, that was wuouy one or pity. ' You'll do it, lad, won't you, think of the wanon'?' the father asked pitifully. The young man hesitated, between embarrassment, ** Oh, surely I you won't fail me, there's no one eke I'd trust like I do you, Mr. Grey ; and you seemed to be struck by tbe photo., the very day you come, that made me tbiuk of you. Just think of a delicate girl like this word.' '* Yes, m do I1-, though how I'm to make the girl understand, it uJI ; is the question ! IT1 tell her the whole story. Don't fear,' he added, as he noted the old man's haggard face. 'The girl will soon know and ap preciate her father's kiod heart.' The old man shoot bis bead doubtfully, and be-^.n to put away bis priceless pictures. The big red hands, lifted each with more than tbe delicacy of a woman ; and there was a pathetic look in the small faint eyes. ' I won't forget this iu a hurry, I thought I could depend on you,' lie muttered, as Jim left tbe room. Tuesday afternoon found Jim at the The coach waited ready by the railway gate. There was one passenger, by the train, and Jim felt, as she stepped on tbe little platform, that he had known her always. It was the face of the photograph, with living warmth and Light. The cheeks were flushed, like an opening rose. The eyes were the true blue and the hair the golden tint of the typical German maiden. Tbe skin was dusted over with a cloud of faint golden freckles, aad the hair round, the cars and neck twined in the softest little rings like a child's. The same tint of gold showed in the eyelashes, giving colouring ; a strange vivid brightness of youth, and beauty, and vitality. ' And rJiia is Old George Beaumont's daughter,' thought Jim, this girl who looked as though she bad fed on the roses and lilies of life, and had borrowed their hues ; and over Jim, as over the first man, swept the beauty, and wonder of young womanhood. Their eyes met and he saw again the vague pathetic look, that had come out with such subtle persistence, in tbe pictured face. He flashed and trembled as he went forward. ' You are Miss Beaumont,'' he said awk wardly, 'your father sent me to meet you j girl easily, ' will you see that my boxes are placed in the codch for me 't sincere feeling of anger, aod bad the luggage attended to. The girl watched everything, with bright curious eyes. She seemed slightly surprised, when, all beiug ready, Jim sprang into the coach boaide her, instead of the seat by the driver, but aaid uotliing. Jim's quick eyes saw the faint annoyance, and be flushed resentfully, but he remem bered his promise to George, ami won tered uneasily how he would begin. But the girl solved tbe question herself, she had noticed the quick resentful flush, and the bearing of the mm, struck h-?r as not quite of the o^Ter 'father's station ; and besides, the girl's kind heart would not allow another's feelings to lie hurt. ' I know ' &ke; began quietly, bat with a sligbt added glow, 'the station belonging to my father is pretty extensive ; but I left Red Gully as a baby, and this is my first visit. If you could -lesm'l-e persons and things, it would make it mwh easier, and 1 would be much obliged.' There w-ts something very winning in 'be gentle girlish dignity, and Jim gave one look at the ca.hu fair face, then braced himself. ' V. ait a immitc ' eried Christine, opening a little hand bag. 'I have this with mo alwu^8' Ills an oM photo of my father, the b' vahT U \i\ike\i\m uo^^nTulh^ I could pick htm out iu a. thousand I know ! i Is-n'f he hau'l.^^nip ^ I'm so proud of linn !'' Jin:' ; bund shook as he took the photograph , from the liLtle gloved hand. It was a faded photograph of a young man in earliest man iood, the fair, handsome, careless face of Reginald Somuierset in the bright days of bis promise and beauty. Jim's head swam as there rose before his eyes, the drink-sodden face of the poor Marquis, from the blurred features of which tbe gnost of the old beauty glimmered out, across the weakness, the wickedness, and the dissipation of years. The girl's eyes tilled with tears as she put the picture away, aod Grey saw with a curious thrill, the wealth of love that the poor girl had brought to lavish on a being that his own words would change into nothiugaess. ' I will tell you everything, if you will let me tell U like a story, it will be easier so,' but his heart misgave him. The girl's eyes turned to the dreary plains and she waited in happy patience. Jim plunged into bis story in desperation, and did not dare to glance at his quiet listener. She drew in her breath once or twice with a ehort sudden gasp, but the remorseless voice went on. The girl's figure became rigid, but she remained silent and motionless, to the end. - Jim turned to look at her, all the colour had ebbed out of her face, her lips were Bet in a faiut scarlet ' Don't, don't take it so,11 cried the young fellow in a burst of boyish feeling, ' Cry .it say something, scold somebody, but don't sit there so quiet and white.' ' What way shall I take it then,' said^ the girl in a strange, hard tone, ** I don't see any not right, to leave me all those years in ignorance, and break it to me so.' ' But your father did it for your sake, it all bceuu-d to lu.ppi.-n in a. strange fatalistic way. He bus denied himself much all these years, and pinched and saved to give you an educa tion. It is your father, remember.' 'And that it is my father who deceived me, does that make it no harder?'1 The words came slowly, and the girl kept her eyes turned away, while the under lip quivered slightly, and a hundred tender, comforting words rushed to Jim 'a lips, tuid remained uii &P;' /'think,'' the girl turned wiih a faiut smile, ' I ought to beg y-^ur pardon, for order ing you round (it first. I thought you were odc of my father's men.' Jim protested eagerly but awkwardly, and a silence fell, that both seemed unable to break. The long dusty road seemed unendiug, Jim's glance wandered from tbe dry plain with the gaunt ghost-like gam -trees, to tbe quiet set face ol bis compaJiioa. The girl shuddered, and looked in wonder at the stern, set face of the young mail, witb the blue eyes clear and cold, aud ibe firm lips pressed together, but her thoughts were turned away from herself for the moment The sun was almost setting, wheo the coach rattled up to the door of the Red Creek Gully HoteL The bright clear rays of tbe setting sun, threw into l-Iet uncom promising relief, every detail in the tumble down building. Every broken pane of glass, every untidy odd and end, from the blackened kitchen chimney, to the dusty worn out steps, seemed thrown into startling promin ence. Tbe group that gathered at the steps, sordid background. There were the usual unkempt- looking loafers, and the bright rays did uot spare the rough figure of Old George. The unused look of the black clothes be was wearing, seemed to emphasise the redness of the coarse hair, and face and hands. The light-blue eyes had a look of anxiety, that he sought to hide with a bluff geniality. In sharp contrast to the whole group could be seen the tall, handsome figure and bright dark face of Jack Suttcliffe, with his air of amused spectator in the scene. Behind them all, like au evil shadow, hovered the gaunt figure of the poor Marquis. The girl turned t-- Jiin with a quick look, and in the eyes, he read something of the doubt, and fear, and repulsion uuconfessed, that was surging in the girl's heart. He seemed to the poor girl the only friend in a land of strangers. But she did not speak. The coach stopped, and Jim handed the girl out. The father greeted her with a stninge uir of frightened effusiveness, but introduced her to the others with evident pride. Some of the men helped Jim witb the Iwk, and Jack Suttclitfe went inside with Beaumont aud bib daughter. Grey saw that his horse was ready for him, but he waited round irresolutely, hoping tliey would re appear. No sign of them appeared, boivcvi-r, aud he mounted in somt anger, for surely the beeu to have thanked him. The'Manjuis was n-alkiiur slowly down the bridle-path, ahead of him, and Grey pulled up his horse for a chat, for there was something likeable about the poor n reck. He seeined in one of his brood in' silent moods, however, and paid no heed to Grey's friendly words, but as Grey started acain he cried out, aud Jim bdlted. 'Stop a minute!' There was a troubled look in the worn face 'It was a strange home coming to yon lonely girL l'oor thing, poor beautiful lonely girl, she makes me think her*-JreyTfor shell feel the need of a frieud like you in this desolate spot.' Jim rode on, touched more by the look than the words. Next day he called, but he only saw the father ; as he was returning, he beard the rin*T of hoofs from the opposite direction, ami saw the black horse of Suttcliflc with its daring rider. As lie was mounting, Suttelitfe was drawing rein, a**.-l the last thing he saw was the calm, insolent smile in tlioso black eyes, as the rider tied up bis horse to a post. Jim's horse suffered on the homeward journey, and some of the black passion that struck Jim's heart when h-- met his rival's suiiki, he worked out in tliai furious ? rid... He knew now, and why, he had j always hated th* man, \vh«v.e first contact j Etui M Alton the stem fctru^-ly for existence ', ww kirforc him. The bca-vuus nitre brass, i and the cattle were dying daily. The water I I in the danu was disappearing, aud his eyes I I were turned liojielvasly, but un wearied ly to1 1 the cloudless skies. Some times the clouds gathered, tbe dust whirled in tbe storm, aod a drop or two fell, but tbe skies cleared again, and the whole earth cried out for the rain. He passed by Red Gully often, but his eyes were seldom gladdened by ereo a fleeting glimpse ; instead they caught sight sometimes of tbe black horse tbat he bad begun to bate, as he did his master. One afternoon he went to Bed Gully for hia letters, and be deteruuhed to see Christine, even if Snttcliffe should be present. As he drew near the slab fence, a pretty picture caught bis eye. There was Chiiprine giving food to a gaunt gin aud her chufcly pica-nniny. The sun shone on the bright hair under tbe shady bat, on tbe white clinging dress, and the black Bkias of the darker race, »nd the whole croup stood up, vivid as a dream -picture. Jim faulted, and the girl looked up. He sprang at once from his horse, tied him up to the fence, and vaulted over. The girl's eyes noted the lithe, easy grace of the figure, balf unconsciously. They were both embarrassed, the remembrance of the coach ride, and tbe strange story, lay between, and after the first greeting, an awkward silence fell upon them. ' I can only thank yon again ' said Christine, with a slight flush, 'for taking the trouble to break it all so kindly to me .that day.' 'Oh !' said Jim, quickly, ' It was nothing at all, but' he hesitated, 'How are yougetting on now, does Red Gully seem more home like ?' ' My father's house ' said the girl proudly, 'of course must he homelike. This is the house in which I was born. ' i-_. i.:. i.:.. i:— -—.i , i.n.._L.« «.f »i,n «?-)--» white face, wheu lite story had been told, anil tbe misery in tbe blue eves, vrhen the coach had stopped at tbe door. The girl seemed to enjoy bis crestfallen air, and waited for him to speak. Grey felt ill at ease, and ' Mr. Grey,' tbe voice was kinder in tone, ' I thinL- we will have tbe rain to-day. I re member your words, and every day I look for the clunds, to-d^y iK seems to me the rain is in the air.' Jim's heart bounded at the idea conveyed in her words ; abe bad thought of him then, after alL His face brightened as he turned to go. As be mounted his horse, the girl came slowly to the fence, and rested a little white hand on the rotujh block. ' I -iid not tell tht truth,' she said in a low tone. *' No, it is Dot like home ; mv father is the kindest man ; but I can't feel for him as a daughter should. The rough ways, tbe drink, the whole hateful, wicked trade Oh ! I hate it all. There isn't one I can talk to as a friend. But yon. must not think I am unhappy. I am getting used to it' piteously, 'Ian. getting used to it.' The voice broke, and the girl rushed sway, but not before Jim had seen the tears fall from tbe sweet eyes, and the pitiful quiver of the red onderlip. His utter powerlessness chafed, and angered him, aud the eight of Old Beaumont was a welcome distraction. Old George looked older, mid more worn than neatness about him, that struck the young man pathetically. The old fellow seemed glad to sec biui, but Jim could cot help noticing, a deepening in his air of hopelessness, when he spoke of his daughter. Won by the young man's friendly interest, Beaumont poured out his troubles. TTU fears that poor Christine was enhappy, how he couldn't feel that this strange young lady could be the baby, taken from him. Such a beautiful giri, and kind and good ; bat their ways were altogether diSerents. He could see ber shrink from his touch ; aod the bold looks and wave of the men who came to tbe hotel, frightened her. She looked as if she wonld faint, the day she had found htm thrashing aud swe ing at the lazy, thievish stable boy. M.. Suttcliffc seemed to understand her better, and -would spend the hour together amusing ber, and talking over places he'd been to. But the poor girl was too quiet and lonely, and seemed happiest bitting by the piano, in the dusk, singing to herself. 'Twafl enough to draw tears to your eyes to bear her sing. Her own father ! and he felt more a stranger to her than anyone How he bad looked forward to her coming ; and now the photos seemed to belong to hitn more than the living girL Jim's heart ached with both who had each made him their con fidant ; and his words of comfort seemed tame a.nd commonplace, but Beaumont seemed a little brightened by the friendly words. 'Say ! Grey,' said Beaumont in a much lighLer tone. ' It is Christmas next week, spendin' New Year's Kve, We'll have a^re gular party ; my girl will play and sing ; you'll sing too. We'll have Suttclifie and one or two others. Will yon come?' Would heir Grey left for Alton Downs with happy anticipations. L-iiriBUne s prapuecy proved a true one, for he was but half way home when the storm caught him. The lightning flashed, the thunder pealed almost continuously, while the rain fell in one rushing sweep. The wind drove ihe ruin against bis cheek, like tbe lashing of tiny whips, and the warm moist air rose to bis face with a subtle intoxicating suggestion. Grey felt something of the wild exhilaration of the savage id this struggle -wit li the elements ; and he galloped bis horse furiously, and yelled, aud Bang in the wild concert. He was drenched in. a few moments, and a pleasant chill came iuto the air. Now but he rode through all with the reckless courage of a charmed life. He said to him selft he could almost eee the yreeu fingers of tbe grass, push up through the grey brow a earih. The roofs and sheds of Alton came into M^htand -liin slowed his horse into a smart trot, and the stranye wild sympathy with tlitifitarm passed from bun. All night luug the rain fell, and Jim waked and dnzed to the welcome sounds, uhile his dreaming eyes saw again the slender white robed figure, with the tender little hands, on the shoulders of her dark-skinned sister. Steadily through the week the rain fell, bat in spite of heavy roads Jim found his way to Red Gully on Christmas morning. He saw Christine for a moment to wish her ' a merry Christ tnas,M us she passed by the verandah. The face seemed chinner, the oright colour paling, and the sad toach in the beautiful eyes seemed deepened, or it seemed so to Jim. His eyes followed the slender graceful figure id the simple dark dress, and he wondered what made her look so different to other women ; for to his eyes there was but oue womdn now in the whole world. His thoughts were put to flight by the arrival of Suttcliffe. The instinctive dis like of both men, came out curiously in their curt greeting. Beaumont came ou the verandah almost immediately. ** Well gentlemen ! I suppose you're both happy in the rain. Lucky lor us all the drought's broken up. ' ' Rather,' said Grey, *'lf now we don't have too much of a good thing. What about the dam above the house V 'Oh, don't fret yourself. That dam was well built, it will stand a fairish flood any way.' 'Grey wishes to pose as a prophet' said Suttclifie dryly, with a sneer that was more in the tone, than the words. ' I hope you'll both give us vour company on .new 1 ear s eve, gcmienien : saia Beaumont, with an amused twinkle from one grim face to another. general. Jim wailed in the hope of sr-eii-^ the mind of Suttdiffe, each determined to outstay the other, lint it grew so late, and the girl did not reappear, that both were forced to go. As Sutt2lifc sprang on his fiery-looking horse, aud roJeaway ; Jim could not but acknowledge to himself, with a sick feeling of jealousy, that lie was a strikingly handsome man, and the »ery type to take a young girl's fancy. whole face of the couutry hus changed with its vivid green garment, as the New Year drew near. Jim counted the days anxiously, aud looked forward eagerly. He tiopdd the wet season was over, siuce it had comt; in so early. Enough raia hud now fallen, more would be almost aB bid as the drought. It might now be difficult to get in to Bed Gully, but he was determined to go ; e/eu UioosU be and his horse should liave to swim for it. When he woke on the eventful momiug, the rain had ceased, and the sky looked promising. He rode along the bridle pdtli in the gayest spirits. The track was almost lost in the fresh crass, aud some of the trees blown down in the storm were hi :den under the quick dense tropical growth. The cattle he passed seemed different creatures. The world seemed fresher, aud younger, and brighter, and he had changed with nature. The hard look had left the keen blue eyes, and the crim lines were fading away from the siiuarccut face, with its resolute month and chin. There was less of conceit, and more of hu»iAii kindness in tue character, that the world had hardened, and a woman's influence had softened. Red Creek Gully Hotel was smothered in greens; boughs waved from every post, and every nail, or hook, held a wealth of blossom or vivid green. Old George rushed here, and there, with a face of happier preoccupation, than Grey had ever wen- Even the Marquis seemed sobered into respectability. The company had pretty well arrived, when Grey came, ind most of the 'uesttL with the notable except ion ot -uttcune, wore a curious look, of uunsual aud unu=ed to carefulness in dross. The long dark dining-room had been turned iuto a greenery with waving branches. Under the drooping branches, the vivid face of Christine gleamed out like '* a rose embowered in its own green leases.1* Jim flashed under her quiet pre^c inc and the flush deepened as he met the 8ardasti-: glance of Ja=k Sutwliffe, whose d.trk eve* smiled, curiously, before he lurued thum admiriiicly on the girl. The look expressed that1 ^]^aWSlHUi c\°aS^°dS StTeTs°e7ve\' iiutinctivel-' aud he longed to dash hi* list into the calmly sniiKuj: face, and cake that insolent look from it for ever. The other »w the miserable chafed spirit he had awakened, aud the feeling of mastery was iucen*e to his nostrils. The girl felt mthur than saw the eubtle antagonism, but resolved to Wring a happier spirit to the board. To Grey there was something pathetic in Beaumont s air of effusive geniality. He seemed to watch his Joiner's every glance and movement, with a deprecatloR anxiety ; auu to ,ee ... euc, slip in table manners would strike her vyo. The girl seemed oppressed urn, and grew paler iLs the time weut on. With Ins i.le m of hospitality Beaumont would h*vc dimmed it impossible lo do without liquor; and the moat' expensive wines, and spirits, were put on the table Beaumont himself was always ] Sutlcliflc barely touched ; but some of the others were not no careful. Eyes flaSh,.l bri=l''I-';^f^s\vrcarin'*uUffJTaoUChrUt'i,,ef hroiurht un bo carefully, the very idea of drink was dreadful, and I he loader voiee. ' filled her Mith a Mils.- o! fear. W hit-r an.l whiter the girl's cheek grow, and her eyes became strained and anNioas. Hrey had dropped into silence, when the others bejau. He glanced at the girl, a curious reeling passed over him. So still, so white so far removed from her companions, ' sue pui stranse memories in his head,' she was the Lady in Comns, she was Una amon^the «l.l Mmptrc,' he '/nought, 'iri?b 'thai 'pitiful, pathetic little figure. He turned to fcaumot.t and frlanecd sigmbcantly but sternly, to tlie daughter. The father took the hint at ouce, and the room was quickly cleared, an.l most of them gathered round I lie piano. Chrutioe had a tender sympathetic touch, ami the room sauk inlo silence under ihe spell ,,f njOBic Remembering his former success, lie:cners received the songs. Christine looking ' gmuintiy surprised, Suttcliffe unwillingly ad- 1 mil ing, the others heartily apuldudiug. The face of the Marquis as ou? old ballad after ajiotber was sung, changed and altered into something, that showed bow noble a nature, had been wrecked in tho^e wasted, wicked years. The beautiful voice rose, an-l fell, thrilled, and echoed in that little bush inn, till Christine forgot to play, in listening to the singer ; and Suttcliffe, touched, forgot to exaltation, and the fleeting feeling passed, Grey returned to earth with the feeling of having made himself ridiculous ; and the un happy look came back to the eyes of father and daughter. Suticliffe was tired of forming an oruamenial background, and booh begin a conversation with Christine. He had the curious art, when he wished, of making hid others who might join, to exclude themselves. Jim eoon found himself, practically, cold shouldered by his rivaL Jack Suttcliffe was a brilliant talker, and as he bent with seemed to amuse and interest. Her face lighted up into brighter beauty, and Jim, in off the picture as the lamp light fell ou the dirk handsome hf*ad, aud ihe golden one together. How still aud watchful he had shoulder. ' Dull arc you, Mr. Grey r 'Faint heart?1 you kuow the rest.' Jim turned angrily, to meet the Marquis. The man seemed perfectly sober ; and his air ' N'ow,' the Marquis slipped quietly into a. chair beside him. ' Don't be down-hearted. I'm on your side anyway. You sn.ile, well, 1 don't wonder, au old wreck like me is little poor feUow, aud took bis eyes away 'fro:n the 'Ah ! you don't half know hon rich you are. If I were only young again like you, with a clear eye, and brain, and in love with a girl like that. It is worth losing the game for that lone. What's that Tennyson says * ' Better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all' Queer isn't it ; you may well irunkeu old fool like me, quoting a poem like that.' ' I wish,' said Jim simply, ' I had had your chance at learning. I've palled myself up anyhow.' ?'And all the use I've ever male of it,' retorted the other bitterly. 'Life isn't over yet, ' Jim flushed, but be went on earnestly, with a thought of the poor Start afresh.' The old mm gazed weakly, hopelessly, at the strong young lace, and his whole look changed. ' I will,' he cried feverishly, ' I'll have another try. It's seeing your young face aud hers, lialf stirs in me a hope at this late point. But I've trial. Oh, I couldn't tell !i?« often, but back I would come again worse tlias ever. Perhaps you wouldn't think that a beautiful girl like that oae youJer, had promised to be dead, poor girl ! and I'm the drunken loafer, of a wretched bush inn.' When the weak old voiec stopped, Jim woke to the fact that the rain wj- falliu:; in creek, and knew that the upcountry raius in the higher proundB must now be coining to swell the volume, and he felt » slight f.ar about the dam above them. But he thought how many times Red Greek Gully Holi-1, must have stood the floodd ..f the rainy season, ar.d ,mil.-,l a himtelf. O:d Beaumont Mine over l.e-i.lj (ire*', an,! the Mai.iilis tilim-l and 11,111;; iii,u«!f i..t. u viualler oh.ir ou UK ullier 'Me »f lli' r.*»ii. 'Hve falh.-r tavnol l,i, eye* first .... .!,.? b-M, thru xitll .m i:.mie-:l look, upon theyonn- iil.iu beside hi.. I. Jim mei the loo); in ale... ly silenrc Tli.- nl.l umii leant forward, and shook b.ii.la m-1 ???n.ily. ' Thought so, lad '. au.l I cu'il.ln't wish happier. J^ot us I know about her ; I oilier ; handsomer, and what do I kuow about young girls' fancies. I says to myself, it couldn't be expected that a girl like that could stay Ions here ; Ami though she tries to hide it, she as the vouu' man seeiueu going to ureau in. \- I'm kind eu.m.-h you mean. Yes ! I kuoiv that well eu.i.i -h, but we're somehow strau-er* | w.-etli.-r. You au.l her ire more akin like ; so o SulK-lirle ; aud iniriied aud livin' at one of tlie s'atious, I wouldu t lose her al 'ke rt-ippcJ fora minute, one great red hand nervovislv brusbin^ up an.l .Iowa liU kufe, while he'st«re.l as hai.l at ihe other, as if ilie solution of ill.- .lini.uliy l*y in ihe deep dark fijttiS. ( .rey liotened »il}i sirange feelings of mingled exultation, an.l jeilouyof hi. rival. ' You'll nuylu s niU at lliis,1 ol.l lie.umont went on, 'bin there isn't ani-hl. I don't .'O over those photos of my i-i.i : and I make 'myself believe, a bit, iImi .lie's 1,. .n willl i.e all those years ; ai:d that little fillip ] my Ul lie fiiris '. not a fiue learned young la.ly, who has to learu to love a father, she but cheated her all the same, oue year ou to another, lliem photos look at ine, aud ainile, auJ say the things the real girl would never biV ' ' Oh it will cm r«L: some ,Uy ' »aij Jim, - there', .he New Year to put right I 111- n.Mak.-bof I1..-1..1-I. '' .li.il luriK.I to Ihe clock and M» it w.,:lie.l hiii.-rlAlial lie w.iul.l be the firsl one to «i,h ChuSii.nc 'A happy 5few Year. Christine aud ^uttclili'.- were talking together, add Jim kept bis ryes doggedly n\ed on the clock. The magic acconuT Uad come, Jim sprang | quickly across the room and taking the girl's hand, had the pleasure of greeting her with New Year's wishes before the startled Suttcliflc realised what the movement meant. | It was such a little thing, but a distinct triumph Jim felt, as he caught Suttclifle's chagrined expression. ' That's what we should call a sign,' one of the country wits broke in. 'Shows who you'll see most of for the New Year.' The girl flushed quickly, and drew back hoped was due to the attempted witticism, and not to him ; but the fresh young voice with its friendly greeting touched her, and Boon the room was a babel of irell wishes. The Marquis came forward with an elaborate compliment, and Christine eeeined amused, for lic&Tii; her laugh before, a.utl tht room seeineA to tlirill with the soft low music Her father brightened at once, and when the girl drew quietly beside him, they seemed to fiud some thing of their lost kiuship. Grey glanced at the pair, and saw iu tlic softened look of the old man, a subtle deetiug resemblance to the fair girl beside him. It was surely a good omen for the year, that had dawned. The rain was falling heavily still, with a steady Beaumont would not hear of his guests leav ing in such wear her, bo Red Gully Hotel was t-oiuewhat straitened, to accommodate ail. To Snttcliflc ami Grey was assigned the best Jim stopped for a word with the Marquis. ' \ es lad ' It's another trial. I'm goin^ to turn over a new leaf for this year. A happy spoiled hi* own itlJ, wishes that the desire of your heart may be given you. As who's this 'ays, ' Take from my mouth the wish of happy years.' Jim could hardly help laighing at the ' bookish ' style of the old fellow, aud the litra nevertheless ; and he wondered whether strength of will to refor.n at this late day ; and it wis with kindly eyes lie watched the tall stooped figure leave the room. The Marquis said a word in passing to Christine, who stood in the doorway, holding a lamp in one hand. The bright light threw up the git* l*s figure into bright distinctness against the shadow of the doorway, and then she passed out of view Grey and Suttcliffe were tsULaamg mgeiucr uv», a.uu tH/tu ncre t.miig towards the doorway, then as the figure of the girl had vanished, their eyes met. It was a look not (rood to m^et in either face. them. They saw that it was built somewhat lower than the rest of the Uoose, beiug scarce above the grouud, to jaiige Yiy the su»ps ihai led fruui the diiiitigrooiu to it. cor some time Crey felt excited, and unable to sleep, rain minting in his dreams, tvith Christine's fiit a slender white robed figure, holding in one white hand a lamp, whose rays shone bricht on her yellow hair ; old Beaumont's face came before him now and then, always with thai hidden look of strained anxiety. Then he fell into steady slumber. The grey diiv.-u was jusf beginning to struggle with the be roke, with a si range senst; of overli&Dgiaa;£ danger. He reni-uncd perfectly ruotioDless, listeoinii. A curi us rustle caught his ear, water wu uu beyond hia ankles. RedCreuk tiully was flooded. He in-ide at once for the table, struck a match, and lit the lamp. Suttcliffe stoad fully dressed by rhe door. Grey turned to the other a look of absolute contempt, ani. proceeded, to dre&s; himself rapidly, and in complete silence. The steady tin- ivascr, HIIlvI i-i liie siU- nce. » 1 wto just -aims -o wiL«.i you,' s.uucliffe hild Llic k-wil» of thy dour witli «iw hand, nud (ho Lol.l blji-^k eyes fell aliyluly. ' «m 1 ili.)ii-!.i 1M roa* tUe oiiicr- tin.t, \\\i^ Uc^v ™nlhl™hJX\\\l'°l i Vl!yivay'!° WUy ''you' vlou t ihink mo cowartl enough to Icavo vuu asleep, if I th'jiu'ht there was danger f I w dated to yei t!n- credit, if you will have it, of being the one who will be first to wvn th~ nt liens : her, most of alL'' The wonla wore reaiiy, ana usienea in giience. iou aou i beiicve me ! only that time's precious, I'll Ict you see there isn't much of rhr .-fiM-ai-d al^out me, whatever there may be ;'.'? n;- y,.ursi-'If.' Fro to the time ( -rey !idd tirst Witki'nei.l^ mcm'splaih : .. -'.,]'' I lie 'till form of Sutuliffe ha..JU- Ke ,L..'...l ou ihe step above, beyond Ihc wjt.-r. ??Ti.il'c auoul all Ihe crcuil it as well your own.' Jim enjoyed the siiujiioa :is ihe tall lijiure rose- like i «cl ou, an.l l:e hurle.l die »ur,ls .Ion n lo him, ?' There luayu'l l.e da=-.Ker. I dou'l eM- vt lli.'ie is. liul I !?'?'?' 1 -?'*' do the waruin^' as ^utI^:lilie spring up theatopslikt- a panlhi-r, and the two men grappled. Sutli'lilTe »o- tall, and his loug arms gave him the a.ivaut i^L', but IJrey was better traiuol, every tnusole even, despite the dispurity in siie. The long ouiouldering hate in both hearus, had worked dormant but^ unnv7ike'n-'d|' b'nrat 'llirouij'h'ilic li.r i.-r- of rvi.tr.iim and clucalion ' ''lie lleavim: i-hetl» aud H^in.iL' --v t-» lul.l of :he Malldl-iu-d UC th'°°™nt.-»',r l'1'Jv''1'';*.' of tlitiir stru'jliug Lad aioustjii ilie house, for iu ' jll ihe rooms niighi be licurd aOUnda Ot liicvcuieiitt 'WitU ? & sadden sharp vrrench Grey pulled him self an'ay, and in the same inBtant tripped bis opponent, who fell heavily. Before he could recover Grey had his knee on his chest, and the man lay breathless and helpless. The grey davrn w-is upon them now, and in the cold light the flashed rage-distorted faces, looked fierce and crueL ' A dull boom ing sound fell upon their eats, and in the reality of a great fear their paltry jealousy died out like an evil dream. Iu both eyea the same wild thought looked out, 'He dam has given way at last.' Grey bent to his companion, and dragged him to his feet. Suycliffe put bis hand to hie head in a dazed way. ' Forgive me, old fellow, our lives, and others worth more, will go for onr foolish ness, I am afraid,' said Grey shamefacedly. The passage was crowded in an instant with white staring faces. The water was pouring along the floor, but the flood was not down yet. Five minutes more, and Red Golly Hotel would be swept like drift wood before ' For your lives make for the hill behind the house.' It was the voice of ihe Marquis, age and weakness had left the tones, and the voice rang out as clear aud high as when the young Oxonian blie had led bis crew to Pell-mell along ihe passage all rushed along, Suttcliffe, Grey and Beaumont, taking their places beside Christine. The water grew deeper every instant, the roar of the coming flood nearer. Christine st ambled and feU into ihe water. ' Jim,' cried the girl wildly, ' Save me !' Suttcliffe and Beaumont drew back. It was enough. In that moment of supreme peril, there was something more bitter than death for two of them. Ope chosen. In her wild fear, the girl hardly knew that she hid called on one, when three hearts waited on her ; and Jim could only feel that in her direst need, the girl had turned to him alone to aid her. It was the inevitable, and the others drew aside. With a sharp breath, that was almost a gasp, Beanmont stood stilL Then he turned sharply, and made for the room he had but left ; Snttcliffe, absorbed in his own pain, diet not see him slip post ; but one did. .After the hurrying ungainly figure, came a tall gaunt one. W hen Deaumnnt emerged from hi& room, Jie held in one hand an old tattered album. The wafer was past his knees now, and he stumbled on, hardly noticing the figure beside him. ** Jfow Sominerset ! Why ain't you witJi the otners. ine question ciuueia aurned gasps, and the two pushed on, side by Bide. 'Thought I'd wait lor company, the others are pretty well up the hill, by now.' ' It's them photos ; don't see how I canie to forget them afore !' The eld man stnmbled down the steps, and the Marquis followed him. The water was breast high and Beau mont slipped, aud snnk out of eight. The Marquis caught sight of a dark patch, and pulled the old man upright, the book clasped still iu his hand. 'Always thought too much water didn't agree with me, ' cried the Marquis with a strange gaiety. They were but « step or two from the foot of the hill ; and could see the others ascending. It was yet scarcely four minutes since the tir&t; roar of. the breaking dani. Their ie£t wero on the rising ground, when, with the roar of an angry beast, the mighty uarers came upon them. Like helples* figures were swept away. One. wild cry echoed above the sound of the waters, and the group on the ascent turned in horror. For an instant they could see the two figures plainly. The Marquis seemed struggling towards them, with his lelt band grasping and supporting Beaumont, then they sank out of sight in the yellow waters. An insteot later, with a strange rasping sound, the whole hotel collapsed, and, broken intu drift-wood, crashed along ihe torrent. The group above, w ho had bnt escaped the same fate by a moment or two, stood still, helpless and horrified. Oiristiue hank to the ground sick, with the u-rror und awe of the crisis- Tbey bucittud &1»MM; I him; on ibe hillside wiiilt their world s-inU in tlm ' IMuRe.' Slowly the rush of waters died away, till of ilie flood, th.Tc only rciiMincd ihu auolk* creek, running u& it a.K\ays did in flood time. 1 lit rval *litiua.^« hu.U. Wen done by tlit uct^uiuulutt^i waters in I lie diim above, breaking frtuii their Iwmdd, in oue tfre^t wave. The dark eyes of Jack Suttcliffe weie tixed on the retreating wutfTs with something of bitterness, and Dain. {ivrliapja, iu tUc feiill depths. Sooieihinc ia jtis life had been bivept aw*y in the flood. Something of scornful wonder at the girl's choice, so qie t hing of the cold depression of lieftai, souictliinc perhaps, of tho i»oin oi & life* 'a los»^ niij^ht have bt-eu iq jhe glance turuiug Jdrkly un the falling waLers ; but the colj Cilin fd« gi»o liule traoe or tokea of much iCTiing. Ti.e bodies of both niun were fouuii t liiL at' tfruooa, luf l strauded beside a A»° O.rey lojkrf at the uoru-out face of SoniiuefbcL, iuto n'hich dcalh had brouchl a »trini;c look of his far-off )x-yish beaut}-, lie thought of the vrordb of the poor u*aif, j.ist Iht: ni^ht before, and how gtraDgcly late hd.l takeu him at bis word, unJ bc^uii for him ihe ncu life for Ihe Xew V.-.r. lu.a pookel-bouk waa found „ uuiiiljL-r irf L'lieia and a lock of hair that illicit h^vc l^'Cu takua from (.'hrisune's own lie;id, f-iUot in a paper on which wob written 'l Aii'^,' and a. dule of a quarter of a century ago. l*oor, faiile, wasted life, what pitiful life nt ory lay behind that shining tress. ' Only a woman's lidir,' JonathiUi Swift has saiJ, in wools that i-over a heart break. The life that had been thrown away, though v.iiiilv, U*v another, liiiJ Ku:cly begun tiie NVw \ car wt'll ; the itruiiiw nuw yeiii* of eleiiilly. - Xolhiu- iu hU life became him Ilk-.' tlje Iiavinj! ol it.' Both faoe» had 1« eu Kit iiiisoari.-.!, ami iliac of Beaumaut iu-4 ilili, triuniphaut smile, like one who hus-4ttaiucj his goal and U satisfied. And yet : the irony of Fate, tlie poor pictured faces he had given hie life to preserve, lay scattered and torn around him, or had been borne away in the flood to join the great river that carried the waters of Red Creek to the sea. On. the ea.tne day and in the same qoiet nook of Red Creek Gaily, George Beanmont and Reginald Somraerset were buried. Christine's wet eyes turned, from the spot that covered the face of the one she had loved and idealised in girlhood as her hand some father, and with htm seemed buried those quiet happy yean ; and the rough coarse features, and ungainly figure that hid the kind father-heart she had scarce learnt to prize before ehe had lost it, and met the steady eyes of her UviDg friend, as Jim drew her away from the spot. ? 