Wat fJadiammt LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday. November 13. The Council was rauher fastidious on Tuesday, tryiug 'a little of everything' on the bill of fave. Ino leas than six uieasuree were discussed, but altogether a satisfactory day's work resulted. The small attendance in the galleries was probably caused by the inter colonial cricket match, over which many of the members themselves seemed greatly excited. They were kept) well primed with the ** very latest' from the ground, and when Mr. Ward received the intelligence that as many as nine of tha visitors were out for such a small score he could net refrain rom announcing the result to his fellow legis lators and speaking of the prowess of the local team. Later on in the day, when good pro gress had been made with the nojjice-papsr, he asked the Chief Secretary to adjourn so that members might see the last of the play. ' We'll just rattle off this last Bill,' eaid the Chief Secretary, but before it was finished stumps had been drawn. Talk opened on the Taxation Bill, and over an hour was spentindis cussing the definition of an 'absentee.' Mem bers did nob seem at all clear as to 'what really constituted an 'absentee' under the Bill, and Mr. Gordon was besieged with questions on the point. ' Would Mr. Basedow when he went away for three years be considered an absentee?' asked Sir E. T. Smith. 'Under the Bill,' replied the Chief Secretary. ' Then it shows the absurdity of ib,:- retorted the knight. Quite a number of other caBes were cited. One member wanted to know in the event of a man leaving his house behind him if he would be considered an absentee. ' If eo,' said Dr. Magarey, ' there should be a pro vision that a man who brings his house with him is not an absentee.' ' Well, snails carry their housea on their backs,' observed- Mr. Ward, ' but what constitutes residence ?' ' A man's residence is where he has his home,' responded the pleader o£ the Council, but M.r. Ward reminded them thao a man might) have a good many homes. ' And a good many wives, toj,' added Mr. Robinson. Air. McGregor thought members were fighting 'ghosts,' while Mr. Rusaell considered they were going for *' bogies.' However, on Mr. Ward moving a proviso to the definition, the Chief Secretary said he would like to have time to consider the point, acd pro gress was reported. In a short speech Mr. Gordon moved the second reading of the Factories Bill, and the debate was adjourned. Then gthe amendments of the House in the Vermin Bill were considered, and all agreed to, buo not before considerable objection bad been raised to the proposal to restrict the operation of the measure to fencing. Mr. Duncaa mentioned thatamember of the Lower Chamber had suggested that as the Bill had been so much altered id should be called ' The Rabbit Warren Bill,' so that Mr. Warren's labor in connection with it should go down to posterity. ±he second reading ot the iilec toral Bill was carried, and it was taken into committee. When clause 12 was reached, however, the committee resumed, and the Chief Secretary moved the secoud reading of the Licensed Victuallers Bill, the provisions of which he lucidly ex plained. During his speech Mr. Robineon in terjected ' Is it proper that sweeps should be conducted in Parliament.' Mr. Gordon re minded him that sweeps could be conducted in a private house or private place. * ' But is the Assembly Chamber a private place,' asked Mr. Ward. The Chief Secretary was inclined to think so, but said the smoking-room at any rate was. Members were not disposed to con tinue the debate on the Bill, and Mr. Ward secured the adjournment. The Federal Council Bill was taken through committee, and the third reading fixed for next day. and as 6 o'clock the Council adjourned. 