LOC A I ANO GRVE R A L. A clinng- tj -k p a',- in the w>athir on Tnsiday nvoaiug, iml nhout hil f-pu- 1 11 a steady rain But iu, whioh conrio >ud for soot!) time. Eirly yratinifty mo'niuE; a fresh N W. ca'e -praog up, «ni up about 8 o'o'm-k lh-i weather whs cloudy, with psssiog showeri. Tha wind b-n moderated, aad the .'ay wa« fiai, out rather suUrv. Wo understand that on Tueaday Messrs Hodgd -n & Smith, the ex- engiari for th" D-ivonport wat-r BuhetUB, served nn/the Tnwu Board Iha nsuri .month's, no ice of action, claiming damVges -for wrongfoj Tfu« P ib'io W'wk-4 Dpirtmont has inli. muted to tbo D«ooport T«iwn. Bqard that, before any money u if expended on tbo Esplanade road to Srireyton all oluiras fot oompoaeation fo.-iland througlrwhich th«» pr 'posed riad ia to ruu must bo arranged Only two prop< rlit-a are effected, tbiRe of Me-srH B W. Tliouns and Mowbray Gray, TUt annml mn-iiog of ibo membsts of An/licun' Obuichlat Wed, Dqvonport tva held at the Ghuroh Building on Tuesday evening. The atttnJ-inoi was fair, and tho R:v S. 11. HugheR oconpied tlio chair. Mr J. R. Hart (miniat r's churchwarden) sub mitted a bahincs-Bh'iot, which bhowed tha the locipb for the year amounted to £5 6s lli ov r the txpeodituro. The off srioiivs duriog tbo past twelve months had thown on ihoren'se over those of "he previons year. The R-.v 8. H. Hutbea r<-appointod Mr J. R. Hart as his churoh- wardoa, and Mettsrs G, N. Lovy and L Moore wrre appointed paridiiooera' cljurch- wndeni A lon discussion took place with rgird to wiping off the overdraft, aod ii w.is ultimitnly decided to appoint a parOv-hi>iI goiM, ooni-fting of the iocum- 't-nt, churoliwurdom', sidoemsn, Ssnday flfliool and colleotorp, t-) make Hpu rial t-ff irtf At tor touie routine bush <"SH tint uie' riug closed, it beiog under- «vmd ilnt tin guild would luld its first uvioi ing during n'Xt week. Ihe monthly meeting of the Marine Bmrd will bo he'd at thu (ffice at 130 p m. to-iucr ow. Tho annual sUtemKOt of a« oounts, whii-b, wo uu lerstaad, is very satisfactory, U to be presented, and bow ousiness of au important n itur wi 1 pro- bab'y come in fc ribouariou. The dredg-i D»vvnport w-ia deooratsl witli bunting y-utorday aftopnooo, the oorasi m being the marriage of Mr F- Ring one of the employees, to Mi«s Riy, daughter of Mr T. Ray, at Eiet Dovonpnt. Over £50, we und.rstin.l, will ba given in prie-a at ih> sports to be held at Railton on Easter Monday. )|.t hi-itling Rmus took place on Tunsday nvtntng, at Loary's Hotel, whvn the stakes were paid over. The amount taken at the gates was £10 lis 91, and tho sate of meiubors' tick- 1 h milidud £15 5'. It is rxpeoted tbn- ih ro will be u smull credit buUncu wht n ihuitt-is aro iqiund up, >»n should prove to ho tho c;te tho pMiW'teiT will In quito sat it fid, .corifid'JTing, poiut-.-d out o!siwb«rj, tint tho time of tl v yt,ar h tirifavorablo for a largo gntln ring. t the Oourt of Hi qii'-iitf, East Dovon. port, yostorday, lioforo tho O iuiuiinnoiier, P.O iMnxwoll, Erq, in D. A. Nichols v. L\ Broad, judgment Rnmrnon", Mr L Mooru nppoan.d ft r the j i giumt creditor, ami stutid ihit th : judgment debtor had been worhiog for Mr N. Cuinur»n. but hai siuuu Lft, sod, ho uodorelood, was .now workinrr for hiri brother at B.iriintnn Ho bud already bvon fiosd 90, which hud ntt bovn raid. An ndj u nui ml fur ono month was eranttd. At the Latrobn Polios Odurt on Monday bsfore P. O. M.nx voll, Etq, P M. WiHiura luano Ooopor and his wifo, Fannv Ooopor, rdcadt.d guilty (n a chirgn of drunkenuoss Tho wotum wis fin d 10s or in dofuuK forty- oight boiUh' UuprLo maut and tin mm 5 «, or iu duf-mlt twontv-f ur hour-' j'lipri.mncnf.— On Tuisdny, bufort P. 0. Maxwell, Esq. P U, and O. Atkin8on) K-q. J.P., S. It. Smytho was charged with fai ing tn pay his water rate (amounting to £2 fis 41) for tin Litrobe district, and wis orderet to pay the amouat,: with cob:s ; in default, a dislrsi warrant to i6- Buo. R. Earl (£2 18/ 91) and J. West (100, siuiir'y charged, ware. alao ordorad eo paytbe amounts, with oosts. At the East Devooport Polios Court )fi- terdiy, before P. O. Msxwoll, Erq.' P.M. uud J. Powell, K»q. J. several cas-sH icBti u'.od by thj Dovonport Town'Boiid agaiutt difiult'ng ratepayers, whioh had boon atjjurned from last @ourt,! wore ouilod on, but on tho application of the P lice Olirk, who stated that the town clerk was unable t) atUn, a furthsr aJ- josrnment was grmted. J. Phil i s( col lector for thu Harford and Teraplotoa Roid Trust, prooauded against Mtrtin Douglis for negleoting to pay rates levied by tho trust. An ordor -or th'uunouat claimed with costs, was mado. In oases against II. Ingiii, and Power, Rutherford, & Obaiuhots (agents for J -inn Retdy), verdDis for tbo amnunts olaimod, with cost-". wvr<> girn. James Modoraft was prouuodo.l against Lr a himllar offsnos, Tho defendant stated that ho had paid the money and held th«> rooeipt, Ths colleotor stated tint the receipts were onl/ lor tho year ending February, 18?3, and tin demand was for tho year ending February, 1894. — Thi de fendant said tint he had nit r-niived any demand for the la-t-nuuud r.tto. Tuu ool leotor pio.Iuceii the cssment book, tn show that the domaa i had baon served, through the past, on Juno 6. Oa June 24 the deLudmt wrore sating that be had p-iid ih? rate, but ho (the ooilector) had repliiil, ousting out that the d ma-d was for 1894.— Th B'ooh said 'the dofen'un- had f.ndoQtly inisundrM iod the year," owiug to ib wur iiug of the daman i. An ordir for tho amount claiuiod was mads-, The socretary of tin Counoil of Agri. cuturoioform > an « x-li mgo tint Turttnarmo 'mttur, slrppvi by ,\IoHflrs Bartratn Sou for the North Weal (.'oust bu't-r factories by tho H oiruor 'I lnrmopylm, rea-i'd tha followmg price Tabbi rdap 102 s par cwi ; Kvutieh 100s per owt ; F owordalo' 100 pe«'«'wt ; Gir.m'ur Heal, 97s per owt; Emu Bay, 97s per owt. R-ferriag to the riiccois of tho bread-tiro ordinance in Piaoer County, "Thu Saoramnnto Record Union" says " The wtgon rolled over the road. should be a real-makttr, not a road-dsatro) sr. I1, ougbt to oonserve hauling the heaver than the liglror load. The brotd tiro doos this In Franco are found the beat roads in, Europe, aad over tbeui ro'l only tho wheels of broadest tires It is' tho law there that "id load fehall be distribute 1 over the largest p-sdb'o surface om-i teat with tbo woight carried, tho power oxrt-id, and the need of tha people to whea bid-J to markit. Tin lire i of the Fronoli market wagons aro all the way from thros to ten inotna in width. The greater number are from four to six inches. There, too, the hind and forward whools do not traok. Etch pair of wheels traoks alono, and thin the combined with of tho four tires servos tho purpose of a road roltor to keep the roof of the road smooth, compact, and free from cut-outs, or what are generaMy known as chuck holia." Ia Ontario tin Depart m nt of Agrioulture advises lint for wagons without springs the tires itwuld never bo ices ilun two and a half laches ia width for a load of from 500 b to 10001b pr wheel. Forlnadu of from 2000. b to 3000.b per wheel each tire should have a diitn Uer of not Use thio six inohsa. It h understood that this recommendation will bi adopted. A meeting of over 200 unemployed \v»n held at Adel ride rn Friday morning. Mr Borrows, in tho course of a soeoch, said he considered that tho P'orcior should be con sulted with a viow of calling a special session of Parliament to tbal with tho un employed question. Mr Iladdon euggoried that thoBi jrjatnt should frm thomsolvvu into u proco.-sioa, and, with mnffijd diumB, march through the streets of tho city. The " Dead March " onald bo played, and those who wauted tuokor could proceed to the Ueititute Asylum and demand ration'. Mr Addtloo juggested lb it the unemplo>ed should meet at the Central market ou Saturday morning, and mtrch in proo-ekhn to intervi«w the Piomi--. If they were not peruiitte I to e him they should forcj thuir way into hi" office, and muko their wants known. If bomotning wero uo' done ihey might siu the streets of Ade laide running with blcod before the coming wint«r wis over. Tiny coald not see tbtlr wives and children starving, It was no qnv patting people on the land who bad not bmn used to work it, and who wanted food at puoe. A -alo of overtimo g-v dp wan hel l at 'h bonded wharehouse, West Dovonprir.', on Thursday morning, Mr B. O. Uldhsm offiiii-itlng as aiiotlomor. The mb sub mittnd realipod aa follow, wbioh inoludefl tho duty 5—16 ORses keronpno £7 ; 10 do d % £4 15n ; 1 do bran !y, 36s. L o tso of oonliiia wan offiie 1, but .an. the bidH dij. no; rt-»i''h the aniount .whioh w«e leij iir- d to nowr tho duty, it.wuH pns«d in 'iii. purcliit-ois f thu lots sold wi r«» ihe Mtrmy Mariue Beard add Mr J. F.'G.jslin." A I thing par'y, from Dovonport, rap tared a fiao spcoimon of "Jcvil fiah" (which is a stranger jn lUcwutorsen the Ooust),. at Port Soroll on Pstnr 'ny Tho ft Ii was brought to Dsvonport and cxhibi oil at thu Police iOffioo7 . It was about 6ft in length, and 4ft in widtlb and its back tore a striking rcBomb'anou . to a tiger bhark, wbilo undbruuath it was a, fljshy pinki Tbn fiih wa« Ciiiglit iu..an ordiuary net, 'ahd'wasnotdertpatoljpd b.fo.-o it had'girca i(B captors Bomo trouble. Among tho pa-smgera prr tho hi. Bellinger, whioh left for Mt-lnournu on Monday night, were Mr und Mrs Bou ur> who »r«» taking up their reiidonou1 »t Stawell (VI ). Mr Boitrim's doparlu e inaken a gap in mueical tiroloH wbi-h will t.e d)fU:ult to fill, «s his nl>i'ity as'a vloliV- iil cmiHud his ssivices to be in nquopt at local ontertaiQuients. Whilet stepping oti board the veFsel lie mtt with a painful accident, us ho tniisd lii« footing and full oa to the deok, Bovorely spraining oue of his ankles. ' v ' . -Arrangoiuenle for tho annml pioaio, or (arisli gHthering. ih oinnoetion with tho Anglican Church at Devnnport, wlrob i'l bs hold to-day, arb Raid to ho complete, und if thr wcathsr if favorablo tho outiog /will no doibt tie lis'rnj »yab> ai ita prede ccssrR. Thu e.mly bay near tho Mursy B'uff is the 83'octud rjudezvous, and lbs situation ia, moat ndvantagcom. Oon >H I t t t.A., itil. 43., '1 \T . A ... TUBUU«8 Will IVRY'I UIU UVV » - " : corner at intcrvfl'b, un.l tin ft ho d ohildren are to assemble .; at tho Chu'oh Biti'ding, Wr'st'Devnnport; at half- past 10. Wo wero in orror in rtating in a pre vious itiBue thrt a banquot was to bo given to Sir»Kdward Braddon, -M.H.A., at the Forth on Tuesday last, Tho function is to tiku pIsco on Tuonday uoxt. A sad fatslity ocoiirrod at Pontvillo on Tu«sluy morning Mrs Roberts, wife of Gaogvr Roharsts, on tho Apsloy line, left the house to utbnd to a passing train,, having two children, ngod six yuars and throo yoirs respsotivoly. iusldo. By Eomc weans the hous) look fi e, and was burnt to the ground, and tho children perialuri in the fiim a. Dr Biraardo'd 14 Night and Day 1 for De; 0embor has a varied list of contents, and ap peals tn every olais of readers. "The unssage oCthii holle: A tmetateof OhrUtmas," ocou- pi'drii' plaot of hon'orr It is a touching and mbtructive story ' of the roocuo of a girl waif t-omo time ago .from tbo lowest dis rict of Bast End i-lundoru The ' Peri-oual Notes " are filbid with r«scu« OiB-s illue'rfttod from rH-ilisri - photographe. The ut'»ry of IlArry J« ffriia f-howr to do- .m?ot»jration what oplen u I -..oppwuariUp th'j tasiiuition-f opvn up ti w ll- behaved lads however sunken tnay havo t«eou their oii&ioul; surroendtags. Dr Barnardo vigorously protests ugainst a recent paragraph in iho Bug'ish l'risf re Parting a pre-entment on tho part of a grand jury in Manitoba distinctly directed agaiust tho emigration work of tho Homes. ' 1 As a matter of inoontrovortiblo fact," lie atates on official authority, M leas thiu2 per, coat of all our y>mng emigrants are failures, 'and n'y a fraothn of 1 per cent has been added to the vicious or criminal population of Otnads" A curious little calculation indicates that tho Canadian emigrants already sunt nut "y tbo Homes consume some £120 000 wonh of British goods por annum 1 'The Homes at present shelter nearly 5000 hoys aud girls. Mr Malmr, a well-know v orchardist in the Bsndigo diatriot (writes the oorree- pendent of "The argus"), had come anples brought oat to him from Eaqland in the ship Orient, whioh arrivod on Dt>- uuuiucr j. i iiu app ca imu uu upoujui tieatmrnt, and wero brought oat by Mr Mailer's u'phsw in a trunk oontatning a me clothes. The apples are of thd Dumolow's Saedling (or Wellington) and Wioter Peaoli varieties, and came from the orchard ef Mr Maher'e brother, at Wrst bury, Berkihire. Tlisso apples are to-day as Round &i; poariole, having lasted for' eoven weeks siuoe tht ir arrival in Victoria, despite the fact that tbi summer season was on. Surely iu the fnoe of this evi dence the exportation of applvs from Aus tralia should largely inorf&se.; News brought to 8>dney by tho steamer' Airlii from China and the Fast announces an apnalliug disaster at Ningoo l«tt mooth, 'y which between two and threo Lundred iwomun aad children lost their lives. They wore attending an annual theatrical per. fermanco in h mor of ihe go ie ia thv Z in Ttu Ching Temple in the settlement, when the straw at the foot of the staircase Lad ing to a twostorisd huildiog filled wiih women aod children was set on firo hy|i boy throwing the end of a cigarette among t. Tho burniog straw set the Btatrcao on fire, provonting the ogress of the pf-ople, und 1q tbu gime al tush to escape many penp'e were trampled to death.; Somo jumped out of the win lows or fell into (h> flames, while others paesively awaited the fate which was not long ia overtaking them, us tho huildiog burnsd like tna'ob waod. Iaformatioa hae also bsen received of an earthquake of great severity, which devastated un area of 9000 equate miles in tho Thibetan district of Kdi. coventy four Lmas or priests and 137 Chioofce and Thibetans wero kiil-nl aud a gr- of p'iotlu i'jin-d. The Dalai Lam-t'a Great Monu-tery of Hut-iyua, built in tin B'Vintfconth coaiury, was demoluhed by by the shuok. Out of the ruins wore dug niim pure gulden images of Buddha and 100 braz n ones, presented by the Emperor Yung Ohiog to the tciuplc. Mr H. A. Pratt will hold bis monthly stook sale at Duvonport to-day. The looul loni'Utf'tit of tho baWnriou Anuy has rented lbs budding in Stswart street formorly sned as n rri ling.offioefqr this journal, The uimy will sound the l«»ud tirab,oi»' iu their new quirterfi on Saturday dlip 'L' nx," iu "Thj Tnflininim Mail," is re«i uiisiblH for ..ilio following Verily uoihihgbn oir h o in Vtop soma p'ople from allowing tin if; z-rnl ti'.cutnin their 'fivore; lion. Only finoy tvo'ioligiuus" fanatics cailiug on n i.iiwlv-marriod bride lheothr dry. in fact dirsotly ivfior ruturoing from her Innoyuiooi, >md with long-drawn f 'OQi; Qori'iisly inforinlng her that they had oomo to pray with h«r in conno iou with her n't -rod state of life. Tho poor yotm thiu/, win was no) cnnsciouR of hiving" sinned any muri ilun hor very muoh married visitors, wan pimply aghint, and alines: knot in'o tears..? 'CGcuMn't we retire to tin budrmui with you,"mosn- ingly on'qui od tlieiubiiifleVVrs- iooking on, t( and indulge ia R>hnt prayer?" The un- fortunate wife of luit a few short weeks Uardly k'nw what to say or do, so, taking silence for consvnt, thsyirose and walked tuwanls.' tlu bedroom door. Just at that m- meu a Idg riu? omia at tho hall door ; ti-e two f ir.Btics i-ropl into the bedroom .while lbs young wifu stepped baok to uwait. farther raveUtions. The nvw visitors wtre somo very jolly gir's, Cull oC merry uuniigo oangrutulalious. Thlv bur-t up (he shew so far as thu designs of tho two memb-rs oftbe Ami-En joy moot Soolity wore conuorn-d,' for" dlibir vi'.-t ru imd.to.put hor h.ud in a", the door, u ul ttll 'Ifm'she cou'dL't possibly got away from her now visitors. :l Never mind," paid the- sour-vieug(d on',' 1 mher'mlnd, w« will go on on onrowu uroeuut," whoroupon thry Jlnppod down atjths sidq'of, the bed, aud there rhe l«ft them. ' A s"homonf ronrUrabl-i imprttnoe bn> btun (uguuing tho uttnutim f tho Com. mifldon»r of GnflVm i. h i i«' "ho double obj.-ot of providing u good fupp'y of ti>b for the market andk.opening up u profitable hida&try; in dcepisea Astroglia the Straits (says a Melbournu pip>r). It has oo- OHrrod to him that man accustomed ,to boa's and fiphihg.ihight lie put in the way of oarnin.a living in this way, with sow) help fro n tho Govo nmeut to give thcu a. start. Mr Bikfr him coiisulloi the Promior, who agrees wjih him :n thof matter, and a eohctno now undo- Mr Bikoi's oinsldora- tion,' and will probably bo ado . tod/ The idea Is to form u R-hiog sutth-ment of say, 16 picked urn, who wouldibe sont to ihe islands in tin Straits with five boats, oom- pleuienta of neUand other appfianoba. teotr, ond provisions for Hbont three monthj. Tbov would carry on (heir work under the eaperviaion of Captain Anderson, Inipeotor of Fithories, and would be placed on tbo islands by the Lady Loch. Arrangements -would be made for tliiir 9-h to be brought to market regularly twico a week. The fish would bu sold on aconuut of the sottlcrs, and the amount mlisod oarrled to their credit, tho settlement hiring charged the cent piijs of thi plant. It is estimated that tli oxpenso would not b> more than qui iu>v iuu re.urue iur iuu iurt-o 'months would be about double that Bum. Thu Adelaide Steamship Company's lighter Hunter, inoorod at thd Sou u Wlurf, briow the swiogmg basin (naye a Melbourne papvr), was found Iloiting on ihe river at 11 o'clock on Saturday nip lit under circumstance indicating that she had been purposely loosod from hor moor ings. It is thought that this was dono by lumpers, in coussquenoe of the oxoitod fdaliugs iu the trade.' The lighter oollidtd with, (ho ship Hesperus, but ontys'igiit damaga was done to the lighter and nont to the hbin. A watchman vn another .'ighter eaw two uiea in a dingy go down iho river on Saturday night talking ia low tones, and tha dicgy, whi.h bslongs to the ship Tudor, his been fouud fal of waLr to the gunwilo. The ininagomoit of the Stockton oollirry- at Newcastle, have applio.1 for police pro motion at thu miQa/m l'whon work is ro- uracil, as it is anticipitol it will bu within the next fow days (e>y< a telegr.-in undt r Moadav's date), a struhff. dohcu of con- stahlos wi'l drub'less bi posted' in tin vioiui'y of thu colliery to en-ure that the non-union men will not bi suhj rated to intorforuocs from tho tniuors oa strike. It Is prubable that sp olal arrangementH wiil bo mads for tin traospurt of the non-union men acoss ih» harbor, whereby the ns- oessiiy fur landing at ihe public wh"rf wiH I e obviated. The colliery manager is reti cent, and declines to furnish any informa tion as to the arrangements he has made for stirring the colliery or the number of non-union men that he has engaged, but inquiries from various sources elicited the information that tho number B.ctfred ;is about fifty. Tho fseiing of thu Stookton men towar.iu those who have taken ihuir p'acoa is ,vo ry bitter,, andthq luttsr will hardly bs ahoivod to Vntor upon thoir work without at Last strong vocal manifastati of disapproval, But the mon of tho Stock ton lodge have amongst thuir nurabir a goad percentage of levol-heided men, who may bu looked to to r«st'∈ the wilder spirits ftotn resorting to physical violent ) A good joke i< going tbo rounds at the expense. of tho Victorian Premier. Ii at woek a young jounaliit, now to town and unfamiliar with tin ways that are dark, was sent by his leader to interview tin Premivr. Ho fouud Mr Patterson, as nmal in waim weathor, roatod in his de partmental chamber, whioh used to bo tho ants-room, in hi shirt bLeve and before biiu tbo oustomary bottle of whisky, two syphons of soda, bottle of wiae, beer, un 1 bo forth. Thu j urnalist eyed the tomptr- soothers U6d'tatively, and whtn he got outside ha let off hid oppressed fteliags iu one e n'ouce u Gro.it C&ai;'d ghost," hs i-xidaimod, "Call that ilia Pramioi'j offite ; why, it'a a free bar !" Oa Tuesday Mr O.Atkinssn will hold his usual monthly stock sale at, Sheffield and on Wednesday hs will hold his fsrt nightly stouk sale at Latrobe. A meeting of the oommitteeof th« Giblln Hall Is i» be held In the Reception room, at 4 p.m. to-morrew. 