OLIVER WENDELL HULVSI The news that; Oliver Wendell EolmM bm gone over to the great majority will ctmt* widespread regret wherever tbe English !??? guage is spoken and in literary circle* tb» world over, xc win even excite general mr« prise, for although he had patted bit eighty-fifth year hia constitution waa to tough that there appeared to bo ma»y years of life in him. It is -mlf tbe other day that ho said of himself— ?'The burden of years sits lightly upon mm as compared with the weight it seems to nuf less advanced in age than myself. But aitet three score years and twenty, the enontflh* menta of time make tuemeelvea felt With rapidly increasing progress. When one mm no longer hear the lark, when one can ao longer reoogmae faces one passes ia the street, when one has to watch one'a ttefH, when it becomes more and more difficult to recall names, one is reminded by everf movement that one must spare oneself, or Nature will not spare one — penalties aba exacts for overtaxing one's declining powers. The twelfth septennial period always aeemed to me as one of the natural boundaries of Jifa. One who has lived a oomplete eighty-nftk year haa had hia full share— even on an old man's allowance. Whatever is granted after that is prodigal indulgence on tbe part of Nature. I am often asked whether I am writ ing my autobiography. I am in the habit of diotatinft many of my recollections and txMM of my thought! and opinions to my Seoretarjr, who has in chis way accumulated a consider' able mass of notes. Many of these will be in teresting to my family and intimates— ?ome of them, perhaps, to a wider publio, if I ibonld see fit to nuk6 use of them, or leave them to be made use of by others.' It seemed improbable when be wrote Ikii that Nature would so soon exact its final dues, but the bright intelligence which remained so unclouded to the last baa rad denly Buffered eclipse, and the last of tho noble band of American poets, etaayiatt, novelists, and humorists whose writings havo enriched the century has gone to join bit illustrious compatriots in the land of shadows. Oliver Wendell Holmes was born in Cam bridge, Massachusetts, in 1S09. At that time Cambridge was still a country village, with large open woodland spaoes. It was here, ac cording to Dr. Holmes himself, that he pimj the best yeara of hit life. A kind of harbour seems to ba Facing tbe flow of a boundleas i»a. Rows of gray old tutors stand Banged like rocka above the sand. Rolling beneath them soft and green Breaks tbe tide of bright sixteen— One wave, two, three waves, four— Gliding up the sparkling floor. Then it ebb* to Mow no more, Mith its freight of golden ore; Pleasant place (or boys to play! Better keep your girls away. From an interesting aooount of tha ' Anto crat,' whioh appeared in Longman' t Magazine some yeara ago, we learn that hia father fait olergyman of Cialvinietio but liberal views, ? scholar and an antiquarian. Through hia mother his ancestors were Dutch. He wrote to Wendell Phillips, the abolitionist— Both Qrotius and Erasmus were couDtrymen of m». And VoncUl was our namesake, though he spelt it with a' V.' He claimed kinship with Mrs. Annie Brad street, the first American poetess, the daughter of one and the wife of another of the early Governors of Ma*sw:husettB ; and also Dorothy Q., whose pioture inspired one of his bust) known poems. He has compared tbe body in which we traverse the isthmus of life, not to a private oarriage, but to ? public omnibus filled inside and outside with our ancestors. ' Among the inside pas sengers of Dr. Holmes'* omnibus some genial cavalier must have been wedged in between the grim Puritans and a sprightly Gaul most have Bat on the lap of the phleginatie Dutchman.' The house bn Cambridge Common 'was full of old-world tuggoi tions. It had wainscots and a orypt, a garret in which a ghost might stand erect. Ia tbia house General Ward fixed his bead quarters after Lexington ; here he entertained General Washington ; here Benedict Arnold received his first; commission. Its floors were dented with the butts of the firelocks of the continental militia; nn the walls hunjr a- pioture pierced by the rapiers oi British officers, and a mirror at which they had adjusted their red coats. In the parlour stood the armchair in which Lord P*roy sat to have his hair dressed. On one aide of tho house ran an old-fashioned garden, where lilaos grew side by side with nectarines, sad plebeian vegetables jostled patrician flowsn. In one corner of the garden stood tbe pear tree which taught him the vanity of huaoaa wishes, and under it grew tall sunflowers, round whioh flitted the yellow birds like ' flakes of curdled sunshine. ' ' Even the books he read were English. They painted tho life of England. They told of 'Hodge seeldaf bis mug of beer at the alehouse, whereas he had just seen Joe steer for the grocery atom to set his glass of rum.' Again quoting from the article referred to, we find that in 1819 Holmea had outgrown tho willow wand of Dame Prentiss. For tho Mxt five yeara he went to the Cambridge Port School, where among hia fellow-pupils wos Margaret Fuller, afterwards m«Im»»» d'Osaoli, the idol and the centre of tranaoetv dental mystics, poetess, critic, and contributor to the 'Dial,' who called Longfellow 'at dandy Pindar. ' During one year, the first of his absence from home, he prepared forCoUcgo at Andover in the midst of the quiet scoaary of the Merrimao Valley, whioh whittier boo made familiar to English and Australia* readers. In 1825 he entered Harvard. Among the Professors of his day was Ticknor, with 'honeyed voice and grace,' who preceded Longfellow in the ohair of literature. Aftcf the usual course he left the University — Armed with his dainty, ribbon-tied degree; Pleased, and yet pensive. Elite and A.B. During his undergraduate days he contri buted much comio and eatirio verse to tbo Collegian. In 1830 he made himssli famous by his stirring lyric on the Constitution. Tbis was the American frigate which bad won no little renown by the capture of the British Guerriere. At this time she was lying in tho Charlestowu Navy Yard, near Boston. It was proposed to break her up— a proposition whioh excited muob indignation in Boston. Tbo young poet gave expression to this feeling Ay, tear her tattered eneign down ! Long has it wared on high! And many an eyo lias danced to see That b&nosr; in the sky. The ship No more shall feel the victor's tread Or know the conquered kneo. The harpies of tbu shore shall pluck Tlie eagle of the tea. The Constitution was saved. Up to this point the training and atmo sphere of Holmes'a life was entirely Conserva tive. The advance of years, however, drew him towards Liberalism. He did not associate himself with the Young American Party of Progress, but in his enthusiastic patriotism bo was American to the core. It took Garrison years to oonvinca him of the social claims of the negro, but bis intense humanity is all-pervading in bis writings. He was never a leveller. He was too discriminating to know that all are not »like. ' I go in,' he says in the ' Autocrat of the Breakfast Table,' ' for the man with tbo family portraits against tbe one with the 25 sent, daguerretype unless I find out that tbo last is tbe better of the two. I go in for tbo nan who inherits family traditions and emulative humanities of at least ' four -r five generations.'1 He was always full -f animal spirits and vivacity. He had s- slight natural inclination for tho miuiBtry, bac he turned his attention towards law. A year's atudy of that, howevar, caused hint to adopt the medical profession. Iu 1S33 he left Amprica for Europe. He wens the roun' i. of the Hotel dea Invalidoa with Larrey, K apo Ieon's favourite surRaon, bub thtt man from whom he learned hia mediesl science was Louis. Into all hia professional studieB he carried the same kiudly tender la-art; that* was visible in hia osher labours. He ever rej Diced that he assisted at no scion tiiio cruelties. After three years spent in Europe he retvirned to America. Hanoeforwarcl to the day of his death boston was hia homo though he generally BDontj a good portion of the summor months in a losa bustling parts of tha State. Prom 1S39 to 1840 he was Profeasor of Anatomy and Physics at Dartmouth College, In 1847 hB be name Professor of tho same Bubjeots ab Harnrd. Ho held tho chair continuously from that date till 1SS2, whon ha resignod and was eli Kited Emeritus Professor. Meantime and einne ho buaied himself with the production of hia jharminrr works. Ao tha name time ha f ound imple tima to cultivate oultured social l:lfn to which he was ao conspicuous an ornantonfc. Hia homo On Boaeon-atreet waa indeed or* of the shrines ot Boston. Hia study, contain ing ft vnry fine library, was a large apartment, well lighted, and overlooking tha widest j-s ri* of the Charles Riyur basin. Tho si^hc train tho windows of this room is truly superb. The horizon iB bounded by the shores, the r oofa, and tho spires of Cambridge, which we veto Dr. Holmes a perpetual rominder of hia youth. One of hia poems, ' My Aviary,' hud itB inspiration in this view of the Chiles River. Doubtless tha ' Breakfast) Tablo' Beries .are the books by which Oliver 'Wondell Hoi vaea is best known. These comprise ' ' Tho A uto crat of tha Breakfast Table,' 'The Profits aor at the Breakfast Table,' and 'Tha Poeb a't the Breakfast Table,' to which may ba adde.3 the last of his more pretentious works, ' Over the Teacups.'1 Upon the whole these are the most characteristic of hia licerary productions. They placed their author in tbo front) rank of American prose writers. They did more than that. _ They gava him a unique and envi able position among the base writers of English. A perusal of them gives ihe nsarJor a good all-round estimate of his varied sifts. They contain, for instance, eomo or his poetio gems, though not by any means all. '' Under the violets,' in the ' Professor,' is a fine example of b.13 bead lyrical work. It is too long for inaertron hwe, and it would not be doiiiK justice to it to give extracts. But) as an illustration of another stamp what could be better tban the following from th'} proljogua to tho 'Autocrat' : — Sndolpli, professor of the headsman's trade, Alike waa famous for bis arm aail blade. One day a prisoner justice was to kill Knelt at the block to test the headsman's skilL Bare-armed, sniart-risaged, Raiint, and shaggy browed, Rudolph, the headsman, rose above the crowd. Hia falcliion lighteneu with a sudden pleam, As the pike's armour flashes in the stream. Hesbetthed his blade; lie turned ;W it f.o go— The victim knelt, still waiting for the blow. ' ' Why strikest not? Perform th v raunierous act!' The prisoner s lid (his voice was slightly cracked). 'Friend, I have struck,' the artisc straight replied; 'Wait but one moment and yourself decide.' He haM his Bnnffbox — ' Now then, if you please' — Tha prisoner sniff ttl, and -with a crashing sneeze, Off his head tumbled— bowled along the fluor— Bounced down the step — the prisoner said no more. Woman ! thy falchion is a glittering eyo; If death lurks in it, oh, how sweet so die! Th.ra takes t hearts as Kudoiph to j!i the head; We die of love, and never dream we're dead. There must bs something the matter with the perceptions of the man who oanuot recognise the humour and the extreme purity and great, thouL'h unaffected, felicity of these lines. Yet Dr. Holmes could at tirnos indulga in the most outrageous doggerel. R\& strain of son? may nover riao into the empyrean, yet we would nob willingly have miased the notes. There is quito an esa barraasing choice of riche3 when we come to consider the author a3 a writer of vers d'occa sion and epigrams. But one selection must suffice. Quo th Tom, ' Though fair her features be, l£ is her Ugure pleases me.' ' What may her figure be?' I cried. 'One handred tbousaud,' he repliad. The be3t known of Holmes'a novela are ?'Elsie Venner,' ' The Guardian Angel,'and 'A Moral Antipathy.' They were written to illustrate the limits set to human responsi bility by inherited tendencies. They are brimful of human interest, portraying with consummate skill tbemostidiosyncratioaftpeots of American life. Their character, in truth, has led some critics to regrot than instead of spending bis energies in bo many different directions Dr. Holmes did not dovote hia literary geniu3 exclusively to novel writing. Had be done bo, one of these gentlemen re marks, ha would have been the American novelist of the century. Perhaps so. Still we imagine that most people are glad that ha did not. There is ofter oil very little that Holmes has written that we_ could have spared. The critic may be right when he says that Hawthorne was a mere artist and psychologist, v/itli a dreaming soul, and when he declares that Kowella lacks vigour and breadth. Hawthorne's nature may have re belled against having to take account of some of the mora material and sordid phases of life, as Howella undoubtedly shows his wand of breadth in, for instance, regarding Jane Austin as tho lir.it and Anthony Trollope the second of English novolista. The judgment thuB exhibited by Howella is as contemptible as George Augusta Sala's description of Holmes a3 'essentially a funny man.' Nor can is be denied that Holmes gave proof of a really wonderful capacity for depioting character. But we would rather muBe more over she evidences of the skill in that way hf» has given us than have marvelled atadditional and greater testimony and have been robbed of what ho only could create in another depart ment of literature. Holmes'a love for and sympathy with all that was childlike wa3 one of the moat marked traits of his Bplendid nature. How exqnisi tively pathetic, how profoundly affecting and p-a-emiuently genuine, w his description of the dying of a little girl from a oruol aocident on a hospital cot in Paris. Again, how charm ingly simple, yet beautiful and touching, concealing a world of arc, is hia ballad 'God be glorified !' Come hither God-bs-Glorified, And sit upon my knee. Behold tho dream unfolding Whereof I spake to tbee By the wmter'a hearth in Leyaon, And on the stormy sea; True is dream's beginniug— _ So may its ending ba '. The complaint has been made against Dr. Holme3 that in dealing with certain objection able phases of religious life in Now England he waa too tolerant. But aurcly it is not neceaaary for an author to go into literary hysterics over everything that he does not approve of ! Nor should it ba forgotten that, possessing a doeily religious spirit himself, Holmes was able to see gleams of light where some others could realize only tha darkness that could be felt. Yet ho spoke out in his own way truly, still effectively. He had no mercy upon the ' Moral Bully,' who Tnough weakness plants his backward-sloping hat, And non-resistance tics Ins white cravat. Feels tho same romfort while his acrid words Turns tha swaet milk of kindness into curds, As the scarred ruffian on the pirate's deck When tho Ion* swivel rakes tun staggering wreck. Up to the last he believed more than some and less than. others believed, and liked those who believed more tban he did rather than those who believed loss. He had no faith in 'planting oaks in flower-pots,' but cliimod the right ' to strip from the skirts of religion the many articles of belief which are bequests of iha afje9 of ignorance wbioh God winked at.' Science did not weaken that strong faith in God which finds voice in the 'Hymn of Trust.' In 'Tartu'rua,1' which is given ia ''Over the Tea oups,' he cays — O mortal, wavering in thy trust, Lift thy pale forehead from the dus6. The mists that eloutl tUy darkened eyes Fado ere they reach the o'er.trcli:ng skie3; When the blind heraltla of despair Would oid tliee doubt a Father's care; ioob up from earth and roail above On Heaven's blue tablet. God is love. But in spite of his spirituality Dr. Holmes could nob be aooused of 'other worldliness.' He loved horses. He saw Plenipotentiary in 1884 and Ormonde in 1SS6 win the Darby. He preferred a racer to a trotter. Ho was fond of nedestrianism ; and he was an carsman and a boxer familiar in his youth wvth the pets of the. fancy and the heroes of the prize ring. At the aamo time he had a horror of masculine women. Politically indeed he was noo always inao to the fair aex. Medical science haa rarelv had no keen a student as he was or a devotee who discoursed on medical affairs so suggestively, ,bo acutely, and ^together so delightfully. His philosophy waa not especially profound, but it was always humane. Many of the views he propounded have b°en condensed into tormulaa more definite' than his; nevertheless they are valuable. Always graceful, ever able, never dull always just, ever acute, never petty, fay ng 'everything he had to say with wonder ful power and vividiueas, Dr. Holmes accom p ishod with ease what even many able men hive long vainly struggled for. That some have been unable to find traces of genius in his works may be regarded as proof of h» ex traordinary sanity. He was too thoroughly reasonable for them to detect his mem. 