SHREDS AND PATCHES. (By Abgus.) , TWO P's — . POLICEMAN AND PATTIES. The average policeman is generally credited with a fair amount of ability in looking1 , after No. 1. For instance, he always it is said, makes a point of keeping friends with the cook, who as a rule is keen to per ceive that a great many bobbies' hearts are situated dangerously : near their stomachs ; so close in fact that there is every excuse for confounding their organs of affection with those of c digestion. And who shall blame them ? Many a big man has married his cook. Now a certain— well we'll say Hobart — boy in blue is said 'to hare been in a particular ' pub ' on a recent occasion, when as accident would have it, thirteen home-made wallaby patties occupied the position of honour at the board. When the upholder of the law had left it was L found that the patties too had bolted ? — or' been ' bolted '—'and a hue and cry was raised after the missing pies. A well-known amateur detective' undertook the inquiry, and his Keen instinct soon perceived that as the wallaby patties had not ''disappeared.., '. one by one like the little nigger boys of fable, nor had they accommodated one another marsupial fashion (for then there would have been at least one remaining), they must have left the 'pub,' at the same time as Dogberry. Thisj was awkward, as' according to our amateur detective's ideas of etiquette it would not be the correct thing1 for him to make matters too warm for one in the same profession as he himself would fain have joined. He: therefore ? dropped the ca&'e, and also sundry hints, which grew,' and grew, until public rumour now connects with the disappearance of the thirteen patties the name of one in the ' force ' who has 'previously, it is said, distinguished himself in the ' eat ing line. Of course he denied the soft impeachment and swore, yes; , swore, that he had not tasted wallaby patties for twenty years. Unfortunately for, his asser tion it is stated that while in charge of the station only a few evenings ago his slumbers,. were less peaceful than usual,and the policeman on guard could hear the strains of a familiar tune floating through the keyhole as a voice, in somewhat cracked notes, hummed the following variation of a well known ditty :— ' , ., ^ They were pafctieB without henny doubt r hey . were j '..'.' Ho, my love was so 'ot that hi gobbled the lot , Hof those beautiful wallaby pics. This could only betaken as an admis sion of guilt, and has two more raised quite an interest p'a— : 'ing. discussion in the A patty ranks of the scien ittzziiE. tifically inclined mem bers of the force. They argue that it is a convincing proof that 13 is an unlucky number, and that had the gourmand contented himself with twelve patties, or even made himself ill by disposing of fourteen (as he might have done for it is the last, straw that breaks the camel's back), he' would not have been so unfortunate as to be found out. The arithmetically disposed portion of the constabulary is also hard at ; work on a.rule of three tmm: — If the last feed of patties lasted the offender twenty years, for how long will thir teen appease his appetite ? One constable makes the answer seven days, while another, rather more absent-minded, reckons- it up at 20s and costs, or a month in gaol. Mr A. B. Biggs will probably be called in as referee. This little incident took place recently in G-eorge Town Cove. A tale OF ketch reached the wharf A with a few bullocks on bullock, ? board, and before the lot were landed one burly fellow gave up the ghost. Several yachts from Launceston were anchored in the cove, and from more than one of these sounds of revelry were heard during the c&urse; of the night. The crew of the Plorrie, however, turned in early and, like jgood boys, went to bye-bye.-. At daybreak the next morning the skipper threw off the em braces of Morpheus, and ran on deck with the intention of taking a header into . the pelucid waters of the cove. ' Great Caesar's ghost ?!' he yelled, as his eye struck the yacht's dingey, which was weighted down almost to ihe water's. edge by the carcase of a gigantic bullock ; 'what in the name of the immortal Bacchus ia this?' The rest of the crew were astir by this fame, and a council of war was held as to the best means of disposing of the big bovine. Some were for trans ferring him to another dingey adjacent, but the inmates of the various vessels were getting astir, so this was out of the quesfciou. Ultimately' the defunct intruder was tippled over to the sharks, and the crew of the Florrie are now lying low on the weather bow for the .jolly do»;s who perpetrated the divert ing little joke. A wild eyed heathen from the neigh bourhood of Quamby westbuey Bluff, left the following municipal soul-harrowing enigma conceet. on my desk one day last week. I have not the remotest idea what it means, but probably some of my readers may, to use a vulgarism, ' tumble to the drift.' The effusion runs as follows : ' Deab, Me Augtts, — The Westbury ratepayers recently decided to have a concert instead of holding the usual race meet. The proceeds are to be devoted to the paying of police fines in this shape of a loan to the law breakers. Substantial security must be had, with reasonable interest. The following programme has been pre pared : — Part 1 — Song, ' Jogging along together, boys,' Mr Hibernia ; Song, 'A Heaft that beats for another,' Mr Exton ; Recitation, ' All about the little rabbits, and their fast increasing habits,' Mr Reedy Marsh ; Song, 'Hush thee my baby,' Mr Springlands : Beading, ' A 'trip to Old England and back,' Mr Q 'jam by; Duet, ' Euchered again,' Messrs Lincoln and Leicester; Reading, ' The last chapfcer|of Zacbariah,' Mr Oaks. Part 2' — Reading, ' ^Federation up a tree,' 'Mr Hibernia; Song, ' WesV bury yet,' Mr Quamby ; Duet, 'We'll have to bide a wee,' Messrs Lincoln and Leicester ; Essay, ' About those ponies,' Mr Exton; Song, 'Driven from home,' Mr Oaks ; Essay, 'On the 93 and 97 sections of the Eoad Act,' Mr Leicester Hoggett ; Song, 'My man can make and mend shoes,' Mr Quamby Bend ; Reading (by request), ' All depositions to be read and compared, taken during the past year,' Mr C. Clarke.' ' Sears ago the]ingenious Yankee made ' '. ] his mark in the universe the age by inventing wooden op hams and nutmegs ' and ? ' sham. actually palming them if., offfor the|gen.uine];arfcicles. Of late years, however, these crude impositions have been vastly improved upon, and we have now sham butter, artificial eggs.bogus milk, and chicken incubators. The hen's occupation is more than half gon.8 for now-a-days we cau make eggs ourselves, and pro bably the time is not very far off when we will also find a means of hatching these self-same inventions independent of a broody mater. On the top of all these swindles we are saddled with all sorts of death-dealing germs, which our -grand parents were never troubled with, so like Gilbert's policeman, the lot of the dweller upon this science ridden. earth is far from being a happy one. An even dispositicned scribe in an American exchange, whilst reviewing the present age of. shams and germ discoveries,- breaks into verse and thus unburdens himself : — . Placid I am, content, serene .; I take my slab of gyp3um bread, And chunks of oleomargarine Upon itB tasteless sides I spread. The egg I eat was never laid By any cackling feathered hen, But from the Lord knows what 'tisniade In Newark by unt'eathered men. But if from man's vile a?t3 1 flee ? And drink pure water from fche purap, I gulp down infusorijs, And hideous rotaroria' And wriggling polygistricas, And Blimy diatomacra, And various animalcu'ro Of middle, bi(?h and low degree. For Nature just beats all creation In multiplied adultjrafcioD. 'We do not often go to opera boufc iov truisms, but a few solid getting facts do occasionallyjcreep cebdit. to the surface of that sea of horse literature, the compilers, of this class of modern theatrical 'entertainment are respons ible for. A piece entitled 'Claude Duval,' was ; lately produced at the Prince of Wales Theatre, London, and in it the following lines are put into the mouth of the celebrated highways man after whom the opera is named.-— ' The game I play is a risky one, of that I'm well aware, But when I get a slice of luck the poor man gets a share ; That's more than some can say wbo play the higher kind of game, They call i*; ' kleptomania,' but it's thiev ing all the same. The man who goes to tradesmen in a sneaking kind of rvay, And order3 swagger clothes and things,but never means to pay He's just as much a wrong'un though he doesn't play the game, He calls it ' getting credit,' but it's thiev ing all the same.' The affairs of a peaceful,- looking hamlet not a thousand is local miles from LaunceBton goyeunhent are indeed conducted in played owe ? sober state, and with due dignity, by a grave body of seigniors, who evidently have a due appreciation of the weighty and awful responsibility which devolves upon them. They meet once a month under the presi dency of a warden, who ia a veritable second edition of the Solomon of old* and whose acts and decisions are of a character which would make' that worthy lie uneasy in his ' grave did he but know of them.; For his glory is completely and forever eclipsed by that of his modern prototype. The words of wisdom which fall from his lips during the never-less than three solid hours which is the regular term denoted to the transaction of the business of the ratepayers by their self-sacrificing representa tives would almost make a placet turn in its course and wonder, while the dignity with which the Council solemnly resolves to sell the Munici pal 'morning coach/ or receives tenders for seren bob's worth of municipal grass and other matters of just aa great importance would make grimalkin laugh. They evidently think the eyes of the whole of the colonies are upon them, and comport themselves accor dingly. But really it is about time they realised that their proceedings border on the ridiculous, and that what they spend hours over would by ordinary business-like men be disposed of in the space of time which at the i gatherings referred to, is devoted to hums and. hahs. It may be said that it matters little how long they take to do their business, or how they do it, so long aa it is d/)ne and properly done, but when it is stated that if the Launceston City Council were to transact its work in like fashion ifc would practically be sitting for ever the ridiculous nature of the whole farce is apparent. But perhaps with the new year the chosen ones will turn over a new leaf. — -Verb. Hap. Atbb's Pills cure constipation, improve the appetite, promote digestion, restore healthy action, and regulate every function. The medicine is pleasant to take and gentle in its operation. See Ayer's Almanac. Our revenue decline has at length been, stopped, and the roeoipta oo far for the year are J69OO ahead of last year. 