STDNBY. g[R ALFRED STEPHENS. SPIRITUALIST EXPOSURES. r-BOM OUB OWN O^BRBSPONDEHT.] Ootober 20. i THE rfaatb ol Sir Alfred Stephen* tbe nther day. ?» «he r'PB old of 92, med to »n«p one of tbe link* tbat Kind this presantcup-to-ijata olvillsitlon .itb tbe days of old time oonvlollsm and rlouesrsetllement. The man'* obaraoier, »o wben analysed, seems, naturally ?nnnib, to «how a aimnar oontrasi or ''ill Wehavno blendlDK of old time I'anaerTatlam Willi advanced Liberalism. As a Judge, Sir Alfred waseevere, almost »l»ntleH, aod orrert always on tbe tide m iaallce— to oallfd— on tha aide of msroy, mitt Nevertheless, one ot bie aois a* a i»ialator was to pate ? measure wbiob hu done tnuob to elleviate buman misery ?nd iDCreaae human happiness In thia mmmiDlty. 1 re,er' °' 00Qr#e- 10 bis Divorce Amendment Aot, whereby un mnnnlal couples had their bonds more uatly untied. Tble one great beneSoent *nd bomane enaotment staoda out like a green oasis In tbe dreary desert nf etern tod tnerollesB deoreee for wbiob be I* mpooslble. Tbat it bas accorded relief li evidenced by tbe large and continuous number of applloante, chiefly women, tbat take advantage of its provisions. Witb all his faults, however, Sir Alfred will leave behind blm an lllastrloas name lad a record of services tbat bave helped to monld the destiny of this young eoontry. Tbe theatrical carnival btld on Thurs day afternoon, in aid of a fond to assist ,ged and inUrm actor* and aotres.es, was to unqualified eucoege. Fan end irollo vtre riot for tbe time being, and oom moo-Mnse took b baok Beat. The football nitcb. males versns females, in oomlo eoatame, brought all tbe old popular downs, acrobats, and comediane to tbe (ot, who kept the public in a continual i*t of laughter. As tbe prise was a big *ke handsomely adorned with ooofec ttoery, tbe winners were aptly described a ' taking tbe oak®.' Fair ladies ot tbe lootllgbte who bave enraptured tbe be*rts of many Johnnies, In paint, powder, and tinsel, now took on tbem aelves new fanctlona, and dispensed tea, coSee, buns, and tbe like, to the same delighted obappleB, who ruined tbelr con stitutions for an approving amlle from tbese green-room beauties. I beard tbe cigars were particularly bad, but what of tbat. Qeneroalty overflowed everything like a cream custard. Tbe takings amounted to £1100, and as the expenses incurred are very Blight, a very tidy fund u available for relieving distress. Tbis spirit of bon eametaderie, wblcb has always existed in the theatrical profee cloo. is a very pleasant one to contem plate. For the last few months In Sydney, iplritualism bas been all tbe k*. Pro* minent citizens bave been allowing Ibem lelvea to be mystified and astounded a* a ttgnlar thing at seances held osaally at hnnit nt nr. M*n«rthv vhA la tn enthusiast at tble sort of thing. Tbls fa the gentleman, by tbe way, wbo was nther badly bitten over tbe marble man. However, rather a nasty knock was experienced tbe otber day by tbe epirltual adherents. Tbeir seances are all right provided some disagreeable and inqulsl lite sceptic is not In tbe crowd wbo mnst go round prying into the unfathomable ana grabbing stray epirlte. Mre. Mellon, whose name and experiences bave long before tbis been familiarized to ot by Btetd'e book on ' Ghosts,' held ? select etaee tbe other day at ber own house vbeo several epirlte known familiarly as 'fleordle' ' Cisay'ete , weremateriallsed helore tbe spectators. One of tbem, however, an arobttect of repate lo Sydney quietly annexed the epirlt and signalled to bis confederate to torn op tbe gas. Tableau! Embracing Mrs. fiiellor tbe medium. Result, general contusion and complete rout of tbe spirits. Is tbis Parliament going to lapse loto tbe same dreary spectactle of inane ver biage epouters, tbat has given previous ooes such an onen viable notoriety? It looka very much like It on tbe Land Bill debate wbiob is now being cundocted in committee. Countliea amendments are proposed every meeting, aod progress is alow, painfully elow. Mr. Reid feel* tbat bope deferred mattes tbe heart eiok, and almost wishes be bad never brongbt tbe Land Bill on first. Tbe financial state meot will be made on the firet Wednes day lo November, wbeo some more Interesting discussion will take place, and probably some lively debating. A com mtaiou of inquiry Is to be held into the condition of tne civil aervioe, when use less officers will be dispensed wltb, end tbelDoubuBon the country considerably lightened. An abstraot measure In favoar at looal option without compensation wae eattled by a email ma|orlty of tbree. This Assembly Is not particularly struck on temperance, though so far It baa managed lo keep Iteelfsarprisioglyaober. Witb tbe Idea ot raising tbe standard ot music In Sydney, and keeping It np to a uniformly bigb pltob, the Australian Musical Association has been formed, Mm posed of all the highest exponents of ?be art In all its various branches tbat »e are acquainted with in tbls asm naDlty. It has been ' constituted oo ? ?wiuupuuisa an. eoiwiio oasis. J» 'toloatlooa will be held periodically, and liplomas of merit will be awarded. This 'onot fall to bave a very desirable effect ?o musical oulture In tbis oolony. lo tbe European countries we bave aeen what a IHint factor all tbe various Aoademlea u Arts have been In developing and nilntalning high atandards. It will be J ; {J»t belp, too. In helping latent genius 'tbat blooms onseen' to get a footbold ii, u ' oP'iloo of ? cold doll world, Aitbongb generally tbe man of genina toes on bis own tack and oomee ont on tap. N«t Wednesday a benefit matinee ?HI be tendered to Mr. Arthur Garner, ?to, at a member of tbe famoas trlumvi 'rte, did much to extend and Improve u. n'ctl ,M,e Id thia part of tbe globe. J)'' Garner baa fallen upon evil day*, and 'Wtnany friende lln tbe profeaslon bave wmblned to give blm a leg up again. A JPicoeiiaueouB aiaortment ol song and i „'DC®! ol comic oner* and melodrama, of ii?5 y *nd aurobatlsm, will fill tbe blil 1 'J P'»y. George Blgnold la giving us ?notber bit of tbe dlviue Blil. 'Julius now oeouples tbe boards, but the pageantry ii *o gorgeout, the iioenery eo ®JWlfloeot, tbe hUost eo realistic and effmf,nae* *n-* *' otber modern etage Bklu mooo to eviaeooe, mat pout 2S2*W*,s oonHrlbutlon lo tbe whole .M d*-»dle away to notblog, mere Mi ?ow 'n 'Mt. At tbe Lyceum ' Ma ff™ ®OM'te,'.'wblob baa been doing well, ton?r'*y to 'Tbe MouDtebaoks,' a an5n Md mirthful opera by Gilbert ?»«.rv'^Votby,.0'fb °0t -K,U'1 10 tbe 10 8' end bear tbe Rev. bo«M.t,.e '? 1 WM not disappointed, dIm..!?.' l?r. ous oan epend a very iDetruotlve balf-honr listen Deal. -i,J though rugged ap now 'n termed late outbreaks every 0?* f?° ' of broad Sootob bumoar. aha» £r 10 h»Ve a very large too' ..^'?M'Nelll put In a lot of work, all '«,h, bltul,i carving tbe air Into DiranHv 21 rein,rk»ble shapes, and ap* ioaaSn»k?«n,ni (n'»lDent risk of dU wStinn'A1' flo?er boo*- Large aodlenoes SSSlSL1' '® op w«au'5 ?» wntbir l, »giln apon n», and teems likely to continue. Mr. Wragge holds not no hope for eome days to onmc. One often longs for a good old tropical Queensland thunderstorm, wbiob would m«ke things bum a bit, Inetead of tbls everlasting drlizle. 