THE NEW LODUER; ou MR TOMPKINS’ FRIEND. " Mies Effie, it’s no use; you’ll have to take anybody that comes, or give np the honse.” “ Perhaps I'd better give it up, Sarah ?'' “ Do as you pier s^, tji:ss; but it’s little the furniture.will bring you, and there’ll be rent for another three quarters, and if you have to pay for lodgings, you'll find them dear and not at all comfortable.” “ He’s a very respectable old gentleman, you say ?” Couldn’t be more s >. He’s lived in this house for months at a time. He gives very little trouble, and pays most regular. Ton needn't never see him yourself, miss; not unless you like. I’ll take his orders; he’s used to me, bless you. You just muke out his bills and l’il take them and get them paid. His comma now would tide us over the time till the ladies come back.” \- "Then Sarah, you may write and tell him he can come.” You may saythat Mrs Brown is dead, but tbo lady who is keep ing on the house has everything just’ the same. I dare say it was silly of me to make any difficulty.” And so the matter was settled, and Effie knew that she would be able to pay her rent as before. Also, when old Mr Tomp kins took pcssosaion of bis rooms be proved a harmless, quiet, pleasant old gentleman. Ha greeted Effia with courtesy when he met her on the stairs, and she saw him at no other tiino. He paid his bills with the utmost regularity. "My landlady looks young,” he re marked to Sarah. "I suppose she'is old Mrs Brown’s niece P” " I don't know as she’s so near a relation as that,” said Sarah, stolidly. But the impression remained in Mr Tompkins’ mind that Effie was his lata landlady’s niece, and that her name was Brown. This impression was likely to bo confirmed by tbo fact that- Effie continued to make out her accounts on the same printed forms that the late Mrs Brown had Mr Brown had been a grocer, and had, shortly before bis decease, procured a new stock of bill-beads, on which to send out his accounts to his customers. When his widow took up the lodging house business ehe made use of these bill- heads for her accounts, only crossing out the word grocer which followed '* E. Brown. ” And now Effie used them in her turn. She had no proper right to do so, because her name was not ltrown ; but she disliked to put her name on these bills, bo she wrote the words *• successor to” over the name “R. Brown.” A lodging house bill is not usually a very formal affair, so nobody noticed the custom or inquired into its meaning. Her signa ture, “ E Bruce,” was never very legibly written, and many people read it “E. Brown.” Of her own name she was secretly very proud, so proud that she would gladly have dropped it in her present obscure circum stances. She was a poor but solitary member of ft great house, and she had been reared in luxury and refinement. The ancle who had educated her kept » large establishment, and 1-ked to have it full of company. Effie had had pretty gowns to wear, and horses to ride, and had known what it was to be flattered and courted ns the mistress of a house where hospitality was lavish and the company agreeable. She bad known, too, all the triumphs of a pretty woman who bad beautiful dresses and social advantages 3t her command. Her uncle’s property, however, was en tailed, and he had never saved any money. He had no children, and did not perhaps consider that Effie’s claim on him could extend to a provision after his death. Probably he expected her to marry; and she might have done bo if he had not died suddenly when she was only twenty. Three years had passed since then, and Effie had learned what it was to be poor and lonely. The kindness of her uncle’B friends toward her had promised to be of a Black and uncertain sort, Mid she thought that she preferred independence. She was pot qualified to take a really good place as governess; but she had a lively voice and gre,\t- taste for music. She determined, therefore, to go to the city and take pupils She .took lodgings with Mrs Brown, who had been he* mother’s maid twenty years before, am? who continued to treat her. in apite of her poverty, with the deepest re spect. But EllJs had not prospered. She wm not experienced in the ways of the world, »adshe avoided rather thansongbfc her old friends- Often she had a difficulty in earning enough to live. But Mrs trown was very kind to her, and at last would have been glad to let her live in the house for nothing- Then Mrs Brown died, and it was found that she had left her fnroitr.re *o Effie. She had spoken of it long before to lier servant, Sarah. “ I bought it with money T saved when -—:au -mvo TJv»vir*a ” declared, *• and I was Mrs Bruce it ghall go h»ck where it came from so long as I’ve no heir of my own to give it •to. And there’s many a duighter wouldn’t have been as good as she s been to me m this illness. My bit of savings go to you, Sarah, as I’ve promised, because you’ve helped me to make them. But the furni ture will help to keep a home for that poor young thing, and I don’t see why the house shouldn't go on as before with you to xoanage it.” , „ ... The house had gone on as before, until the two maiden ladies who occupied the b*Bt roome were ordered to the south of France for the winter, and the widow who had been a £xture for years in the dining room suite vent away to live with, a marr ied son. ‘Then it was that Tompkins made his application, and was accepted. Effie bad thought fhat she would not like to take gentlemen as loggers; but business could not be conducted on such principles of fastidiousness, and just now she was -very short of pupils. So Mr Tompkins came. His coming’ seemed at first to make •jio real difference to Ellis Tfc was about a month afterward that she earn*, in very tired from a long wslk. She jj^d b(h,'u giving lessons in the afternoon, in her little- sitting room, but ate Come, now, Mi* Effie, what’s the mluHer ?” said Sarah, c&Sev.y; " i c»n’t tell you,” she said,- nushing her chair from the table and looking wound Jt was a dreary place. She felt choked by the meanness of its dark and dingy walls. The life she lived seemed intoler able in its proverty and loneliness. She had no friends in tbo world, nobody to speak to of her own affairs, except this good-natured servant. « Something has happened, said Sarah; ’I’ve never seen you like this before “It’s only,” Effie answered, “that lve Been a ghost.” Farther than that she would say noth At this time she hod ceased io think of Mr Tompkins, leaving him entirely to the management of Sarftlu He bad, the ibefore, gone into the country on a visit, but he retained his rooms. "There’sa letter for you io look at,” Sarah remarked, after a while, and Effie roused herself to open and read it. It was addressed to Miss Brown, so she knew it contained nothing of any private interest. When, indeed, did any letter come to her Jbfaat did ? « It concerns you more than it does me,” gb*.'' said, tossing it across to the managing Skre hl “it’s from Mr Tompkins. He has offered the U3e of his room to a friend for a few iMVhtg. and the friend will arrive to morrow- I suppose it will make no -difference” *< No, tnifh That night Effie had st-ange dreams. Once more shdlived in lofty rooms and wore beau^*111 ra'ment. Men smiled ai •ha entered, and woman caressed » they srdpoKtd h«r. She Uttaaad to **aat music and plpaewiti voicep, she ■wandered through gardens rich in flowers. It wau a selfish and sordid dream, perhaps, hut it was like a taste of heaven after the life shehad led; and into that dream there came a voice pleasanter than any of the other, and the touch oE a hand that made her own tremble; there was such a thi’ill of emotion, in the meeting,that she started out of her sleep and awoke sobbing. • Ob. how empty and ugly was the world about her ! Sarah was hind to her, but no one else; and w'nat could Sarah do to help her in her heart-loneliness P >>he was still hut a tender young thing, and had been used for so many years to have at least the semblance of love about her. She had been petted and praised, all her wants bad been ministered to, and her favor had been courted and valued. Now- shfi counted for nothing in the world where shillings were of more value than sweet locks. The world was sordid; people counted their pennieB grudgingly into soft young fingers, which had been made only—as it seamed in her old life—for the tender touches of friendship and love. -• ■ Sou had met a man that day who belonged to her old.life, who had helped her, indeed, tmnooil it, andnpw she.rci<e-it»d to herself, “If 1 had''Bsver,'feeaYfijjntJ"-'sjt was.not th*e she bad ev«i loved him, but that, in <he wilfalntsj of a happy'iim<, she had let her intercourse with him vex and offend the man sbe had really loved. - “ How coulc I be se foolish ?” she said to herself ; and then she went oa to murmur, thinking of the man she had loved; “ J hope hs will waver know or guess what a miserable thing I am now.” She fancied (hat he would only pity and despise her, for he bad never really Jovea her; and it teemodto her that already she had taken the tone of her surroundings, so .that sii grace and beauty had left her, 111 might have been so happy now,” she said, am) cried herself to sleep again, Mr Tomkins' friend arrived the next day, while sbe was out with her pupils. Sh* was toiling wearily uprtaiw on her return, when his door ojieutd and he said— “ Sara'a.” She stood still, bar hand on the banister, out she did not look rotird; it seemed as it she had been turned into stone. If anyone had been in front of her, he would have seen that her face was as whits as it could well be, anil that her mouth was drawn with a strong look of distress. But the lodger was below, and did not clance up ; Sarah came, hurrying out of ihe kitchen, and while tbc two talked, Effie went on upstairs slowly and softly. When she reached her own room she sat down by tba bed ; sho was trembling all over now, and did not even attempt to take c.fE tier jaekaf. Instead of that she rang her be'!, a thing she. had not dose for years, for she had loDg Icarat to do without personal attend anc?. The strangeness of the incident made Sarah hasten upstairs. “ Who is that, Sarah ?’* Effie asked. “ Who were you talking to ?” “ Tbe'new lodger—Mr Tompkins’ friend I mean. He came half an hour ago.” “ Put he is not going to stay 2” Why, certainly, miss ; you said yonrsalf it made no difference.” t did. n.-it know, then; bat it i3 impos sible that he Bhonld stay.” •> I’m Rfraid he’ll have to. He’s brought his things and everything. We can’t turn him out. and why should wo l He’s never b-en rude to you, mris ?” “ Buda to me I He would be rude to no one. But—but—if he stays, I cannot; I must go,” said Effie, wildly; and she began to tin her bonnet strings again. “ Just sit still, and let me get you a cup of tea. You don’t know what you’re saying. You’re tired to death.” “ I know quite well. Hs is Mr Lucas ; he is Paul Lucas, and he has come here 1" “ Lucas is his name,- sure enough, but what difference .that should make I can't see. You’ve laken cold,” Buid the good woman, with anxious tolicitnde, “ and. got put out about something. Got your things off and come downstairs.” " I cannot come down, unless it is to go out and come back no more. I might meet him if I did.” " T don’t see how that would matter. He’s a gentleman, and you say yourself he’d never be rude to Bnyone, I didn’t think yon were one to have such fancies, just because na’a younger than we thought.” “ But he wonld know me, Sarah.” “ I esa’t tell what you mean, Mies Effi?. Have you met him before f” “ Met him T He ought to have been—if I had not baen a fool he would Juave Jbeeo— oh, Sarah, how can I tell you V* and she put h-r head down on the coarse colored coun terpane and sobbed bitterly. “ Nay, miss, if you won’t tell me, how cm I help you ? Yet, if it’s as bad as this it would be best to know.”,— 11 He iB the man Iwar to—that my unde wanted me to marry.” . “ Ah I’* said Sarah, light breaking in upon her, *• and you didn't like him.” “ Not like him 1” said Effie, fiercely, the p«.nt-n> pa8 ios of long y<ara breaking out under this provocations. “I love him with nil my heart. I wish he would speak to me to-night as he once aid—only once before, and then that I might die and have done with it. and forget tbe rest." “ Good Lord 1” said the woman, shocked as well a< amazed. “ I didn’t think you were that sort.” “I didn’t think so myself,” said Effie; “ but I am tired, tired to death, and I don't care what I Bay,” “Poor dear! You've hid a bad time, and j not wsat you've been used to,” said Sarah, her sympathy returning. "But you don’t I mean to say that ho didn’t like yon ?” ! 11 He diifv't like, me—much,” Baid Effie, in self-Bcorn, “and I vexed him. So he went away.” “ Well, now he’s back it’ll all come right," said Sarah, cheerfully.. “You come down and get your tea—and how would it be if yon was to take bis in on a tray as a surprise, and see what would come of it ?" Poor Effis 1 The bitterness of her position was not likely ta be understood by this rude but. faithful friend. She had spoken almo-t abjectly of her love for Panl Lucas, and yet Bhe would rather die than let him gue.FB her feelings, or meet him at all in her present position. How conld Sarah comprehend that P At last, however, ehe made it clear that she wculd not c-.n-ant to remain in the house her moment if Mr Lucas knew that sho there; as she had nowhere else to go hiB threat was certain to make Sarah i her secret safely. “ Then Sarah fought nst Effie’s desire to send Mr {Lucas y. There was no reason that conld be n—if she tried to turn him out he Id demand to see the mistress. Then where would yon be P ” she d. •* it is but a few days. You need ,r be on the stairs when he is in the is. I'll bring your things up and down ,ou, and you can go ont the back way. i not of the sort to pry into places that t belong to him. He’B too much the ileman.” > Effie agreed to do nothing desperate. y Bhe eat up in her cold room wrapped > shawl until Mr Lucas went oat. Then crept down to the kitchen fire and had > tea. She was afraid of being alone at vhile he was so near. She felt that if > to her own thoughts she would be en to do something strange. She ht even get > up and walk into the ng-room to say to him,— W®n’t you forgive me, Panl. I never dan7tfne*)utyou.” rhat COU.M have been more dreadful i that 9 wT^t desperate humiliation— t dfpths of igffdhle self-scom might be expected to follov? * At least now could, to some degree, respect herself, Le she dwelt alone in her mlaery and he did not know it. 