ART. Art Society's Exhibition. First Notice. Last Saturday was the private view day at the Art Society's annual exhibition, and on Mon day, in accordance with long-kept custom, the show was open to the general body of the public. This year's exhibition is under more favourable con ditions as to light and space than heretofore, since it - is being held at the Crystal Palace Rink, York-street. The rink provides a great hall, in a central situation, . and with a suitable ' top light.' It was adapted to similar purposes some years ago, when a collection of British works of art was shown there. Very wisely, the selection committee has not been tempted by the - additional wall space to increase unduly tbe number of accepted works. Last year there were in all 327 pictures and sculptures in the catalogue ; this year that total is increased by 70. On the other hand, the hanging committee has had an easier task to cope with, and it may fairly be said that there is not a picture of genuine merit which is not well placed. Not only are the pictures seen to more advantage in the spacious gallery than last year, but the collec tion itself is intrinsically better. If, as usual, there is a superabundance of landscapes as compared with ? figure paintings, if again the charge must be made that imaginative subjects are conspicuous by their absence, theie are at least more scenes of domestic interest, more which are characteristically Australian, and fewer of the flower and still-life studies and decorative panels which in times past ? have been so prominent. In addition to this there - are half a dozen works of distinguished merit, and one which may be hailed as the picture of the year. Mr. Tom Roberts has painted the great picture of the year, 'Shearing at Newstead,' and the trustees of the Art Gallery have purchased it for £275. It is a work of high artistic value, and will worthily per petuate the artist's memory tor generations to come. Amongst the first 10 pictures of 1891 may also be named W. Lister Lister's 'Where the Sea-tides Ebb and Flow' (No. 284) and 'Peaceful Morn' (No. 210); 'In Happy Moments' (No. 220, by Arthur Collingridge; Gordon Coutts's 'Por- trait of a Lady' (No. 239) ; Albert J. Hanson's 'Kynance Cove ' (No. 315) ; and 'The Long Day Closes' (No. 322), by Percy F. S. Spence. Mr. Lister, a painter of not less industry than talent, hits the mark time after time in the most exemplary way ; and Mr. Albert Hanson was also in last year's selection. But visitors will gladly welcome back Mr. Arthur Collingridge to the front ranks of the favoured few ; and Mr. Percy Spence has not for long done anything equal to this his marked success of 1891. After a final conference with his colleagues, the director of the Art Gallery (Mr. E. L. Monte- fiore) affixed the coveted red ticket to six pictures over and above Mr. Tom Roberts's chef d'oeuvre. Their choice draws attention to the fact that there is an infusion of new blood into the local art system, since the names of E. E. Cusack and S. Long are both comparatively unknown. Mr. S. Long won a second prize at the Students' Competition at the Art Gallery some time back. The trustees have now purchased his 'By Tranquil Waters,' for the large sum of £84. The young painter has immense talent joined with a violent slap-dash style of laying on the colour, which, it is to be hoped, time and experience will moderate and tone down. Miss E. E. Cusack, an Australian lately returned from Paris, has a clever pastel drawing, 'Aline ' (No. 133), purchased for £15 15s ; and Mr. B. E. Minn's 'Types of New South Wales Aboriginals' and 'Aboriginal Girl' — delicate water-colours which reproduce with fidelity the traits of a decaying race — have been acquired for $26 5s and £5 5s respectively. Miss Alice Norton's water-colour, 'A place of wind and flowers, full of sweet trees and colour of glad grass,' (No. 37), a park-like scene with a foreground painted with much delicacy, but not other wise remarkable, has been bought for £21. The sculpture, which is never strong, includes, nevertheless a finely-modelled life-size figure by D. H. Batchen, which may be considered the chief work of the section ; a 'Bacchante Voilee,' a bust which shows Emile Leysalle's fine technique ; and A. G. Reid's 'Defiance.' This last is a statuette of a blackfellow of lithe and agile form, with a boomerang in his hand, modelled with care and marked by spirited execution. The trustees have purchased 'Defiance ' for £15 15s. The oil painting section opens with flower studies, of which amongst the best are the door panels painted with kurrajong flower by Miss Helen Willis ; whilst in the still-life may be noticed the 'Study of Birds ' (No. 305), the neutral tints of the plumage delicately enforced in effective contrast, by Miss Margaret Fleming. The more serious work may be said to begin with Mr. A. H. Full wood's 'A Lagoon Camp ' (No. 209), cattle watering in the pools, the distance unconvincing, and the whole not showing the artist at his best, in spite of the accuracy with which the tall grass in the foreground has been painted. This artist's best work is probably 'Bad News from Town ' (No. 283), a homely kitchen in- terior, with the figure of a woman, bowed with grief, a letter in her hand, to explain the title. Not only is the sombre brown tone of the interior, with its correct perspective and the dash of strong light at the back, carefully thought out, but the overwhelmed expressionof theprincipal figure, her faceburied in her pocket-handkerchief, the intelligent gaze of the collie at her side, vand the attitude of the bushman lighting his pipa by the fire— all contribute to an ensemble hone the less touching because homely. Mr. Fullwood'haB also a fine work in 'Sunrise from Mount Wellington, Tasmania;' an immensely diffi- cult subject, in which the ideas of depth and distance between the foreground of rocky mountain-top and the far-stretching harbour view below are happily suggested by the impalpable vapour which rises from the unseen valley between. However, it is a pity that this lightnest of touch is not more apparent in the clouds of rose and gold that nearly obscure the blue sky. They are too solidly worked, and thus appear to project too far forward over the scene. 'The'Clarence River at New- bold,' a small but charming landscape by the same artist, may also be noticed with pleasure. Miss Ethell A. Stephens's best work in portraiture is 'A Gleaming Ghost of Tears.' It has value not only for the realistic character of the not very clear flesh tones and for the treatment of the hair, but also for the languid, dolorous gaze of the eyes. There is a great deal of sex in the expression, and in cidentally the flowers at the breast are beautifully painted. ' Where the Sunshine Sleeps on Lawn and Lea,' also by Miss Stephens, shows the br'ght vernal tints of the sward, with a fern-covered fore ground which has been treated with equal care and success. No. 352 (' Willie, Son of Professor David ') is a good portrait of an engaging little bow-mouthed child. The first of Mr. W. Lister Lister s pictures which in numerical order attracts attention is !' Peaceful Morn' (No. 210). The spirit of a great calm broods over this scene. The tide, that element of motion and unrest, is far out beyond the long stretch of - sand ; seagulls are on the margin of the great shallow hemmed in by the low rocks of the seashore ; and from the heavily- clouded sky rays of silver light are shooting down upon the low soft headland that skirts the beach. Tenderness is the prevailing tone in this work, which is one of . the most fascinating in the gallery. Mr. Lester has as his c/mf-eTauvre that great canvas, ' Where the sea tides ebb and flow ' (No. 284). This, too, is a coast scene, and is remarkable for the animation of its effect in proportion to the stillness depicted, and for that curious appearance of cl»,ar, penetrating light, beneath a more or less cloudy sky, which is one of the most alluring characteristics of the Australian climate. The scene comprises a surface of marvel lously, glassy, and transparent water, reflecting in cool grey shadows the clouds above, weed-grown rocks, and low hills, verdant and purple in sunlight and shadow, which stretch out to the emerald breakers tossing far away — the only visible sign of life iu a singularly cheerful and inspiring landscape. Mr. Lister has several other works of less importance. Mrs. Mary Stoddard's title of ' Spring;' (No. 216) is not specially applicable, for the type of good looks of her subject is too heavy aud robust to sug gest the etherial season. This, however, does not affect, the value of the work, aud the masterly modelling of the features and the admirable Treatment of tbe white drapery commend it to amateurs. Mrs. Stoddard also exhibits a por trait of ' Miss Muriel Carter ' (No. 2S5), a charming subject, the expression mild and unaffected, the modelling of the clasped hands just, and the arrange ment of details picturesque. 'The Weird Sisters, Rocklily ' (No. 217), introduces a new exhibitor, Mr. J. S win ton Diston, whose paintings of the Broken Hill mine were purchased for the Art Gallery at a recent students* competition. The guarlel aud withered trunks, upon such a 'blasted heath ' as was; described in 'Macbeth,' are well drawn, and the wild and desolate nature of the place is aptly suggested. The new artist's finest work, however, is 'Evening on the Coast, Pittwater' (No. 218). The treatment of the wind-swept sky, with the curious brown-grey tints, whose warrath will soon be. quenched in the gloom of nifirht, shows the rare faculty of original observation and research. Mr. Diston also forwards two good portraits, a clever study from life, 'A Connoisseur' (No. 228), and some minor contributions which might well have been spared. Mr. Charles H. Hunt is not strongly represented this year. There is, however, feeling for a difficult open-air effect in 'Neutral Bay' (No. 220), the cool dark tones of which suggest the dark ness in whicb. the scene is clothed. Mr. Arthur Collingridge paints kaugaroos at play in the loag sundried grass, under the title of ' In Happy Moments.' The doe, half iu shadow, is crouched on the ground, her young one playing at her side ; and a little further away the 'old man' kangaroo survey^ the. scene, reared to his full height. The c -louring of the animals is true to nature, and the drawing instinct with life. 'A Spring Morning '' is a clever essay at reproducing the dim half-light which precedes the dawn, with calves frisking beneath a tree. This is evidently an idyll of calf . life— perhaps of calf love. Mr. Collingridge is also to be congratulated upon his pretty ' Peep at Bathurst ' (No. 324). With the wrathful ravings of the rejected ringing through the town, one wonders how Miss Emily Meston's portrait, No. 222, passed the selec tion committee, especially as this artist was already '. represented by flower-studies, for which she has a decided talent. Mr. W. C. Piguenit, who in previous years has proved prone to repeat himself, makes something of a new departure in ' Over the Hills and Far Away ' (No. 292) — a dreamy landscape near Campbelltown. The softness of the meadow view and the tender touch employed in the grey sky over which the rain-cloud is spreading make the eye dwell with pleasure upon the sceue. There is the same har . monious quality apparent in Mr. Piguenit's 'In the Gloaming,' with cattle going home beneath a sunset glow, painted in the artist's best manner. Mr. Arthur Streetou has not done so much as usual, and some of his minor . works are unequal ; but the absence of ' The A. A. Company's Gloucester Buckets ' (No. 293) would be a loss to the exhibition. The title is a trifle puzzling to town dwellers, who are apt to look for mining shafts, creameries, and the like, until the presence of minute and insignificant cattle presumably explains the recondite use of the term ' Buckets.' Here the artist has succeeded marvellously well in giving aerial lightness to the mountains which tower behind, to ' gether with a certain shimmering radiance to the ghostly white of the ringbarked trees, and a charm ing vernal tint to the flower- besprinkled herbage. This picture is painted with extreme art, and we find 'in it no trace of the hurried, care less, unfinished touch which youtig 'impressionists ' begin with, and, like Mr. Streeton, grow out of as their talent matures. This artist has also a fantastic decorative design (No. 372) in which a thin and long-thighed girl plays the violin iu a state of nudity in company with a little boy who tootles on the flageolet. The composition is clever and has style, but it is too bizarre and modern in its tone. Mr. Tom Eoberts's ' The Golden Fleece '—to give his ' Shearing Shed ' its second and more poetic title— is one of those convincing works, strongly painted, full of research, and bearing close inspection, which are not too often seen in any gallery. The nervous force which inspires the varying attitudes of the figures, the ruddy tints of the men's faces as contrasted with the silver light re flected from the falling fleece, the vigorous life of the scene* and the skill of the composition are the chief points in one of the finest works yet shown at the Art Society's exhibitions. 