THE LABOR PARTY. DINNER TO MR. SANGSTER, M.L.A. A number of the political .upportora of Mr. Sangstor, M.L.A, representative of Port Mel bourne, entertained him yesterday evening at a dinner, given in th. local town hall. Sir. T. O. Little presided, having on bis left Cr. Hill, mayor of tho borough. Amongst the visitors present were Messrs. Bromley, Winter, Tron- with, Moloney, Frendergast and Hamilton, ill's. LA. , all connected with the Labor party. The Chairman proposed Mr. Songster's health. He said tho late contest for Mr. Songster's election had boen short, sharp and satisfactory. All tho expense, to the Labor candidate had been 4s. 8d., excluding the engagement of th. Town Hail and the printing account. (Hear, hear.) He never met with more willing co operation in any election. Mr. Songster's sup porters would do anything for him but Bubsoribe money. That they wero unable to do, but they did without it. (Hear, hear.) Ho hoped Mr. Songster would havo a prosperous future. Hear, hear.) Mr. Songster, who rose to speak amid applause, thanked the company for the toast. His object in getting a seat in Parliament was not altogether for his personal advantage, hut because he believed the Labor and Liberal party was inadequately represented in point of numbera. He would have gladly supported any other candidoto had another been chosen in that interest instead of himself. It was not true, ss stated by th. local press, that he had sought to get into the Port Melbourne council ae a step to Parliament. He tried to get into the Port Mel bourne rnnneil »o that the Liber party might l>u better roprosentcd on that body, and he believed the Labor party ougfit to bo properly repre sented on all town councils, in tho Harbor Trust and the Metropolitan Board of Works. There were now in Parliament no fewer than Svo ex-presidents of the Trades Hall Council and ouo president. That ought to be proof that tho Trados Hall Council was a good training aobooi for members. The piejudice against the Trades Hall hod boon so strong and had been so worked upon by Sir Jamee Patterson and the Argus, that the electors at last hod apparently dotorminsd to sco what the bogoy was. People in his country when they saw a ghost tried to touoh it, and they usually found it was no ghost at all. (A Yoico : That's what they do in Sydney.) Tho Labor party in the House was increasing. The reason the Government was not more popular was because the Governor had made the mistnko of ending for Mr. Turner instead of Mr. Tron- with to form a Government, Unfortunotoly, most Governments lately had only given pro mises and not noted up to them. The danger was that this Government would do the same. Tho Labor party would try to keep the Govern ment up to tiie collar, and if the Government would not legislate according to requirements lie only hopod the Labor party would have influence enough to shift the Government. (Hear, hear.) To lift the country out of its depression was men's work, not child's play. He was pleased to be attaohed to a party having as ospohle a leader as Mr. Tronwitli. He felt suro in the tuturo Mr. Trenwith's ability would he more widely recognised, both in Parliament and the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Wright proposed the toast of Parlia ment, coupled with the names of the members of the Labor party. Mr. Trenwith said he was pleased, on behalf of Parliament, to respond with thanks for the onthnsiastie manner in which the toast of Parliament wes honored. If Parliament were as it ought to be, representative of tho majority of the people, 80 per cont. of th. members should be Labor mem bers. As yet that state of affairs had not been reached. Some progress had, however, been made. There was need for discretion on the part of those who constituted the Labor party. They wore on tho crest of a wave of popular feeling in their favor. Any want of circumspection in their behavior would lend to want of confidence. It was better they should not hit at all than miss n maik. In the coming session be hoped tho Labor parly would be guided by extreme caution rather than impetuosity, so that it might do credit to itself. The Government now in office was in a position of greater responsibility than any previous Government, anil he believed in a position of greater difficulty than any previous Government. His name had been mentioned as one which ought to liavo been included in the list of members of tho Govern ment. He had never expressed that opinion, and appeared to be th. only man who had not thought lie ought to have been in the Government. Ho desired to say to his friends in aud out of vParliument that even if it were correct that he should have been in the Government, even if it were a justi fiable expectation that he might have been included in it, that should not affect tho action of the Labor party in Parliament. (Hear, hear.) The pBrty should determine to he above pique and petty personal feeling. If the Government tried to give effect to the Labor party's programme— which it had adopted with one or two exceptions — the Labor party would atand loyally and geno- rously behind the Government, helping the Government when the Government was trying to work, and pushing the Government on when the Government Beamed to bo trying to shirk its duty. (Hear, hear.) Ho hoped that would be the action of the Labor party. It should be understood clearly that there wore on. or two exceptions which the Labor party took to tho Government programmo. That programme con tained points which wero not points in the Labor party's platform, and those points th. Labor party would have to fight whenever the Govern ment proposed to introduce them into debate. Above and before all, tho Labor party would havo to combat the attempt to destroy the key stone of the democracy— payment of members. The Labor party would have to resist that with all tho force it was capable of. As this seseion was one in which it was proposed to put the finances right, he therefore hoped the Govern ment would not be eo incautions as to stop tho way by opposing paymont of members. (Hear, hear.) Messrs. Maionoy, Winter, Bromley, Prender- gast and Hamilton also responded. 