Shl ltcsjpearc's IUamlet. The ttardy was first publs'oed in 1603. It was partly founded on a work by S ezo (ramaticus, a Danish historian. Shakes. pears has given us several editions, each time endeavoring to make the play more perfect. The principal characters of this drama are formed of the royalty of Denmark. In the political management, the Danish crown is the object sought. To gain it, Claudius coeo mite murder on the person of his brother, by pouring into his ear salow but deadly poison. HudEon states that the queen was no acoom plies in the matter, and perhaps had no sus picion of it. But she deceived the king, her former husband and Hamlet's father, and in her interview with Hamlet she partly con feseed her guilt. Ruskin says: " In Shakespeare the catas. trophe of every play is caused always by the folly or fault of a man; the redemption, it there be any, is by the wisdom and virtue of a woman, and failing that, there is none I" Olludius, it is true, did commit the murder, but he knew, beforehand, that by this aot he could marry the queen and thus gain posses. stun of the coveted crown. The leading characteristies of the tragedy ls Hamlet's madness. The murder of his lather and the guilt of his mother seemed to pray ceaselessly on his mind; though he was not proclaimed to be mad until after his in. terview with the ghost. This seems to be an apparition of his murdered father, and is thought, by some, to be merely a supernatu. ralt vision of Hamlet's imagination. He relates to him the dark history of how he was mur. dered; that while sleeping in his garden, un. consoious of evil, Claudius had stolen upon him and administered a poison whieh had the effect of a serpent's sting; and by his brother's hand ho had at once lost life, crown, and queen. It scems that Hamlet had sue peeled this, but had kept silent. The ghost enjoined upon him two things: first, that he must revenge the murder; second, that however he pursued his revenge, he must not etain his soul or taint his conscience; yet he leaves to his own judgment how'thie must be done. In the oloset scene with his mother, the ghost would appear to be pursly imeginary, for it speaks to hamlet, andbe draws her at. tention directly to it, yet she neither sees nor hears it. Some Shakesperian tragedians treat this as an expression of a distempered mind, wherein llamlet reproaches himself for his tardiness in revenging the murder; which act he does not perform until just before his own death. Undoubtedly Hamlet saw the inevitable harm that would come to him if he murdered the king without some justification of the act. The people of Denmark would not suffer the murderer of their king to go unpunished. Hudson says: "Shakespeare portrays many great criminals, mon and women, too who for awhile ride in triumph over virtue wronged, and he always brings them to punishment, so far as this world can punish them. But he never in a single instance does this till their crimes are laid open to the world so that all about them recogniue the justice of their fate." The critics have spent much labor on the question of Hamlet's madness, as to whether he was or was not mad; yet the evidence is so strong both ways that a decision has never been fully rgreed upon. Hamlet appears to be perfectly rational when with Horatio. He confides to him all his sorrows and his 'plans, and asks only his assistance. Horatio is one of Shakespeare's noblest characters, honest, sandid, and true till death. Those concerned in the play truly believe Hamlet mad, with the exception of the king, whose guilty conscience tells him the malady is only feigned to conceal some secret pur. pose; for he knows that Hamlet esupects the crime. In his intervipw with Opbelis, Hamlet seems sane enough. He suspects that she has been sent to him with some crafty de. sign, and that they are watched and listened to; he rails at her and frames his speech so as to deceive the eavesdroppers as well This betrays wonderful presenco of mind and con. trol of will for one whose mental powers are deranged. It is not until she tells him a falsehood that his rage breaks forth. When he sees the king at prayers, he is tempted to kill him on the spot; yet with his powerful will. resolutely refrains from doing so. The most pathetic and touching part of the drama is the grief of Ophelia. She does not rave, and there lies the pathos. Here is a sad, quiet madness that speaks of the sorrowing soul within, and tells better the tale of woe than could any raving demonstration. A superhuman power calmly works out the contending, conflicting purposes, the baffled aims and disappointed hopes, of these weak human agents, thereby teaching ua that a Divine Providence guards and guides the schemes of frail humanity. Hamlet does not perform the mission of his life till just before it ends. The king, who had been secretly working against him, prerares a cup of wine containing poison, which he invites him to drink; but Hamlet suspects the treachery, and the king is bsflled. He has also enven omed the point of Laertes' sword, to be plunged remorselessly into Hamlet's heart; but by the intricate working of things it enters his own instead. Hamlet dies in the arms of Horatio. Every. thing is worked out in his favor, and he at last performs his duty in a way that leaves his character unsullied and his soul on. stained. "And that should teach us There is a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we will." 