KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER IV. AT SCARSWOOD. Late in the afternoon of that sunny June day, at the very hour, indeed, in which Sir Arthur Tre- genna sat listening to Wyatt and his companion in the coffee-room of his hotel, Lady Dangerfield, her uncle, cousin, governess, servants, etc.— an imposing procession— arrived from London at Scarswood Park. Scarswood ! With the rose-flush of the setting sun upon it, with the glades, the lawns, the shrubberies steeped in cold, with the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to burnished silver, the scarlet roses like sparks of fire, every leaf of the copper beeches blood-red rubies, the windows glancing through the trees like sheets of burnished gold, Scarswood Park and the turreted old mansion came upon them—a marvellously fair picture. Trackless depths of fern waved away and away, the great fish-pond spread out like a silver mirror. Landscape gardeners under my lady's orders had done their work ; the parterres, the tropic bloom, the wealth of myrtle and mignonette, of roses and geraniums, were like unto some modern garden of Eden. ''How lovely ! what a magnificent old place !'' Lady Cecil exclaimed ; ''and you call it as dull as death, as dismal as a tomb, Ginevra!'' It was her first visit to the ancestral home of her cousin's rich husband, and in her heart of hearts the belle of London dearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her with a little sour air. " So it was, so it is, so it will be—if I let it. Why can't the London season last forever ? I like rural life and rustic scenes in pictures— in real life give me Belgravia, year in, year out." " And balls, soirees, operas, drawing-rooms, and drives — the old, weary, tread-mill, tiresome, endless round. You are fearfully and wonderfully vital, Ginevra, and stand the wear and tear well ; but if these little breathing spaces did not come, even you would have to go under speedily. For myself, six weeks of London, if you will, four of Paris, and the rest of the year in just such a dear old country house as this, half a dozen nice people to live with, one's country neighbors to visit, and Mrs. Grundy forgotten." " Well, my dear, you shall have all that and more when you are Lady Tregenna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Scarswood, and twice as truly rural. Is that my lord and master I see on the portico steps ? Really he shrivels up and grows smaller every passing day ! And here come Pearl and Pansy flying down the steps like little wild Indians. Miss Herncastle, what do yon think of your future home and your future pupils ?'' The governess, in charge of my lady's fat King Charles, had taken the third seat in the carriage. The earl had not driven with the ladies from the station. Miss Herncastle's large, calm eyes had been taking in everything, and Miss Herncastle'a calm tones replied : " It is a beautiful place, my lady. But I have seen Scarswood before." " Indeed ! This is not your first visit to Sussex, then? Was it in Sir Peter's time, or before? Pansy —Pearl ! Little wretches, do you want to run under the carriage wheels ! Stand back and be still ! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those children run wild in this boisterous manner !'' It was my lady's first greeting to her husband as she was assisted out. Sir Peter had come down the steps to meet her ; she gave him two gloved fingers, then gave the twins first a shake, then a kiss. The little nine-year olds were miniatures of herself—the same round, black eyes, the same crisp, black hair, the same petite features and proportions, and so much, also, like one another that it seemed impossible at first glance to tell them apart. ''You disobedient little midgets !'' their mamma said, ''how often have I told you not to rush to meet any one in that hoidenish way ? What is your maid thinking of to let you ?'' " Twasn't Susan's fault, mamma," piped one black-eyed twin. " She told me to stay in the nurs- ery ; but me and Pansy saw the carriage, and you and Auntie Cecil, from the window, and we couldn't stay. We're awful glad yon're come, auntie. Our dolls haven't got a summer dress to their backs." Lady Cecil laughed and kissed the twins. Children always fell in love with her at sight. " Not a summer dress to their backs, Pearl, and the season so far advanced ! A harrowing case, which must be attended to immediately. Sir Peter, will you indorse Pearl's welcome, and say you are glad to see me likewise ?" She gave him her hand with a smile that thawed even the frozen nature of Sir Peter Dangerfield. To be glad to see any one who was a visitor and a daily expense was not in his nature ; but as such things had to be under the rule of his very much better half, he shook Lady Cecil's delicate gray glove, and said something about his pleasure in welcoming her to Scarswood. ''And Scarswood is a home to be proud of,'' Lady Cecil said —'' my idea of an earthly paradise, as I told Ginevra coming up. Papa stayed behind, Sir Peter, talking to a friend — he will be here for dinner. Permit me —Miss Herncastle, Sir Peter. Ah, Pansy ! ah, Pearl ! No more dolls and dressmaking. Here is a lady come all the way from London to train you in the way you should go.'' The twins fixed four big, bright, black eyes full on the new governess. Sir Peter bowed — the governess was at some little distance— then stopped, put up his eye-glass, and stared again. The governess came a step nearer, fixed her eyes upon his face, made a graceful obeisance, and turned to her pupils. ''Will you give me a kiss, my dear ? You are Pansy, are you not ? you Pearl ? Ah ! I thought I could tell the difference, though you are so much alike.'' ''I trust, Sir Peter, you saw that the upholsterers fitted up the drawing and dining-rooms according to my orders ? Have the pictures ar— '' She stopped short. ''Good gracious, Queenie, what is that man staring at ? Sir Peter !'' He never heard her. His eyes behind his double eye-glass were fixed upon Miss Herncastle; his face had turned to a dull yellow pallor from brow to chin. His wife stood and stared at him aghast. ''For Heaven's sake, look at him, Queenie! Is he going to have a fit, or---- Sir Peter Danger- field, what on earth are you agape at ?'' She caught his arm impatiently, and gave him no gentle shake. '' He's staring at you, Miss Herncastle. What is the matter with him ?'' Miss Herncastle turned calmly from the children, and again looked at the baronet. ''He certainty looks very ill. Is there anything I can do?'' ''Her voice !" the baronet said in a horror-struck whisper; ''her eyes, her face ! Oh, Heaven! who is this ?'' ''Who?'' his wife cried, with a second angry shake.''Are you mad ? Whom are you looking at ? What do you mean ? Who ?'' ''That woman— that girl! Who is she?'' '' Miss Herncastle, the children's governess, you little idiot.'' Lady Dangerfield actually called that noble baronet 'a little idiot,' and gave him a second shake into the bargain. ''What is there about her to frighten you into fits, I should like to know ?'' ''Miss Herncastle, the governess,'' he muttered, falling back ; ''and for one moment I thought — I could have sworn it was — it was — '' ''Well, whom ?'' ''One dead and buried for six long years.'' He turned his back upon her abruptly, and with that ghastly answer walked into the house. My lady turned angrily upon her new governess. "Really, Miss Herncastle," she began haughtily, ''this is very extraordinary, I must say. The Earl of Ruysland sees you last night in the moonlight and takes you for a ghost ; Sir Peter Dangerfield sees you today in the sunlight, and takes you for another. Who are you, pray ?'' The faintest symptom of au amused smile dawned on the tranquil face of the tall nursery governess. ''I am Helen HerncaBtle, my lady, and the ghost of no one that I know of.'' Lady Cecil laughed outright — her sweet, mellow laugh. ''How absurd you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed ! Only evil consciences see ghosts, and Miss Hern- castle is much too substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles some one Sir Peter has once known — dead six years, he said. Was there not a cousin — a young lsdy who died suddenly — an——'' ''Impostor,'' said Lady Dangerfield. ''Yes, there was — I dare say it is she. It's not Miss Herncastle's fault, I suppose that she must resemble dead people, but it's very extraordinary, and very unpleasant. My nerves have received a shock they will not recover from for a week. I hate scenes !'' And then, with a last backward, distrustful glance at the governess, my lady swept away up stairs in very bad temper indeed. But bad temper had years ago become a chronic complaint of Lady Dangerfield's. The world had gone wrong with her in the days of her love's young dream, and soured the milk of human kindness within her for all time. It was not Miss Herncastle's fault, perhaps, that people should mistake her at first sight for a ghost, still it was vexatious and exasperating ; and if her nerves were to be unstrung in this manner, it would perhaps have been better to have paid a higher price for a commonplace person, who would not startle earls and baronets into mistaking her for the spirit of their loved one's gone. Lady Cecil lingered for a moment behind. She laid her slender gloved hand on the arm of the governess, and looked into her face with that rarely sweet smile that had driven so many men fathoms deep in love. ''You will not mind Lady Dangerfield, Miss Herncastle? She is nervous and easily irritated ; she has had a great deal of trouble in her life-time, and little things annoy her. These momentary irritations pass with her as quickly as they come. Do not let them annoy you.'' Sweet and gracious words, spoken with sweet and gracious meaning. Miss Herncastle, still standing with Bijou humbly in her arms, looked up, and their eyes met, the eyes of the working- woman, and the delicate, high-bred patrician. What was in the gaze of these steady gray eyes that made Lady Cecil recoil a step ? What in the expression of the quiet face that made her remove her hand hastily and shrink away ? She could never have told ; the eyes were calm, the face motionless, and yet ? ''You are very kind, my lady. I am not annoyed —I have no right to be. People in my position are not apt to be too sensitive ; still I thank you very much.'' Lady Cecil bent her head, caught up her gray silk skirts, and swept away. ''Whoever Miss Herncastle is, I think she must have seen what they call better days. She is a lady evidently in spite of her position. She attracts me and repels me at once. They are handsome eyes, but how coldly, how hardly they look at you. A striking face, the face of a clever woman, and yet I can't like it. Something in the look she gave me just now made my flesh creep, and she doesn't resemble any dead person ever I knew. Papa took her for a ghost, and Sir Peter, too. How very odd.'' Perhaps she would have thought it yet more odd could she have seen Sir Peter still lingering farther down the entrance hall, screened by a porphyry case taller than himself, and watching the govern- ess, as one of the servants conducted her to her chamber. Still more odd, could she have seen him follow, as though drawn by some irrresistible fasci- nation, up along corridors and galleries, until he stood in the passage leading to the nursery, and the rooms of the governess and children. While he stood irresolute, hardly knowing what he wanted or why he had come, the nursery door opened, one of the twins came bouncing out, and ran headlong against him in the evening twilight of the hall. ''Don't scream, Pansy — it's I.'' Sir Peter clapped his hand over her mouth. ''I only came up here to — to ? Pansy, where's the governess ?'' Pansy pointed to the nursery door, with wide eyes of wonder. ''What is she doing ?'' ''Looking out of the window, and looking grumpy. I hate grumpy governesses. I hate Miss Hern- castle. Why didn't mamma fetch us a governess like Aunt Cecil. She's nice. She plays blind man's buff with us, and battledore. I hate pokey people. So does Pearl. Miss Herncastle's pokey, and solemn and stiff. Papa Peter, do you want her ? I'll tell her.'' ''Oh, no, I don't want her — you musn't tell her. I — I'm going down again. Don't say anthing about my being here, Pansy, there's a good girl.'' He turned, in a nervous, irresolute manner — a manner that had become habitual to him of late years, and groped his way down stairs. (To be continued.) 