GLAUDEA'S ISLAND. A NOVEL By Esme Stuart,.. : Author of " Joan Vollaoot," "In His Grasp," "A Woman of Forty," ito. . i Oiiaeteb XVII. — An Old Friend. isut love can every fault forgive, Or with a tender look reprove ; And now let naught in memory live But that wo meet, and that we lore. "I have never felt happier in my life, dear Claudes. Something very nice must bo going to happen, "said tho Honorable Alias Aehton, sinking back intoher cushions and lookinglikesomeswcet mermaid who had taken a fanoy to step into the boat owned by a human being, " but I needn't say that either. I am quito satisfied, oh yes, quite. I liko to watoh your movements, and this nioe dumb boy is ao like some mysterious attendant belonging to an anoient prinoess. It . seems almost npi ty, that we shouldeverreaoh land, doesn't it ? I am glad we are going to those more distant islands instead of to your island to day. Never mind, jnst for onoo I want to sea something now ; I want to sail to eternity, if that , wore possible." "AVo aro sailing there," said Olaudoa gazing eastward where the rosy clouds melted into soft purple, " bat there is so much beauty here, oh so much I if one oonld get rid of the pain and sorrow felt by others. " " I am always wanting something I have not got ; whilst you, Claudes, are so happy in tho - present." "Iam very, vory happy. TYiiy not, where ' one has so muoh, oh so muoh given to one ? nnd . than 1 the poetry of earth is never dead,' KeatB says." . "I boliove you remember boautiful words i quite naturally, booatise— Oh, look at those j birds how, quiokly they flew by, I wonder if they : are the souls of wandering sinners Beekiug for. > the unfindnble ?" , . , " God takes oare of all souls, those who have , sinned and those who are striving up to Him, I i think— I liavo often thought of that subject! I . think Wordsworth' understood bettor than any ' poet. Now everything is from God nnd returns- . to Him.' Sometimes through pain and suffering, . somotimes-throngh soft lappy waves of joy that ' carry thbm straight to God's bosom." There was a siienoe, and -the Seagull, after , avoiding tho wholps, mado for the eastern ebannel so as to round Clnudea's Island instead of landing there. - As the boat lightly 'skimmed thn waves and skirted tho shore, Olaiidca gazod nt hor home with oyes full of lovo and longing. . She soomod to forgot tho presence of Gina, who , also sank into a day dream where rogiet mingled with a oortain reitlods longing for something eho had not got. . It was a very liappy'day thoy spent- landing , oil tlio biggest of the smaller islands, and lying ' there on the yellow sand looking for milk white , shells, whilst Dumb Davy boiled n kettle and!, made t'oa. Gradually the sweet September air f Boomed to lull both girls into that almost- silent " happinoss wliioh noeds nothing more, and when the purpling afternoon began a struggle with ( the oritnson of evening thoy re-embarked and ; suited townrds borne, but this time steering . westward, nnd passing close under tho great i frowning cliff homo of the seagulls, and the hill i ovor which Thordis presided. As thoy neared the farm, Claudoa gazing at it ; saw . somo one 1 sitting on a rock oloso to it. and iter face oiouded '. over. She knew it was Teilo ; she could over diaoorn his outline, anil sho knew that lie could ; soe hor as sho rowed brnvoly westward. " Poor Teilo," sho said aloud ; " ho will never j be ablo to take ilia long walks cgnin to sec the poor fishor folk; Thoy will mfas liirn sorely I am sure. Gml must prepare much after joy for . souls who cannot find their joy on this benuti- fill earth. Eye hath not seen nor ear heard. ( . . .1 think some eyes do seo much further I than others." . . , ' " I'm gind my aunt did not oomo," said Ginn, ,, " she would have been afraid of all these rocks, wouldn't slio? How oruel tlicy look, but how !, beautiful it nil fa;' Yes, I shall stay hero ; always, always, snil you will be very kind I1 always, won't you, Claiulca?" ' ' Claudoa looked at the prettily dressed mar- , maid with her sky blno dress and her sky bluo oyes, anil thought sho must be a truo poet's t dream. Then sho smiled one of her own beau- tiful smiles. ' "I shall always bo your friend, of course, if. yon will let' me call myself so. That, seems suoh a wondorfnl uamc. Ono must do tnuoh , for friends. " "It scorns to me," said Gina, shading her oyos, " that tliere is somebody in tho bay sitting " uoar tlio boat house. Oan it be your brother ?" Claudoa turned round, and sho, too, shaded her eyes. Her heart boat faster as sho said— "I don't think it is my brother, but wo shall ' sbo when wo laiid,"hnii to herself' she added, ; " I shall not'look again for. foar Iam wrong. 'If ; - it'were and if stie oonld seo that' I Jovo someone ; who , will help ine. with, henutifnl thoughts, and ' !who--" Gina : still' gazod, liowever, for she had hei! '. faoo fo'thn'-'shoro. ; . ' " It Is very strange I should say it ia someone ' I know, , nnd yet lie oan't bo lioro. ' Dear ; Claudcn, sing tfiat boat song yon sang ' somo ' timcago.-' It will be so pretty to hear'it flonting over, the water as wo oomo nearer tho shore-' ' Oh, so-protty, and yoii look so poetical." ' ; Clnuijea .laughed, Biit she at onoo bogan her song;'. Itwas a' r.ong Herbert RaVonsoroft had sung, and sbo picked it up. 1 Ovor the vavcle't; . - Loose be the sail sot. . ; ' v.. , - - , Far from- the yellow wmil, Fnr from tlio mainland ; . Over the rocky bar, . Still gleams tlio mornlngstar,' ' Stoor for tlio open sea, Follow the seagull freo ! Winds whistle .clioerily, . Answer tlioui inurrlly, _ Far from the yellow nana, Far from the mainland. The song floated low over the water in the afternoon stillnofs, and the words came olearly and distinctly to the nhore. Sitting near tho boat house, Herbert could hear them as he watched the Seagull dipping and bounding homoward. Ho too, shaded his eyes in order to eo Claudoa tho better, but who was with her in tho boat? Only now and then oould lie see thatitwnssomoonenrrayed in blue, for Clandea's figure intervened. A visitor, doubtless, perhaps one of Sezcrina's visitors, and Olaudea bad made her an excuse to go over to her beloved island. Nearer and nearer came tho boat. Dumb Davy standing up furling tho sail, soon entirely hid the patch of blue, but CInndea was distinctly visible. He could traco tlio beautiful outline of her perfect figure, and ho mentally thought of her nnd himself hs sitting by Thordis, and . . The boat turned nnd shot with various little splashes into the landing place. Dumb Davy jumped out and grappled tlio Seagull to land with tho boat hook. Her bert had started forward, - when suddenly the blue figuro stood up and the two were face to face. ' If he had been confronted with his own ghost Herbert could not have folt more surprised nnd discomfited than ho did at this moment, nor more utterly speechless than when with a little cry of surprise and pleasure, Giria seized bis band. "I could not believe my byes. Is it yon, really, Mr. Ravensoroft. You-liero ! Claudoa, let mo introduco you. . Here, is Mr. Heibert Ravensoroft, . I knew something pleasant was going to happen to-day. Oh ! I must say it at once. Claudoa said- that I had behaved very badly to you. I didri'ttellkoryournamo, huthow could I ? Howcould I guess you would come bore? CInndea, I did say, didn't I, that I would tell liirn. I know you must hate me, but oil ! I was so foolish and so easily led away. Since I liavo been here Iiiavo seou how wrong I. was— Claudoa hero— alio is a dear friend of mine — will toll you this is true." During all this speech, which Gina poured out It) the fervenoy of tier repentance, Claudoa and Horbert had etood by Bilent.' If ono or tho otbor had Btoppod her at onco by a confession of tho truth, the next step would, have keen easier, but the whole scene liad passed too quickly for thought or speech, and Gina's up turned face seemed full of now beauty as she looked up into tho faco ofi'lier wronged lover, that is, tho lover that hnd'l&cn; hers. CInndea, looking at him closely, saw more.' She saw tho shadow of pain pass over his fontur'09, and. the saw his quiok glance at tier- -begging for 'her silence. She saw . it, and .her. woman's miud understood oven that first moment that .when. a roan lind loved once nnd loved truly the dead voice lias power to make itself hoard agiitn oven from tho grave. There, was no melodrama pos sible in Clnudea's nature, there was only one groat overwhelming thought and pity for him, and love alone taught her what to do. Shu stoppod tnto tho boat and motioned Dumb Davy to como with her. "Mr. Ravensoroft is a visitor at tho Mormnid, Miss Ashton. Ho has been with ns before, that is why he is hero now. . Perhaps ho will see you home, I have forgotten to look at tho nots but yonder." Sho lookod at Herbert and smiled, then with a few strokes of tho oars sho shot out to soa nnd itpnAfl lialitn/1 flin nna vaalm mil- ' sight, . . Herbert gathered np Gina's shawl and sketch ing blook and walked towards the steep path up tbe.oliff. . Ho was wondering .what to say and what not to say,. In any case ho was bound to Claudoa, . truo, beautiful Claudoa, At this moment lip'did not even wish it otherwise. "I did not know you wero hero,1 Miss Ashton, tlioiigh I heard iu' London you' were not' in town." ' " You didn't hoar I was' hero ! You must hate my name, hut I wanted to see you and confess. Olaudea,' I see you know lior, isn't site delightful? Woll, sho told me I had wronged you, and , . I. think when lie suddenly married someone else, I saw that I had run after a shadow. I thought he oared for me, but I have given up tho world, and I mean to bury myself here in Clnudea's Island." "Yon ! indeed that would ho impossible." " I shall find peaoc, and in time you will lot mo have your forgiveness. I shall be happy then." "You have it now," said Horbort, quickly, and then silonoo fell on them, as they walked \- past the widow's cottage and on towards tho distant St. Castell's. Gina had never felt her inferiority so much as sho ' did now, walking by this man sho had wronged and seeing him look absent nnd pro- occupied. She fanoicd ho lind forgiven her too oasily. He oould not have felt iter treachery very deeply, otherwise lie would not bo so ready to forgive. Ho must first have forgotten to bo able to forgive. As it happened sho did not guess what was in his mind. She did not know that tho mere sight of her had thrown him into a new troublo, and that ho felt his late victory might soon turn intoadafaat, not onoontwardly, that did not appear possible, but a defeat which ho alone should know of. . The blue eyes had a magnetio power of their own, they had mora of tho weakness of the sex in their appealing look than Clnudea's dark pootioal oyes, and nbovo oil she was of his own standing, and of his own education, even if sho did not possess half Clandea's montal capaoity. After a long silenco Herbert spoko very quietly and very gently. " I have forgiven you because time comes to our help, hut the cut in tho tendor hark is never completely healed. You do not uaro to look at the past porbnps, noither do I, If I did I should sop a man who bitterly roproaohed you nnd re- pr'oaohcd fate who had made him oross your path. A man who had loved you simply becauso ho loved you ; he had no other reason ami no otbor motive. Love had been a sudden illumination to him a knowlodgo of something above himself, and then it was followed by a darkness, a darkness that could bo felt and out of whioh ho came with pain and ditfioulty. He oame out of it at last, but he was not the iamo man. He was another Herbert Ravensoroft with onothor ideal. Ho found another woman who couid give him sweet sympathy and who knew all, and to bor ho oiferod what remained of his life and of bis heart. Ho' is pledged to her now, and very soon whon he leaves this quiet spot for tho last time, ho will for ever blot out all the past and ask the future to givo him what it can." Giria'still walked on by his side silently. Sho too, felt that nil the beauty of lifo was now gone. 'Sho had believed in Herbert's return to hor. . Sho had fancied tlioy should moot , again and that hor confession would at onoe recall hor lovor. Horbort, tho'devoted slave of old days, was engaged to another woman 1 Ho had not then waited'1 for ..years for her; his oonstanoy bad bean - of no ' groat standing, and in tho bitterness of her heart sho said so. " If I was inconstant and fioklo, at least you soon followed my example 1" "No evil comes singly. That la tho saddest pert of it." "Then friendship alone remains," sho said, holding Out her hand to him. Ho tonk'it, and for a little time they walked on together." "Yes," friendship, that- is all,'' aud even sb he. said it sternly and decidedly, 'the old passion for this pretty, frail, orriiiggirl returned in a strong flow, and surged up all tho moro beoauso she was weak as ho had been, nnd because ho lind loved lior so truly during that happy time when site had loved him with hor girlish enthusiasm. Somo sitont tonrs foil Blowly down her cheeks and lost themselves in tho folds of her- bine dress. Without looking towards her ho saw them, and had ho not been pledged or had he beou less high minded than ho was ho would then have stopped and kissed her tonrs away. As it was ha only walked on by hor aido silently nnd without a word. - At' Inst they oame to tho road leading to tlio mill and both wore glad to pause nnd say good-by. All tho way homo Gina's tonrs enme down softly, and every now and thonsho brushed them away. " I thought this wns going to be such a joyous day. I thought I wns so very happy and it has ended like tills. Oh, Herbert, I deserve" it nil, I suppose, hut how could I know the other thiiig wasn't real too?- IIow could I? It is hard that when I do find it out it must ond like this." Her pride was, however, able to assert itself befOrc sho reached the mill. Sho determined to any nothing about Horbert to her aunt, only to suggest leaving St. Castell's as -soon kb pos sible. When Heibert left Gina instead of going on into the village ho took tho rond hnck again to the l'orth. Claudoa must como that way, and ho must moot lior. Visiting tho nets was not a long affair. Ho walked vory quickly, hoping by this quiok motion'to conquer thought." He lind seen Gina.cry, and he bad. said nothing. Ati tho tost wnsoasy, for a first obstnolo overcome mnknntlin nhnnnd flftnnAr' An.«ier. ! He li Ail unnfhfc' Out Claudoa, and he had taught hor to love' him ; on him rested all the responsibility, and he 'did not for a moment shrink from it or seek to excuse himself. As ho neared the high ground hn saw her litbo form drawn ont.ogainst an npricot back ground. Sho was walking slower than usual," but still her tread was firm, her head erect. Evory Hue wns beautiful, but of a beauty which does not as easily appeal to an ordinary man ns it does to tho soul of- ail artist. He hastened towards her, oud the ' two mot for the first minute in silence, but in that silence the first cold shadow was felt by both. "Olaudea, dear," ho said taking hor right hand and placing it gently on his arm, "did you know or guess ?" "No, I never gnossed— it was your story," she answered simply. "Miss Ashton has boon here some time. -IVo havo beoomo great friends.' Sho is very pretty, and sho is 'a very swoet woman."' '.'She waa before— all that liappenod. " ' "Poor Herbert," said Claudoa looking up at her lover.; She called him by his name and all lior great shyness scorned gone, quite gone. He felt the dilTerence, but coiild not explain it, except that b1io looked upon him now as her property, hers, and so ho was. "I havo suffered, you know" I told yon rightly, Claudoa, but now— =no ouo can; bring back the past." - 11 Not the same, hut another lifo comes baok. Ono dreams and then there is a waking." " There is nothing stable, nothing sure— hut come, Claudoa, lot us talk of our future, dear ; thero is innah to say. I meant our meeting to ho ho different. You are a noble woman, Olaudea, far above other women," Olaudea shook her head, but also sho smiled at liis piaine. " Oil.. Herbert. T went, veil In tliinlr «n. .T want you to know .1 love you. You must do' nslwisb. No quo knows about us. , Don't toll any one yet. I would not pain Miss Ashton for tho world, wait a little, she will bo leaving Boon. Let tis "still ha freo till' then, and if— if . Listen, -Herbert, suppose your, old love should oomo hack, suppose you felt it knocking at your heart, tlicii como and toll. me. There is no pledge between us ; I would, not have any yat, not yet, . She must not know." "But, Claudoa, I have' told hor I am not free, that I am " , . . ho paused, the very admission- that lie had thus spoken appoarcd terrible at this moment. To Claudoa, too, it told tlio story plainly, but it also told hor that Herbert was truo and honest. "Yoti told hor you wero hound, and did you say to whom '!" "No, dear Claudoa, I mentioned no name." "I am glad. I am vory glad. Sho must not hnow it, sho must novor know it. It wouldpnin hor bccntiso she oared about mo. Sho has a loving heart for everything. Lot us bo free, quite free."' She released her lmnd and walkod on by his aide, as she had done in the' early times before love had knooked at the door of lier hoai t. '! If you wish her not to know, I must obey you. Olaudea, but bio you' sure it is bettor so?" " Yes, yon, quito'sure. Lot it he so. Yon ore free, qutto free.. There is time for many things ill tlio future." ' " I cannot mention your namo If yon forbid it, Claudoa, but remember I havo'told her. She emnot lmpe or expect' nnything. She was heartless, cruel,' in the past, why should her feelings ho considered i" " She is iiiy friend now ns well as yonrs. Sho is sorry, vorysoiry, for tho past." " What can her sorrow do ? No, it would bo best to he quite honest at once." " Don't plcaso, you camo for your answer you know, if you ask it now it shall be 'no,' rather than to give lior pain." " It must be as you like," ho answered. " Yes. Now loave mo liore, I am going to the Corn cottage this evening. My sick child will want toseo me.',' "Good byo then, and, Olaudea, givo mo ybur hand and lot mo say it uow as I shall always say it, God bloss you dear, you true noblo hcqr.tcd Olaudan." They stood side by aido for a few moments, then Claudes smiled and turned away. At first she walked very quickly towards the deep blue Cam, then, when she wns out of eight. Oh, Herbert, alio stopped short, and sat dowu on a hoatlicr bank. All the heather bells trembled as they bent before her. A lark flew straight up into the evening sky higher and higher, t ill it was- out of sight. So high up, iudood, that it oould not hear tho sob of a human soul upon earth, a noble, true hoarted loving soul. Chapter XVIII.— The Future. Know tbisi Tliou lov'st amiss, And to lovo true Thou must begin again, nnd lovo anew. Every day Toilo, with tho help of his crutches, crnwlod on to the high land behind tho form on the island, and having, found a sheltered spot with a great grey rook behind him, ho sat down with his baok to it,' and sat thero gazing towards the. mainland. Sometimes ho would sit for hours motionless, buried- in his own thoughts, and with. Ills gazo. fixed toward the distant Porto, from whence the St. Castell's people nearly, always started ' for the islands, This quiet retreat was doing him muoh bodily good. His strength seemed to return steadily, and the great stillnoss was balm to his bruised spirit Silvester was busy all day, but ho was a very kind host, leaving the sick man to tho solitude he pre ferred when Mr. Price had gone away. Toilo began to learn something at last from this onforoed stillness, this enforced communing , with. nature. .'His proud spiiit was learning to bow to a mightier will than himself. 'At other times, however, all tho old rebellion swept over him agnin. Wlint hod bo do'no to bo brought thus low ? Why had the hand of God visited him in this fashion, whon ho lind apent his strength in working for tho canse of religion ? God had forsaken him and had gone far from him'. But at such times Toilo hcurd a still, small voioo speaking, ns'that small voice will speak at times to all God's children. Hail ho nlwnyn been truo to tho call? Hnd ho not often wrestled with his Maker' in spirit, and demanded tho praise of men as a roivard for the service of God? Ifail he not protended that tlio oall hnd oomo to him as to aomo prophet of tho Most Highest, and at tho somo time had ho not expected tlio reward of lovo for his services ? no had snid, " Claudoa must be my reward, ami then— — When ho rosohcil this spot in tlio winding road of thought Tcilo bowed his head in- utter dejection. God hnd visited him with tho dcop aiHiotion of shame. He could no longer lift up his head, and ho could no longer ask for nnything as a right. Deep slionio and deop ponitcnoo are not tlio same. There is a sorrow that workolh death, and Teilo was drinking this sorrow and asking God to take lilm out of this groat world, where It seemed to him impossible to walk in tho narrow path. . During these moods tho motionless figuro with bowed head was a sight that made tho farm hands walk away softly. They could not understand such dejection, and they passed by on tho other side. Onoo or twice it happened that it was some bird or soft rabbit that in truded on his ionolinoBS and broko the iron chain of most sorrowful thought. 'At suoh times' Olaudoa's words would'rotitrn, ond her deop lovo for God's world arid God's dumb annuals made Itfm Innk'tm nn<1 irv fnr liimsftlf whether from such creatures ho. oonld draw liny' consolation. Now'and then tho ohirp of n yollow hammer -or tlio clear note of a robin mndo him smile for a moment, and a smile has far more power than a' frown. Orio day, too, as ho sat thero ho saw Claudca's boat gliding pant, and he watched it n long time going eastward. He oould seo the bluo figuro with Claudea in the bunt, and hn wns with tho two in mind nil that day tilt the afternoon camo and ho oould fullow their course on their going home. It was not altogether n sight'to add to his happiness, and yet ho could riot liavomissod it, so ho began to repent of his harsh words to tho woman ho had loved so muoli and wliom'ko loved still. He began to sec some thing of his past selfishness, but this thought wris very faint and not often entertained, for as yet the pain was too great. After this several days weut by in utter loneli ness. Silvester weut over to tho mainland to help his hither, and the silent figuro leaning rigainst tho rock bad stilt more unbroken lime for medita tion and dejeotion. ' The splendid autumn weather too began to break up. It turned stormy boforo its rightful time, and Tcilo found bo oould not stay oat so long. Theu the hours iudoofs were indeed dreary, for ho could not keep his mind on printed words. The Bible Wuttlil lie opou before kiln for a long time, hut he found-no comfort in any of its words, and lost himself in a wordless dream of despair. Ono afternoon tho sun burst out agnin from a stormy uky, and ho orawlcd out to his accustomed seat. Over there on the mainland Claudoa was living her daily life. Ho had released her and she was free. What was sho doing with her' freedom? Would she. . . .He cast tho thought awuy angrily and tried to find' something less sad for' his broodings, when his quiok cars caught tlio sound of footsteps. In another moment Sezerinn stood by him carrying when tho boat had rounded the Whelps, and had not soon it arriving. Sezerhm stood a moment by her brother without 'saying a word." She was shooked to 'see his gaunt appearance, and the' liiics of brooding caro on his polo face. Ho too was silent, and lie oven looked away from lior as if the very sight of her was painful to hirin. " " Silvester , brought me over, Toilo," alio said at last, Bitting down' oil a rook near at hand. "Mother waa so anxious I should' come and bring you these things, whioh you'll bo wanting, nud tliorc's a nioo okicken' for you. Aro you hotter?" , "Why didu't you sond thorn by Silvester without coming yourself?" muttcied Teilo, " What do you want to do here ?" "I wanted to see you, Toilo." " I told you boforo I didn't want to seo you. I don't want ever to set oyes on you again." Sozoriua's onoe rosy face was pale.' It was vory evident she wns much changed. She began crying softly, and tho sound of tears only seeined still more to iiritnte lior brother.' "What's" tlio use of crying over spilt milk? You've got to bear your punishment, ond yon richly deserve it. Look at mo! Why am I maimed and crippled? Don't yoii rcmomher what I was, and do you see what I am now ? Whose fault is it?" Sezciina did not answer. "There's only silence, the grave, if you liko, that will make up to mo— and to you, too, Sezorina. Do you seo hew tho folly of ono weak girl like you oau bring ruin on all around hor. You wero warned, too. Didn't Olaudea speak to you ?' "Claudea would never he cruel as you are, not even if alio know, never. Silo's the host friend I over bad, if I had listoncd to her." "If, if, if. That's a woman's excuse. Thero should bo no 'if ' in your life. Claudea never had an 1 if' in her' life." " How do you know. I'm not so sure. Of oo'urso, Claudea would novor do wrong, but if she'd married you right away last year, all this wouldn't havo liappeued. Sho was oaught by a gentleman's manners, that mean nothing." "You speak about things yon don't under- stand. Claudea said no and no again before sho was inclined to think about Mr. Ravens oroft," " He's como back to tho mermaid/' Sezorina said this quite shortly, but watolicd out of tlio oorner of her eyoa what' tlio effect would bo on 'i'eilo. Sho saw his poor thin face flush deeply but ho said nothing. " Yes, bo's oomo, but there's somothing strange about it olL Do you know, Tcilo, Miss Ashton is a friend of his— I saw his photograph n her room, and tho other morning alio had been orying over it. Ho nnd Claudoa haven't walkod together any how, nud sho's still and quiet. I know lisr well. When Clandea's still and doesn't sing, then there's something very' muoh tho mattor." ' Toilo had not lost a word of Sezcrina's speech, although he did not look at his sister, and pre- tended nliriost not to bo listening. Strange to say, however, he found no pleasure in her words only a great rising nrigor against the man who might he playing fast and loose with Claudca's lovo. Siioh' lovo, such truo, pure deep love that lie had -almost sold his soul to poisass and whioh she must havekgiven frcoly to' this stranger, ' . \ "You shouldn't go pryfiig into Olaudea'o affairs. You havo enough tu think of yourself You will have tlio hurdon of this, secret to carry all your lifo Sezorina, If— and you' havo given it to me. How liavo you the koart to think of anything olse." \ "I havo cried tlllT'm afraid of mother asking too much," said Sezorina, crossing her. urine and pouting a little. "Youhaven bard heart Teilo, I don't know how yon think you can go and preach a message of forgiveness to ihe fisher folk whon .'you have.ouch black thoughts about 'me.' "He's gone now, , cau't.you forgive him as — ns.I try to do?"" . "Yon!" answered Teilo scornfully. "Tho lcnst you ean do is not to mention /yourself at all. Toll mother I'nhall como home soon, inn week perhaps. I'm hotter in health, and loan walk hotter, but there's so littlo flat land hero. I shall got on hotter at homo now tho sea air has dona what it can for mo — tho sea air .and tho quiet." ' "Yoii oan't hoar tho sight of ii», poor Sezo rina continued ; "you dont try to comfort me, it's only yourself you think Of. I wish I might, tell Claudea. I want to feet lior arm round mo and to hear hor kind words." " Wo'vo talked it ovor before, and I told you, tho first time you inentiou it, Sezorina, that day I shall leave St. Castell's. Now go—but stop. ' If you seo Claudea', tell lier I'rii bettor, Slio'U he glad to hoar it I know." ' _ : " Tho girl loan obediently. Sho. appeared liko a alavo orushed by her inaalbr's will, too muoh crushed to rebel.. ; "There's a storm coming," sho said after alio hnd stood a few minutes. Claudoa always said ifThordes had red olotuls on a line with hor head the storm would coino In 24 hours." ' " I'ddii't-thlnk'so. It's olosring up for good. Anyhow, you had bettor got homo early. Toll mother I don't want to son anyone, ns I shall bo ooming book so soon. Silvester will bring mo baok. Hois vory good to me." Sezciina said " very well," hut still stood a little longer, hoping for somo kind word for herself. In this, however, alio was disappointed, anil, turning away, alio walked down to the. shore and was soon lost to sight, leaving Teilo sitting where sho had found him, plunged more deeply than ovor into a moody tranoe. ' (to 1)k; continued.) 