I'PORtTFOLIO. At the moment when Christ died, so abjectly weak seemed his cause, so pitifully hopeless and doomed to scorn avd extinetion were His follo vers, that we may well take it as a type of our own death and separation from the flesh. The Resurrection and the Ascension thrust open and away the gates of death, and flung wide apart tile portals of the sky. They were a Creation for Him and for us of perfect strength out of albject weakness, "le made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in His death," to take away wickedness and enrich death with life-life eternal. Between us and HIis visible Presence, between us and Him, as the glorified Redeenmer at the right hand of God, the clouds roll ; but the eye of faith pierces them, true prayer rises above them, and by the Holy Spirit we ,mre enfolded within the arms of His love. Not only in the Church, but whensoever we collect our thoughts and offer prayer in our own heart we are near to Him, so that Paradise is in part already regained. Thie Lord, the lloly Ghost, is with us ; alnd he is able to tmake our whole life as a Garden of Eden in which God walks with mtan. By that samte Spirit, Jesus, oulr dear Redeemer, is near to et cryone who loves and obeys himi. As the word of God, lie is very nigh even in our mouth andl in our heart. As the Son of man lhe laid his head on the bosomn of Jlolhn the beloved; and though that visible anti felt Iaesence is no longer. ours, again atd agai'nwe hear, and all our life through we obey, His gentle words-" Pollow Me." . . . The secret of the Lord is with Is, and lie shows is His everlasting covenant of love in that blessed name. Enmmanuel, Cod wit ih us; and we find forgivere;s andti peace and hope for ever. The Gospel of the Kingl'doim faileth not ; and when time is no imoe, when the earth itself antd the heavens that are now haIve passed away, the Paradise llegaineil will ttself have become gloitfied; so that Heaven shines with its brightness, infini tude alone cats contain it, and the dura tion of it is mneasured Iy eternity.- Ree. J. II'. ReIIelda, MlA. 