HIS SECOND WIFE. CHAPTER IX. “ He bade me tell you ” said Mr. Carne turning to Beatrice, “ that he thought you had better remain here for the present. The time may not be long before he can explain all to you—at pre sent he is in too much trouble and anxiety to think ofany one but-” He checked himself abruptly. . “ And is that all he said 2” Beatrice asked the question earnestly, sadly. She knew not exactly what she wished him to hare added, but the cold wording of the message smote her. What if it should not be true, as her father said, how bitterly she would reproach herself for her hasty words, her unkind thoughts of him! She longed to rush off at once to Fernleigh Dene and beg her husband’s forgiveness. But then came pride and injured feelings. She hadevery right to suspect him—what wife would have borne with such treachery and ibsults ? and cheeks, the red circles round the un naturally large blue eye3. Beatrice Fernleigh looked but the ghost of her former self, aud her father saw the change in her with secret alarm. Every day (Beatrice knew) lie rode over to the Dene, but he vouchsafed no explanations of his visits there, neither would her pride allow her to make any inquiries. No word came from Cecil. Sick at heart, weary in mind and body, Beatrice almost felt sometimes as if, in spite of all, she must go back to her husband. To feel his arms arouud her (those tender, loving arms !), to lay her aching head upon his breast, there to tell him how she loved him—that she would give up all for his sake—oh ! what happiness ! Yet, per haps he would not forgive ner, would send her from him ! She had suspected him of doing her the deepest injury a man could do the woman he had rowed at God’s altar to honor, and what repara tion could she make if he were guiltless ? In her heart of hearts, Beatrice knew that he was 1 She stood at the library window one morning, listlessly watching tho attempt of her son to toddle along the terrace by himself, an achievement evidently very captivating to bis infant mind, for any attempt on the part of his nurse to touch him called forth a vigorous scream. A smile played now and again on his 'mother’s pale lips as rshe watched him. In her hand she held a letter, posted at Southampton by Nell just before she and her husband sailed j but it was not the thought of that parting with her sister which now and then filled the blue eyes with tears, and made her pale cheeks' still paler. Mr. Came had gone earlier than usual to the Dene, Beatrice wondered why, wondered if he could tell her all she asked him. Her pride seemed melting away by degrees ; perhaps it was (Bea trice thought) because she felt so tired and weary, so very, very tired. What if she should be taken at her word and die —die without seeing Cecil—without asking his forgiveness-! “ A note, ma’am, from the Dene.” In wondering amazement Beatrice took it, recognising, as she did so. her husband’s handwriting. Her lingers trembled so that she could scarcely break the seal. “ Is there any answer ?” she said, by way of gaining time to com pose herself. “ 1 believe so, ma’am. Morton is here with one of the carriages, and he gave it me, and said lie was to wait for yon to go To go back I Beatrice tore open me note. “ If my wife still loves me let her come back—all will be explained. Como at once.—C. F.” No pride came in the way now. Hastily the nurse was summoned, and told that they were going back to the Dene, and hasty preparations for their departure were made—and almost before Beatrice Fernleigh had made up her mind whether she was doing right or wrong sho and-her child were on their home. “ The house is all shut up Benson— how strange !” Beatrice exclaimed as they wound round the approach. "Perhaps it has kept so since you have been away, ma’am,” replied the nurse, and then to the child : “We must draw all the nasty blinds up when we get in, mu3u’t we ? else my lamb won’t see the lovely sun, he won’t •” To which baby replied with a prolonged grunt of decided assent. “ Where is your master, Rogers ?” Rogers’s face wore an expression of more than usual solemnity, and Beatrice felt a cold, indescribable chill crept over her ns she entered the wide hall of Fern leigh Dene. “ He is upstairs, ma’am, but I was to tell him when you come, and ask you to go into your own room,” leading the way as he spoke to the prettily furnished boudoir belonging exclusively to the mis tress of the house. Beatrice fol lowed, wondering. In any other case she would have gone to seek her husband herself, but she did not dare to do so “ Tell Benson to take baby to the nursery,” was all she said, and then she was left alone in the bright cheerful room to the solitude of her own thoughts. They were not pleasant ones. To begin with, now that she was on the verge of meeting Cecil face to face, all the old feelings of wounded pride seemed to come back again. Then she had been admitted rather as a visitor than the mistress of the house. Her husband should have been at the door to receive her ; she did not like being treated as a naughty child, who, having been con sidered as sufficiently punished, is about to be received iuto favor. No, when she did see Cecil she should But what sho would have done remains a mystery, for at this moment a footfall sounded near her, and with a glad cry of “ Cecil!” she flung herself upon her hus band’s breast, and burst into a fbod of tears. “ Hush, my darling, my sweet wife, hush ! I cannot bear it!” “ Oh ! Cecil, can you forgive me ?” “ Nay, it is I who should ask forgive ness, darling, but I feel sure you will grant it when you know all. I am going to put your courage to a severe test, Beatrice, but without doing so I cannot explain everything which has seemed to you so culpable, so mysterious. Come with me. Nay do not fear, nothing shall hurt you ” (seeing her hesitate and draw back(; “you need not be afraid with me!” reproachfully. “ I am not afraid, Cecil; it is not that." “ What, then ?” Bui; Beatrice did not answer him. Her mind was full of a strange dread as she followed him up the stairs, into a part of the house she had not yet inspected. In fact, Cecil had forbidden her to do so, saying she must wait till the rooms were done up, it was no use wandering about in empty, dissused apartments, which always made him melancholy ! At one of the doors in a long corridor Cecil stopped, and turned to his wife. His face, which she had noticed before as being unusually pale and sorrowful, looked still paler and more sad now, and his voice was low and trembling. “ My wife, can you bear to look upon death ?” She startled. This was not what she expected, and her faco became pale as his own. But there was no drawing back for her now. She felt that at last the secret was to be told. Whatever it was she would not shrink; anything was preferable to the torments she had en dured for the last fortnight. “ No, I am not afraid,’' she answered, and then he opened the door, and they passed in together. A large, comfortable-looking room. The furniture good and strong, but plain. A thick, soft carpet covered the floor ; the windows were heavily curtained, as was the bed, towards which Beatrice glanced in secret awe, remembering what her husband bad said. Cecil Telt the start she gave, and the half-withdrawal of her hand from his arm. He took no notice, only led her towards the bed, and as he drew back the covering from the face of the dead, said in a low sad tone— “ Beatrice, I have brought you hero that, you .may look your first and last on tfee face (of my son !” Your-” The word died away on her lips as she gazed in awe-struck wonder upon the white, calm face; so still and placid in its last sleep, at the mass of golden hair like a halo of glory around it. “ Yes. my son !—my poor, ill-fated boy 1—Myra’s child ! This is my secret. She made me promise on her deathbed that I would never send him to any asylum—never, in fact, away from the Dene ? (she feared his coming to harm,I suppose) and I felt obliged to promise, though, God forgive me 1 the very sight of him was such torture to me that I never could bear to be where he was. At times he was quiet enough, but the least thing would send him into proxysms of frenzy, when he would break from all restraint and wander none knew whither. Then he would shriek and laugh in fiend ish glee, especially if he happened to come across any one. Discovery at times seemed inevitable, but luckily the story of the ghost and your idea of peacocks sufficed to account for the startling ap parition. Poor Gelda saw him ; that was why she left. The night of the ball you saw him on the terrace ; the music had awakened him. and he left the house in one of his frenzied outbursts. It was , his death, for he fell, in the darkness, down the embankment, and lived only till yesterday. If I could only have told l you, my darling, we might have braved the world, and you would, at least, have tolerated him, but I promised Myra that not a living soul should know it but those r who were round her deathbead.” He r stooped and pressed his lips on the calm, r pale brow of his son, then replaced tlier" covering, and taking the arm of his now . weeping wife, led her gently away. Little by little the story oozed out. i People spoke of the splendid funeral, ■ quite absurd they thought, considering > that, had the boy lived, he would in all ’ i probability never have been > heard of. i But none spoke of his dead son to Cecil i Fernleigb tor to hi3 > beautiful wife, whose [ affection for her noble-minded husband was almost idolatry. Little Arthur (Beatrice knows now why he was not : called by his father’s name) has another . little brother and sister, whose baby • laughter makes Fernlcigh Dene merry . at last. Yet Beatrice sighs as she reads the marble tablet above their seat in the i old church :— i To the memory of Cecil A lax Fernleigh, Son of Cecil Fernleigh, of Fern leigh Dene, Syme,-shire. Who departed this life, October 27th, 18—, i Aged 16 years.—B.LP. . [The End.] 