THAT ENGLISH JOHNNIE. . . Competition Tale. v "Wo always called him "The Tenth," but it was my cousin who' gave him the -name. I must confess that when I first heard her say Murray Broughton looked a regular " tenth transmitter or a toonsh lace Jl stared arid asked her what she was giving us! Doris laughed and explained : "I was only-quoting, "you silly boy." , I don't know why she couldn't have said so' before introducing mo to that alliterative sentence, I might havo guessed as. much, however, for when ever women become at alk Vague in their remarks you may at 'once con clude they are quoting. For myself I never could stand any poetry except Gordon's- But Dome's description hit oft' Broughton to a T, and the soubriquet stuck to him. ; He was a- tall, not badly built fel low, handsome in a stupid way," with an extremely vacuous expression and a, big aristocrntio , nose. . Tom Morley j-had vun aoross him in Sydney,- where they had chummed up with each other, and my cousin had invited him home to the station to; spend an Australian Christmas. . There was - a good many . of us .already at Woolingra, for we -Motleys possessed numerous relations, and my uncle and aunt, being very hospitable, did in reality " gather the family round " thorn at Christmas time. We were all jiglit-hearted and merry, , as befitting the occasion, and inclined to make fun of everything; therefore, when plump into the middle of our . jolly crowd descended the English Johnnie, it seemed only natural- that' he should become the butt of our , jokes and the victim of most of our tricks. ; To give him his due he . took our chaff very well, and never got huffy. He boon won over the girls by his unfailing good temper, and, on discovering lie was musical, they pronounced him- a de cided acquisition to the family circle. He played the violin very well indeed, and possessed a fair tenor voice, He made himself useful, too, in helping with the youngsters, 'with whom he became an immense favorite, especially with the boys, for he proved him self a good hand at chemical ex periments, and was there ever - a boy yet viho could resist the temptation of dabbling with things which might possibly explode, it ' would have been a great improvement, in my opinion, if there hud been no ohiidren at Woolingra; but there .were, crowds. And Doris as usual made herself a regular martyr to them, arranging their expeditions and so forth. " They must have a good time, Aleck,"she pleaded when I asked her to go for a ride with me, instead of to one of their picnics, "it's their holiday time, you know, and I want them to enjoy their Christmas.'' Just as if, after working hard; all the long weary months, I were not entitled to enjoy my one little breathing space ns much as a parcel of school-children with holi- days four times in the year. The Tenth generally helped hor ; hanging after the gir s was quite in his line, in faot he was much more at home with them than with us -rough bush fel lows. He was nothing of a shot, and openly declared our kangarooing and rough country gallops too much for him, as ho liked, " a little more space be tween tbo -trees when going at full speed." Therefore, when we wont off on a frolic Broughton went riding or driving with the girls. I was not sorry to find it so, for Noel Smith had lately taken to hanging about Doris, and following her like a shadow wherever she wont. ' Now as Doris was a very pretty girl, and I meant to marry her myself some day, it was just as well to bo careful about other fellows. I had riot .actually proposed . to my cousin, because I did not want tobe tied down for a while. Besides, there is always the danger of a fellow chang ing his mind ; so I intended to have my fling'- for another year or -two before I married. Still T was rather lad that Murray should ffie on the spot -while" I' was away' shooting, to spoil sport for Noe). The Tenth, him self, was. safe enough, I; at' once decided/' or'vDorrie would never have criticised him, so roughly. ' He w/is a queer/ , chap, ,, though, that . English Johnnie; / and; his extensive and, in our eyes/ fantastic wardrobe was ..as- good' as;, a variety entertainment. In. fact, altogether he was an unfailing source of amusement; and exaggerated snake stories and horse yarns were specially concocted for his benefit ; but nothing' seemed too .-big. for him to swallow. He delighted in bush rang- | irig tales, and; one night, when we were all sitting : cooling bursel yes on the verandah", asked if there , were any gangs about at that time. . .-. Burt Howoll winked at me. Nothing pleased him,, better than chaffing The Tenth; .lie was one of those who clearly love a. fool. And straight way ho began a long yarn, of which the main facts, were that he and another man; had run to earth and captured a ,bund of desperadoes some distance up the Ealls. . It was all a romance, as everyone, else knew j but Broughton listened with unconcealed interest, and enthusiastically applauded Burt's bravery. " But," he ' said, " I should have imagined that one bushranger would be a match for at least three . ordinary 'men." - /'.;; , /j//: 'V. " lb all. depends upon, the kind of men of course," Burt acknowledged in a superior tone, " but iny friend and I had vowed to put an end to thnb gang, and we did." . Then sbm8, one ' turned; the conver sation to ghosts. . , " Ah, we can beat you there," said the Tenth. " You Australians havo no ghost stories worth i anything, ex cepting perhaps Eisher's." j, . "Oh, haven't we? ' exclaiined Doris, .Woolingra' is superior to most' stations irithttt respect, fp'r'it'poBsesses a'boria fide ghost or its own." ." You don't/say- so," said the Tenth. " What is the' origin of tho story !'' ' ";You know the details, Tom; tell Mr. Broughton." . ,7 " Oh, it's rubbish, of course,", said her brother, /scornfully. " Perhaps you have noticed that old hat at the bend , of the rivqr,, . It's; not visible from here, but you can spe it from the windows on the north side of the house.,"' ; /, - ' . : ' " Oh, yes, I remember it ; a' di lapidated-looking old place." " That's the shanty, and dilapidated it may well look, for none of the station hands will occupy it"; they'de- olareit to bo -haunted. . Two or, three years ago a stockman and his wife were living there. They had one youngster, a pretty little girl, of whom the parents were naturally very proud. But, unfortunatoly, she was delicate ; always had a cold , or something the matter witli her, and at last succumbed to thai wholesale destroyer of. infant life, croup;' The mother went off her head, and Used to ''"wonder about looking for . her little one. She imagined it was drowned, and would sit for hours on the bank ringing her hands, and wailing for her child. The river is. very deep at that bond, arid dark because of the trees which, bang right'over the water. The blacks won't go near tho place, they say the debbil debbil js there ; and- perhaps that was the i reason the poor demented creature seemed to think the buriyip had got hold of hor child. Her lamentations were terrible.; , She' was always worse at' night, anil we could hear her wailing . quite distinctly from the house. Then the husband; took to drink,- and in a fib of the horrors out his wife's throat arid then shot himself. ; The ghost' of the woman is supposed to haunt the place, where she wanders about wring ing her hands and crying .piteously. Some of the people swear they have heard her. I daresay tho wind moan ing in tho sho:oaks along ; the river bus helped out the ghost story." ''Mr, Broughton looks as if he believes in ghosts," said ,Doris, mis chievously, as Tom finished his tale. Murray was .silent ;/ but Doris wickedly insisted, "Do you,. Mr. Broughton?" " Well," Murray, unwillingly an swered, " I- havo heard such well authenticated ghost stories,- that I think . there would really be some ex cuse for me if I did believe in thein ; as it is, I must, fall back on the fuvo- lito quotation of th6 doubtful : ' There are more things in "heaven arid earth; Horatio, than are. dreamt of in your philosophy.' Tom was amused. "I never saw such superstitious people as you Eng lishes. We Australians are too prac tical for ghosts." "Is not this the time of the year at which tho ghost appears ?" asked Alice Strango, one of ' the numerous cousins. It was tho night before Christmas Eve. " Ah ! so it is," said Tom, smother ing a yawn, , " but I'm tired of -ghosts ' don't you think it's time for beci?" But though, at Tom's suggestion, wi i retired to our respective rooms, I, for one, did not immediately go to bed. t thought I would first write to the inater, for the bi-weekly mail started 1 at some unearthly hour in the morn ing, and I knew I should probably ovorsleep myself if i left my letter until the next day. By the time I had finished writing 1' was very sleopy rind had just decided to turn in, when I hoard a cry which seemed to freeze all the blood in my veins. It was a long drawn out wail like the plaint of a soul in desperate agony ; but surely no human voice could have produced a sound like that. For a moment I thought of the ghost story we had been discussing. But what foolishness 1 that was all non sense, of course. Then I remembered what Tom had said about the wind in the oaks, and felt that peculiar sensa tion of relief which one experiences lifter solving a difficult problem. I went to tho window and looked out. It was a beautiful, clear night. Through the trees at the foot of the gentle slope on which the house was built I could see t'he the river shim mering under the stars and stretching far into the distance until ic was lost in the shadow of Kangaroo Hill. There was' not a breath of wind stir- ring ; yet again through the stillness of the night came that blood- curdling, wail. I shuddered. "What could be the cause of that unearthly sound? Almost involuntarily I looked in the direction of the deserted hut. It I was situated just where the river- I took an inward curve ; and was it only I fancy, or was there really, a light | coining from the haunted spot? Not the flickering light of a fire or lantern,; but a sort of subdued glow. In my fevered imagination it seemed to me that there was a white figure gliding about under the trees, and' once again through the open window floated that, mournful .cry. I could stand: it no longer, sol decided to call the. Tenth,' and see what he could make out of the mystery. . All the other follows camped in the bachelors' quarters, but Broughton and I were accommodated at the house with two sinall rooms, one on each side of the back verandah. I crossed over, to the opposite room, but, found the door locked and Broughton asleep or pretending to be so. Disgusted -with his cowardice, I returned to my .ofrn room and looked again from the window. There, was nothing to be. seen. Perhaps after all I had imagined the ghost, so I decided to go to bed and get someone to watch with' me on the following night. . At breakfast next morning I told the others what J. had seen, When I chaffed the Tenth about locking his door - to keep out -the ghost, he .only laughed and said it was a liabit he;had acquired on his tfavbls; He owned, However, to having heai'd the wailing.' / " And novor tried to find out the mystery?" exclaimed Doris. "Oh, Mr. Broughton, I'm ashamed of you. That's not the way Australians be have when a ghost comes in the way. You may bo sure Aleck followed it' up. Didn't you ?" appealing to me. < "I did nothing of the kind," I answered rather shortly. " It was > really very thoughtless of Doris to talk like that when she knew per fectly well it would have been no use investigating without someone ; to -verify my statements. They would only have accused me of dreaming or of /taking a leaf out of Burt's ro mances," " Let us all watch to-night arid see if the'apparition reappears," said Alice,' a proposition which was received with acclamation . from all save the English Johnnie and myself.- ; , It was Christmas Eye, and the youngsters were to have their tree and games in the evening ; so after break fast nearly everyone turned to and helped in decorating the big dining- room with tho greens which the black- boys brought in. But Burt and I cleared out. We had only one more week . before us, and a whole morning was too much to wnste"in pricking our fingers for a lot' of girls and cheeky youngsters. Though I had been in a Sydnoy office for two or three years I had been born and lived most of my life in the bush, and pever lost my yearning for the freedom of the oountry or tho craving to feel myself again in tho saddle, with a good horse under mo, galloping after cattle, be it in the quivering heat of mid-summer' or tho driving sleet of winter. Qnce a bushman .always a busliman, and sweeter than music in my ears were tho sounds of' Ma running fire of stockwhips and a fiery run of hoofs," So off Burt and I went for a good tearing' gallop which was far jollier than being i indoors, in spite- of tho boat. Consideration for our steeds made ua perform our homeward jour ney at a modiSed pace, in exceedingly good spirits and with the comfortable fooling that it was nearly lunch time. Wo were just about throe miles from the house, when a man darted from behind a clump of trees with a shout of " Bail up !" Ho was tall, and wore a red Crimean shirt, -an old pair of moluskin trousers and a big cabbage-tree hot. A mask oo.yered the upper part of his face, -while the lower was almost hidden by a big bushy beard. In each hand he , hold a revolver, with which he covered ' us while he again dolivered himself of tho well-known bushranger's cry, "Bail up 1" Of course it was no use resisting ; a man would be a fool to do bo with a loadod pistol pointed at him. As for the dogs, I. had often heard they wore of no use with bushrangex-s, and ours gave us ample proof of the fact. One moment they were rushing at tho man barking furiously, and tho next they were crouching at his feet. In less time than it takes to toll the tale . / Burt and I were relieved of our watches and chains, Btuds and slceve- linlcs, and what loose money we hap pened to havo about us, and tho man had made off with the spoil. We rode onward for sonio time in silence, feeling very disconsolate. ' " Don't you think Uncle Bob will be astonished to hear of bushrangers Jon Woolingra?" I asked presently. I "Perhaps he will," answered Burt Irather absently, and then suddenly, . V I say, Aleck, it strikes me that we \ will get well chafl'ed by the Tenth for (letting one man stick us up after my Vail tales last night. Suppose wo ro mance a bit and make him believe we have been stuck up by a gang. We can let tho others into the secret after wards ; they would enjoy the joke." II was quite willing, so on our return Burt told them an exciting story of our adventure, and we met with much sympathy from tho Tenth, who agreed with the others that, all things con sidered, we wore lucky to get off with our. lives. Jl think," concluded Burt, "they iuust have been some of the Red Ganb." " Who are they ?" asked Broughton. . /"Haven't you heard of them? They are,"said Burt, romancing on the spot, moqabers of tne of the worst gangs in the country; Red is their color, red their motto, and generally 'thoir work lis rod also," Ugh 1" exclaimed Doris, shudder ing ,\nd looking very, uneasy. I didn't want her to be frightened, and felt vexed' with Burt for going so far, so l whispered, " Are ycu 'afraid, Dorrio ... " Oh, no," she said, "but for good ness sake don't, let any of this' got about among the servarits, and don't tell father until after to-morrow ; he couldn't tget at tho police on Christ mas Dajk and it would only worry him."-. 1 . : . Undentho circumstances Burt arid I were lorily too willing , to keep silent, antl the others promised to do likewise. 1, M And | don't think you should goi wandering off in; such small detach ments again to-day. Tom has to go round andl'soo some of the people this afternoon, so I propose- that we take the large waggonette and then some of us can drive with him." This was;, decided on, and in: the cool of the 'evening. as many of" us as could crowd into tho big waggonette started off, 'drawn by two powerful horses. The Tenth volunteered to drive, if somdone' would show, him the different places at which Tom intended stopping. Doris, always good- natured, with the prettiest possible air of resig nation, climbed to the box- seat beside him. We irisistod on Broughton kiss ing .all- the babies, in order, as' Tom put it,: that ho might not bo considered " a stuck-up . Engli8hor " by the mothers. Ho grunibi,ed,l;but submitted ; shirk ing only the offspring of /the . Chinese gardener , arid his/ wife. " / The little ones had their party that evening ; we I were all pressed into, their service to help amuse them, and I for one was not . sorry when the fes tivities were over,. My aunt, how ever, was very strict about early hours for children, so they were all dispersed to bed by eleven o'clock, and we had a littleipeacQ. 'v "Don't forget," said Noel, " that we. havo to watch for the ghost to night." " " Oh, bother j": said Tom, yawning. " Well,- let us adjourn to the verandah, it's', a trifle cooler, there, and we can sit upon the grorind arid tell sad stories of the death of ghosts — no, ghosts don't die, I believe it's kings ; arid I thought I had hit upon an appropriate quotation." H - "/ . " If. you are goitig ghost-hunting I pray thee have me jsxeused," said. Mur ray sleepily. "I ikii'b'aee why ghosts should, riot take r» midnight walk if." tlioy feel r,o dispos-id, and I think I'd like to go to bed." : ' / " Yah coward ! exclaimed Tom, upon which the Tenth threw a. cushion at his head, and then cleared out be fore the return' jcurney.- We. waited until 12 o'clock, ,some half-asleep on the/ verandah chairs, and then, as nothing happened, some body suggested bed." , V I " Hark 1 " exclaimed Doris, was not that a moan?" i We listeped intently, and presently, from the direction bf the river, a long- drawn-out wail floated up on the even ing air. , There was a little breeze that night, 'bub' . nothing! to' speak of, and the possibility of (the, sound being caused by the wind .jrr.orig the oaks, was quite out of thetjuestipu. "Let us reconnci'/'e,17 eaid Tom, " we can't see from; this side of the! house." ' Oh, don't leave us hero alone," exclaimed some of tlis .girls in dismay. " You had better alb go inside and turn up the lamps," 'suggested Tom " Bar the doors if yoii like, and we'll let you know if we find out anything, but we must unravel the mystery of that awful cry." So all tho girls went indoors, and we made our way down to the river. We were about thirty yards from the bank when Burt seized mo by the arm. " Look !" ho whispered. - There at the bend of-, the, river, faintly illumined by tint u \canny glow I had seen the night before, \i as the dim outline of a figure in <. ringing while garments. Long blnck 1-iiir fell in loose wave3 ovor the shoul ders, and tho hands were raised above tho head and clasp-d las if in supplication. We stood rooted to the ground, and then the post, which had glided a little way clorg the bank, turned and faced us, ("ever can I forget the deathly ' pall Abf that countenance or the burnitaPuf those terrible eyes. For one mobent I and my panic-stricken compar'ons gazed at the fearful apparition ; then the vision faded slowly away, and oon all was dark. Then to our ears c./rivj \ '1 a smothered moan. It was too much for us ; with one accord we turned . and fled up the hill. "Well," said Noel, as we reaohed the Bummit and paused to take breath, "I suppose we-, will be considered a precious set of cowards, arid I'll own myself one where ghosts are concerned, from this , time forth. Catch mo tampering with .the supernatural again. Wild beasts,, burglars, or any thing you can, get , hold of, or .shoot, I'll tackle with pleasure, but no more 1 ghosts for me, thank you." The girls wore waiting for us on the verandah," too excited to keep in doors., ' " Well, did you see anything ? " they demanded eagerly. ' A great deal too much ; don't ask, it was. awful," said Burt sinking into a chair." " Was it really a ghost ? " enquired, Alice Strange in a frightened voice. "The nearest approach to one I haye ever seen, and— — " . He stopped suddenly, for up from the river onco, more came that piteous - yearning cry of distress. One of the girls gave' a little scream. " It's at iti again," groaned Noel." If it's going to keep that up for long we /won't get a wink of Bleep all night." .- . M Tell me all about it," insisted Doris. And Burt, being the best at narrative, gave an account of the. apparition. " ' : - / . ; Yery .'.good,,! very good,!' but notjf sufficiently correci; as to detail," said a voice -which made us all start. And there on the edge of the veran dah, fanning his burning face, sab that English Johnnie whom we supposed to be slumbering peacefully in his bed room. Over his shoulder, was a large bundle of ; sheets or some white gar ments which he flung down, as if glad to get rid of them, and disclosed to view a box — that I knew, by the shape of it, , contained some of his chemical apparatus— arid his violin. Silence reigned for a few seconds. A misty idea was fioating through our minds which became clear ana certain, as the Tenth raised his beloved fiddlo to his shoulder, and, drawing the bow across it, produoed-a melancholy wail. Noel sprang to his feet. - You wretoh !" lie said, apostrophis ing Broughton. " I believe it was all your confounded Hanky Panky." The Tenth was convulsed; with" -laughter. "Ha, Ha!" he roared, " How you fellows did clear up that, hill, My foot caught in -the sheet, and I had to put out my illuminations' rather suddenly, or else I would have given , you a bigger scare. I hope-I haven't -torn any tiling, Miss Doris." " It. does not matter if you have ; it would bo well worth 'the joke." Doris was laughing as immoderately as the Tenth, ' He a ghost believer, indeed i Why the. fellow was a perfeot fraud, and had taken us all in finely, with his locked door arid .philosophy according to Shakspeare. . And that little witch Doris, always ready for ariyfun, was his confederate. Together they had planned arid carried out - the appari tion with the aid of sheets, mask, wig, :a few chemicals and the fiddle, " You fellows have had a rare good i timo with me, you" know," explained the Tenth, "so I thought I would try if you were as good at taking a joke as you have been in playing off tricks on me. So own up, and confess you have been nicely had." And had we were. Anyhow wa were ail iu the same boat, and it was so neatly done we could not ' help laughing at it ourselves. And that was not the only time tho English Johnnie had ns. On Christ mas morning Burt and I each found a largo parcel on our plates at breakfast time. "Christmas boxes!" exclaimed Burt. "Open them and see," said my aunt, smiling at us. Wo out the string and took off the numerous wrappings of our parcels, which seemed to bo very much alike, and disclosed to the public view two small boxes. On opening them we; found in each our respective watchos, chains, <.ta, which had been stolen from us the day before, and a card, on which was written : " With the compliments of the members of the 'Red Gang,' they, finding it being considered no credit to themselves to have stuck up two men with a gang of twenty, bog to return the spoil, being content to wail? until the next timo of Bail up,' when they guarantee that one 'Red' with two unloaded pistols, will tackle any two men." Of course it was all as plain as a pikestaff then. The Tenth had been the bushranger ; no wonder the dogs refused to bito him, Everyone seemed to think it a good joke, and made a fearful noise at tho table about it. How they did chaff us, to be sure. To make matters worse we hod forgotten to tell the others of the true facts of tho case, so we got it hot all round. To crown all on New Year's Day Doris told me that she and the Tenth were engaged. " Engaged 1" I exclaimed in dismay. "Why Doris I meant to marry you myself." " Oh, did you 1" she said in rather a nasty tone. " And I was to have- no voice in the matter I suppose 1" " I took it, for granted you would be willing," I grumbled, " for you must have seen how fond I was of yon." "You never showed me anything but ordinary cousinly affection. You made eyes at me occasionally, cer tainly ; but I don't like that kind of love-making." . Then I flew into a passion and told Doris she was only marrying the English Johnnie for his money, and reminded her of her sarcastic remarks when she first saw him. " It's like you, to be mean enough to rake up a silly speech I have re gretted ever since it was uttered," she said scornfully. " Besides, Murray's face is quite clever when, you get used to it," and then with more heat, as I laughed derisively, "and even if it were not so, I love, every feature of his dear, foolish face, and I don't care a bit what you or anyone else may think about it." Then her hand was gently taken, for the Tenth had come up and . over heard the last of our conversation, and-laying his othor hand on my shoul der, he said good- humoredly — "Old man, you must not bear me any malice, Doris has told me that you are her favorite cousin, don't let me be tho cause of dissension between relations. Wo each had a fair field, eciual chances, with the same nrize in view. If you hnd been tho victor I Bliould have known it, because her heart was yours, and would have wished you both happiness. Now you must do the same for u3. Shake hands, Aleck, and congratulate me." And I did. The old Tenth was really not half a bad fellow when you were used to him. But I shall1 always, think that if he had not been the fortu nate possessor of heaps of tin Doris wouldsomedayhavebeonmy wife. And one thing more. I don't believe in those large gatherings at Christmas' time. A few relations are all very xyelT, but introduce any foreign element and something is sure to happen. The pretty theory of taking the stranger in sounds very well and savors of religion, but if you put it into practice five fimoc niif. rtf o?v vaii wilt -fin/1 fr.Vtnf. tiKn stranger has taken in you. / Arden Boss. 