A GAME OF HEARTS. CHAPTER XXVI.—(Continued. ) "It seems to me you do nothing but talk of him," said Lesley, still rosy- red, and laughing a little constrainedly. "Why do you intend to abandon the subject for the future ?" "Oh, I shall never have done talk- ing of Caleb Halliday, if you mean that ! It is likely George or I could ever forget what he has done for us ? I meant that I supposed I must not count him among the list—the long list—of your lovers." "You are right," said Miss Bell, bitterly. "Whatever fancy he may have had for me when I was a child—a thoughtless, heartless, foolish child—it has evidently not withstood the test of time. You are quite right." "How is he to know that you have changed since those days ?" pursued Mamey, daringly. And Miss Bell did not seem to be startled or offended by the words. "How indeed ?" she returned, with sad simplicity. "You can see that he shuns us all. You know that even to oblige you, and put the finishing stroke to the happiness which he began, he will not run the risk of meeting a woman he so thoroughly disapproves of as he does, and always did—Lesley Bell." "It is not that," pleaded Mamey, still clutching her treasure in her pocket. "Isn't it ?" said Lesley, quietly. "You know it is Mamey ; and I do not say that I have not deserved the rebuke. But I—I should like to make my peace with all my old enemies be- fore I marry. I should like to ask him to forgive me for some words I said once ; and you see he will not even give me that poor little opportunity." "Of course he has no idea that you care about it," urged his eager little champion, her dark eyes shining with new courage. "I dare say he fancies that, now that you are grown up and come out, and engaged to—to a swell, you know—you would look down on him because he is only a cotton- spinner." "Did he find us such an intolerable set of snobs then ?" demanded Lesley, indignantly, starting up and beginning to pace the floor in her long purple draperies, as she clasped and unclasped her hands with a feverish gesture. "He has stayed beneath our roof, and, though at one time some of us may have failed in courtesy towards him, I do not think we deserve quite so harsh a judgement from Mr. Halliday as that." "Then you would receive him kindly if he could still be persuaded to come to Chatton for my wedding, Lesley ?" "Why should I do otherwise ? I— I should like Mr. Halliday to know Lord Quallinghame. I believe they would get on very well together ; and I don't like to feel that I am the means of casting any shadow on your marriage, little Mamey. Happy little Mamey, who is head over ears in love, and is going to be married to her ideal sweetheart !" Lesley put her two arms round her friend's neck and kissed her with a charming impulse. " I am so glad to hear you say so," said cunning little Mamey, at last producing her letter, " because I heard from Caleb this morning. I don't think I mentioned it before, did I ? And he tells me that he can arrange his business after all, so as to be able to run over for the wedding." Miss Bell stared away and looked at her without saying a word—only her lips parted. "He thinks," continued Mamey, in a mater-of-fact voice, "that he will be with us soon." Still Miss Bell did not speak. She seemed to be listening with her eyes. "To-morrow !" plumped out Mamey, desperately ; and Miss Bell sank down, like a woman in a dream, on to the nearest chair. "Perhaps you would like to see his letter, dear ?" inquired the little arch- plotter, carelessly holding it out. "No—yes—give it to me !" Miss Bell extended a fair, trembling hand, and caught the letter eagerly against her breast. She did not seem to see Mamey any more after this, or to be aware of her presence in the room. She sat, looking straight before her through the narrow stone-shafted window, and out on to the quadrangle, where the first dead leaves were drifting down ; but she held the letter close and warm. An hour later, when Mamey had long since left the house, and was tell- ing George something of the result of her interview, while they watched Nat giving Rose her first lession in croquet, Dolly, coming into Miss Bell's sitting-room, and expecting, from what Mamey had said, to find her child as- leep, saw Lesley still sitting with her hands folded in her lap, and her rapt, shining beautiful eyes still staring dreamily out upon the falling leaves. Only now there was no letter to be seen. "Asleep, my child ?" said Dolly's tender old voice, breaking in softly upon the girl's reverie. And Lesley, waking up with a sigh and a start and an exquisite smile, flung her arms round her faithful Dolly for all answer, and laid her head down in its old resting- place, where she had so often laid it when a child, to be kissed, or scolded, or advised. "Lord Quallinghame has been ask- ing for you, my dear," Dolly said pre- sently, stroking the fair fleece of hair that streamed over the girl's violet shoulders. "He is anxious to know how you are." "Oh, better, better, better !" said Lesley, raising her head, and speaking in a strange rapturous kind of whisper. "I feel as if I should never be ill again !" And she clasped her two hands at the back of her neck under her long floating hair, and began again to pace the room, with her eyes raised high above her. All the splendors of sunset were gathering round her figure as it moved up and down the sombre oaken floor. The light seemed to follow her as she walked, and to turn the purple folds of her long dress into an ame- thystine glory. "Shall I tell him you will see him?" ventured Mrs. Powlett, after a few moments, when she saw that Lesley did not seem disposed to speak. Lesley started again. "Lord Quallinghame ?" she asked, pressing both palms to her temples. "Yes, I will see him, Dolly ; but not here—not here ! He must not come in here just yet !" "Dolly was puzzled, but held her peace. "Say I will see him in the library, if he will be so good. Tell him I par- ticularly wish to speak to him, and— Dolly, see that we are not dis- turbed." Mrs. Powlett was gone. Perhaps Sir John was hungry for a sight of his pretty girl too—had not she been shut up all the afternoon with little Paget ? he asked, jealously —for it is certain that Lesley found her father and her lover together in the library when she opened the door of that little-used apartment. For a moment she drew back ; then, with a resolute gesture, she put the impulse away, and entered the room. Lord Quallinghame was almost the only person who ever found his way into it ; and for his comfort Mrs. Pow- lett saw that a cheerfull wood-fire was kept burning in those changeable autumn days, so that the handsome book-lined room, with its oriel window and dark-green hangings, fully de- served the little exclamation of pleasure with which Miss Bell, chilly and fevered from her dreamland, greeted it as she entered. "I am glad somebody looks after your comfort a little, Lord Qualling- hame," she said, holding out a white shaking hand to her lover. "Have not I neglected you shamefully all to- day ?" Lord Quallinghame raised the frail burning fingers to his lips. He was not a man much given to speech on every occasion. "So you have me—so you have your old dad !" exclaimed Sir John, still jealous. "What have I done, I should like to know, that I am not to be pitied ?" Lesley smiled, and kissed her father on his ruddy old cheek. "Papa, I shall scold you !" she said lifting a pretty finger. "I thought you had promised me no to be jealous any more." "Well, well ; scold me a little on the other cheek, and I won't," returned her father, brightening under her caresses like an amiable shaggy dog ; and Lesley, bestowing the kiss that was demanded, sat down in the straight high-backed chair which Lord Qual- linghame drew forward to the hearth, and began to warm her hands at the blaze. The transient splendor of the sunset was all gone, the autumn dusk was closing quickly round them. "I have been plotting against you in my solitude," began the young beauty, looking up at her lover, who stood well back in the shade, leaning his elbow on the carved mantelpiece. He drew a step nearer, the rae intaglio he wore on one pendent yellow hand sending out lurid gleams as the flickering light of the logs caught it now and again from below. "Plotting !" echoed Sir John, in his jolly voice. "Nothing wonderful in that, is there, Quallinghame, when two women get their heads together, espe- cially when one of the heads is as full of mischief as little Paget's ?" Lord Quallinghame stooped and ar- ranged the tapestry banner-screen so as to shelter Miss Bell's fair cheek from the blaze. "Out with it, Lesley !" cried her father. "Some new fal-lal for the wedding, I suppose. I shall be ruined between you." "Papa," said Miss Bell, with a very perceptiable effort, "you are to be very good, please, and not ask any ques- tions at present. And you must not be jealous and begin to growl again if I ask you to let me speak of my secret to Lord Quallinghame alone." "Alone ! Why, what the deuce——" It is a—a commission, papa," she interposed, "which I am going to ask Lord Quallinghame to execute for me in London—a little favor I am going to beg of him." There was a break in Lesley's sweek voice ; she was at her old girlish trick of turning a ring round and round on her finger—her engagement-ring— Lord Quallinghames's magnificent dia- monds and opals. "In London ?" echoed Sir John, not in the least taking his daughter's hint, or accepting his dismissal. "Upon my soul, Lesley, this is coming it a little too strong, I think—sending Lord Quallinghame to London just to gratify some whim !" "Lord Quallinghame will not mind the journey if it is for me," Miss Bell replied ; and once again she held out her pretty trembling hand to her tall lover. "You only do me justice," he as- sented, with his courteous bow. " Con- sider me entirely at your service no and always." Lesley rose hurriedly and walked to the window, beyond which the twi- light landscape lay so still and dark and fair. For a moment or two she did not speak, and there was no sound in the room but that of the light fall of the wood-ashes on the hearth. Then she turned round and came back to her father, laying her cheek against his arm and clinging to him with her hands. "Papa," she urged, with an hysteri- cal laugh, "if, you don't go, after the numerous hints you have received, Lord Quallinghame and I will really be obliged to put you out !" And then at last Sir John did take himself away, and left the lovers together. He saw Lesley advance swiftly to Lord Quallinghame as he closed the door. The radiance of the fire was in her purple dress and on her glittering hair and hand. Lord Quallinghame still stood back, a tall, gqunt silent figure in the gloom. An hour passed, the dressing-bell rang, dinner would soon be on the table, and still the library-door re- mained closed to all intruders. Sir John fidgeted in and out of the hall a dozen times. Dolly was uneasy. The low murmur of voices reached them from time to time. And then at last Lord Quallinghame came out, unmoved and pale and grave as ever, and requested that a carriage might be got ready to take him to the station, as he was anxious to get to town without delay. "Lesley, what foolery is this, miss," shouted Sir John, angrily, "sending a man out of the house without his dinner at this hour of the night ? I-—'' "It is Lord Quallinghame's own wish, papa," said Lesley, appearing, white and cold as a beautiful ghost, in the black doorway of the library. "I begged him not to go until to- morrow." "But Miss Bell has kindly granted me my own way." Once more Lord Quallinghame raised the hand of his mistress to his lips, and, with a bow, he was gone. A few minutes later the sound of wheels was heard driving away across the quad- rangle. Lesley ran to the dark hall-window, ans swept aside the curtain with a passionate gesture. And, as she stood and watched the carriage drive off swiftly in the dusk, great tears were dropping on to her hands and on to her breast—the tears she would not shed a little while before. CHAPTER XXVII. There was quite a deputation at Bainbury Station to meet the four o'clock train which was to bring Caleb Halliday to Chatton a day or two before the great event of Mamey's marriage. Tall shy Rose and beam- ing George and chirping little Nat were all assembled on the platform, looking out anxiously for the first sign of the Northern express. And when Caleb out out of the carriage, looking about him eagerly, as men do when they find themselves after a long absence in pleasantly- remembered places, he stood an good chance of being smothered by the hearty greeting that awaited him. The young Manchester man was a kind of god in the eyes of those mis- guided people. George would see after his portmanteau, Nat would charter a fly, and blushing Rose blushed more than ever as she was left to do the talking for a few moments to the big- bearded kind young fellow, who turned out to be far older and sadder-looking than Mamey's description had led her to believe—or so George's shy sister de- cided at any rate. And then, just as the traveller was being borne away in tri- umph by the deputation, who should come puffing and stamping on to the plat- form in his shooting jacket and grey gaiters but Sir John himself, who was on his way home from the part- ridges, and who wushed up to Caleb and wrung the young man's hand with more than the usual cordiality, de- claring that willy-nilly ne meant to carry him off the Heycot, and that it was of no use Caleb's fishing for ex- cuses, because he, Sir John, was not going to accept of any ? "Yes, yes ; I acknowledge that is a fair one," said the jolly old gentleman, lifting his hat to Rose, who was in an agony of shyness, as Caleb explained that he had quests himself at the cot- tage, and could not very well leave Hiss Norreys and her brother in the first hour of his arrival. "That is all very well, of course ; but we know where Norreys will spend his evening, and, if Miss Rose there is as sensible as she is pretty, she will not grudge an old fellow the first bit of pleasant society he has had in many a day. What do you say, Miss Rose ?" Rose was unable to say anything, but her smile was encouraging. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 