CONGLOMERATIONS. We Invited our readers to send for publica tion Conglomerations embodying the follow ting words—Name, Nation, Natural, Night, Noble, Novel, subject to the following conditions:— 1\. Any two or more of the words may he used, and in any order. 2. If in prose, the whole number of words must not exceed six times the number of the given words used. 3. If in verse, the number of lines must not exceed twice the nnmber of the given words that are used. We publish the following this week:— Sweet Mary was her Christian uame, The joy and pride of all. In music, song, and merry game. In bright and courtly ball. So novel was her regal grace So nolle, winsome, fair. The nation loved her charming face. So natural yet rare. She moves In royal circles still, A very queen of niiht. Long may nor life be free from ill; All joy and sunshine bright. B. S. S. It was "the noon of night," The stars were shining bright. When lo! a none! sight " Struck terror to the heart" ot one whose name I quite forget. Forlo! a grizzly ghost, Down on the South-East coast, Tall as a flagstaff-pus t, With eyes of flame, yet natural as life itself, you bet, Cried out, " You ire my slave, Your nation may be brave, But now your life I crave, Sly nolle youth, my jolly buck; how lucky we have met." Fu.ee Selector. The niiht was fast advancing, A novel sight appeared; A noble horse was prancing And then aloft he reared. His name they said was Nation Quite natural it seemed That e'er he reached the station, His rider loudly screamed. Amateur. " What am your name?" Policeman X demanded. What am your nah'onl Where, sir. was you born?" The night was cold, tho traveller had landed At Port Victoria that very morn. He heard the functionary's words with scorn. 'Tnas natural that he should feel surprise; The man in blue bad trodden on his corn; The questions were uncalled for and unwise. Yet-though a novel 'twas a noble action, When bobby, conscious of the blander, said— ' At first I thought as 'ow you was Dick Jackson, Who from the clutches ot the law 'ave fled " Investigator. Scott's now!, " The' Pirate" by name represents the hero ae bslooglng to (be Spanish nation: It was natural that he should love that noble Mertouu teat rescued htm on the night of the wreck. -Cross* a 