[PUBLISHED DAILY.] JUST TAXATION-ECONOMICAL GOVERNMENT PERFECT FREEDOM OF TRADE. PRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1804, MR HIDDLESTONE did good work when he brought before the notice of the Assembly the question of State schoolexaminations, but the reply of the Premier to the effect that no provision has been made for future examinations is eminently unsatisfactory. Of course the lack of funds will be set down as the reason, but, if we remember rightly, the Director of Education in the report he tabled last session remarked that these exhibitions were not fulfilling the object for which they were instituted. Mr Stephens contends that the prizes are not falling to those children whose parents are unable to send them to higher schools, but to those of more well-to-do people. No exception has so far been taken to this statement, which doubtless had due influence with Ministers in knocking out the vote, but enquiries made certainly do not bear out the Director's remarks. When the exhibitions were held there was some reward for a scholar to look forward to, and there are unmistak able instances of their usefulness in providing an intelligent lad with the means of pursuing his studies, which otherwise he would have been unable to do. They assisted a class which needed assistance, and formed a cynosure to which every lad in the school could look forward ; and when it is remembered that there are no other prizes awarded in our public schools something of the sort is necessary. Few there are but can remember the pleasure they experienced and the pride they felt when they came home from the annua examination in years gone by with their rewards ; but the State school echolar of to-day has nothing of that sort to spur him on. Since the advent of the Uni versity the big fish has swallowed up the little ones, and in order to provide the £3000 a year to pay for lecturers and other expenses, not only have State school exhibitions suffered, but the Technical schools have also been reduced to a mere shadow of their for mer selves, and have been placed upon starvation wages. Both these votes could be sacrificed to the exigencies of the Treasury, but that of the University is 1 not to be touched. Under the circum stances it will be interesting to turn to the University report for 1898 and see what money has been spent on higher education and what has been done with it. The receipts for the year, includ ing a credit balance from last year of £2926, amount to £6306, of which fees represent £254. The items of ex penditure are scholarships and exhibi tions, £1950 (of which £1200 is for Tasmanian Scholarships); salaries, £1625 ; examiners' fees and cost of ex aminations, £286 ; extension lectures £176 ; building fund, maintenance of buildings, and additions thereto, £1280; miscellaneous, £175 ; leaving a balance to credit of £810. Thus we have an expenditure for the year of £5500, of which £400 alone was devoted to junior exhibitions. The average atten dance at the extension lectures was Hobart 110, Launceston 34 ; and in order that these comparatively few individuals may have the pleasure of listening to a few lectures on the "Literature of Queen Anne," " Elec tricty," and one or two other subjects, the public are saddled with a cost of £1700, or nearly £12 per head. Turn ing back to the year 1890, before the establishment of the University, we find that the votes were-Council of Education, £2596; exhibitions (including boarding allowances to country exh ibitioners), £1160 ; techni cal education, £1500, subsequently increased to -03000. Now the State school exhibitions are dropped, the Technical schools are cut down tc a few hundreds, but the vote for higher education has increased. We have all along contended that Tasmania is not sufficiently advanced to support a University, and that with the means at our disposal it is useless to attempt to compete with those of the mother land or the adjacent colonies. The money now spent on extension lectures alone would more than suffice to cover the whole cost of State school exhibitions, and at an allowance of £20 per head for boys and £15 for girls would provide for a hundred of these prizes. The interest that was taken in these junior examinations a year or two ago, and the eagerness with which the results were looked for, showed that success or otherwise meant a great'deal to those who took part in them. In the majority of cases on it depeinded the shaping of the scholar's future career. Success gave him a start, which, if he was intelligent and indus trious, he could put to good use; and our contention is that far more good was done by these exhibitions than will ever be accomplished by extension lectures or anything of the sort. The same thing applies to technical education. Mis management has caused the Hobart school to fail, but the Launceston establishment is as flourishing as ever, and would be more so if the necessary money were forthcoming. It is ac knowledged that the colony is in a bad way and that retrenchment is necessary, and yet we find £5500 spent last year on the University. Those who can follow up a University course are com paratively few, ·nd are usually the sons of wealthy people, and if it be necessary to assist them in their studies it can be done much better and more economically under the old system of Tasranian Scholarships than by study at the best University this colony can afford for years to come. To attempt to run an institution of that sort on the present vote is not contemplated by the promoters, and it is but the thin end of the wedge of a far larger ex penditure. We do not write in a spirit hostile to the acquirement of higher education, but we contend that this colony is not in a position to attempt to compete with the other colonies where there are old- established and well-endowed institutions, and also that any money which can be spared would be far better spent in the shape of technical education and offering in ducements to those who attend our public schools to continue their studies. It is a pity that Mr Hiddlestone was content with such an unsatisfactory answer, and it is to be hoped he will not allow the question to remain where. it is. THE re-arrangement of the Civil Service with a view to economy brings the posi.. tion of Curatoc of Intestate Estates once more into the arena of discussion, but nothing has come of it. Mr Douglas asked on Wednesday evening, what was the obj !ct of the change ? The office is at present held by the gentleman who is also* audges' Associate, and who is among the Civil servants proposed for superannuation: by the Braddon Government, but it seems that he was to retain charge of intestate estates. It is curious that such a distinc tion should have been made, especially if' economy is the object sought, because the Curator's fees would probably be sufficient remuneration for both offices. There is, however, another, and to our mind a much stronger, reason why the present. opportunity for making an alteration should be embraced. The office of Curator of Intestate Estates under existing con ditions is outside the pale of the Tas manian Civil Service, and the application of the Auditor- General to audit the books of this department has been denied to him and the denial upheld by the Crown Law Officers. When it is remembered that the fees are paid by the people of the colony it is only reasonable to expect that the books of the Curator should be open to the Colonial Auditor. Because such an anomalous state of things has existed for years surely is no valid reason for its continuance; and the retirement of the present capable and respected Curator affords an opportunity for making a more satisfactory arrangement if the Attorney General is really desirous of effloting re form. We dealt with this subject some little time ago, and suggested that when an alteration could be made it would be well to combine the office of Curator of Intestate Estates with a new one to be called Trustee in Insol vency, so that in future the winding up of bankrupt estates should be in the hands of Government officials who would be officers of the Supreme Court. There is something eminently unsatisfactory in the presence amongst the civil servants of officers who recognise only Imperial control, and it affords an illustration of " dual authority " in denouncing which, when it affects the police, the Attorney- General has waxed quite eloquent. Respecting the winding up of bankrupt estates dissatisfaction of a very different kind has lately been expressed at the circumlocutory methods employed. Now that their bant ling has been disposed of,will Ministers ven ture upon a reform that will secure a double economy-a saving to the State and to the people who do business with the State ? TnE Legislative Council decided by twelve to two on Wednesday night that the use of the totalisator promoted the'. morals of the community ! At least some of those who voted with the majority against thebill did so on "moral grounds 1' Is there anything in this wide world so disgusting as cant ? We should have been quite prepared to see the bill passed without alteration, for the Legislature that could go cut of its way to legalise a huge bank lottery could, scarcely hesitate to go a step further and ; participate in the unholy gains of gambling. Regarded simply as a source of revenue, apart from all ethical considerations, the tax on totalisators, as we have said, is as little open to objection as any that could be suggested. It is a fair presumption that those who can afford to bet on racing are able to pay for the luxury. But the question does not end there. We are told that the bill would destroy horse racing, kill sport, lead to the deterioration of the breed of horses, and that the amount re ceived from the tax would not justify its imposition. These statements may be true or not-for ourselves we take the liberty of doubting them-but none of them touches the fringe of the main objee. tion to the measure, viz., its vicious and immoral tendency. The graduated system of ganbling as it exists to.day, commenc ing with the "prize packets" in the children's lolly:shope, was to be crowned with the entry in the State ledger, "'lotilisator receipts." We protest against such legislation, aseured that it must ultimately bring ruin upon indi viduals and disgrace upon the community. Hos. members in the Legislative Coun cil were in an aggressive mood last evening. Having mutilated the Assessment Bill so that for the purposes for which it was designed it wes practically worthless, they concluded the business by rejecting it altogether by the casting vote of the Pre sident on the motion for the third reading. The fact that it was necessary in order to enable Ministers to redeem their pledges to their supporters did not trouble the " Lords " in the slightest. When it is considered that the bill did nct. ple3ge the Chamber to the accep tanca of the principle of unimproved value, but was solely for the purpose of gaining information to enable the ques tion to be intelligently discussed, the action of the Council is hardly defensible. The prospect of the change which the adoption of the principle would bring about was evidently so unpalatable that the first opportunity was seized to lay' the ghost. Having disposed of the Assess ment Bill hon. members hardly deemed the Accounts Publication Bill, which was designed to reduce the cost of publishing the Government Gazette by some A2000 a year, worthy of serious consideration, and uo dismissed it without going to a division. The amount of actual business transacted was small, and in reply to a pertinent ques tion :put by Mr M'Call as to how long the session was going to drag along the Chief Secretary stated that the delay in concluding business was due to the obstruc tive tactics pursued by hon. members. If the present temper of the Council is a criterion the chance of any more beneficial legislation being passed this session is small, and the sooner the Chief Secretary gets the Appropriation Bill dealt with and the shutters put up the batter. 