The Presbyterian Church. ——♦—— THE MINISTER AND CHOIRMASTER. REPLY BY ME. MACDOUGAL. The following correspondence has been handed to us for publication in reply to the communication which we published on Saturday last from the Presbyterian Session. Bathurst, June 12, 1894. To the Moderator and Session of St. Stephen's Church, Bathurst. Gentlemen,— As you have thought pro per to insert certain correspondence in two Bathurst newspapers, on Saturday and Monday, in reference to the recent un pleasantness which has arisen between the Session and myself as choirmaster, and as this correspondence is calculated to pro duce a one sided impression of the facts of the case ; and as moreover, the Moderator — with as, I believe, an utter indifference to the principles of justice and fair play refused to allow me to speak at the meet- ing held in the church on Wednesday last the 6th instant, I feel it necessary to send you the present communication. I. In traversing the correspondence in question, I find that the first matter to which exception may be fairly taken is contained in a statement of the Moderator in regard to the meeting summoned from the pulpit for the 21st February. At a meeting of the Session held on the 18th of that month, he says, the following minute was agreed to : — The Session having in the annual report sub mitted to the congregation felt it to be it's impera tive duty to draw attention to the numerically weak condition of the choir, and believing that if the choir could be materially strengthened, the service of praise in the congregation would be greatly improved, wishes tho whole question to be fully considered, and to this end calls a meeting of the choir and of such others of the congregation as are interested in its service of song, the said meeting to be held in the vestry on Wednesday, the 21st instant, at 8 p.m. In calling this meeting, the Session believes it is doing what many desire it to do, and performing a duty which presses upon it. The notice was accordingly given on the 18th, as ordered. If this means that the notice was given according to the terms of the minute, it it not a fact. A meeting of the choir and others interested in the psalmody was called— that is all. And if the resolution of the session was then in existence it was very carefully concealed. There was no reference to the annual report, nothing about the 'imperative duty' which seems to have lain so heavily on the souls of the Session, not a word about 'the numerically weak condition of the choir,' not the most distant allusion to the belief ' that if the choir could be materially strengthened, the service of praise in the congregation would be greatly improved,' and not the ghost of a mention of a wish that ' the whole question should be fully considered.' The mere bald intimation was given that a meeting would be held ; not one word of the reasons which prompted the action was uttered. Every living soul who sat in the choir on that day, besides others, are pre pared to attest the accuracy of my asser tion—and by ' statutory declaration' if necessary ! The Moderator continues: — On the 21st, as notified, the Session, a few others, and two members of the choir attended the sum mons, but the choirmaster and the majority of the choir did not appear, consequently the meeting did nothing. It is a fact that nothing was done, but it was not for the want of trying, because the Moderator asked a member of the choir to second a resolution condemnatory of the singing, and she point plank refused. It is also a fact that ' the choirmaster and the majority of the choir did not appear,' the reason being, as I have explained in my previous letter, that they were not con sulted in any way. The proceeding was, to say the least an extraordinary one, and was calculated to keep 'those in terested' away instead of securing their attendance. If I were told that this was the motive which dictated the course pursued, I would not be greatly shocked. The plot had already begun, and what better object could be served than to make it seem that the choir and choirmaster had given ground of offence by refusing to meet the session ? Clearly, from the resolution afterwards passed by this body, the very thing hap pened which best suited its purpose. Re collect always, however, that not one of the choir was consulted before the meet ing was called from the pulpit. II. Concerning the alleged efforts made by the Moderator to secure a conference with the choirmaster, his reverences statements amount to so much ludge. I never agreed to meet him and discuss anything about the choir on the 5th April, and my inability to see him on a subsequent occasion I explained to a member of the session. Besides, as I have already submitted, it was not my business to go to him, but his to come to me, especially as he knew how inconvenient it was for me to leave my work in the day time. He knew where to find me any day of the week and whatever difficulty existed could have been settled in five minutes. If he had regarded the matter then as being so urgent, is it not reasonable to suppose that he would have come to me at once ? Instead of doing so, he adopts the expe dient of getting on stilts, and becomes angry because I will not run and help him down. And apparently because I would not submit to be snubbed and treated as though I were a hireling who was bound to attend at his beck and call, he resolved that I should receive a lesson for my con tumacy. I fancy he and his session must know by this time that they made a slight mistake, and that, so far, the stick intended for my back has descended with sickening thuds on their own shoulders. III. The more one studies the minutes of the Session, the greater grows the feeling that it has acted inconsiderately towards many old and staunch members of the congrega tion. In reading the record of April 30, one is lost in surprise and indignation — surprise at the censure passed , upon the choir, and indignation at the reckless charge of discourtesy directed against certain of its members. This minute, says :— Recalling the fact that in the highest interests of the congregation, it had invited the choir to meet with it on the 21st day of February last, and that the invitation was discourteously ignored by the choirmaster and the majority of the choir, hereby records its surprise and regret that such should have been the result of its wish to do what needed to be done to improve the psalmody of the congrega tion. Bearing in mind the fact that the choir and its leader were studiously overlooked by the Moderator and the Session, how does this charge lie ? If they had first been consulted and asked to attend, then and without cause refused, they might have been assailed with some show of reason; but how could they, with any feeling ot self-respect, meet the Session in face of a deliberate affront ? And I may ask him how dare the Session insult women who had served the church so faithfully and so well? Even if he believed that it had ground of complaint against the choirmaster, surely it might have excluded the lady members of the choir from its unwarranted re buke. What had they ever done to deserve such unmerited and cruel reproach ? Here was a number of true hearted women, striving week after, week to aid a church which they loved, acting in cordial harmony with other workers of the congregation, never grudging their time, contributing money freely according to their means, meeting their minister and the two elders who compose the session many times, and then, when they show that they are dis posed to quietly protest against an act of disrespect, they are met with an accu sation of discourtesy! The audacity of this proceeding is equalled only by its terrible injustice. If any discourtesy was shown, it emanated from the Moderator and the Session, not from the choir or any member of it. In this matter, as in others, I enter my strong protest against the outrageous action of the Session. This minute concludes by stating ' it has pleasure in recording the fact that there are those in the choir who responded to the wish to confer on the matter, thereby recognising their duty at once to the Session and the interests of St. Stephen's Church.' This is mere flummery — a sprat to catch the gentle mackerel ; but it signally failed. 'Those in the choir' who 'recognised their duty' refused the bait, and have retired with the other choristers. Will the session place on record its high appreciation of the manner in which they have now done their duty ? If so, they had better set to and eat their own soft sawder — in other words, expunge this portion of their minute. IV. The session makes a prominent point of the dissatisfaction which, it is alleged existed amongst the people of the church in regard to the psalmody. In every letter and minute written by the Moderator 'the bulk of the congregation ' are des cribed as looking upon the state of the psalmody with much disapproval— in fact, with a species of disgust. But where is the evidence to support this view ? If a bulk of the congregation felt so intensely interested, it might be supposed that they would have attended that precious meeting in February. But did they ? Not a bit of it. The persons present, I am informed, included the minister, the two members of the session, two members of the choir, and two of the congregation— seven all told ! As the last two referred to constituted ' the bulk of the congregation ' who de manded the excommunication of the Sun day songsters, the hollow pretence of the whole thing becomes manifest. The know- ledge possessed by the choir enables them to say with confidence that there was no widespread dissatisfaction as alleged. The complaints, whatever they were, were confined to a small coterie of dissatisfied individuals ; and as for the rest of the highly-coloured picture, the disaffection exists only in the imagination of our assailants. V. The singular tactics adopted in connec tion with the public meeting caused very considerable surprise, and has since been the subject of general comment. It will be remembered that the people had been called together, by notice from the pulpit, on the Sunday, 'to hear the truth' about certain 'false rumors' which were said to be in circulation in regard to the Session and the choir. The notice also set forth that an inaccurate and 'unworthy' letter had been received, 'threatening' the Session, and of course this was to be dealt with. These were the reasons named for convening the meeting. Whatever con nection my letter of the 2nd June might have with the question, it had not then reached the Moderator, and consequently at that stage could have had nothing to do with his intimation. But what took place ? Where were the rumors which seem to have stirred the righteous wrath of the Modera tor and his Session ? And where was that awful letter threatening them with dyna mite and death ? It was not far from the Moderator's hand, but it was never pro duced ; and as for those vile rumors which the Session was so anxious to have con tradicted, they must , have been hard to find, because they never saw the light. They were never so much as alluded to after the notice calling the meeting had been read. Instead of either subject being dealt with, both matters were left alone, and the correspondence which had passed between the Moderator and myself was placed in possession of the public. To this no objection was offered, remember, but I contend that my correspondence should have come in at a subsequent stage of the proceedings. Clearly, the meeting should have been fully informed of the ground upon which it was called. This was all the more desirable, since a lady singer in the choir, a highly esteemed member of the congregation, to say nothing of the choirmaster, was to be put on her trial ; for had she not been accused from the pulpit, during divine service, of writing something that was 'unworthy'? And of threatening the session? Why, then, was the letter not read ? The writer was present, and challenged the chairman to produce it. Why did he not do so ? She was prepared to stand by every word she had penned. Was this the reason why the letter was suppressed ? It would appear so, and that the persons concerned shrank from the disclosures which would follow. They may not have expected her to be there at all, but if they did they scarcely anticipated that she would rise and question their action. Perhaps if she and others had been away she might have met a fate similar to that meted out to the choirmaster, when, in his absence, he was condemned — 'cursed with bell, book, and candle '—and dismissed from his position. VI. Naturally, there is much inquiry con cerning, the 'unworthy and 'threatening ' letter. Its suppression by the session and the words used by the Moderator in des cribing it have led to the impression in some quarters that it really contained something very dreadful. Here, again, there is reason to complain of rank injus tice. I contend that the Moderator's an- nouncement tended to prejudge the case against the writer when he referred to her epistle in such condemnatory terms. But even if he felt that his charge was warranted, he might at least have allowed the document to speak for itself, and people could then have formed their own conclusions. The letter would have shown that the words of the Moderator were en tirely undeserved, and it is to be sincerely hoped that the Presbytery will demand its production at the proper time, because it throws an important light upon the reasons which have led up to the present conflict. VII. In publishing its minutes and republish ing its own letters the Session has added another injustice to the unfair treatment to which it has subjected me and the choir. Anybody unacquainted with the circumstances would suppose, from a perusal of these documents as they are now printed, that, from first to last, I had positively refused to meet the session. Not a line of the letter which I sent to the Moderator and Session appears. To still further aggravate this ground of complaint, the Session sends the whole of the documents to a news paper which had never published my letter, so that all its readers have to guide them in forming an opinion is the indict- ment ot the Moderator and Session, sup ported by ex parte evidence ; the reply of the accused being carefully kept in the background. Is this the Session's idea of fair play ? Why, a man would expect to receive better usage at the hands of a band of Thugs. VIII. Apart from the sorrow we all feel in being practically driven from St. Stephen's, we cannot fail to see that this unfortunate dispute will probably seriously injure the best interests of the church. For this the members of the choir cannot be held liable. They did not seek the quarrel which has been fastened upon them, and they did not court publicity, though this might have come sooner or later. If harm has been done, they are not to blame, and if further unpleasantness and dissension arise, they cannot be made responsible. It was im possible for me to remain silent in face of your action in publishing your minutes and correspondence, and, having come to the bar of public opinion, I am quite willing to accept the verdict of the people. Yours faithfully, G. H. MacDougal. 