TUESDAY, MAY '29m, 1894. The House of Commons, by the large majority of 127 votes, lias decided tliat the expenses of elections shall in future bo paid out. of the local rates. If this applies to candidates1 ex penses, as we' believe it does, it will certainly have a marked effect in future on the character and constitu tion; of the popular house of as sembly. "We may well believe that no corporate institution will tolerate any expenditure calculated to de bauch a constituency, and it will have the levelling effect of enabling the labor candidate to compete with the capitalist candidate on equal grounds. Without having the complete text of tho proposal before us, it is of course difficult to say what the full powers of corporate budies may be under- the circum stances, and also what latitude will be allowed to candidates. Possibly it will be limited to advertising, print ing, and the hiro of rooms wheroin the candidates may give expression to thoir views, and certainly beor and buggies, cab's and canvassers, will be dispensed with"- " The same bill which embodies this provision provides also for re ducing the period .of qualification for Parliamentary and local government electors, for the half-yearly regis tration of such electors, for taking tho polls at a Parliamentary election on one duj-, and for restricting plural Tfltiug at Parliamentary elections. Mr -Ton?." Moilj.ky, Secretary for Ireland, in bringing in the measure, explained that the first purpose of the bill was fy) refiune the residential period of qualification to three months. It also provided that there should be two registrations in each year, that the •rating qualification should be abo lished, and that the polls, save in the case of the Universities, should take place on the same day, which would bo fixed by the proclamation summoning Parliament, and would probably be tho second or third Saturday after tho proclamation. The government were unable to deal •with the eyils of plural voting in a root-and-branch manner, as tp do bo would necessitate dealing with the question of redistribution, and there fore they did not intend to go farther at present than to propose that, where an elector voted at a Parliamentary election in a given constituency, he should not vote at a Parliamentary [ election in any other constituency so 1 long as the then current register re-' mained in forco. Mr Balfour, thej i loader of tlie Opposition, gave a quali-!: Bed support to tlie bill, which, | although some amendments may he 1' mado in Committee, is almost certain to pass the Commons hy a consider-1: able majority. Mr W. T. Stead is not to have a monopoly of the spooks. A Mr D. M'Alpine has appeared before the Yictorian Society for Psychical He search, at which Dr Strong presided, with a statement quite as startling as j anything that Mr Stead has told us ; about his "Julia." We have not] read that the editor of the Review of . Reviews has ever shaken hands with a materialised spirit, but Mr M'Al tixe has, and he has given, a " bannock " to a materialised Abor- j deen ghost, and watched him eat i it with such gusto as to favor I the belief that he arrived in a half famished condition from spiritland, | whore perhaps just now there is an unemplo3'ed movement, and no free | soup kitchen. "What is very remark able is that a number of elderly gentlemen, supposed to be in full possession of their senses, should gravely sit and listen to such nonsense as Mr M'Alpine read to them as his experiences at several seances where a lady from Sydnej', and another. from Prahran, introduced spirits upon tlie scene and materialised them. Ho says: "Aftereverj' possible precau tion against fraud had been takon, more than a dozen figures appeared one after another in front of the curtain which screened tho ' medium' from her audience.' The figures appeared to be. those of men, women, and child ren, one particularly frequent visitor being a small black girl. All the figuros were clothed in white glisten ing garments, and many of them spoke to the audience and answered questions addressed to them. Mr M'AiriNE himself shook hands with one of the figures, which described itself as ' Geordie Thompson,' of Aberdeen, and spoke with a strongly marked Aberdeen accent. This figure I ate a portion of a ' bannock,' which | had' been brought for it by a lady visitor. The little black girl, who I answered to the name of ' Cissie,' also ate a ohocolate which was given to | her, and after conversing on ono oc casion for more than five minutes, slowly dissolved before tho eyes of tho audience until nothing was left but a black smiling face, and then that too disappeared." We are told that the reading of the paper Was followed by a discussion, but, unfortunately, that is withheld : from a curious public. " Goordie Thompson " seems to have been an affable sort of spirit, but what pos sible business had " Geordie " to be in Australia when ho might have given real pleasure to his surviving friends by visiting them at Aberdeen. Perhaps it was because be. discerned j in Mr M'Alpine a britlier Scot, and desired to satisfy him for the benefit! of all and sundry of his fellow countrymen that there is a better land for them hereafter, whatever they may think to the contrary. And the little black girl " Cissie," the representative of a despised race who are excluded from tram cars which carry white men, and who are tried and condemned by Judge Lyxcii in stead of bj' the due process of law— whoshall say buf little "Cissie" comes to proclaim that on " the other side " all. men are brothers, and thaf there "is no distinction there . of creed or •color. Possibly these wero the, ex planations given of these singular visits. We suppose, • however, that the members of the Yictorian Society for Psychical Research are now applying themselves to a full investi gation of this phenomena, and that in due course the result will be given, to .the world which listens, doubts, and is half inclined to believe these spook stories, when told by the Steads and M'Alpixes, whose sanity otherwise is beyond question. 