Lecture. SOME OP SHAKESPEARE'S WOMEN. Contrasted with Greek Ideals. The following is an epitomized report of the lecture delivered by Mr. P. McM. Glynn, LL.B., before the members of the St. Pat ride's Literary Society, on March 6:— : Mr. Glynn said — If ever a memory should be revered by the sex of the future it is the memory of Shakespeare. He has invested woman with her essential attri butes. This was the best compliment he could have paid the sex. Instead of deli neating a type from a few accidental or surface peculiarities, shaping his outline after those temporary insecurities of cha racter which the conventions of society often oblige women to assume, he gives us a portrait that shows all the poetry and power of the heart itself, the permanent traits of the female mind, making the mutable humors and alluring or distracting eccentricities, which form the basis of most other poets' sketches, subordinate to mat ronly dignity and maiden grace. In Imogen we have those fetching peculiarities of manner and tone, that softness of texture, that naivete, that delightful habit of making personal experience the measure of all things, and magnifying the concomi tants of courtship as pronounced as a man could wish them to be, but it is the central fact of womanly purity aud constancy creates the impression. It is not those alluring simplicities and petty extravagances, but rather the combination of virgin sweetness and innocence, and wifely purity and faith fulness, that makes up the Imogen of our dreams. When " to the silent sessions of sweet thought" we summon up her image, we think of her whose breathing perfumed the chamber, who would have made her husband swear that the shes of Italy should not betray her interest or his honor, who wept for him 'twixt clock and clock, who meets the apparent proofs of his in constancy by saying he has been betrayed, who even when convinced that he is among the false ones finds that the thought of him can soften the pangs of hunger, who is remembered by Posthumous as the temple of virtue, and forgets her injuries too soon for pardon. How finely, by the way, the native modesty and humility of Imogen arc suggested by the line that the " shes of Italy should not betray her interest or his honor." Allan Ramsay, as Leigh Hunt reminds us in his " Jar of Honey," makes his shepherdess say to her lover, " by vows you're mine,' by love I'm yours." This for getfulness of the power of their own personal charms, this divine unconsciousness of their own worth, is a characteristic of most of Shakespeare's women, and is often sug gested by such simple touches. When Laertes tells Ophelia that she is but the object of a passing fancy with which Hamlet is playing, she does not for a moment dream that her native beauty and virtue.can inspire a lasting passion, that her's is the falconer's voice to lure her " tassel gentle back again," but accepts her brother's estimate of her powers. Helena, who stands so high in the praises of the Countess of Rousillon, is so unconscious of her merits that she thinks her love is hope less for the petulant and feather-headed Bertram—that it is only " in his bright radiance and collateral light" she must be comforted, " not in his sphere." When the countess, pitying her orphan condition, calls her daughter, Helena protests her unworthi ness of the proffered honor, though her protes tation (in spite of her maiden reticence) is sweetly flavored with evidence of a reason for making it, that she half wishes the countess would recognise. The filial relation is, of course, incompatible with the other towards which her heart, against even hope, must direct her ambition. " Pardon, madam, The Count of Rousillon cannot be my brother. I am from humble, he from honour'd name ; No note my parents, his all noble: My master, my dear lord he is; and I His servant live, and will his vassal die: He must not be my brother." Viola is bright and self-reliant, intellec tually the strongest character in " Twelfth Night," inspires through her beauty, of which her name is so suggestive, a willing servitude, yet is tender and unaffected. Viola, though in a position that sometimes levels all ranks and breaks the bonds of obedience, does not for a moment hesitate to assume, as if with an instinctive recogni tion of the fitness of things, the vacant post of authority, and commands the sailors at will. The inspiring spirit of the relation is that referred to by Burke as a "generous loyalty to rank and sex, that proud sub mission, that dignified obedience, that sub ordination of the heart, which kept alive, even in servitude itself, the spirit of an exalted freedom." Viola is bright and clever, but soft and winning, and there is no trace of envy or jealousy in her words or conduct. She is ever the Viola of her brother's eulogy, that lady that was " of many accounted beautiful," and who "bore a mind that envy could not but call fair." Portia is doubtless the woman of all Shake speare's women, of which her own sisters are proudest—as an ideal—and on . that ac count- probably the one whom they would be most inclined to pick to pieces in the flesh. The rich heiress of Belmont is the pet of five-sixths of those of her own sexual per suasion. He was, however, never hopelessly floored by the perfections of Portia. Portia is not one of those soft creatures of sensibility and pure affection, strongly marked, at every point. with the essential differences of the feminine gender. She dis plays at rimes a strong flavor of masculine orthodoxy. She is smart, somewhat a mocker of male eccentricities, is strongly educated, accustomed rather to command than beg a tribute of service or admiration, has a dignity that would soon knock on the head all attempts at flirtation, and now and then displays her wit in observations that are somewhat risque. Hamlet, in the crisis of liis life, when events called him to action, found that Ophelia could never have 'been his helpmate. To him she was then but a child. Had he then had a Portia to help him to solve the riddle of existence, the catastrophe would have been somewhat dif ferent. He would, after taking Portia into his confidence, either have laughed the ghost back again to his sepulchre, or settled in a trice the question of his uncle's longevity. Compared with the females of the Greek dramatists, those of Shakespeare display a greater variety of attributes, a greater roundness of character. The women of the Greek writers had been com pared to marble groups, and had not the quick and warm pulses of sunny life throb bing in their veins. They were mere abstractions, exhibiting one or two solitary traits of character, such as in Antigone filial duty, and in Electra sisterly affection. The conditions of Greek life and the stage led to this. Women lived in comparative seclusion, and to be ostentatious of female individuality would have jarred on Greek sensibilities. The women only whose cha racters were somewhat masculine were ex hibited on the stage, and the theatres being large, sometimes accommodating from 20,000 to 30,000, the play of the actor's features could not easily be followed, nor the music of the human voice caught. The actor's height was consequently increased by the cothurnus, and the carrying power of his voice by a mask that at the mouth acted as a speaking trumpet. It was therefore impossible to express the light and shade of expression; so that female character could not be fairly pourtrayed on the stage. Professor Mahaffy, in his lec ture on "Three Epochs in the Social Development of the -Ancient Greeks," speaks at length on the position and im portance of women of Homeric age. They were left in the seclusion of their homes in ignorance of the current affairs of life, and were treated with contempt by the popular drama. Even the ideals of Sop hocles, to which modern worshippers of the antique are fond of referring us, have their disagreeable traits of character. For all their nobility of conduct, the professor pronounces Antigone and Electra harsh and masculine. " Except in their external cir cumstances they differ in no respect from men, so that there is a peculiar significance in the fact that these female parts were acted on the Athenian stage by men. Electra, for instance, is ostentatious of her poverty, fond of wrangling, immoved at the sight of blood. Even in the celebrated Antigone there are the same features, for the two heroines do not differ in any deli cate peculiarities, as they would have done in Homer or in Shakespeare." 