NEWS OF THE DAY. Tlie goneral election!, which took nUct yes terday, resulted in it victory for Liberalism nil along the line. Tho l'attorson Government has boen utterly routed. The Premier had a desperate struggle to seaurs his seat. and his colleague, Mr. Gordon, has been sacrificed in the endeavor to carry Sir James Patterson in on his shoulders, Mr. Williams heading the poll and taking Mr. Gordon's scat. Three of 'tho members of tho Cabinet have been absolutely defeated, namely, tho Attorney-Gsneral, Sir ltryau O'Loghlen ; Mr. Kiohardson, Minister of llailivays ; and Mr. Baker, Minister of Educa tion and Customs. ,\So far as the re turns go, only 29 Ministerial supporters liavo bceu returned as against 66 Opposition can didates. No such collapse as that ot the Minis terial party has ever been put ou record boforo iu the history of the colony. It is a grand Liberal victory uudor what woro really advarso circumstances. Amongst the events worth special noto may be monlionod the return of Mr. Turner, the leader of the Opposition, at St. Kilda, and the defeat of Mr. Bent at Brighton. Tho faces of two " old Liberals," namely, Mr. P. Lougmore and Mr. W. Collard Smith, are to be once more . iu evidence in tho House. The widespread interest taken in tho elec tion,, eAvinpiifieu uy the euurinouH crowd which assembled in Coliius-stroet outside The Aye office during tho evening. The crowd was so great that the street was completely blocked, even to pedestrian traffic, except for a small space kept olear by tho police, and the posting of tho returns from the dilforent electorates was followed by loud cheering, especially in regard to tho leading ooutests. A feature in the elections was tho: crop of "leagues" aud " committees," by which tho Conservatives tried to bounce or bamboozle tho country into supporting a particular sot of candidates, and the most ng- giesiively presumptuous of these was tho "Centrnl Reform Committee," whioh issued a lietof 44 nominees to be voted into Parliament. Tho electors have used their own judgment in sending 31 of theso 44 abouC their business, and of the' remaining 13 some have got in by small majorities, whilo the election of others is not yot finally secure. To oblige some of the jury, who wished to bo enlarged during a fair portion of elootiou day, Sir Hartley .Williams yesterday ad jouruod at 1 o'clook until 10.30 this morning, when he will coneludc his charge in the mammoth libel action Speigiit v. Syme. Tho cironmstanco that the plaintiff accepted invitations from Mr. J. Robb, ono of his principal departmental contractors, to snug little dilators at Menziea' and tho Athemuum Club, was remarked upon by "his Houor as evidonce.of friendship existing between the two. It did not follow necessarily, the judge opined, that Mr. Speight would on account of his friendship with Mr. Robb unduly favor him as a contractor, and tho defendant had not produeed the invitations with the express intention of indicating that. The object of oxhibiting the invitations wns mainly to show tlfac Mr. Speight's private file, whoro they were found, was not a repository of official documents. A care ful analysis of Mr. Spoight's dealings with Mr. J. Robb was thon made by Sir Hartley Williams for the benefit of the jury, in relation to the construction of tho Wooroonooko gravel pits line, and to the arbitration iu connection with Mr. P.ohb's claim for extras on making the rail way from Footscray to Bacchus Marsh. As to tho former, it was made clear that the branch was improperly built without authority of Par liament, and tho suggestion existed that Robb was purposely paid too much for making it. Regarding the arbitration, it was indicated that the commissioners allowed the arbitrators to find against the department to the extent of £2300 in a matter ou which they had no .juris diction,, and then sustained tlie arbitratois' award against the supreme power of tho Engineer iu Chief, as coustitutcd by law. His Houor left it with tlie jury to determine whether those acts were proper ones on tho part of the trustees of public money, and whether they did not involve cxtravagaaoe as suggested by the defence. In dealing with Mr. Robb's association with the Railway departmont, Sir Hartley Williams pointed out that all the troublo in the West Melbourne 'alfair arose through tlie bung ling and incapacity of tho commissioners in not definitely stating the terms upon which the arrangement was made. Upon tiie evidonceaud upon the reports furnished to the department, Robb had all tho best of the ueai, but he managed to extract from'the department over and above the advantage lie had secured in the performance of his contract compensation to tlie oxtent of £6121, hut uot satisfied with that he mado a claim against the Harbor Trust for delay on the part of the Railway department, and obtained a further sum of £1250, half of which was subsequently paid by the Railway Commissioners. On the question of the break ing up of rolling stock, his Honor said that even the witnesses for the plaintiff condomnod the wholesale demolition of carriages and truoks merely for the tako of securing a uniform standard, and it was for tho jury to say whether rolling stock, which was in good condition when Mr. Speigiit took charge, was obsolete and rotten some 16 months after wards when Mr. Allison Smith joined the de partment. The Aye expressed tho view that this breaking up of carriages was wastoful and extravagant. It was for the jury to say whothor it was or not ; but even if it were not, would not any honest man he justified in forming the opinion on the facts, and considering fha stato of tho railway finances at the time, that tho action of tlio commissioners was imprudent and unwise ? Tho shipmeut of butter which is being despatched to Loudon to-morrow by tho mull steamer Ballaar&t; amounts to 174 tous. It represents consignments from all the leading factories in tiie colony, and is deolarc-d by the experts of the Agricultural department to he the .finest sample of butter that has ever left tho colony. It has been carefully examined by the departmental officers, aud marhed with tho Government brand as a guarantee that it is of first class quality. It is noticed us a gratifying circumstance' by the experts that as the result of repeated iustruo- tions to tiie managers of butter factories and cteamcries, a greater degree of uniformity in the quality of tlie huttor turned out is being attained. Tho aroma and color certainly vary according to tlie nature of the pasturage iu different distriots and the breed of the cows, but it is a noticeable fact that etreaky and half made butter is novr conspicuous by its absence. There is much virtue in cold air. It is found to bo the safest medium for carrying moat to London, and a fruit growor of Alameda, in California, is said to have discovered that fresh fruit can be carried in good condition thousands of miles, even through a torrid zone, in a freezing chamber. The Agricultural department has been making a ecrios of practical tests with a view of ascertaining if it is possible to pre serve eggs for a lengthened period by keeping them in a low temperature. To that end a number of eggs were nine months ago placed iu the coot chambers at the City Refrigerating Chambers, and a few days since were tested by being eaten after boiling, and also in the form of omelettes. They were found to bo as fresh as on tlie day they were placed in tho chamber. This result has induced the department to arrange for a trial shipment of 80 dozen of eggs by the mail oteamer Ballaarat, whioh leaves for London to-moirow. The eggs have been packed in husks from split peas, with a sheet of paper hetwaen each layer. It is expected that they will realiso Is. 3d. a dozen in London, and as the freight charge will hoc be more than 3d. a dozen, thero will be a handsome profit ou the transaction. tVe regret that a great injustice was unwit tingly dbno in our issue of the 12th inst. to Mr. Hamilton, a solicitor, of Tasmania. Oil that data we published a telegraphic message from our Lauuceston correspondent stating that tlie Supreme Court at Hobart had granted a rule nisi, calling on Mr. Hamilton to show cause why lie should not be removed from the rolls ; and that an nffidavit had been read in support of tho application, ehuwing that ho had neglected to pay over torn cliont a sum of £300 recoived on his behalf. A second telegram on the same subject was published in our issuo of the 17th inet., in which our correspondent corrcotcd his former- report by etating that the court refused to make an order against Mr. Hamilton, and had discharged the rule. tVe have just dis covered that the application in which Mr. Hamilton was concerned was of a trivial charac ter, aud in no way affected hia professional statns. It appoars no allegation was over made against him that he had roceived £300 for a client and neglected to pay it over. But tuch a fact was stated in another application mado against another solicitor on the samo day and in tho same court at Hobart, and our correspondont unhappily confused tho two cases, for which blunder wo tender an apology to Mr. Hamil ton. It has come under the notice of the health authorities that newly born calves are habitually sold by many dairy farmers for human consumption. In order to secure the maximum, yield of milk from the cotrs, the farmers find it necessary to get rid of the calves. Thero aro two ways of doing this — to knock thorn on tho head or to sell them. The latter course is found to he the moro advantageous, as tho animals bring from Is. 6d. to 2s. per head. Tho great- increase in the quantity of factory butter manufactured for oxport has naturally been accompanied by a corresponding increase in tiie number of calves. Some idea of tiie number of suckliugs that have to bo disposed of by either ono process or the other may bo judged from the fact that there are 500.000 cotva eun- plying milk to dairies throughout the colony. The lloah of newly born calves is innutritious, and is iu fact unsuitable for human consumption. Dr. Gresswell states that it is known to be pro vocative ot Bcrious ilincss iu tho case of eomo people, and he etrongly condemns tho e≤ of euch moot. In this connection reference may be made to the advice given some months ago by Mr. Wilson, tho Government dairy expert, ,who counsolled dairy farmers not to kill their calves, but to feed them on okim milk along with mutton fat or other suitable oils mixed with poilard or other descriptions of meal. By this means the , calves would in three months attain a weight of at least 50 lb. of catahlo voal. Tho department would undertake to freczo the carcases and place them in a cool chambor on board the mail steamers for export to London, where they would roalisa about 6d. a lb. This would give a rcturu of 25s. for each carcase, and allowing for all expenses, it is estimated that the farmer would obtain a clear return of at least 15s. per head, a vast difference when compared with tiio Is. 6d. or 2e. at wbiolr they are now sold. As a matter of fact, soma of the farmors are following tlie advice given by Mr. Wilson through these columns, nnd aro sending calves to the city refrigerating stores for export to London. The chief steward under the Land Sottlemcnt Act, Mr. Thomas, visited Dimboola on Tuosday for tho purpose of inquiring into a disputo that lias arisen as to the o'ccupatiun of certain land uear that place thrown open for selection under the provisions of tho statute iu question. A number of village settlers have taken up 10- acre, aud the members of a homestead association 20-acre blocks. Tho latter dceired to increase their area to 50 for each man, hut found that they could uot do so without encroaching upon the villago settlers, and the latter, nnturaliy enough, resented the attempt made to doprivo them of a portion of their land. The object of Mr. Thomas's visit was to try and arrange an amicable aettlcmcnt of this dilfioulty. It was suggested to him that if the villago settlers were allowed to take up about 700 acres of laud in a State forest ou tho oppo- sito side of the Dimboola railway liue this would onable tho members of tho homestead assooiatiou to expand their holdings to close on 50 acres each. Mr. Thomas approved of tho suggestion, but said ho could not interfere with the forest without first consulting the Minister of Lands on the subjoct, and acacrtaining if the Conservator of Forests would withdraw his objections to the alienation of the land. Tho announcement of the death or Mr. Ross Cox, which took placo at his residence in Brighton on Tuesday, will have boen noticed with sincere regret, we feel certain, by a wide circle of rcadars. The deceased gentleman for many years occupied the position of tencher in the Education departmont, and he suhsequontiy was promoted to an inspectorship, which oflico he filled till he was pensioned off last year oil account of his being over the age of 60 years. At one time the name of Mr. Ross Cox was well nown in Melbourne literary and journalistio cirolea, and in addition to a strong vein of original thought, he had tho command of n light satirical stylo of writing, whioh gave polish and pungenoy to his contributions. SovorAl articles of his pen havo appeared in the columns of The Aye and The Leader, and ho also contributed ot various times to other journals published in this city. He was a man of strong social disposition, aud till recent years, when failing health compelled him to with draw to a largo extent from the society of his friends, he was n prominent member of tho Yorick Club. By his genial disposition he made many intimate frieuds. An action arising out of an abritrr. tion, between Geo. Buckley and Sons, of Hawthorn, railway contractors, and the Victorian Railway Commissioners, was heard in the County Court beforo Judge Wortliington last week, and his Honor gave his reserved judgment on "Wednes day. Paul, Short and Company, of Melbourne, civil engineers, claimed £405 4s 4d. for pro fessional work which they had carried out for Buckley and Sous, tho defendants. In October, 1892, tho plaintiffs and defendants entered into au agreemont, by virtuo of wRich defendants employed plaintiffs as their agents to conduct tho arbitration proceedings which they wero instituting against the Govern ment in connection witli the construction of tlie line from Tarra to Port Albert. The terms of tho agreement were that defendants should pay plaintiffs £50 in cash nnd 5 per csnt. on the ainouut recovered under the arbitration, plaintiffs undertaking to do all tho necessary work prior to tho hearing and to conduct the proceedings before the arbitrators. Tho finding was in favor of Buckley and Sous, to whom tho arbitrators awarded a sum of £6974 6s. Id., on which tlie plaintiffs now claimed their commis sion. The defence wns that tho plaintiffs had not done the work as agreed upon. It was also pleaded that tho contract was invalid, as it was taintod with champerty. His Honor lieid that tho agreement was not charapertous, and gave judgment for tho plaintiffs for the full amount claimed. On a counter claim, by whioh the defendants demanded £499 for breach of con tract, his Houor also found iu favor of the plaintiffs. Mr. M'Arthur, instructed by Mr. Snowball, appeared for the plaintiffs ; and Mr. Wanliss, instructed by Messrs. Matthews and Williams, for defendants. Owing to the continued ilincss of Judge Molcsworth, there will he no sitting of the In solvency Court to-day. His Ilouor hopes to be able to resumo duty on Monday. The Railway department has accepted the following tender : — Supply of 100 tons of fire wood for pumping engine at Warragul, J. Con nor, 3s. 4d. per ton, Some of the English newspapers poke fun uniiiorcifully at the "goody goody" display lately made hv the Customs authorities iu Victoria in connection witli the prosecution of a Fitzroy bookseller for having the Art of Love ou sale. One of our contemporaries says : — "Some amusing — hut dubious — reports aro to hand which associate tho Minister of Customs in Melbourne witli one Ovid, a poet, somewhat to the literary it not 'moral' disadvantage of .tlie former. Very naturally the chartered humorists of the London Press liavo not hsen backward in taking advantage of their opportunity. Thus, for example, the Pull Mall Gazelle : — ' Molbouriie is resolved to lag behind the vail of progress no longer. I'urity is in the air, so why should. Melbourne rock? The Cabinet therefore looked about for a suit able hook lo supprese. After gravo and perhaps not unpraycrful deliberation, it settled finally on that flagitious corrupter of the youth, Ovid. Poor 07id ! Was not it onough that they banished yon to the Black Sea when you wero alive — really bccauso you had a piece of exclusive sonndal about tho Princess Royal, and not . at all because your varaes were a little undraped— that they J should now rake up the chatge after you have bad nearly nineteen hundred years to make an honest ghost of yourself? But there may be sums comfort even for the ghoat, in that the Administration of Victoria proposes to suppress only the English translation, which Ovid himself would hardly understand. So the boy in the grammar school will be compelled to read what the bookseller in tho street is fined for selling. Advance Australia !' And thus tho Globe : — 'The Minister of Customs in Melbourne has just made an im portant discovery. His attention has been drawn to the mischievous work ot an author named Ovid, who has been vioiousiy employing his hours iu the compilation of a inauual for lovsrs cntitiod the Art oj Love. Ovid himself, wo regret to say, has not yet been caught and punished, although tho Australian police aro doubtless on the watch, but copies of his book have been confiscated so that Melbourne's morale may no longer be contaminated. Tho police, wo understand, havo no clue beyond the uncommon size of tho offender's nose. Poor Invidious Naso. Mny wo not add our respect ful ' Poor Minister of Customs ' ? " Tho A vicric an Church. Sunday School Maya- zinc, Philadelphia, relates the following inci- dont: — "The Rev. Dr. J. G. Faton visitod a neglected island in the Pacific, whero lie found, to his great surprise, a sort of observance of the Lord's Day, although no missionary w»» there. Two old men, who had very littlo knowledgoof the truths of the Gospel, were keeping track of the days, nnd on the first day of each week they laid their ordinary work aside, put on a calico shirt kept for the purpose and sat down to talk to those whom they could call about them, reciting in simple outlines a won derful story they had once heard about one Jesus. Dr. Paton inquired where they had learned this, and they answered that long ego a missionary had visited tho island for a week or two, had given them each a shirt, and told them tlie story of Jesus. Ho asked if they could remember the name, and they aaid ' Yes, it wna Patau.' Thirty-thrca years before lie had, on his ovangolist tours, stopped nt this island for a few days aud hero, so long after, was the fruit. The calico shirts had been worn but onco a week, carefully preserved for the Lord's day, and their only way to keep the day was to meet others and tell what they could remember of the wonderful story. " Dr. Reran is announced to prcacli in the Mooneo Ponds town hall next Sunday afternoon. Messrs.. \V. J,. Baillieii nnd Co. notify an unre served sale this day. at It o'clock, at tlie Oldortlect, of office furniture and fittings. A meeting of tlioso interested in the King Solomon Prospecting Syndicate will bo held tills evening at the New Treasury Hotel. A concert, with tableaux, will bo hold this cvon- ing in tho Surrey Hall, Union-road, iu aid of the funds of St. Lie urge's Church of England, Surrey liills. Tito St. John Ambulance Association announces that a men's " first aid" class will be commenced by Br. Muuro at tilts Y.M.C.A., Bnurke-strcet, to.idght, at 7.45 p.m. A few more names may be enrolled. Mr. Nichols is lion. see. Tito library of the Rev. It. G. Sitter will be sold by auction at Tuckett-ehambcrs, Collliis-strcot, Ibis morning by Messrs. Geiiimell, Tuckett and Co. The collection, which is au interesting and valitablo one, includes works dealing with art, science, history, philosophy, theology uml tho classics, as well as numerous volumes of biography and fiction by standard authors. 