'"notes of the day. cur outis.) Mr. Henry's action in upon the draperies of a materialised spirit snigger, !.>d to Mr. Husking the idea of "grasping ihe skirts of happy chance." II lias v;orU"d out well ill a material souse, whatever scorn of his demonstrations may he fell in spiritualistic circles. The spank-raiser has attraclrd big audiences, and, unlike Mr. Percy Wakefield, who paid spot cash to he- liold the original "Cissio," "Geordie," and 'Josephine." none of the spectators have publicly expressed a great desire lo get I their money back. This is suctiess. Mr. Honking can go from city to city of Austra lasia, if the spooks can b»j prevailed on at his bidding to leave Sydney, and make money in every om» of them. This, seems hard on Mrs. Mellon, who inaugurated the ghost boom. But why does she let others reap where she has sown? The audiences drawn by Mr. Husking would not compare with those she could attract, by going over the same ground, under stringent tost con ditions. She could turn what innst at pre sent he a rather unsatisfactory position into ono of absolute triumph, and rake in piles of gate-money, if she would only make her company of spirits face the music of public examination after she had been tied up and sealed by a committee fairly well dotted with scoffers at materialisation. But Mrs. Mellon's party of capricious shades appear rather particular about com ing on before unbelievers, and would pro bably object to the presence of a good many of their kind friends in front. One cannot but wonder that "C'issie" didn't Intuitively recognise a dangerous doubter in Mr. Henry, and scornfully dematerialiso before he could lay audacious hands upon her. Tho Reichstag has refused the applica tion of the Gorman Government to impeach for high treason the persons who did not cheer the- Emperor when he appeared in the Chamber a few days ago. Moreover, the dauntless and virulent Lleblcneeht. has arisen in his place and rubbed it into the Kaiser with right good will. Unfortunately, only the general tone of TIerr Liebknecht's remarks is Indicated, but the solidarity party ought to order a copy of the speech, and have it translated. It ought, to serve as a model of the bitter, effective tongue- lashing ut which the late John Wilkes was such a fearful and wonderful master, and with which he wrought more than states manship of the highest, grade could have accomplished with calm and reasonable words. Liebknccht. is said to be a very Tartar of eloquence for anybody to engage In oratorical combat with. and. as leader of the party whose arraignment was being attempted, lie should have been in good form. Anyhow, he called the Emperor a hypocrite, and roused the Reichstag to a state of the wildest excitement. It. may have been that his indictment of the Kais-r was instrumental in preventing that of himself and his brother Socialists, But it is more likely that tin? common sense of the whole Reichstag was away ahead of that of the part, of it comprising the Government, and so averted an imminent act of national folly. Willi such a voting strength as Socialism now has in Ger many the impeachment of its entire body of representatives would have been a pro ceeding of utter recklessness. It would, probably, have produced a civil war, and tli o fact that such a proposal as to run In representatives uf the people for not cheer ing the representative of that militarism to which so many of the people are opposed, will go far towards helping the Socialists to come out right in front at next elec tion. How is it that doctors disagree with each other so early and often, and carry their disagreements to such lengths? Hol low-workers in other professions seem able to keep up, at least, an outward show of amicability, even when engaged on the same job, so to speak. But. when two or three doctors get near each other for any length of time, a serious row almost Invariably ensues. Two great sources of trouble always confront the committees of hospitals, to provide funds and to make peace between the medical gentlemen ron- ncrted with those institutions. Just now. Wagga is the centre of a. great problem of the latter kind, but the same problem chro nically exists and is silently being wrestled with in most country towns whore they have a hospital. Even where they haven't, if there art; two doctors one will ge nerally speak slightingly of the other, but three is enough to produo" vengeance and anarchy among the pill boxes. Blill it requires an hospital to bring out the bot tom facts of the private opinion of medical men concerning each other. They are con tinually declining to act with one another, and demanding committees of inquiry with a view of making revelations,. The usual strained relations exist between the doc tors of tho Wagga Hospital, and the usual sub-committee lias, been appointed to try and find out what is the matter with them. Half t lie timo of the men who Interest , themselves in keeping these institutions going is token up in this way, and tin; doctors' squabble nuisance is becoming sickening. It ought to be made a rule that when hospital doctors disagree so as to cause a block, they should ho made to prescribe for each other, and take the draughts as ordered in the presence of the indoor patients. Tlio Karl of Yarmouth in at. loggerheads with tho beastly press. He was asked upon his arrival in Victoria to give a the atrical porfortmineo at Ballarat, and has replied that he "rawn't think of it," be cause of the unmannerly way In which sumo of the Melbourne papers have refer red to his high-kicking exhibition in IIo- burt. They have been unkind and uncom plimentary. ho complains, therefore Ballar at shall not. even in the sacred cause of charity, bo permitted to behold ihe male descendant, of many earls eonvoluting In aceordeon-pleatcd skirts. Perhaps the real sting to tho pirouetting peer in these criti cisms Is the very plain indication they give that Tlallarat isn't going to lose much. Judged by the canons of art. Lord Yar mouth is said to come far behind the ave rage ToLtio in hi!', terpsichorean perfor mances. But probably Ballarat would no more swarm to see him as a high-kleker "per ho" than would Hobart. Tim attrac tion was not the quality uf the thing done, but the fact, that such a person should so far unbend from his high estate as to do It. If It were announced that the Chief Justice would put the gloves on with Larry Holey for the gain of some benevolent in stitution, or that the l'rimate would appear in his great cosLer sniig and dance, there would be a crush at the doors ut a certain ty. But the crowd wouldn't ho very particu lar about the performance, so long as the distinguished gentlemen named .'bowed good faith, and did their best. So, on the whole. Lord Yarmouth has some ground for complaint because the merits ol bis per formance were severely commented on. when, for just making any kind of exhibi tion of himself, tho people should have been thankful. The Canterbury Women's Institute 1ms resolved that It deprecates fashion plates and descriptions of dross. It considers that women degrade themselves and injure the Cause by reading columns upon columns of matter relating to finery in tho papers, and thus encourage weak men to go on writing them. It is unworthy of Lho dignity of In telligent women to continue this olTendiug, the Institute says. Probably every member or it who could manage to do so had before then laid in a few lovely tilings in summer wear, calculated to humiliate her sisters of the Mission and the Movement. And every one who couldn't afford this was thinking in her deceptive little heart about the coun ter bargains at this or that, salt; even as she voted. It. is ail very well to pass abstract ; motions, and -express stoical sentiments, in a general way. But men "love that, beauty should go beautifully." and beauty will do It while men have a solitary copper or any credit at the drapers'. Especially if she gets on top politically will the paper pat- torn aiul the wire "shape" remain powers In tho land 