TURF TOPICS. By Asmodeus. I have frequently thought that were one's ohoioe of sport limited to pony raolng, trotting or burglary, it would be an open question which of tho thrao possesses tho most fasoinating features. Theso so oallod "pastimes " have but one objeot in oommon, namoly, the furtherance of their individual ends at tho expense and aaqri- fioo of other people's money and goods. And the only difference in tho modut operandi is this— ono funotion is usually performed uhdor cover of darknese, whereas the other two ore oarricd ou in tho full glare and beating firo of daylight. Of burglary It may be said it is "bred to stay," and is certain to bo fashionahlo long after the taeto for trotting and pony ramping has nauseatod. Of late years the two last- named "sports "have led a prooarious existenoe. At present trotting is going the stronger of the two, while things are anything but prosperous with the lillputians. In foot, they are worse than this, being in a virtual state of collapse. As iB invariably the ease when ever pony racing is overtaken by one of its paroxysmal bouts, the V.B.O. is pathetically appealed to for assistance. Registration, and registration only, iB the panaooa which the ponies desire the Bourko-street people to supply them with. Its effioaoiousness has been experi enced on previous oooasions, but with no lasting benofit, as the Uliputians no Boonor begin to "feel their legs " under its reeuperative Influenoe than thoy kiok over the trnoes, and set the Y.R.O. at defianoe. Seoing the continued source of annoyanoes and trouble pony raging has oauiod the'govorning tribunal, it behoves that body to turn a doaf ear to the entreaties now being made to thorn. Pony raoing, with its train of ques tionable associations, is just now about as dead as ever Creaar was ; therefore, let not the Y, R. 0, lend a hand in the projooted reaurreotion oeromony. The ranka of the pony predators are depleted. Over 200 Yiotorian ponies have been driven Into New South lYales. The leading turf organisation is asked to bring them, baok, so that they oan be whitewashed. Let the varminty pests stay where they are, say I. If there be one horse more than another calcu lated to disturb Mr. Daklh's nooturnal reeum- bonoy between this and Melbourne Oup day, that animal is Ruenalf, a very likely gentleman indeed to propagate the ailment known to the profession as handioappers' nightmare. Gaug ing hiB form through Paris, to whom he con ceded 2 lb. and a heating in the Spring Stakes, Ruenalf has at least 2 st. less apposite his name than would be tho oase wsro he t'oberohaudi- oapped; No wonder, then, that Mr. Dakin regards the. brother of Patron in:the light of a walking spootre. It was Jeweller who ployed the ghost last spring, and right well did ho aoquit himself. It remains to bo seen bow Ruenalf will disport himself in the same rile. There ie nothing novel about this apparition dodge sprung on tho Melbourno Sup ; in faet, New South Wales freely praotisodtho soaroorow manoeuvre in bygone times. Perhaps Algerian oaused moro gonulno consternation than any other horse wbioh made a swoop from tho adjoining colony. Liko Ruenalf, ho got into tho Melbourno Oup as a 8-year-old with moro tlian 2 sb less than his spring running -at . Randwiok showed' him to. be entitled tor As a oonaequence ho paralysed tho betting market, until the suspicion of tho training ground sentinols at Flemington was arousod.' Those gentry are wonderfully sagaoious, besides being essentially hypororitieal. They are eternally on the look ont for loose serows, and tho anatomioal maohinery of Melbourne Oup favoritos offers a peculiarly favorable Hold for full dovelopmont of their talents. Suspioion led to unrest, and then the psnoii, which had previously observed a measured frigidity regard ing Algorian, began to operate froely against him, until at last he abdicated the favoriteship in .favor of Meteor. It is unnecessary to say that Algerian, with all tho immense advantage in tho weights, did not win. Will tho same tale bavo to bo told concerning Knonalf ? Alderman Keys is only ono of sevaral resi dents in and around Randwiok who combine the dieohargo of civic responsibilities with the train ing of racehorses. The' combination works admirably, in so far as it conduces to tho sobial and finanoial advancement of tho entire brotherhood, who are, > as a alass, many grades above the status of their Yiotorian confrires. It has frequently been as sorted that the sweep system in vogue in New South Wales is mainly accountable for supply ing trainers with the all important wherewithal to. pave the way to municipal honors. Thero may, or may not, bo- some affinity as sug gested; certain it is that Alderman Keys soooped in £1750 of swoop mouoy by Ruonalf's viotory in. the Spring Handicap last Saturday. As the shake itself won by Ruenalf only brought a profit of £88'to his owner, this is an eloquent testimony of -the ' magnitude of the sweep methods fu vogue in the siator colony. The re- sourooe are great when suoh a sum as £1750 oan bo offered' an owner for allowing a Melbourne Oup favorite to have a out for au £88 stake. In Ruonalf's osBe tho - arrangement has worked doubly satisfactory" to Keys, for tho simple reason that in addition to raking in a substantial stake— just half tho first mo'noy in the Mel bourno Oup— the Randwiok aldorman will be spared the pain And horror wbioh would bo . inevitable were he to have to sub mit his horse to the tender meroies of Mr. Dakin. Alderman Keys's reputation as an accomplished turf taetioian has been enhanced by the Bkilful style in whioh he has' so far engineered Ruenalf. To smuggle a borso into tbe Melbourne Oup 2 at. bslow what Ruenalf has shown ought to be his proper weight is of itself no mean performance, but to win a stako worth half the valuo'of tho Mel bourne Oup without any monetary risk or extra weight to -the horse is a strategical stroke whioh no other owner or trainer has equallod sinoe tho days of Algerian. : One by one tho more talented of tbe Cup hones ooutinue to reveal themselves in a manner whioh augurs unfavorably for the prospects of the , rest of tbe candidates. Theodore was the first to show the . ex tent to whioh his powers wero under estimated .then Steadfast won a race at Flomington in a stylo.whioh showed him to bo well in the Oaulfield Cup at 7st. 6 lb,, ineluding a 3 lb. penalty. Capstan was the next to unmask himself, and, liko Theodore, ho has about a stone the hotter of the handicap. Tbe Randwiok meeting added considerably to the list of horses who now ap pear as first mortgagees on the Oaulfield race. First and foromost aro Ruenalf and OheBterman, enoh of whioh would have a stone and a half more to carry were they to be rc- bandioapped. Mr. Barnard would doubtless liko to put a stone more on Isaao hod ho to re cast his handicap, aud horsos like Bnmarrab, Brocklelgh and Bruin would no doubt be raised a few pounds. "With the majority of tho fore going equally woll in the two Cups, it omens unfavorably for the ehances of tbe bulk of the horses who havo paid the initiatory acceptances ; but raoing is a funny little gams, and what oeoaiionally appears a certainty on paper does uot neoossarily work out correctly in praetico. At tho same time, if there is any virtue in haudioapping, the two Oups al preient appear at the meroy of about half a dozen horses. But tho eituation as far as tho Melbourne Oup is oonoorned is liable to undergo all sort of obanges between now and the day of the raoe. ; "Were backers in . possession of that potent faotor in rogulatiug their turf epeeuiations, owners' intentions, the doublo ovontore would havm'the opportunity of making somo wonder- fully'- 'elastio books on tho "twoOupB." For instance, were it certain that Ruenalf and Ohosterman will bo reserved for Flemington, what a number of riehereht doubles would present themselves ! Capstan, Isaao, Theodore, Bruin, Brookleigh, Paris and Lady Trenton would be readily oonpled with tbe two horses named, and if figures go for anything, it would be odds on the books gotting struok. The knights of the" metallio penolt have, howover, subtle ways of disentangling themselves from the meshes somotimoi east over by the most skilled and best Informed of bookers, and they would doubtless extripate themselves from suoh a dilemma as that portrayed. Iu view of the pre vailing uncertainty attached to the missions intended for Ruenalf, Isaao and Ohestorman, the amount of.the ".dead" money wbioh will find its way into tho books through theso and other aontingenoiea will not enuie tho pro fessional operators any apprehension on the presont ocoasion, and "round books" should be oommon enough on'oomparing day. It is extremely uulikoiy that cithsr Ruenalf or Ohcsterman will ruu any risk of jeopardising their Molbonrno Oup prospeots by sporting silk in tho Oaulfield Oup. Not that they ilo not possess equal ahanoes' of distinguishing them- boIvos at Oaulfiold as at Flemington; but tho fnoilltios for pulling off a "good thing" are much better at one place than tbe other. With an out and out stayer suoh as Ohsiterman has proved himself, a horse oan put up with a bit of bad luek in a raoe' liko the Melbourne Oup, and always stand a ohanop of making amonds for it by virtue of th« long raoing stretohes whioh pre- sent themselves. -Not so at Oaulfield, where> horse requiros to bo: advantngoouBly positiondd at the. home bond, otherwise it is "all up' with him, despite any pull lie may possess in the weights. Then, . again, the rioher spoils to bo picked up at Flemington are oaloulated to aot as an inoeutive to horses like Ruenalf and Chester- man. Marlbyrnong put up a new rooord on Satur day in tbe matter of attendance, and tbus added to the reoord smashing exploits of IValwa and Submission on the samo oourae. Undisguised surprise was manifested when Day of Graoo was observed to out down without an effort the field opposed to Mm ih tho opening event, tho performance holng in strange contrast to his running in the Northooto Handicap at Mooneo Valley a week previously, when his .jookey dis played suoh marked reluotan'ee to got away with his field,, -and subsequently aoted the part of whippor in to 14 horses all through the raoe. It was thought a question would bo agked, but tho steward permitted the " reversal of form " to pass in silenoe. Not that some satisfactory explanation would not have. been forthcoming ; so it was alike unfair to owner and horse that the opportunity to explain the two performances was not taken advantage: of. There was a disposition - to operate against Olypton for tho Soiling Hurdle Raoe, but after Topic foil and Marquis tired the favorite won at his loisuro. Things wero thought to have beon made so comfortable for Cherry Girl in tho 14.1 contest that 5 to 1 was offered bar one and 10 to 1 bar two. The odds on favorito met unexpected opposition from one of. tho latter let, the w, ell bred Guido, who won, muoh to tho surprise of some and disoomfiture of others who were deluded into tho idea that he was one of those who wore "not wanted on tho voyogo." Tho best laid sohemcs of men and mice sometimes go adrift, and I think this was a oase in point. Disparity afforded further proof of hor usefulness by putting down two hoavily backod horsos iu Yalela and Mainsheetv As on the oooaslon of a previous effort at Marlbyr nong, Mon Ami got rid of his rider at the first fonce, and among the remaining contestants in tho Steeplechase nothing was able to place Gunning Tommy at his top. In the Selling Raoe Yarmon was no more successful than when an equally strong order at Moonso Valley a weok previously,, and a royal plunge was afterwards made oh Bruin with much happier results. But for the dust encountered on tho return journey, the majority, of visitors had no reason to regret their trip to Maribyrnong. The well known NewZealand stud master, Mr. T. Morrin, possesses in Formo a youug matron who promises well to follow in tbe footsteps of hor distinguished compagnon de harai, the pcerloss Frailty. Formo'a maiden effort at the Wellington Park stud produced Forme, who oponod her oareer suo- oessfuliy last season as a ' 2-year-old in the September Stakos at Auokland, and lator on won the Weloome Stakes at Hawko'a Bay, a dual performance sho supplemented by winning a Nursery Handiaap at tbo samo plaec. On Saturday last Forms addod to. her laurels, by winning tho Hawko'a Bay Guineas; ' This un doubtedly smart' fiily has a younger half sister in Forma, who, three weeks to-day, Buceossfully imitated hor relative's' example by taking tho September Stakos at Auokland. Formo has thus begun her stud book oareer auspiciously by throwing Forme and Forma, tho former by Nor- denfelt, and tho latter by Hotehkias, Musket's giant son. Formo, by Sterliugworth from Pul- obra, is superbly bred. Formosa, dam of Pul- ohra, accomplished tbo uniquo feat of running > dead boat for the Two Thousand Guineas, and winning tbo Ono Thousand Guineas, Oaks and St. Logor. She was sold in 1876 for 2700 guineas, and the celebrated George Fordham said she was the best mare ho ever threw a leg over. Three weeks ago tho famous Wellington Park stud wsb enrlohed by the addition of two valu able foals, Sapphlro (dam of the Canterbury Challenge Stakes winner Bluefire) and Hazel (sister to Strathmoro) eaoh producing a beauti ful colt to the English horse St. Leger, the most popular slro New Zealand has had sinoe the death of the ineomparable Musket. When provision was made in tho new rules empowering stewards to deal retrospectively with horses whose running suggested anything irregular, it was thought that bye running would bo considerably minimised. Sad to relate, the extension of power to deal summarily with offenders has rarely been turned to aceount, and in view of the stolid indifference displayed by stewards, tho professional bye runner has be come daringly aggressive, and he oan daily, be seen practising his nefarious tricks with im punity. At the last Sandown Park meoting, for instance, it was palpable "to 19 ont of every 20 persons that in tho Handicap Hurdlo Raoe one of the three plaaed horsos had the top half of his head nearly sawn off ; in the Steepleohase another of the placed trio was submitted to a severo dental operation. . To me these things ap peared bad enough,' but some keener observer on he flat doteoted something he evidently thought was worse, for as the horses were passing tbe post ha intuitively oried out, "Police," "Polios" Perhaps things were not quite so bad at Maribyr nong two days afterwards, but in the ease of a horse who, having made himself conspicuous at Moonee Valley a'weok previously by running last all the way, dashed off the . mark and made an example of his field, I thought at least an ex planation ought to have beeu demanded- It Is very plain to : most people that stewards as a whole perform the duties oxpeoted of them in a very porfunotory mannor. Pink and bttokskin will honor members of the Melbourne Hunt, Olub . no. : more for sovon months, and to-day Mr. Goorge Watson's Nimrodian followers will ask the rank and- file of turf men— and turf women for- that matter- to go down to Flemington with -them for the purpose of oelebratiDg the close of the hunting season., They' do not' promise that thoir amateurs are equal to emulating the deeds of . the. Wilsons, the Ponders and Ingllaes of former times, bat they do guarantee amongst othor attractions. throej contests in Which the ploked talent' of . the Hunt will strive for Corinthian honors over the big fences .and on .the fiat; This of itself would no doubt be a 'sufficient attraction to many, but to the majority of people who will honor the V.B.O. domain with their presence this afternoon tho , predominant-charm will rest in the one mils and a quartor raco, for which no fewer , than 27 Oaulfield Oup horsee aro nominated. The possibility of soaing Carnage carrying silk in the same race will form an additional attraotion. It will bo remembered that in thiq aame raoe . last year . were eonoealed the two Oup winners, Sainfoin and Taraoola. Is history going to repoat itself? It will not be for want of tho quantity or quality of talent engaged if it docs not, for amongst the' 41 horsos ontored aro animals of - high class .in Carnage, Patron, The Sailor Prinoo, Tarooola; The Possible, Bruin,' Lord Randolph, Tim Swiveller,: Theodore, Straightfire, Gaillardia and Swordbearer. While a goodly field la certain to go to tho post, it Is perhaps too muah to expect ' to eeo 30 runnors, as was tho oase when Gorgon gained suoh an easy viotory ovor Moscow and Sainfoin, The innovation of sub- ' stituting a 2-year-old handicap for a selling raoe has yielded satisfactory rosults, no fewer than 29 juvenileB.havlng been nominated- Altogether the programme is the best ever submitted to the publla by tho Melbourne Hunt Olub, and things ought to be a bit lively within the classlo preoinots this afternoon. v , ' Bruin is the latest ; olainiant to Oaulfiold Oup honors to force his suit. People wero beginning to mistrust tho shapoly Gippslandcr aftbr ills recent disappointments, but oonfidonoe was restorod on Saturday, when ho literally out his Hold into mincemeat at Maribyrnong. It was such a remarkably one sided affair that onlookers wondered tho cause of Bruiu shaping so badly . in his previous efforts. I prosume wo' must asoribe his marvellously improved form to tho advancement made In oouditlou sinoe he took up bis abode at Flemington. Tho Bruiu party mako no soaret that tliey think their nog equally as good as the other Gippslander, Cap stan, an opinion whioh is shared by Mr. Bar nard, who has plaoed them on the same mark in the Oanlfiold Oup. I should take Capstan to be tho better stayer of the two, for tho plain reason that he is built and bred - moro that way . than is the Neekeregat horse. Bruin is muoh : the smaller and more symmetrical animal, band- somo aud stylish; and there is no reason why, hs should not get a mile and a half. At Marl- byrnong ho did a mile "on M3 head," as the saying goes, and looked like going half as far again without the least trouble. Then, again, : . he had no dunce to esoort him homo in Kron. borg, whom ho beat like a oommon park hack. By reason of rocent performahoeB Kronborg was supposed to have something more than an out side show for the Oaulfield Oup, but after Saturday! running he oan have no ohanoo agaiust Bruin. One thing about Bruin' is that he can be reckoned a certain starter for the' Oaulfiold event, which la more than can he said about Capstan, Ruenalf, Isaac and Chester- man. . When. Maxim died a short timo since, the" Amorioans ostoomcd him suffioiontly to casfj- theireyes Australian wards for another; son of Musket to fill Mb plaoo.. Thoy knew porfeotly well that neither greenbacks nor dollars would avail by way of iudueing tbo owners of Trenton, Carbine and Nordenfolt to sell ; it was thought Ouirassior would be the horso who would arouse Unolo Jonathan's oupidity, but whether or not overturos havo been made iu the. direction indicated, authenticity is given to the faot that Mrs. Jamos White lias been asked by oable to plaoe a price on Martini-Henry, and that she has named £3000. This is not an sx- ' travogant figure compared with the prioes asked in the English market for horses with anything like a decont pedigree and average . per formances. At the same time it would be a diffioult matter to iuduoe an Aus tralian stud master to give a, third of the sum asked. Australia would not deplore the loss of Martini-Henry, and I hare' no doubt Mrs. Whits will not be sorry if the' Yankoes agree to give her tho pries asked. Martini-Henry's suooess at' the stud liaa not been commensurate with hie prowess' on tlm racecourse; his opportunities at Kirkham havo been such as fall to tho lot of few lords of the haras, yet up to the present he has got nothing bettor than Donation, Mahoe, Mareo, Mons Meg, Sineouro, Litigant, Prelude, OorVette,' Arquebus, Solon and Aomena. Not a real good' ons amongst them. So far everything is couleur de rose for the Spring Meeting- wliioh opens at Oaulfield next Saturday. If any doubt existed as to tho quality of the oattle whioh aro to inaugurate operations on weight "for age conditions in the Oaulfield Stakes the samo was dispelled instantly the splendid array of names was published at the! commcuoement of tho weok. A field composed of Carnage, Brookleigh, Patron, Nobleman, Paris, Euonalf, Port Admiral, Fortunatus, For ward and Loyalty ought to produce a contest worth looking at. New South Waloa intcuds to be powerfully represented at Oaulfiold, as W addition . to the horses already named' from aoross the border, engagomonts havo been mado for Ohcsterman, Isaao, Lady .Trenton, Nightin'- galo, Pilot Boy, Euroka, Escapado, dSolae," Helios, Killiccrankie and several others. ' That selling raocs aro an abomination and a. menace.. to tho well being of the Turf goes, without qayiitg, and -but ;fot tho paltry duoats they ecotfsionally throw into the; exchequers of the proprietory, olubs, the vile apectqoles..tq whioh . raocgosrs have reoeatly been ,'trs»ted( . would : liavo. been obviated long ago. That triumphant triumvirate, Yarmon, Brooky and Cherry' Girl, have 'within the space of a week exposed the rottenness of selling, .racoa in its most repulsive, forms. Comment 'on such q debauobory of form, facts anil figures would, only tend to aggravate its nausooaineiB. .;-It remains to be- seen to what an extent thoirule recently framed for the purpose of . Improving the tone'of soiling raoes will eueeediS; The new broom will eweep for thoflrst time on Tuesday, at Epsom. 