9g JjF SF Jg , - \- .. ,, y | THE HQKROB OF J I STBDL1I BUB I a flr f a DOCTOR'S STORY. B old y/rw 1 was in my consulting-room one morning, andhad just said good-bye to the last of my patients, when my servant came in and told me that a lady had called who pressed very earnestly for an interview with me. " " I told her that you were justgoing out, sir," said the man, " and she saw ihe carriage' at ihe door ; but she begged to see yon, if only for two minutes. This isher card." I read the words, " Lady Studley." " Show her in," I said hastily, and the next moment a tall, slightly-made, fair-haired girl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than twenty, and I could hardly believe that she was, what her card indicated, a married woman. The color rushed into her cheeks as she held out her hand to me/ £ motioned her to a chair, and then asked her what I could do for her. " Oh, you can help me," she said, clasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner. "My husband, Sir Henry Studley, is very unwell, and. I want yon to come to see him — can you ? — will you ?" " With pleasure," I replied. ''Where do you live ?" " At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don't you know our place ?" " I daresay I ought to know it," I replied, " although at the present moment I can't recall the name. You want me to come to see your husband. I presume you wish me to have a consultation with his medical at tendant ?" " No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a medioalattendant. He dislikes doctors, and won't see one. 1 want you to come and slay with us for a week or so. I have heard of you through mutual friends — the Onriows. I know you can effect remark able cures, and you have a great deal of tact. But you U&n;'t possibly do anything for my husband unless you are willing to stay in the house and to notice his symptoms. " Lady Studley spoke with great emphasis and earnestness. Her long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bending forward in her chair. Her big, childish ana somewhat restless blue eyes were fixed im- : ploringly on my face. " I love my husband," she said, tears sud denly filling them — "and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him suffer as be does. He will die unless someone comes to his aid. Oh, I know £ am asking an immense thing, when 1 beg of you to leave all your patients and oome to the country. But we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you for your ser- vices." " I must think the matter over," £ said. " You flatter me by wishing for me, and by believing -that I can render you assistance, but I cannot take a step of this kind in a hurry. I will write to you by to-night's post if yon will give me your address. In the meantime, kindly tell me some of the symptoms of Sir Henry's malady." "I fear it is a malady of the mind," she answered immediately, " but it is of so vivid and so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body must give way under the strain. You see that I am very young, Dr Halifax. Perhaps £ look younger than I am- — my age is twenty- two. My husband is twenty years, my senior. He would, however, be considered by most people still a young man. He is a great scholar, and has always had more or less the habits of a recluse. He is fond of firing in his library, and likes nothing better than to be surrounded by books, of all sorts. Every modern book worth reading is forwarded to him by its publisher. _ He Is a very interest ing man and a brilliant' conversationalist. Perhaps I ought to put all tins in the past tense, for now he scarcely ever speaks — he reads next to nothing- — it is difficult to per suade him to each — he will not leave the house — he used to have a rather ruddy complexion —he is now deadly pale ami terribly ema ciated. He sighs in ihe most heartrending manner, and seems to be in a state of ex-; treme nervous tension. in short, he is very ill, and yet he seems to have no: bodily disease. His eyes have a terribly startled expression inthem — his hand trem bles so that he can scarcely raise a cup of tea to his lips. In short, he looks like a man who has seen a ghost." " When did these symptoms begin to ap pear?" lasted. ' "It is mid winter now,'' said Lady Studley. "The queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband; in October. They have been growing worse and worse. In short, 1 ©an stand thowi no longer," she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. "Ifelt l must come to someone — I have beard -of you. Do, do oome and save us. Do come and find out what is the matter with my wretched husband." "I wili write to you to-night," Xsaid, in as. Iriwrf a voice as I could muster, for the pretty anxious wife interested me already. "It may not be postible forme to stay at Studley Grange for a week, but In any easel can pro mise to come and see the patient. One visit willprobably be sufficient— what your hus- bana wants is, no doubt, complete change." " Oh, yes, yes," die replied, standing up now. " I have saM so scores of times, hue SirHeury won't stir from Studley — nothing will induce him to go jaway. He won't even leave his own special bedroom, although I expect he has dreadful nights." Two hectic spots burnt in her cheeks as she spoke. I looked at her attentively. " You will forgive me for speaking," I said, " but you do not look at all well yourself. 1 should like to prescribe for you as well as your husband." ' ' Thank you," she answered, « ' I am not very strong. I never have been, but that is nothing— 1 mean that my health is not a thing of consequence at present. Well, I must not take up auy more of your time. I shall expect to get a letter from you to morrow morning. Please address it to Lady Studley, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria." She touched mythand with fingers that burnt like a living ooal and left the room. I thought her very ill, and was sure that if I could see my way to spending a week at Studley Grange, 1 should have two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully thinking matters over, I resolved to comply with Lady Studley's request. Accordingly, two days later saw me oumy way to Wiltshire and to Studley Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waiting at the station. To my surprise I saw that Lady Studley had come herself to fetchme. " I don't know how to thank you," she said, giving me a feverish clasp of her hand. "Your visit fills me with hope — I believe that you will discover hat is really wrong. Home 2" she said, giving a quick, imperious direction to the footman who appeared at the window of the carriage. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and she continued : — " I came to meet you to-day to tell you that I have used a little guile with regard to your visit. I have not told Sir Henry that you are coming here in the capacity of a doctor." Here she caused and gave me one of her costless glances. " Do you mind ?" she asked. " What have you said about me to Sir Henry ?" I inquired. " That you are a great friend of the Onslowe, and that I have asked you here for a week's change," she answered immediately, f" As a guest, my husband will be polite and delightful to you — as a doctor, he would treat you with scant civility, and would probably give you littie4>r none of his confidence." I was quite silent for a moment after Lady Studley had told me this. Then I said : — < Had I known that I was not to oome to your house in the capacity of a medical man, 1\. might have re-eonsidered my earnest desire to help you." She turned very pale whan I said this, and tears filled her eyes. " Never mind," 1 said now, for I could not but be touched but by her extremely pathetic and suffering face, by the look of great illness which was manifested in every glance. " Never mind now ; I am glad you have told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband ; but I think that I can bo put matters to Sir Henry that he will be glad to consult me m my medical capacity. " " Oh, but he does not eye n know that I suspect his illness. It would never do for him to know.I suspect ! I seel I fear! but I say nothing. Sir Henry would be much, more miserable- than he is now, if he thought that 1 guessed that there is anything wrong with him." " It is impossible for me to oome to the Grange except as a medical man," I an swered firmly. 11 1 will tell Sir Henry that you have seen some changes to him, and have asked me to visit Him as a doctor. Biease trust me. Nothing will be said to your, husband that can matters at all uncomfortable foryou." \- Lady Studley didnot venture any fur flier remonstrance, and we now approached ihe old Grange. It was an irregular pile, built evidently according to the wants of the.dif- 5 ferent families who had lived m it. The building was long and rambling, with rows of windows' filled up with panes of ' -lattice glass. In. front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at this time of the year, presented a vel vety and well-kept appearance. We drove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a " moment later I fotuid myself in the presence of my host and patient.' Sir Henry Studley was a tollman with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline uose and rather noble face. His : eyes were dark, and his forehead inclined to be bald. There was -a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He greeted me with ex treme friendliness, and we went into the hall, a very large and lofty apartment, to tea. Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in theextreme. While she talked the heotic spots came out again on her My un- easiness about her increased as I ' noticed these symptoms. I felt certain that she was not mily consumptive, but in all probability She was even now the victim of an advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her than about her husband, who ap peared to me at that moment to be nothing more than a somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things seemec easy to account for in a scholar ana a man of sedentaiy habits. r Ireumrked about toecgebfthehouflo, and ' my boat became interested, and fold me:one or two stories of the eld inhabitants «of the Grange. He said that to- morrow he would have much pleasure to taking, me over the bufiding. _ " Have you a ghost here ?" I asked, with a laugh. I don't know what prompted me to ask the question. ' The moment I did so "Sir Henry turned white to his lips, and lady Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate that I was on dangerous ground. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had touched on & sore spot. I scarcely regretted having done jso, as the flash in the baronet's tronbl6d eyes, and the extreme agitation of _ his face, showed me plainly that Lady Studley was_ right when she epoke <5f Ms nerves being to a very irritable con dition. Of course, I did not believe in ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry's calibre could be at all under the in fluence of this old-world fear. " I am sorry that we have no one to meet you;" he said, after a few remarks of a com monplace character had divided us from the ghost question. "But to-morrow several mends are coming, and we hope yon will have a pleasant time. Are you fond of hunt: ing?" I answered that I used to be in the old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. "If this open weather continues, I can' probably give you some of your favorite pas time," rejoined Sir Henry; "and now per haps you would like to be shown to your room.' My bedroom was in a modern wing of the house, and looked as cheerful and as unghost- like as it was possible for a room to ba. I did not rejoin my host and hostess until dinner time. We had a sociable little meal, at which nothing of any importance oocurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sir Henry and me to ourselves. She gave me another warning glance as she left the room. I had already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. The moment" the door closed behind his wife, he started up and asked me if I would mind coming with him into his library. V The fact "is," he said, "I am parti cularly glad you have come down. I want to have a talk with yen about my wife. She is extremely unwell." I signified my willingness to listen to any thing -Sir Henry might . say, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfortably established in a splendid old room, completely clothecr with books from ceiling to floor. (t These are my treasures,' ' said the baronet, waving his hand in the direction of an old bookcase, which oontained, I "saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. " These are my friends, the companions of my hours of soutude. Now sit down, Dr Halifax; make yourself at/home. You have come here as a guest, but I have heard of you before, and am inclined to confide in you. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rule.. I don't believe in omniscience of medical men, but moments oome to the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind- to another. May I give yon my confidence ?" 4 ' One moment first," I said. "I can't deceive you, Sir Henry. I have come here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife's medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she bagged of me to come and stay here for a. xew days in order to render you auy medical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my way here to-dly, that she had not acquainted you with the nature of my visit J' < While I was speaking, Sir Henry's face became extremely watchful, eager and tensE. - " This is remarkable," he said. " So Lucilla is anxiousabout me? I -was not aware that I ever gave her the least elue to the fact that £ am not —in perfect -health. This is very strange— it troubles me." He looked agitated. Ho placed one long, thin hand on the little table whioh Btood near, and pouring out a glass of wine; drank it off. I noticed as he did so the nervous trembling of his hand. I glanced at his face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. " Well," he said, "I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. My wife scarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of , you both for myself and for her." " Then you are not well ? " I asked. "Well!" he answered, with almost a shout. "Good God, no! 1 think 1 am going mad. I know— I know that unless relief soon comes I ritall die or become a raving maniac." . "No, nothing of the kind," I answered, soothingly ; "you probably want change/ This is a fine old house, bnt dull, no doubt,, in winter. - Why don't you go away ? — to jthe Riviera, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine;? Why do you stay here? The air of this place is too damp tobe good lor either you or your wife. Sir Henry .sat sffentlor a moment, then he . sadd, in aterse voices— "Perhaps you will advise me what to do after you know the nature of the malady which afflicts me. Eirstof all, however, I ! wish to speak of my wife." " 1 am ready to listen," I replied. " You see, ' he continued, " that she is very delicate ? " 41 Yes," I replied j "to be frank with you, I should say that Lady Studley was con sumptive/' He started when I said this, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. " You are right," he replied. " I had her examined by a medical man— Sir Joseph Dunbar— when I was last in London ; he said her lungs were considerably aff voted, and that, in abort, she was for from well." " Did he not order you to winter abroad f "He did, but Lady Studley opposed the idea so strenuously that I was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to take quite the ordinary form, with her. She is restless, she longs for oool air, she gooB out on quite com days, in a closed carriage, it is true. Still; except at as an invalid . She h$s tofofonsC spirit--— I think sheWillkeepup until thedies." " You" speak of her being au invaiid at night," I replied. "What are her symp toms ?" " ' ' Sir Henry shuddered quite viaibly. "Oh, those awful nights," he answered. "How happy would many poor mor tals be but for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Studley had dreadful nights for some time ; perspirations, cough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest of it. 'But I must hasten to tell you my story quite briefly. In the be ginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dun bar. I should then, by his advice, have taken Lady Studley to the Biriera, but she opposed the idea with such passion and dis tress, that I abandoned it." Sir Henry paused We, and I looked at him attentively. I remembered at that, moment what Lady Studley had said about her husband refuting to leave the Orange under any circumstances. What a strange gam e of eross -purposes these two were play ing. How was it postible for me to get at thetruth ? " At my wife's earnest request," continued Sir Henry, "we returned to the Grange. She . declared ner firm intention of remaining here until she died. " Soon after our return she suggested that we should occupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when she made the request, of the infectious nature of consumption. I complied with her wish on condition that I slept in the room next hers, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This arrangement was made, andher room openB into mine. I have sometimes heard Iter moving about at night— I have often heard her cough, and I have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, jr given me to understand that "she required my aid. She does not think herself very ill, and nothing worries her more than to have her malady spoken about. That is the part of the story which relates to my wife." " She is very ill," I said. " But I will speak of that presently. Now, will you favor me with an account of your own symptoms. Sir Henry?" He started again when I said, this, and going across the room, looked the door and put the key in his pocket. " Perhaps you will laugh at me," he said, " but it is no laughing matter, I assure you. The most terrible, the most awful affliction has come to me. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. You don't believe in ghosts, I judge that by your face. Few scientific men do." '"/Frankly, I do not," I replied. " So- called ghosts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an over-excited or diseased brain." " Be that as it may," said Sir Henry, "the diseased brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. All my life I haye been what I consider a healthy- minded man. I have plenty of money, and have never been troubled with the cares which torture men of commerce, , or of small means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the happiest of mortals." " Forgive a personal question," I inter rupted. " Bias your marriage disappointed you ? ' " No, no ; far from it," he replied with fervor. " I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I took her as a bride to my armB. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow about her, but that is entirely owing to the state oi her health." " It is strange," I said, " that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for the same cause. Have you told her of the thing which terrifies you ?" ' " Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife should have-told you thai . I looked like a man who had seena ghost. Alas ! alas ! But let me tell you the, cause of my shattered nerves and failing health." "Pray do, I shall listen attentively," I re plied. " Oh, dootor, that I could make you feel., the horror of it !" said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into my eyes. "Three months ago I no more believed in visitations, in apparitions, in co-called ghosts, than you do. Were you tried as Lam, your scepticism would receive a-shoek. Let me teUyou what occurs. Night after night Lady Studley andl retire to rest at the same hour. We say good night, andlay our heads on our separate pil lows. The door of communication between us is shut. She has a night light in her room — I prefer darkness. I close my eyes and pre pare for slumber. As a rede I foil asleep. Mysleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspiration standing on my fore head, with my heart thumping heavily and with every nerve wide awake, ana waiting for Hie horror whioh will oome. Sometimes I wait half an hone / — sometimes longer. Then .1 know by a faint ticking sound in the darkness that the " Thing, for I osa clothe it with no name, ii about to visit me. In a certain spot of thl room always in the samespot, abright light suddeuly flashes ; out of its midst there gleams a pret ernaturally large eye, whieh looks - fixedly at rce with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; but as agony oounts,it teems to take years of my life away with it. It lades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it comas, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep hack screams of mad terror, I bury my head " in the bed' clothes." " But have you never tried to investigate this thing ?" I said. "I didat font. The first night 1 saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I Struck a light — there - wa8 nothing whatever in the zoom. " Why did you sleep in that room ?" " I.mustnot go away from Lady Studley. My terror is thatshe should know anything of this — my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing me, may visit her. 1 daresay you think I'm a fool, Halifax ; but the f act is, this tiding is killing mo, brave man as I consider myself.1' " Do yousaeit every night ? " I asked. u Not quite every night, hut sometimes on the same night it comes twiee. Sometimes It will not oome at all for two nights, or svon , three, It is the moat ghastly, the most hor« iible form of torture that oould hurry a aane man into his grave or into a madhouse." " 1 liave not the least shadow of doubt, X said, after a pause, 44 that the thing chn be aooounted for," _ ' - ; ' Sir Henry shook bis head. 44 No, ho, ' " be replied, "it is either as you juggest, a fignica of my own-, diseased Dr ain, and therefore just aBhorribleasa real apparition ; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, it is reality tome and hi no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my waking moments." " Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke I suggested. 44 Certainly not. What object can enyone have in soaring me to death ? Besides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. My outer door is locked, Lady Studley's outer door is locked. It is impossible that there can be any trickery in the matters' ' . I said nothing for a moment. I no more believed in ghosts than 1 ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave m'schief at wprk. Sir Henry mast be the victim of a hallucina tion. This might only, be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. The first tfcina to do was to find out whether the apparition could be accounted for in . any material way, or if it were due to the state of Sir Henry's nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into the case in all its bearings. I then Examined his. eves with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond donbt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brain disease. r t( Do you mind taking me to your room ?" I said. "Not to-night, " he answered. "It is late, and Lady Studley might express sur- f>rise. The object of my life is to conceal his horror from her. When she is out to morrow yon shall come to the room and judge lor yourself." ' Well,' I said, 44 I shall have an interview with your wife to-morrow, and urge her most strongly to consent to leave the Grange and go away with yon." Shortly aiterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the name of rest in that sad house, with its troubled inmates. I must aonfess that, comfortable as iny room was, I Blept very little. Sir Henry's story stayed with me all through the hoars of darkness. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I met my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that as the day was warm and fine, I should ride to a neighboring meet. _ 1 was not in the humor for this, however, and said frankly that I should prefer remaining at the Grange. One glance into the faces of my host and hostess told me only too 'plainly that I had two very serious patients on mv hands. Lady Studley looked terribly weak and excited — the hectic spots on hec cheeks, the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched lips, the long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which she was suffering was making. " After all, I cannot nrgethat poor girl to go abroad, " I said to myself. 44 She is hasten ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save her. She looks as if there were extensive disease of the lungs. How restless her eyes are, too! I would much rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity than to hers." Sir Henry Studley also bore traces ot a sleepless night — his face was bloodless ; he averted his eyes from mine ; he ate next to nothing. (to be continued.) 