sptmtism. (TO vuELlSorroR ov ths ikOTmisEu.) Sir,—Mr. Dcuuvan in nts apology for -<oi (foaJif'spintunSUiH)'1 'writes " If bad spirits em come, and X admit they do, good ones us the agent?, of Otod can conic also." In this age, and this dispensation, it may, or not be, that good spirits (angels), are God's messengers to many. But, if it be so, it is certain that the messengers of God would not—could not — attempt the impossibility of breaking the scripture, which suith, "Thou shait surely die," "The dead know not anything," " The living, the living, (emphasisincly rc-.terated) ho shall praise Thee," "Shall the dead arise and praise Thee':" The dead praise not the Lord, neither any that "go down into silence." Could they —(God's messengers)—by appearing as dead men alive essay to break the scripture to the contrary, their action would remind ono of the Saviour's words "Every kingdom dividedagainst itself is brought to desolation, and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand." Whereas if Satan's fellow fallen angels —who kept not tlieir first estat9 — but are cast down to Taitarns (in a physical sense the bounds of this material system, and within the atmosphere of our earth) and delivered them into chains of dark ness to l)e reserved unto judgment; if they BTiilr.«vnA.n dpceive mankind, to the effect that dead men are not surely d«nd~ as God assured t heir progenitors they should become—what is it but in unison with '-the lie of a liar from the beginning "Ye shall not surely die ?" If Satan perpetually reiterates his lie from the beginning, he is not divided against himself and his king dom over fallen humanity as "God of this world " he hath for yjt a little while, as it is written, " Woe to the inhabiters of the earth, and of the sea, for the devil is come aown to you, having great wrath, bccause he knoweth that he hath but a short time" (Rev. x, 11-12). Mr, Denovan hints that the P°or devil" is much discredited of late— \\\ hy not?—-AA hen the Saviour was 011 earth as man, with flesh and bones, He said, u Bcc?u«e I tell you the truth ye believe Me not " " ye are of your father the devil, he is a liar aad the lather of it. In .Matthew thirteenth we read Hit) disciples came unto him, saving u De clare (explain) unto us the parable of the tares of the field. He answered, "He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man (Himself), the vii 13 ™.rld; the seed are the chi dren of the kingdom, but the tares are the children of the wicked one. The enemv that sowed them is the "devil." Parenthetic ally I may here advert to Paul's testimony there anctfc, "for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light, (II Corinthians xi 14): and, also wh;!e on the subject of personality to faalatians I. wherein it is written of our Lord Jesus Christ, that " He gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present ?■ ™ V0<^ ' and again in first epistle of John. Ihe feon of God, was manifested that He, might destroy the works of the devil " Not only did the Saviour declarc the devii, but in His revelation from Heaven to His servant ; 'fc lrt,lhl'3 written "That old Serpent called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world, He was cast out into the earth and His angels were cast out with him," " that old serpent,' which is the Devil, and Satan," (Rev. xii, 9; XX, ~.) These are words which man must not think to eliminate but at his ?,t 'f-01 Ji 13 acicled' "If my man shall take . .ayiLomthe words of thebool;of thisprophecy God shall take away his part out of (he book of lite, and out of the holy eity, and, (from) the things which are written in this book." There is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous, so right here I subjoin an excerpt from the evidence ef one Signor Damiani, who, upon being asked by the chair man at a meeting of the London Dialectical j society—convened for the purpose of searching i into the truth or otherwise of "Spiritualism." How can you distinguish between a medium who is an imposter, and a spirit that is a liar f' l op lieu You eannefc distinguish, but ia that case, !t was the spirit that was lying. Mrs. Marshall (a "medium") would have had no object in telling me an absurd story about Livingstone being killed, and boiledrnnd eaten, and the explanation the spirits gave was this ■, u came here —they said-" out of curio Mty, andyouiound an impertinent spirit who S?. reIf at-y°V exPeDSe>"—Damiani— is " was simply the trick of a raga muffin spirit.' A Mr. Glover then described various phenomena which be had witnessed in thr presence of Mr. Home ("medium") "The spirits pointed to texts in the Bible." He (Mr. G.) made a cross in a circle and asked in tha name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, if the communications were of God, and the ™f He then asked i?f they ■neve of the devil, and the answer was " Yes !" Umnl!5'' Satan did it all to deceive men." Upon being asked by one of the committee "If spiritualism brings sceptics to believe in a here afer woud you still think it to be demonia of I ; repI'ed " Yes> for the object ttio If i. 1 m, Sefc you to deny the Atonement The teaching is contrary to the Goopel, therefore it must be from Satan " Uie ,nhl- U\?irnGl0Ver for Pepping us on to the sublime. Mr. Denovan writes :—" Remem brancer shouts 'devil, devil': • yes its the old cry he hath a devil and is mad,"' to which! perforce repudiatingly reply that I say not he a1, bB ^afc "* fear that that old as he di<1 F Satan, hath deceived him, from thi h -Ve'- ^SIS.8 him t0 believe l>is He ,w j beginning "Thou shalt not surely die" °£ U";,tru,h of God, "Dust thou art nd unto dust thou shalt return." Just as Mr. Hosk>nfis exhibition in Sydney, at which he produced similar forms to those of the 'JCissie," "Geordie" and "JoSe? I t'n10 speakme and Josephine waiting n SOme of the witnesses declaring that the forms were much more distinct than those which appeared at Mrs. Mellon's minccs TrreTt thTc, * Bpir"ualiBt's Point of view the anf > i e(lually and more so are the j tEe 'UfnJ n !'SBa^2MIIeM an abomiD^ion in vi J8 ; -f ?-°d- ■ Tbe7 have 8een vanity and lying diviaation . . . "Because ve have spoken vanity and seen lies, therefore, beho'd I xm,agTQ3tJnU* the Wd Go<3' (Ezekiel ,y-°< although Byrou said, or suntr, All nations have believed that from the dead A visitant at intervals appears," It is written "If a man die shall he live? All the days of my appointed time will I wait until my change eome." (Job xii*. 14). The which word "change" brings to mind Paul, "IBehold I show you a mystery, we shall not all sleep (the sleep of death) but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound and the dead shallberaised incorruptible, and we (that are alive) shall he changed." (1st Corinthians, it, 51-2). Reverting to Job. it says in the 10th verso, "Man dieth and wasteth away, yen, man giveth up the ghost (spirit breath) and where is he? As the waters fe.il from the sea, and the flood decayeth and drieth up, so man lieth down and riseth not. Till the heavens be no more they shall not awake nor be raised out of their sleep." True it is that it may figuratively be said of i Byron "he being dead yet spcaketh," which, I however, in no way deteriorates, the greater truth that he being dead, cannot speak, though doubtless at a seance, devils will deviahly produce their fac simile of him, if so desired, and will make him, although dead—therefore speechless—speak quite life-like, and mayhap "heavenly!"—They have ere now "brought up" Charles Dickens, of which more anon if desirable. In a standard work among "Spirit ualists " The Educator " a spirit vouchsafes the following:—" Everyone of you are God's mani fest in the flesh. The divine existence is one grand universal man." Another spirit says " when man became a living soul, he became a God. All living soul are Gods. They die not, (undertakers will discredit this). Go, living soul, rejoice in thy wisdom. Be a king, a God, a Jehovah. Look within yourself, read this inscription and thou shalt learn, that thou art a God in thyself, thine own judge." Does not this bring to mind that old serpent—the devil's first, recorded lie ? Those spirits say "The only true religion is a natural religion, you are your own Saviours, no man should relv on any Saviour outside of himself. Each and everyone is a Saviour as he is a judge, a God." In answer to the question, " Did not Christ die that through his death, we might have eternal life':" A spirit answered "No! Christ did not die that through his death we might have eternal life. (Hereby it would seem the spirits told the truth .iccidently, for they are the spirits of devils)— His death has no more to do with the remission of sins, than the death of any of your martyrs." Yet another spirit avers, "If man would become satisfied of modern spiritualism, he must first be satisfied that he is an immortal being." "The first, the greatest, and the grandest proof coming through modern spiritualism, is the immortality of the soul." "The visitations and manifestations from the spirit world are to convince you of the immortality of the soul." Hear the words of the spirit "Now unto the King eternal, im mortal, invisible, the only wise God, who only hath immortality" (1st Timothy, i. 17 ; vi. 1G). "I am the resurrection and the life" (John, xi. 25). Hear His plaintive appeal " Ye will not come to me that ye might have life." Which shall we believe Spiritualists or God's word ? God or the devil? "There is nc wisdom, no; understanding, nor counsci against the Lord" fPrnvprVm. \vi. Tliiq MimiB T f.liinl.- In iiiich the argument. Yours, eic., I REMEMBRANCER. j 