The Advertiser FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1894. YOUNG AUSTRALIA . On the subject of Young Australia en-<*> thusiasm is easily developed under any circumstances, and the surroundings last night were eminently favorable. The crowded Town Hail testified to the public interest taken in the Young Men'E Christian Association, which the jubilee celebrations are calculated to deepen. The meeting of a dozen shop assistants or clerks in the bedroom of one of their num ber fifty years ago was the seed from which has grown, not only a noble tree, but a spreading forest. Five thousand associa tions, with a membership of half a million, have sprung from that meeting. With such a record it is only natural for sanguine anticipations to be c^ppe^l^. And hence, both backward and forward, die view presented is roseate and glowing. One specific object of such associations is to make young men better citizens, and it is fearlessly claimed that whatever else they do they Bucceed in this. Accordingly the themes dis cus?ed last night were happily chosen. To develop true patriotism among Aus tralian youth is assuredly a good work. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Goremor by his comprehensive though rapid sketch of the growth and expansion of Young Men's Christian Associations, terminating as it did with an outline of the work which goes on under the auspices of the Adelaide organisation, furnished a suit able introduction to the addresses of the prinicpal speakers. An indica tion was given of immense, possibili ties that may be reckoned upon as the result of increasing enterprise and greater energy. It is in the assurance of such prospects that enthusiasm finds its spring and patriotism its stimulus. Dr. Bevan successfully combated the idea that the old pagan virtue, die love of one's country, in its modern form depends on memories, traditions, antiquities, and die like. It is true that in Australia we are not old enough to have many historic associations clinging around crumbling ruins and scenes of warfare, but with diem we can very well dispense. Some of diem are memorials of dishonor and relics of bar' barism that we are better without. Ths temper of die world is less and less in clined to dwell on die hcary past, while there is an increasing disposition to make the most of the present and look to the future. Love of country may become quite as intense from appreciation of privileges and opportunities as from con teuipiiittng the transactions of former times with their mixed and varying character. It is rather singular that the greatest! hindrance to the development of true patriotism among Australian youth was not so much as mentioned last night. This ia undoubtedly the provincialism that prevails among us. At present we have a cluster of states, politically sepa rate though geographically connected, aud without any really warinrmi bond. Accordingly local feeling if Etrongly aroused is more likely to degenerate into narrow parochialism than to rise into the dignity of a national sentiment. Not withstanding the vastness of our territory with its relatively limited population, to which the Rev. J. Berry alluded, the fact remains that Vic toria cares very little about the interior of this colony, and Tasmania has only a limited and languid interest in Queens land. It must be more than a little difficult for residents in the senior colony to be proud of being called New South Welshmen, and those who go as far as tliat are apt to go too far by becoming petty and prejudiced, as we have fre quently and quite lately seen. Betweenl the kind of patriotism which Dr. Johnson satirized, as the last refuge of a scoundrel, and that spoken of by Dr. Bevan, as such a supreme love for one's country as not only personifies and individualises it but produces warm affection and willing ser vice, there is an immense difference. The latter is needed by Young Aus tralia, but he also needs & worthy ob ject which nothing less than a strong and well- organised nation can supply. The simple truth is that most Aus tralians, young and old, love their country very much as an infant loves its mother for what it gets in nourishment and com fort. Something nobler is wanted, but for its production there must be a higher ideal. As far as we have gone, and from, any: standpoint whence a collective view can be obtained, Young Australia has much ground for self-congratulation, notwith standing the nascent state of his powers and the stage of adolescence in which his country lingers. He has achieved a world - wide reputation for physical strength, and has been complimented upon it often enough to make him vain, but he has also done well in other departments. One point which Dr. Bevan emphasised is of exceptional importance. A people that spends on literature three times as much in pro portion as the citizens of the United States and six times as much as those of Great Britain, must be intelligent and well- informed. Mental culture is both an evidence and an essential of high civilisa tion, and in a broad and seneral sense this is certainly a pronounced Australian characteristic. It might be added that in moral progress, capacity for statesman ship, and the general purity of public life, the record is one of which we have no cause to be ashamed. With so much in its favor already, {•atriotism is a virtue which may be expected to flourish luxuriantly on Australian soil when it lias a fair chance. As Mr. Berry clearly showed and powerfully urged, young Australians have magnificent opiwrtunities. The ball is at their feet. They have the advantage of being near the spring of national life. ISo rubbish of an effete civilisation has to be cleared away. The forces at work are at their initial velocity yet. The sun is rising and not setting. To Jive amid the ghosts of former heroes who have not left any successors, and surrounded by trophies which tell of ancient victories and modern defeats, must be as bad as dwelling in a graveyard. Our lot is not that, but the exact reverse. There is also the fact re ferred to, that as the result of long and strenuous conflicts, political rights with civil and religious freedom have been con quered. Hence the young Anstzalian stands on high vantage ground as com pared with his British forefathers. To say that he has full scope for his abilities and a fair field for then- exercise is truer than Napoleon's boast that every French soldier carried a marshal's baton in his knapsack. Hence the call to patriotic service is eminently reasonable. That call is always appropriate, but tJie circum stances of the colonies render it specially suitable just now. The celebration of last night will have rendered public ser vice if it has succeeded in developing this quality. __^_^___^__ 