PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The Rev Iiumu Robertson preached on Sun day on theDeBornt of the Holy Ghoiit, taking as his text I Ho words From tlio 2nd ch-i'pter of the Acta—" And when the day of Pentecost wan fully comb -I hoy were all with one acoord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from Heaven as of a rushing, tnighly wind, and it filled all ths house where tho'y wero sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues ns of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost." The fenst of Pentecost was tho harvest thanksgiving of the Jews. Thoro was a tradition that upon that day the law was given to Mosop. Upon this foaat ion' "" "IB d's9'P'pft (in number not less than 120) wet o assembled .together in one room in Jerusa'em. It was .the. first day of the weik, which was nbsB'Vrd by the dliciplop, and hence- fo-th by the Christian Ohuroh throughout the world, as tho Christain Sabbath, tho day being distinctive of Christianity by reason of our Lord's rssurreation. The disciples remembered that Jesus had told them to tarry in Jerusalem until they should be endued with power from on high, so they waited the fulfilment of this pro- jtms; and the saying of Jusus that they should be baptised with the Holy Ghost not many days .u1" answer came in the ponring out of tho Holy Spirit. The gift of the Holy Spirit is at the heri'age of a favoured Few within Christ's Uhuroh ; st is tho portion of all. All Christiana are partakers of the Holy Spirit; in greater or ese measure, The work of crinviotiou of sin is the work of the Spirit. Thb Spirit unites us to nab The Spirit is our teaotier. The Holy optrtt is our eanbtiliiir. Ho aids us iti prayer. IMa also tho office of the Holy Spirit to fill us ji»y nnd pe»ct> ; ne is (he other Comforter. L Preolou' gif' "f 'he Spirit is ours when we st. u - ").e Saviour- iias promised; — "If ye " being evil know how to give good gifts o your children ; how much mnre shall your tbatk H I""' K'V<> t'1 Spirit to thum 