TEE MAN IN TEE STREET. I think I shall bave a sentence stereotyped to tbe effect that there is very little to write about in connection with the street. For a long time past bave I commenced in this way, knowing full well that before I lay the pen aside I-shall have found something to say. And yet it IB often a weary task, .for truth to Bay the aspect of matters is not altogether too cheering. There are spurts and spasms of business, no doubt, but the merchants and tradespeople solemnly wag their heads at each other when they meet, and assume sad and solemn looks which are supposed to be in accord with the general depression. It makes me quite sad to enter their emporiums, even when I want something, because I am quits certain to bs treated to a jeremiad upon past events, present stagnation, and future prospects ; and when I know that personally I am doing all I can to make things " gee "—for I don't get mv goods from Melbourne—it rather riles me, and I feel inclined to recommend them to cut tbe whole business, abandon the capital and slide off to Traralgon or, Bairosdale, or Geelong or Coolgardie. or anywhere else where the prospects are brighter ! Touching the capital, how long is it going to be the capital if the inhabitants pursue the policy of groaning and make no effort to brighten up business, attract population, and so forth J There's the rub ! I have hinted that the storekeepers and other business men complain they have nothing to do, but when they are asked to devote a couple of hours for the consideration of some movement which might be for the ultimate good of tbe whole community, which might, in fact, prove to be a veritable mine of wealth, they find themselves so terribly overwhelmed with business cateB that they cannot leave their offices, warehouses, and shopB ! How many people, for instance, who declared that they had not taken "five bob" that morning, found it convenient to attend the sugar beet meeting in the afternoon ? Mind you, I am not advocating the claims of the sugar-beet industry, I am not an expert, but I do think that it spoke very little for the public spiritedneBB of the people that a meeting on such a subject, or indeed upon any subject calculated to develop resources, should have bad to be adjourned because of tbe paucity of the attendance. Xt is customary to affect to look down upon our neighbours, but I very much question whether there is a town, or even what a disappointed gentleman would term " a hamlet," in Gippsland that would have had, under the circumstances, the same thing said of it. But the gentlemen who were reduced to the depths of idleness and almost the verge of melancholy. madness on the morning of Wednesday procured such a mad asceBBlon of business in the afternoon that tbey could not tsar themselves away from the crowds of customers who came pouring in 1 l)o yon think this what Mr Ward would have called " sarkasm ?" Not a bit of it. Ask any of them and tbey will tell you the same story 1 Talking of dull times, reminds me that the wioter, which threatens to be severe, is rapidly approaching, I have noted in various district papers appeals on behalf of various pariBheH io Melbourne, and I doubt not but that they are sincere, But it may be well to remember that HB shall certainly bave a task before us of soccouring distress in our midst, I do not say thiB with the idea of weakening any appeals which may be made from the metropolis, where tho pinch is certain to be keenly felt, but solely with tbe view of reminding all and sundry of the duty which lies nearest to their hands. And I have nothing but praise to bestow upon one movement for the alleviation of tbe distress which exiBts, and most certainly will be intensified in Melbourne. It is that the children of the State Bcbools should be en- couraged to contribute, and a circular has been issued to cach of the State schools, wbich points out that if each school throughout the colony contributed £1 theamount raised would be .£2000. It is suggested that funds be raised by concerts, cbildrens' bazaars, contributions, etc., and the children can have collecting cards on application. As a rule children, and especially country children, are a light-hearted lot. It is as well that tbey should bs early taught the worth and value of charity, I trust that this movement, which was suggested at the Eastsr conference of delegates from the Victorian State School Teachers' Union, will be thoroughly successful. It is one which reflects tbe highest credit upon its originators, and is sure to succeed. I never suspected Dr Strong of any leanings towards what is generally known as 11 spiritism," though of course I know that in the eyes of a section of the community he has long been regarded as of a very hetsrodox .ideaB, Consequently I was surprised to read in the Argus that the other night " Mr D. M'Alpine read an interesting paper before the members of the Victorian Society for Psychical Research last evening, the Rev. Dr C. Strong being in the chair, npon the subject of " Materialisation," in which he described what he saw at several scances held at his own house and in other per sons' houses by two professional lady mediums, one of Sydney and the other of Prahrau. Mr M'Alpine stated that after every possible precaution taken against fraud had been taken, more than a dozen figuresappeared one after another in front of the curtain .which screened the "medium" from her audience. The figures appeared to be those of men, women, and children, one particularly frequent visitor being a small black girl. All the figures were clothed in white glistening garments, and many of them spoke to the audience and answered questions addresBsd to tbem. Mr M'Alpine himself shook hands with one of the figureBwhich - described itself as " Geordie Thompson," of Aberdeen, and spoke with a strongly marked Aberdeen accent, This figure ate a portion of a " bannock" which had been brought for it by a lady visitor. The little black girl, who answered to the name of " Cissie," also ate a chocolate 1 which was given to ber, and afteir conversing on one occasion for more than five minutes slowly dissolved before tbe eyes of tbe audience until nothing was left but a black smiling face, and then that too disappeared." It would be interesting to know what was the ultimate fate of the " bannock" so kindly pro-' vided by the lady. Barham I think it was, who concluded that the skeleton crew who drank to the health of Alonzothe Brave were responsible for a wicked waBte of good wine, which must have splashed through tbeir pelvic regions to the floor, and the Aberdeen ghost must certainly bave been hard put to it to conceal tbe Scotsn dainty about his ethereal person. But there is nothing at all new about the story of the little black girl who faded away until only a smile was left. In the history of. Alice in Wonderland, that most delightful of books, will be found an acaount of a Cheshire cat which Blowly dissolved away until only its grin was left, very- much to the discomfiture of Alice ! Granted that tbe whole story is true, however, it is a pity tbat the spirits have not something better to do than masticate bannocks and suck chocolate drops 1 They might, for instance, bave foretold that certain building societies were going to the demnition bow-wows, or that tbe banks were going to pop off like eo many roasted chestnuts, but they never trouble tbeir heads about.such Blight matters aB these. I have had, during experiences as a reporter. Boine little insight into spiritualistic mysteries. I had a friend once who was one of those prOBaic beings called Town Clerk, and be was a first-ratebeliever. He told me "seriously on one occasion that while he was writing that very morning si spirit hand passed before him, and dropped a rose sparkling with heavenly dew upon his paper, which, strange to say, was not wetted. And he volunteered to show me the rose, which he bad immediately locked up in his safe with a view to its produotion »t a seahoe that evening. Bat alas! when he opened the safe no rose was there ! He accounted for it by saying that the spirits were angry, and had taken it away cause he had intended to show it to such an impure unbeliever SI he oonceived me to be: in fact tbe aSairled to some slight coolness between us.. And I once went to.a --manifestation" at the Oddfellows' Hall in Melbourne, where a medium did remarkable things, and astonished agreat many people. Amongst other things he caused a gentleman present to receive s written communication from his deceased father, and.the recipient with great modesty remarked that he waB glad to hear that the old man was. getting on so well with his studies, for down below here be could neither read nor writel The olhcial —ohuoker out: - 'soon; settled,his business for bim I However. l oan promise a weloome to any select circle who will start in Sale and begin to- prophesy a bit about things we want to know, euob as who is to be tbe next Mayor, what to back forthe Cap- whether tbe Government will guarautee sugar beet debentures, and so forth 1 . :: On ssveral' occasions of: late .we have heard in this community of-the circulation,of anonymous letters. Sometimes they are .scurrilous, sometimes they.are silly, .always they are contemptible. 1 , The Rev. Ganou 1 Watson, of :St. Paul's-Ghuroh. Sale; received' one the other day. just prior to tbe recent bazaar, which is a fair sample of such: productions.' It.ran as. follows verbatim c( literatim- Sia,~It is (always so strange that you ojn always: manage-to get something particular on m your church when any other ohnrch as anythmg on noi especially Wesleyan: you. seems to. envy: them;- a much you arc. frightened they will draw your people I: euppose : ".mean-like o£ course.: :I myselE:-am a; Jttoinari'O. 'but I think - it is contemptible really Mr Watson you ought not to be so selfish. for a good man is always satisfled with a little troBting. you .nil look it over in future yours in haste . EOMAK Tbe spectacle of a Roman taking up the .cudgels for followers :of .John Wesley would, •inaeed be umque. hut what can beeaid of the jfolly of;the wrjter of.euch an epistle, which.; •by-the-way. is .written in a decidedly: - neat lady s hand 1 We have all amused ourselves with tbe story of the Irishman who advertised that he had lost an empty bag with a cheese in t 11 but the race bas notded out In a recent local impounding notice 'may be discovered that a- bay horse haa recently been impounded •• branded D on theshoulder. btrt thelraUdis not vis ble 3>Jo doubt the announcement of this interesting fact will lead to its prompt identification! ? The authorities prate about the suppression of gambling but it is jusfc as rife lu tbe community as-ever it was and the circular i" of the swindling sweeptsts are delivered J. J.—-jj ——r—t o^c- in *-»~b Ir jsnlily rec \ed i Ehoaf t fcr in& to a mi inf, w rd ooinp r ti n an 1 to jl consultation on the Birth1<vv O p and the lotto» nlich were r| n bore Victori n f-timp" and their cjn-, leil mutt have bi>en perfectly i ell IIDWB to tho) lul A tho it i 11 i am pli mat. 11, a m ckory of Kg shilioi tint Ih e £ rt of thing: t. i g on and f<ir Tme Br i a P t^r^ja haa bt't r call the attention of bis rati onsible c licaguec I (he matter g A letter appe re I a fiav r two tzom tbo Art»H- frniiwllch TebilUuLc tti» liberty of quotn). fcecawoil -concerns a £9(3 «an> of M li p I 1 II »n i li \ in n i I L sob a friend oft b> the bi pn'uia train And «ly*-— My friend puichksed > ticket Jor a ^oumev rf -oiei 1 3 little . 'vhi U takes over f i i ore I. arcomp isb at iU events it is I lit 1 r 1*1 ' I I 1 I til i r (he t no OLCulned m trvclliop tf nr ih t chir t nLe lit ii, lnste d of ihit, lie woslrastM' •into sTSOmi arlfotntnlrtfti} «rerorowds9 Immediately the door was looked Then the i3itUniahcdnti lit WoUiiEiQg tin uutartJJUU passenger wherever he could stuff bim. And to finieh up he had to throw open a compartment fesetved for ladies'to'all-comers; Surely the rolling-stock on the railways is notBO ecarpj.^a to necessitate such overcrowding and consequent discomfort to travellers on country trains; and as to the extra haulage occasioned by adding a carriage or two, I don't tbink the management is justified in saving it at the expense of BO much miBery.to people who have the misfortune of having no alternative when going up country but to get caged up in a railway carriage on this retrenched system of conveyance," Now tbe last time I visited Melbourne I bad the ill-luck to travel back in a second class carriage. It was Tuesday, and I suppose the Bheep sales had been on; at any rate the carriage in wbich I bad seated myself was just '.before the train started absolutely ruBhed by a greasy, frowsy crowd, who apparently did not care about inconvenience so long as tbey could enjoy .each other's delectable company. It was not a smoking carriage, but they smoked, and they used language touching their exploits which might have been very well addressed to a sheep, but which even made my experienced ears tingle, I called'the attention of a porter to the overcrowded state of the carriage, but he said the " train was full." One part of it, and one passenger was full indeed, aud it is to be hoped that the letter of the Argus correspondent will stir the bowels of Mr Richardson. CRABSTICK. 