The Cab-Driver's Story, By Mary Kyle Dallas. We all cave ournps arid downs, I suppose, I have had, I know. Once I had uot had a faro all day. nor, for the mattor of that, the day before. Porhaps, having grown a little ssedy, people picked out a Bprucor onbman. Anyhow, there I sat, disconsolate and wretched upon my cab floor, with my feet dangling ont, not caring how soon tbe end of tho world came, for, besides my low spirits, it was a drizzly, chilly, uncomfort able evening, when I saw a figure insldo the park that put me in mind of old times, and took mo back ta the country place where I was brought up, as a picture of it might. There was a girl there then called Lizzie Murray— a beauty, people said, with eyes as black as jet, hair just one mass of ripples, and a cheek ltko a peach — a girl who was snld to have the finest bust and smallest waist nnd foot of any girl about— a girl the fellowB fell in love with in the most sur prising way, I liked her myself, and she might havo done what she chose with me, ana men richer than I would havo beon glad to marry her, Bnt she thought of something higher than being a working man's wife ; and wben at last a fashionable young fellow, who bad come down to the hotel with other fashion able people, began to cast admiring looks upon her, she fanaied, I suppose, there was no need of being civil to common folks any longer, bo Bhe just cut us all, and for a while some thought .that young Bonton really was going to marry her. He followed her wherever ehe wont. He gave her splendid presents, and he seemed to worship the very ground she trod upon. Ho kept it up all summer long, and wben he went away she told hor friends that he was coming back at Christmas time to marry her. She believed it when she said it, and no doubt be told her so ; but he never onme near her again. Sho had been very proud of the match sho was going to make, and very fond of him, and she was terribly crushed down by bis desertion. After a while peoplo began to whisper and talk about her, too, and pretty soon the women of the place would have nothing to do with her. She lived with her brother and his wife in a little white-framed house in the village, and a good many people will remember tbe day they saw her leave that bouse— turned out of it in shame and dis grace—going with her baby in her arms to wards the road that led to the city. They had been as hard with her at home aa others were, and her Bister-in-law would never hear her name again. And no one knew what had become of her. Now that figuro in the park, sitting on a bench in all the rain, in its tawdry finery, with tbat strange look about it you can't de scribe, but wbich yon never see in good women, pat me in mind of Lizzie Murray. It was coarser and heavier, and it was not a young girl's figure, but for all tbat it looked like her, and it looked too, liko a woman who had seen terrible hardships, and maybe, had no home to go to. I sat wondering whether it wbb all fancy or whether Lizzie Murray had really come to thie. and yet looking out for fares all the while, and bailing every man and woman who went past with "Have a ride, sir?" or " Have a ride, ma'qpn ?" when I saw coming across tbe park, with a portmanteau iu his band, a fine-locking gentleman, who looked naif he had juat come off a journey. He looked like a fare to me. You get to know 'em at sight, and I got up and held the door open, waiting for him. It was raining sharply, and mine was the only cab on the stand, nnd I saw him hurry when he felt the drope. Dut just then tho woman on the bench sprang up and caught bim by the arm. I.saw her face then, and felt sure it was Lizzie Murray, and when he turned itfla8hed into my mind in a moment that if he had lived ao long, that Mr. Denton, who had wronged her ao, wonld hare looked like this. I saw that he was nervous about the meet ing, and that as he broke away she followed him ; and when, almost without a word, he stepped into my cab, she came close and would have spoken to bim again, but he cried out in an irritated voice : "If you have anything to say, step in. Don't attract the attention of everybody in tbe street. We can talk as we ride." And she stepped in. The look on her face as she did so mado me think that whether Bhe were Lizzie Murray or not, ahe was a very dangerous person. "Where to?" I asked, and he seemed to ask a question, "To No. — street, for this — this lady," he said. "Afterwards to No.— Madison Avenue, for me." Then he said harshly, for I heard him plainly : " Gome, say your say out I Yon haven't long to say it in. "What do yon want? — money ?" I heard her laugh, and then I drove on, and the rattling of tho wheels kept the voices from my ear, except now and then when they were raised a little, Night was coming on fast, and by the timo I reached the street he had men tioned, it was quite dark and the rain pour ing. I waB wondering how the numbers ran, and had not found the right one yet, when I heard the woman oalling me to stop, and when I did so, saw her jump out at once Bnd shut the door behind hor. The gentleman never stirred ; but I did not wonder at that ; he was not likely to be very polite to aucb a poor creature. " Is this the number?" I said. " No," ehe answered. " It's far enough for me though. Tbe gentleman wants to go on to MadiBon Avenue." Then I saw her by tbe light of the street lamps.'aB I turned my horse, walk away in an odd, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in the pools of water on the pave ment,- hor poor bonnet half off her head, and all her handsome hair dropped down her buck, as if tbe combs or pins had fallen out, " It's poor Lizzie Murray, certain," I said, and drove towards Madison Avenue, I felt oddly enough to think who had rid den in my cab, and that neiiher of tbem knew me. It was anything but a pleasant feeling I had to my passenger, thinking as I did bow he had brought Lizzie to be the poor creature she was, and remembering her such a pretty, light hearted girl ; and when I came to the number I felt bo mortified that it liras hardly in a oivil voice tbat I called : " Here you ore, sir 1" and waited for bim to get out of the cab, Dut he didn't atlr. Bp, after calling again, I jumped from the box and opened tbe door. My fare was lying against the opposite window, as I thought, sound aBleep, ''Hello, air I" I called, '' We're at No.—" Ho never moved, I eouldn't seo his face, but I put out my band to shake him awako, and- felt bim so cold and still that I was frightened. When I lifted him up he fell baok heavily upon tho Beat, and I felt sure something was tho matter with bim. It was a bad position for me. I thought for a moment what I should do, and then ran up the steps of the great house opposite me nnd rang tbo bell. A servant opened it, and a child came run ning out calling "Papa." That took my breath away, and tho sweet lady's face be hind in the hail. " ThiB is No. — ?" I said. " Yes," snid tbe man. "A gentleman told me to drive him hero. He's in the cab— 111, I'm afraid," I said. And I saw tho lady turn pale. " it is not my husband, Mr, Benton ?" she cried, And I said : "If Mr, Benton is your husband, ma'am, I'm afraid it is." Then tho gervant came down to the cab with me. My fare was lying whore I had left him, his bead against tie Bide of the cab. Wo lifted him out and took him up the marble ateps Into tbp. great house. Tbe lady pbrleked anddue child oried ; .ho nev«atirrad- Thofe waa blood all nver'hig vest; and when we unbuttoned It we fonnd that seme sharp, small kind of weapon hod been plunged into bio heart. It must bavo killed bim at once, tho dootors said. 1 think so, too, fori heard no cry. I had to give my evidence, of course ; but it Was not worth as much as a bit of paper the policeman found in the cab — a loaf of one of tboso trnctB tho street missionaries give to folkB who will tako them : a queer thing to write Buch words on as wero writ ten there with a pencil. These were the words : " I have killed tbo man who ruined me. Ten years ago be blighted my lifo. I've fol lowed him to end bis, wherever I met him, all that time. Thie is my first chance. I was n good girl wben ho came between me and heaven, His fate bo on his own head. "Lizzie Mderav." It did not tell mo more than I knew be fore ; but I kept all shut to myaolf , qnd was glad they did not find tbe wretched woman until one day a body was washed aahoro from the East Diver, and some who knew tho faoo said it waB that of Lizzlo Murray, I drive my cab still, and I've had hotter luek of late, and am woll off enough not to ait brooding often as I did that-evening. But I never drivo it intheavening but tbat story comes back to me, and I fed glad when X seo my fareB get out alive and well, or If it is empty and I am driving bnok, now and then I'll feel my blood curdlo and be balf afraid to look behind me ; for if the ghost Btoriea tbey tell were true, who knows but the spirits of tho two I bad for passengers once might come back to take a horrible rido there, as bad spirits aro said to come Borne. timoB. 