CUREENT TOPICS- Most certainly "Wrigglor Reid" ought to be put into a play, or otherwise published as a conundrum which no fellow over could or ever will understand. A3 all men whom utter digust has not warned off the "Reid columns" in tho morning papers know, this curious minded person has recently been down tho Riverine. His latest utterances were at Jerilderie, one of the 'agricultural centres of that great conntry, and they were, shall we say, some thing more erratic than usual. He wont down to advise and assist the farmers, and this was the sort of advico lie gave them. At ten a.m. may be, " You wore better off in 1891 than now. Yon were then getting 5s. 3d. per bushel for your wheat. You ' are now gotting 2s. 9d. JErgo, yau should havo lot the "old condition of things alone. A half-dozen of you should havo been permitted to supply" the wants of all the great pasturages about you, and your rates would have been main tained; Tho fewer farmers there are in tho country the better for it I Is . it not;! better . to hare twenty bayers .after, one farmer than twenty farmors after ono ' buyer?"- Huzza 1 surely after this, if not indoed a glory, hallelujah for the free-trade domocrat. The fower farmers the better, of course ; and what need of any, farmors at all if Californians on their ton-mile furrows, or Indian ryots on their anna a day, can supply us a little oheaper than we can produce ourselves? What need cither of tradesmen in the city, or British workmen comfortably placed any. where, if Japs, or Mongols, Indians or niggers can do the work a little cheaper ? 'Tis gonuine ont-and-ont free-trade, and quite worthy of the propagandist who gavo it utterance. Now, however, wo come along to 10.30, may be. And where is the propagandietgone? Astruightquestionis put, and let us Bay a straight answer given. This is the answer : "My great idea is to get men by their frugality to settio on the land 1" Did any snake of the wilderness ever wrigglo out of the old skin into the new more readily than this? Why, tho transformation . of Mr. Hyde into Dr. Jekyll was not mure speedily accom plished. And this is the politioian who is going to drag the Ministry of the day before the people, who is studying tho conditious of the settlors now iu order that by-and-bye he may meet their requirements. The busi ness is truly pitiful when seriously regarded. Did Mr. Reid never hear of tho fable of the mad wind that sought to blow out the moon? If not, ho might woll purchase a volume of juvenile verse, and peruse it. His own fato will be singularly like that of the wind when the election storm is over, and his reflections thereon not loss bitter. That is if the strangely constituted gentleman ever does reflect, which we certainly are not rash enough to assert. The old, old story comes to us from the Forbos country, whereto railway communi cation has so recently been extended. Reduced rates, say the Forbes people, reduced rates—main lino rates, not branch lino rates. And then follow a series of very ingenious arguments as to why these reductions should be mado. Say the Forbes peoplo in public meeting assembled : "Wo aavo £8 IDs por hundred on cattle and £S 15s l()d per thousand oti sheep by droving to Cowra and trucking thero. And further, our new line of railway cannot compete with team3 now carrying botweou Borenore and Forbes and Cowra and Forbes. And moreover, one of onr local metchquts has this week engaged teams to curry 17 ton3 front Cowra to Forbes, and, further, several others have ordered large quantities by rail to Cowra, aud thence by toain, saving thereby a freightage of about 12s to 153 per ton." At the first blush reasonable comment on all this suggests that a precious ungrateful set of folks inhabit in und about Forbes. Possibly, however, 'tis better to say that the Forbes folks aro only human. There novor was an instance of railway opening in Australia where enthusiasm was not fol lowed post hasto by querulous complaints. The terrible stage couch and the tedious bullook dray wore intolerable till the iron horso camo snorting in, and then suddenly they bccamo cheap and desirable, and for many reasons to be preferred. It is difficult, of course, for a man living in Forbos, say, or Nymagee to undorstand why ho cannot rido or have hie goods carried at rates proportionate to thosa ruling betweon Parramatta and Sydnoy, But tho Railway Commissioners can very easily supply good and satisfactory reasons, and to them alono we must look to do justice in this and every! other detail involved in the great concerns they control. Ono little point, however, docs crop up in this latest railway growl, which is that Cowra and not Molong was the proper point of departure for a Lachlan Valley extension. 1'iie trouble in tho Registrar-General's Do partment has been ended by tho dismissal of one delinquent who had boen guilty of grossly improper use of the information to which he had access. The other officers, against whom the Commissioner reported somewhat strongly, are to bo re stored to thoir positions. Thus at least oonsidera and reports Sir Georqe Diijbs, and it must ba admitted that he has allowed mercy to temper justico very reasonably. There had undoubtedly been gross breaches of official etiquette in the titles and Heeds branches of the department, and, as it seems, a sinning of the unnamed sin in the selling to outsiders of that which everyofliceroftho department was practically sworn to hold sacred and to protect. Still tho public do not require victims. It is enough that justice is satisfied, and that the documents deposited in tho building will be effectively safeguarded in future. Especially will a general endorsement be given to tho minute of the Premier, which thoroughly acquiesces in the report of tho Royal Commissioner that no blamo whatever attaches to tho present Rogistrar-Gencral. All tho laches which occurred in his department arose out of the ucgligonces of bygone times and bygone chiefs. Since the accession to office of the present head of tho department no effort has been spared to study both absolute security of all trusts, and therewith tho pnblic convenience. —i Most readers of Marryatt are familiar with tho story of the " Devil's Dumplinga," but tho cook's fato in that tragedy was not so fearful as that of the /Russian guests at a St. PetcrBburgh dinner the other day. As a sort of ontrde di diabio a dynanuto cartridge was servod, which, being very well prepared, exploded exactly to time, aud made an end, or rather many pieces, of the wltolo party. Accounts differ ns to the cause or purpose of the ex plosion, but there can be no two opinions as to its originality and thoroughness. We seem nowadays to havo forgotten or lost the subtle preparations which preceded a glass of wine with Ctcsar Borgia, but Russia dovolops marvellous substitutes. Those thirty odd officers and others who were dragged out dead or to die from tho Imperial banquet are hardly 'cold when this second grim tragedy occurs. Tho former were said to have been killed by poisoned moat, and we will not query that saying ; it is ominous and significant enough. What, in deed, is tho uee of- querying in any way tho. . meagre. :facts which come out to us about such opisodea as this? They stand grim and bodefjil in all their ghastly baldness. They are signs of a time which surely cannot endure. Thoy arc born out of con ditions which aro againat humanity, out of the suppression of all normal Human instincts, desires, ambitions, out of the fettering down of a nature strongand irresistible and terrible iu itsoutbursts as Enceladaus. Theyare only, it is true, symptoms of what 'may be, but woe ho to those by whom offences como when that upheaval realty takes place. The bodes were not mistaken of old when Sheeted ghosts Did squeak arid gibber in tho stroots of Rome. And do no ghosts squeak and gibber now through the streets of holy and imperial, uncompromisingly Muscovite, Russia? Hu manity is chiefly concerned with tho ques tion: Will they goad the Czir at length into an "Arm ! Arm ! and out 1" which will ulti mately accomplish hie own downfall, but prior thereto plunge half tho world In war? 