NEEDLES: I "Short, Sharp, Shisy." "Hallo! good gracious, Freddy, what's the matter ?" " Ob, it's all righb, old chap! I've just been talking to Miss Snubson, and she alwayB makes a fellah feel so deuced small, donoherknow!" War. Warm. Bright. Cricket. Cycling. Cyclorama. Parliament. Bravo, G iff en. Double suicide. Colliery .accident. Toms got bushed. An exciting-game. Narza-baza sports. Royal Trinopticsn. Bireat-Birkenbead. Disputed boundary. Coiners imprisoned. Aecident-at Milang. Municipalelections. \ A oase of snakebite. " The Shaughraun." Sensatioi*>at a bank. A fastidious council. A German orchestra. International cricket. Anarchism in London. Maryborough mystery. Two vessels in trouble. Explosion in a colliery. Priaonhulk "Success." A peculiar divorce case. A strange'hallucination. Sensationabdivorce suit. J Lord Rosebery criticised. ! More working men's blocks. "Musical myBtioal marvels." Children's Hospital lawn fete. Heavy gales off New Zealand. Well done, Sonth Australians. A bank-accountant bowled out. Pamir question amicably settled. Reedman and Giffen scoring well. Welcome to Gommodore'Munton. ■ Suppression of betting in Sydney. Burning fatality at Port Adelaide. An appeal for the Prison-Gate.Brigade. Legislative Councillors fighting "ghosts." Iaide eIderIy man aevere3y burnt at Port Ade L<mdojfnarClliS(' b°nQb f°Und 'in 036 Sl,rand> to-nighf9 °f programme a6 fcba Theatre Royal Monday1768*1 f°r tramway companies last makers'"0 ^ cyc,ists—"Blessedare the pace 14^1iL th8 pbi,os°p,ler'idied on November TMsdayASS9mbly WaS talfaitive bub dull on SnSiwSd?b'"'d°Md !»»« ™U *» "» .up™al„yVd°y.tl'a ,taSSte "" d"po"d lSSwtert.yb°°,d ,h0 F"°z R""°" AfShSJS Btiu. NOTzS2dT£d.°meert 0onpM,r 1,3,8 Narza-Baza sports at the Old Exhibition Grounds on Saturday. -^-muition A lawn fete at tbe Children's Hospital this afternoon and evening. p DUIS An attractive programme for the Narza Baza sports on Saturday. rI„£"'e-ntjy miners killed by an explosion of fire damp in a colliery at Wiese. The traffio on the Gl'enelg lines on Mondav amounted to 8,000 passengers. • Fbe Councillors took a Iivelv interest in yesterday's cricket. ■?ap??nian stringy bark blocks sold at £6 and £o 5s. per 1,000 in London. Melbourne Presbyterian Assembly sitbim nder a moral thundercloud." Mr. Snell thinks he can reduce his own Mel bourne record by 10 or 12 hours. Herr Vollmar leaves with the Cyril Tyler Company for New Zealand to-day. The Russian popolaoe to be permitted to kiss the hand3 of their dead monarch. Councillor Sellar annoyed because he oould not fire off his little speech yesterday. Chinese favorable to the United States act ing as arbitrator in the Corean dispute. Salvation Army appealing for practical sympathy for the Prison-GateiBrigade. Mr. A. .T. Hunter did hisvride from Adelaide to Port Augusta in 19 hours.14 minutes. South Australia only wanted 61 runs this morning to win the international cricketmatch. Sir Charles Lyell, the geologist, was born on November 14, 1797, and died on February 22,1S75. Commodore Munton met with an en thusiastic welcome from his brother yaohts men yesterday. Mr. John Bramston, C.B., Assistant Under Secretary for the Colonies," was born on November 14,1S32. Mr. Solomon thought "something had escaped from the Zoo" when Mr. Grainger interrupted yesterday. Lord Rothschild is training zebras to run in harness. One has been driven in a dog-cart through London streets. The costs of advertising and clerical work in connection with the liquidation of the Federal Bank are under 1A per cent. Scotland claims to have the highest factory chimney in the world. The Townsend shaft at Port Dundas is said to be 468 ft. high. The famous vine at Hampton-Court Palace, which is 126 years old, last season bore 1,200 bunches of grapes. The fruit belongs to the Queen. Out of the £7,000 charged by the Federal Bank liouidator over £2,200 are disbursements and fees'paid and £2,500 are coafes_ incurred by the action of the late Melbourne liquidator. The second officer of the Wairnrapa to thei captain—"You have no bnsiness to go like this. Yon should slow down and turn her round." Second officers always talk like this " Huh !" exclaimed the first little girl, after she had heard the story of the fall of man, " the serpent couldn't tempt me with an apple. I don't like apples." " But," argued the second girl, "s'pose somebody told you not to eat apples ?" He—" Suppose, darling, I was like one of those husbands who always come down late in the morning and then grumble if the coffee should happen to be cold?" She—"Well, dear, I should make it hot for you !" He is still wondering whether she meant the coffee. A young Irish lieutenant going out to India with his regiment, writing home about the country, says:—" The climate is magnificent, but a lob of young fellows come out here and drink and eat and 'eat and drink and die, and then write home and say it was the climate that did it." 