[CorvsnnHT.] TALMUTD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, BY fly (VAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXII.-(COreiNUED.) Now that I was getting familiar with their faces I did not have the same repellant or repugnant feelings towards lthemr. W\'hen I at dowrn they began to converse in a language which was even nuore strange and unfamiliar to the than themselves. It sounded more like the chatter ing of Ilindoos from the Himalayan slopes than anything else I can compare Ito it. It was not, of course, possible that I should understand the words, Iut the gestures which accompanied themi told mIe I was the subject of the conversation. 'The bearded mnai motionedtl me to lie down, alnl then his companion pIro duced what I ightly tlook to lie food. IP'lacing a small portion of it in his mouth he handed me the remainder. It looked like ground seeds and was containedl in a shallow vase of what I thlought was glass, but which I after wards fountl was a lbeautiful flake-rock crystal. lthe mixture was perfectly white andl ground like flour. SI was iundoubtedly hungry, atnd as I ate the food the thought occurred how I could have existed so long supposing the Ipecriod was as I believed since ily swound-withoutI food. 'The (hantity given me was very large, but I eat the whole of it and felt very much better. " From sometlhing resembling a bottle of white glass 1 took a drink of water, and afterwards the tall man gave mie a small fragrant of herb, or rather lie placed it close to lily nose, and as I in haled the scent it had a somniolent ef feet. As I dropped off' to sleep my visitors departed. " Whse I awoke the first mant whom I had seen was standing beside mue, and lie commenced talking in the same strange language whvlichl 1 had previously heard. He several times pointed to wards the spot whence he and his com panion used to enter and depart. I gathered from his actions that he was inviting me to accompany him, and sitting up on the couch 1 signified my willingness to do so. " I felt perfectly strong now, and was indeed glad of a little-exercise. Lead ing the way like a ghost I saw tlhat at the side iily visitors entered and de parted there was a small exit. It was so arranged that it could not be no ticed until mostly on it. From this a numiber of huge steps led downwards. There nmust have been nearly one hun dred, and when the bottom was reached an ininense space stretched iout. "A dull light penetrated the place, though how or where it came friom I did not at the time knowr. It seemned to me that we must have gonle about four tmiles through winding passages and vaulted cnaverns sometnimes down eardtls and as frequently ascending, when altiost without warning save for a queer inoise I heard we came on the shores of a great subterranean sea. I was utterly astounded at the extraordinary sight. ThJ'le waters sparkled almost as if the sun wtere shlining on theam, and even to lisy unaccustomed eyes vision was easy for fully a couple of miles around. " A low beach ran round the watery expanse and the sands glittered as the slight waves rolled in upon thenm. As I afterwnards saw, the beach was entirely composed of disintegrated granite and thle bed of the buried sea was of tie same material. The cup of miy as toneisahmentswas, however, filled when I noticed thaton the sea were numerous fantanstically shaped canoes--or rather boats-like Malay proas, or the canoes used by many of the South Sea islan ders. Sonme of these had one and others tio or three occupants, who were clad in a liglht-fitting brownislh mate ni C.'' "\When we first saw you," exclaimed Stanley, recotering from his surprise, "you were dressed in the same manner, I think P "Ys," continued O'Malley, "the g::0 :''nas you saw on me were similar ii. a- I noticed worn by the boatmatn \- .. 'range sea, for afterwards I tf my time-as befitted one I; ,,.:,i tie sea-on the sublter ''is I chhled it. sit inaii for the opposite te s water, blut as far as I ait strtlicid further still. W:' d n on the sands, my guide lest 'e 1n' to tIle nsearest cnaoc--or ralth. . cspanleied Ise towards it ! Ir. c·1. li nro know wslat its occs w. r· doing on that byuried sea. achd the triter I ilssinctively a Ii' p lmia of tty hlaiid teith the I ristcd it. Guess tuy surlarise incl slt iT as ta e fcrlltv fresh." 'ams o.uine un.rstantd that. If it 'ot (nI somsse vAst indergeoumdn 1ff eth ler existing ott the 'siut as- get our artesaian teAlnts rtmaed. ·. -- i a t s rtls-ian wells the 1 -'ittht olmeg piiisaped. S - -a t--it sm,, nst fnr that?" nOo er-ir Iromat thich it th s on a ligler lerel, of ciutrse," \-- 15-5 nla - -usscl a lace as O'alful lIy mitbses lie isi a higher level thant 1tom inuruiditig couuitmv ?' persistid 11I is quite liostille," Mills reislied. imh 'Flat s ie dsesribed msay lac iiider isat a~sI -'it rainge-or rather tmidivay its list isoutti or it may be that such raists oni a smite tisaiy litndreds of mailei -nv-y froth thse central dejsretsion of the continent. If so you can under stand what the fall would b2, and how a bore sutink at the lower level would overflow if it tapped a stream which had its source at the high level further back the slope." "Another proof of these subterranean fresh-water lakes is the fact that in some of the few artesian wells yet sunk small fish have come to the surface of b species never before seen. 'They have been nearly white in colour and almost blind. When exposed to the action of the sun they have changed colour like a chamieleon," Strangway added. " I have seen that with mlly own eyes," the squatter emphatically added. " When I put down the well in the horse paddock at least half-a-dozen such fish came to the surface. They were per fectly blind, so far as we could see, but that would be accounted for by the pro bablility that the narrow channel from which they travelled from the main re servoir would he quite dark. There are a couple of them over there," he continued, pointing to two dried pisca torial specimens on the inantle-piece. " We had them preserved.'" " That brings me to a remarkable point in my narrative, and which I will detail to-morrow," concluded O'Mallcy. CI-IHAPTER XXIII. SUIITiERRANEAN FISirEnRaIEN. " Can you niot continue your wonder fiul story this morning ?" Squatter Mills asked O'Mallecy at breakfast. "VWe are so anxious to hear it that we can scarcely wait until evening," he added, with a laugh. " Yes, do," Mrs. Mills pleaded. "Of course I will; but our two friends are not here yet," the narrator said. " We will get them in a few mo iments," Mills replied, as he went out of the room for Stanley and Strangway. WhVlen he returned wvith them they found O'Malley examiining the fish which had conic from the artesian well. "I think," lie added, laying them down, " that I have seen similar fish to these in the buried sea I spoke about last night. Th'lecy are trout-shaped, though imore elongated, but the ones I saw were niot blind. " When, as 1 told you, I saw the ipeople in the canoes I was doubly as tonished. First the surprlise of seeing over a hundred lhuman beings pale as my guide oin the water in boats was al most overwhelming, and would pro bably have been quite so had it not been for previously seeing the two Ipale beings in mny sick chamber, as I may call it. " The nest surprise I got was to find these men were-like Peter and James of holy memory-fishermen. As I eagerly watched the boat nearest me I saw that whilst some of them had nets others used small reeds like spears, and the place seemed to team with fish. Some were of a reddish-brown colour, but the greater part were white. I signified my desire to see some of them at closer quarters to my guide, and he, making a signal to one of the boats, it came to the glittering strand. ThIe occupants were two men not un like miy guide, inasmuch as they were clean shaved; hut, as I have already -saidl, their dress was somewhat different. lcThey looked keenly at muse with their dark pink eyes, but certainly did not evince half as much curiosity ht my ap piearance as I did at theirs. 'tihey were almost as phlegmatic and fateful as an llnmdoo or an American Indian. " Stepping into the boat, which would have comfortably held half-a-dozen adults, the two men paddled out to the spot they had just left and again re sumed their occupation. As I looked over the side of the small craft I could see dimly a fish occasionally swim by, but those in the boat with keener sight invariably speared them in the most dexterous fashion. Qtuite a num ber of rish lay in the bottom of the canoe. None of them were large, though some shaped like a salmon trout could not have been less than tS inches in length. " As I became accustomed to tihe sight I looked upward almost expect. ing that I would see the sun's rays streaminlg down, but that did not meet my vision. I could, however, not fail to notice that in a hundred directions there was what mnight be called reflected light, which to some extent illumined the seascape. " I knew suflicient of the rudiments of optics tp understand that in the first instance that light must have conme from the sun, but how it was conveyed and distributed was long a mystery to me. Furthermore, I began to realise that the mysterious place I was in was almost as well ventilated as though it were on the surface of the earth. This was another riddle to me. 'Ihen hour diii these fish obtain their food? I 1sicked u01 one from the bottoni of the boat arid carefully exainined it. I f'umnd that it iras in excellent condition, and later on when I isartook of some it proved most delicate and iralatable. " Not understanding the language of tire subterranean residents I was, of course, at a great disadvantage, as I could not make inquiries, but later on it was all mssade plain. P Presently I heard a babble ofsourrd :siout me, and I saw on turning riy head that tire ishers urere all mnakirrg for tire beach or shore. Our boat was also pulled irs and the twro irren pro ceeded to pack the fish into a kind of white rush baslet. 'I'The scene on tire beach at this time was one of great animnation, as all tire occurpants of the canoes were gathering up their spoil arid preparing to depart. I asked my guide in English what it all mseart and where they were going, but hie only stared blankly at me and said somc thing in his owsi tongue which was as unintelligible to moe as mny questions were to inim. " As soon as tire crowd had departed -which they didiin a direction otrirosite to that in which we carrie-my rIysteri ous guide went after them and I fol lowed. Walking round the beach for more than a mile a broad passage-or rather high road, if it might be so called -was reached, and we turned ilnto it until we came to another space. It seemed to be as large as the sea, whlich we had just left, in area, but, unlike the latter, there was no water in it. On the contrary I at once guessed that it was the site of a town or village, though no hlouses or public buildings in the sense we mean were to be seen. lHun dreds of screens of various sober colours were dotted over the space, andl in the centre was a large clearing. To this the crowd of fishermen rmade their way, and with my guide I followed. " In a few moments after our arrival the tall, dignified man with the lengthy beard whom I first saw in the sick chani her made his appearance, and I noticed that he was treated by all with respect ful reverence.. Fronm out the screens a large number of people gathered, and amongst them were women and chil dren. The latter were quite nude bIut the females were almost as closely robed and veiled as the female followers of Mahomet. This was another sur prise to me, for it was becoming evi dent that I had fallen in with a race whiter than the Caucasian yet with Oriental customs. " Placing the day's haul of fish in the square, the bearded man stood in the centre silent, whilst in an incredibly short time the whole of the fish was dis tributed amongst the assembled crowd, and apparently on some recognised system. "There was little noise or confusion, and in less than half-an-hour the fish was distributed and the crowd dis persed. Then the chief-for such even then I supposed him to be-came to my guide, and, after a short conversation, the latter led me towards one of the screens I have mentioned, about two hundred yards away. On lifting it I fotund that it contained a bed or couch not unlike the one which I had rested on in the sick chamber, and also a curious and beautiful granite table. This consisted of an oval slab and it was resting on legs ending in tiger's feet. I could not quite understand whlere these people could have got the original model fronm to sculpture these feet from, and as my guide silently left mile t sat down on the couch and began to theorise again. " In ily young days I had read the advlenlures of Sinbadl the Sailor anid other romances pertaining to the then half-unknown Orient, and actually be gan to imagine that by some means 1 1had been transported out of Central Australia and dropped in thle land of Mahatmas and Genii. "Strange peolple, it was currently re ported, lived in the caves of Thibet and in the mountainous gorges of the Soutlhern I-Himalays, and pierhaps a miodern Roec or a Ilavatsky spirit had seized me from the clutches of the Aus tralian blacks and taken me off." " W'ere you not frightened of in jury ?" asked Mrs. Mills at this julnc ture. " L cannot Ihonestly say I was. I don't know why I should not ihave been, but I daresay it was on account of the general manner and bearing of the queer Ipeolple whonm was amongst." "I suppose you were the centre of attraction and curiosity by the women and clhildren in the Billingsgate nrar ket ?" Mills said, with a laugh. "No; they scarcely took niotice of me, and then that was another sign to my mind of the eastern origiln of the people If they stared at me they must have done so surreptitiously, for I did not notice them, and their mianner was full of decorum. "Of course I ant narrating my story just as events happened to mse. I could easily anticipate by the light of imy sub sequent knowledge, if I choose to do so,.but it would only spoil tihe history. "As I was thus miusing the screen was lifted and my guide entered with some beautifully cooked fish. It had been stuffed with some of the floury materials I had previously eaten. This was mixed with fragrant herbs and the whlole then baked. "I could not understand how tlhis was done, for throughout my rambles I had not noticed the least sign of fire or smoke. I tasted the fish, whir.h I found to be delicious, and as there was a large stone basin of fresh water in the place I made an excellent meal. In addition to the fish there were some flat, biscuit-shaped pieces of ground vegetablle smatter which tasted not usn like potato cake. " VWhen I had eaten the meal I againl felt the drowsy languor stealing over mle, and a few minuites later I was lying on the bed asleep. 'The fragrant smelling herb I have already spoken of Imust have been a powerful soporific, for my slumbers lastedt' until next day. "I was already able to distinguish night fromnt day, for the latter though not dark was much more twvilight-like thais when the sun was shining. It was ziot long, in fact, before I could tell when a cloud passed over the sun, but at first I had to learn all these flie points. " My guide, as J seill call hisli, al' seared shortly after I awoke (I daresay Ise had been wsiatclsing use), and after a breakfast which siosuld have chleered the heart ofa vegetarians he led tse way out and I followed. Passing tlsrougli the centre of the tossn-for stchl it really weas-he weist on to the southern housidary of the sea. Tutrning doiwni a steeply descending passage for about two hundred yards sie suddenly emnesged into otte of tue most magnili cent baths I have ever seen or read of. "An outlet from the buried sea or lake existed a hsindred and fifty yards back and a broad cascade of foaming water cause tuiistlinig doswsn into a great circular basiss appsarently forimsed of the Issirest white siarble. 1 tsoughlt at tihe hime that Ilse basins isas a natural for misation, but I afecrwsarJs found it was not so-at least to sotto extenit it was, but the marble sad Iseens obtained muiles awvay and skilfully built into tie una tural depresaion. From tle great basin radiated a nuiiilser of smaller oises of all shapes and sizes, and the whole pre sented a most beautiful aplsearance. (To le CONTINUED.) T' 