OUR NOVELIST . A SINLESS CRIME. By tho mitl\or of ' The Cost 0/ Oohqucs * 4 Wife's Rovcnjo,' tfc. OITA.PTO XXXII— Ooxmuun. ' 'Whorovor did yon pick up l.lioso odd words, and wlio.so praises wore you supposes io bo sinjjincf. ' Tho praises oithinvholo Llevriou vnro. I hnv'n't hoard thorn since .1 vriw n child. They wcro wriltan by | some loeul conius for i.lio school children to sinj-- t.lio day ilio two sons onino of ngo. Thoy look my fancy, mul I loanied them. I lin'vo often sung them since, for tho air is solivo ]y. Morrion Royal hns been running Rtrangoly in my hend lately. I'vo boon crooning that song off and on all dny.' ' It is very pretty, anyway,' said tho captain. ' Didn't you think so, | Mr. Potera ?' !MV, Pelora was starine sliwlit out at the setting sun, but he snicl ' Yes ; very,' though in truth ho did not seem to liavo hoard much of tho song, It was only seeming. Ho had, hoard evory word of o£ it, and ho, too, -was thinking of tho Merrions. Alice sang another song or two, and her husband played, and then thoy fell into n desultory sort of nhat which drifted Lack to nor first song and the words which she had sung to tho tune. ! Captain Noakes asked a desultory question or two about Merrion Royal, Ho had hoard of the family as, indeed, had everybody. ' You'vo mounted Alice on her hobby, captain,' Richard Adair said, laughing. ' She knows all about Morrion and its lords. Tho house keeper there is a relation of hers.' 'Tho old lord is dead, isn't ho P' asked tho captain. ' Oh, yes. Years ago.' ' You moan. the father of Cuthbort and Godfrey?' It 'was Sir. Poters who spoke rather huskily, as if some of his smoke had got down his throat. 'Yes.' ' How long sinco P' . ' Oh, years and years. Let mo soe — I remember Mrs. Bruco Baying that it was just at tho same time his son died in* Africa, and that thoy hardly know whether, the son had over beon Lord Merrion. There was nothing left him in tho will, so it did not much matter.' ' He vms implacable to the last P My poor comrado never expected him to relent. I know. And the younger brother is Lord Merrion P' . ' Of course.' ' And happy in his titles and grand eur, do you tfunk P' 'Why, how should I know P' SBid Mrs.' Adair, with a surprised laugh. ' As happy as other people, I should think. I have never seon him sinco ] was married ; ho looked very ill then. People said there was something wrong with his head— that he was going out of his mind.' ' Over the loss of his brother P' I ? Mr. Peters said, bittorly. _ j He seemed very much intei'ested in these details, but it was natural in 0110 who had travelled with Cuthbort Merrion and been with him when he died. 'I shouldn't think that would I break his heart,' said Alice, naively, . ' Didn't it give him tho title P And people did say he was none too friend ly with his brother, and tried to sot his father against him, too.' ' Brotherly love can't stand up against interest,' Mr. Poters said, bitterly. 'Did you ever hear what became ot ? ' He stopped suddenly, and a spasm passed over his face, leaving it very white, ' Of whom P' Alice asked. ' I beg your pardon. My cigar I seemed to be going out all of a sudden. I I was going to say what became of I Cuthbert Merriorrs wife. He had I one. I have heard him speak of a I wife and child.' 'Oh, yes.' ' Are they at Merrion P' ? ' Oh, dear, no. She is far better off than they would have made her if they had done everything they ought by her. She's a richer woman than her brother in law's wife, a great deal.' ' Indeed, how P Not through any thing of her husband's leaving P Ho hadn't a farfchinsf.' ' No, ho hadn t, moro shamo to his father. Mrs, Morrion taught and did I needlework for a living. I have heard, aftor ho wont away, and whon tho news came of his death, thoy thought sho wonld die, too, of griof, I poor thinjj, and no wonder. 13ut she I didn't, She's alivo, and prettier than over, thoy say.' H But this money— this wealth H How did sho come bv it P' ' Sho married it !!' mud Mrs. Adair, demuroly. Tho cigar dropped from Mr, Peters' lingers1 and lollpd ou to Alice's light summer dross, thereby putting her in some clanger of catching firo from its lighted end. He rocovered it in an instant, but the incident had evident ly started him, for his voice trembled whon ho spoko again. His nerves wore in a sadly weak state still, ' 1 bog your pardon,' ho said : ' I am very clumsy. I think my lingers must be slightly paralyzed—some times tho,y got so numb. Did you say my friend's widow was married again P'. 'Yes!' ' Happily P' ' Oh, yes. It was quite a romance —tno papers were lull 01 it at tue time. She married, thinking her husband was a poor man, and know nothing different till he took her hoino aftoi' tho honeymoon to a grand houseaiul lots of sorvants, liko the Lord of Burloigh in tho song.' ' And, .wljpiis tho happy man P' ' Almond of her husband's. So yon'll know him, of course. Tho man death— the last mim who Paw him nlivo.V I 'Mnrk, Dray ton P' ' Yes, that's tho man. Sho's Mrs, Drayton now, and thoy say ho wor-, fillips tho vory ground' she walks up on.1' ' A10 there any children P' . 1 Mr. Petors's voice is so hoarse as ho j I asks tho question thar Alieo looks at him in wonder. 11 You are catching cold,' sho says. 11 1 don't think you ought to stand thoro with tho spray dashing in your face,' I Ho had not resumed his seat after tlio fall of his cigar, but was standing looking out soawards with a purpose- 1 ly avorted face, as it seemed, though ho could hear all sho said distinctly. ' Wo aro not always vory wise, no , said, in answer to tho last port of her speech. ' I fed feverish, and this cool breozo is pleasant. You did not answer my question.' ' What quostion P ' ' About Mrs. MorrionV- 1 beg hor pardon, Mrs. Diuyton's children. Has sho any ? By this second mar ringo, I mean. .1 know thoro was 0110 before— at Icnst I havo heard of it, ' Tliovo's a son and hoir, I know, Mrs. Adair roplicd. There was fuss enough mado about him for all tho world to know it. .It was in all tno papers.' M ' Important babies mostly aro, I Mr. Potors said, flinging tho stump of his cigar far away over tho wator, ' Thoro seems to havo beon a good many changes sinco thnfc illfntoil ex pedition to Africa sot out.' ' Illfatod !' Captain Nonkos said, with a laugh. That's not tho name most peoplo give it. Tho world looks upon it as 0110 of tho most successful I tlimoH of its kind. Thoso who camo buck woro fried and petted as though they had boon to the moon, I can tell you.' ' Dilferont peoplo seo things from different sides, I suppose,' Mr. Potors said, the ghost of a wnilo flitting across his faco as he spoke. Tho ex- 1 podition ruined mo in health, and put nothing in my pocket,. and it killed poor Cnthber't Morrion. I have moro I reason to curse it than to cry out about its success. I think Mrs. Adair is right, and that I havo taken cold. I fool stricken as though with ague.' Ho moved slowly away and wont below, grasping tho rail of tho Btairs as though ho woro giddy and fearod to fall. ' Stricken !' Richard Adair said, looking aftor him. Ho looks as though it were death, not aguo, that was coming upon him. I had better go and soo to him.' (To bo Continued.) 