Chapter II.—A Friend in Need. Down, down to the far horizon sinks tme westering bud, the malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for he is within an hour_ of his res®._ Yet th6 earth still gives forth its shimmering heat and on every side the red surface of the parched-up plain assumes a hue of blood beneath the golden glow of sunpefc, which, contrasted^ with the vivra blae of the heavens, is productive ol a, strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rats, a horseman, toilsomely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed suffering terribly from want of water as well as from a lack of nutritious food, can hardly drag its limbs along, and more than once has the rider endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walk ing. But who oan indulge in protracted exercise under suoh difficulties ? Consequently the horseman, though of fine and powerful build,- ia nearly as fagged and used op as his^ unfortunate steed. Now and asrain a flying locust raps him in the face as he rides. "What an infernal country!" he exclaims aloud, wiping his dripping forehead. "Nearly sunset, no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop of water in this howling desert. By Jove, the situation is getting serious," he adds in a tone bordering on alarm. His alarm is not without reason. Since quitting last nieht's camp beside a nearly dry Wdterhole, containing a noisome mixture, and that of the consistency of pea-soup, he has found no trace of the indispensable fluid. And he is lost. A worn-out horse under him, foodless, waterless, in the midst of an ap parently interminable desert, he has every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con cerned. He is a fine, tall, well set-up man, this stranger. No partiality could duSne him as handsome. His features have no regularity, and his light blue eyes are a trifle too small and deep set, but there is a certain power about hiB countenance, whose square resolute jaw the short), fair, pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache can only half hide. Though his face and hands are burnt red brown there is a Bubtle something which tells at a glance be is not colonial born, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his travel ling dress prematurely jretn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise which is strapped in front of his saddle. A stony kopje, the only eminence for five mile3 around, rises before the traveller. This he has been using as a landmark and through its agency steering in a straight line. It, too, having reached, he now ascends and imme diately there escapes him a pretty forcible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, breaking the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house—a homestead. It is still three or tout miles distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse, has espied it as soon as his rider, and pricking forward his ears he picks up his head and steps out with something of an approach to briskness. The first elation at -the certainty of finding necessaries, such as food and drink, over, the traveller's thoughts turn to considerations of comfort. After all the welcome have6 is, in all probability, a mere rough EoBr homestead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a place wherein comfort is an unknown quantity. And at such a prospect, _ hungry, thirsty, thoroughly wearied as he is, his spirits droop. But his musings are interrupted in a suf ficiently startling manner by nothing less than the "whiz" of a bullet unpleasantly close to his head simultaneously with the " bang" of the piece whence it was discharged. Looking up he finds that he has approached within a few hundred yards of the homestead. In the doorway of the same stands a tall man, clad in a shirt and trousers with a gun in his hand, from whioh he is extractmcr the still smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet sings past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while there port rings out upon the evening air. To say that the wayfarer begins to feel ex ceedingly uncomfortable is to express little. Here he is, a perfectly peaceable, unoffending pBrson, about to seek the much-needed hospi tality of yonder domicile and suddenly and without an iota of provocation its owner pro ceeds to make a target of him in the most cold blooded fashion. True, he has heard that many of the up-country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unprovoked " act of war " surpasses anything he may have been led to expect. "Here, hallo. You, sir. What are you blazing away at me for?" he Bings out, his tone betraying a degree of anger which prudence should have induced him to suppress. His hand instinctively goes to the revolver slung round him in a holster under hiB coat. But of what use is a six-shooter against an enemy many hundred yards distant and armed with a rifle ? Therefore, it is with con siderable relief that he beholds his unexpected adversary ground his piece, stare at Mm for a moment, then disappear indoors. The feeling is but transitory, however, as it occurs to him that the fellow has probably gone in to get more cartridges and that any moment he may find himself once more raked by the enemy's fire. He judges it prudent to try the effect of a parley before venturing any nearer. "Hi! Hallo, friend!" he shouts, "just drop that target practice, will you. There isn't) an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothing but a poor traveller lost in the veldt and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D'you under stand?" men it striKes Dim tmat it tne mnoapiuaDie householder is, as he expectB, a Boer he will probably not understand, "What is to" be done!" exclaims the way farer in sheer despair.s "Well, here goes. May as well be shot as starve in the veldt, and perhaps the fellow's only playing the fool —trying what I'm made of—and if I were only within fifty or even a hundred yards of him the 'trying' wouldn'b be all on one side." Thus musing, he continues his advance upon the homestead, walking his horse, and whist ling in an attempt to appear thoroughly un concerned. although in point of acta il fact he feelspretty much as the Six Hundred must have done on receipt of the historio and idiotic order. But no more leaden greetings reach him, nor does the enemy appear. All is silent as th'e grave as he rides up to the house. The front door stands wide open, exactly as the shooter had lefo it on retiring therefrom. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The place might have been uninhabited. Just then the fiun, which all this time has gradually been sinking and has already touched the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom which falls upon the tenement just as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at the door he raps it somewhat impatiently with the handle of his whip- No answer. Cautiously and with hand on hi8 pistol he enters. There is no passage; the door openB straight into the sitting-room. At the sight which meetB his eyes he starts and involuntarily falls back. In the corner of the room stands a tall figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall its eyes are fixed upon the intruder, great hollow eyes, which seem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes the latter. The wayfarer, though_ not by any means a man of weak nerves, is' conscious of something horribly uncanny about this ghost like figure, so silent and immovable, glowering at him in the shades of the fast-gathering twilight. But at the same time he recognises his recant assailant. No ghost this, but a mad man. ' For a moment both stood staring at each other. The Btrange-looking figure speaks. " Welcome, friend, welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you?_ Lots of them —swarms, to eat up whal little grass the drought h*8 left. Have you brought them, I say ? Aha—fine things locusts ! Don't know how we should get Jon without them. Grand things for this country. Fine country this! Green as an emerald. Emeralds, no, diamonds. But there is a ''stone' on the place, devil a 'stone.'" "Locusts! Emeralds! Diamonds!'" eohoas the stranger in amazement. "Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump—clean off it! What on earth am I to do with him or with myself eithor for the matter of that?-' "Not a 'stone' on the place !" goes on the speaker in a mournful tone. " I've fossioked high and low and there isn't one—not one. Ah, but the Valley of the Eye! Come, friend, we will start at once. You shall make your fortune. Dirk, Dirk!" ho shouts, passing the wondering- stranger and gaining the door way. A withered old Koranna, clad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished penning a fiook of Angora goats in one of the kraals, comes running up at the summons. At sight of his master his parchment viBage assumes a look of deep concern. '* Die Baas is reegte ziek !" (the master is properly ill) ho says turning to the stranger. " I should rather think he was," assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with. colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no diificulty in grasping the old fellow's meaning. "Stones, locusts, Valley of the Eye! Pho ! The sooner we get him to bed the better. I say, old man," he breaks off persuasively, lay ing a hand on the shoulder of his unconscious host, " you're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off.'' The other looks at him vacantly and seems to comprehend. He suffers himself to be led into the inner room quite docilely and there and then to bo assisted into bed. Once there, however, the blood rushes to his face, and he begins raving horribly, though kis_ violence finds expression in speech rather than in action. T&e; stranger sits at his bedside carefully watohiog him. "Not mad—only fever," he remaiksto him self at the olose of one of these paroxysms. •Bush fever, I suppose, and plenty of it. He's got a pulse like a steam hammer, by Jove!" He has. Not for nothing has that unwonted giddiness, those Bhooting pains in the limbs, attacked him a few hours earlier. By night fall Henshaw Fanning i3_in a burning fever, raving in the throes of delirium. (To be continued,) 