Bush Songs. In response to our request, Mr. E. Kruckow, of Bungwall Flat, forwards us the two following bush songs, which he says record true incidents in the life of a friend who has lived in Queensland since his boyhood. We shall be glad to receive other similar songs for publication :— AN ADVENTURE WITH MORGAN. Pull up, mates ; let us camp by this cool stream, The grass seems good and our prads are hungry now. We have ridden far and wide since the first bright sunlight's gleam , Shone this morning on Ben Lomond's lofty brow. And while we are resting here I a tale to you will tell Of an adventure with a robber on the Bland. 'Twas with Morgan, the bushranger, yes, I remember well, Who met me and commanded me to stand, " Pull up," he cried, " for I must have your horse, He looks compact and fit, and I have far to go; I'm Morgan, the bushranger, you have heard of me of course As a cruel, heartless murderer I know." " 'Tis hard," I said, " to take my horse from me, He's carried me through many a day of strife; You are welcome to my purse, Morgan, but spare me Cap-a-pie, The truest friend I've had in all my life." " Dismount," he cried, in loud, commanding tones, " I'll take your horse and purse and saddle, too, as well; Resist and by my father's ghost the Crows will pick your bones While I ride your favourite charger on to hell." Then we heard a sound, 'twas brumbies passing by ; He looked alarmed and partly turned his head. When I passed him like a lightning flash and heard his angry cry With sharp report, crack ! crack ! and whizzed the hissing lead. Now I grasped my reins : a fence was in the way, A six-wire fence, and stoutly built and new ; But Cap-a-pie made no mistake, brave horse ! with out delay He rose and cleared it fair as on his course he flew, And bounding forward like a startled deer, With Morgan's pistols cracking close behind. The wire fence baulked the robber's horse, and wild oaths reached my ear As he yelled his angry curses to the wind; We escaped unhurt, my good old horse and I, Nor parted since nor parted ever shall be While there's life within those iron nerves and fearless fiery eye And stout staunch heart, that never flags, of matchless Cap-a-pie. 