FOOTBALL. DEVONPOBT V, MIRS1Y. i on ior»ioan noAsoa at Ufovoaport oame in a to mlnatlon oo flaiu'day aftrnoor, when the two leta! oiufat met at Gatenby'i Rteeiva, W« et Devooport. An wan gentrany expected, the Dnvonpert team had hut little dlffloottv In putting down the MerfAyitea, and an the have trained an rqnal nnmherof prints with theUIvori'one olnb, the deofding mafoh will pobah!y be P'ny'd tpn a mitral groand, as then one olib will net have an advantage aver tbe other. The weather on Saturday wan finn and bright, but a alight westerly bre<z<t asRlntsd the play at (ho eastern end. The attendance of spectators wae not large, bnt the inevitab1# "barraeker" was very mnrh there Tbe He'reyltos had a wmk t«om the abptntee b»ing A.HaM. K. Robertu, H. Msrray, J. Febey. Q. J«dge and H B«nm, 1h»ir places b»ing filled by anb- fltftutes. The hlie and whiten were mlnn« the eervloee of B. Layoook, bnt hli slaoe was worthily filled ly by G W. Mifray. an eret Lsunorston player, Miuay wae the centre of attraotlon, ie great tblngi " puvauu ut iiiin, luOro aspeofaify whsn it was whispered that b. wae th- nrsok ieog-diH'enoe kick In the North Very soon after (he hell was s-t In motion ha made himself at hmo with hi. loam, and indeed be was ao rapid in " epotting " his men that It waa dlffionlt Ie believ he waa a total etranver among them. Al- ihrngh n-t to ba ormnarsd in strentrtb tn som. of tho Horoolttn hino aad white-, he mere than made ap for any drfiri-noy in this r'sprot by his Oliver work He, how ever, ie a rather erratic kioker. and not to be railed on in a forward plaoe, bat he nan \--nd the leather a tremvndens djitanoe. Th. plvyero ware verv mnch nramprd for room In th, small p-ddook( and ths bempy nat.r. of the croHnd interfered eomewbnt with the play. Shortly after 3 o'clock the hell waa ail in play, the Dovnnport having tho western goal. On tha benooe the nvtl waa worked down to the rasters end. end Batve after e Fmart rnn. ra eed it on to Allenpp, who took a living ehol and pnt an a miner point. Pon'ter nnd MoFle worked hard fo rash th ball bark to the eontre, but the D-vonport ferwerde ware too enddsn, their ll'tle marking being onmolote. Brsln got a mark well in front and pnt np the first goal. From the centre the hill woe again worked down to the Devenpsrt etieke, end Mmrsy jest mieeed the poets- Gee, Wingrove, Allsopp. and Memy eaoh h.d chats in ineossslon, but tbe kicking was very Inferior, ea the bell onld not be piloted through. Obrie Har rison, howsver, had better Inok, ae he notched tbe eeoond goal. Jest before tbe eell for a change, the red and blass worked th. leather np to their opponents' end. and pit- waa in the weetern area when lime was called. Tha soorse then etoed:— Davonnert, 2 goals 7 bshiods; Meraey, nil. With the wind In their favor tba new oomhinatten made e deeperaie rally lo stop th ene-eided scoring. Devil end Mireheil shewing oat osnspirnoasly. Th- heavier teem, howsver, held their own sgeinst the oneiengbt, end, although play ing in the teeth ef the wind, kept tha oval oloee to the Mersey end. Olayton fumbled a mark a few yerde in front, and Tee Dlgsey, Mitchell, Thompson, Wingrove, and Gee made f reitls-s efforts to seore, the lesther going everywhere bat through ths posts. A frss kiok te a Merssyite sent the bail along the northern wing, end Gower, Marshall, Coleman, end Poalt-r worked it down. Ths Devonport baoks were vqnal to tho ooos-loo. aod e ' bvblnd wea tho only aoore. Half-time waa then called, and the game itood Devonport. 2 goals 9 behinds ; Mereey, 1 behind. At the oemm-noem.nt ef the third quarter it looked es if the Merssyite were going ta welk over their opponents, ae within a few minetee after the eead off, Btaek had a shot it the itioks, bat illiaok betided him, and only a behind wae regis tered. Gowsr end 0. West, assisted by Pontler and Liqdtey, pteyed ell they knew to keep the leather in tha bine and whites' territory, end it ssemed e pi'y they were not bteked np by e stronger fi-ld. Tbe old olnb, seeing tiny bed the whip band, took matters ooeiiy, and some extra exer tion reversed tbe leoale of tbe plmy, end the third goal waa pnt ep by Tai Dignsy. Bate took a long kiok and passed the bail behind. Clayton and Wingrove followed tail, Marshall, Febey, and Banfield worked the Isethsr on to the southern wing, nnd tha former mad n desperate kiok and pnt his feot throegh tbe bell in tbe nick, Febey: sastalning e severe kiok In th fao from oao of the Davenpertitea A fresh bell was obtained, after about balf-nn-boar'a delay, and Wingrove ob tained a nio goal, nnd when the qsarter olosed the soorse stood :— Devonport, 4 goale, IS behlnda ; Money, 2 babinda. The lost quarter was marked, by flero play, nearly tbe whete of tbe playere following. Murray obtained the aval, and after seme smart dedgieg pusad it en to Gse, who shortly afterward get "laid eat." The bell was kept travelling from on end te tbe other, end Davis, Banfield, and Mar. shall in' tarn hid trim for goal, bet ae tbe leather was emtio only oni bshind was the reenit, Whsn time was eslled, th- rally was : — Devonport, 4 goals, 16 behinds ; Moriev, 8 behinds. Free kioks : Mersey, 2. The feminist player war undoubtedly Gower end Murray, the former being always foend oelside of the reek, wailing bis obinoe to sneak off with tba bell. Marshall displayed his esaal firm and played wi h sonnd jedgment Bkippsr Davie worked herd to make the sooting mora even, bit be was eogni sent of tbe foot that hie weak combina tion had not (he ghost of e show Among other red and bines who played well ware Griffiths, MoFie, 0. West, Palaman DiRflalH ' pAiillaf. Mil TslnillAW. T. Wingrove, th oaptain of the Devon- port team, was as crafty as a fox, end ae ha hte evidently made the game stedy, be did not allow e chsnoe to elip Althoegh nearly always ta be fennd on the bull, he kept the placed men from rovlog aboit. Bates, who is very nimble on hie feet, mode n few good inee. et tbe end of whieh be generally eeooeeded in sending the ovel wail forward. Gee wee again to tho front, end win generally oioin at hand when wanted. Tm Digney had hard inok in -hooting fer goals, bnt tbe bell wee in e moaeara et fenlt. For the winniag teem, A. Digney, Bavage, B. West, Brain, and Hsrrisen pit in good work. Mr B. Ellis felfilled his deties as esntral empire with every rntisfeotien, exoepting that he should have been strieter withi-maef tha players. The foot of only two free kicks being given epeeke for Itself. Messrs H Fnnnen nnd P. Dewnsi offlelated u goal umpires, nnd their decision! were never qeeatlened, Mr Hlntsa carried eat tho datis of time- keeper. Ae the Devonport nnd Ulveratone elatx have mad- » "dead hent" for the we womn ssgge-t that tbe dsoldtag mateb be played on the Reorea- tlen Ground, Lit robe, A smell ehsrgs oen'd be made et (be gate, -nd the total eree-eds denated to the Devon ColUg- Hospital, It is pretty o'»rl»in that a large onmbar of inpporte-s of eaoh of lb- -lobe weald be in attendance, end that most dn serving ieetttntioa would pirfaaps benefit to some extent. AtLannosaton on Satnrday, the Linn - aaeten (6 goals 16 behinds) bset tbe City (I goal 2 behinds). ' 