Sermon for Sunday. A False Security. Bt the Late Rev. O. H. Spueoeon. Many will say to me in that day, " Lord. Lord, havo wo not prophesied in Thy name, and in Thy namo have cast out devils,- ana in Thy name done many wonderful works 1"— Matthew vil. 22. I know what somo of you think : "I am not a professor, I am not a prophosior. I never thought of casting out devils, or of doing wonderful works." Will yon read on after my text. Hofe is something for yon: "Whosoever heareth these sayings of Mine." You are a hearer ; and if tho Gospel you hear has been so porfeofiy brought down to us that it is rightly called the "sayings " of Christ, thon you are inoluded horo. Yot; remember thoro are multitudes of hearers who, from not being doers, will not ho known. "I never forgot to go; I was as regular thero as tho minister . himself." Yes ; ' but my Lord won't know you unless your heart shall know Him. If yon live without repehitimco and without faith, you may go till you totter on your staff into tho house of prayer ; and you may never onoo have been an inattontivo hearer ; but except faith comes to yon in tho hearing, and that faith shall make you a doer of the word; vorily, verily I say unto you, when the windbegitiB to blow, and the floods to rise, your houso shall bo discovered to bo founded on the sand, nnd shall be swept away for over ! Tuke the text with thnt whioh cometli before it —and with that whioh cometh aftor.it; and there is something horo for everyone of us. 0\. it is a fine thing to believe you are quito sure of heaven, and to sing : "Happy day, happy day ! " But suppose you ore not saved after all! " Oh," says one, " 1 cannot bear that supposi tion." But it maybe true; und if itbo'truo, what a meroy to find it put now, whon, in a moment, you may floe away to Christ and find eternal lhfe!. Whereas, if you do not find it ont till those unhappy men and women found it out in the text, you' will find it out too late! 1\. Now just notice how these people found ont their false security. Thoy found it out ffohrwhat Christ said. Ho said, I never know you;" not passionately, angrily, but with a stern, tad, solemn voioe — "I nover knew you." "Wo used Thy name, good Lord." "I know you did, but I novorknow fou ; you nover know Me." Oh, in that day oan fanoy ono turning round and saying to some Christian that sat in tho samo pew, — "You knew ino?" "Yes, Iknow you, hut it is of no avail. Tho Master didn't know you." Perhaps the worst of it, though it may not seem so, is tho solemn truth of it ! Christ nevor tolls a lie ; and if Ho says to a man — "I nevor know you," it wns trno. I wonder if there aro uny of yon like this ! . Now Christ knows all who ever sought his face with tears and repentance ; but these peoplo, though thoy had preuohed, and so on, haa never done that ! David said; "Thou host known my sonl in ndversitv and those mon novor sought God. never had fellowship with Christ 1 "I nevor knew you." "No," says Christ, " I novor saw you a beggar at My door : I nover saw yon a dis ciple at My foot; I nover saw you a humble follower treading in My footsteps ; I never saw you as a sheep that knew My voioe und followed Mo ! I toll you I nevor know you. You are a stranger to mo ! Yon and I nover exchanged a word; wo. were not friends! You nover loaned your head on My bosom ; you had nothing to do with Mo, and now I havo nothing to do with you." And whon Christ shakos you off and says, "I never know you," you are shaken off indeed. But, oh 1 never let us be amongst tho self- dooeivod who shall, at the last bo among tho number of thoso of whom Hiou Bhalt say, " I nover know you 1" They attempted to do wonders, and thoy did do them; but they never did anything in seoret ; they woro ready enough to do tho things that evorybody saw; but what nobody saw, thoy would not do them I And let me here say that here !b our danger— that of getting a religious ohoraoter without a now heart ; that of gotting to do religious notions without gotting to be born again ; gotting tho broguo of Jerusalem without over being born in the City of God ; to bo very fluent talkers and vory earnest workers, but nover to have repented of sin, and laid hold of Ohrist by a living faith I Tho torror.of His words lies in what Ho did not say. "Deport from Mo, yo that work iniquity ; " thero is nothing else said.' That is a solemn word in the hymn we sing, " Name less woo." There is no namo for it that oan ovor fully dcscribo it ; for if Ohrist does not know you, and says Ho never did ; if you have no acquaintance witli tho Redoomer, and in His loving hoart thero is nopeacofor you; if on His bosoin your namo was never worn ; for Ho Bays, "I nover knew you;" ah. tiion, woo, woo, a thousand times woo '. Without hopo for you ! For to bo unknown of Him is to ho unknown of hopo for over and for ever 1 2\. And this brings mo to my second point — - sthat wo may now obtain an unfailing security. How is that to bo dono, ask you ? By bo- lioving and receiving God's "Word, through tlio application of His Holy Spirit. Jesus Christ does not savo mon whilo thoy rojeot und refuse Him ; and thut Book does not savo anybody until tho Holy Ghost with power speaks to tho soul ; nnd whon Ho does it is the Word of God in another sonso. Justus of old, "Ho spako and it was dono." Ho said, "Lot there bo light, and thoro was light," bo now thero mubt bo a distinct cull from God to man, or, ho will not eorno to God ; und tho living "Word must loap from tlio mouth of tlio Living God or tbo Biblo will bo u dead lottor ; and from Ohrist thoy will turn away "as if it woro nothing to think thut Johus died. Brethren, you that havo a suro security by faitii in Christ, did you not obtain it by tlio power of tho Holy Ghost? You know you must. Thon do not forgot that it was His work ; for thero is no fnitli in tlio world that will savo except that which comes from tho operation of tho spirit of God. Thoro is no glance of tho oyo to Ohrist upon tho Cross tlmt is a truo saving glanco but suoli as tlio spirit of God lias given. But somo of you will say, " Ah mo ! Would that tho spirit of God would Bpoak to mo !!' Bo not deceived; Ho is spooking to you now. Tim Word, when faithfully proaohed, 'hath a power from tho Bpirit of God. It is truo that mon may resist it, but thoy add to thoir sin in so doing. As said tho man of God of old, ' Yo do alway resist tho Holy Ghost as your fathers did, so do ye." - Let us explain what the Bpirit of God does not do. You oro not saved by hearing about Christ. Ho would not bring yon a new way of salvation, or bring you another Saviour ; and if you aro not saved by the Word of God, Ho will not bo likely to uso any othor moans. " If thoy hoar not Moses nnd the prophets, neither will thoy bo persuaded, though one roHe from tho dead." You are not to sit still and say, "Except I havo somo signs or won- dors I -will not believe:" you shall have no signs except tho sign of tho dying Saviour risen from tho doad. < Now, juBt note ; when men oro first led b)r tho Spirit of God, thoy do not know it is the Spirit of God; they aro movod and made to judge, and decide and beliove. They ore, howovor, agents in the work, and they not as suoh; but- it is afterwards they discover that the Spirit of God has been louding- them. Now, if you wait until you . know it is the Spirit of God moving you, you willwuit for over. No man knows the Spirit of God is at work within him until He conies to Ohrist. As no man can como to the Father but by tho Son, so no man knows the Spirit of God out by Christ. "What does the Spirit of God do for yon? What I hope Ho -is in many oases doing now. Ho makes you willing ; I trust you aro. Ho mokes you consoious of your danger, and 'I trust you are consoious. He makes you to understand tho remedy, and I think you do understand it, and He leads you sweetly and effectually to aooopb what God provides. "His hand. does all, says. ono. Ay, beloved, it is n great all, top. But aro you come to it? Do you feel now you onn say, "I do trust- Jesus?" Then it is tho Spirit of God whioh you havo got within you: you nocd not ask any questions about.it. Onco admit "Fain I foel My heart believing," and you trust yourself no longer ; hut the Bweoteat name to you is the namo of Him that bled upon tbo tree. That is what the Spirit of God has dono; " It seoms so little, it seoms I might liavo done it mysolf." Ah, but that littlo thing, that " Go, ' wash in Jordan, and "bo oloan," that is tho hard thing ; " If the prophet had bid thee do somo great thing would'st thou not have done it ?" If it were nard it would have been easy ; biit bcoauso it is easy it iB hard. If yon have- taken that simple step, my biothor, und havo Obtained redemption through the blood, thon. huppy are you, for you havo tin unfailing sbourity'and you will sing songs of gladness. , 3. Then beloved— for to-night I -want to give a -word to tho bolievers as well as tho un converted— depend upon thie, that us soon as you realise you havo that security in Christ, then you wtil begin to work for Him.' And' yours will not ho a hndf-hoartcd service oither, but you will bo on fire for God — full of zoal and earnestness. Oh, how sadly wo lack thoso giffs-nowadays. . Horo lot mo toll you an anecdote that is relutcd of tho, holy Mr. Wbitefiold. He stopped at ' ono time in a certain town in, the houso of - a general, who treated him very- kindly. Tho' general was not converted. Ho had .an auiublo wife and loving daughters, but they knew nothing of tho truth. Whltofiold wished to speak to thorn about it. Tho dovil said to him, "Now, Goorgo, don't say a word to these good people ; it will grieve them ; thoy havo heon so kind to you. Why, yon cannot 'tell tho gonorol, ' Exoopt a man bo born again ho oannot sac the kingdom of God '; they would bo too harsh words to address to suoh a man us thnt. And you oannot talk to tho wife and daughters concerning the things of tho kingdom-; seo how kind thoy have been to you ! Tho warning will not come well from ono who has beou so much obliged to thorn as you." And no doubt tho flesh a little aided the temptation ; so that whon White- field retired to rest thut night ho had not spokoa to any of tho persons of tho house, according to his. usual wont, conoorning the Gospol of Christ. This troubled him. Tho Lord visited him by night, and Haid to. him, " Thou art My Borvant, and yet thou hast not dono My work;" and conscience whispered, "Tbeso peoplo havo beon kind to you; iu it not great unkindnoss not to warn them of tbo wrath to comeP" And thon the Spirit said, " You dure not loavo this pluoo until you have addressed to them a word that might bo blessed to their, souls." But still the flesh was strong, and Goorgo did not dare say a word. How- over, whon tho flesh failed, God came in, and directed His servant's mind. George took off his diamond ring, and wrote upon tho window-pane, "But one thing thou luokeat;" and having prayod all night over that pano of glass, he went his way. No sooner had ho gono than the master of tho honso entered the room,' and the first thing that caught his oyo was this writing 011 fho window pano, " But ono thing thou, laokost." The thought flashed aoross His mind, 1 ' Then this holy man of God loves my soul ; I thought thnt he did not' lovo it, for ho 'said not a word to me ahoutit; it appears that ho does. Wife," said he, "como horo ond see what is on that window." "Yes," , said' she,. ' depend upon it, he has been unhappy in our . house. We have done the best wo could to make him comfortable ; but becauso wo don't, love tho Lord, ho has been disturbed'und unhappy,'! and they both stood thero und wept. The Spirit of God wua nt work in their heart; thoy woreoouvinoedof tho truthof thatBentonoe, " Ono tiling thouluokost." Call up tho children, said tho father. And tho son and the three daughters camo ; and, strung© to tell, the wholo of them wero that moment converted to God at tho sight of that text, und around tho bed tlio wholo family knolt — six of thorn— and bowed tlioir knoos confessing their sins, and roso up behoving in tho Lord Josuh Christ. A inombor of i tho ohuroli under the pastoral euro of my flear brotlior Dr. Annitugo has now in hor posses sion tho vory pano of glass on which Whitoflold wroto thoso words, and she tolls tho Btory of how hoi- mother was ono of thoso daughters who woro thus converted to tho Saviour. Now, you that cannot spouk to others will you try to do something ulso ? If you cannot preach, you will do as Whitoflold did ; you will bo writing on soraps of pupor, and loaving tliom on the road ; you will bo taking tracts in your pockot ; you will bo doing what you con by kind sentiments, by sweet words, by kinil outicoments to bring sinners to tho footHtqol' of tho Cross of Christ. Do not got arguing. 