a scheme that worked. Br W. J. IiAMrios. Fred Bargees was a young loHow of 21, and, after the fashion of youngsters of that number of years, desnrratcly in lovo. The young woman wno hadlod him cantlvo was four years his junior ; pretty, , popular, and poor, and just eoqnottish oiiongh to keep Froddio on the ragged edgo moat of the tlmo— a not nnusnil characteristic of yonog women under similar conditions. In addition to this, ho. had no ides that tho girl loTcd him, or, rather, parmittod him to lovo her, bocaaso his father was vary xiohaad had promised Fred a handsome sum on his wedding day. To a girl fond of eooioty as Harriet was, Fred knew that monoy was an object, and, Jfbijhe tjjj JosJj!, ttgjnlah thsnjono jr monoy for a wifo— a nice distinction that aome mon with money aomotimco ororlook. Fred's father wet a handsome, widower of 45, end woe more eidor brother than father to a boy, and thoir comradeship and community of Intorcsts wore the snbjoots of many pleasantries among thoir friends. " How about tho girl, Fred 7" askod the father one day, ai they sat in tho library. " Which girl 7" smiled Fred. 'The best ono, of coarso." "Yon mean Harriet ?" Fred's loco grow longer. "Well, pop," he said familiarly, " I don't know exactly, and I don't like to lay what I think." "Ont with it, my boy," nrgod the father ; " between ns wo ongbt to be a match for any woman alive," ' I don't want you to be a motoh for this one," ventnrod Fred, shyly. Mr. Bnrgosa bowed bis acknowledg ments. "Permit mo to say eqnal to any woman," ho smiled. " Granted," said Fred ( " and I think ws an ; bat yon can't 'most always sometimes tell. The father indinstod somo surprise. " She isn't going to fly tho track, is she f he asked. " Ho, not that ; she's going to stay on and make the race, bat I'm afraid it's entirely for the pnrso that's np." " 0, ho," ianghod tho father ; "she's making a shy at the shakels, is sho P" "No, pop," protested Fred i ' I wouldn't say that ; only I'm afraid she might be." Mr. Burgess booomo thonghtfal and Fred was silent for some time. '.Frederiok, my cbiokon," said bo after a while, lying his hand on the yoang man's shoulder, " I have a scheme ; a great sohomo and ho tapped his dome of thought with maoh personal pride, " Whero did yon get it, papa 7" asked Fred bsntoringly ; " import it ?" "No, my son; I manufactured it' right hers at homo." again tapping his forehead. "Now yon sit dowa and 1st mrafall enn Btu\nli It, " " Wait ttH I braoe mysolf, in order to resist the sfiftok," said Fred, seating himself doep down in a ;big easy chair, ' Let her go, pop, I'm ready," and pop . thereupon prooseded to let hor go. Three months later Mr. Burgess and Fred were in the library of the Burgess mansion onco more, Fred having re turned only that day from a visit to somo friends in England.. . . " Well, Father Bargees," he said, with unnsnal impatience, "how did the scheme work 7" M i boy, my boy," groaned Mr. B. lugubriously, " I'm not in it sixty , seoonds." "Wouldn't it votk 7" asked Fred in a disappointed tona. Let me tell the harrowing tale," and Mr. Btirgess fixed himself comfortably. " A month after yon left, in my ooy and diffident manner, I asked MisB Harriet one day on the street if I couldn't walk home with hor. She was jaBt too swoet for anything,"— -Fred winced — " and said it would charm hor beyond ox pression. So I watkod along with hor, talking oboat you and othor yoang mon. Mies Harriot was onrapSnrod to hear what I said of yon and of tho other yonng men, and then very domuroly said she thought older men were so much nioer. Then I was oharmed, and when wo reached her home she invited ue to call with euoh a winning grace that I couldn't resist it, and acccptod tho invitation in my very best stylo," ' Fred got up and trampod aronnd the library awhile, . << Confound the women," ho said. ' Did yon go 7" " Didn't I go 7" responded the father with a somi-whoop, " Well, I should say I did, and until fonr days ago I didn't 1 give one of thoso- other ' youngsters , a ghost of a ohanco at any thing. By tho way, Fred," ho added regretfully, " it oosts like tho misohiof ito court a girl right tbeBo days, doosn't it P I had no idea it was snob an ex pensive luxury." >' Frod writhod in his chair. " Go on," he said almost sternly, "Ob, I did go on," ianghod tho father, "and sho encouraged mo, too, and, by Jova, yoang follow, I bcoamo so interested I couldn't stop going on." Fred lookod at his fathor in nraazo- ment. If this thing continued ho felt that something disagreeable would happen to him, bnt ho said nothing. " Well," roBumod Sir. Burgess, ,' lour days ago, at 8 p. m., I collod for tho fonr dozenth timo, and my mind was mado np to have that girl in tho family, evon if I bad to prove myself a traitor to F.«d almost forgot himself, bat he jxerclted all his potteri pf restraint, "Said I," continued Mr. Bargees, 'alter I had boaton aronnd tho emotional hnsh.'for half an hour, ' Misp Harriot, yqn hevo booomo vory near and dosr to mo.' " ' Yos 7' oho smiled, ' I m so gloa. Thank -yon,' Bald I, 'and now, without farther preliminaries, I want yon to bo my wifo.' " Frod stood up straight and looked down fiorcoly on his fathor. " Yos," said that gontloman, as if Frod wore enjoying it, " thoso aro tho oxaot words I nsod on that interesting occasion, and I nsod othors and kopt m using thorn, bat sho only shook hot pretty bead. '"Jast think,' said I, coaxing my vory best, 'how nioo it would bo for you to bo Fred's otopmothor.' '"Now, Mr. Burgess,' said sho m rcsponso to this argument, and sho smiiod in a way toot mano mu s»u« »u grab hor, ' don't yon think it wonld bo over so muoh nlcor for mo to bo Fred's Fred laughod historically and hiokod an nnofionding ottoman clear over tho table. " ' No, I don't-,' said I, trying to take hor hand. « ' Well, I do,' said oho, dropping hor smite and gotting firm in thofa09, 'and that is wboro wo differ to an oxtont that you, with ail your money and good looks and pslavaring and oxporienco cannot bopo to chango in o million years. If thore is sny othor relation to your family that I wonld prefer, above being Fred's wifo, it might bo to bo yoar otopmothor just long onoagh to give yon the spanking yon desorvo, for trying to poreaado mo to bo disloyal to Fred, white ho is absent and cannot see whs' is going on, so ho coald pat a stop to it. Good ovonlng, Mr. Bargees,' and with theso nnkind remarks to yonr dnvctod and loving old fathor, my boy, yonr dear Harriet floated ont of the room and loft mo sitting thoro feeling 111— -«j IJI-", »— ,r<n-l». f«ll -"'1 S.hif. aronnd as a barn. ' Frod jarnpod np and throw his arms aronnd bis father's neck. "Pop, old boy," ho exololmed joyfally. "you're a tramp." " Yes, my ooy, I know it," sighed Mr. Bargees, "bat yoa'vo taken the trick, and I'm going to dcdnct from yonr wodding present what it cost mo to coart that girl while yon wore away, and I wish yon would toll her so with my sompUments." 