SINNING IN VAIN. BY HARRY BLYTH, [ALL RIGHTS 11ESKKVED.] IN TWO CHAPTERS.—1. TUKT were both beautiful iu distinct ways, and the one" bore no resemblance to the other, Wora Royce was fair and airy. Fi.ixf>n locks, large blue eyes, -awl a -blight figure suggested su etherealism which was wanting iu the nroader lines of the passionately dark Hetty Melton. They both were seen to their bes advantage when together. The very marked •lifference in their charms heightened the effect Perhaps this is why they had so quickly taken to <®c another, fortune bad been as arbitrary iu her treatment to them as Nature. Nora had •>JO pedigree to boast of. but she possessed wealth. Hetty could trace her descent through the centuries, but could not always command a -65-note. Society gave them an equal amount of welcome, for, after all, gold does atone tor 'lack of ancestry if there be " good stj'le " with it. At the time this narrative opens, Hetty Melt-cm was stayiug with her friend's parents at .their handsome country house in Devonshire, The soft fragrance of the second crop of hay filled the air. There was boating on the river, <rluch ran through the grounds. Sea trips were to be had within easy driving distance. Sport was plentiful, and there were delightful walks \- and rides round them, to say not hing of tli T ; .ch orchards, "junkets," and clotted creaiu. It was a satisfying change from the dust of Loudon. There was much visiting and receiving of quests, so the lively Hetty had no excuse for somplaining of dulncss. Indeed, she would been completely happy but for the pang which che contrast between her friend's wealth and , her own needliness occasioned. Her hope was a rich marriage, and this, she promised herself, was far from being ail impossible contingency. It was stratifying for her \- to see that Nora persistently left the field to "herself wheu desirable men were in the house. \- This attitude ou the part of her friend puzzled her not a little. She considered it quite at , variance with a girl's proper instincts. But cheu she had always looked 011 Miss Royce as •seing a simpleton, and one easy to beguile in reckoning. " The day will be gone before we start," she «aid with petulance one line mornin-r, as she sat watching Nora busy at her pretty little writing- " desk. Hetty had been dressed for quite a " quarter of ab hour, so there was some reason for 'her show of impatience. •'We shall never get to Barum and back in time for lunch." " Oil, yes, we shall," returned Nora, turning _ her bright face up. " I shan't be a moment, dear. I must finish this letter." " There will be time enough for that later on. The bag is not collected until four." "There are some letters," was the grave answer, " which one does not care to trust iu the bag—some, you know, Hetty, one prefers to post oneself." "Only love letters." Hetty spoke with con tempt and tossed her raven head. '' Be that as it may," laughed Nora, " I have finished now, and it won't take me two miuutes to dress." She was as good as her word, but then she \- had only to put her hat on. During the drive into the old town they • chatted together merrily, and the subject of the letter seemed to be forgotten by both. At 'the Dost office Hetty's keen eyes watched the \--.missive as it dropped into the box. " Th«re !" she exclaimed, " I was right after all. It is a love letter. 1 saw ' Esquire ' on »the back. " Well,"snswered Nora calmly, supposing it is ? Surely, I may have my little ' affair ' as well as anyone else. Besides, papa and mamma know all about it." r " What a sly wretch you are," said Hetty, ' 7" you have never breathed a word of it to me." V " I wanted to give you a surprise. He is •coming down here in a few days. I hope you -will like him." " Take care he does not like me," .returned Hetty jestingly. " Of course, he is baudsome, ; rieh, and all that sort of thing." •' " You don't suppose I would engage myself • to a clown," said Nora iu the same bantering .spirit. " Not one has ever met George Fairfax \- aud not liked him." A pallor worse than that of death spread over 'Hetty's face. For a moment she felt that her . senses had left her. All was so dark. She so quickly recovered that this brief emotion was „unnoticed by her companion, r " George Fairfax," she repeated, " I think : I was introduced to him at the Wises'." " What fun," cried the delighted Nora, " I am so glad yon know one another. It will be ;.a surprise to him to see you here." • It will," was the 'emphatic rejoinder. -"What a doll hole this Barum is," she went ou. " I shall be glad when you have doue ;your shopping. These narrow streets bore me ^terribly." " " You don't look well, dear. How impatient ;you were to get here, and now you are in quite le big hurry to •pet home. I have done all I granted to do. We will drive back at once." ' " Did you only come here to post that Jetter ?" 1 " That's all." " Then," said Hetty, sarcastically, " you I can never have had a lover before." I shonld have married Gerald El win," was • the quiet reply, the voice shaking a little with emotion, " but he died. It was a great sorrow • to me. But God has been good to me. He «,lias helped me to forget a little." < " I conld not love more than once," declared • Hetty decisively. There was a queer gleam in ; her eyes as she spoke. ; Back again in the house, and alone for a (little in her own room, the girl gave expression ,to the feelings which held and swayed her. She ( did not speak her feelings aloud, for folks outride a lunatic asylum rarely do. Her thoughts -took pretty much this form. " Why couldn't she have left George Fairfax alone ? No wonder she has beeu so indifferent •to every man about this place. She says she 'is engaged to him. This engagement, if there , ; be one, must be of recent date. Only two \- short months ago he seemed devoted to me, and ; heaven knows I love him. It is true he never . proposed, but he led me on—led me on to • dream my dreams. He must be taught that he ".cannot play fast and loose with me in such a f-way as this. It is lucky I am here as he is : coming. They are not married. My dear Nora, r I am afraid you never will be Mrs. Fairfax. To Tthose who have shall be giveu, say the Scriptures, but my love is worth all her money, and -Vso I will prove to him. To think that she ^-should come between me and him. The very . suggestion is maddening to me. How wicked ; and evil I feel." " In spite of these perturbing thoughts Hetty -•wore a debonnair manner at lunch, and dis- : cussed the merits of Mr. George Fairfax with ; much vivacity. Nora's father introduced the % subject, and laughed merrily at his daughter's ; reticence on the matter of her engagement. " I like George," be said heartily, " and I : am 6ure my daughter wili be happy with him. ' By the way," he added, " his friend Walter ' Gould is coming with him, aud a little bird ;has whispered to me that he is a great admirer \- of you, Hetty." " I have met him a few times," was the de- . mure answer. . " Possibly he may have good taste, but beyond that he has nothing to recommend him." " You mean he is poor ? Well, that is so, /" but it seems extremely probable that when his \- uncle dies he will be a very wealthy man." " I hope so for his sake," said Hetty. The fact that Walter Gould was coining with .- George Fairfax was unpleasant news to Hetty. ; She knew that he would be for ever at her heels, and this would seriously interfere with the complete monopoly of his friend she had promised herself: Her irritation made her believe that the Fates themselves were leagued _ against her. When the two young men arrived, Walter's attentions to her left her little or no oppor. tunifcy of winning Fairfax from the side of "Nora. This was exasperating to the last degree, f specially as her coldness only increased Mr. fljrould's ardour. " Why do you persist in tantalising so ?" ".said the last-named gentleman, one evening, rwhen he and Hetty found themselves alone • among the trees. "I tantalise you ?" cried the girl. " Really, dklr. Gould, I don't understand what you mean." ' Nonsense," he returned hotly, " you know 1 quite well that I love you, that I am devoted to 1 you. One day yon are kindness itself, and the i next we ipeet as strangers. This is not fair treatment, Hetty, and I am too passionate to 1 tolerate it any longer. You hold my heart, i Tell me truly whether I may hope ever to win .jours?' " It is'a rough wooing," she said with a smile. " But an honest one," he pleaded. " I shall never love again as I love you. Hetty, be kipd to me. Give pae the right to call you my own to the end of our days." He looked flushed, earnest, wistful. She was quite calm, aqd there was no sign of affection in her cold gaze. " Mr. Gould," she said, " I am sorry this iiss happened. I had DO idea that I had excited any such hope in your breast. I shall always chi'risii your friendship. I should be doing you a great wrong if I allowed you to hope for more." A deep sigh escaped him. I am heavily hit," he murmured, " but even this is better thau the torture of the uncertainty I have endured the last few weeks. 1 shall leave here to-morrow, and it is possible we may not meet again." " I sball always be glad to see you," she answered, in a low tone, and they walked back io the bouse in silence. She was too restless to rer.ain long indoors. She was glad to steal out into the open air again, aud be with her own thoughts. By Hie river she met George Fairfax, who astrd her if she had seen Gould. " He weut into the house a little while ago," she replied. " I have not yet congratulated you on your engagement," she added ; indeed, this is the first time we have been together since you have been here." " Yes '." something iu her tone made hiia search her face with interest. " I hope I shall be able to felicitate Gould on his good fortune. Have you accepted him ?" " No. How cau you ask such a question ? Have you forgotten all that has passed between you and me ? It is one life, one love, with me." She put her arm in his, aud looked up into his face pileously. " Good heavens, Hetty," he cried in distress, " do not talk in that strain. We have flirted, it is true, but I always imagined it was Gould you cared for. Now that he has come into money there is no reason why you should not marry." " You may despise me if you like," she said, " but the truth will out. I thought you had set your heart on me, and the awakening from my dream is as bitter as death." ' Poor girl, poor girl." He tried to soothe her with tender speeches. Before they joined the others he had kissed her as a brother might a 6ister. " He loves me still," she said to herself ; he loves me still, and I will win him yet I am glad I did not know that Gould has money It might have altered my answer to him, and I should have lost George for ever." On the following morning Gould returned to Loudon, and, a few days afterwards, George Fairfax followed him. CHAPTER II. Walter, my boy, you look as thin as lathe and as pale as a ghost. Women have a splendid theory that men do not feel love dis- appointments, but your affair with Hetty Melton seems to have knocked you over altogether." The speaker was George Fairfax, and the place his snug chambers in the Albany. " I feel horribly seedy. The worst of it is I can't drive her out of my mind. I know I am a confounded ass to bother myself any more about her, but I can't help it. Do you know, George, I sometimes fancy she loves you." " I hope not," was the steady reply. " Funny how the obstinacy of human nature makes people do the wrong thing. Folks seem to take a delight in breaking their own hearts, just as children like to tear up their toys. I am not sure that in the old days I might not have proposed to Hetty, bat I always regarded her as belonging to you. Of course, you know you have no rival in me, old boy ?" Oh, yes. Unfortunately that does not help matters. Bilboe has placed his yacht at my disposal, and I think of • doing ' the Mediterranean. Be a good fellow and join me." Thanks. Frankly, I must decline. The love sick Romeo is never a pleasant- companion, and there's metal at home more attractive. If Hetty had accepted you, you would not run away. You see I have Nora—" Excellent reason," said Walter, with an attempt at a smile, " and I accent it. The trip promises to be a delightful one, " I am sure I wonld enjoy it were I free." His servant entered with » Jetter for him. " Just a moment," said George to his friend, I'll see what this is." The contents of the epistle changed his whole manuer, sent the blood from his cheeks, the light from his eyes, " Excuse me for a few minutes," he said to Gould. •« I must answer this at once. Don't go away. I may go with you to the Mediter- ranean after all." Alone in another room he buried his face in his hands and groaned aloud. The communication he had received was sufficient to upset a man of even stronger nerve. The euvelope contained three letters. The first one he read ran thus : — The two notes I enclose explain themselves and need no comment from me. Having your welfare at heart, 1 am anxious to save you from the wiles of an unscrupulous flirt, whose vanity iB only equaled by her heartless wickedness. The enclosure consisted of two letters—one in its own envelope addressed to " Miss Nora Royce." It had passed through the post ai.d had been ojiened. It was front a man who signed himself " Gerald," and it contained terms of such passionate devotion as only an accepted lover wonld venture to pen. The other was without any cover. It was in Nora's handwriting, which Fairfax knew so well. That too, breathed affection in every line. The evidence of Nora's faithlessness seemed overwhelming to him. The blow was a crushing one. It was his nature to act on the impulse of the moment. The note addressed to her and the one she had written he immediately despatched to her, accompanied by 9 terse request for an explanation. To Walter Gould he said, " I have had some news which has upset me. I shall be bad company for you to- day, so you had better leave me to myself. I suppose you won't start for few days. Give me to the end of the week, and then I will say whether I can go with you or not.'' Gould thought it unwise to press for any explanation then. So he left his friend with a shake of the hand, which was intended to be sympathetic. As quickly as the postal arrangements would allow, Fairfax received a reply from Nora. It was one calculated to convince him of her duplicity. She thanked him for returning to her the two letters which had been stolen from her desk. She requested that he would also let her have back the diamond brooch which had been taken at the same time. He tore the missive into fragments, and wrote a few hasty lines to Walter to the effect that he was quite ready to start at any momeut. What has happened between you and George ?"said Hetty to Nora one morning ; "I am sure you have had a quarrel." "No quarrel," was her sad reply. "We have parted for ever. He has been guilty of a very mean trick. I have nothing but contempt for him." Don't talk like that," Hetty cried " he will come down here, and all will be explained." " He cannot come down here. He has gone abroad." Hetty sank into a chair. " Gone abroad ?" she repeated, in a hopeless voice. "Why didn't he come here first ? Where has he gone to ?" " I do not know. I do not want to know." Nora's silent grief was sad to see. As the days passed, she grew thinner, and more hollow became her eyes. Hetty suffered in different way, and perhaps harder, for she had to assume a lively manner she was far from feeling. The possibility of George Fairfax going away had never occurred to her. She had schemed to separate him from Nora, and win him for herself, and now she was farther from her goal than ever. He had nothing of moment to keep him in England. He might remain away for years, or eveu settle abroad. It added more gall to her bitterness of spirit to learn that Walter Gould had accompanied him. She had lost both when she thought herself most clever. Nora's fragile frame bore up badly over this, her second love disappointment. The doctors had to be called in, aud a variety of remedies were tried, aud in vain, There were no drugs that could kill the canker eating away her brain and preying on her heart. Finally the inevitable "change of scene" was recommended, and a sojourn in the island of Sicily determined on. Mr. Royce begged Hetty Melton to accompany his daughter, and this young lady very gladly accepted the offer. She needed something to distract her gnawing thoughts as much as the acknowledged invalid did. They had not been many days iu Palermo before they came face to face with Walter Gould and George Fairfax. The latter turned his eyes in another direction, but Walter remained a minute or so in conversation with them. " We must clear out of here," said George, when his friend rejoined him, " I can't breathe the same atmosphere with that girl." "My dear Fairfax," returned the other, "what yonr dispute with Miss Royce may be I do not know, for you have not thought it wise to enlighten me on that point. I have seen the girl I love, and I am going to make a second attempt to win her. I shall stay here a month. If yon care to craise about during this interval do so by all means. Here I remain." " Plain speaking at all events," said George. " You may remember that there was someone who cursed his ' candid friend,' but I am not likely to take that course with you. I sh^ll return to the yacht atronc.e, and—well, I wish you better luck with your marrying sche™e than I had myself,'^ 1 " Good," laughed Walter, " but don't forget to call for me this diy month or thereabouts. That evening lie called 011 I he two girls. Hetty's first question was, " What have you done with your friend Oh, answered Walter, " he does not care for Palermo. lie h:is siiled away." Hetty's heart, fell at this news. It had no visible effect on Nora. She felt that there could lie no future for her with George Fairfax. The shucking change which had come over Nora deeply exciled Gould's sympathy. He paid her considerable attention, and in the excursions llicy made daily afterwards he was always at her side, rendering her a thousnndand-oue little scrvic< s. His behaviour excited all the irritation anil jealousy in Hetty's nature. She began to think that after all she could tolerate Gould, especially as he was now wealthy. She was angry with herself for having rejected him. There seemed to be no chance of securing George Fairfax. It was anuoying to sec Nora taking up all Walter's time. Hetty wondered whether he had lost or forgotten his old passion for herself. Why should both these men run after that " poor ghost of a thing." Nora ? " You look wondrously well, Mr. Gould," she said to him one afternoon, as they sat watch- ing the Hue sea kissing the yellow 6tones. Nora had felt too ill to go out with them. " It is not long since you were quite melodramic in your misery. I suppose a man is never really ' heavily hit,' as you call it." She had turued the conversation in the precise direction he wished. " To be candid with you ,Miss Melton, I felt your rejection keenly. I suffer from it Btill Surely you will not wish to see one whining over it P I can endure and bear as a man should." " Has the world not yet taught you never to take a woman's first refusal as a final one P" She drew herself a little closer to him as ehe spoke. " Which means— P" he spoke slowly. " That I have felt as much pain as you. I would not give you the same answer now as I did then." Walter did not let his golden moment slip. He put his arm round her aud kissed her with a fervour that flushed her cheeks aud tangled her hair. " You love me then.?" he cried, catching his breath with difficulty. " Yes, and 1 always have." Though it was not so, she believed at that moment she spoke the truth. "There is one thing you must do," she added after a little ; " you must bring George Fairfax back to Nora." " I fear lhat is beyond my power. He has never takeu me into his confidence over this unhappy cnslrangemeut. Ho is quite resolved never to see her again, and she evidently does not wish to see him." " Nora has told me everything. 1 have made some iuquiries myself, aud I am sure, Walter, if we put our heads together, we can make them once more happy. I want it so much. I am tired of seeing her so ill aud wretched. I would give much now to undo the wrong that lias been done. Nora was engaged before, you know, at least you don't know, for Nora never talks about it to anyone. It is a closed subject. Gerald lilwin was his name. He died suddenly. At the time it seemed to break her heart. She found her own letters to him among his papers, and these, with the ones he had sent to her, she cherished. Someone, who had an ill-will to Mr. Fairfax, took one of each out of her desk and sent them to him. There were no dates on them, and even ou the envelope containing ono the postal mark was unreadable, as often happens. Mr. Fairfax naturally concluded that these communications wereof recent origin, and he sent them back to Nora with a sharp note. The poor girl quite as reasonably concluded that he had tampered with her desk, and had stolen tlie notes. So it is in this way that this trouble has come about. See him aud tell him this. Bring him to her. I went to see them happy now—now that I have you." " I should like to get hold of this scoundrel who played the dirty trick," declared Walter. " I shall only be too glad to be the means of making matters right between George and Miss Royce. Poor fellow ! He has suffered almost as much as I have. As for Miss Royce, it is easy to see that a reconciliation will save her life. Fairfax will be here ill a few days now. We must wait until he arrives. As I don't know where he is. it is impossible for me to communicate with him." For a moment Hetty's face was a study in perplexity. Had she impulsively made a false move ? A little consideration determined her that she had. It was too late now to go back, and she made herself as happy as she could in the tenderness which Walter showered on her. Nora received the news of her friend's engagement to Mr. Gould with genuine pleasure tinged with the mournfulness begotten of her own deep and bitter sorrow. It had been agreed that nothing should be said to her about the purloined letters until George Fairfax himself appeared 011 the scene. When at last he arrived at Palermo, he listened to Walter Gould's explanations with manifest concern. " I have wrouged the poor girl deeply," he said, "and she, quite unknowingly, has wronged me, I will go to her at once." The two friends went together, and they found Hetty and Nora by themselves. " I have come," said George, " to beg your forgiveness, Nora, for the wicked doubts I had about yonr faithfulness to me. You have also nursed wrong notions about me. The clouds that have been between us can now be dispelled by my friend here. We have been playing at cross purposes. I am hopeful that to-day will bring us the old brightness back again." Nora looked gladly up at him. Had they been alone it is more than probable a reconciliation would have been effected without the aid of either Mr. Gould or Hetty. Walter repeated substantially the story he had been told by the last-named young lady, Nora was silent until he had finished. Then, with sudden and unexpected vigour, she cried— " Who explained all this to you ?" Hetty made a movement to prevent Mr. Gould from answering, but he did not sec it. "Why, the dearest little woman in the world —my wife that is to he—Hetty Melton." "Then," declared Nora, "she, and she alone, must be the thief. No oue, except the person who robbed me and my self ever knew of my loss. Oh, Hetty, Hetty," moaned the girl, breaking down, "how could you be so wickedly cruel P You must have stolen my brooch, too, aud you know how I prized that." The men gazed at each other despairingly. This denouement was totally unexpected. Hetty Melton drew herself up to her full height. Her eyes flashed flames. " I have done my best," she said in a cold, slow way, " to reconcile you and Mr. Fairfax. It seems I have succeeded. For my pains I have a wicked accusation hurled at me. I think, Nora, that too much love has turned your brain. Mr. 1 Gould," she added, turning to him with quite a grand air, " I shall rely on your help to vindicate my character. We had better leave these people." Before she reached the door, Walter following her in a doubtful way, it was ilung- open aud the proprietor of the place in which they were staying, rushed in, his excitement being boundless. " The young ladies are to be congratulated." he cried, " a thief has been iuto their rooms. But we have caught him, oh, yes, he is caught. He was in the apartment of Mdlle. Melton, and very busy with her trunks. He had secured this lovely diamond brooch, bub we were too quick for him, and see, I have it here quite safe. Oh, the rascals, the common things arc not good euough for them." " Thank you," said Nora, gravely ; " that is my brooch." Hcttylooked round her, haughtily. Curiously enough, all her scorn was reserved for poor Walter Gould. "I suppose," she said, in freezing tones, "you are not man enough to accompany me from this house, where I have been so grossly insulted." He said nothing. He contented himself with bowing profoundly to her. She travelled back to England alone, probably satisfied on one point, that it is rather au irritating performance to siu in vain. 