BY TPIE Blue Australian Mountains (BY LILIAN TUUNEB.) CHAPTER XX. " Marie, come to bed. Do come to bed." " It's too bot, and much too early. Don't worry so, Celia !" " Don't be conventional, Marie, be cause it's only 8 o'clock. You Avouldn't come though you were dying." Marie put her elbows on the window sill and looked np at the blueness and stillness of the sky. Summer lay upon the land, and made it parched and dry. There was riot a breath of wind anywhere, and the mountains were only visible from the other windows ; not from hers, which left a sense of something wanting. The heat everywhere was intense. There was no coolness to be conceived of anywhere but in the far-away sky. She leaned her head on her arms and looked up at it. She could not understand herself. Everything jarred on her to-night Celia's voice, Wilfred's laugh in the other room where he and Joan were playing chess, the heat, the windless night-everything. She had hardly been there a week yet, and already she was longing passionately to be at home again. Arthur had not molested her. In deed, not by so much as a stray word or Look had ha reminded her that they were at one time more than friends. He was rigidly circumspect, and yet so friendly as to cause no hurt feelings. Marie began to respect him sin cerely. Dut all of her thoughts were with Lankester. She tortured herself over his story. She fretted over his misery, and she longed with an un speakable longing to see him again. " Marie, do come to bed," said Celia again. " Yrou've been looking like a parched up ghost for a week." " Check !" cried Joan in a trium phant tone. " I believe its check mate." Two people came along the white street making a long resounding tramp as they walked. Marie looked down idly. " That's Mr. Holden's cottage," said Rainbow's familiar voice ; " an' good night to you, sir." Celia coughed. " Who was that, Marie ?" She asked « Was it Arthur ?" " No," answered Marie, in a irignwnea voice. " JL can't see wno it is. It's too dark." " Check !" cried Joan again ; and Lankester, for it was he, stood still, at the very sound of her voice. " Ah !" he said to himself, drawing a deep breath, and crossing over to the door. "Atlast!" Joan laughed out again, and Lankester felt instinctively for his breast pocket, where his little revolver lay. " You always lose a bishop when you make that opening," said, she, " and that little pawn would have saved him, you silly boy." The door was wide open, BO Lan kester merely walked straight 'in. At the dining-room door he paused and leaned up against the woodwork. There were only two people in the room, and neither looked upr or paid the least attention to his pres' ince. Joan was wholly engrossed over the chessboard, her fingers boating a medi tative tattoo on the table. Wilfred was frowning heavily, Jae always did that when his wife was winning easily, and just now his queen was in jeopardy. " I made a false move th.en," he said morosely, and pushing his piece along. " I didn't see 37our castle.'1' Joan laughed, took a stride with a bishop, and held up the captured queen. " You robbed Peter then to pay Paul," she cried, and raised her head suddenly. Lankester laughed grimly at the quick whiteness of her face. " I'm afraid you*re check thia tillite," he said, after a pause. Joan only sat still and looked at him. " It's been a long game," continued Lankester, moving forward into tho room, " but I think you're checkmate this time I" ' Wilfred sent all the chessmen over with one sweep. His face was white too, but he stood up and looked calmly at Lankester. " Well ?" he asked. "Well?" said Joan, leaning back and regarding him with, steady eyes, " You've found me at last." " Yes," said Lankester. " Well ; what are you going to do ?" He laughed savagely, and his hand went to his pocket in reply. " Yes," said Wilfred, " I see. Do you suppose we have not thought of that !" He brought out his own re volver. Joan laughed. " It's to be stale-mate, you see," she said. " Yes-perhaps. Your ideas of settlement are rather rapid, though," Laskester remarked. " That was my first thought, too. Now my opinions have changed a little. There are more ways of ven geance than one." " Yes," .said Wilfred. " There's penal servitude for the man, isn't there ? and for the woman there's-divorce." Lankester bowed. " And public shame and probable poverty, and a thousand other little things," he said. Joan shuddered. " Your first thought was the best," she cried, " the last is spiteful and mean." "It's legal though! My God, do you think I am going to have all my life cursed with your shadow? I might-I should have shot you at first when I loved you. Now I'm older. There never was a love in the world so strong as hate." " Hush," said Joan, " who is this ?" The door handle turned and Marie came in, a great fear and questioning in her eyes. Lankester's face changed instantly. Even hate fell away before this new love of his. " My God !" he cried, " I had for gotten." Marie put out her hands to him, both hands, and he took them into his without a word. In that moment Joan saw and understood all things. Lan kester preserved absolute silence. The large and masterly range of coin cidences made him forget even ven geance. " Now you will like us to go out," said Joan after a long pause, " there is something more to think of it seems. You will find us in the front room when you want us." Larikester watched them go out. ! Then he dropped Marie's hands and shut the door. He remembered all the sorrow he had to tell her, and he forgot everything else with a swift forgetfulness. A simple glance at his face showed her that whatever it was that had happened, it struck deeply. He went close to her again and took her hand, looking down into her eyes -" What have you heard ?" he asked, " tell me what you have heard?" "I didn't heair anything," said Marie, " hut I kcsow it is something dreadful. Whaufc is it? Is Wilfred found?" " Only hy me. Drop Wilfred ; for get him. He is sight enough. Marie -no don't draw away from me. I want you. You imusé come home." " I can't ; you: doa't understand." c< Yes you can. Yena can't stay here now. As well-oh, my darling-how shall I tell you. I-I've brought a sorrow to you. X wish I could bear it for you !" Marie looked up .anxiously, " A new one ?" she asked. " Yes, dear. I can't tell you. Think of all the fe vils that might befall you and-help me beloved." Marie thought swiftly, " You are not ill ?" she asked, stand ing up close beside him suddenly. " Tell me-it is nothing dreadful like that-" " It is-like âhat "-he dropped his voice-" only it is not nie. Think again." " It is my mother !" " No. It is Alice." There was a dreadful finality about the sentence. Marie looked at him with, wild eyes. " Is she ill ?" she asked in a whisper, and Lànkester drew her towards him again. " Yes," he said, " she was. It was pneumonia, Marie." " Yes." " Short and sudden. We hadn't time to fetch you, dear. It-it was only this morning. They didn't recognise the danger till last night." " Yes," said Marie again. " That is all. " Oh, my darling !" Marie put out her hands blindly. " She is-dead," she said, catching her breath. " Marie !" Not even the greatest love the world lias can make death other than death -the great final amen ! The awfulness and the icy lone liness entered into Marie's heart, and she clung to Lankester silently trying to grasp its meaning. " Dead," Bhe said, " dead-Alice, my sister. Dead, and we had quar relled !" And still she could not understand. The words were ompty. The knowledge, even the sight, of death is not at once sufficient. It is only after we have groped through life and listened to the great silence and endured the loneliness that death leaves that we can realise what it means, and then the first pain has gone, and we too, perhaps, are face to face with death. Then we under stand. The door was pushed violently open and Wilfred came in. Ile looked white and excited, and shook Lankester's shoulders roughly. " Let her go," he said angrily, " let her go, or I'll shoot you." Lankester laughed. In the midst of life Death is often forgotten, even though his fingers lie over our hearts. " Marie, go out of the room," cried Wilfred, excitedly. " Go out of the room before you make me do what you will be sorry for to the end of your life." Marie raised her face. It was dazed and white, and lay close to Lankester's shoulder. From the. . clasp in which he held her, it would have been difficult to move. Besides which she did not attempt it. "Alice is dead," she said, as though she had been learning a lesson, and the time had come for her to repeat it. " I don't care who the devil is dead," cried her brother raising his voice, " I'd sooner have you dead than see you there." " Let her go, Robert," cried Joan, in an imploring voice from the doorway. " Let her go, leave her alone. Marie, come aAvay ; "Wilfred be quiet." Wilfred went white, his eyes blaz ing upon Lankester. He tried to drag them apart savagely and speech lessly. In the midst of passion even love is forgotten. The predominating idea in Lankester's mind at that moment was that Marie was the twin sister to Revenge. He held her close as some thing very dear, and he laughed, as men do sometimes laugh in the most intense moments, of their lives. Joan saw Wilfred's face with its capabilities and incapabilities and flew over to his side. She was trembling and perfectly white, and her hands clung to his arms wildly. " Let . them go, let them go," she implored. " Let me speak. I will tell her, Marie. Oh, Wilfred, come away." Lankester looked at her and was glad. The gods were good to him at last. Good with an intoxicating goodness. He dropped his face till his eyes entered into Marie's soul, and made it his. " Tell them you love me," he said, suppressively ; " tell them how you love me." Marie responded to his need. " I love you," alie said, intensely* " with till my soul." Joiin's voice came in a -wail of sup* plication. "Mario, for God's salce, come away t Marie, come away !" Wilfred's hand was stumbling over his wife's arm, on its way to his pocket. His lips were as white as his face, and his eyes as strange and wild as men's eyes can te when the heart is almost still through, the madness of thc mind. Lankester still had Marie's soul in his keeping. He strained closer, never once letting his eyes leave hers. " Tell thom," he said, vehemently, "you belong to me-you'll do what ever I say you shall do. Tell them." " Everything-for ever-for ever you say !" cried Marie, passionately. His hand dashed at Joan's arm and threw it aside, and in a second he had brought his revolver from his pocket, but he was as one to whom speech is not known. His lips were moving, but no words fell from them. . In that speechless moment that was filled with nothing save the sound of fall ing kisses, Joan tasted wildness of grief, great enough to have satisfied even Lankestex-. With a cry half of supplication, half of despair, she flung herself be tween Marie and Lankeater. And in that moment Wilfred's fingers pressed closely upon his revolver. There was a cry as if all the love and misery in the world had met and greeted, and then there was a silence as if they were dead. Wilfred knelt down on the floor with a face from which even tho whiteness had fled and left it grey as the twilight of old age. " Joan !" he cried huskily, suppli autly ; "Joan, Joan I" Marie leaned forward. She was in Death's shadow now, and the great fear that lives there rushed into her soul. She knelt down beside her brother and put her hand over Joan's heart. " She is not dead," she said, in a strained whisper. " What shall we do? What shall we do?' She looked up at Lankester, but he only stood still with folded arms and set stern face. " Robert !" she cried sharply ; " help us-she is dying." " Yes ; I think so !" "Oh, what shall we do ? A doctor, Robert ; help me-tell me." j Wilfred dashed out of the room and through the front door. At the gate ne met Matthew Rainbow. " A doctor-quickly," be said, grasp ing the man's arm j " it's life and death- be quick !" "When he was back in the room he found everything exactly as he had left it. After a while Lankester spoke. " There's-brandy," he said, in a mechanical sort of way; and Wilfred rushed to get it. ? ' When Marie looked round at him with dazed eyes, his brain spoke again. " You might-chafe her hands," he said dully, and Marie bent all her energies over the still brown hands. Wilfred turned towards Lankester. " For God's sake help us ! " he said in. a broken, beseeching voice. Joan opened her eyes. "Ask a man to save his own wife!" she said, and Marie fell back at the words, as though the bullet had passed through her heart. " Robert !" " Joan !" Wilfred flung himself on his knees beside her, and began to sob wildly. She put her hand on his head and ran her Angers through his hair in the old loving way. Then she looked at Lankester. . " I suppose I am dying." she said panting a little, because life when it is ebbing'gives breath very grudgingly. " I otight to say I am sorry. I ought to ask your forgiveness. I'm not going to, because I'm not sorry. What I have done I would do a hundred thousand times over for his sake." The Angers were going more slowly amongst the hair now. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 