II OIK COfflfl. l A DOCTOR'S STORY. (ooKosnwi.) Mackenzie and I, aooceapaaied by tbs -neUoe-ooostable and the ooroner’s man, fol lowed the bearers of the coffin to the mor tui;. As we were going there, I turned .to ask Mackenzie how hie patient was. He shook hie head as he answered me. “ I fear the worst,” he replied. “ Mrs Heathoote is very ill indeed. The fever rages hiirhSnd is like* consuming fire. Her tem perature was a hundred and five this morn' lag.” , "I should recommend pocking her in sheets wrung out efooldwater,” I answered. “Poor woman!—how do you amount for this sudden illness, Mackenzie ?" He shrugged his shaulden. “ Shook of some sect,” he answered. Then he continued : “Ifehe really knew of tins day's work, it weald kffl her off pretty qaiekly. Poor soul,'”he added, “I hope it may never reach her ears.” We hod now reached the mortuary. The man who had borne the ooffin on thoir shoulders lowored it on to a pair of trestles. They then toek tumsorews out of their poekots, sod in a busineea-like and callous manner unscrewed the lid. After doing this tbqyteft'the mortuary, closing the door behind. The moment wo found ourselves alone, I; said a word to the police oonstable, and then going quickly up to the coffin,'lifted the lid. Under ordiaar yciicumstanoes, suoh a pro ceeding wonld bo followed by appalfing results, which 'need not hero be described. Mackenzie, whose face'was veiy white, stood Marne. 1 looks* at him far a moment, and ■tban Smg aside tfae pall whichwas meant to conoealthe faoeof the deed. The dead truly 1 Here was death, which had never, inaay sense, known life like ours. Mackenzie'uttered a loud exclamation. The constable and the coroner’s man camo close. T lifted a bag of flour out of the ooflkt There were many similar bags there. It had been olosely paoked, and evidently with a view to-counterfeit1 the oxact weight of the dead-man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speechless. The coroner’s man began to' take oopious notes ; the police-constable gravoly did the Mackenzie at last found his tongue. ‘I-ncver felt more Htuuned in my life,” be •aid. “ In very truth, I all bat saw the man die. Where'in he! In the name of Heaven, wbat'has become of him 1 This is the most monstrous thing I faavo over heard of in the whets course of my life, and—and I attended the'foneral of those ‘nags of flour!’ Ho wonder that woman never cared to see mo inside the house again. But what pozzies me,” he eontimied, “ is the motive—what nan the motive be!” '‘'Perhaps one of - the insurance companies can tell ns that,’’ said the police-officer. “It famy dnfy-to report this thing, nir(’’ he con "tiaued, turning to me. “I have not the least doubt that tho Crown will prosecute." “I cannot at all proventyour taking what •tope yen 'think proper,” .1 replied, “only pray understand that the poor lady who is the principal perpetrator in this fraud lies at the, present moment at death’s door.” “We "must get the man himBelf," mur mured the police offioer. “If he is alive we •hall soon find him.” Half an hour later Maokenzie and I had leftthe dismal oemetery. I had- to hnrry back to Harley btreat to attend to • some important dnties, but I mrmnged" to meet Mackenzie that evening at the Heathcotes home. I need not say that my thoughts were much ocoupied with Mrs Henthoote and her miserable story. What a life that wretched. Hsathcote mast have led during-the last six months. Ho wonder he looked'oadaveirons as the moonlight fell over his gaunt figure.' Ho ghost truly was he, bat s-manof like fleBh and blood to ourselves—a man who was supposed to be buried in Eiensal Green," but who yet walked the earth. -; Tt was abont eight o’olook when 1 reaohed the Heathcotes’ house. Mackenzie had al Ullll I “Where is "Miss" Gabrielle?” I askf^ at “ Poor child,” he replied; “ I have begged of her to stay -in her room. She knows nothing of what took place this morning, bnt is in a terrible state of grief about her mother. That- unfortunate woman's hoars are num bered. She is sinking fast. Will you come to her at once, Halifax—she has asked for yon several times.” Accompanied "by Mackenzie, I mounted the stairs and entered tho sick room. One glance at the patient's face showed me all too plainly that I was in the ohamber of death. Mrs Heathoote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still thehair of quite a young woman, was -flung back over the .pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached the bedside. Something like the ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy hand ve grasp mine. . “ Don’t stir,” I Baid to her. “ Perhaps you want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I have very good hearing, so yon can speak as low as you please.” She smiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. “ I have something to confess,” she eaid, in a hollow whisper. “Send the nurse and— and Dr Mackenzie out of the room.” I was obliged to explain the dying woman’s wishes to my brother physician. He called to the nnrse to follow him, and they immediately left the room. As soon a$ they had done so I bent my head and took one of Mrs Heathoote’s hands inmine. “ How.”’I said, ” take oomfort. God can forgive sin. Yon Save Binned ?” “ Oh, yes, yes j but how can you possibly know ?” “Hever mind. I am a cood judge of character. If telling me will relieve your conscience, speak:” “ My husband is alive,” she murmured. “ Yes," I eaid, “ I guessed as much.” “ He had insured his life,” she continued, “for—for about fifteen thousand pounds. The money was wanted to—to save us from dishonor. We -managed to counterfeit-— She stopped, as if unable to proceed any further. “A week ago," she continued, “I—I saw the man who is supposed to be dead. He Is really dying now. The strain of knowing that I could do nothing for him—DOthing to oomfort his last momenta—was too horrible. I felt that I could not live without him. On the day of my illness I took—poison,; a pre paration of "Indian hemp. I meant to kill myself. I did not know that my objeot would beeffeoted in bo terrible a manner.” Here she looked towards the door. . A greatchange oame over her face. Her eyes •hone with sudden brightness. A look of awful joy Ailed them. Sim made a frantic effort-to raise herself in bed. I followed tbe direction of her eyes, and then, indeed, -a startled exolamation passed Gabrielle, with her cheeks crimson, her lips tremulous, her hair tossed wildly about her head and shoulders, was advancing into the room, leading a cadaverous, ghastly-locking man by the hand. . In other words, Heath esto himself in the flesh had come into his wife's dying chamber. ** Oh,Horaoe!”she exclaimed ; “Horace —to diein your arms—to knowthat yon will aeon join me. This is too much bliss—this is too great joy!” The man knelt by her, put his dying arms round'her, and laid hear head on his worn brsa*t;.: ■ '' We will leave them together,” I said to Gahridfo. ?'' I took the poor little girl's hand and led her from jffie room. . She was ina frantic state of exoitement. “Isaid he was not dead,” she repeated— “1 always said It. I was sitting by my window a few ruinates ago, and I saw him in the garden. This time I was determined that he should not escape me. I rushed. downstairs. He kaew nothing until ho saw me at his side. I caught his hand in mine. It was hot and thin. , It was like a skeleton's hand—only it burned with living fira.r ‘ Mother is dying— , ooae to her at oooe,’ I said to hini| and than I brought kin into the hoosa.” “ Ion did wall—you aated vory bravely, ’ I replied to her. , I took her away to a distant’, part of the An hoar latcc, Mrs Hcathooto died. I vraa not with her when she breathed her last. My one object now was to do what I could lor poor little Gabrielle. In consequence, therefore, Z made arrangements to have-an interview with Heath oote. It was ne longer possible lor the wretched man te remain ta hiding.. His own hours were plainly numbered, and it wsb more thanevident that he had only anticipated his real death by some I saw him the next day, and he told me in a lew briei words the story of his supposed . death and burial. “ I am being severely punished now,” he said, “for the one great sin-of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and. when a young man was tempted to appropriate some trust. lands—hoping, liko many - another had done before me, to replace the money before the Josh'was discovered. I married, and had a. happy home. My wife and I were devotedly attached to each other. I_ was not strong, and more than one phystoian told me that' I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight months ago the blow which I never looked lor fell. I need not.' enter into particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over lil2;000, the amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within three months’ time. If I failed to realise this money, im prisonment, dishonor, ruin, would be mine.. My wile and child would also be reduced to beggary. I had effeoted an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. II this sum could be realised, it would cover the "deficit In'the trust, and also leave a small overplus lor the use of my wile and daughter. I knew that my daya were practically numbered, and it did not strike me as a particularly heinous crime to fore stall my death by a few months. I talked the matter over with my wife, and at last got her to consent to help me. We managed everything cleverly, and not a soul suspeoted the fraud whioh was praotised on the world. Our old sorvants who had lived with us for years, were Bent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the house except a charwoman, who oiimo in for a certain number of hours “You managed vonr supposed dying condition with great skill,” I answered. ' “That hemorrhage, the ghastly expression 1 oi your face, were sufficiently real to deceive 1 oven a koen and clever man like Mackenzie.” ' Heathcote smiled grimly. ! “ After all,” ho mill, “the fraud was simple enough. I took an emetic, whioh I know would ' produce the cadaverous hue of approaching ' death, and the supposed hemotrhaste was 1 managed with somo bullock's blood. I got it ' from a distant butcher, telling him that I wanted it to mix with meal to feed my dogs 1 with.” ■ “ And hoir did you deceive the under ' taker’s men ?” I a eked. 1 “My wife insisted on keeping my face oavered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. As to the necessary coldness, I was oold enough lying with only a sheet over me. 1 After I was placed in the coffin mv wife ' would not allow anyone to enter the room but herself; she brought me food, of aouree. We bored holes, too, in the coffin lid.. Still, 1 I shall no ter forget the awful five minutes during whioh I was sorewed down. “ It was all managed with great expedition. As soon as over the undertaker's men could ; be got out of the way, my wife unsorewed the coffin and released me. We then filled : it with bags of floor, whioh we had already ’ seonred and hidden for tho purpose. My supposed funeral took place with due honors. 1 I left the house that night, intending to ship to America. Had I done this, the appalliug consequences whioh have now ended in tho death of my wife might nover have taken plaoe, but at tho eleventh hour, my courage 1 tailed me. I could do muoh to shield my wife and child, hut I could not endure the thought of never seeing them again. _ (Jon trary to all my. wife's entreaties. I insisted on rnwing. into the garden, for the selfish (Mmm■» rlij—ii snmi—t"1' nolle s little figure, aa fine moved about her ; bedroom. She saw me onoe, bnc I escaped through the shrubbery and by a door , whioh we kept on purpose unlocked, i before she reached me. I thought I : would never again transgress, but onoe more the temptation assailed me, and I was not proof against it. My health failed rapidly. I was really dying, and on the morning when my wife's illness began, had suffered from a gennine and very sharp attaok of hemorrhage. She found me in the wretohed lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery, and almost destitution. Something in my appearance seemed suddenly to make her loBe all self-control. “ ‘ Horace,' she exclaimed, * X oannotsfand this. When you die, Twill die. We will carry our Bhame and our sorrow and our unhappy love into the grave, where no man oau follow us. Wh6n you die, I will die. Oh. to Bee you like thin drives me mad !’ “ She left me. She told me when 1 saw her during those last few momenta yesterday, that she had hastened her end by a powerful doBe of Indian hemp. That is the Btory. I know that I have laid myself open to criminal pro secution of the gravest character, bnt 1 do not think I shall livo to go through it.” Heathcote was' right. He passed away that evening quite quietly in his slesp. Poor little Gabrielle 1 I saw her onoe since her parents' death, but it is now a ooaple of years since I have heard anything about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she was subjected ? What does the future hold in Btore for her 1 I can not answer these questions. Tims alone can do that.—“Strand Magazine.” 