SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHIOH GIRL DID HE MABRY? Br Skipp BorlasBi Anthor of " For True Iiove's Sake," "Thna Lovely Women," " Darker than Death," " An Ooean Seoret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron J" " The Police Minuter,"&c.; The bride was found to be sufficiently tocovered to sit up on the gentlemen's return ho the dining-room, but ebe was still very pals and agitated, and her father's imperious demand that she should then and then declare what bad frightened her did pot at all tend to restore her equanimity. She declared that she "thought it nit ghost whioh had looked in at the window, and little wonder, too, when the faoe was so deathly white." "i But to this plausible, enough explanation Mr. Radoliffe rejoined, " Stuff and uonssnse, wench. You thought no such thing, for your words were ' Great God he lire*! He is there !' and how could a ghost live? The thing is ridiculous on the face of it. Ton are tryingr to throw dust in our eyes." "When people are frightened cmt of their senses they don't know what they say, father," retorted the bride, whilst an expression came into her eyes that assuredly was not all fear. "I won't be called to: account in this manner, ill as I feel, Sir Harry; I am your wife as well ai his child, and so I look to yon for protection, "she added appealingly. "My dear sir, yonr oanduot is really too' violent, on an occasion like the present, with a timid and distressed girl for an opponent; Lady Howarth is within her rights in appeal" ing to husband in suoh an instance—evsn against a father—and—I—I really mnstiiuUl, Mr. RadoliSe, on tbe subject being changed," " Eh, what'e this? Mustn't I question tnx own offspring? A pretty kettle of fish, I do declare," exolaimed the cholerio patient. " Barbara, you are >• mother, and may still, I suppose, exeroise a mother's rights. So take the pert hussey into another room, and see that you get ont of her 4hat I insist onknewr ing. Odds bodkins, I hardly know whether I'm on my head or my beels, matters ore getting so topsy-turvey—blest if they aren't "I think," suggested Sir Harry, in reply to an appealing look from his bride, " that the time has come round 'for our departure, and I sincerely hope that no unpleasantness may be connected with the last' few minutes whidh Lady Howarth wiU spend in the home ' of her parents and of her ohildhobd. I am quit* satisfied with the explanation whioh she has just given us, wherefore I really think that every one else should be." j " Rose," he added, turning to his wife with a smile, " I'm not going to take you to your new home on a pillion, but in a carriage, which I have had sent up from London for the express purpose, and of oouree for yonr future n*e as well. But as suoh: a vehicle has never yet been seen in theie parts yon must not mind being stared at as we pass up Yorksbirestieet. He had intended this carriage to have been an agreeable surprise, for though such vehicles had been introduced into England, in company with pocket watches, as early as the reign, of Elizabeth, and had grown quite common In London in that of James tbe First, they were; almost unknown luxuries in Lancashire np to 1770, owing greatly, no doubt, to the roads: being too narrow and too rough for their use,. and this was assuredly the first that had ever - entered Rochdale. - Sir Harry had let the cat ont of the bag thns prematurely in order to divert attention into' another channel, and, as a oarriage was neoeisarily oonnected with horses, it had that effeotupon Mr. RadoliSe, in whose affection! both' horses and dogs took rank before either wife * or children. " Hey, what's this, a coach suohas the King: rides in, and for my daughter's use, too.. Bless my heart and soul, you don't say so. Allow me the pleasure of taking wine with you, Sir Harry. Rose, you young rogue, go > and get your travelling things on at onoe. Don't have the ill-breeding to keep a ooaoh ; waiting, for I believe the Lord Mayor of London rides in one as well. Odds - bodkins, this is a surprise. A fresh war with Pranoe would be nothing to it. A daughter of John Radoliffe, of the Wood, to ride in a ooaoh! t Well I never 1 Let us hurry,out, and have m' good look at it before the horses are pnt to." - Rose oast upon her husband a grateful look, and a proud one as well, and then instantly * quitted the room with her mother, her bridesmaids following her closely. Yet, despite the presence of the fonr beautiful girls Mrs. Radcliffe found an opportunity of whispering in her daughter's ear, whilst slipping on her cloak— " Whose faoe really was it that you saw peering in at the window, my dear child?" "Poor Ruth's wretched 'and abandoned husband's, mother. Of course I was reticent before all those people. Wasn't I quite rif ht in avoiding creating a publio scandal, which papa, in his unthinking passion, almost forced upon me ?" "You aoted very properly, my dear. But what made you so astonished ai beholding, Halcamus Greenwood alive when we have never heard even oi his being ill. Cut it be possible that you have reoeived a seoond letter from dear Rath and never told me." " No, mamma, I have not had so muoh as a line from poor Ruth of late, on my honour." "Then wherefore the surprise, and bow occasioned V' "I don't know. How oan I tell? Does any one know what they say or do when frightened out of their very senses ? I dsolars, mother, you are as bad as father." " Rose, how is it that yon keep on applying Ruth's epithets to us, wnieh even in her oase I had so strong an objection to that I was continually censuring her for making use of them? Up to last night you never spoke of or addressed either of us except as papa and mamma. You can't think how it stabs me to the very heart. "Oh, don't go finding fault with a mere slip of the tongue and nothing more, and goodbp as soon as you like if you are beat on lecturing. You shall find me better behaved when I've ones been installed as mistress at Clegg Hall, so farewell you foolish fond old thing, aad be sure to oome over tosee me as soon as ever you can ; when, if he'll allow me, I'll introduce ypn to that distinguished personage, the family boggart." So saying, Rose, who had oommenoed speaking in oroBS and irritable tones, but softened down as she proceeded, kissed and hugged her mother in an impulsive and halfhysterical sort of way, and ended up by an attempt at laughter, which was a most lamentable failure. As though aware of this, and dreading further questioning in consequenoe, she hastily called her bridesmaids around her, and managed so as not again to be left alone with her mother for a single instant until the moment of their final parting arrived. This was somewhat hurried by the, to her, most weloome announcement conveyed ia the impatient tones of her father that *' the ooaoh was at the door, and ooaohes musn't be kept waiting," whereupon there ensued a volley of kissings and huggings, and a minute later the bride found herself seated inside a roomy and much-begilded vehicle, in shape very like a large meat pie, where, aooording to custom, a posset jug was brought to her to take a good drink out of, the concoction being compounded of new milk, fine bread, ourrants, spice, and rum. As she felt in absolute need of suoh aoordial she_ indulged in a deep draught thereof, after whioh her husband sprang in beside her, and iil^iilHl- shower of shoes fallowed them by wvjr itl b«ison as the oumbrous vehicle. dnrtii ;t>y a pair «f powerful horMS. turnedroimd mth the rim* of a Noah's Ark and slowly tolled out of the (rounds. -JTkree minutes later they wera on the bridge, a«?%ta>y'4 just rumbled across it and gained Um'Wm when Rose was surmised at Sir Harry Vthrnkting his head ont of the window sMftPisg to the driver to stop, i ^ppMittjr the oarriage had been brought to a •tM^atill her husband beckoned np three in- Snnib, two of whom carried four- batbed dan,''.and .the third a net all racking with .SMlsk as indeed were the men. ffYon'Ve just returned frost drawing the rim, 2aee, said the baronet. "Have you <B|pewBred^ught of the missing lady who it was drowned last night ?" ,v'Sfl, sir," responded one of the men. a're niMe obanoe of doing ao later on, for ' Isniikn strong net ill across the stream I'S Bed, and depend most on that. . n fishing with these things bom for. >||jifce of doing something than in the ex- " that muoh wonld ooma ont of it, on we there hasn't." tm Drill bone that the hat was only blown ody'a head into the stream," replied _et. j'but yon nee, Sir Harry, the young rtvisr earned back to the inn, even though fittped a bed there, and her nag is still' s,;wd the landlady swears that the hat - pefL was iters, eo that it's almost hoping hope to do as you say. I'm muoh afeard, ' > *re we all, that we shall find her corpse net Under Tyrone's Bed when we visits It morzow, for I don't for a moment ittthat.she had been washed any lower f^ftMream beforewo sefeit. A corpse I slow in the swiftest cm-rent, or at least teen my experience of 'pm." 'ell, I won't detain you, my good ifaiowsv . I shall ba in town again to-morrow, mdthsn shall doubtless learn something more ddnit^ Wd God grant that it may not be so 1M jH^efear. Meanwhile, here's a guinea, sotlsat yon may wet yourselves within whilst xmdrjryoorsdves without," and tossing them inoin the baronet bade bis eoaehman drive polled np the window, and reseated him- ' Jbegida his bride. round at bar be perceived that she as a corpse again, and putting as _ ior breath^ . '^nter. Rose," he said, in half wondering iaM*,'!?.wb»t slight things affsot you of late, railways thought that you ware a btave and inmfcinlttded girl until this morning. Oome, *$sis c>hildi*h.. To be sorry for tbe poor lady ifvshe really is drowned is one thing, but to }<x>k *» though you were going to swoon and jfo bMaose of tbe ooourrenoe is quits another, nnd thiak of something else. ' CHAPTER VIII. LEAVING THE PiKENTAi BOOF. WHAT CAVE OP DRAGGING THE BIVXB. 