©n\ TTsjOtsnn^o's Pitman Sjocfcuc©. In tho Town Hall on Monday night tho Rov. Dr. Talmogo, in the prosonco of a vory largo audienco, rop.oated, with oomo olight variations, hio leoturo, ao formerly delivered, on Evolution, tho full title of tho leoturo being, ' Whoro do wo como from ? Are we childten of God or ohildren of gorillas ? ' Tho audience was ia a whole ao appreciative and enthusiastic ao Dr. Talmago'a audiences customarily are. For tho first time in Sydnoy thoro waoatonopoint, nnd apparently only from ono person, audible expressions of diGGont, but thoro woro not euffioiently vehomont to cause dioordor nnd were only of short duration. It is probablo that thio utterance on Evolution hao provoked mbro opooial dis cussion nnd incidentally more emphatic notico, both approving and condemnatory, than, poihaps, any othor in the lecturer's ao concerno the caso for Evolution is dis tinctly antagonistic, while hio own con tentions are for the greater port rather .oweeping than definitely critical. Commenc ing with the otatoment that ' there is no conflict between genuine science and rovolation,' and adding that tho majority of tho groat discoverers in tho soiontific Gold have hold tho Biblo to be inopired and tho Biblo voroion of tho creation consequently i acsurato, ho said that ' botwoon soionco, I falsely co-callod, and roligion thoro io open war, and ono or tho othor muot go down. Evolution,' ho oaid, ' in the firat placo, io up-and-down, out and-out infidolity. In tho uucona piace, it is contrary to an tno iacis of cuionco; and in tho third place it io brutalising in ito tondonoy ' — in which indictmont it may bo oaid that tho main contentiono of tho lecturer's utterance were otatod in driof. '? I say nothing non against j infidolo ' ho continued. ' I'm not preaohing now ; I'm lcotaring. Thomas Paino, and Hump, and Yoltairo no moro diobelieved the Biblo than do theso scientists who proolaim Evolution,' If, ho oaid, the loading Evolu tionists wero plaoed on tho witness stand, it would bo fonnd that they disboliovod tho Holy Scriptures as a whole ; tho Biblo story of tho creation, the truth of tho Gospel □ arrntiven innmpninn nhrinf.'n mirnrdnn. tho vienriouo atonoment cf Christ, tho re generating power of tho Holy Ghost, and tho offioacy of human supplication directod he-ivonward. That was infidelity. Herbert Spencor proposed to test one of theso points ?by taking two hospital wards, and having tho inmates of one prayed for and tho patients in tho other lot alone. He (Dr. Talmage) at once pointed out tho impossibility of such a test,- ' for,' saicl ho, 'jusjt as you get tho ex I periraent going some loving old woman some i night will forget cloan all about the experi ment and prav for all sufferers.' (Lauohter.^ In tho Biblo account of tho creation God said, ' Let us make man in our own image,' and Ho created him in Hia own image ; ' male and female created He them,' and He breathed into them tho breath of life, ' tho whole story,' said Dr. Talmage, 'setting forth the idea not of a perfect ourang-outang but of a perfect man. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Now put against that tho Evo lutionist accounts. Away back in the age3 there were four or five primal germs, or seminal spores, from which all living crea tures gradually evolved themselves. As Herbert Spencer was not present at the creation, and God Almighty was, I prefer to take tho divine account of what happened on that occasion.' Even accepting tho evolu tionist dogmas, could Darwin or Spencer or anv nf f.hoit* cnY*f. ♦oil him TvVift mndfi f.V-o primal germ 1 (Hear, hear.) Herbert Spencer, indeed, had made the most straight forward reply to that. question, and he, for sooth ! ascribed tho origin of the germ to the great unknowable mystory.' (Applause). Huxley camo along with a pail of protoplasm, the Professor's ' primal life-giving quality.' That protoplasm wa3 to explain everything. Who mado the protoplasm ? But the state ments made in support of tho ovolution theory contradioted nut merely the Bible but the very A B C of science. Every scientist knew that a species never developed into nnything but its own specie3. Hybrids were sterile, A great scientist had discovered from rock strata that certain of our insects existed in the same form 30,000 years ago. Someono might say ' Is there no contradic tion thero ? Is thio world, according to your Bible, 30, 000 years old V Alter that phrase ' In the beginning,' in the book of Genesis, thoy could roll in five hundred thousand millions or years if they chose: God mado every fowl and beast and living creature 'after his kind,' and thero was no sort of ovolntion anywhere. Ho would not stultify his mind by surrendering to tho elaborated guesses of evolutionists. (Applause.) It wa3 the same with tho creation of tho earth. The Biblo said God created it. Evolution I said that far back in the years a fire inist turned into granite and granito becanje earth. Who made tho ' fire-mist' 1 They might puoh God 60 or 70 millions of milno from tno oarth. but ho would still bo too near for tho health of tho evolutionists. (Laughtor.) Agaooiz, Hugh Miller, Fara day, Browoter— all eminent scientists, and' all anti ovolutionioto. In caustio and strik ing languago tho lccturer stigmatisod tho doctorino otatod by Darwin in Natural Soloction, ond by Wallaco in tho Survival of tho Fittest, as unnatural and visionary — vory boautiful, but very absurd. What did Christ cay on that question ? ' Oat of tho mouth proceed ovil thoughts, murdor, fals= spoaking, blasphomy.' Givo natural ovolu tion full owing, and it ^would involve tho reign of crime and boastlinosn. No natural ovolution could dovolop goodnooa from tho human hoarfc. Noithor woo evolution a now pronouncamont, It was known hundruda and thouaando of yoaro boforo ito ro^ont teachoro woro envolvod. (Laughtor.) Thoo crutuo taught it 400 yoaro boforo Chpiot. Lucrotiuo wroto a poom of whioh it was tho main idea. Evolution was ono groat mystery, whioh hatohod out CO othor mys terioa, whioh, in their turn, hatched out myriads moro. Why not' admit tho one groat myotory of God ? Thoro had only been ono successful attempt to pass from the state of tho opeochlcss animal to tho articulation of man, and that was tho attempt mado by Balaam'o aoo, when iho angel of tho Io a appoaro'd with drawn oword tostjp tho long eared evolutionist.. (Laughtor.) In hia closing romnrhs, Dr. Talmago said that ho bolioved Australia wae going to be flin Fnniin nf flin T-r.it»Wn rtmifirntinn Tfc would in timo be peopled by a hundred million inhabitanto. On hio return to tho States ho should toll tho 3000 nowspaporo whioh printed his discourseo, and tho 75,000,000 pooplo who read thom. that Australia was tho coming world. ( Applauce.) Tho timo would como whon tho plough nnd tho harrow would turn up moro gold feom Australian soil than all the miners of tho present or tho past hod ever discovered. Ho rejoiced boioro God that Auotralia, like hio own country, was going in tho right direction, and that the promise of tho futuro wao good. ? 