ND HUMOUR. Swho can stand prosperity ho would liku to try. always have poor relations; Sare not always blessed with id the prop etor of the barber's shop, "ho was very good barber, but we had to let him go ; he didn't understand the business," "What did he do 1" " He forgot to say to a bald-beaded customer that his hairneeded trimming to-day." Eminent Q.C. (addressing jury): "And. gentlemen, when we reflect on the very strong safe, the had tools, the poor light, cramped quarters, and my client's natural 'reakness, am I not right in claiming he earned the stolen L300 by the sweat tf -his brow ?" " 'All the world's a stage, Sam, and the men and women merely players." "Yes, maasas; but if dat's so, where you goin' fol to get yer andience and orohestry." `; Scientitically Explained.-"Dootor, why is it that some people who are perfeot wrecks live longer than others who are strong and well P" "Er-well-you see, the others.die S;, a Iey groendnl ;h!:'lhHe. So i did, and I love it still. "Jack, have a baoana?" ":'o; I'llhave a pear." "I've only got bananas." "1 know that." " Then why do you ask for a pear ?" "Because that's what I wast-a pair of bananas."-From" IHarper's Young People." Pa and ma were sitting quietly near the firPlace. Pa was reading .a paper and ma was knitting. Presently ma looked np over her glasses. "Pa," she said, "I b'lieve oau Henry is in love." "What makes von think so t" " Well, he a'nt eat nothin' for a week past to speak of." Pa laid his paperdown in his lap, folded his hands overit and gazed into the fire reflectively. "It's kinder queer 'bout hein' in love," he said slowly. " When people is oourtin' they never seem to kea for victuals; but jest as soon as they get married victuals is about the only thing they'll hustle for, seven days in the week." NOT OATIBEIED. I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I'd only staved I might have had one more. "Is that a real Italian count that is call Ing on your sister?" Jimmie: "Well, I should say so. And he must be well known all over his native land, for there isn't an isoe-cream man in town hut what calls him by name when they speak." THEsr TurouGHTS. " What a beautiful thing is thought," she said; " A boon it is to myself and Jihtn. I sit and think he is thinking of me, And he sits and thinks I am thinking of him." Couldn't Forget Them.-" Mary," said the sick man to his wife when the doctor pronounced ita case of small-pox, "if any of my creditors call, tell them I am at last in a condition to give them something." A professor, in explaining to a class of young ladies the theory according to which the body is entirely renewed every seven years,at : " Thus, Miss B., in seven years u willnolonger be Miss B." "I really hope I shan't," demurely responded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. A ghost story-" I am thy father's spirit." Doing time-The lady who grows younger every year. Aatationer's traveller, having had a run of bad luck in prosecuting business, received from his employer the following telegram -"If you can't make expenses, come home atence." The reply was-"Allright. Can sake plenty of expenses, but no sales." "I y task in life," said the nastor, conm placently, "consists in saving young men". "Ah,"-replied the maiden with t HiaHk:. "Look at Sniggs flirting with the girla over there. I thonght you said he was sa woman-hater." Wicks: "So he is; but the woman he hates istnot there." Another Prodigy.-Mrs Jinniwing (to distingnished foreign visitor) : "That piece my daughter is playing is extremely difficult, baron." Baron Bressel (in extreme agony): "Ab, madams, I vish it was imposseeable !" BACKOROUNDS. She seat before an easel with her head tipped lightly so, A paintbrnsh in her fingers, idly trailing to and fro. Istood quite close beside her with awildlybeat. lag heart, And praised with reckless ardour, her pro. dlency in art. How sweet she was and dainty I How Iloved her ! I declare It seemed tome no other girl could be one-half so fair, As she sat there, leaning forward, in the grace fullest ef poses, And deftly puttbe background in a plaque of yellow rorses. Ahl that was many years ago; dear girl I love heretill. Ilove her smiles and dimples, and admire the wondrous skill Othordainty, onowy fngers-I'vebeen watch. ing themto-night Moveto and fro above the work she's holding to the light And, thinking of that other day, I'doze a bit, perchance, As sh deftly pusn a background into Jimmie's other "pants.' He had thrown himself at the feet of the girl bheloved, and on bended knees pleaded his canse. "Will you be my wife?" he urged passionately. "Certainly," she re sponded with fastidious frankness; "but for goodness sake don't ecrouch down in that way. I don't like to accept a ran whose pantaloons hag at the kne." Consoling: He: I always used to over estimate my abihties. Sho (consolinglyl: Well, never mind. Your Iriends never did. S3OIE SATISFACrION. a"I know," Remarked the gay coquette, "I haven't Caught a husband yct; But then," She added, softlyeighing, "I've had some fuinn while I've been trying." Bridget's Saroaam.-Mr Harlem: Why don't you bring up the morning paper? It came half an hour ago. Bridget: Hunmah ! SDo you exoict me to rade it coemin' ap the stairs? -Young Mistress: Bridget, you haven't aiven fresh water to the goldfish. Bridget: No, miss ;;they ain't drunk what they had already. "'A olosred woman in Texas town had jest buried her fourth hurband. As so duty bound Parson Whangdoodle Baxter called to console the widow. "bDe Lor' will temper de wind to do ashorn -lamb." "Does yer can dat I'se one ob de black sheap ob do fock?" asked the widow tartly. "I doesn't mean dat, sister. All I means am dat yore ilictahun am sore. Nobody 'preabiates de suiferin'e oh de widow." "Pertickerly when dark colors make her look like a skeerrod. I reckon I knows all about de sufferings ob do widdy. I has been dar foa timcs."--" Texas Siftings." 