' Sam Patch's Last Leap. Grandfather Newcome is famous for his stories, or ' yarns,' aB we call them, Nobody has to give him ' notice' or to wait only long enough for him to Bcratch hie shining bald head, rumpling in imagination the hair that need to be there, and settle back in his arm-chair with a perfectly certain ?expression on his dear old face, as if a story ?was the very thing that he was longing to tell. When he is done with ms story, one can not feel solemn, even though one haB listened to a tragedy, or attended funerals. Ton cannot be harrowed by his ghost BtorieB, or frightened by hia narrow eBcapeB from ' natives' in early times. Somehow you feel that they are all ' made .up,' and you are .ready for another right away ; so is Grandfather Newcome himself. One story suggests another, and they are turned out in large numbers, as newspapers from the printing press. He invariably begins in this wise : ' Once, a long time ago, I'm not certain juBt what time of year.' He never repeats the snme story twice alike, for there are always devia tions and amendments. He enjoys' them himself, too, very much, and will laugh with delight at his jokes, or make believe to feel very badly at tbe culmi nation of his plot. Grandfather Coleman is eo different. He sever tellB a ' yarn.' Everyone of his stories ? is absolutely true. He will tell the same narrative a dozen ditterent times and not swerve from his original ' stopB and pauses.' He is particular as to dates, very, and we can rely on every word he says ns gospel truth. He always begins this way : ' One of those far distant scenes which I witnessed.' When he is done, we all sit still, as if we, too, had but juBt witnessed the events with ? the narrator himself, while dear grandfather is loBt in bis visions of the past, which are ;bnt vivid to his faithful memory. In this way, unconsciously, he impresses us with the truth of what he has said, and so confirms ub in our entire credence. One night, a month ago, we all begged for a story. ' Something back in New York days, when you were young, grandfather.' ' Tell us about Sam Patch !' cried Joseph, who loves the terrible and the sublime.' 'Yes, tell us about Sam Patch,' we all chimed in, and grandfather acquiesced with that far-away look of his, when his blue eyes see, not one of us, but the actors in his story who have been dead for SO years. ' One of those far distant scenes which I « roan .dam loot leap. He had made himBelf famous iu other partB of the country by euch daring feats, as were far less common then than now. ' He came to Kocbester, N.T., in the eaily part of November, 1829. He advertised in the county paperB that he would leap from the brink of the Genesee Falls, near the centre of the village, on the sixteenth, at two p.m. ' On the day appointed, a beautiful autumn day, the banks of the river were crowded by a vast throng of spectators around the falls and for half a mile below. 'Promptly at the hour named he made -his appearance, leading a young bear, which he was training to leap with him. But the animal was less ambitious than his vain young master, and his courage was not yet equal to the occasion. ' The crowd grew impatient for the prin cipal actor to distinguish himself. After -showing the bear off, which was really but a scheme to delay his own leap, he handed tbe tether with which the animal was held to a bystander. ' Sam Patch stood for a few minutes upon the rock on the island, near the centre of the falls, boning right and left to the people. Suddenly, without faltering, and with no evident reluctance, he stretched out bis arms, and dropped into the awful abyss below — a distance of 97 feet. ' When about half-way down he clasped his hands tightly to his sideB and shot into the water aB straight and as swift aB an narrow. ' Por a moment the moBt intense silence reigned in that vast multitude, while every ?eye was fixed on the water below. When he arose and struck out for the shore the welkin tang with the shouts of the crowd. ' The hero, assisted by the constables, then pasted the hat among the spectators, and collected about 300 dollars. 'Encouraged by unwonted' financial suc cess, he resolved upon more daring attempts ' yet. He advertised that he would leap from a scaffold 25 feet high, to be built upon the same spot, making the whole distance 122 ieet. ' The night of the 22nd of November the , weather changed, and the 23rd was ushered in by a freezing atmosphere ; but a greater multitude assembled than before. ' The hour arrived, and yet another hour before Patch mode hie appearance. After some hesitation, he ascended the ladder and stood contemplating the fearful leap which ~ was before him. What monitions of con science, or what fearB of the fatal plunge arrested him for those last moments we shall never know, but in a short time he extended his arms as before and dropped from the platform, ' I noticed that he did not move with the same alacrity and confidence aB previously, npr did he throw his head back, nor claBp lis arms round bo rigidly by his sides. ' After he had struck the 'water every eye was fixed as before upon the spot, but with no reward. Not a sephyr of the autumn wind -stirred the silence, nor a murmur of human , voices. In breathless stillness, for on hour that vaBfc concourse of people watched and waited ; but no Sam Patch appeared above the blue abyss. Men in boats dragged the liver with grappling hooks, but all in vain. 'At length the throngs began slowly to wend their way home. Quietly, sadly, they passed along, while many a face was bathed in tears. ' That night the river froze over. The next spring, when ifc broke up, the body of Sam Patch waB found near the mouth of the river, seven miles below. A post-mortem examina tion showed that both shoulders were ?dislocated.' _ It was subsequently learned that the victim to a morbid ambition was in the habit of taking^ brnndy before leaping in order to benumb hie nerves, and thus enable him to bear the shock of the descent. That last day he had taken a glass too much ; hence the delay of an hour before he had appeared upon the platform, nnd hiB failure to clasp his arms down to his sides. Thus ended the career of Sam Patch, the foolishly daring hero of 1829. » 