Bom tho Low TtU'ifT poOplo and the No Tariff people arc entitled to feel an implied compliment paid to their " diseased " activity " in tho moetinc held last even- ing in the Temperance Hall. It sounds at first sight almost like an anachronism that a protectionist votcran lilco Sir Graham Borry should at this timo of day feel called upon to take tho platform to organise a movement for " tho conservation, exton- " si'on and perfecting of protection." The discredited doctrines of tho Manchester school have been so utterly exploded before a past generation of thinkers and readers in this colony that it seems hard to believe in tho necessity for slaying the slain. But wo suppose it must ho accepted that political superstitions are immortal. Tho free-trade heresies remind us of Macbcth's complaint — Tho times liavo boon That when the brains were out tho uinii would dio, And there an ond ; but now they rise aaain. History ' repeats itself. Thcf free-traders' liavo proved to us that their fiscal theories can live without brains in onr day just as well as the Thane of Cawdor's ghosts could in liis. The skeletons of old and exploded fallacies come again out of their moulder ing graves, where they have lain for a quarter of a century, to squeak and gibber, in tho light of day. Aud so it is that the Protectionist Asso ciation is organising again to lay the spectres, and at the same time to conserve, extend and perfect " the fiscal policy which has given to Victoria its. position of acknowledged industrial supremacy., There can .ho no mistaking the tonb and temper of such a meeting as that of last night. Save for tho presence of what tho chairman called "half a dozen " harra'ckers for foreign trade," it was a solid, seriousand determined phalanx of men who recognised that in tho issue before theiu thorolay all the difference between idlo days and empty larders and brisk trade and prosperous business. Botli tho chair man and Sir Graham Berry com mented on tho want of patriotism in . tho tactics which liavo sought to unsettle tho fiscal question by stirring up discord between the country and the town. Mr. Best characterised the tactics as " cruel," and . Sir Graham described them as reckless. It is unques tionably a time in Victoria when, instead of inciting tho workers to a condition of iiitestine war with each other, overy man should be handed in tho attempt to stem the tido of disaster that has threatened us. Sir Graham Berry made at least one new- point when he traced that disaster directly to freo-trade ; for ho reminded tho meeting that even under our protective policy : there has always been free-trade in money, and it was tho Hooding of this colony in recent years with English money that brought about the boom and its filial collapse. Tho free-trado in loan moneys has indeed proved as ruinous to us as did tho old tree-trade of 30 years ago, when the wharves wero covered with hales of English goods, and the populace .walked about, barefoot and without a shilling to buy a dinner. The people of this generation liavo mostly forgotten thoso early experiences of what a policy of free-trade did for us. But men who have read the history of the movement know that wlierevor it has been tried, without exception, it has acted as a blight upon human life, making the mcro trader into a millionaire and turning the worker into a slave. Three times has America adopted free- trade — from 1815 to 1824, from 1834 to 1842, and from 1847 to 1860 ; and in each caso the experiment reduced the American farmer dowii to a position of such desperate misfortune that agriculture as an industry was threatened with extinc tion and ruin. Theso are not mere state ments. They ate solid facts upon unde niable record, and their mode of operation has been well traced. Tho greatest teachers of tho world, from Colbert to Thurgob in France, from Adam Smith to the Fair Trado League in England, and from Henry Clay to Horace Greeley in America, have all taught that a prosperous agriculture can he built only by the side of flourishing manufac tures. It was tho Liberal Party of this colony which had tho foresight to see that two great monopolies must ho killed in the intorests of the people — the monopoly of the land and the monopoly of foreign trade. It was the protectionist who sot the land free from the grip of the squatter, just as he afterwards set domestic commerce free from the thraldom of tho importer. The Vic torian farmer could never have existed had the free-trader held his ground, aud the his tory of national industry everywhere proves that ho would be wiped out again if the free-trader were again to flourish, since the diversities of employment that spring out of a carefully nurtured homo industry supply always the backbone of the agricul turist's hope. Sir Graham Berry asked, pertinently enough, On what ground is the fussy agita tion for a roturn to freo-trade based 1 Tho argument always advanced is that the tariff is a tax on the producer. There is not a more fallacious statement in tho whole round of fiscal fallacies. Item by item it can be shown — and has been shown — that the internal competition springing out of protection so cheapens production that the consumer benefits in price as well as from tho near ness of market for his own goods. Our raw producers, instead of having to ship almost all their produce to a foreign mar ket, have £7,000,000 worth of it worked up in their own neighbor hood. Victoria, at tho present timo, by her manufactures adds £10,000,000 every yoar to tho value of tho products of tho soil. And it is this enor mous industry which tho Fieo-trnde Democratic League would throatcn with extinction. It is tmo that one sec tion of tho reactionaries has ostensibly abandoned freo- trade, and seeks only to accomplish a partial revision of tho Tariff. " Lower Customs duties" is tha plea. But such a demand, coming from such a source, must ho scanned with eyes of sleep less suspicion. Wo can never forgot that though tho platform in sheer despair has boon altered from "Free-trade" to Moderato Protection,' it is tho snnio old enemy of everything Liboral that still speaks. For ourselves, wo have no mis givings on tho point. Free-trado has lived its disastrous lifo and been so rankly exposed in its mischief before tho eyes of tho whole world in evory country where it has been allowed a footing that it has scarce a friend outsido the trading classes who mako their dishonest fortunes out of it. It is, of course,' to ho expected that the great English houses and their myrmidons who mnke calico which will not wash, for the Egyptian fellah and the Indian coolie, and the Birmingham hard ware firms which manufacture rifles bound to hurst at tho first or second discharge, to sell to the African savage, will still fight with men and money for tho maintenance of the old monopolies. But the signs of the timesgotoshowthat tho worst of these trad ing rascalities have had their day; and at least that Victorians, who have been mnde aware of the chicanery which has marked every step of this merciless trade .war, are not likely to incur tho folly of oponing their ports again to the old eruptions of foreign rain. 'Mis. Baker need scarcely havo apologised for his warmth at tho fishers' deputation on Saturday. AVhon ho declared emphati cally that "it is the middlemen and the "rings which havo done it," he was hut re peating tho evidence tendered passim before the special Fisheries Inquiry held lastyear. That evidence went to show what one of the fisherlnen told tho Minister at the recent interview — that the supply of fish is an ample one, even at the very timo when the public aro paying famino priocs for what they get. Mr. Langford denied that tho salesmen have any part in the tricks of trado practised between tho receipt of the fish and their distri bution. This ho was clearly entitled to do. Thero is an easy way of settling tho main facts of the leakage. It is by an' appeal to tho prices themselves. The following table is compiled from the evi dence givon at the Parliamentary Fisheries Inquiry, and it shows very clearly what littlo tho fishermen get for their produce, and how much the public pay for it ; — Pur Baskt l'ricos of Paid to Retail Prices. DiiT'renco AO to 50 lb. Fisliorm'n About Platboad. 2s.to4s.6d. 6d. por lb. 4Q0 nor ct. Whiting;. . 3s.6d.to7s. 9d. to Is. 6d. eaeh 1100 ,, ' Flounders ds. to Bs: ls.,ls.dd.and2s.eacli 1100 ,, Garfish .. 2s.to3s.6il. 6d. to ls.6d. por doz. 9E» Mullet .. 2s. to ds. 6d. per lb. 500. „ "When wo come to inquire as to where these enormous increases talce place, there is some little difference of opinion. Some of the evidence lays the blame on the retailers, and other witnesses favored tho view that tho auctioneers were mainly responsible, ui two tilings tuoro is no doubt at all. First, the prices ob tained by the actual catchers of the fish are often barely sufficient to keep body and soul together; and secondly, tho prices paid by the consumers aro generally extor tionate. Tho method adopted in the past was to bring tho fish into tho market at day dawn. Tho buyers are there, and the auctioneers ready to officiate. "What is called "a market" is almost at onco estab lished, with the " ruling prices."' The fish aro knocked down at ruinous rates for tho sellers, and the clearance is done expe ditiously enough. Then comes the process of distribution. Some of the wit nesses who gave evidence believed that auctioneers acted in collusion with hnv«r«. lmfc of f.iiin tlirtv worn unf. n.k!n to furnish any evidence ; and Mr. Lang- ford's disclaimer has a right to lip taken in the absence of any proof against the salesmen. Ono of tiie weak spots in connection with this iish distribution is unquestion ably to be found in tho want of proper market appliances. We referred to this recently in connection with the new City Markets, which so sadly fail to serve tho purposes intended. Wo then pointed out that Melbourno people ought to bo ablo to eat iish as one of the cheapest as well as wiiolesomest articles of their daily diet. Fishermen, who toil from year to year for wages running from £lto £110a. per week, are clearly doing their part of the business. They forward fish in baskets of from Bix to eight dozen, and when these baskets aro sold in Melbourne to two or throo middle men, and when dues and commission are paid by the fisher, the latter gets from 3s. to 4s. for his baskots of fish, and tho public arc quito at the mercy of tlio retailer. " As a matter of fact," we observed, " we " shall nover cope with this question of " food distribution in a proper manner " until every suburban centre has a local " market in full activity." The Parlia mentary Select Committee had very decided opinions in the same directions. In their final report they made tho following recommendations : — Your Committee are of opinion that in order to afford the genoral publio greater facilities for obtaining fish than At present exist, tho sale of fish should not be confined to the metropolitan market. They therefore recommend that stalls in the various markots for the sale of fish by auotion end otherwise be opened in tiie leading suburbs of Melbourne ; that the corporation officer in the metropolitan market, to whom tho fish should bo oonsigned, should regularly dis tribute to each of these suburban markets such a quantity of fish an exporienco may nliow tho particular locality demands. Your committee think that if thin plan be systematically practised the publio in these suburbs will speedily discover that they are certain to get fish on tho market days at a reasonable rato, and that thus an increased sale and consumption of fish will ensue, which will be alike bencQoial to fisher- roan and consumer. Nor wero the Committee satisfied with this. They further recommended that every fish salesman should be required to report to the corporation officer in charge of the market a list of all the prices re ceived, for transmission to the fishermen. So that Mr. Baker will see that he had by no means grasped the whole situation when ho pointed to the palatial market as an evi dence of tliefacilities afforded for fish distri bution. But after all, this is not the gist of the fishermen's latest request. They seem indeed to despair of ever getting out of the hands of the middleman, or being extricated by others ; and they made littlo or no reference to this part of their disabilities on Saturday. They complain that no protective duty is placed on imported fish, and Mr. Thomas Darling, of Flinders, told Mr. Baker that in last month alone no less a quantity than 700 packets of Now Zealand fish, worth £2000, came into Melbourne fresh and frozen, competing with the local fishers. New Zealand is said to pay an export bonus on fish sent to the Victorian markets. In this condition of things the fishermen asked to have a duty of 2d. per lb. placed on imported fish. In making this reqitost they aro only demanding what the Select Committee on Fish 1ms already recommended, namely, the " imposition of a duty on imported M ami smoked fish." It is difficult to. see how Parliament can roftiso this appeal, seoing that it is entirely con cordant with 11 the settled policy of the " country." But it is nevertheless perfectly true, as the Minister of Customs remarked, that "if the fishermen cannot got some " reliof in a more direct and accessible con- " nection with tho consumers, tho small , u relief asked for of 2d. per lb. tariff duty " will help them very little." It was said that Saturday's deputation represented 4000 people, who are dependent on /the fisheries of tho colony. It will bo scarcely denied, even by the Free-trade Demo cratic Leaguers, that the fishermen are bond fule V producers," and as such are as much entitled to protection as the wheat growers themselves. The Government will no doubt have to justify its action in Parliament for tho neglect with which the Select Committee's report on Victorian fisheries has been treated. That Committee took evidence from all the fishing grounds of tho colony, and also from the metropolitan centres of distribution. Its report is4 ono that ought to have been dealt with on some practical lines, more especially by a Ministry which has made so many profes sions of.its desire to assist production. Our fisheries languish, not for want of produce, but from the want of proper means to get that produce on to the tables of the con sumers. It will bo interesting to see whether this subject finds any placo in the promises of the next Governor's speech to Parliament. 