SPORT AND PLAY. BY " OLYMPUS." THE selection committee of the Victorian Cricketers' Association must be congratulated on the eleven they have selected to represent the colony against Captain A. E. Stoddart's powerful combination of English cricketing talent in the match to be commenced to-morrow (Friday) on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. A real good*solid all-round eleven, any way you like to take them, are the subjoined :— J. Blackham H. Stuckey H. Graham J. Harry F. Laver C. M'Leod E. M'Leod R. Mitchell A. E. Trott H. Trott J. Worrall The only flaw that the veriest grumbler could possibly discover in the combination of that eleven is possibly the inclusion of Jack Worrall, and even then only on the ground of insufficientpublic practice this season. But then Jack Worrall is a man who is never out of practice, EO to speak, and the other afternoon, when be wielded the willow for his club (Fitzroy), be exhibited the same old prowess. As a change bowler Worrall is aUo extremely useful at times; whilst in the matter of fielding—well, show me a better throughout broad Australia. Should a bowler drop out of the Victorian Eleven through any mischance, then George Palmer will advance once more into the breach ; as W. Bruce was not able to take pait in the tussle—more's the pity !—Harry Stuckey was put in his place; with Frank' Walters (dear old Tootsey-wootseys!) as next emergency. Of course wo are in for a Drubbing. There's no one—no, not even that hoper when all hope has failed, Harry Chime — will give our boys a possible chance of .defeating such a really excellent team as the Englishmen will pit against them. But for all that wo will give them a " wrastle " for it, you inay^depend upon that; and if that marveUous1ittle"fiiayer, yclept Lue.k, should only happen to castr in* hisJiUegiance to the Victorian side, goodness only knows what might not happen. . [SINCE the above paragraph wis written an unfortunate accident sustained by J. Worrall whilst fielding has eo injured bis hand'that it is extremely improbable he will be able to take part in the match either, and so Frank Walters will be included in his stead.—ED. PUNCH.] THE "blawsted Britishers" made a very auspicious start against 18 of Gawler, and when they had lost eight wickets for 3G8"runs they di elated their innings closed. Of this number Ward (caught Evans, bowled Bischoff) had compiled no less than 122, Brown (caught Francis, bowled Pellen) being responsible for 56; whilst Ford (caught Evans, bowled Thompson, 43), Brockwell (caught Beri iman, bowled P. Lush, 39), Peel (not out 38) and Humphreys (not out 1(3) were all well in evidence. Briggsf ten wickets for94) carried too many guns for the Gawlerifces, more especially as Humphreys *' googled " five of them out for 29; but for all that Coombe (caught and bowled Humphreys, 4G). Evans (stumped Gay, bowled Briggs, 20), Francis (caught Brown, bowled Peel, 22), Lush (bowled Briggs, 20) and Bischoff (caught substitute, bowled Briggs, 12) displayed a bold front, and were mainly instrumental in bringing the lo al of the local team up to 153. In their second innings the representatives of Gawler had lost five wickets for 22 runs when the stumps and the match were simultaneously drawn ; Noack (who was smartly Btumped by Gay off Humphreys) having 11 opposite his name. In this innings Brockwell captured three wickets for seven runs, whilst " t'ould man" Humphreys " lobbed " two in the pavilion for 15. Along with the excellent display of Gay hehind the sticks (it heing the irony of fate that an individual named Gay should ever cause batBmen to become Sad!) the fielding of the Englishmen is spoken of as being really splendid. All I ljope being that the Vic.'s will give them an oppoitunity of presenting -us with an object lesson thereanent next Friday and Saturday. THE Englishmen met foemen more worthy of their efforts (from a cricketing point of view) when they encountered the South Australians on the Adelaide Oval last Friday, and being lucky enough to secure the toss on n beautiful day and perfect wicket, they set ColomalB a much-needed example of how to utilise such initial advantages by compiling no less than 342 runs (for the loss of five wickets) during the afternoon—or between 90 and 100 more than the average number obtained in our Intercolonial cricket match ander similar favourable conditions. On Saturday they brought their first innings to a termination for a total of 477 ; Brown (caught Fred Jarvis, bowled Gilleu), who had been at the wickets for three hours and a-half, being top scorer with 115. whilst Stoddart (caught Hill, bowled Lyons) and Ford (caught A. H. Jarvis, howled Jones) "tied" for second honours with 00 each; Brockwell, whose career was cut short by Darling off Jarvis, being fourth with 45,followed by Lock wood (caught A.H. Jarvis, bowled Giffen) and Gay (not out) with 39 apiece, Briggs (caught Dyer, bo vied Giffen) being " welly clo J " to the pair of them with 88; L. Richardson being responsible for 15 before Fred. Jarvis got one through his defence, whilst Peel (bowled Giffen) and Humphreys (caught A. H. Jarvis, bowled F. Jarvis) toned matters down for the Wheatears through manufacturing a pair of " spectacles " between them ; sundries only reach ing 13. George Giffen proved most successful' with the ball, capturing five wickets for 175 runs; Fred. Jarvis coming next with three for 118; whilst Lyons, with one for 40, completely towered over Streak-o'-Ligbtning Jones, who only managed to Eeeure a solitary wicket (for 100) through the dexterity of "Jarvie"' 'way behind the wicket. This was a " bit of a toe-biter" for the South Australians to " buck " against; but they set to work with a will 94 runs of their opponents' score; Darling playing a dashing innings for 117 before he was dismissed (clean bowled) by Richardson, George Giffen bad put 04 together when he was caught by Stoddart off Humphreys; and with his total at 35 Fred Jarvis, who was going nice and strong, was stumped by the gay and festive Gay (Tojours Gay!) off Briggs. Peel caused both Lyons and Reedman to " dress " at 29, Ford negotiating the former off him, whilst he in turn negotiated Reedman off Humphreys. Hill's score was exactly a score when he, too, struck a piece of "Peel" and came down kerwallop; whilst a stump-rattler from Briggs caused dire consternation amongst Dyer's admirers when he had reached 23 by very patient cricket, Blinman (19) was the not-out man of the party; "Walter Giffen (bowled), A. H. Jarvis (bowled) and Jonea (caught Humphreys) each and all failing " Peel on Peel," as it were, for 14, 10 and a " duck" respectively; whilst sundries amounted to 23\. In all, Peel accounted for five of the enemy for 09 runs, Humphreys bagging two for 62 and Briggs two for 74; Richardson's wicket costing 85 runs, whilst Lockwood was rattled round for the tune of 70 runs without securing a solitary scalp. THOUGH the pitch began to look a bit "grey," it played right enough when the Englishmen commenced their second innings; and it was in the eternal fitness of things that although George Giffen is something more than " a bit grey," too, he should prove he was still the same sturdy battler as ever when thines looked cronkest for his side. With 138 balls he sent down seven maidens for 49 runs and Six Wickets, his splendid achievement being spiritedly emulated by Fred Jarvis, who with 78 balls and only one maiden over captured Three Wickets at a cost of only 38 runs. The "greased lightning" covey was evidently more to the taste of the Englishmen, who whanged 42 runs off the 66 balls he delivered, whilst only one of tbem (but that a good one — Ward—clean bowled) yielded up the ghost over the transaction. Gay (stumped A. H. Jarvis, bowled F. Jarvis) -was top sawver with 28, Brown (caught Dyer, bowled Giffen) coming next with 20, followed by Ford (bowled Giffen) 16, Peel (leg before wicket, bowled Jarvis) 15, Lockwood (bowled Giffen) 14, and Ward (bowled Jones) 11; the excellence of the work put in behind the sticks by old" Dutch-rigged Jarvie' 1 being beBt exemplified by the fact that along with " assisting " in the "happy despatch" of Brockwell and Gay he only allowed 2 sundries during the Englishmen's second innings, which closed for 130. THIS left the South Australians 225 runs to get to win, and although Walter Giffen was unfortunate enough to play one of Richardson's on to his wicket when he had only scored 3, whilst, " big as he is/' A, H. Jarvis was " hoist with bis own petard" by Gay off Peel for 9, Happy-go-lucky Jack Lyons "slashed 'em round " for 32 prior to •cocking one up from Peel to mid off, where Lockwood locked it in a grip of steel,- Then Reedman and " Garge" Giffen got together, and things imuiediat ly became very unsettled for the invaders. Giffen slowed down to steady cricket, whilst Reedman (who always struck me as being one of the most dashing batsuien Australia ever produced) opened his shoulders, his total being 76 (including 9 fourers) when stumps were drawn on Tuesday evening, George Giffen being still his plac-a-phii with 42 to his credit, and the South Australians only requiring <51\. runs to win with seven wickets to fall. These they obtained right enough on Wednesday, Beedman carrying his score to 83. Darling then joined Giffen and won the match (with 6 wickets to spare) early in the day, thus enabling the Britishers to catch the afternoon express for Melbourne, where they will be entertained by the Mayor at noon to-day (Thursday) in the Town Hall. THE First Bound of Pennant Matches resulted ae follows, the matches being played on the grounds of the last-mentioned clubs :— NORTH MELBOUBNE v. Melbourne.—Won by Melbourne by an innings and 122 runs. Scores: North Melbourne, 151 and 62; Melbourne, 345. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. Fitzroy.—Won by Fitzroy by two runs and a wicket. Scores : South Melbourne, 241 and (innings declared closed with seven wickets down) 81; Fitzroy, 204 and nine wickets ior 126. UNIVERSITY v. East Melbourne.—Won by East Melbourne by a inhingB and 175 runs. Scores • University, 106 and 64; East Melbourne, ii:. (George Vautin, 100). Po UT MELBOURNE v. Richmond. — Won bv Richmond by 303 runs. Scores: Richmond, 17'.', and (innings declared closed with Beven wickets down) 207; Port Melbourne, 57 and 22. HAWTHORN V. Carlton.—Won by Carlton by 7-'> runs. Scores: Carlton, 141 and74: Hawthorn.71 and (39. ESBENDON «. Williamstown.—Essendon won by an innings and 63 runs. Scores : WilliamBtown, 74 and 48; Essendon, 185. IN the Second.Round the following are the results up to Tuesday evening: EA.ST MELBOURNE Fitzroy.—Won by East Melbourne by an innings and 11 runs. Scores: 105)' 03 ' 192 HDd 10 ° : ' EttSt MelboUrne ' ;i0;! (Laver, MELBOOBNE v, South Melbourne.—Scores • Melbourne, 342 (Graham, 105); South Melbourne, 1M and two for 57. NOBTH MELBOURNE V. University.—University, 121; North Melbourne, four wickets for 313. ESSENDON V. Carlton.—Carlton, 322 (Warns, 105) and 245; Essendon, 291 and one for 6. WitLiAMsrowN v. St. JCiIda.—Won by St. Hilda by 155 runF. Scores: Williamstown; 141 and 12li; St. Kilda, 248 and 174. ALL THE RAGE IN PARIS. Latest PARISIAN : PEEVENTIVES posted in sealed letter, 1 '2 stamps. National Drug Co., Russell-street, Melbourne. 