Topical Pars. In an appendix to tbo latest issued report of ths N.S.W. Railway Commifeioneis, is a statement giving reasons why special rates hive been made in certain cafe;. The reasons are "to induce traffic," "to encourage iraffic," "U> secu traffic," and "to cgualite rates." We consider that those reasons are quite good enough: but how does Ibo logic of the first three of thea 6t into that dcctriEe ef Leau Alone which is the foromott plank in the platform of the doctrinaire Free Trader ? If it be right for Mr. Eddy to encourage traffic ( is bs does) by granting special rates under epeeiul circumstances, why should it be wrong to cncouMge an industry (say ttnt of wheat or sugar proving) by imposing a duty that eball secure the local farmer a "show"F Tho D. T maintains that the duty of Cd per bushel on wheat means a lose lo the community (bar the wheatgrowers) of that tanner. And it is so, IF the fact is ignored tint that tanner purchases, or secures, for the Colony a wheatgrowing industry. An important if. surely ! Without the duty, deprndence for supply of wheat upon tbo foreigner, and the relegation to the ranks of t'lo ummployud of an appretiible s mountof agiicult.uiai labour! With it, selfdependence for paid 6upply (a valuable factor in stress of war or failure of foreign farmers to purvey tho needful quantity of cercale) and a healthy fio'd of employment for hundreds of 'cornstalks.' Worth a tanner, th ! Friend Price, of Granville, fires cfE that frequently repeated aB6Ptt;oa (on the pvrt of teetotallers) that in Europe the manufacture of nnfermentcd wine is curricd on, on an extensive scale. We've never been able to get reliable statistics on tbo point, but our imprtssun is that not a thousandth part of the grapes grown in Europe is utilised iu that way. The proof of a wholesome, refreshing noil -intoxicating wine should be in the drinhug—but as yet the Temper&ucc; Puity hue not pissed the fcctlk-! An exchange speaks of note-grafting as a strange operation; vrhoreas it is not such a very uncommon one. Of really uncommon grafting, a notable instance was thit effacted by Paul Bert, wbo grafted the lip of a tail of a rat into the middle of its bach; .then, when the wound had healed, he cut off the t. il at its whilom b3Bf, thus leaving it growing ni iway 'twist tho neck and the stern of the doubtless much astonished rodtht. It would not be a bud idea for Ibe ParriT.atta Borough Council to loan the books it possesses, hut does not use, to the School of Arts. The chief objection thereto is the fact that the School of Arts is not open to the public—only to subsoribsrs. Tbo best course for ths Council to take would be to epen a room as a Fire Public librarj—an ios'.stution pcs?esse3 by almost every toVn in Austral ia* of the size and import tir.te cf Parramatta. Where there's a will, Ihore's a way. And the local free yublic library should be open on Saturday cvei.iuge and Sundays. For, as the Rov. Pluto Johns'.n points out—"Dsr ain't no use in openiu' a libery fir de pore wen nobody can cum to it, and sbuttin' it tight wen eherybody wants tcr go in. De defcbil don' shut Ms shop'COB its t-'ueday, 'cos dat is his big day; and Tigious fo'U should jest mind dat deydon'lhflp bim .to mako it a big day by being too narrer." ' Women folk who live in the country on any ot the leading rosde, will cot endorse the Premier's views concerning Aaiatio immigration to New South Wales, as their notioa is being constantly challenged by the pressnoe of Syrian, and Indian, and Chinese pedlars, many of whom are offensively importunate, especially if the guid man be awa'. In sveiy single iaatsnce, without exception, the medium who deals fa spooks and hanky pinky is a conjurer—sometimes a smart one (winning, by bis smartness, long lime to run ere being bowled out), sometimes a olumsv one, but always, invariably, the doer of what he (or She) calls apliitualism by ingenious material means. • Were Psrliamentaplace where actual legislative reforms were actually done, not yabbered about ad nauseam, there would long ago have been enacted a littfe statute declaring that the term " in the stocks " wherever occurring in unrepealed Acts should be interpreted as reading "in the lockup" or gaol. From Gnndagai come* the report of yet another flout at Justice in the shape of a sentence ('* in the stocks") that cannot be carried out. Opinions differ concerning the right of dissolution. Ewing, M.P.; says:—"The whole bistory of Colonial Parliament* does not furnish even the suspicion of an intrigue by which (prior to the Duff regime) ths representative of the Crown baB handed over the faculty of dissolution to any man at so early a stage," i.e., until every possible endeavor to obtain in Parliament an-Erecntive competent to lead it had beer exhausted. Wbile, on the other hind, Mr. E. Lowe, in the Westminster Letiew, says; —When Sir Henry Parkee, before forming a Government, claimed the right to dissolve Parlismmt when he chose, Carrington conceded the point and wrote out a warrant to that effect which Parkes tnrned to party uses for a considerable time. Ewing should not trust to his imagination for his facts. Foolishness on the part of a past Govern - eminent kept Patramatta out of the Municipal'Association. Mr. Mayor, it is never too late to mend: soe to it that the Bietoric Borough joins that body without delay. 'Tis an Association with considerable potentialities ef usefulness. _ Despite the arguments in favour of the Ministerial Election Bill advanced by advocates of the S. If. Herald and omniscient Hogue type, we are pleased to think that the commonness of the Assembly rejected it by a decisive two-to-GD© majority. The Cabinet" split" on the matter, Beid and Biunker and Young voting with the " noes," and Cook and Gould and Garrard with the " ayeB." Pleasant to note that Smailes and O'Reilly and Farnell helped to swell the volume of consideration for " a greit public Bigbt." The persons who were charged with the burning of the "Bodney" complained that the police and the Crown prosecution authorities hindered them from making proper defence arrangements, a complaint the truth of which Slid authorities denied. The Minister for Justice, in order to get at the facts of the matter, had inquisition made into it— by whom think you P by one of the officials who constitute the authorities in qui at ion! Naturally, /^reports that complainants were afforded every opportunity, etc. That the complainants got acquitted is no proof that proper consideration was denied them by thoae who conducted their prosecution. Persona advertising for servants might well wind up their notice with "no psychics need apply," since no runner of a well- regulated establishment exactly yearns to see his tables and chairs rearing up ard cavorting around " through contact" with a possessor of supernatural power. A domee'ic psychio's abnormal high kicks in tbe sphere of furniture- movement, however interesting from the research standpoint, would scarcely fall in with the views of a tbrif y Mulerfsmilies. Those "water-risen dip'traldevils," IhemoB- quitos, ore in fine blasphemy-promoting condition this season. When they stick in their pitiless bradawls, and do. their malevolent worst, one can appreciate the accuracy of the description employed in their regard by^he observer who called them "hornets' ghosts turned f other way.'' Toe facts (ahem !) of Mrs. D'Espersnce'i dematerialisation on tbe occafion when that eminent medium lost the lower half of her body for Bome hours, and only got her lege back just in time to enable bar lo walk home from the aeanoe, are quite simple in comparison with an edd citcumBlance which befel a ParramHta alderman aome little while ago. At a municipal seance he lost his head —and has never recovered it since! But, as his friends say, his loss is quite immaterial! re Wragge, Bussell and the Clerk of tbe Weather proving benignant, Saturday's Tournament should eventuate with brilliant sucoets, sioce, the afternoon bring fine, there'Jl be a rare muster, Where throngs of mounted athletes bold In " togs " of war high triumphs hold, With store of " tarts " whose sparkling eyes Flash mischief, and adjudge the prize Of tilt or jump, while all strive hard To win tbe loveliest She's regard- By the way, who'll be the Queen of ieauty on tbe occasion f Should the question be raised on the ground, swords, mayhap, will flash in belle icose earnest! Frank Farnell Fosters Fish, Flora Fruit, patently a most F-ficient M.P. and On the very day when the present Parliament expires by effluxion of time, either Afflsok or Millen will be found moving an amendment on some clause of tbe still uncommitted Land Bill. Towards such a consummation events do clearly point, dear Ourruthers ! The Pammatta Council should Jhave asked the Supreme Court to decide in re the liability or non- liabilitv of tbe Commercial Bank to pay rates on the old courthouse building. A judgment on tbe point would be more satisfactory than a recommendation of tbe Finance Committee. ^ The poor Czarewitch—doubtless his thoughts take the shape of those which " the poet of despair "describes as haunting the brain of Ibe ushappy wr tch whom Fate haa called to the throne of All the Bussias:— My palaces are prisons to myself: I taste no food that may not noison me: I plant no footstep sure it will not stir Instant destruction of explosive fire : I look with tenor to each day and night— With tenfold terror to my crowning day. Cup season being at hand, and having no sura " tip " to impart, nor any certain counsel how to win, we do the next best thing and pan out for general information, accurate information, how to lose, Which may be done thusly :— Always teke Hie odda abcrt; back the favourite boldly: item, lake fancies for non-fuvourites, and hick them bsldly, too. When you win tttsnre youiself you're in tbe vein; if you loss assuie yourself tint luck must change—sna continue belting! Follow these directions and yen will soon learn bow it is that «• bookies manage to skin latnbB. Cyril of the melodious voice has won praise wherever he has teen, except at Terasorlh, where a critical (!) obtercer has sought to take bim down a peg by saying that though he has a charmingly sweet voice, and takes bis top notea admirably, ho siugs with his lips almost shut, has a defeolive articulation—and so onall to point the moral that if other places choose to go mad over <3yrU, the critical observer of Tamworth won't-not he, the Phil*, tine, for whose long cms real music hath no charm. Never mind, Cyril, The views of that bilious art-critic at Tamworth •Twixt yon and ourselves are not really a . D - worth. 