[?] tOk pKlTOnt MOBS* *V|Ht 16,' Cfaolera In Portugal , Hear? floodito Ifew^wdwl Anaroh!stsamstaaintiDn|ltin. C&tarof; pads borrows ftypBtyMQ. fyaiiofa wwnt arwtoa Ha togagr, '' 3*jfphott Asm |wwi»Jeft» in Bjtoey. Terrible hnrrioane ntBooky Btm. (^end raw in petty Atrtaan states. Labour Day anfl Arbor Pay Ut May. ' Mew Zeaiana wants to annex Samoa. Charley booming Mfldora In London. . PpriHnnitnH.tirinv«r-nr*TV-mH^fct, First issue of newspaper at Ooolgardte. Madame Caranaini, gnat ▼ooaliit, dies. House of Commons increases InoomeTax. — F-*£M mcig'j^ fff ww T*'wft*- pTt*flfiwyr ? South Australian Parliament to open iwt 7. Melbourne women agitating tor the franchise. Two Brisbane ladles flaed for sly groysdliny. Crimson fight with outlaws at Oklahoma, U«8i EnRljBh War Office boys (odder from Ameritm. Terrible earthquake in Oreeoe; many lives . lOBt. Destructive gales ana floods in North Queens land. ? ? Sir George Grey warmly weloomea in Eng land. .. Gymple Council borrows £1000 of tin Tna* snrer. Three men arrested at Barraba for snooting horses. Frenofi soldiers assault a British governor in Africa. Germany falls out with New Zealand orar Samoa. Brisbane Chamber of Oommeroe hold annual meeting. ? H. A. C. B. Society's annual meeting opens In Brhbane. Registrar for Births kept bnsy during month of March. Japanese murderer sentenced to fletar at 'GOOfclOWli* j — ?— ? Explosion on board Brazilian gunboat. Fif teen kUlea. — Unemployed Labour Army marches Ob WaJb- — Sir Thomas M'llwrafth in high jinks with London toffs. Foods seriously damage Northern Qneensland railway lines. Unemployed denutatfonlse the Premier of New Zealand. Mother committed for trial in Sydney tot : child murder Sir Thomas M'Hwralth takes anti-fat medi' f.ine in rmndon. ? K-'^K«f found dngbarking at Tiaro. Em ployers fined £1. Contemplated strike against moneylenders' rates of interest. Jewel robber who annexed £1000 worth ar rested is Sydney. Great public Woman's Equal Franchise meet ing at Bundaberg. Debts of 8ir Matthew Davit and brother proved at £763,605. Leper escapes in N.8.W., and starvation oom pels him to retain.. Herberton miners indignant at Sydney charges (or beating tin ore. Bomb explosions in Europe beoomlng ma everyday occurrence. Agitation for ooia storage works at Woolioon- gabbaiiiOtay station. F^bcikJ^eaein forged bank ootat to«h« Jabet BgwwerBaltonr mates prapawrtfeii to escape fcom ArgeoUna. Qraeiers' Bntohering Oompany at Brisbane commence making olMi To wnsville oiticflns refuse to pnblioly weloome the Queensland Ministry. Sydney Jockey's bead gets in the way of a stray bullel. Hot serious. Total value of minerals won from the soil in N.S.W. last year £6,498,683. Credit Fonder system going to be iataoAaoed in Viotoria by Government ? ?- ? Peculiar PoUoe Magistrate Pinnook and Solicitor O*Shea at it again. Cab and mxmpanU ooUlde witti a train at Port Adelaide. Two killed. Present Lord Mayor of London, Bob Tyler. No relation of Watt Tylert, Absconding secretary of the Melbourne Tender Board arrested to HataL Sir Thus. M'llwraith visits Salvation Army colony in England. HaUelniah] Dreadful calendar of violent orimss by coloured men tried at Oooktown. Brisbane Flood Relief Committee oaUed to gether to asdst Northern sufferers. WeUareotprovinoejeopardiMdthroDghaaad look oh Wantba DMsional Board. Bneoessfiil pnbiic meeting ol Women's Egnal Franohlse Association at Brisbane. Chuiese doctor, Jimmy Ah Tack, oommlttea f m- trtri fin tihmrf* nf manslaafhter. ? ; South Australian Gorernment reduoe the wages of future imported Gouemon. Resolution to abolish LegWatI»e Omnudl brought forward in K.8.W. Assembly. Lawrelt in Bngtand between a patriolan and a bourgeoisie over Amy noftsam ghost. Brazilian leader of the rebel* snmndan to the Government of the Argentine Bepubfio. ~ta^ Motion in English Commons to abolish Duke of Edinburgh's annuity defeated by 880 wrtefc. cemed to the murder of Barraba bank manager, Barraba branob of Commercial Bank of Sydney stuck up by two men and manager shot dead. ? \- Eldsvold residents hold a meeting and request thft Bank nf N.B.W. to open a branch at that place. Steam shipping companias to London demand an increase of 2». 6d. per ton on freight to Aus tralia. Executive Committee Flood Belief Fond authorise expenditure of £600 to relieve suf ferers. Great Labour demonstration to Boda Perth, Hungary. Military fire on tbe people. Many injured. Horrible accident In a N.S.W. State School. Floor gives way precipitating fourteen girls into a cesspit. Two verdicts to District Court, Georgetown, given against Mundic Miner; £80 and £6 and costs respectively. Society lady- at Antwerp arrested for poison ing her brothers and her sisters, her unoles and her aunts and tbe cat Reported that £812 sent from Melbourne for Queensland flood sufferers was. never reoeired by Brisbane committee. Prince of Wales, German Emperor and Oearo- _ ▼itch arrive at Coburg surrounded by an army of polloe and detectives. President Oarnot, of tbe French Republic, for bids diplomatists to marry unless they know the name and nationality of the girl. Minister for LandB receives a communication from Obertown Model Group that ' starvation would positively commence on the 18th.' Mayor of Townsrille going to invite Ministry to banquet at his own expense. Quite right; not worth spending people's money on them. For nine months ending April 14th, J8M, Go vernment relief expenditure for food chiefly amounted to £7,882 11s. ad. of which £6,523 19b. 7d. was spent in Brisbane. The total amount showing an increase on previous nine monthB of £983, 6s. 7d. 