THE ABSENT MAN. By Jxbohb K. Jsbohh. Yoaask him to dine with yon on Ihnrs d&y; to meet a few people who are anxious to know him, " Now don't make a muddle of it," yon eay, recollectfal of former mishaps ; " and come on Wednesday." He laughs good-naturedly as he hnnts through the room for his diary. "Shan't be able to come Wednesday," he says ; " shall be at the Mansion Hoese, sketohing dresses, and on Friday I start for Scotland so as to be at the opening of the exhibition on Saturday; it's bomnd to be all right this time. Where the dence is that diary? Hover mind, Til make » note of it on thie, yon can aee me do it." Ton stand over him while he writeB the appointment down on foolscap, and watch' mm pin it op over his desk. Then yon come away contented. " I do hope he'll tern hp," yon say to your wife on the Thursday evening, while dressing, "Are yon sure yon made it clear to him ?" she replies suspiciously ; and you nstinctively feel that whatever happens she is going to blame von for it Eight o'clock arrives, and, -with it, the other goeBte. At half-pBBt 8 yonr wife is becconed mysteriously oat of the room, where the p&rloar; maid informs her that the cook has expressed a determination, in case of farther delay, to wash her hands, figuratively speaking, of the whole affair. Yonr wife, returning, suggests that, if the dinner is to be eaten at all, it had better be begun. She evidently considers that in pretending to expect him you have been merely playing a part, and that it would have been manlier and more straightforward for you to have admitted at the beginning that yon had forgotten to invite him. Daring the soap and the fish yon te coant anecdotes of his anpanctnality. By tbe time the entree airives, the empty chsir has began to cast a gloom over the dinner, and, with the joint, the conversa sation drifts into talk aboot dead relatives. On Friday, at a quarter past 8, he cashes sp to the door and rings violently. Hear iog his voice in the hall, yon go to meet him. " Sorry I'm late," he sings out cheerily, •' fool of a cabman took me to Alfred Place icstead of—" " Well, what do yon want, now yon are come?" yon interrupt, feeling anything oat genially toward him. He is an old friend, so yon can be rnde to him. He laughs and slaps yon on the shoulder. " Why, my dinner, my dear boy, I'm starving." " Oh," yon grant in reply. Well, yea go and get it somewhere else then. You're not going to have it here." i " What the devil do yon mean ?" he ! says; "yon asked me to dinner." " £ did nothing of the kind," yon tell bim, "I asked yon to dinner on Thursday, not on Friday " He stares at yon incrednlonBly. How did I get Friday fixed in my mind ?" he asks enqniringiy. " Because yours is the sort of mind that would get Friday firmly fixed into it, when Tbureday was tbe day," yon explain. "I ibongbt yon had to be off to Edin bnrgb, to-night," yon add. " Great fccort!" he cries ; "so I have,'' and witbont another word, he dasbeB out, and yon hear him rushing down the road shooting lor tbe cab he has jast dis missed. As yon return to yonr study, yon reflect that he will have to travel all the way to Scotland in evsning dress, and will have to send out the hotel porter in tbe morn ing to boy him a suit of ready-made clothes; and are glad. Matters work ont still more awkwardly when it is he who is the host. I remember being with him on his honss-boat one day. It was a little after 12, and we were sitting on the edge of the boat, dangling oar feet in the river—the spot was a lonely [ one, halfway between Wellington! and ; Day's Lock. 8nddenly, ronnd tbe bend, appeared two skiffs, each one containing six elaborately dressed persons. As soon as they caught sight of ns tbey began waving handkerchiefs and narasols. "Hollo/' I said, "here's some ptoplfe hailing yon." "Ob, they all do that about here," hfe answered, without looking up ; " somb bean-feast from Abingdon, I expect." . The boat drew nearer. When abont 200 yards off, an elderly gentleman raised himself npon the prow of the leading one and shonted to ns. McQnae beard his voice and gave b start that all bat pitched him into the water. " Good God 1" he cried ;" Pd forgotteh all abont it." "Abont what?'' 1 asked. " Why, it'e the Pal mere and the Gra bams and the Hendersons. I've asked them all over to lnncb, and there's not h blrssed thing on bosrd bat two innttofa chops end a pound of potatoes, and I'vje given the boy a holiday.'' Another day I was Inncbing with him dt the Jnnior Hogarth, when a man named Hrilyard, a mntnal friend, strolled acrois to ns. "What are yon fellows going to do this afternoon ?" he asked, seating himself the opposite side of the table. "I'm going to etop here and write letters," I answered. "Gome wiih me if yon want something to do,'' said M.'.Qnae ; " I'm going to drive Laena down to Bichmond." (' Leena;" wss the yonng lady he recollected hein£ engaged to. Ittranspired afterwards that he was engaged to three girls at the time The other two be had forgotten all abont). " It's a roomy sent at the back." "Oh, all right," 'aid Hallyard, and the)' went away together in a hansom. ; An honr and a half later Hallyarfl wa'ked into the emokiDg-room, looking depressed and worn, and Hang himseli into a chair. " I thought yon were going to Bich) mond with McQoae," I said. " So did I." he answered". " Hid an accident?" I asked. ! " Yes." He was decidedly curt in life replies. "Cart upset?" I con tinned. " Ho—only me " His grammar and bis nerves seemed thoroughly shaken. I waited for an explanation, and after a while be gave it. "We got to Putney," he said, "with jast en occasional ran into a tram-car, and were going np the hill, when soddenly be turned a corner—over the curb, across the road and in'e the opposite lamp post. Of coarse, as a rule, one is prepared for it, bat I never reckoned on his torning op there, and the first thing I recollect is find ing myself in the middle of the street with a dozni fools grinning at me. It takes a man a few minutes in sacb a case to think where be is and what has happened ; and, wben I got np, tbey were some distance away. I ran after tbem for a qoarter of a mile, ebonting at tbe top of my voice, and eocompanied by a mob of boys. Bnt one might ae well bave tried to hail tbe dead, so I took the bos back." " Tbey might bave gneBsed what had happened," be added, " by the shifting of the cart, if tbey bad any sense. I'm not e light weight." He complained of soreness, and said he would go borne. I snggested a cab, but be replied that be woold rather walk. I inet McQnae in tbe evening at the St. 3sines' Theatre. It was a first night, and be was taking sketches for tbe Graphic. The moment he saw me be made bis way acrosB to me. " Tbe very man I wanted to see," be said ; "did I take H ally ard with me in the cart to Bicbmond this afternoon ?" "Yon did," I replied, "SoLeena says," be answered, greatly 'ewiJdered; "bnt I'll swbt be wasn't there when we got to the Queen's Botei." " It's all right," 1 ssicl, " yon dropped him at Pntnev." " Dropped him at Putney 1" he re peated ; "'I've no recollection of doing 80." u He has," I answered- " You ask hiis about it He's fall of it." Everybody said he would never get married—that it was absurd to suppose be would ever remember the day, the church and the girl all in one morning—that, if he did get as far as the altar, he woold forget what be had come for, and wonld give the bride away to bis own best man. Hall yard had an idea that be was already married, bat that the fact bad slipped his hiB memory. I myself felt sure that if he did marry he would forget all about it next day. But everybody was wrong. By some miraculous means tbe ceremony got itself acoomplishei, so that if Halyard's idea be correct (as to which there is every possi bility), there will be trouble. As for my own fears, I dismissed tbem tbe moment I saw the lady. She was a charming cheerful little woman, but did not look the t>pe that wonld let him forget all about it. I had not seen him siDce his marriage, which had happened in the spring. Work ing my way back from Scotland by easy. stages, I stopped for a few days at Scar boro. After table d'hote, I pat on my mackintc s\ and went oat for a walk. It was raining hard, bat after a month in Scotland one does not notice English weather, and I wanted some air. Strag gling along the dark beach with my bead Against the wind, I stumbled over a crouching figure that was seeking to shelter itself a little from the storm under the lea of the Spa wall. I expected it to swear at me, bat it seemed too broken-spirited to mind any thing. " I beg yoar pardoD," I said j " I did not eee yoa." At the eoand of my voice it started to its feet. " Is that yoa, old man ?" it cried. " McQaae!" 1 exclaimed. " By jove," he said, " I was never so glad (o eee a man in all my life before." And he nearly ehook my hand off. " Bat what in thunder," I said, " are yon doing here? Why, you're drenched to the skin." He was dressed in flannels and a tennis coat. " Yes," he answered ; " I never thought it would raiD. It was a lovely morning." " Why don't yon go borne ?" I asked. " I can't," he replied. " I don't know where I live, I've forgotten the addresB." 1 began to fear thBt he had overworked himself into a brain fever. " For heaven'e sake," he eaid, " take me somewhere, and give me something to eat. I'm literally starving." " Haven't yoa any money ?" I asked him as we tamed towards the hotel. ' Not a bod," he answered. " We got in here from York, the wife and I, about 11\. We left oar things at the station, and started to hunt for apartments. As soon as we were fixed, I changed my clothes, and came oat tor a walk, telling Maud 1 should be back at 1 to Inncb. Like a fool 1 never took the address, and never noticed the way I was going. " It's an awfal business," be contrnoed ; ■' I don't see how I'm ever going to find her. I hoped she might stroll down ro the Spa in the evening, and I've been hanging aboat the gates ever sines 6. 1 hadn't the threepence to go in." - " Bnt yon have no notion of the sort of street, or the kind of house it was ?" 1 en quired. " Not a ghost," be repl ed ; " I left it all to Mand, and didn't trouble." "Hive yon tried any of the lodging hoDsis ?" I asked. "Tried !" he exclaimed bitterly ; "I've been knocking at doors, and atking if Mrs McQaae livea there, Bteadily all the after noon, and they slam the door in my face mostly without answering. I told a pol ceman ; I thought cerbaDB he might suggest something. Bat the idiot only buret out laughing, and that made me eo mad that I gave him a black eye and had to cat. I expect they re on the lookout for me now. 11 wt nt x to a restaurant," hp continued, gloomily, " and tried to get them to trasi me fur a steak. Bat the proprietress said she'd heard that tale before, and ordered me out before all the other customers. I think I'd have drowned myself if yon hadn't-tamed np." After a change of olothes and some supper, he discussed the case more calmly, but it wsb really a serious affair. They bad shot up their flat, and his wife's relatives were travelling abroad. There was no one to whom he oonld 86nd letter to be forwarded; there was no one with whom she would be likely to com mnnioate. Their chance of meeting again in this world appeared remote. Nor did it seem to me—fond as he was of his wife, and anxious as he undoubtedly was to recover ber—that be looked for ward to the aotoal meeting, should it ever airive, with any too pleasurable anticipa tion. "She will think it strange," he mar mured reflectively, sitting on the edge of the-bed and thoughtfully palling off bis socke. " She is sore to think it strange.'' The following day, which was Wednes day, we went to a solicitor, end'laid the case before hits; and he instituted en quiries among all the lodging house keepers in Soarboro', with tbe result that on Thursday afternoon McQuae was re stored (after the manner of an Adelphi hero in the last act) to bis hume and wtfe. I asked him next time I met him, what shm had eaid. " Ob, mnch what I expected," he re plied. But be never told me what he had expected. TO DRILL HOLES IN GLASS OR CHINA. Take a long copper nail, file it round, and a little smaller in diameter than the hole to be drilled, and fit it in a small hand drilling machine, mark the place you wish to drill by scratching the surface with f file, and use the copper drill as you: would a steel one, only keeping it well supplied with emery powder and moistened with turpentine. With a little care and practice holes can be easily drilled in irliui and the hardest china. Be very careful when the drill is nearly through, in the case of glass it is best and safest to commence again oh the other side and drill half from each side; thus avoiding any danger of splintering the glass when the drill breaks through. Weaving a Cabhmebe Shawl.—One J •Jay, aays a writer in relating life in Casfr I mere, we went into the town to visit a manufactory of Cashmere shawls. After a terrible unattractive approach we again c ambered np some stairs and. emerged into a large room, full of looifts, with about 40 men all hard at work. One we especially watched. He had in front of him nearly a thousand shuttles of different shades, and oat of these would select one and thread it through aB many of the fire strands s retched tightly before him as bis pattern directed, and after so doing be pulled towards him a heavy bar, which pushed the last little cross thread quite tight, before patting in the next. In old days one man used to read ont the pattern to all the rest, but now each has his own design on a slip of piper in front of him. It is said that the wavy line so often seen in these shawls was t iken from the corves of »he Jhelum. It took four months, we were told, for two men to do seven inches of this work, one yard wide, working from five o'clock in the morning till five in the evening every day, 99 it was hardly to be wondered at that two yards Bhould cost nearly £100. How it Was Entered in the Log-Book. When the "Assyria" was lying off Basr j relates Sir Henry Layard, in his Early Adventures in Persia, a violent tornado' arose, and the vessel was in great danger. After the storm had subsided, the quarter master, who bad been left in charge, made this entry in the log-book," The wind and watery elements raged. Dears and prayers was had recourse to, but was of no manner of use. So we hauled np the apohor and get round the point," 