Iey @uttaxia PUIBLIsiRD FRIA'AY MOPTIINS FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1894.+ Some of the .recommendatins of the land boajd diwhich sat here on the i8th inst.for'the consideration of applications:for thliand exTised. frm.ieICor anderrakl Aborigmial :Reserve, and throii iopen for' selection under the. 4nd 'aid 49th clauses respectively. .of .the Land Actt89o,.has causea- cin si.derabledissatipfactionain ogst t e unsuccessful. aplic_ qts,'and. some- rhatse.; b.plain language .thereon has been, used: ii:the .shape'of correspondence to the dailkynewspapers and otherwise. -ALpetition; was presented to dtihe Secretary for Agriculture on the day after the' sittingr of ithe board, in .which the-petitioiers, .t,:the :? iumber. of -26, :stated fihat ith.was freely rumored out side'the board room that allot i tt ~RS i4Q to 107, comprisingi tIll?''best portion of the land, a would be given to certain ap- P plicants, and it is a curious cir-: t cimstance that the decisionrisof t the?b6ird confirmed the'se pre dictions.' It was suggested to d thepetitioners to lodge a' for-.t mal appeal against the deci- t sions of the board, which was t done, and' the .matter':,will-be t dealt with in due course by the f Mifiister of Land's. : Th~mnemi tt bens ot the :board have bheen.. 'called. upon to, 'give: an exlIal .: nation, but: this -we understand c -is off:aii' -ost lam- eanddunsatis factory character. Fortheifour c blocksreferred:- tor.there:were r about 47 appliian'ts,~'the mah- ii jority of whom were married f mnenn withfefamilies,w .and wlio I hlonestly requiriedthe I'anid far I the purpose of settling. upon it and making a home for them selves. ' Now, to show what is. considered..the .,jinconsistenpcly". Stle:-ecommendations;rin tle a&oe- fhte-a; facttlitai'` pre sume .policy of the Gover4i menrt,a t je. present juncture s to give men with families de; pendent upon them the oppo'r tunity of acquiring a home and making good use of the land, wwwilljist mention ?.it fdr .blodkl O4Lhere were !t2..Appli cants, and the board recom mended it to a young man inaimed '1E. G. J. Sloss; "for block- io5, also twelve appli cants, recommended to a youth naimed'E H.Caimedron sonbi of the member in. Parliament fdr thi:i'district ;'.-`block io6, four teen applicants, recommended to T. P, Bryant, whom we be lieve is in fairly comfortable circumstances; while block :Io7: with "niri?.a p'plicaiits, was allotted :z.to Jos. Shaw, the superintendent of the. Aborigi nal Station., -; hen . it is con sidere"d that- fori thesd 'bl'ocks there were many bona-fide apl plicants who treally meant. .tb ;settle upon and develop the re 'sources .of the land, who had! to stand aside and see these grand blocks recommended to appli . cants under.-the; non- residence clause ?who :in". all .probability will do nothing further to the land..than .just barely comply with thie requirements of the t Act, is it not reasori;ble' T ) conclude that there is '"' some thing rotten in the, state of Den mark-?" For our own part we can, cornfidlently: confirih:. the y statements that' certain blocks wouldf be recommended:to cer Stamn applicants, and in connec ; tion with this we might, men tion that, a ,prominent gentle •man inf':this :town off'ered to Pwager, shortly after the: plan arrived in'. Healesville,that he =could =rite the '"i?ies's of the successful. applicants upon . number of, the -blocks, and that they would:. come out - ight on board.day.. It only.requires to be said that h?ie wageir would Shave.been won by the gentle \- man referred to had it...been challenged. There is some, thiig iyery ?:'uriouskabut ithe t tr'nsactidn'6n of this "~ind ?oard racket," andL ist Iearestly, ti Sbe hoped that theinquir.y which s 'to..·emade into the matte'r will be searching-in its charad ter.--A -nother-aiwlward-lookin feature of what is openlytermed these "farcical proceedings," is the monstr?ous. injustie of en forcing from each applicant t deposit of £i to qualify them Sto ;a " chance!' ,in:. the~ gifeat land lottery. Correspondents in.sthe ...j?,e, ocby; ' "'" Llt thfsly " _:., Sirl'irit was de Scided .practically that thes' blocks were to go to certaif partfe ,?b ,m.it .was. . :rish K 16?i5 rue fare'to make-us-pay- r.-appli. cation fee- and the train fare whilst we never had "a':ghost of h ashb~i. of 'o.baining the land. I estimate, that for these fou't lots-;the' GbViii-innt received iFees andi l f'ares £,'7"5."' Another says ----" Fancy as. many. as 4 d or.;more aaplicants. beings in e duc'ed to proceed to Healesville at: a cost of 7s. and loss of a e whole day: to attend the:board meeting and then find 'it rwas practically cut and dried before ne haid, of which there isabun n dance of evidence. I am de e teirmined never again to risk'a '£I:,in this way, but will patron d' ise Miller's sweep in preference; t in. which case I may have a t- chance, however slight, of get *ting something for my money, and can ihen,-.perhaps, buy a piece ofland.:." It is merely in the spirit of fir. play?andJjus tice that. ?,weeJ make itheset re~ marks. and with the: earnest desireto;seei men -settled uipon'r the land who -woulde pr epalid to .improves rand utilise. it' to their oWn,,advantage and also that ,ofthecommunity at-large ; for I:it is;.niestablishedT t t that tie; ge.i ui- ne =and?-permanent settlemnt.:.ob ofr"the ' l id ?i has proved tthe backlbond M.f'the colony. :This " `is.what we, .and, every: honest, - right'tliinking colonistdes?re'' tb seeonsi6rii mated, rnd we trust .the.efforts . in this [directi6i will not be frustrated :ireeh by the inex plicableredCimile'ndations of a land board.!; ,?? . j; . 1"y WH.IENEVER ipeople begin to.talk about money, its uses and abuses," they are liable to get a little "mixed." And when sucl?:?'ii undeniable"autho y :Mr Goschen is obliged to: confess that te. isone `questiBi 'is ""surrounded , extdrdinry pe ple ity," on can'hardl .wni d er'that' isimple womi??i gets "foggedl" when she undertakes to solve the money problem. Some such fate. appears. ttp iave? befalle 'Miss .Michie, in-Melbourne, the other night This lady is ia daughter of Sir Archi bald Michie, -a ao. wihich may)have] had something to:do in getting an audi ence: to givenher a hearing-in Oairnýs iemoriail Church--~hen she undertook, to lecture upon " Money." Most of us in these degenerate days would be glad to finger a little of the coin, and leave its virtues,:or otherwise, to be settled by the:next'gaenerationi Miss Michie, however;'thinks differintly; She dealt with the s.ulbject, :we are told, "on .severely scientific lines"--a fact which goes to prove that women are more ready to tackle abstruse questions than men' are: t. Some- pesioi' af.e isid 'to walk with confidence in places where angels fear to tread; and Miss Michie. appears to have the faculty of.ligh?ly entering upon, discussing, and. settling questions which .a Goscien of? ' R1ths child'touch only with didence. The "lady is "said to have largely filled her leeture with quotations from the; lead ing writers on the subject, and the con clusion arrived at wass that " money is the root of all evil.", Moralists have told us. this. from remote ages'until now; and if Miss Mitchie had nothing newer po say, shy might have been just \- as-,profitably employed. :darning 'stock ings-at??i e. The lady energetically impressedlupon'n"emn the necessity of 'iaking themselves money's' masters, instead' of allowing money to master them. .hy this piece of.advice -was tendered: it.is hard to say;,unless thq \- lectures thought that when men bhe -came money's masters, the .women will. -have- mre coin :to go .shopping ih. SAnywaj, most men have.been engaged in the i''sperate struggle to conquer 1 money for hundreds upon hundreds-of yearss, with what success may he judged: by lo:kirtgat: the wveckage of 'the re 1 cean land blon. 'N1ow; if Miss Michie t had told 's h,'r to beconme masters of 1 money, sIe would have had pleity of atentiv iBisteners, and would, more 1 over, have arried the gratitude ofthbe human lce;, but, wherin she merely says-" "':and do it," one-may- be tempted to ask whether. she succeeded in adoing It-hereld. - wonder ihat i poor Mr.Deristoun Wood. complained that. the lecturess spolkoe above the heads of ler audience. No doubt she did, and thre. are two luoid explana tions of the: fa~S i 'the rs , laee, she stood upon a raised platfdrm, and, . i the:; a?c ,d placei having -settted matters ii~ er own mind she thought it unneeearvy to'state the processes by which shearrived at cnclus'aions.itThis is so like women-- that is, women who rt de taks1 to re.:en~rat? ifsdetfy .They, . ?aefve-y' ch.lIke men in thes'e re Sapeots. Ieni are not always infallible Sguid~a,~ nd-'there.ist eothiniyet ?it-o show that wonen are any better. Still there are restless people, who environ t t /?ah? .?in .::'pet ticoats¢-wan -- are i dissatisfi~t with men's work, 'and who aspire t alare it. When they lave achieveh eir 'obje if tey ever do; f the fune tois f society will have,,ti b' re-adjust~l. When woman is entrusted Swith outide duties, .at present per Sformed b inan certain arraigem ents r will haveto l ;made. If women enter the walkof politics, or usurp .t?h?iell-1 ing of ti, artisan-whether, ascarpen-. ter or h6khlyer-the m?ncwilni'irrif' he eomled to fill up their time-in househol duties. The ladies will then have tdecide the nature of those duties mr their-scope. Will the men be set t vash and iron, or be confined. to the1l amimbitious' tasks of feedino the habyundr rocking the oradle ? Or, perhaI'hey may be entrusted with the mor refined duties of receiving ' visitorsiid making calls; 6r they may a be entr ted with the crochet-work, aRl the mamulation of the hired piano. Whkws " . 