ClIAlTIiB XXL " Upon a lone, A touch of helli, his blood would cob and flow, And (ifs check chance tempestuously . . Hut «he in these loud fcelitifrfl had no share ; Her elirhs were not for him ; to her he was Kvcn aa a brother-but no more " After that conversation with thc houi agent (lie idea that he had found the clue thc Cheriton Chase mystery took root Theodore Dalbrook's mimi. Taking as 1: starting-point thc notion of a deadly hatn wreaking itself in un indirect revenge, the seemed no more likely figure for thc tole avenger than that of thc wronged and deBert« husbutid. The one startling improbability this view of thc case waB the long intcrv between thc husband's appearance ut Myrt Cofuge and the date of the murder ¡ but ev« this difficulty Theodore was able to accoui for upon thc hypothesis of u gradual pcrvc Mon, u descent from vice to crime, as thc man nature burdened under the corrupting ii lluencc of a profligate life, while thc ol fostering sore grew into a malignant cankc under thc lash of misery. He had seen, i that great seething cauldron of London li men whose countenances bore thc stamp of degradation so profound that the mo: ferocious crime might seem thc normal ou conic of their perverted natures. He coi1' imagine how tile trodden-down geutleuiai steeped in drink, and embittered by thc idi of wrongs which had been thc naturul consi qttence of his own misconduct, hud sunk ute by step upon the ladder of vice, till ho ha arrived at the lowest deep of that abysim world where the drcums of men ure stuiuc with blood and darkened by thc shadow- t t he hangman. He could imugiuc him brow: ing over bis wrongs for long years, nursing hi jealous wrath us the one surviving touch c mauliucss that remained to him-until som newspaper description of the Cheriton un Carmichael weddiug, reminded him of th bitter co.itrast between his owu lot and tba ot his rival, and, lashed into sudden fury ho set out upon his murderous crrjnd, hard!; curing whom he murdered so long us he coull hurt the man ho hated. The very fact that Airs. Danvers husbsm had been described as a cruven, made t hc ide: of his guilt more likely. Only a cowan would have chosen such a revenge ; only i coward could have stretched out his ham from thc darkness to kill a man who bud neve injured him. Tile crime was thc crime of i coward or a madman ; and 'his mau, brutalise* by drink, may have been both madman am coward. Hero at least was a man closely associate« with James Dalbrook's life, and having gooi cause to hate him. In the utter darknes surrounding the murder of Godfrey Carmichae this wa* the first flash of light. And having arrived nt this point, Theodor Dalbrook saw himself face to face with a nev and seemingly insurmountable difficulty. Ti follow this clue to thc end, to bring the crimi home to the husband of Lord Cheriton's cast off mistress, was to expose the history of th« great man's earlier years to the world a large, to offer up a reputation which ha« hitherto been stainless us u rich and savoury repast to that carrion brood-consisting o! everybody-which loves to feast upon garbage How the evening newspapers would revel une wallotv in the details of such a story- what denunciating-what gloating over thc weak ness of a strong man's life. How thecontenti bill would bristle with appetising headings, ho A' the shrill-voiced newsboys would yell I huir start ling particulars, their latest develop mcnts of thc Cheriton Chase scandal. This must all inevitably follow upon th« discovery of the murderer, if thc murdcrci were indeed the injured husband. There could bc no possible escape from that glare ol publicity, that swelling symphony of slander. From thc moment thc law luid its hand upon the criminal thc case would pass beyond individual control, und individual interests and reputations would become as nought. Justice would have to do ile work, und in thc doing of it must needs afford the usual fine opportunity to thc newspapers. Theodore thought with horror of such humiliation coming upon Lord Cheriton, and through him upon Juanita, who loved her father with u reverential affection, and who was intensely proud of his character and position. He thought of gentle Lady Cheriton, who adored her husband, and who doubtless would be made miserable by the knowledge that his lirst love had been given to another woman, whom ho had loved well enough to sacrifice honour for thc sake of that illicit love. What agony to that single-minded, trusting creature to lind that durk spot upon her husband's past, and to know that thc daughter's happiness had been blighted because of thc father's sin. With these considerations in his mind it seemed to Theodore that it would bc better to halt on the very threshold of discovery ; mid yet there was thc appalling thought of further possibilities in the way of crime-of a mad- man's revenge carried u stage further, a madman's pistol aimed at thc defenceless mother or sleeping child. What was he to do? Was there no alternative between inaction and such action as must speedily set iu motion thc machinery of law, una thus deprive him of all free will in thc future conduct of the case ! Yes, there was an alternate course. If he were once assured of the identity of the assassin, it might bc in his power to lay hands upon him, and to place him under such cir- cumstances of control in the future as would ensure Juanita'ssafcty, and render any further crime impossible. If he were mad, as Theo- dore thought more than likely, he might be quietly gvt into an asylum. If he were still master of hts actions he might he got abroad, to thc remotest colony in the Antipodes. Thc knowledge of his crime would be a hold over him, a lever which would remove him to thc uttermost ends of the earth, if need were. This would bc an illegal compromise, no doubt-unjustifiable in tho eye of thc law but if il ensured Juanita's safety, and saved her father's character, thc compromise was worth making. It was, indeed, thc only wuy by which her security and her father's good name could bc provided for. To arrive at this result he had to find tim ?nan who had appenred in Mr. Adkins' office about four-and-twenty-ycars ago, and of whose subsequent existence he, Theodore, had no knowledge. "I must begin at thc other end," he told himself. "If that mun wus thc murderer, he must have been seen in the ncigbourhood. It is nut possible that ho could have come to thc place, and watched and waited for his opportunity, and got clear off after the deed was done without being seen hy Human eyes." Anil yet there remained thc fact that thc local policcmun and u London detective had both failed in obtaining thc faintest trace of a suspicious- looking stranger, or indeed of any stranger, male or female, who had been observed in the neighbourhood of Cheriton before or after thc murder ; there remained the fact that a Iurgc reward had been offered without resulting in one scrap of information bearing upon the subject. How could he hope, in the face of these facts, to trace the move- ments of a mau whose personal appearance was unknown to him, and who hail come end gauc like a shadow Î " I can but try, und I can but fail," he told himself. " Knowing what I now know, I cumiot remain inactive." It may bc that he had caught something of thc fiery eagerness which consumed Juanita, that in bis ardent desire to bc worthy of her regard, to wuBtc his life in her service he had become, UB it were, inoculated with the spirit of his mistress, and hoped ns she hoped, and thought as she thought. With thc beginning of thc Long Vacation hs went to Dorchester, but this time not alone. Ho took his friend Cuthbert Ramsay with him, as a visitor to the grave old houBC, in the grave old town. His sisters often made a complaint against him that he never introduced any of his college friends to them-that whereas the sisters of other University men were rich in thc acquaintance of ChuriicB and Algernons, and Freds and Toms, who wore produccablc at tennis parties and available for picnics at thc shortest notice, they were restricted to thc youths of Dorchester and a horizon limited by thc country houses of thc immediate neigh- bourhood. Remembering these reproaches, and seeing that his fi ¡end Ramsay was over- worked anil obviously panting for rest and country air, Theodore suggested that he should occupy tile bachelor's room in Cornhill a« long as he could venture to stop away from hospitals and lectures and scientific investiga- tions. "You want a long fallow, Cuthbert," he said, "and you couldn't have a better lotus lund than Dorchester. There's not an excite- ment or a feverish sensation to be had within twenty miles, and then I really want to make you known to my cousin, Lord Cheriton. He is a very clever man-an all-round man-und he would be interested in you and all that you are doing." " I Bhull be proud of knowing him. And then lhere is your cousin, Lady Carmichael. I am deeply interested in her, without having ever seen her face, and when X do Bee her-' " You will say she is one of the loveliest women you ever saw in your life, Cuthbert. I have no doubt of that. \ou will sec her beauty under a cloud, for she is not one of those women who begin to get over thc loss of a husband us soon as their crape gets rusty ; but her beauly is all ill« more touching on account of thc grief that separates her from all other women-even from her psst Beif. I sometimes look at her aod wonder if this sad and silent woman can bc thc Juanita 1 once knew : thc light-hearted, spontaneous girl, a buoyant, joyous creature, all impulse and caprice, fancy and imagination," ** You may bc sure that i skull admire her, and you may be sure I shall not forget that there is suinenuc whose admiration has a deeper root than the lust of thc eye and thc fancy of the moment." Theodore would not affect to misunderstand him. It was not possible that he could have talked of his cousin in thc freedom of friend- ship without having revealed himself to his friend. " My dear fellow," he said, with a sigh, "mine is a hopeless ca6C You will koow that it is so when you see Juanita and mc together. Her mother said to mc on thc first day of this year, ' If ever she comes to care for anybody it will he some new person ;' and I have not the least doubt that her mother was right. Her first love was her playfellow, the companion of her girlhood. A woman cannot have two such loves. Her second attachment, if she ever makes one, will bc of a totally different character." *' Who knows, Theodore? A woman's hcari. is to he measured by no plummet linc that I know of ; it is suDject to no scientific test ; wc cannot say it shall give this or that result. It may remain cold aa marble to a man through years of faithful devotion, and then, in an instant, the marble may change to a volcano, and hidden fires may leap out of that seeming coldness. ' Nil desperandum ' should be the motto of inventors-and lovers." Dorchester, and especially the old house in Cornhill, received Mr. Ramsay with open arms. Harrington was in thc dejected state of a young man who has been rudely awakened from youth's sweetest delusion. Fooled und forsaken by Juliet Baldwin, he had told him- self that all women are liurs, and was doing all in his power to establish his reputation ns a woinau-hater. In this temper of mind he was not averse from his own sex, and he welcomed his brother's friend with unaffected cordiality, and was evidently cheered by the new life which Ramsay's vivacity brought into the quiet atmosphere of home. Thc sisters were delighted to do honour to a scientific man, and were surprised, on attacking Mr. Ramsay at dinner with the ease and aplomb of confreres in modern science, tn discover one or two things-either that he knew nothing, or that they knew very little. They were at first inclined to thc former opinion, but it gradually da« ned upon them that their own much valued learn- ing was of a purely elementary character, and that their facts were for thc most part wrong. Chastened by this discovery, they allowed thu conversation to drift into lighter channels, and ucver again tackled Air. Ramsay cither upon thc broad and opeu subject of evolution, or thc burning question of the cholera bacillus. They were even content to leave him to thc enjoyment of Iiis own views upon spontaneous generation and the movement of glaciers, instead of setting bini right upon both subjects, as they had intended in the begin- ning of their acquaintance. " He is remarkably handsome, but horribly dogmatic," Sophia told her brother, "anil I'm afraid he belongs to thc showy, shallow school which has arisen since thc death of Darwin. He would hardly have dared to talk as he did at dinner during Darwin's lifetime." " Perhaps not, if Darwin had been omni- present." 11 Oh, there is a restraining influence in thc very existence of such a mau. He is a per- petual court of appeal againBt arrogant smattcrers." " I don't think you can call a mau who took a first das1) in science u smattercr, Sophy. However, I'm sorry you don't like my friend." " I like him well enough, but I am not imposed upon by his dogmatism." The two young men drove to the Priory on thc following day ; Theodore feeling painfully eager lo discover what change the last few months had made in Juanita. She hud been in Switzerland, with Lady Jane and the baby, living quietly in one of those little villages on the shores of thc lake of the forest cantons, which combine the picturesque and the dull in u remarkable degree-a mere cluster of chalets and cottages at the foot of thc Rigi, facing the monotonous beauty of the lake and the calm grandeur of snow- capped mountains, which shut in that tranquil corner of the earth and shut out all thc busy world beyond it. Nowhere else had Juanita felt thut deep sense of seclusion, that feeling of being remote from ah thc din and press of life. And now she was again ut thc Priory. She had settled down there in her new position, as widow and mother, a woman for whom all life's passionate story was over, who must live henceforward for that new lifo growing day by day towards that distant agc of passion and of sorrow through which she had passed suddenly and briefly, crowding into a month the emotions of a lifetime. There arc women who live to celebrate their golden wedding who in fifty years of wedlock have not felt half lier sum of love, and who in losing the companion of haifa century have not fell hulf her sum of grief. It is thc capacity for loving and suffering which differs, and weighed against that Time connu but little. She received her cousin with all her old frank friendliness. .She WUB a little more cheerful than when last they met, and bc saw that thu new interest of her lifo lind done good. Lady Jane was at Swanage, and Juanita was alone at thc Priory, though not without thc expectation of company a little Inter in the year, as the Bisters and their husbands were to be with her before thc first of October, so that the expense of pheasant breeding might not bc altogether wasted. " You must bc here as much as you can in October, Theodore,'1 she said, "ami help me to support Mr. Grenville and Mr. Morning- side. One talks nothing but sport, mid the other one insists upon teaching mc tnc science of politics." Shercccived Culhhert Ramsay witha serious sweetness which charmed him. Yes, «be was verily beautiful among women, exceptionally bountiful. Those sont hern eyest shone starlike in the settled pallor of her face, and her whole countenance wus ethcrealised by thought and grief. It touched thc stranger to see how she struggled to put away thc memory of her sorrow and to receive bim with all duo hospitality-how she restrained her self ag she showed him the things that had heen a part of her dead husband's existence, and told him the story of the old house whioh had sheltered so many generations of Carmichaels. Lady Cheriton had been lunching at the Priory, where she came at least twice a week to watch lier grandson's development in all those graces of mind and person which marked his superiority to the average baby. She came all thc oftener to the Priory because of thc difficulty in gcttiug Juanita to Cheri- ton. " My poor child will hardly come to sec us," she told Theodore, as they sauntered on thc lawn while Juanita was showing Mr. Ramsay thc pictures in the dining-room. " She has an insurmountable horror of the house she was once so fond of ; and I can't wonder at it, und I can't bc angry with her. I have seen her suffering when she has been at Cheriton, so I don't worry her to come to us often. I made a point of getting her there once in a way in thc hope of overcoming her horror of the place ns time goes by ; and I have even gone out of my way to make changes in thc furniture and decorations, so that thc rooms should not look exactly thc same us they looked in her fatal honeymoon ; but I can see in her face that every corner of the house is haunted for her. Once when she hod beon calm and cheerful with me for u whole afternoon, walking about the gurdon and going from room to room, she flung her- self into my arms suddenly, sobbing passion- ately. ' We were so happy, mother.' she said, 'so happy in this fatal house.' Wc must bear with her, poor girl. Cod has given her a dark lot. " Theodore hod seen au anxious inquiring look in Juanita's eyes from thc beginning of his visit which told him she wanted to question him, anil he took the first opportunity of being alone with her, while Lady Cheriton entertained Mr. Ramsay with nn exposition of thc merits of her grandson, unconscious of her praises, and slumbering in a hammock on i the lawn, half smothered in embroidered coverlets and softest draperies. "Have you found out anything?" she asked eagerly, as soon as they were out of earshot. " Yes, I believe I have really come upon a clue, and that I may ultimately discover the murderer ; but I can tell you no details as yet-the whole thing is too vague." " How clever of you to succeed where the police have utterly failed. Oh, Theodore, you cannot imagine how I shall value you how deeply grateful-" "Stop, Juanita, for Heaven's sake don't praise me. I may be chasing a Will-o'-the Wisp. I don't suppose that any experienced detective would take up such a clue as I am going to follow-only you have set me to do this thing, and it hos become the business of my life to obey you." "You ure all that is good. Pray tell me everything you have discovered-however vague your ideas may be." "No, Juanita, 1 can tell you nothing yet. You must trust me, dear. I am at best only on thc threshold of a discovery. It may be long before I advance another 6tep. Bc con- tent to know that I am not idle." She gave an impatiint sigh. " It is so hurd to keep in thc dark," she said. "I dream night after night that I myself am on the track of his murderer sometimes that I meet him face to face-oh, the hideous pallid face-the'faceof a man who hos been hanged nnd brought to life again. It is always the same kind of face-the same dull livid hue-though It differs as to features, though thc man is never the same. You cannot imagine thc agony of those dreams, Theodore. Lay that ghost for me, if yon can. Make my life peaceful, though il canjnever bc happy.'' .'Never ii a long word. Nita. As the years go by yonr child's love1 will give life a new colour." " Yes, he is very dear. He has crept into my heart, little,nestling, unconscious thing knowing nothing of my love or my sorrow, und yet steming to comfort me. I sometimes think my darling's spirit looks out of those clear eyes. They seem BO full of thought-of thought fur beyond human wisdom." Theodore could seo that the work of healing was being done, slowly but surely. The grucious influence of a new love was being exercised, .iud the frozen heart was reviving to life and warmth under the soft touch of those baby fingers. He saw his cousin smile with something of thc old brightness as she stood by while Cuthbert Ramsay dandled the little lord ot Carmichael Priory in his great strong arms, smiling down ut the tiny pink face in a cloud of lace and muslin. "Anyone can see that Mr. Ramsay is fond of children," said Lady Cheriton approvingly, as if a liking for infants just short-coated were the noblest vii tue of manhood. "Oh, I um fond enough of thc little beggars," answered Cuthbert, lightly. " All thc gutter brats about St. Thomas's know me, und haue on to my coat tails as I go by. I like to look at the child's face-those old shrewd London fuces especially-and speculate upon thc life that lies before those younglings -thc things those eyes are to see, the words those lips ure to speak. Life is such a tre- mendous mystery, don't you know-one can never bc tired of wondering about it. But this fellow IB going to bc very happy, and a great man in thc land. He is going to belong to the new order, the order of rich who go through life shoulder to shoulder with thc poor ; thc rcdrcssors of wrong, thc adjusters of social levels. " " I hope you arc not a Socialist, Mr. Ramsay, "said Lady Cheriton, with an alarmed air. " Not much ; but I acknowledge that there arc points where my ideas touch the boundary linc of Socialism. I don'twant impossibilities. I have no dream of a day when there shall bc no more millionaires, no great patrons of art or great employers of labour, but only a dead level of small means and shabby dwellings, and sordid, colourless lievs. No, there must bo butterflies as well as ants-if it were only that thc ants may have something pretty to look ut. What I should like to see is a stronger bond of friendship and sympathy between thc two ola«sos-a real knowledge ami understanding of each other between rich and poor, und thc twain demons Patron- age and Sycophancy exorcised tor ever and ever. " The tea tables were brought out upon the lawn by this time ; Sir Godfrey Carmichael was carried off by his nurse ; and the two young men sat down with Lady Cheriton and her daughter under thc tree beneath which Juanita and her husband hud sat on that one blissful day which they had spent together at the Priory as man and wife. They seemed a very cheery and pleasant quartette as they sat in the sultry afternoon atmosphere, with thc level lawn and flower- beds stretching before them, nnd thc grout belt of thc old timber shutting out all thc world beyond. Cuthbert Rumsuy w.is thc chief talker, full of animal spirits, launching thc wildest para- doxes, thc most unorthodox opinions. Thc very sound of his strong full voice, the very ring nf his buoyant laugh, were enough to banish gloomy thoughts and sad memories. Lady Cheriton was delighted with this new acquaintance ; lirst because he wus dexterous in handling u baby ; next on thc score of gencrul merits. She was not a deeply read person, bur she had a profound respect for culture in other people ; and she had an idea that ii scieutilic man was a creature apart, belonging to a loftier world than that which she and her friends inhabited. Theodore had told her of his friend's claims to distinction, his hurd work in eeverul cities, and seeing this earnest worker boyish and light hearted, in- terested in thc most frivolous subjects, she was lost in wonder at his condescension. Mic begged him to go to Cheriton with Theodore ul the curliest opportunity, an invi- tation which he uecopted gladly. " 1 have long wished lo knuw Lord Cheri- ton," he said. Thc two young men left soon after lea. Cnthberl's high spirits deserted him ut tho Priory Oates, ami both men were thoughtful dining the homeward drive. " Well, Cuthbert, wliatdo you think of my cousin, now that you have seen her':' Theo dore asked when ho had driven tho first mile. "I can only agree with you, my dear fellow. She isa \cry lovely woman. I think there could hardly be two opinions upon that point." "And do you think-as I do-that it is hopeless for any mau to spend his life in wor- shipping her? Do you think her heart ts buried with her dead husband ?" " Only .18 Proserpine was buried willi Pluto. It is not in human nature for so young a woman to wear her weeds for a lifetime. The hour of revival must como sooner or later. She has too bright anil quick an in- tellect to submit to thc monotony of an inconsolable sorrow. Her energy extends itself now io the deaii e to avenge her huabaud's death. Failing in thal, her restless spirit will seek some u^w outlet. She is beginning to be interested in her child. As that interest grows with the child's growth, her horizon will widen. And theo, and then, when she has discovered that life can still bc beautiful, her heart will become accessible to a new love. Thc cure und thc change, the awaken- ing from death to life, may bc blower than it is in most such CLSC2, because this woman is the essence of sincerity, and all her feelings lie deep. Bul tie awakening will conic you may be turc of thal. Wait for it, Theo- dore, contain your roul in patience." " You can afford vu be philosophical," said his friend, with ci sii;h. " You are not in love !" " True, Theodore. Ko doubt that makes a difference." (To ie rondnucd.) 