THE PUG TRAIN. Meliitabei stood idly looking out of h e window. The window itself fairly sparkled with iridescent tints of bluo and purple and green, peculiar . to those small panes of glass which have endured the weather for many years and the. scrubbings of two or three generations. The , house was old, solid, and handsome -. for an isolated country farmhouse, and its air was one of generous hospitality and genuine prosperity. But it was very still. Not a sound from within broke the silence, excepting the somewhat impatient tapping of Mehitnbel's finger tips. Without, the young frogs peeped their early spring song in the. little pond, and merry twitters of building birds made the old trees that shadowed the house jolly with life. - "I can't see much use in living in this way," to'tly said Mehitabel to herself. ' "I have got to a point where I must think. . I've worked for a. year to try and not be. lonesome, but I've come to the tag-, end, and I don't see what else there is to' do. Look at this house ! Is there a speck or spot from cellar to garret ? . . Not much.. Is there a thing .that- I- have not mended and put -away . that I did hot want' around ? Just noth ing.' Is there anything' Tacking that a -reasonable woman could- want ?. Haven't I got clothes enough and a horse and buggy, and a dozen magazines, and a whole year's making of-' ell .' down cellar untouched ? And isn't the farm being run better than any in this- country ? And isn't my \ garden doing much better and earlier than usual ? Well, then, what ami com plaining of? Aren't the stones all set to mother's and father's graves, and the grass as green and thick as a board ? Then what pnore do I want? What's the matter with me? I've got a lot of fine hens, haveri't I ? And two of the handsomest, cats that ever lived on a farm 1 And my time-table ! I have that, haven't I ? and the beautiful summer-resort book of all the places the cars go to ? And haven't I tho money to go when I want to? -Then why don't I go Who is to hinder ?" And she looked back defiantly into tho pleasant Bitting-room to the tall clock, ticking comfortably in the corner ; to the great fireplace, crackling away with a birchwood fire — for. the days were yet chilly ; to the row of flourishing-house- plants sunning themselves in the west window, and to the portrait of her father, very sleek and solemn, painted; in the middle ago by. a travelling artist " for his board for a month." There she- stopped. "Father wouldn't' let me, said she. Presently, however, resuming her thoughtful tapping on the pane,, she said in- a still lower tone of voice: "But father's dead, and I'm forty, and I'm mistress of myself, and I'm going." There was a fine line of determina tion in her lips, but her eyes looked a little scared at her own audacity.; : " Here I've been born and lived,'.' she continued, "right in this house for forty years, and never yet have I set foot in the oars ! I saw them when the first load of gravel .was cut out and hauled to the meadow to build, the embankment — I watched them, root and branch, till they got .it all levelled up and the rails laid ; I saw the first engine come puffing along with a loadof stone. Lord! weren't wo children frightened ! And now I can remem ber that I saw the first freight train pass, and then the passenger ; and father made a pile of money selling land all along where the station was built, although he hated tho railroad so that he never said a good' word for it in his life, and would not ride on it, although they gave him a free pass. Then the cars kept getting handsomer and handsomer, and I grew up, getting handsomer too, if I do say it. And finally I knew more about that rail road there than any brakeman along tho line. There goes tho two-ten ex press ; it's always on time ! And then came the vestibuled trains. They run the first one tho very day we buried father. I noticed it just as they were putting his coffin into tho hearse. He always pooh-poohed so at everything new that tho railroad did, that I half expected he would say something, for a minute ! I thought that likely they would have as hno carriages as those up in heaven, and like as not ho would have to ride in them ; but ho said, though, that ho meant to get clost up to the band as he could. Ho was dret- ful fond of music 1" She had lapsed into the familiar idiom of her New England State, although she usually made use of a more conventional language. "Yes, he was drotful fond of music. That old melodeon seems to sigh just like him sometimes — as if his ghost was trying to ask me to sing the ' Sweet By-and- Byo' to him, as I used to. Now, I say, I am going away — I am going to do what I always wanted to do. I have always just died to ride on the oars, and I am going to do it ! Hadn't I ought to ? Didn't 1 see thorn built? Is thereanythingaboutthis road that I don't know ? Haven't I watched it for thirty years, Sundays and week days, snow and rain, sun and frost, midnight nnd mornings ? How many times have I got up to watch the mid- nightexpress tear through tho meadow? That stream there, all swelling and boiling, is going to make a big accident there some day. " I've prophesied it tor fifteen or twenty years." And the smile of an oracle swept across her fine feav tures. " Now, father, don't you frown down ou me in that way ! You never would let me go anywhere while you lived, and you know as : well.:as I. do that the best track-walkeron theroad; used' to/come here ' for "suppers, arid "if : it had' riot - been" for you L- couid — might have been— I say Tie is. a con ductor now on the finest train except the vestibuled. He waves his hand to me often j but he is married.' And— do you hear me?— I am going to ride seventy-five miles on the railroad. Just; see i I shall pack my- trunk this week, andnext week I shall go; and I shallbe gone a month, and I shall spend a hundred dollars! And, father, you can't help it. I'm forty, and— you7 ain't here;" She had seated herself in a low) rocking-chair, and she brought her two- feet down on the hearth with a smart stamp. Poor soul ! this was her first, rebellion. Her' life liad been ruled with a rod of iron by her penurious old father. Her mother, dead ten years, had been his unre sisting slave. At thirty Mehitabel had only exchanged a sober, eventless young womanhood for a still more sober and eventless old mnidhood. In only one thing did either of the women ever dare to circumvent the- old farmer. Eggs and butter he gave them for their spending moriey. On these they must dress and buy every thing they needed from the store ; but they "were clever at many, household things, rind made many a sale of this and that, which paid for the reading riiatter which they both craved and would have. In the tiny post-office there were a few lock-boxes, aud one of these belonged to Mehita bel. Many were the walks taken after tea to this private' treasure-house of learning — of contact with the world without— the bright life from which they were barred by great ranges of wooded hills, but suggestions of which constantly flitted by them in shape of the passing trains. But from these invaluable news papers and periodicals had been culled, so much that, slowly and. surely, dur ing the two years that: had been , sweet years of -freedom'-' to Mehitabel, in which she enjoyed, as an only child, the sole ownership of all her, father had accumulated, the house arid farm had been improved from; ' one '"end-", to the other. Without leaving the town ship, the advertisements so well conned as to be thoroughly appreciated had brought their effect, and at the tiny Adams Express office at .the little station a week seldom passed without bringing some mysterious package for Miss Mehitabel. The village people had gossiped well over all thoso doings, nnd when now china and silver graced her tea- table, artistic draperies hung, in her doorways ; when a real porcelain bath, fed from the waters of mountain springs was set 'in the now bath-room, and a new range with a great copper boiler adorned . the old kitchen ; when oak furniture replaced the corded bedsteads, and moquet carpets were not' too good to spread'in the really stately old parlor, they were lost in horror ; for : they knew " Mehitabel was running through the old squire's money like . tho wind." But she knew better. The old squire had been shrewd- rind poli tic ; the old squire had died- a rich man. " And who is it all for if not forme?" she had questioned within herself. '" There is nobody I care for to come after me. I'll enjoy it whilo" I can." The result was that her house and farm ; were ' famous the. w.hole. county over. But she was more isolated than ever. The neighbors and friends who had sympathised with the squire's wife and daughter when they had to pirieh and save. :to dross decently, and had often been known to wear their " meeting " bonnets two seasons, now felt' the awe and confusion of meeting a person living on a plane of luxury wholly beyond them. After the first curious, admiring rind envying visits, made after a little "house- warming" given by Mehitabel after some additions had been built on to the south side of the main part, they had gradually fallen back into a sense of incongruousness with such new fangled notions, and they let " Mehita bel and her extravagance" severely alone. In duo time Mehitabel imparted her purpose to Jonas, her hired man, who was immenselyastonished at the idea of her going away " in the ears to Upton Heights to stay at tho big hotel." But she silenced all his exclamations with decisive words, arranging with him for the care of tho place in her absence, and bidding him especially not to' gossip about her journey, and to . see that his wife Sary also refrained there from. Then she dismissed him, still in a state of deep amazement, # . " My clothes are nice," she remarked in her mind, " but I'm afraid they are not stylish. ' How to Mako 'Em ' gives a good many hints, though, and that Masher girl had beon to tho city. I guess I'll go and see if I think they will do." And lighting a candle held in a fine old-fashioned candlestick surmounted by a glass globe like a boll turned upside down to protect the flame, she wont out into the hall and began to climb tho stairs, holding on to tho bannisters gently, as she as cended from one broad landing to another, to where a stream of mellow moonlight fell through a broad stained- glass window, "That is beautiful," she said, as she stopped to gaze at its soft gorgeousness. "It is really beautiful 1 Oh, if I only had some one here who could understand it — appre ciate it 1 Some one who had a heart for things that are lovely — an artist or a poet — anyway a man !'' She had corno to her own great chamber now, and glanced into the long mirror that was set into tho wall. With tho word " man " a virgin blush had spread, over her face and neck, and she had timidly dropped her eyes before her own reflection. Then, with the new defiance and independence which had unaccountably entered into her. this afternoon, she raised her eyes again and, lifting the candle high above her head, looked herself over from head to foot. It was . a pleasant picture, a. quaint pic ture, thus reflected. Her figure, tall arid rather stately, was enveloped in a soft cashmere of a. rosy velvet shade, and fluffed around the., sleoves and neck witlrviolot ribbons and some soft silk lace. Hor hair, drawn high and massed on tlio , top of her head,' was waved sufficiently to give thewhitobrow a half Madonna look, while the deep, dark eyes lit a face not beautiful, per haps, but fine, a face of character, worth decision, yet Bofteried by the poetry and grace of a strong instinct for the beautiful. A twinkle of humor shot across the countenance, giving it an added attraction. Now with a low laugh of -real enjoyment' she spoke aloud : - "And why not a man? Am I so different to, every other .woman that I may not want to bo loved and cared for? What if I am forty ? What if I never had a love affair in my life ? It is high time I did ! What if my girlhood was cramped in these hills and woods, and my womanhood dulled into habits of commonplace ? My heart is not dead — it is simply untouched, and I have read that it is considered a most desirable thing in love. I know there is such a thing as a man— the very map whom I could love and who eould love me ; and I wish he were hete this minute ! I'm not ashamed of it. I'm -honest to myself, that's; all. I wish Ho were— My, God ! " The accident which Mehitabel had so long prophesied had at last oc curred. The Bpring '.rains, filling the little .stream to overflowing, bad loosened the supports of tho narrow bridge,' and when the seven o'clock "vestibuled" passed over it it had sunk, throwing the last oar like a bomb side- wise ofi the track, detaching it in an in stant from the flying train, and leaving it standing with the forward trucks deep in the bed of , the stream, and. the. rear, ones high in air, - " Oh ! then and there were hurryings to and fro," amid terrible fears of cries and anguish ; but after all had been examined none wore found to be seriously injured but one gentleman-, who lay unconscious with a concussion of the; brain; .They had taken ; him . out and laid him on a sleeper mattress and covered him with blankets when Mehitabel and Jonas arrived on the scene, running around the curve of road that' led -to the house on. the hill as rapidly as two people could hurry. Both were full of excitement, curi osity and anticipation. lYlehitabel couldn't help a sense of enjoy inent flooding her consciousness as soon as she had been assured that no one was killed. "They, will have to lift the car on to its wheels, and I shall have a chance to go through it." But in a moment 'her attention was attracted to tho man who was lying with face as, pale as marble at her feet. A young fellow who professed a little knowledge of medicine was kneeling with his hand on the injured man's heart and de claring that it beat, but urging the necessity for some immediate action. " Jonas !" Mehitabel cried, go for Dr. Dick at once.'. Bring this man right up to my house," she added, turning to the others. "If there is anything that can be - done for him it shall be, for we' will ,do it." Some official said somethirig of the rules in cases of accident, but the medical gentleman at once put in his protest : " It may save him. I should advise you to leave him hero, by all means, To. go sixty miles more with out help may be his death." So it was arranged, and in a short time the "spare chamber" of the great farmhouse was the scene of an earnest attempt to bring the man to consciousness, Tho train which was but little injured by this mishap to the rear car, went on after some thoughtful person had found the man's checks and secured his baggage from the baggage-car, and within an hour of the time Miss Mehitabel had stood before her mirror laughing at her own honest wish for a man, the man — or, at any rate, a man — had been installed in hor home, and the village doctor had sent Jonas to D for a physician to consult with him upon the case. Sary had come to stay indefinitely, and Miss Mehitabel had put on a simple white apron over her pretty dress and constituted herself chief nurse. But many hours, days and weeks passed before she was rewarded by a sign of rationality in hor patient. Money had not beon spared for him. The physician at D had sent for a still more eminent doctor front a neighboring city, yet, whilo life still lingered, consciousness did not return. But for some time now, since the soft June roses had blown their fragrance in at the windows, a strong hope had been entertained that all was going well, and that very soon, at almost any time, Richard Fernald would come to his senses. And yet when he spoke Miss Mehitabel, who happened to I be standing with hor back to the bed, started as if shot. She turned ( hastily towards him, and at last saw J a look of serene consciousness in his ; eyes, which wore gazing at her with the pathetic gentleness of a child. Ho had said, " Am I sick ?'' and she met his question with a little cry of sur prise and delight, " Yes, sir," she stammered. " That is, you have been. But you will be well very soon now, I think. Do you want anything ?" "Just to know why I am hero and who you are ?" he answered,- 'feebly., "I don't think I ever saw you be fore." - ' " No ; and you would not be here were it not that your train — the vesti buled, you know— met with an accident, and as you were badly hurt wo brought you to my house, here. I am Mehitabel Rogers," she answered, quietly, " and I am very glad to mako your acquaintance." He said, " Thank you," and dropped ofl to Bleep again like an infant. This was the beginning of a long' convalescence. Mehitabel did not take her trip and go to Upton Heights, but Sary and Jonas came to the house to live all the -same, and besides these, Miss Mehitabel had sent to D — — at once and obtained a capable, in telligent, lad,. who became the nurse and assistant of Mr. Fernald in neces sary services. So it was now not very long before, stretched in the great invalid chair her thoughtfulness had, provided; the sweet, shady summer, mornings were spent on the -.north piazza, with the hostess at work, per haps shelling early, peas, perhaps beatr ing an egg for some dolioate cookery, or oftener with bookTn hand, reading to a mo3t attentive and most rip-, preciative listener rind critic." .For lovely indeed .was- the voice of the - reader. In her : absorption in the topic she utterly threw off all crudeness ..of pronunciation, all pro vincialism. of inflection, and with, tones of natural music; deep, rich and mellow, her soul, so pent and bound in its narrow sphere .of 'actual, environ ment, took on the freedom and ease qf the inspiration of art and culture, and expressed itself in eloquent and graceful intonations, so full of delicacy arid re finement, that Richard. Fernald, who had believed the world did not hold for him a new type,' was startled into profound respect and eager . admira tion. To read well was her sole gift. How proud her mother had been of it! And while he listened lie watched her. A cyriicril man of the world, whose life had been one of leisure, of thought-, of study, and who had escaped the blandishments of society mothers, lie had ignored the attractions of many a fashionable woman of hisset whosought to ensnare a heart as yet- never, deeply touched. With infinite tact, in the intervals of reading, ho drew from. Miss Mehitabel her simple story. With very little aid of imagination ho could draw the picture of her dull and solitary life, her secret study and self-culture, her habitual bend ing- to the will . of her sturdy father, and; lier natural, relief when at last she was free. . But upon' observing the .evidences of -her radical change from;forced p.enur'y.-'t'o. the open grati fication of every reasonable wish, Tie admitted that she, was'.', unusual— quite unusual--cqnsidefing her training and age. And thinking of her ago, lie re- memoered his own — 8 years her senior —and, thinking of her age, her face, figure, dress, speech, manners — all these came slowly and' positively into his consideration. -'He dwelt on them, studied them, analysed them. And while he studied he found them grow ing beautiful in his eyes, and by and by more attractive and . fascinating, until, finally, he suddenly found that Miss Mehitabel was a very charming and womanly woman, full of sweet, strong character, worthy of a true man's utmost devotion. One morning when she came to him with a soft flush on her. face, carrying a dish of fresh, ripe strawberries which she had gathered for' him her self, lie caught her hand within his own and hold it awhile, strangely enough, he ended his eternal struggle by putting the answer into language — uttering earnestly the prophetic words, " I am the man 1" \- Then, as in a vision, . she saw herself before her- mirror, as she had been, tliat, fateful night when she had wished so earnestly ; and while she had not thought of if again, now she recalled- it all with a singular vividness, and she turned pale to the very lips and moved silently away. Richard Fernald had told her nothing of himself. He had accepted her hospitality with the frank courtesy with which it had been offered. He had. given her some few details, of course- that lie was a resident of New York, . that bis aged mother was still living there with a married daughter, that he Lad been educated at Yale, had taken -out his papers as a lawyer, and after travelling much abroad had spent some time in Washington. She had sent telegrams to his sister and mother as soon as she . found tho addresses in his notobook, and had at his request notified a great number of business men to address him at her little post-office, and had soon that evervtiiing he possessed was of very stylish and elegant quality ; that he seemed to feel no hasto or embarrass ment about time or people or things, and that, in fact she was evidently harboring a man as indepen dent as herself. But he had still a mysterious air. Something she could not define hung over him like a light cloud. She could not penetrate it. Perhaps she was to be enlightoned, she thought, when, the evening after she had brought the strawberries, he exclaimed : " Miss Mehitabel, would not you like to hear spraethingyou do not know about me 1" She lookod at him seriously and answered, " Yes, I certainly would." " Do you see that ?" ho said, drawing a purse out of his pocket. "That i3 my whole fortune. I have here about seventy- five dollars. It is not nearly enough to pay for even a month of my stay here, but it is all I have. To be sure," he added, with a smile, "I have my clothing, some pins, a ring, and ' some such trifles — but they amount to nothing. My only way to repay you, my dear Miss Rogers, is to go somewhere and earn something. I ; am almost well, and I mean to do so. But let mo tell you why I am in this condition. Doubtless you will con sider it nothing less than a crime, and practically it was so, to risk so much ; but for some time before I started on this trip I had been speculating in Wall-street-." " Did you buy on a margin ?" said Miss Mehitabel, anxiously. "Father always bought straight out I think it is safer." And she looked at him with redoubled interest-. Ho uttered a low whistle of delight and thought, "The most worldly country woman that ever was born, I do believe I" Then he went on : " I went in with two hundred thousand dollars. I came out that day with enough to buy a ticket to, San Francisco — as far as I eould. get — and seventy-five dollars. Hero is the; ticket. Fortunately it was an unlimited, as I meant to stay a day in Ohioago. Now, do you think I had better go on to San Francisco and hide myself from-T you and from everybody else ? I rim forty-eight and a failure. Oh, by the way, I have one thing, more.--',. It is a little block of stock in this very railroad, here. Only ten shares, ..Miss Mehitabel ; it doesn't, amount to inuch-r—it's a wonder it did not .go with the -re3t— so I'll leave this with you as a little sou venir of my, visit," laughing lightly arid tossing the paper into her Tap, " and if ever X come brick, rich rind famous and redeemed — able- to show you _ what I think of your wise kind ness—will you lot mq? May .1 sit in. this old sitting- room once more with you, if I will go away and mako a new man of myself?" He had. graspe'd her . hands, and was . looking at her with eyes of passionate pleading. " I am not worthy, dear," he said, "but I . know, I feel,, that I am the man." . '. " It is too bad you lost," she said musingly. "But then it happeris'so, I suppose, once in a while. Sari Fran cisco is a long way from here, isn't it?" she; continued, still ; in a musing tone. " Shall you go in a. vestibuled train all the way ?" ' " I had arranged for it," wondering what turn her thought could have taken. - ' ,' " I never rode in .the , cars in my life," she went on with more, anima tion, " and I have always, wanted to, oh, so much !— more than I can say. And this is stock iri this road ? Ten shares ! Why, that amounts to a good deal. And you don't owe me anything, for the manager has been sending money, to pay all your bills ever since you were hurt. I love this road. Itis an honorable, straightforward com pany." Then she added; timidly, look ing at him with an air of deprecation : "Would you mind if I bought a ticket and went, to San Francisco with you, too ? You see, I have never travelled at all, and" I am afraid should' need someone, and I gave up a trip that I had planned to take for — well, because jlou came, and now I feel that I would like to make up for that with a long journey." He gazed at her very thoughtfully , for a few minutes and then said : " Mehitabel, dear, I told you I was poor,, ruined, and it is a . fact. I am accustomed to livo in a somewhat luxurious way, for I was brought up so; but I cannot, shall not, always be poor. My . dear mother, bless her good heart! has" all the property of my father. It will ; be divided between my "sister , arid me sometime. But I have been a proud fellow, and when I was 21 I accepted those 10 shares of railroad stock from father, and began life for myself. I never parted with that stock, for I' had a Tittle sentiment about it. - I thought I should give it -to the woman I should marry. I nave had my .ups and downs, but I have never been ruined before. It . hurts me — outs my pride; and I have made avowin raysoul that I wilj never speculate again. So miy chances are; poor. But, my dear, sweet woman, if you want to go to San Franoisco, and would go with me on the vestibuled train, as my- .wife, dear, I rihould — I. love you, I love you, I-Iotty." Miss Mabel raised a grave, sweet face full of strong faith and tender de votion. , " YeSj" she sighed happily, "you are tho man!" And as they climbed the broad staircase . together, they Btood in the mellow radiance of the moonlight streaming through the stained-glass window, and she ex claimed with a low laugh of pleasure : " At last one who can appreciate and understand beauty— not a poet, not an artist, but a man, who knows ! And, dear heart, that story all about your inoney and your speculations is not new to me. For while you were lying unconscious, -your mother and sister and I constantly corresponded. They would, as you know, have come here at once, but your'own family physician for bade any possible excitement, and they wrote me about your money and your speculations, because I told them that you were raving about them and 1 did not know but what it might be something important. And they told me it was the first time you had ever speculated in your life, and that it was not with your own money, but that at the urgent request of a lady client you had followed her directions and had lost every cent she had in tho world, and then quixotically beggared yourself to pay her back. And thoy sent mo a cheque for one thousand dollars to pay your expenses. I will hand it to you in the morning." 