All the vacanoies in the Legislative Council having been filled op, as well eb the one in the House of Assembly rendered vacant by the Hon. T. Play ford's retirement, both branches may. be considered thoroughly equipped for work. Ministers have had to formu late a poliey to meet as well as possible the various shades of opinion inside as well as outside Parliament House. Business having been formally began by his Excellency reading the pro gramme in which is embodied the Go vernment's specific for the betterment of the colony, its fitness for the pur pose intended will be the first theme for debate. A precedent has been es tablished of moving a no-confidence motion on the opening of Parliament, which as a rule has developed into personalities, bad feeling, and a mis use of time. It has led betimes to a change of Ministry, and the change has not always been conducive to good Government. On this occasion it is to be hoped that the lines run upon too frequently by place and profit seekers will be avoided, and measures—- not men— be seized upon and tenaciously adhered to. True, report is common to the effect that the existing Opposi tion has no baekbone, and is therefore utterly incapable of making an on slaught on the present Ministry. Or, it is said, were a no-confidence motion carried a competent Government could not be culled from the Opposition ranks. But all such vaporings go for nothing. We believe there are men in both branches of the legislature who are equal to any emergency. And should substantial reasons be advanced to justify a change of Ministry the portfolios could be taken up by com petent men. Political gossipers have been bold enough to affirm that owing to the defeat of Mr. Copley the Oppo sition has not now in the Council an honorable capable of taking up and wearing his mantle. Some electors may be simple enough to believe such a thing, but in this district tbe state ment only provokes a smile. Mr, Cop ley has a large number of friends who know his worth, and no doubt will stand by him, and again help him in tbe time of need. They are not, how ever, prepared to say that in the Coun cil the Opposition cannot find his equal. We admit that hi6 defeat is a loss to the country, but we are we think correot in the assertion that had Mr. Copley exercised a little more pru dence on the hustings he would have Bcored a victory. He felt that his political opponents were doing their utmost to out-distance him, and being goaded by their misrepresentations be took too much notice of them, and sought to rebut the charges, which led him on to treacherous and dangerous toe. He erred in not carrying with him his honey pot, hence his words were bitter. We read in scripture of a certain father sending his sons to Egypt to buy corn, and telling them to take a little honey with them, and we would tender the same advice to political candidates. The honey may be prudently distributed without any sacrifice of principle, and should Mr. Copley avail himself of this hint when next he appears before electors and seeks their suffrages he will succeed ' hands down.' Some of Mr. Copley's friends are in great distress of mind on account of his defeat, because they reason that in the ordinary course of things it will be a long time before a vacancy again oc curs in the Council. But we have it on good authority that one of the Council fathers is prepared to make any sacrifice rather than Mr. Copley should go into retirement and be for gotten. Were we to say that a large hearted and clear-headed politician like the Hon. E. Ward felt disposed to resign his seat in the Council so as to create a vacancy and give -Mr. Copley a chance of being returned we might be designated dreamers or something even more offensive. We risk con tumely of that description, and are prepared to watch and see the kind of fruit rumor will produce on this politi cal tree. All who know Mr. Ward in timately most admit that it is a lead ing trait of his character to befriend. The general public may only, judge Mr'. Ward as being indifferent to the interests of self, and as being prone to walk rough shod over the cherished interests of the many. Only his inti mate friends know the tender pnrsings of the man within the man. But whether rumor may prove right or not the time has come round for Parlia mentary action, and we are anxious in the interests of the country — of the number of unemployed, and the many industries at stake and trembling in the balance— that longing for place will for once be subordinate to the general good. The Kingston Govern ment has worked hard during recess. Ministers have been travelling about a good deal, and in that way have seen the state of the country, and heard the views of electors on questions of vital import. They have had many object leBsons, ana we anticipate tbey nave not failed to profit by them. In that case a fitting programme is being looked for, and if satisfactory the Op position should endorse it, and waste no time in debate on details. Should tbe general principles embodied in the Governor's speech be found adapted to requirements, then it behoves Parlia ment to buckle to, and make for itself a name worthy to be handed down to posterity. Fads should be made to oc cupy a back seat, and repudiation as it relates to legal transactions in the past never again mentioned. Never in the history of South Australia was there greater need for wise legislation, and we are hopeful that the members of both branches have met for the sole purpose of advancing Sooth Australia, Blyth and Gladstone Railway. — The Railway Commissioners, accompanied by Mr. Fendleton (General Traffic Manager), Mr. Loveil (tbe Assistant' Engirie'erin Chief), and Mr, Rutt (assistant engineer) left Adelaide by tbe 4.16 train on Thursday afternoon, May 31, to inspect the Blytb and Gladstone railway prior to its opening. The party arrived at Gladstone at 1.45 on Friday morning, and left at 8 o'clock with Mr. Welboorne (the engineer in charge of works) to examine the line from Gladstone to Blyth and the extension from Brink worth to Snowtown. A full end complete scrutiny of all the works was. made, and at Georgetown a deputation waited upon the Commissioners to ask that additional ac commodation might be provided at Gulnare, whbre it is anticipated that considerable traffic will be obtained. The Commis sioners promised to consider the repre sentations. The whole of the works were inspected, including the bridge over the Broughton, and the Commissioners ex pressed themselves as very much gratified at the way in which this work had been carried out. Tbe party walked across the bridge and then proceeded by train to Brinkwortb, the junction with the Snow town branch. They went on to Snowtown and then returned to Brinkworth, where a station is in course of erection together with residences for the staff. The line was then inspected from Brinkworth to Blyth, and the only works to be completed are the Brinkworth station and residences and the erection of the signals and telegraph line. The line between Blyth and Balaklava, which has had to be strengthened and re ballasted to carry the traffic, as it will form the main route from Adelaide to Port Pirie, was thoroughly examined, and such ad ditional works as are raauired for prevent ing damage from floods, &c;, will forthwith be proceeded with. The party then left Balaklava for Hamley Bridge, reaching Adelaide by the ordinary train at 7.22 on Friday evening. Land and Income Taxes. — During the past week the land and income taxes have come in freely, having amounted to £37,768, as against £23,086 for the corresponding period of last year. However, about £22,000 has yet to be received before the end of June to complete the estimated revenue of £147,000 for the year, and the difference for the most part is due from persons who give the office continual trouble by disregarding their obligations under the Taxation Act. It will be seen by onr ad vertising columns that the Commissioner warnB persons who have not paid their taxeB and persons who are liable but who have omitted io- furnish income tax re turns that proceedings are being taken by the department to compel compliance by defaulters. Adverse action, we are in formed, has been postponed to the utmost extent, but the time has now come when payment of every amount due to the de partment must be insisted upon. The Obchabd. — The fruit growers have been busy during the week pruning their trees. Some amateurs are using the shears and even the saw with a free hand. The opinion of some experteis that these de mocrats are making a sweeping thing of it. But experts are not infrequently re garded as ultra- conservative, who would not cut off too much* old wood, for as they rightly state that by removing the old wood the young must go too, and what is left — only the stump. The democratic gardeners of Marble Palace may take the hint and not cut then political trees to the slump. PfiOFESSOB Lowbtb. — We request our readers to note our advertising columns, and ascertain ^he subject on which Pro fessor Lowrie is to lecture in the Town Ball, Clare, on Thursday evening, June 21. Try and get the farmers to rally up, for there is money in the lecture, and those who are poor and well nigh heart broken at having to give away their wheat may be of good courage, for a fortune is in store for them. The Town Hall.— Clare has a Town Hall, but its outer adornments have long since disappeared. It is a standing monu ment of the hard times which things inani mate have experienced. We take it as a hopeful sin gthat the hall, the property of the ratepayers, is to have a suitable coating to shield it from the rude blaBts of winter. Its appearance will be much improved by the contractor, Mr. Bryant, and visitors will cot be able to saylf uthfolly that it needs paint.' Thanks Sb the liberality of our' worthy Mayor. Enteetainmbnt. — In our advertising Bolumns it will be seen that Mr. John Mor* ley, the clever elocutionist, actor, and im personator, accompanied by a powerful com pany intends visiting Clare on Monday, June 18\. Mr. Morley, it will be remembered, has created quite a reputation for himself as as elocutionist of the first order. His recitals at the Continentals during last season were quite a feature, and made a most favorable impression on his auditors. His rendering of that sterling piece, ' The Battle of Fontenoy,' is spoken of as some thing to be remembered. As an imper sonator he has made a very big hit in the matchless illusion, 'The Ghost of Napo leon,' which has delighted and mystified patrons of the cyclorama for many months past.. The programme is a most attractive one, and the people of Clare have a rich treat in store. Pruning. — By a notice elsewhere it will be seen that Professor Perkins will give a leaBDH on pruning at the vineyards, Stanley Flat school, on the 9th inst. Clabe Rainfall.— The following shows the rainfall in Clare during the years and months named, in inches :— . 1890\. 1891. 1892. 1893. 1894. Jan. .. 3.480 0.630 1.020 0.290 0.450 Feb. . . 1.760 0.200 0.820 0.030 0.780 March.. 1.320 0.970 0.010 0.170 2.410 April .. 1.810 0.840 1.820 4.920 2.010 May .. 2.650 0.740 2.040 9.810 1.720 June .. 4.020 1.470 2.720 4.690 July .. 4.800 4.190 2.060 2.220 Aug. .. 6.460 2.330 4.410 3.640 Sept. . . 1.980 2.010 3.292 3.100 Oct. .. 2.710 2.140 £290 2.080 Nov. .. 2.610 0.760 0.850 2.200 Dec. .. 0.350 0.880 1.460 0.690 32.850 17.1%0 23.782 33.740 7.370 Football. — A match will be played on the Clare Oval to-morrow, between teams representing Armagh and Clare. The Clares will be picked from the following players:— R. E. H. Hope (captain), N Curren, C. Mahon, P. Eyres, J. Welsh, J. Bedford, \\. Bancraft, J. Polglase, M. Sullivan, J.McCord, F. Baum, W. Crase, O. Reardon, T. McCann, T. Sel licks, 0. Ballenger, W. Harmer, M. Ryan, W. Hooper, J. Walsh, R. Webb, J. Vawser, A. Fry»r, J. Binney, and H. Blight. Display. — Messrs. W. G. Lewcock & Son have a good show of apples, pears, &c;, in their shop window. They have also a number of samples of manures of all kinds on view, together with spraying com pounds, &c.; Meeting. — On Thursday evening of last week an exceedingly interesting meeting of the Clare Branch of the Australian Home Reading Union was held in the Institute. The book which members had been reading at home was Carlyle's ' Past and Present/' and this volume formed the topic of the evening, the first half only being dealt with. Miss Lipset read a very thoughtful and in structive paper setting out the contents and purpose of ' Past and Present,' and throw ing a good deal of light upon Carlyle and his teaching. The Rev. R. B. Webb in a short chatty address gave an account of tbe Feudal system as illustrative of Carlyle's 'Past,' and the sort of world in which the AbbotSampsonandhiscontemporarieslived. Miss Hope read a short paper o i the ' Re form Bill of 1832,' a knowledge of which and of the history of the British nation during the years immediately succeeding was required to understand many of Car lyle'a allusions, as indeed his book gene rally. A.Q intert-stiag discussion followed. The second half of *' Past aud Present' will be dealt with at the next meeting, when Mrs. Barnard and others will give short papers. Licensing Bench. — The quarterly meeting of the Midland Licensing Bench was held in the Clare Court-house on Wed nesday, July 6. There was, however, no bueiness whatever set down on the lists which was a most unusual thing. Savings Bank. — The trustees of the Savings Bank at their monthly meeting held on Friday morning fixed the rate of in terest to be paid on deposits for the year ending June 30 at 4 per cent. The report of the institution for May shows that the number of new depositors at Adelaide during the month was 339 and 42 accounts were reopened, or 381 in all, while at 130 agencies there where 360 new depositors and 26 accounts were reopened, or 376 in all, making a total of 757. The number of accounts closed at Adelaide was 278 and at the agencies 125, or 403 in all. The present number of depositors is 83,813, being an increase of 354. The receipts from depositors at Adelaide reached £75,273 12s 6d and at the agencies £32,442 7s 9d, or a total of £107,816 Os 6d. The repayments to depositors at Adelaide aggregated £71,934 14s lid and at the agencies £24,840 12s 3d, or £96,775 7s 2d in all. The increase of deposits was £11,040 13s 4d. Sxbay Cows.— A short time ago we related an incident in connection with the duties of Corporation Inspector. It had to do with the impounding of stray cattle, and resulted in a loss — not of pluck, but of a commodity nearly as scarce. Since that 'epoch' the town cattle have been literally in clover. They can browse where tbey list, for the officer once so zealous in the work of impounding stray quadrupeds will not now pass the street where they are. Toub of Inspection. — One day this week the Mayor of this town and the members of the Council who constitute the Works Committee made a vieit of inspec tion of the respective wards with a view of effecting repairs. The state of tbe paths will be reported to the Council at its next sitting, and the extent of repairs will be determined. Spabrow Destbuction. — A resident of this town informs us that wishing to comply with the Sparrow Act, he procured some poisoned wheat and scattered it about the garden. A number of sparrows were eyeing him as he scattered the deadly grains, and when he had ceased operations and retired, several of the birds winged their way to where tbe baits were laid. They eoon returned and in bird language held a consultation with a large number of their fellows on the roof of the dwelling house. They shortly after took wing, and have not returned. Only one fell a victim to the poison. So far the resident has not found it an easy matter to get rid of the sparrow nuisance. Mice.—' Still they come,' and still they continue to do mischief. The mice are everywhere, even in the jaws of the cats. They are bold enough to enter dwelling houses without permission, and to help themselves to the contents of the cupboard and side-board too. When once they enter a dwelling at all provisioned they will not leave of their own accord. The lawful occupants of the dwellings are obliged to adopt more drastic methods than to ' boot' them in the manner described in our last issue. Mice pie — not mince pie — is becoming a favorite dish with 'some dwellers on the River Hutt. This dish is not only cheap but it is tender, consequently some of our licensed butchers are becoming concerned, though they still retain their complement of customers. The Flower Gabden. — In several of the gardens of this town and suburbs there has been a magnificent display of very choice chrysanthemums, but the season for that favorite flower is now over. Now, however, the panBy and the phlox are open ing their petals in some of tbe early situated gardens and are even becoming attractive. Several varieties of the rose — the floral queen — are developing their buds and giving out their perfumes, while the modest verbena spreads itself over the ground and exhibits many a brilliant crown. The bulbous tribes are looking up, and if Jack Frost with his icy breath will keep away, they will soon make a show and scent tne air. Dentistby. — Mr. Mallan, surgeon den tist, of Adelaide, will visit Clare on the first Monday in every month, and can be consulted at DuRieu's Clare Hotel from 1 p.m. till 6 p.m. Coursing.— The Stanley Conning Club will hold a meet on Messrs. Carter's, Mc Kenzie'e, and BickhofE's properties, near Blyth, on Wednesday, July 4, and follow ing day if necessary. The Stanley All aged Stake of £30 is limited to 24 dogs at 30s each. The first dog will receive £18, the second £8, and the third £4, subject to the stake filling. Nominations close with the secretary (Mr. T. P. Giilen) at Clare on Saturday, June 30, at 8 p.m , and the draw will take place the same evenicg. Mr. R. E. H. Hope has kindly consented to act as judge. Hares are reported to be plentiful, and should the weather prove suitable a good day's sport is assured. Full particulars will be found in our advertising columns. 