ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE. (COPYRIGHT.) COLLEGE JACK. JL REMARKABLE, YET TRUE STORY OF THE Penal Records of Van Dieman's Land. CHAPTER VIII. BY CAPTAIN LAC IE. "I am afraid the ruffian will kill Mary in the meantime unless, impossible as it may seem, he lias relented and is taking her back to her home again. It almost looks like it in his coming this way amidst the settled district. God giant all may turn out well yet," replied the leader of the expedition. " If not I wish I had never undertaken this mission of revenge," he added, and then I would have been at home to guard her from harm. " The greatest care will not always do that. My own opinion is that your sister will come out safely in the end, and that is not far away. Keep your patience until to-morrow, friend," returned Griffin. ^ This was the best advice he could give and all the men were fain to profit by it The night passed without incident and at daylight the tracks were again taken up and followed due east. " I don't understand where they are making for in this direction. I thought lhey would turn north or south but they are going straight on and will come up with a sharp turn soon. The coast is not more than a couple of miles away and there is no escape in that direction," spoke the constable about an hour after noon as he was laboriously tracking the fugitives. The small footmarks of Mary Edwards kept beside the larger prints of the man and there was no mistaking the trail in consequence. Each hour they became fresher, and as the sun declined in the western heavens the four men came in sight of the ocean at a point not far from Falmouth Bay. They were now not more than a mile distant from it, and as the tracks led straight on it occurred to Griffin that the fugitives were making for one of the numerous caverns which indented the coast line in that direction. "Of course Tarleton would have some knowledge of this locality, but it is absolute madness on his part to think of escape in such a manner. I will run him down in twenty-four hours if he adopts that idea. He will not have the ghost of a show, and he must be insane to think of such a thing. Yet why does he bring the girl with him in this fashion ?—and she appears to be willing enough to accompany him, too. If she was the heroine her brothers picture her, why she would have given him plenty of trouble before going this far. It's a queer affair altogether, but-Miles Griffin is just the man to elucidate it," the somewhat puzzled constable mused. There was a conviction growing up in his mind that the girl was not accompanying the outlaw against her will for it seemed scarcely possible the man could force her to do so under the circumstances without using extreme violence. Of course he did not hint his suspicions to the brothers, who seemed as if a dark cloud of woe had fallen on them. It was near sunset when the party arrived at the cliffs which fronted Tasman's Sea. In places they were a couple of hundred feet in height and so preciptous that no human being could possibly descend their rugged sides, but there were many weather-eaten spots where the explorer could descend to the beach far below. The footprints led to one of these marine paths and before going down the constable led the party over to a ledge of the cliff where it might be possible to get a good view of the coast line. " We may have a chance of seeing the fellow, but if not we will go down at once. It will not take us five minutes and may save hours. The tracks, as you noticed, are quite fresh so that they cannot be far ahead." This was so, and the three men willingly followed in the eager hope that they might be able to catch sight of the girl if not the bushranger. There was a magnificent view from the spot though the mists of evening were beginning to fall upon the ocean and seaward little could be distinguished. To the north and the south the party looked but nothing met their eyes save the stretch of frowning coast line. To the south the small harbor of Falmouth was noticed scarce two miles away, and in this direction the constable fixed his gaze as he felt it was possible the bushranger might take the girl and leave her there rather than make a sacrifice. His attention was attracted by a wild cry from Frederick Edwards, who stood on a projecting rock in the cliff about twenty yards away. The young man was standing with his right arm outstretched in a northerly direction and liis whole bearing denoted intense excitement With a run Miles Griffin was at his side and stood dumfounded for a few minutes looking in the in dicated direction. The other two men joined the group and they looked upon a novel scene and one they never forgot From a small cove not above three hundred yards from where they stood a small boat had shot out and in it were a man and a woman whom the spectators at once saw were Tarleton and Mary Edwards. The latter appeared quite composed and was sitting in the stern holding the rudder while her ruffianly companion rowed. The boat was making straight out to sea, and though the water was com paralively smooth it sometimes seemed to disappear in the hollows between the rollers. Almost as the constable reached the side of young Edwards the outlaw saw the group, and he apparently pointed out the men to his companion. The girl turned her head and looked towards the cliff and then waved her hand, Almost immediately afterwards the group of men heard a strange laugh which they could scarcely recognise as that of their sister and it mystified them more than ever. The tall outlaw plied his oars vigorously and the little craft responded to the strokes, and as the sun dipped his chin on the western horizon the gathering mists swallowed up the strange pair as they went phantom-like into the white gloom. With strained eyes the four men tried to pierce the veil which hid the boat and its occupants from them, but it was in vain ; and with a heartbreaking sigh John Edwards turned his mute, appealing eyes to the constable and the latter understood. " It is only a ruse to put us off. That boat will come back in an hour or two and we must be prepared for it. There are only two places along here where they can land, except at Falmouth. Someone will have to go there and rouse the settlers to keep a watch along the coast and also bring down the body of Tom Barrows from the mount. If you'll go, John, we will remain here on the watch—at least I'll stop here while Michael and Fred take up a position at yonder path. It is the only thing we can do, and if you rouse the two settlers and their men at Falmouth and tell the constables at Barrows's homestead what has occurred we will soon nab them. You might find out about the boat, too. It must have been stolen from below, or at least it belongs to someone about this district. If you are willing you had belter start at once, but if you want to stay here perhaps one of your brothers will go. What do you say to the plan ?" spoke the official. " I will go by all means. We must not forget poor Barrows, and the information should be given at once, as you say, in the hope that it may lead to the capture of that man. He must either intend to return or commit suicide for a boat like the one they are in could not live five minutes in a rough sea. My poor sister ! I can't quite make it out. I'll go now and reach Falmouth before it is quite dark," and with a last look at the fog-covered sea John Edwards turned to the south and left the group. " Now, lads, you can either stop here or go to the other pass about four hundred yards across there. Of course we can't stop them from landing even if we wanted to do so, but I wish to prevent Tarleton slipping us again and making for the ranges. He would do it in a moment if he got the chance. By watching the passages to the beach he will be prevented, and in the morning you may have revenge on him. The least rise of wind will drive him back whether he wants to come or not, and this time we must be careful not to give him a chance of getting away," said Griffin. " Any post will do Fred and I and the one you mention is as good to us as aritrtheif - "I would like-to ask you a question, Miles, and give me a true answer. Do you think my sister is in her right mind ?" queried Michael " Well, I never gave such an idea the least thought. Why do you .think she is not ?" asked the constable " By her strange action in this matter and the peculiar laugh we heard just a few minutes ago. It was not the laugh of Mary Edwards though the form was hers," responded Michael The officer was a hard-headed man, who attributed wrong-doing to every cause but madness, and he was about to tell the brothers he thought the girl was sane enough when the look in their faces stopped him and he cleverly effected a compromise, which he did not believe himself, but would calm in a manner the fears of the two men. " There may be a good deal of truth in what you say, for the girl has gone through enough to send her crazy, and at her age the mind often becomes affected ; but still she may have been carried off by force to act as a hostage as I told you before. In the latter case her mind would be all right, and in order not to bring down the violence of her captor—which could do her no good—would-probably do as he directed. Tarleton just now would order her to wave her hand to us as much as to signify she was going with him of her own free will, and she was sensible enough to obey the order. The scoundrel has got her in his power and would not scruple to kill her if she declined to act as he wanted. We have run him down at all events, and there can be no escape for him now. I will see he does not get back this way and I expect you to carefully watch the other pass," replied Miles Griffin. Soon after the two men left their companion and went towards the point where the passage led down the cliffs to the beach. Selecting a position at which they could not be seen by anyone coming up the path, they passed the night without having to act in such an emergency. The constable was similarly circumstanced. He kept guard on the narrow way by which alone the outlaw could leave the beach and make once more for the ranges. Miles Griffin did not doubt for an instant what the man's object was. He felt convinced that being forced down to the coast he had by some means become possessed of the boat, and entering it with the girl waited until the expected pursuers would make their appearance. Then he would put off in the desperate hope they would imagine he was going to risk death on the sea or make for a point further north or south of the position. The official was too old a bird to be caught with such chaff. He well knew that for many miles to the north there was no landing place, and he had provided for the southern contingency even if the man should be foolish enough to go to a place like Falmouth where he would most likely be seen and captured. It was more likely the outlaw, thinking the pursuers would not stop long at the spot whence they saw the boat disappear, might return under cover of the darkness and make for the interior again, and to defeat that supposed object the constable lay concealed in the rocks and watched like a panther during the whole night. As he lay, with the silence around him, the thought of Mary Edwards took fuller possession of him and he marvelled at what it could all mean. The idea of the girl being held a prisoner against her will was fast disappearing, and lie now concluded there must be a mystery in the business which he coul'i not fathom. Perhaps after all she was mad, for her behavior was almost sufficient to convey the idea. When her sweetheart, Tom Barrows, was slain before her eyes, and partly through her instrumentality, she did not appear to be sensibly affected by the tragedy. This was inexplicable in the eyes of Griffin, for some months previously when on a flying visit to the Fingal district he had seen a meeting between the two and was firmly convinced they loved each other sincerely. So the officer mused during the night, each hpur of thought causing him further mental disquiet and making the web still more tangled. When morning broke and nothing had occurred to justify his theory something like anger filled the breast of the constable. The fog was slowly rolling back from the still placid occan, but no spec of sail or black dot of boat could be seen. Going down the passage about forty yards he reached a position from which the beach could be observed for a long distance, and, shading liis eyes against the rays of the rising sun, the constable took in the northern view. Nothing but cliff, sand and sea were noticeable, and after assuring himself there was nothing suspicious in that direction he turned to the south. There two or three moving figures broke the view, but he quickly saw the objects were men from Falmouth whom John Edwards's news had sent forth. There was no sign of the woman or Tarleton, and, greatly disappointed, he turned and retraced his steps to the summit of the cliffs where he was at once joined by Michael and Frederick Edwards and later on by a couple of settlers from Falmouth. They knew little or nothing about the matter save that a boat belonging to one of them was missing from its moorings about a mile distant from where they stood. As it was the only craft in that particular part it must be the one in which the girl and the bushranger had put off from the coast in. The two men had not heard anything about the outlaws nor the fight on the mount Both had been on their own farms keeping a look out for a possible enemy, and they were greatly relieved when John Edwards told them the real position of affairs regarding the outlaws. He had left them to go to the constables at Barrows's house and neither of them had seen him since, as. in obedience to his request they had taken up watch on the beach until daylight The story about Miss Edwards was quite incomprehensible to them aK^fthey could not understand it. So far no word had reached Falmouth that the girl was missing from her home at Honeysuckle Creek, and from that fact it was clear she could not long have been taken away by the outlaws. Such was in effect the narrative given by the two men, and the owner of the boat supplemented it by saying the little craft which belonged to him was seaworthy enough but—and there was a great deal of meaning in his but—it could nol possibly weather even a light gale on that coast So if the man kept out at sea he and his companion must inevitably be lost. As it would be quite possible to remain on the water for days in the present state of the ocean, the constable decided to take immediate measures to prevent the bushranger landing unless he ran the certainty of capture. There was another small settlement at St. Helens, about ten miles to the north, and Michael Edwards, who knew the distance well, agreed to go along the coast and warn the residents there, who would guard the coast and capture the outlaw if he appeared in that direction. " Keep a close watch seawards and along the beach, Michael. If you catch a glimpse of them it will be best for you to return here and get our help. At any rate get someone to assist and you may possibly have the fellow alive so that we may worm out his story. The path along the cliff is a good one and you should be there in three hours from now. Get Jones, the constable, there to use his best endeavors in having the boat sent down from the end of the point, and if you succeed it would be as well to return this way by water. The fellow may be hiding in some nook where he can't be seen from the top of the cliff. Use your own common sense in the matter, and remember, Michael, this is the time to exercise your mind and body. There will be plenty of time to rest when this trouble is past," spoke Griffin to his friend. The instructions fell in with the views of the partj, for it -was quite possible for the occupants of the boat to pull along towards the north and effect a landing in that direction. The fog on the previous evening and the gathering gloom hid the boat from sight before it was half a mile from the cliff, and it was quite likely Tarleton when he could no longer see the figures on the land would change his course and head for the north as being safer than a southerly run. It was out of the question to believe he would keep due east, as the nearest land he could hope to meet in that route was New Zealand many hundreds of miles away. Without delay Michael Edwards set off and the remainder of the party with the exception of Frederick, who was ordered to remain on the highest part of the cliff and keep watch, descended to the beach and began a close search around the point at which the boat had left the shore. As the constable expected no footmarks were visible at the place, but the tracks that led down the the path all trended south thus showing Tarleton and his companion must have gone straight to the boat and then rowed to the part whence the men had caught sight of it. C J 8 (To BE CONTINUED.^ 