CONGLOMERATIONS. We invited our readers to send for publica- tion Conglomerations embodying the follow- ing words — Name, Nation, Natural, Night, Noble, Novel, subject to the following conditions :— 1\. Any two or more of the words may be used, and in any order. 2. If in prose, the whole number of words must not exceed six times the number of the given words used. 3. If in verse, the number of lines must not exceed twice the number of the given words that are used. We publish the following this week :— Sweet Mary was her Christian name, The joy and pride of all. In music, song, and merry game, In bright and courtly ball. So novel was her regal grace — So noble, winsome, fair. The nation loved her charming face. So natural yet rare. She moves in royal circles still, A very queen of night. Long may her life be free from ill ; All joy and sunshine bright. B. S. S. It was "the noon of night," The stars were shining bright, When lo ! a novel sight " Struck terror to the heart " of one whose name I quite forget. For lo ! a grizzly ghost, Down on the South-East coast. Tall as a flagstaff-post. With eyes of flame, yet natural as life itself, you bet, Cried out, "You are my slave, Your nation may be brave, But now your life I crave, My noble youth, my jolly buck ; how lucky we have met." FREE SELECTOR. The night was fast advancing, A novel sight appeared ; A noble horse was prancing And then aloft he reared. His name they said was Nation Quite natural it seemed That e'er he reached the station, His rider loudly screamed AMATEUR. " What am your name ?" Policeman X demanded. What am your nation ? Where, sir, was you born ?" The night was cold, the traveller had landed At Port Victoria that very morn. He heard the functionary's words with scorn. 'Twas natural that he should feel surprise ; The man in blue had trodden on his corn : The questions were uncalled for and unwise. Yet though a novel 'twas a noble action, When bobby, conscious of the blunder, said — " At first I thought as 'ow you was Dick Jackson, Who from the clutches of the law 'ave fled " INVESTIGATOR. Scott's novel, "The Pirate" by name represents the hero as belonging to the Spanish nation. It was natural that he should love that noble Mertoun that rescued him on the night of the wreck. — CROSS- BOW. 