Now First Publisbed HER FATHER'S IDOL, j A Romantic Sensational Stobt, i by | MRS. BASELEY ("Mignoa"), I Author of " Gilbert Elton's Wife," " The I Earl's Daughter," " The Tragedy at Deepdene," etc., etc. | Copyridbt. CHAPTER XXV. Roy Gunton was ia a brown study. Not altogether an unpleasant one if his j face was to be believed, and that it was | any physiognomist would hare declared. Noble. intellectual, good : it was a face that the most carping or suspicions wonld rely on. He had improved much for tbe better mentally since tbe con- ! vereation he and Maisiehadmntuallyhad concerning the sad tragedy which bad denrived her of her lover. Not because so mnch had been done; but rather becanse tbe hope of effecting it now animated bis brow. The faint chance that Charlie might not be guilty had merged into the .bolder belief that he was not. Still Charlie had not condescended to admit as mnch. He took a very high and mighty tone when he responded to E the summons home; politely declined to I be catechised ; sneered at Horace Bertie I for being a soft fool ; and recommended Roy to tip the wink to the fugitvie that E he was the guilty party. At the same j time he repudiated vehemently all opposition to bis own wedding, and I dared any to attempt intervention. Let who durst throw a single stone against j his reputation, he would challenge I accusation. Consequently his marriage j with Hilda Cranford had taken place | with great eclat. Certainly Roy bad not I graced it. He could not well have been there bad he wished; no invitation was accorded him ; but Maisie, brilliant and I handsome, no fear nor doubt in her I haughty carriage, had received as much I homage as the noblest gaest. Snspect I Charlie ! she would as soon suspect I herself. She knew who was guilty, and I before she had done she meant to bring I the charge home to the right party. I Meanwnne wings were working rorwara I in the right direction. She had been on I a visit to Briarwood, the Baroness Grey I de Lucerne's — once the Hon. Mrs. I Bertie's — borne. They had become great I friends, and both hoped tremendous I results from poor Horace's next stolen I visit borne. Roy was thorougkly ac- I qnainted with each plan, and it was not 1 on the score of the Gnnton tragedy — as I it had growo to be called — that he eat I in a brown Btudy, Sir Henry entered I and scattered his thoughts — perplexity I on his brow. I ' I think I am going to dismiss I Soames,' he said ; ' can't think what's I come to the fellow lately. He's been I dazed or stupid for some time now. Fact | is, as I've just told him, if his gun had I shot poor Treveryan he coold not have I been mare altered by the event. By George, that attack ronsed him, till — till, I well, till be behaved more like a lunatic I than a sane person. He talked niaeteeu to the dozen, and said something about I look at home. What did bis insolence I mean ? Does be dare to imply that I — I I was Treveryan's murderer P I Sir Henry spoke rapidly, but Roy was I up before half his father's sentence wbb I uttered. 'Of all the big, blundering sillies V he I exclaimed, impetuously. I ' Roy 1' said the Baronet in amaze- R meet. 'It is true, father. I have been a I great, blundering stupid. I can't think I how it has been I have overlooked I Soames, and bis— — 1 How I forgot I him. Where is he? I'll go to faim. I First let me tell you that I'm expecting I a friend here from Bingley by the 11-22, I Langley Bruce, the new Q.C. I was I pondering about hie arrival and Maisie I Sir Henry's face afforded food for a j I study. Had Roy spoken to him in j I Greek he could not have looked more j I perplexed. I ' What the dickens are yon talking I about P he bluetered. I I There was no answer. Boy had gone. I ' What the dickeos ha ve I to do with K his friend coming, or Maisie either, for j I the matter of that. Ten more or less j I make little odds here. Besides what has I So&mes;'s stupidity or insolence to do | I with his forgetfulness ? I consider Roy I I has treated my confidence cavalierly and I I with scant courtesy. Hang it 1 I'll be J I master as long as I live even if I am I growing old. I I Soames, in equal perturbation, was I I standing idly in the spinney, grinding j I his heel in the gronnd when Roy found I him. ' I Bhall hev to go, Mr. Roy ?' he I exclaimed, bitterly ; ' and its all along | I o' that ere cussed shooting do. Yon I telled me to hold my tongue, and its I mazed me like. Sir Henry he've bin I anerv at mv silence many a time, but I I hep it up till to day, and now ' I I ' My pour Soames,' interrupted Roy, j I pityingly. ' I blame myself much that I I forgot your share iu that hideous secret whlcn I once asked you to keep, I but which-there is no necwdto I -firmly believe for you to guard any longer.1 I ' Ah, sir, so you've released me at last — now that it's all too late ; X shall I he my own master, and could hev taken ny choice whether to be silent or speak. ny, jut. ivoy, did yon- not gl my tong i I freedom when Miss Milly married P - j B Miss Milly !' exclaimed Roy, per- j B plexed in his turn. I don't see what B her marriage had to do with it. But you B can speak now, my poor iellow,and still B remain with ue. Fil make that right B with your master. j B ' Why, sir !' burst from Soames; who B dan yos think shot Mr Treveryan ? B Worn'i Miss Milly in love with him: B then? What did you mean or I think | about hiding, the dreadful family dia- B grace if you weren't expectipghim to be 1 B yourbrotber. Whyarterall believes you B and I, Hir, suspect different persons 1' I B The man mbbsdhis hand across his brow, as to-try andchtertoecOnfqgtoA I Id his brain. Roy stared at himin dnmb" surprise. ; ' You see, sir, When X heeratell od I Miss Milly'e engogeDienttotheMajor, B see I to meseL Mr..Roy . won't bst her hev Mr. Boyd-wdit'ejriot— — ' MrRoyd r'frarstfroniRoy, loudly. Why, I supposed you believed my brother gull— — ' 'The Lord forgive you, sir,' inter rupted Soames, fervently. ' Ah, then that explains it elL I did tbink yon a bit funny with him tbat day in the study a'cos arter all, Mr. Roy, be wur only doio' what you and me wur a tryiu', to shield of bis friend and Miss Milly'e sweetheatt. Sea I to mesel, Mr. Roy's brain ber got tooched with the trouble. Not, sir, as I' wur a good .on to . think aught o anybody. "My wife'll "tell you I've bin but a poor addle-beaded dummy ever sin. You Bee. air. I've never done much more than say yes or no sin you cautioned me. I dare na trust mesel, i and that's what's angered Sir Henry. He kicked me, Mr. Roy just now he did, sir, for sure, and be cslled me a borfol name. And only to. think as you could have suspected Mr. Charles 1' Already Roy was taking blame to himself. 'He had too readily believed. Milly'e frenzied view of the case. Besides if he had acted honourably and not impressed silence on the man before him— before he -bad actually heard his oeeonnf Vinnr mnnh miuortr mtalif not -have been spared them ? .How, Indeed, had he ever believed his own brother could be guilty of such cowardly, dastardly conduct, as to not only kill, but to brazen it off and let another suffer for his offences ? That was his wonder now, and had been for some months past. But never had it been brought so plainly home to bint as by Soames'a respectful reproaches. ' Yes, Soames,' he said, ' Miss Maisie called me to account as you have done as to my unjust suspicion of my brother. It seems wonderful how I could have been imposed apon; yet if you will carry your thoughts back to the day when we had our interview, your words equally deceived me. X see now how you implicated Mr. Boyd with 4 our family,' wrongly so quite. Mrs. Metcalfe had never one thought that way.' 4 Well, I seed him tiyin' to kiss her one day, onyway, sir. Roy looked surprised, but he had no thought to spare for that part of the business. Mark's ' tryiog ' to kiss any one was no proof that there was love between them, and tbat Milly'e affections had been bestowed elsewhere he well knew. Sosrnes, yon speak positively as to Mr. Boyd bring the guilty person. Are you quite sure that you are not mis taken f 'Sir, I wish I could be. X seed it all too plain, and I've never had a 'appy moment sin. Maoy's the time, spesbly sin Miss Milly'e marriage, as I've thowt o' cumming and axing you if my tong might not have its freedom. I could not see, sir, beggin' your pardin, why you wanted to let Mr. Boyd off at poor Mr. Bertie's — £ should say Lord Lane's expense !' ' I have been careless In your welfare;' admitted Roy, ruefully, ' You see, Mr. Roy, Fve a Bister as is upper housemaid at Briarwood,and Fve heerd from her of the lonely life of her ladyship, his mother, and of what bis joor lordship's sufferings must hev fain, instead of beiu' grand he've got to work like me for bis living, and he's no more guilty nor you nor me, sir !' ' You have not told me jet, Soames, how it is you are so sure tbat Mr. Boyd's gun killed poor Mr. Treveryan.' ' "Wby, sir, I seed bim. With these own eyes o' mine. I corned through the underwood and seed him stoopin' and takiu' deliberate aim. Ses I to mesel, Mr. Boyd is deytermined not to lose his bird, and the thowt had barely entered mi heed when I seed poor Mr. Treveryan fly up into the air a ecreechin'. Mr. Boyd turned and moigtat a seen me but bis eyes — and, oh, my, they had a faorfrd wicked light iu 'em — was lifted to -fats gun, and ' 'Soames, why did you not seize him then V ' X can't tell what corned ever me, dr. It war like na if a -panic seized me. I I Sew in tbe other direction. 1 don't think as I feared poor Mr. Treveryan I was deed. Then there war Miss Milly'e ! I sirtilflnns «Mnw AlimiHCVl g»tllj — BVIUOUViO out wmiB—w) j ' We were nil to blame,' interposed Roy. ' What a series of mistakes we have made. However, it is never too j late to remedy them. You will swear I to ail you have told me f j I ' Gladly, sir. Fll swear to - anythink so long as I may speak ontagen without fear o' doin'mischtef, and you'll make it 1 tight wi'Sir -Henry a' cos, barrin' the 1 heviug to keep . silence, this ia a good nlaee. I'd be lone sorrv to no if ' Roy nodded. j I will make that all right, but what pozzies me, soames, Is ' j Roy, -you here 1' - J Boy turned as guiltily as if caught in j a wrong tel. Tt was his 'sister who had ! spoken; 'She was ' bowing -haughtily in response to Soames's touch ot Tas-fcap.j I She was accompanied by a little, iair ! doll- faced creature — Flora Spiers— j scarcely the style one would have Sntj£: posed Roy would have selected for his wife. Yet so it "was. He worshipped the ground jehe trod on. His pyes:; brightened ecstatically at eight bfher I f though shVwaa uoTKine much toTook' at) ; his face told its ojrn tale of adorn- j tion. The engagement was in abeyance, .had been broke off in fact; but an invitation which Flora bad recently I received to Coxmoor had elevated her 1 | faopee ' considerably. Notwithstanding j this Roy had not renewed his offer, and ! she to teaze bim — Rqy trusted she had j only done it with that object— bad been keeping on a warm flirtation with Mr. j Dan Gregory, a gentleman on tbe eve of marriage. . I ' Yoncau go, Soames; I will speak to Sir Henry,' said Boy, taking ids place j between the two ladies. ' - I 4 We waht you for golf, Roy,' said Floral coquettbhly. Where is Mr.GregoryF be queried, mischievously. ... There -was ' something inRoy's ex- |-ppati0B that sent Flora's heart beating l-hopefully. He-had not looked so merry J for months, I ...'HeJuihe&'jheMptodjJJmlJrsJ: want you.' >- Hestopped and whispered passionately I inbersar,'-';Vii 1 ' You mart spite ;me a little longer, sling. W« are-nn thn eve of a great Jdiacovay.might'etobeeotejoiced. jBnfchowcan I hrip Jt,wiyFio', if it j ipvmmenag«ri'ySii!y y V : j a«tfniaers|j»»jiA>W j speaking aloud. 4 Don't -"stand still, ! dearest, because you clothing does not strike me as warm enough, end I wonld not have yon take cold for tbe world.' ' Whatever made you give vent to such a gauche speech, Ray P. demanded Maisie of her brother, ae soon as they were alone. 'Nothing could possibly have wounded Flora more. She is not half clad, poor thing. It takes her all her time to dress at all for us fashionable i people ; let alone warmth hr Variety.' j It was a "new lesson for Roy "tb'learn. j He stared and as be did so tears of mffpff thai; his ohnulrl hfi mIIpiI upon to experience such mortification and Self-denial, dimmed his eyes. It was but momentarily. ' I will eoon alter all tbat!' be said, with energy. ' Please God, before long she will koow what it is to attire herself In costly furs like yours, Maisie.' 4 So that'sAt again, Ab itP said Maisie, tossing her head. 'Maisie!' burst in Roy, agitatedly; 'your view of poor Treveryan'a tragedy is I firmly believe going to turn out as yoa always averred it <w£ald, the correct rate finamne tnem ell alntirr Ma hoc just been telling me he saw ' Maisis's mbbd suddenly changedfrom supercilious banter to tbe highest rate of excitement. ' Soames saw, and why did be not epeakP she exclaimed, peremptorily. 4 He deserves hanging for his silence ; and glad as I am that be has seen fit to i divulge at last, after all this delay, I shall be the first to condemn him for not speaking. - What did faeeee ? Quick, Roy, I am consumed with impatience 1' 4 He saw Mark Boyd, he declares, deliberately take aim and shoot your lover. Charlie, therefore, waB but shielding bim after all.' ' I told you 1 I told you !' cried Maisie, imperiously. ' Milly misunder stood their two attitudes. Charlie's emotion was caused at discovering his friend's treachery, and not at his own guilt. What are yon going to do now t Issue a warrant immediately for Mr. Boyd's arrest f I will go and see him hanged !' ' I — I think I shall start immediately for Briarwood,' announced Roy, with deliberation. I know what Sir Henry will urge — our guests here; and their claim on my time.' 1 As if anything could interfere with bringing George's murderer to light Get him arrested, Roy, I shall not rest till then 1' 4 Dear Maisie,' observed Roy, tenderly; don't allow your perhaps but natural instincts for revenge to clond your good ness of heart Mark Boyd shell be brought to judgment,' 'Oh! I thought perhaps you were going to advocate forgiveness — Bilence !' sneered Maisie. She was panting with emotion. _ Not so, my dear sister. Right is right all the world over. Horace Bertie's banishment has been long and cruel, and whoever can release him from it has a distinct duty in that direction. But for his wrong I — I might like Charles have retained a Silent tongue. Vengeance is mine,' saith a higher authority thttroar&,&?)d as no disclosure coold have brought back Treveryan, I ehoald have found no deliberate pleasure to reducing him to tbe gallows.' 4 Oh, but I should !' declared Maisie, -with a baneful light in ber eyes. ' I would punish everybody — Charlie, Soames, you — who bas delayed bringing -him to justice. You propose to start at once for Briarwood ?' 'I do, to consult with Horace's mother. Poor, bereaved, afflicted creature ; my news will be-like halm of Gileadto her. I will tell yon more on my return. -Come along, Maisie.' They soon overtook Flora Spiers, who looked interrogatively Into -both their agitated faces. B>y drewhiaarmthrongh here. 'X am.jast starting onalittle journey, Flo',' he-said. 4 You - will promise to remain until my return.' 'But need— you:go P -she asked, with quivering lips. | ' Should X: leave "the sunshine and I fianninoga mtimthvilc Afhi davtnnH shadow T he asked "her ifdgnificahtiy, as he pressed her arm. "No, darling, 1 am obliged to go ; but .-if my journey prospers it will be to eventually- bring i us together, and never . to separate us 1 snore.' I 'I Will— promise— to stay,', she whispered, timidly. - ' Maisie". said Roy, turning to her; \--make my-adieux temporarily for me. Gb. bv tile wav. there is-an exceedingly nice young -fellow coming' the last new V32 . man wb«o nomeualiy speedy, just as ipoor -Brown- -rigg'a -has ieemthe -opposite. I daresay he .is with father orby .himself now 1' He paused. ' . Well? exriahnbd Mafeie.Ampatiently. 'twrant you to entertain him.' She 1 raised her eyebrows. ' This morning I was in a brown .study as to how beat save him from your— your, nmph, 'fasrinationsf 4 Y-es/ wid Majsie. no whit moved by i the impKcstiqn. j ' Hels a nice fellow, an uncomonly 1 m(» leflo wnffiirii&ngleyRTOOB; ;bSt he does not strikeone as beiDg too an fait- with society and sham. He is too real, too sincere. A spade is a spade to him, and if made love to be — well he might' lose "his heart and take it an eerleux.' ' In other worde, without beating about tiie bush, yon mean don't flirt with Mr. | Brace,' eatd MaMe, uoblashingly. 'Yoa should caution Flora about that.' | ' O-o-oh !' exclaimed Flora, as if flirt- ing and she were unknown to each outer. -4 Flora Is not-the adept In the art yon are,' Maine. Hers is open, and done for. I a purpose,' said Boy. , Maids iaujghed. . ' Dd get offl' she erid. 4 1 will see j after Mr. Brace's happhx»s wititout bring too charming. I wfll vnake ail sorte of excuses for yon. am im- batient for you to start' - \ 1 4 Be a Rood girl,' responded her j hrother, 4 and remember my hint before J -starting. I.jrasin3Xizown.atudy. as to how bestjtoask you to. apm xangtey Brace's feelings U tills ' toproing, «nd; little thought -then I - should-; be awfiy , andnnabletoguardhlm F t. Be'sbot worffi murit -if guaid XilB ownforilngn,:retorted Mairie, . odtii heir head in the ialr. 4I Ainfc I I shtil ipve Mmiew foBsonk He will | 'Gb, don'4 MaJria,Vpleaded F3ora.s I You knowyou twdlyare-too-hewitoh- chance, have they, Hoy, when she is by f Roy squeezed Flora's hand in reply. He bad noticed a shadow of regret pass over hie sister's face, perhaps at the recollection that-the one Whom -she had herself loved out of all her admirers was lyiDg cold and still in hie grave. ' I'll just see if Bruce has arrived, said Roy. ' £ shall have time before I start.' ' When shall you return V called out Maisie after bim. ' To-morrow evening, probably. Vitir mizrht Jiaoa kisflpri Flor — I1 A hand was over Maisie's mouth, and the sentence wae checked. ' What harm ?' demanded Maiale, wilfully ; 4 a man ought to kiss his sweetheart !' . 1 — :Fm net thatT declared Flora, with a -suspicious quiver in her voice. Oh, youfreTnoi; are not- you 1 cried Maieie, mischievously; 'andyouexpeet me to believe that ? No, Flora' — seizing her friend and "Whirling her round in a wallz — 'I am eo— so'glad!' Something very, very good has happened ; and — And— rth Ifr. l«r ltoffAr>t,iftn .hnnflAndfl nf pounds ! 'Is -Roy glad too?' asked Flora, anxionely. 4Yery glad"; and eo will you be, because soon you will he my sister. I want one since Milly went away, I can tell you !' 'I — should dearly like to — to be a sister to you.' admitted Flora, wistfully. ' I wonder what it all means V ' When yon are Mrs. Roy Gunton,my dear, yonr husband will tell you.' Has Soames aaytbing to do with it —all V 'Soames, oh, he deserves shooting and -his tongue cut out ! declared Maisie, irately. 'He might — ' There she -etepped-Abruptly, causing Flora to morvelrnore-th&ii-sver; at what had happened. CHAPTER XXVI. ' Miss Henstock, the Baroness wishes to see yon in her private room. Did you not nnderstand my previous message !' Nell, for she it was, rose slowly, a tall, 'slim figure, robed in black, stately and apparently self-reliant. Have I offended you, Miss Minchin?' she asked, and there was a tremor in her voice. ' Offended me ! Ob, dear, no,' was the indifferent reply. Tone, more than words, implied that it would take a better person than Nelly to have the honour of causing her offence. ' Because you have been too good to me altogether,' said Nelly, quickly, 'for me to see you — you angry or hurt and not endeavour to remove the cause of -offence. I—' Her arms were nearly round Miss Minchto, when that young lady pulled herself away with a jerk, and said — 4 Once more, must I tell you tbst the Baroness awaits yon in ber private room ! 4 1 am going,' replied Neily ; 4 but, oh. you might let me kiss you as you did when yon first brought me hero, v.- were so kiud sod gentle then. Tell me how I have offended. It has been all unintentional, I assure you.' But Miss Minchin, with her small bead held daintly In the air, moved away, and vouchsafed no reply. Nelly had no choice but to relinquish hope of recon- cilation for the present. The Baroness eat in her arm chair in solitary state. 'Yoa have been long, Miss Henstock,' -she observed, reprovingly. She was a remarkable loofctngperaon, or rather, to speak more correctly, ber attire was so. Had she been less than a Baroness in her own right, ber style of dress might not have struck one as BiDgular, iu tbat it was of a cut and : fashion such asoorgrandmothers affected fifty years ago. There -was the neck erchief crossed on the shoulders, the mob cap with its hoge borders and long wide strings tied in a large bow under -the chin ; a broad band of black like a phylactery — -or, -as Miss Minchin J ireeverently dnfabeatt; mourning plaster | — encircled the; forehead, hiding fully j three parts of it. Whilst over the eyes were gigantic spectacles, thick silver- rimmed. Lidy Mary — as she ' loved to be called — was troubled with weak sight. Sometimes she wore dark blue j giaBBes. It will thus be understood that j but little, of tbe Baroness' face was ex-! posed. Had she been a personage of less exalted rank, or had there -been I ay reason for a disguise, Nelly might have been pardoned -for suspecting it there. There was none. True, a heavy blightbuogovertheBarooessdeLncernes life. She passed it in retirement, o -and j saw very few beyond her home circle,'! and that but on rare occasions. None, in fact; save those connected with the j sad tragedy, tbat had "blighted not only | her own existence hut that of her dearest and only: eon. Briarwood was large, commbdiouB, and a luxuriously 1 furnished boosa in Horace's time .a large establishment bad been kept-i Since thenrthwHaroness faad come into her own trete -una several magmncent i eBtateB. rjt-jjgood was it all to her l-'NonejBlm idiamisssdwost of her retainers, -l:;:pVfairipaHy lived in one smte"of —a | wing compietriy-lmt off from the more gorgeomfflSflisttdaaripsrtof the build ing. , There she ate,'sriapt,und breathed her life away. 'NellyV .heart ached for Bareness. " She bad been six months at: Briarwood, and knew tins one dark strip 4-h«.fr VnHft -nwp.T Mtfurfanhefm' yet. i-deeply as' she uympathlsed with her! employer she scarcely -knew whether ehe j loved m dreaded henroost. .lidy Mary! bad two snoods, one 'rierh; the Other 1 'dependent." Nelly' .--how.-inqw in which «he should <£nd her. lifehe could only always he'te£iheb&the;'Biiwoiftd not have mattered. Nelly could have accustomed herself to either mood. It was Itiie " viKeheisB, the xmbertointy,-! that tried her. -Owing "to-tius «ld nneertaintyi ' to Wprek.- -,-fiometimes she waBOjqpected 1 ho 4L uotetimre Ao "eteiffL"' ®lenfee1 ensuML Niilly , round the room, I It was comparatively small, tod only was UBed asihe nursery, flnaufterjvaras! tiie HBri«to1toofo,ahate;ifuriiltaw re-! mrined tiie burned in-tifoirete; iiaroh euiiriSne wprined : by hBart -rffSiwihari -mpetoaaaflny hpurs oo and off there, but it always seemed' to her as a prison. ' Whose week isit?' asked tbe Baroness at last, in slow, deep tones ; youre or Miss Minchio's P ' Mine, Lady Mary.' ' Then bow comes St that Miss Minchin answered my bell wben last it rang P ' Because I — I was writing a — a letter, Lady Mary, and — -and she came before I was aware.' 'One of my distinct rules is that you and Miss Minchin exchange work and ronf. slfoipnotnlir T frrevid +Via ronnitA. ments too heavy for one, hence my sole reason for employing two companions. If this rule is not observed 1 don't -see why I should not dispense with the services of one. Nelly's 'heart .grew eiok with fear and- suspense. She knew well whose services would be sospensed with. If ehe had not beeo entirely happy at Briarwood — hod not frit at, home there— shrank somewhat from the chains of servitude, she had been honsed and -well fed — paid more than enough to dress well, and was -safe sheltered. All I unvote cfto tuna waftf stnina in Ka . hmsvs wmo ecu rewv few.Mg -v cast on the cold cruel world again 1 ' Another of my rules, proceeded the Baroness, 4 is that no letters are aeut from here. You know this, Miss Hen stock. When Mies Miocbio bronght you back from London with her it was with the distinct uoderstatodtug that you were relation ess. On that point my derision was absolute.' ' So l am, Lady Mary,' declared Nelly, pathetically. ' I am quite alone iu the world, save an aunt, whom I have never seen, and don't know even where she lives. I lost her address once — once -when it wonld have been invaluable. to me ; later on when Z sgain needed Jher help I went to the place Indicated, and — and ahe had left. The letter I sent was but a short business one to Xiangley Brace. I bnt repaid tea pounds he leut me.' ' Langley Bruce 1' echoed the Baroness ; ' the name seems familiar. Bruce 1' Nelly went red -all over her face. She nad spoken incautiously in mention ing names. No one ever desired more than did she to hide all connected with ber disgraceful past. The Baroness's seclusion had rendered her Bightly care less. 'He is a barrister, your ladyship,' 'Ah, that is tbe solution. I have seen bis uame mentioned here,' laying a slender hand with its taper fingers oo a pile of newspapers at her side. Ah, -well 1 then if you only repaid bim a loan borrowed I will overlook this offence. Mind you write no more letters.' ' I will not, indeed I will not 1' pro mised Nelly, earnestly. ' Then there is one more little matter I have to allude to. How iB it you and Miss Minchin have grown mntoally an' agonistic P The colour sped into Nelly's conscious cheeks. Already wounded on the matter, it hurt her sensitive nature keenly to learn that Olive Minchin mnst have complained. I \- autdaiiy ; on, no, Lady Mary !' ! she cried. I——' ' Then it is her fault that you dis agree ?' ' No,' replied Nelly, confusedly, anxious not to throw the blame on one - who had proved so great a benefactor. 4 1 — I tbink the blame most be mine. I — I am so stupid. I vex ber uncon- 1 sciously. But she is so good, so — ' 'TJmph!' interrupted the Baroness, cuitly. 4 1 am not so convinced of that She is strange tempered, variable, un certain in her moods. Bnt she is troe, reliable.' She put the last question sharply — interrogatively. 4 True to the death, your ladyship, as I am X Our sole desire is to aid yoa | in every way, whilst keeping entirely j secret your affaire.' ' Jost eo. And, ah! by the way,' leaning forward and assuming a low, j confidential tone; 'how long did you 1 watch for mv eon last nicht P The Baroness always spoke of Lord Lane ae ' my eon.' 'Till a quarter to three this morning. I ' 1 | She broke down suddenly— a strange thing had happened. There were two doors in the room, one to the landing I outside, the other opening into the Baroness'e room. It had been closed a few moments ago Nell saw it slowly nnpnincr- ' She was nositive no ose was iu ' it. None save 'herself and Miss Minchin had access there save at stated times — they only when they were rang for. The Baroness's rales were strict to the iotens'est degree. The slightest in- fringment meant rinstant dismissal. The entrance to the wing was always locked. It was a fad Of her ladyship's. Perhaps her trouble bad unhinged her mind— i the butler thonght it "had. She was very strange in some of her whims. None did he resent more than' having | his mistress's tray taken from bim at the entrance to the east wing. 4 "Why shonld those two bits of girls— born' vesterdav ' as he erased — have the privilege of a key escb (the Sesame to l the Baroness's presence), whilst he who had been in the Bertie family for half a century be debarred waiting on his mistress himself. In vain Olive Minriiin, | in. her piore. amiable .maoJo, told aim there was nothing there that all the world might hot see. 1 'And all the morereason,' he insisted, | ' that he should not be kept oat. Bat if it were empty, who could have opened that door? Nelly gasped in astonishment. ". . -What Js AhematterEssSahlitock f demaoded-the-Bsreness, sharply. I— IierifrintY - . 'fo tiiri ril ! >Yoo«re!Btandiog3 take NeUvtiid; heaping faereye, however, so strainedon the door that the Baroness jerked her bead iroimd and found it HBesr the 1' jdie vtacaufied"; r.Miss. ! Minchin has been careless and left my bedroom dour-ajar.- She knows how.I bhfesi&iu;&ftri;' i'WsJ»<«WiiiBtl Mis Henstock' : "'Neiljr >did to gladly. ; Hie %«lf to-! peeled opptotitofromfiSK&paMfo; Wto lioffered. iAjri'ifHd jaotjppjatrifgMD,. thnugbistifi iWatoheflit. ,i8y tit® timeher | interview :iwbs; fended, die . -wondered; whethriShehaff tmtTjeen mistaken jut nUto, matter that puzried her for some time afterwards. ' Yon sat np until a quarter to three 1' exclaimed her ladyship, as Nelly re turned and took a seat. ' Ah, you are not strong enough for that. No wonder you feel faint. Iu future yen may re tire by midnight. If my poor unfortun ate outlawed eon does not arrive by then both you and Mies Minriiin may" give np your quest ' ' But, Lady Mary, I ' 4 Not a word ; do as I desire, tbat will suffice. X am aware I bade you watch till the moon disaooeared. but I have been sleepless myself lately.' ' If I might Bhare your watch,' began Nelly, desirous to please. 4 When I requite -you to do eo I wilt issue my commands to that effect, broke iu the Baroness, curtly. There was a pause. Nelly rose, She was waved down again. Ah ! it was coming at last. She had felt sure' ft. would come. Mire Minchin was sure to have repeated her account, ' What was that absurd tale you foolishly gave vent to I' asked .the Baroness, fideettius. 'Are vou subiect to optical delusions,- may I ask T No; no, indeed, -no, Lady Mary,' began Nelly, vehemently. 'I — ' and then she stopped abruptly. Could she be ? There was the matter of the door just now. Had it opened, or could it have been bnt an optical deluaion alone in her to think she had seen it t ' No, Lady Mary. I do not think I am. My eight has never that I am aware of ever deceived me.' Bat what was it that you declared to Mire Minchin yon saw yesterday evening in the gloaming ? It la too absurd to repeat, but did yOu not -solemnly wver that yon came on me io tbe reception room. Besides what business you bad there I fail yet to discover 1' 'Yon sent me, if you recollect, your ladyship, to fetch a letter that Mr.1 Gontoo had left triien you— ' 4 TTes, yes, go on 1 Never mind the letter, proceed !' ' I could not find the letter, and I was anxious not to return without It At last I relinquished my «e<rob, but later on happening to mentionto Mire Minchin that my quest had been unsuccessful ahe told me tbat "she was sure there wae aD envelope on the mantel-shelf. I re turned ; it was nearly dusk then, bnt just as I entered I saw you standing in uue ml me wincows. ' Yon tbooght yon saw me,' corrected the Baroness, with a little annoyed laugh. ' That is what I say must be a 'optical delusion,' because I never left tills wing yesterday.' ' But,' persisted Nelly, earnestly, It was you Lady Mary, 'at least — remem bering herself — ' it-seem exactly you. I was so surprised I stood in amazement and gazed. ' What did my ghost -or doable do I' 4 It was no ghost, because it spoke. I caught " nineteen long months and dead — dead." Then I advanced and said " Ob, Lady Mary, have yon troubled to come yourself ?' With a start and'a muttered exclamation you turned round iand waved me back. " Go, go," you ' You persist in asserting it teas J, .despite my solemn assurance that £ never left this wing yesterday ?' ' I ought to Bay the person I took to be your ladyship.' 'Jnstso; my ghost, it mnst have been. You should have watched the denouuement, Miss Henstock ; Been where the ghost glided.' i ' But you bade me go, and I dared J not disobey. Yonr voice sounded ; sepulchral, but very commanding.' ( 'No doubt; gh-iets generally have sepulchral voices, though I most confess j I did not know they were authoritative. ' After ell you did well to obey.' Nelly thought tbe Baroness was laughing at her. She had anticipated stern reproval She did not know which of the two she could better have endured. 4 Of course, Lady Mary. I shall always obey,' Bbe observed, with dignity ; ' and if it wsb not you it was the very Image of you, and I -could not be ex pected to distinguish,' There was a slight pause. Nelly 1 began to fear she bad exceeded her pre rogative. Her heart beat furiously. ! 4 No, Miss Heustock,8aid -the Baroness, '-of course, as you say, in tiie dusk you could sot be expected to distinguish, ! and to obey me in every respect is your highest duty here. It was not to rebuke you for yonr behaviour -so far that I sent for yon. It is yonr disbelief -and yonr tattling tbat I find fault with.' ' You mean as to my repeating tbe' incident to Miss Minchin,' said Nelly, quietly. 1 That was accidental. When I left tbe reception room I went straight to the east wing, and met Mies Minchin coming from it. ' I have just taken the Baroness's gruel,' she eaid, 'and .it has not sufficient salt in it. She is hard to please.' I starred at her, thinkingshe was malting a paltry excuao'for entering your presence unsummoned, 4You have not seen her dadyahip,' I replied, perhaps indignantly, becanse I have several times thonght she had been deceiving me.' 'Stop! I understood you to say she -was true— reliable 1' ' Qoite so in your interests, your ladyship, -and lam not sure She is not iu mine, bat "various little things have- have not been quite clear, and — onff pazzled me. ' - Buldes St was not her week to take your gruel ; moreover; she carried -do basin in ber hand, and belie- ; ving too tbat it was impossible for her eto have been with 'you, X spoke as I did.: We faad an argument, and I left her vexed. 4 Wril, now, Mire Hetotorit; does not Miss Minchin'a statement corroborate -mine? I swear thatldidnotdescendto. the reception room last evening. She 1b equally prepared 'to swear that :Twss In my room at the very moment you assert I was. downstairs. YSthfer -'Ybn had: an OptictideluBion or youesw-mygjiost. Yon mnst believe one or the Other, Nell. believed neither. Sjbe was. too. firmly bon vinced that tt wa&' her lody- terprefotiggvpf .the .filiple thing imimiti atmaSQ, ofjier %wfoprefereed to keep heroctions vrasin tfae plot.4 > Yon ijjU can endnice ioAhlnk my eompamon hre, ony lright fo he, ifyon do not «ome to | tide ;cmribh,'toid tiie Buaness; iMlntirmAhsqwdtiy. F' 4#bBtW;uM'£ariheat(irelceepall .V A-jSVPii;: S-ftL-L-lJ +2S>. .f, -- euoh 4 Optical delusions ' to yourself till — there was a pause. ' I will; — always Lady Mary.' 'Till tills unhappy mist is cleared away,' continued the Baroness ; 'and my sou becomes free — free! Look oot forhis coming strenuously, faithfully, to-night,' ' 4 1 will— I always do, Lady Mary, "Mire Minriiin brought bim in last time. I Btrain every effort to be equally sue. cemfol.' 'Certainly ; and Miss Henstock, I have had good news — glorious news ! For some" months nist we have been on the right murderer's track. There have been hindrances — delays — but Horace's —my -son's — innocence will be proved and that ignoble Mark Boyd be banned over to tiie cbndemed cell. They nearly caught bim -at — good giacious ! what is the matter ? She has really fainted this" time.' Where Is my smelling bottle ? She is too -delicate, too— sensitive. I would send her amy, only ' Tbe Baroness got up hurriedly, her sentence unfinished. (To be ' continued. J 