Onder the Shadow of Crime fciftJinSTBRY.OF CLEMEHT DONRAYEN, Now First Published. '.V. By' JEAN MIDDLEMASS, ',) ' Author of a "Girl in n Thousand," "Sealed by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," "Touoh and Go," &o;, . : I All Queensland Rights Reseeved. : ; .SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHATTERS. Ghadtebs I. and II.— Sir Louis Dunraven, I. of Aboyna Court, lias two nophows, Clement !'; 'Samnvon'&iid; Piorco Vaughan. The baronot wishes tho former to marry Lady Gortrudo Versohoyle, and makes it n condition of him ' leaving him bis property that ho, should pro- . pose to hor at onoo. Ho consents, but with a ' ooorot sorrow. Fiorce Vaughan, who is in lovo ' with Gertrude, determines that ho will discover the seorot of his cousin, and oooidontally finds & note in the following torms :" Dearest Clem, : --Thanks for your darling note. I will moot ?ou at tho usual plnco on Taesday at dusk— onr over loving Beta." Clement does as his undo desires him, and proposes to rind is acoeptedby Lady Gertrude. Pierce Vaughan hears of tbo engagement with ohagrin. . As ho . is walking to tho grounds trying to cool his fevered brow, he distinctly sees a strange woman leave them, . So suddenly had sho appeared and disappeared that sho seems like a ghost. ; CHAPTER III. — (Continued.) > 'Shall I not send you a nurse, or one t> Lady Maroia's servants would come.' ' Lady Marcia is very good, but I oau do all that is neoessary, thank you, and I want nothing.' The tone was majestic, and the hearer of the message from Brentwells felt him self dismissed. He lifted his hat and turned to walk away, 'There is a note or something lying, there,' he Baid, carelessly, as he did so. " Lieboth blushed crimson. She knew full well, whose note it was, but he did not appear to remark her trouble, he only smiled complacently as he saw her take it up. 'Good taste; by. Jove, Clement has ) good taste in women. Of course, that is . i Seta. JEow lucky to have discovered this Beoret. It may be useful.' The man who had called at the cottage was Tierce Yaugban, and he had recog nised Liebeth as the woman he had seen in Brentwells' Park on the night of the : ball. CHATTER IV. ..." "Where Has She Gone. : . . 'We have mnoh pleasure in announc- . ing that the marriage of Lady Gertrude Versohoyle, only daughter of the Earl of Melbury, and Mr. Clement Dunraven, nephew and heir of Sir Louis Dunraven, is fixed for January 10. The bride is beautiful and charming, the bridegroom handsome aud popular.. The unicn of two of the leading families in the eounty gives the very greatest pleasure to the relations . and friends of the contracting parties. Hot one dissentient voioe has said them nay, and if their wedded life is as thornleBs as has been the path' of roses whioh has attended their love, no pair in the length and breadth of prosperous England is more to he envied. ' The bridal trousseau has been ordered 1 with profuse generosity and the greatest ' taste from some of the loading firms in London and Paris, while local talent has not been entirely left out in the cold. And the jewels, whioh have already been bestowed by Sir Louis and his nephew on the fair fiancee are costly and rare.' \- Suoh was the verbose and pompous paragraph whioh appeared in' the Coles- nill Mercury , about two days before Christmas, and to most of the looal readers the perusal brought a glad feel ing; they loved to think that two young peoplo who had been brought up in thoir v midst Bhould he, on the high road to so muoh happiness. But one or two of those who saw it shivered as they read. Elvira Delane was one of these. Th6 recollection of bow she had likened to a shroud the hall drees Lady Gertrude had worn at Lady Marcia Foljambe's hall, came hack to her with unpleasant vividness, for now as then she had evil forebodings as to how ber friend'b marriago with the mysterious Clement would turn out. She had consented to he a bridesmaid, end gave herself endless trouble about the dresses, still her heart misgave her. . Even as she read tho paragraph elie wondered what Pierce Vaughan thought about it. She often found herself con necting his opiaion with hor own evon when she did not intend to do so, since she had one of those strange . heart- yearnings towards him, whioh olever, charming women not infrequently. have for men who aro not in any way worthy of them. . By ooinoidencc, affinity, Elvira would probably have thought it, Pieroe Vaughan,. though Bomewhat distant, was read ing the paragraph at the very same moment that she was. Ho scarcely smiled on the marriage, any more then did Miss Dolaue, but from a veiy different oause. This projected marriage not only put an end for ever to all chance Pieroe Vaughan once believed himself to have, of becoming his uncle's heir, but he himself bad had aspirations for Lady Gertrude's band, and consequently he regarded Clement in the light of a hated rival. Sir Louis always sent the Coleshill J Mercury to Piorce Vaughan, and he . bad received it as uBunl that inoroing in his Temple Chambers, but as he intendod \- to leavo by an curly train, ia order to go down and spend Christmas at Aboyne Court, he thrust it into his pocket to road en route. As ho did so, his fists clenched aud his brow grew 00 contracted and dark that a solitary old gentleman who was in tho carriage with him had eorious doubts as to his sanity, and contemplated chang ing his scut at the next station. It was Coleshill, however, and Pierco Vaughan himself got out. Ho looked abont. Thore was no trap awaiting him from Aboyno Court. A mistake had been made in tho telegram, and he had not boon expected so early. % 1 Somoono would call for his luggage later in the day, he would leave it m tho cloakroom and walk,' so he told tho .station-master. But he looked so dark 'and angry that the man remarked to a : «ubordiaate-7 ft.!'-! pity them as has mado tho mistake. They'll get it hot. Luoky for us all as Mr. Clement is to have the court, and not this 'ore London soonvler.' Pieroe, however, was not thinking . about tho mistake or the absent trap, hut rather glad on the contrary to find himself alone, and with an hour or two on his hands. The announcement in that newspaper had so roused his jealous ire that he had arrived at a spiteful and desperate reso lution, namely, that if it lay in his power, he would Btop his cousin's marriage with Lady Gertrude. In order to bring this about he came to the conclusion that a visit to the dilapi dated old cottage, where Lady Maroia had sent him two months ago to inquire after Josh Glondinning, might, with diplomacy, be productive of an advan tageous-result. Through the town then he walked briskly, nor paused until he reaohed the cottage in question. In the winter, the place looked even more dilapidated than when ho had been there bofore. : He rang tho bell as he had done on that former occasion, and as had then happoned, again the sound clanged through the house, but no one came. Another vigorous pull produced no better result, and once more Pierce- Yaugban walked round to the book door. This timo, however, it wob shut. He looked through the kitohen window, on the sill of whioh he had found Clement's note. There was no fire or other symptom of habitation, in fact the whole plaoe seemed utterly deserted. He turned back, and as he reached the front gate an elderly woman tersely described by the word ' hag ' was coming in. ' What has become of the Gleudinnings, I cannot make anyone hear ?' said Pierce Yaugban. ' Lor bless yer soul, Josh Glendinning has been dead these six weeks or more. He is in his grave down yonder.' ' And his protty grand-daughter?' The old woman's eyeB twinkled, and she looked at him as if to ask— 'Are you a lover by ohance ? ' Ho shook his head in response to her unspoken words, and then she said— ' She left these yere parts within a fortnight of old Josh's death.' ' And where has she gono ? ' ' That I dunno. It was a sort of mid night flitting- She said as how she was goin' to see an aunt in. London, but no one Baw her go, and she has lef t no address behind. One' day she . -was there and the next she wasn't, that's all we know. But Lisheth. .Glen dinning always was a strange, uncanny sort of girl. The bit of a drab as used to do errands for her sometimes says as she packed up most of the things as was worth anything 'afore she left, hut the doors is all lacked, and ho one can get in to see what she's done with them.' 'Did she go off with a lover, do you think?' 1 Shouldn't think . it,' said the old woman, ' sho was always Btand-off with the hoys in the town. The man has to be created as would please LiBheth's fancy, I thought perhaps a big swell like you now, had done the triok." . ' Not I. I soaroeiy knew her. I had a message from my cousin, Mr. Clement Dunraven.' > ' 'Whatj lie as is going to marry Lady Gertrude Yersohoyle ? "What's a gentle man as is going to make a marriage like that to do with a girl like LiBbeth Glen dinning?' ' That's exaotly it. Under the cir cumstances he cannot come himself, so he was obliged to depute me.' Pieroe Yaugban wa9 disappointed not to find Lisbeth and discover for himself something of the relations whioh existed or had existed between her and Clement. The next beat thing to further discovery was, he considered, to diplomati«ally calumniate Clement and set the Coleshill people talking so that the scandal might at last reaoh tho ears of Lady Gortrudo. 'Every little helps to mako a big hole,' Pierce Vaughan thought, and he was still as resolved , as ever to stop this marriage, if it were possible. Oaly he was beginning to be afraid that he had somewhat overrated tho intrigue between his cousin and this Lisbeth Glendinning. 'If Coleshill town knew naught about it, there couldn't be muoh to know,' he argued, yet the girl's sudden disappear- annce at this juncture was strange. The old woman made do reply to his statement about themessagefrom Clement, of whioh he was the bearer, hut sho looked so bewildered and aghast at the statement that the subtle Yaugban saw that his shaft had struck homo, and that inuendoes about Clement and Lishoth Glendinning would soon be in full cir culation without it being necessary for him to commit himself any further. He naked the old woman a little Btornly what she was doing thore since the house was looked up, and being told that she had , only como for a few, sticks to light her fire, which he did not believe, he pro ceeded in search of a new combination whereby to attain his objeot. He found it in a form for. which he was scarcely prepared, even in a meeting with Clement Dunraven himself, who was smoking . a oigar and wandering in the little wood ia a mood scarcely less dejected than that which had overpowered him on' the day of his proposal to Lady Gertrude. The two oousins were always outwardly on the very best of terms, but they never confided their individual affairs iu the very least, to each other. ' They met now with muoh apparent cordiality. ' Hallo, Clem, voir look as love-eiok as a bird with the pip,' oried Yaugban', who had seen Clement before he himeolf had been recognised. ' And you, Pierce, what are you doing here ? Have you walked from Coleshi'l ? You Londoners are more energetic than one gives you oredit for.' ' It is not my energy ; it is Brook's fault, he never brought tho trap. Bub that does not mattor since it has given me tho opportunity of meoting you. I want to have a chat with you. I have never really had nn opportunity of con gratulating you on your engagement. I bono it really makes you huppy, Clom, though, by Jove, you scarcely look it.' pro de continued to-mobrow. 