: \; -: A UOHDON jGKOSr. STABTLING 8TOET OF AN UNCANNY ;. APPARITION. The gond people oi Brockley and Lewes ham have been in a high Btate ol excite ment over A startling Btor? ot a ghost which bat made its Appearance in a lonely lane leadlngfronvLadywell to Brockley Else, and hundred! of persons have made their way to the spot whero the apparition had been saen. A gentleman who law the ghost, and who related has experiences while sitting In his office in {Londoni . eatd to one o£ the repre sentatives of a city newspaper :' It is now about three weeks ago that I had occasion to pals Wongthe Brbckley Boad onmy way to Wlqkham 'Terrace. It had jmt gone two o'clock' when I set ont from ForeBt Hill, and 1 should Bay it would be half an hour later when I passed the Brockley Jack on my left. I was walking and thinking in an'automatic waywhen 1 was arrested in my progress by a cause 'for which I could not account. Glancing round I saw, for it was not at all dark, that 1 was alone, but to make sure I listened, fearing that I might hare been followed, and that it was a BCDse of approaching. djinger. Turning to resume my way I olwervedj jierhapB fire or six paces from me, the motionless figure of a man on horseback.' 1 was considerably startled, for their presence there wilb not apparent when . I first came to a stand and everything 1 have told you about stopping to glance around did not occupy more than 10 or 15 seconds. Neither man nor beast was in the flush. They were shadowy forms, but so distinctly did they show the man's face under a three cornered bat, hiB leather piBtol pouches, and the panting and sweating horse which seemed to be resting after a severe run, were beyond \- all doubt, and if I had the ability of an artist I coold limn them even now to the life — or rather the spirit. While I looked at the appartton it disappeared, and I never saw it again, nor do I wish to. 1 have nothing to say in explanation of the apparition. Friends to whom I have mentioned the matter in private have started theoriesabout highway men, murders, burials at croBB roads, but I cannot do more than give these simple facts. the north, and my desire is to forget it.' It is only fair to add our informant 16 a man in middle life, apparently well and Btrong, an ex-«tMete, and a total abstainer of long standing. 