Lismore Echoes. f ,;':.:(FBdM oob'-Cobrkspondest.) April 12.— A very good gathering of Lismore people met 'in the hall of the School of Arts to wish farewell to the Key.:- A. Poole. Ajj number of clergy men were on the platform, and the usual complimentary and . regretful speeches were made. ; . Music, both 'vocal and instrumental, was provided, and during the evening a purse of forty-four sovereigns was presented to Mr. Poole. The hall was decorated,~and as pleasant an evening as is compatible with a ' good-bye ' was spent. Mr. Poole pro ceeds to Grenfell, to which town I notice that the Rev. Mr. Williams, of Ballina, has been appointed by the Wesleyan Conference.1 , The question of amalgamating the Casino and Lismore shows was discussed at the lost committee: meeting, and a couple of delegates appointed to confer .with Casino representatives. I do not know what is understood by 'amalga- mation,' but I think ' alternation' with the Casino folks would be the proper thing; this would extinguish neither. It is not likely that with two old estab lished societies either will care to be absorbed by the other. ? . '? Mr. E. Coleman, one^of the V.P's.-, and a most active ? arfdj indefatigable worker has resigned his office in the local Agricultural Society. 'It will not be easy to find as ,« conscientious and painstaking a man to fill his place. The president, vice-president, and others paid a deserved tribute to his good qualities. I understand there is every probability of our losing our muclvesteemed C.P.S., Mr. Coghlan, who .expects an appoint ment in another district... In his de parture the town of Lismore will lose a very valuable nnd useful citizen. It is said that a lad who was out shooting on Sunday last wounded him self in the arm, and is being treated in the Lismore Hospital. I did not learn the name of the injured person. The report of the Demonstration Com mittee does not look very reassuring, so far as funds are concerned. The appeals to Ballina, Woodburn, Tintenbar, and Byron Bay brought in no financial re sponse worth speaking of. One hundred pounds appears to have been promised so far, but if the messages from the Mayor mean anything, it will take a lot more than that to get up a free carnival for the crowd who are being invited — and where is it to come from ? A new weatherboard place has been erected on the corner of Molesworth and Woodlark streets, close to the bridge. It is said to be intended for an auction mart, and there is to be in con junction with it a livery stable. Messrs. Hindmarsh, Dunn, and J. A. Barrie are, I am informed, the members of the new firm. Possibly the new premises may secure a good share of trf de, but hitherto auctioneering has been almost synonymous with — well, living upon one's wits. The latest subject for discussion in our papers is the value! of our own timbers as compared with the imported ones. Of course, after a letter or two, some unpleasant personalities were in troduced, while up to the present I do not recognise the ghost of an original idea upon the subject. That may, how ever, be through my obtuseness. Our local papers begin to bustle with ads. about bazaars, concerts, and other entertainments, so that we 'shall soon have entered upon quite a career of dissipation. 