LOOKING BACKWARD i A Retrospect of VIctorli during' 1893—The Political, Monetary.Soita],Commercial and Industrial Happening^ of the past Year— The Progress of lyinlng, Acricullure. Pastoral Pursuits -aid Manufactures— Chats with the ^preventatives ot Australia'* staple Pursuits — "Ajrlcola" en New Methods if Farming — The "Economist" argues an the Flnancla* Condition^'the Provlne — The Record ol the Morgue. (Copyright—The Federal Associate* of Journalists.) THE year 1893 has undoubedly proved to the pessimist much that his casing soul delights in, for in good truth litlc has obtained towards the improvement a extrication from the slough of despondent and consequent depression with -which it was ushered in Revelations of fraud, chtanery. in rotten commercial and financial institutions have been common, and the ptns of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes lave been pushed along at high-pressure spe.'d in their efforts to record the rotteness of those institutions in which thousands had trurtod. Commercial quid tames ambiguously adv sed,their friends that such-and-such a bank voufd be the next to go, and their prognostications, unfortunately, proved only too true. The " busy haunts of men " were peopled »-i:h victims of the financial crisis, and de'uded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces hurrying along to the banks they were interested in to find the doprs closed. The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, afiairj discussed, depositors and shareholders, in many instances, were bewildered by tie array of figures presented to them either upon printed sheets or delivered ore rolundo. But dissatisfaction was paramount. Accountants 0} . long-standing and Experience were called upon to explain thar viewsof jthe spjation, and chaos almost cune^gSm at leaB so far as mathematical questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly stcused of fraud, arrests followed, preliminary ' fifing, trials tthe latter in some cases bringing the fraduient delinquents to terms of imprisonment), whilst in other instances, the law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it was not until after protracted Police Court proceedings that anything approaching the functions of magisterial ruling was correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be decided by the higher authorities what course justice will take in her endeavours to sheet home fraud and corruption 10 those directly accused. It is still a matter of wonder that many directors immediately conconcerned in the working of the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, direction and responsibility, were they not seized of the •". fact of their individual banks being in an unsound condition, and above the Plimsoll mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scheme o£ re-construction was Haunted in the eyes of the deluded depositors, many ol whom did not know the meaning ol the term so much so that when the banks reopened their doors the ignorant ones stormeo the managers' offices, and implored, with all the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys. Of course their requests were cot acceded to and they withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they were bv no means to blame. There were manv shareholders and favored deDositors who had received large overdrafts and therebv depleted the coffers of capitals which should have remained almost intact to ensure the stability of the several banks they «rere placed in. ID a word, the reckless allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of of the suspension. Sir Fuddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. Diddlem Takedown. Throwsby Dustineycs, Esq., and others of their ilk, appeared in circulars, advertisements, balance-sheets and press reports as chairman and members of the boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons represented by 'the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to them. At last the supply , gave out through the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of commercial indigesiitn was the result. Hatters having reached <a critical point political influence, with the sanction of the Acting- Governor, intervened, and on Sunday, 30th April, a Gortnaad Gazctu was issued, pro- " claiming five days' holiday for the banks with (he view of allayig the public panic. This action on the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, 1 st May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in the history of the Australias. The suspended and re-coustructing banks at this time were the English, Scottish ahd Australian Chartered, The London Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and tnist accounts. The Commercial was to have re-opened but remained closed in obedience to the Government proclamation. Of the six remaining banks of issue, lour, viz., The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, the City and Colonial also acted in accordance with the Government notification and remain closed. The Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, however, apparently opposed die edict and opened transactions in all business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and on die Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank collapsed, followed on the gth by the Bank of Victoria after forty years' business. _ The City Bank put off the imminent day till the 17th, when its doors were dosed, and at the end of January the Federal Bank joined the throng The English press had likewise condemned the action of tie Victorian Government in proclaiming these holidays, and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among all those emmeshed in the financial net. The only allurement held out was a promise to pay in five years'time, when more than probably the only result will be a bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in meiias rts into thechief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronologiial order in the relation of matter from the commencement of 1893. On the 4th of April the Commercial Bank suspended payment, on the I2th the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on the 35th the London Chartered Bank gave vp the ghost - the Standard, which in 1892 had been forced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of Apnl Ol this year; and the following -day saw the suspension the National Bank. Leaving suspended banks to revert to other financial institutions it is refreshing to refiect thai Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the«»fid«i«'° f community. Certainly large bonuses are an allying b^butwhenit is considered that the b«t societies have carefully considered the advantages of an accumulated bonus scheme to policy holders, fair praise must be accorded to them. Premising that death should occur within twenty-five years <>f; date of assurance, if the pnanrams arr p ^ op, the sum assured is in addition returned aid the new pension scheme «n vtew-of the . array of bank suspensions we quoted and dilated upon as a preliminary or preface to Sis retrospect, should absolute y comm^d itself to the consideration of all who wRh secure in the event of evil tune. falling opon them. In short there is no powible assurance bat mutual assurance, and til* best cf mutual aour&nce; is with those companies whose assets are en the spot. The Mutual of Victoria which has evidently profited by the disastrous experiences of fallen financial institutions and bettered the inBlruction by evolving safe And secure mdyanUgea ins 'aU ' smmtuitB. lis nuugmoit is " in tie know," concerning Australian monetary matters fat more go than any foreign Assurance^ Society officera, hence there can be no two opinions concerning the -choice of institution nidi which to transact Life Assurance. This particular society on <t> last ^-nyinyyT distribution of boousee did so from a fund of over £1,000,000, the cash value ef which exceeded £500,000. In the preceding year, 1892, 12,685 new policies were issued for assurances, amounting to £3,791,221, the new annual income from premiomB being £126,014. The lands cow amount to £11,328,448. And passing from Life Assurance to death, which is not an abrupt transition, the opening of the new year was marked by' the decease of the Chief Jut-tice of Victoria, Ml. Geo. Hig&bothua;, »ho had vxpoed on the list day of the old year. In life he had been a consistent and Gil compromising democrat. Be had lived for forty jeans in Victoria, and daring an actin and busy leral, political, and journalistic career, the only reward for public duties performed he looked for was from the people. Be declined knighthood, but he received with undisguised appreciation the-vote of thank* tendered by Parliament for die stupendous task he had performed, that of consolidating the Victorian Statutes.. Be Jfed of h(«rt -disease, brought on bv.ovaanwk, »t the age of 66. According to his exprsss wishes enjoined daring the last ten years of his life h> was to b* buried privately, which act was performed much to the diatppoinlmeot of 1bt -whcAe ccamnnmty, bj- whom he wag revered and loved for his amiability, devotion to duty, and his conscientious adherence to principles he thought just and right. Continuing the obituary record for the year, it may be recorded that On the 17th of January, Dr. Thos. £mbling, Member .legislative Council, departed this life. He had been an early advocate for the Eight Hour movement, the Lands' Transfer Act, and also protective -duties. By 'cable from England it Was learnt that James McCulloch, who had once been a most powerful political factor in Victoria had died on the 31st January, at Ewell, Surrey, in his seventyfourth year* He-was Premier of the colony on four different occasions. In March, Uatthew Lang, ei-m&jor; of Melbourne, who had filled the mayoral chair for three successive yean 'died. E. Steiafeld, ilJL-C, died at Adelaide, S-A-, on Snnday morning, IGth April. In the following month David Itobert Wyllie, member for North Melbourne, in the Legislative Assembly, and Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the heart, supervening an attack of pualysis, at the early age of 36. Wm. Pearcon, M.L.C., for the Eastern Province, died 10th August. The probate duty paid In this estate added largely to the public revenue. The property detailed in the late gentleman's will and liable to the payment of duty, was sworn at £205,613, upon which £20,561 was pud as duty. Furthermore the property comprised in settlements liable to doty, was stated at , £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. The duty paid in all totalled £22,551. Among the real estate was Kilmeny Park, the wellknown sheep station, near Bosedale. James Campbell, Minister of Public Instruction and Commissioner of Customs, died on Saturday, 16th September, of cancer; alter many week's of terrible suffering. The Government offices were closed at noon on the ISth inf-.t. as a token of respect for the deceased. At Bendigo on the same day another veteran Parliamentarian, Bobert Burrowes, M.L.A, passed away. He had been elected altogether eleven tames, and his .Parliamentary experience extended over twenty-seven Tears. On Tuesday, frd October, Bobert E. Wallan, wdl-known in literary and commerosl circles, died on board the s.s. IVairarapn,. at Auckland, K.Z.. of paralysis. Another wellknown and esteemed colonist, the Revd. Plow Kane, whose Victorian career had bein honored and lengthy, died at Brighton, on 11th November. Now once more pass we on to the affaire of the living. In January a successor to the late George Higinijotham was looked about for, and it was thought that^ustice Williams would be offered the appointment. However, the upshot ol the matter was that Mr. ShieU, the then Premier and Attorney-General, together with his colleagues, invited Dr. H&dden; to accept that office, which he did. Parliament alter a chart Christmas vacation re affembled on 10th January, 'with Mr. Shieljs at the head of affaire. The political barometer sit about this tim^wts^poThxtHgTo - aqually weather, and on the 17th, Air. Patterson, the present Premier, tabled a want of confidence motion. On the l£tb, the Shiel'e Government was defeated by lortyfive votes to forty-two, after * debate which was the fhortest on record. On-20th January Mr. Patterson ont of the material placed at his di- posal formed a Ministry which was constituted as follows : — J. B. Patterson, Premier, Chief Secretary and Minister of Bxilways ; G. D. Carter, Treasurer; Eryan O'Loglilen, Attorney-General: Mr. Ua&cs;, Solicitor-General; Mr. M'ColI, iiiuiste r of Mines and Water Supply: llr. U'lutyre, Lands. Air. Campbell, Education *nd Customs; Mr. Webb, Public Works and Agriculture; Mr. li. Beid, Minister for Defences; Mr. A Wynne", Postmaster- General. On the 1st of February, Mr. Patt*r&on; enfolded the fttinis : erial programme at (astumaine, and met with a waim demons'.tation. On the 7th ol February Mt TatX-non wae returned Icr Cast'emaine. Laving been opposed by Mr. Francis Long- <EDK. Air. Jtatteraon scored heavily, the voting majority bong generally about two to one. I'arliament re-assembled on 14th F>brnary. On the 16th a board of enquiry est to try and discover the whereabout* of the missing mace, which bad been mysteriously stolen from the Houses ol Parliament. Their efforts were fruitless, however, and the bauble still remains undiscovered. The board, at any rate, discovered where the mace bad not betn. and a chorus ol "our honor is vindicated," headed by Speaker Bent, arose. Parliament was prorogued on 3rd March by the Administrator of the Government, and re-opened on 2Stb June, when the main features presented were : the Betzenchment ficheme. whereby the permanent expenditure of the province could be reduced £800,000 or £SOO.VOO a year; the policy of additional taxation to bring up the revenue at lea£t of the next year level with that year's expenditure . ft scheme of lAud aud village settlement to provide adequately for the people getting " back to the land," which belongs to them anyhow. The railway revenue for the financial year up to 31th June, 1893, was £2,933,412, and retrenchment caused a saving in the working expenses of .about £300.0><). Ihe Treasurer's Budget Spetch waa read on Wednesday, 19th July, and the method by which he proposed to make his revenue cover expenditure in the balance-sheet was thus:— Estimated expenditure, 1893-94 f.&s.go;! Suiplus on the year ... — /sgG^sB.. In the merry month of Vay, a political crisis arose out of the Mercantile Bank prosecutions Mr. Isaacs, the folic!tqr-General, disagreed with Bi y&n; O'Loghlen'B verdict, as Attorney- General, iritb. regard to a nolle prosequi. The upshot was that Mr. Isaacs retired from the Cabinet. later on he went before his constituents at Beechworth, who received him nidi acclamation, and he was returned unopposed to his •eai'fn the Bouse. It must not be foijjotten during the month on January Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, duirmanof $he ^Metropolitan Board ot Lud and Works and itim-rant -wroemakir, returned from X>undon. whither he had voyaged to float a loan of £2,000,000. February 1st Mr. James Munro, the late Agent-General for the colony, and a leading teetotaller and coffe palace promoter, filed, ,hla; sbedule, showing a defiaency of £50,165. Further retrenchment was started -in the Public Service during this month. On 9th March, &e;'.Anglo- Aiis)ialian.Bank Criminals were founlgn3ty«ad sentenced to various terms of Imprisonment. In this month also the MefcintUe Bank proeeculiost began, and after protracted hearings at the lower courts, Matthew Davies and rVederick Stillidge were cotumitted for trial for conspiracy on Friday, 12th May. On the 27th inet. Matthew and Mrs. Davies sailed by the Geiman mail steamer Salter for Colombo, bat eventually he returned to the province in company with Detective Whitney, who had been aent on his tracks. On the 29th of the same m'-nth application for a Grand Jury was made and adjourned 11 was reviewed on the 3Cth and granted. Subsequently a true bill was found Dy the grand jury against the two acrased. but when in August the proceedings were called on in the higher court, the accused Were discharged, and the presentment quashed On the grounds fhsitai^&lien; constitute J one of the grand jury, and as each was ine i-ibleas a juror. Proceedings were commenced it tiot'C in fipite of legal blockadei*, and the accused were onoe more .committed for trial, which if all goes well will come on this year. The sweating evil was brought under the notice of the Premier by a large deputation under the auspices <of the Piotection and liberal Federal 'League who waited on that gentleman on ISth April. Their minion was to biing oiidvt- his Notice" , the existence of the above-named evil in factories. So far as the clothing trade is concerned this evil is to a eeitain extent brought about by the restrictions of tte Factories' Act, which under one of its conditions provides for 550 cubic feet of space in each factory or workshop. IhiBhsa proved ruinous to small employers, and the consequence is that Jew sweaters who employ iuiopen labor, r.ceive the work from tbe limited tradesmen. The majority of mastec tailfns have 210W only am»U looxfta" for they argue that they «annot or will* not comply with the Act. The wgiEtratian. fee Is eared for one thing, and further, those whom the trade dub ** in quid tire Inspectors" are eluded. Then the masters do not cue about taking on apprentices of either sex as a doctor's certificate is required as to their pbysidsl condition. The latter requirement also acts as a barrier to a poor man with several children whom he may be desirous of apprenticing, for each certificate costs half-acrown. 3hesum. may eeem small, but it i> required for actual necessaries, 'lie inspectors aie -not . stringent enough in their action towards employers - in the matter of an allowance of a permit for overtime. This causes overcrowding in the workrooms at busy times. If the inspector does find fault then the employer discharges several hands and gives out the work to sweaters, and bo the Slate unwittingly aids and abets the evil. Not long ago in one large leading firm the preaem were offered the privilege of working piecework for one busy week. Twenty per cent, was to be taken off their wages for this privilege, but the men didn't see it, for they found they could .. only have worked their usual quantum had they been on their weekly wage. It maybe asked why the employers demanded the 20 per cent, concession. The answer is that the manager of the making* up" department received a bonus, and pocket the sum be bled the workers of. But throughout tbe -clothing trade business been dull, and the houses in Flinders- lane have received a notification from home that the credit system will in fatnie be limited to four months only- Hence the warehousemen will have to take less credit and give less to customera. Under these circumstances sweating is rampant. The shoddy importer and the calico jemmy in Victoria is d?omed, anyways and it is to be trusted that his 'doom means the boom in the manufacture of local fabrics, The iron-workers have suffered, but the boot bade has shown- signs of improvement during the latter part of the year. In i693 there were 2,242 factories, and taking the average for the year the number of employes would have fallen to nearly 40,000. In 1892 the figures were 2,143 factories employing 40,319 at an estimate. 