QUEENSLAND KING NOTES. [Special to the 'Referee.''] Tho Goddard-Laing contest created a deal of excitement iu Quconslund, more, especially about tho metropolis, whom Hurry Laing wan . ' well-known. Tlio majority of our boxing men ?would litivo nothing but Goddard. Nothing but Goddard would go down. You were laughed at if you dnrod to insinuate that Xaing had a ghost of a chunco. It you hinted, kbovo a whisper that Luing might lluko in, it was reckoned that vou wero uoinir.V bnlinv.' bat withal Harry hud ono or two staunch kdhoronts, your humblo servant amongst thorn. I wus perfectly Batisfiod that Luing conld and would light, and, in Rpitfc of his professional detractors, never lost faith in him. But still linnor in his allogianco has , boon Harry S'igg, who always niuiiitaiiiod, through thick nmt thin, that Goddard would liavo to fight thu hardest light of his lifo to beat tlio Mnorihuidor. Harry is a rare jndgo of tho game, ami ill ways uvorrod that Laing was tlio best b,jg man in Australia, and if any uu could wipo Goddard .-, ? cot thu Now Zcalandcr wan thu man. .iioforo tlio fight ocoiirrud, in fact as soon as tlioy woro matched, i'igg reckouo-l that if Laing could keep Goddard at bay for three rounds bo would then go iu and givo the Harriet- man the most unhoalthy time ho over bad ; and ths roBult of tbo light indicates that lux ; arguments wore not faulty. Ho and a few moro wou a utako ovur tho battle No one is moro ploasnd than I am at tlio result, as I nlways found Harry n, straight-going, out gpokon man, and a credit to bis profession. A man who took good earn nf hiniHolf, and iruiiiuu uuru iu uu junticj 10 iiik uuciiorrt. ill loot if eomo of our ' boxers' took a loaf out of liis book thoy would not bo rusticating- ia Queomdnnd ; for wo have koiiio clover uion ' ' literally going to wasto hum, who, if thoy , chosu to liven tip, could bo making a decont thing out of it instead of picking up an odd ? saltry puruo. Andy Dawson, tho middle-weight, who camo over hero with Harry Laiug from Now '/ea / , land, and who ban only had a fow paltry mutches lioro, tho wholoof which howon, wont to Townsvillo to box Hollonian thoro on Jioiiug Night, at Starlight's Hall. Ho boat Heffornan in a round and a ball', knocking him about badly, so 1 hoar. Duwson 1ms an awkward left-hand, which ho mudo good uso of. lioforo goiug to Townavillo ho took gnod caro of him self, and fought a good light there. Tho con test wita for a purpo of 25 hovp. DawsoiiBayB lie is not at a'l satisfied with tbo treatment ho received at thu Hall, and ia anxious to havo a cut at tbo dusky proprietor. Duwkoii in nt pronont in Brisbane, but Bays if they will guarantoo his expanses ho will go to Towns villo and havo a out at Starlight for a ' belly . ful,' but will not fight iu any hall under the . dark gentleman's jurisdiction. Thero is a chanoo for some cntorprising speculator, as : Starlight, if ho valuex his reputation, -will havo to light ' Andy,' and how would such a fight : draw in that town. 