THE STORYTELLER Highland Cousins. A NOVEL. Br William Black. Author of ' A Princess of Thule,' Macleod of Dare,' etc., &u.; (COPVEIGHT.) Chaptee XLIII.— A BREAKING AND EN TERING. But Long Lauchie was obdurate. He refused to listen to these dark and insidious hints ; he forgot all about old alliances and adventures : nay, from the lofty heights of his new-fount virtue, he sternly admonished this gangrel youth. ' What are you growing up to ?' said he. ' It's the gallows will be the end of you ; I'm sure of 1 hat. j\o lessons liKe any otner lad ; no apprenticeship to any decent trade ; hiding and jinking about the country like a gipsy.'' ' If' we could get the black-haired lass out of gaol,' said Niall, with his eyes burning eagerly, ' and Bent away by the steamer to-morrow morning, it's Mrs. Maclean and Jessie Maclean would be fine and glad of that. But it would need a great deal of thick twine — a fearful lot— and rosin ? ' ' Away now ! ' said Lauchlan, scowling. ' I'll have nothing more to do wi' you and your tricks. I tell ye, it's the gallows will end you, son of the devil that you are ! ' Well, Niall was in nowise cast down ; his dis cursive wits were nimble, and had already contem plated many alternatives ; he would manage to get cord and twine somehow. And in the meantime he drew away from those straggling groups of people ; he left the town by the Soroca-road ; and at last, when he had got up on the summit he clambered over a wire fence and entered a plantation of young larch and fir. Amongst the thick undergrowth he searched for and found a worn and tattered game bag that he had hidden there on the previous day ; and with this in his hand he crept still further into the twilight of the wood, and disappeared. It was a long while ere he returned 1o the fence; and the first objects that caught his sight were three children returning from school — an elder girl of 13 or so, and two younger ones. As they came up, he stepped out into the roadway. ' Daftie !— daftie ! ' called one of the small imps, and ran away laughing ; while the other one, half giggling and half -frightened, as quickly ran after her. This behaviour on the part of her charges seemed greatly to shame and annoy the elder girl, who was a quiet, wise-like little woman of fair com plexion and timid, large blue eyes. 41 You've been at the school ?' said Niall to her. ' Yes,' said Bhe, still blushing hotly over the mis conduct of her companions. ' Mebbe you can write ?' 'Yes.' 'ThatVa strange thing now,' continued Niall ; ' a wonderful strange thing, that you can put words down on paper, and tek them away, and they are as good as a message to any one. Will ye show me now ?— will ye show me how ye do it? See, here's a piece of paper, and mebbe you've a pencil ; let me see you write what I will tell you, and when I get to Daatroone I will be asking them if thev can read it.' J Perhaps the small lass felt that she owed him some little piece of civility ; at all events, she brought out her pencil and wrote for him th« words he dictated, which were these : 'If you can use the file, by the window or the door, and get into the yard, you will find a rope banging over the wall.' ' But that is silliness,' said she. ' No one will understand that.' ' Aw, it will do very well,' said Niall, in an off-hand fashion. ' I am sure I am wishiDg I could write myself.'' And with that he folded up the bit of paper, and put it in his pocket, leaving the small maiden to continue on her way and overtake her companions, whom she probably slapped well for their impudence. Null's next encounter was with Lucais fiar shuileach— that is to fay, -io3s-eyed Luke— the keeper, who was coming along with a brace of setters at his heels. 'What's in ycur bag, Niall?' he called out. ' After the young black game, you scoundrel ?' ' Oh, no, Mr. Innes, I would not do that ; there's nothing but sticks ! ' said Niall ; and, of his own accord ; he opened the large and ragged bag. But the keeper was not suspicious. Niall was an old acquaintance and dependent of his, receiving from him many an odd job in the shooting season ; for, among all the youths and lads about, there was none so indefatigable in beating through the woods as Niall Gorach. And on this occasion Niall had not lied ; the bag was really half-filled with sticks ; the only thing was, that if Lucais fiar-shuileach had been a little more particular in his examination he would have perceived that these pieces of wood were carefully cut about the same length, and that each had a notch incised at the middle. The squint-eyed keeper resumed his march, carelessly whistling the praises of the Lass of Loch Etive ; while Niall, shouldering his bag again, proceeded down the hill, until he neared the swampy morass lying at the back of the town. Now all round this neighbourhood there is a wide tract of land chiefly given over to the goods depart ment of the railway, detached wooden sheds, sidings for trucks, and the like occupying the loose space in a kind of promiscuous manner ; while generally there are one or two of the clerks or porters coming or going, because of the short-cut to the next plat form. Accordingly, Niall Gorach made his way across this outlying suburb without attracting any particular attention ; nor did any spyiDg gaze follow him as he drew nearer and nearer to the wall sur rounding the exercise-yard of the police prison. Arrived there, hiB movements were rapid ; for he ae once proceeded to get the sticks out of the bap, placing them in little handfuls along the base of the wall, where they were effectually screened from view by the rough herbage— docks, sorrels, ragwort, and so forth— that grew luxuriantly about. Curiously enough, in this place of coverture there was also a long row of stones of considerable size that had apparently been carefully secreted there ; indeed, if these stones had been sufficiently dark to resemble coal, any inquisitive passer-by might very warrant ably have imagined that this youth was bent on some daft project of setting the whole of the police - buildings on fire. However, Niall, having deposited these pieces of wood behind the tall weeds, slung his bag over his shoulder and, with an apparently vacuous look on his face, set out for the back street in Duntro..ne that afforded him a small den of a lodging. He had first of all to get some scrap of food, and then to wait for the night. But it was a long waiting at this time of the year. The evening and the sunset came together— a fiery sunset that burned fierce and wild behind the Mull and Morven hills ; then that was succeeded by a clear and lambent after-glow, in which the plum - hued mountains became dark and vaporous; 10 o clock arrived, and the heavens and the sea had grown to be of a pale, ethereal lilac ; nevertheless, far away on the still plain, here and there a small jet-black speck of a boat showed no sign of returning. Niall was down on the beach now, talking to Angus M'Isaac ; both of them, with more or less of resigna tion, regarding one of those distant dots. From the trees below the ancient castle came the sharp, harsh cry of the tawny owl ; aud along the higher woods in the east sounded a more protracted and softer too-hoo-hoo-hoo ! a strange and unearthly call, that found an answer somewhere in the gathering twilight. The Maiden Island was of a keen and sharp-cut ebony against the slow fluctuating and visionary mists lying about Lismore. A three quarters moon had come up and over the Sound of Kerrara, and underneath was a long and vivid path way of golden flame, narrowing and widening here aud there, until it seemed to lose itself in a sprinkled radiance among the spars and rigging of the small cutters moored c'.ose by. And at last, through the magical silence, came the first muffled sound of oars. Nor yet did Niall leave his companion, not until the smooth-gliding boat had finally been 1 rought in and hauled up on the beach. Then Angus M'Isaac, his day's work over, briefly said gcod-night, and went away home to his supper ; while Niall, now deeming himself secure, made straight off for the wooden house m which M'Isaac kept his dismantled craft and also his store of ship-chandlery. This long, low shanty was erected on a piece of waste ground immediately behind the Great Western Hotel ; so that, when Niall reached it, it was obscure and almost invisible in the gloom thrown by the greater building. The half-witted lad's movements had clearly been premeditated. From a hidden corner he picked up his game-bag ; by means of the fence belonging to the hotel, he easily' clambered on to the boathouse ; the window in the roof had been left open for ventilation, and he still further opened it ; he shoved his legs and body through, and swung himself down inside ; from tbe bag he took out and lit a dark lantern ; and now he found himself in this place of strange forms and vague shadows, with its all-pervading odour of paint and tar. Then, aided by the bull's-eye of the lantern, he began his eager explorat'on. It was cordage he was in quest of — by preference, cordage about the thickness of the signal-halyards of a small yacht ; but it was evident that he was not very scrupulous in his harry ings. Cordage new or old— guy- ropes, mizzen-sheets — nothing came amiss ; until, finally, he sat himself down in a sheltered place behind an old boat, and there, by the light of the carefully-shaded lamp, he began to cut all his tackle into equal lengths, firmly tying near the middle of each length two of the notched pieces of stick, with about a foot's width between them. It was an arduous and tedious task, hut Niall was resolute ; and eventually he had both of the large pockets of his game-bag crammed full with those lengths of cord. Thereupon he extinguished the lamp ; he slung the bag over his shoulder ; he mounted on the upturned keel of a boat, and managed to spring cat-like to the joists supporting the roof ; from thence he clambered through the window, slid down, and dropped to the ground below. But bythiB time there was a white moonlight filling all the world ; the esplanade was startlmgly distinct and the silence was so profound that the almost glass-like sf a could be heard murmuring for a great distance round the smooth bays and the rocks. Middle of the night as it was, Niall dared not go along that exposed front, nor risk attracting the attention of some stray policeman by even the most stealthy of footfalls. By a circuitous route he got away to the back of Duntroone ; he followed a winding valley, and climbed up, and passed through the woods of Ardconnel ; and then, cautiously descending again, drew near to the environs of the goods-station. Here, even if he were perceived, he would not be so much remarked ; he would most likely be taken for 6ome official of the line going about his nocturnal duties. Presently, in the same furtive fabhion, he had crept up to the lofty wall surrounding the exerci™- yard oi the police buildings ; and here he was tolerably safe, being in a black shadow cast \\-vthl strong moonlight Forthwith he set to work/ Re got out the lengths of cord, and to the end of each tlG1 ^ueu°f Ae *?* stones hehad Previously con cealed behind the docks and thistles. When he C a number of these engines prepared, he thoueht ht would try one ; so getting to his feet again, he took the stone in his hand and heaved it over the hieh wall. There was but a slight noise as it fell on he ashes on the other side. Then he took the hither enrt of the cord, and began hitching with it a little until he had got one of the pieces of stick on each side of the top of the wall, which, fortunately for him was protected neither by glass, nor spikes, 'nor any sort of chevaux-de- frise. His calculations had been mad with sufficient accuracy. The near end of the cord hanging down, just about touched the weeds. The paramount question was, How mauy of these stones must he needs get over in order (alone with the friction of the pieces of wood at the summit) to withstand his own weight, slight as that might be' But then he had ravaged Angus M'Isaac's boathouse to some purpose ; the abundance of signal-halyards guy-ropes, jib-sheets, and the like, tempted him to make surer and still more sure ; until m the end standing upright, he began to plait and overlan these strands into some rude resemblance of a cable Thereto he was in a measure aided by the sticks at the top ; but anyhow, if the scaling-ladder was of the simplest and most rough- and-ready desciiption it at all events promised to bear his weight. ' He pulled ; nothing gave. He hauled still more determinedly ; everything seemed secure. And then he began to ascend— warily— twisting his feet round the rope— and fending himself off with knee and el bow. At first his progress was easv enough ? but higher up the strain on the intertwisted cords' wan rather bad for his knuckles ; nevertheless, the pieces The watchful old grandmother came sidling up behind the sdioolmaster'B chair, and said in a whisper: 'Check him, sir-cbeek him; or he'll be bringing- on tbe cough again.»-CHAPTER XLIV. of wood helped ; and at length, with one hand on the smooth and conical summit of the wall, he managed to raise himself so that he could peer over into the yard. There was no sign of life anywhere. The open square was of a pallid and silvery grey ; so was the front of ; the one-storied wing, the small barred windows of which revealed the where abouts of the cells ; but the other buildings were in an intense shadow, along which any interloper might creep with comparative impunity. And now Niall Gorach, grown bold, threw a leg over the wall : and took up his position there— with all this white and spectral universe around him, with the solemn peaks of Ben Cruachan, too, rising into the far and clear heavens, beyond the dusky and wooded hills. Perhaps he did not notice that the metallic splendour of the moonlight, touching sea, and cliff, and houseboat, was. already beginning to yield to a more ordinary greyness, especially up towards the east. Niall was busy. For the sake of his own escape, or for the escape of the captive whom he had come to release, he had to reverse the inge nious mechanism by which he had practically gained entrance. He had to unplait the improvised rope : with each strand he hauled up a stone, to be dropped on the outer side of the wall ; and then, when he had roughly reunited the cords on the inner side, and made sure that the outer weight held, he quietly slipped down the cable, and found himself iu the yard But now he could mistake no longer : the new day was near : the cold and penetrating light was gra dually dispersing those sombre shadows. And how was he to tell which of the row of small, barred windows was the one that held imprisoned the black haired girl ? How was he to communicate with her ? How was he to convey to her the file, con cealed in Ihe breast of his jacket, that had round it the pencilled message ? He could pitch the file (Continued on page 1124.) through one of these windows easily enough ; but it might fall into an empty cell. Niall looked back to the twisted cords* ; it might af,ter all.be better to make good Tiis retreat until he should have acquired more accurate information. ? The next moment, in the mystic hush and silence of the grey dawn, there was a sudden rattle and clamour as of twenty parks of artillery simultane ously bursting forth into roar and flame. Niall cowered under the doorway leading to the court house, and remained there, breathless and motion less. Preseutly, after this loud and harsh unbolting of locks and bars, the big, stalwart warder stepped out into the opeu. He was clad only in trousers, shirt, and waistcoat ; he had obviously come fotth to have his morning pipe in the fresh air, and he pro ceeded to strike a match on the clay bowl. The head of the lucifer dropped off and fell at his feet ; with a friendly curse he flung the stem after it ; then he rummaged in his pockets — in vain ; then he turned and went inside again, leaving the ponderous door open. It was Xiall's opportunity— come what might. He darted across tbe yard, and entered: he listened lor the warder's footsteps ; he took the opposite direction, which led him right into the corridor of the cells ; and ' as he now heard some one coming from the other end he dodged into the only comer avail able, which chanced to be the bathroom. Here there was a vast display not only of towels, but also of coloured blankets ; and as these were arranged in shelves, Niall, by throwing himself prone on the floor, and creeping1 underneath, found a hiding-place of admirable security. Moreover, he could see what was going on without. The newcomer who had startled him now made her appearance ; it was the Avarder's wife, a good natured-looking woman ; and it was in a friendly voice that she said, when she lifted the flap of the small aperture in the door of the nearest cell : 'Good morning! — and I hope you slept well. . And I'm sure Miss Jessie will be coming to see you the day.' What the reply was Niall could not hear ; but this was enough for him ; the black-haired lass was there — in the cell close by ; and as soon as the woman was gone, what could hinder his passing in the file, with its written directions ? And if she were but quick-brained and active, surely she could soon get rid of thetrifhng stanchions across the window.? And then the plaited rope awaiting her— and the busy day not yet abroad — the* fair-haired cousin looking for her down at the pier — and the Selma about to sail for the outer isles?— all was going well now, and he had done what he could to . repay the many little kindnesses and friendly looks of Jess Maclean. Alas ! at the very moment of success and triumph he was baffled and captured— and captured most iguominiously. For just as he had stoleu into the corridor and was in the act of raising the leather flap so that he might drop the file into the interior of the cell, the warder's wife chanced to return ; and with out any scream, but witli astonished eyes, she flew forward at this, stranger and seized hold of him, at first by the collar, eventually by the ear. ' You— you young sinner— is it you, Niall Gorach —and how have you come m here ! And what was that you were doing ? . . . Are you there, John-John!' In answer to the summons the bulky warder came sedately along ; and when he saw who this was he seemed inclined to take a humorous view of the case. ' Well, well, you young weasel, you have got in ; but how are you going to pet out ? And how did you get in ? Did you come through the front office ? For if you did, it's there you're going back ; and we will see what the sergeant will be Baying to you. Was you ever hearing of Paul and Silas?' con- - tinued the warder, as he inserted his knuckles under the collar of Niall's jacket. 'Paul and Silas, that had many stripes laid on them, before they were cast into the prison, and had their feet made fast in the Btocks? Was it that you were after? Well, no matter, we'll go and see the sergeant.' So the unhappy Niall was haled away ; and when they had left the building (this time the warder took care not to leave the door open behind him') he was taken across the exercise -yard, and so into the police utation. There was a constable walking up and down ; the ? sergeant' sat at Mb desk reading a news paper ; an old charwoman was on her knees at the front steps, scrubbing the red sandstone. ' What are we to do with this rascal ?.' said the warder, dragging his captive in with him. The reply was unexpected. With a sudden twist and a spring Niall flung himself on to the intervening counter ; the impetus carried him right across the smooth surface ; he lit, not on his head, but on his hands— knocking over the old woman and her pail ; and the next instant he was up on his feet and with the speed of a hare making away for the south end of the harbour and for the crags and bushes under the Gallows Hill. ' . ' Will I run after him ? ' cried the dumbfounded constable to his sergeant. But the sergeant leisurely grinned. ' Run after Niall Gorach ? Ay. And mebbe you would try to catch a squirrel by climbing a tree ? It's the devil will catch him, and no other; and I'm think ing old Beelzebub will hef his hands full when that time comes ! ' Ckaptee XLIV.— ASPHODELS AND GOWANS. When the servant-lass Sarah appeared at the door of Mr. M'Fadyen's office and announced that Miss Jessie Maclean had called and had been shown into the parlour, the councillor betrayed an instant alarm. ' Dod bless my soul ! ' he exclaimed, heedless of - the presence of his clerk. ' Without the least inti mation.! is everything trim, woman ?. Is every thing redd-up and respectable? ' Then he remem bered something, and his vexation broke forth in Vicious terms : ' Ye stupid idjit, how long is it since I was telling ye about the curtains and the sofa cover? How long is it since X. bade ye take them off and send them to Perth, to be,' cleaned ? But no — ao ! ' he continued, as he hastily passed his hands over his topmost and scant locks of hair. ' Never a thing done 1 'All. ye're fit for is to stand glowering ! And what on earth are ye glowering at now? It doesria occur -to ye to whip'' off and bring in some tea ? Ye never heard of - such, a thing as tea, I suppose ? Ye never, saw a teapot, I'll be bound! A great, glowering baggage — a great, glowering, staring, open-mouthed gowk — ' But while the councillor was excitedly and angrily dusting his coat-collar with his silk pocket handkerchief, Sarah the servant-lass had with much equanimity turned away and betaken herself to the kitchen., In her own language she ' never fashed her heid about a daft man.'? . If tea had. to be pfeparecj, hurry was the most likely thing to spoil ity And the parlour was just as tidy as it ordinarily was ; if any one wanted it better, notice should have been sent. But the. town-councillor. was far frpm being wasp ish and trucculent when he passed through 'from his office to the dwelling-house part of the premises.' He welcomed hiB unexpected visitor with quite an excess of courtesy and ga.y gallantry ; until Jess, who was of a simple and straightforward turn of mind, rather put these unnecessary professions aside. ' Mr; M-Fadyen,' said she, -regarding him :with 'r her grey eyes,' ' I want you to tell me .': are you' hiding anything from us? Is the case against Bar- - bara more serious than Mr. ' Grant jand you would , have us bslieve ? Why has he nothing for us but vague assurances that mean nothing at all ? I do not object to your saying little to Allan Hender- . son — poor Allan ! You see he's very childish and perverse in .some ways; he does not understand— and. will not understand ; he has but the one ,niood just 'now— a fuming impatience: that they ? should zhi 80 long in setting Barbara free : and when she is set freerrwelj, then,1*! 'should hot 6e surprised if he took a thick' stickin his hand, and niarched straight down to the haberdasher's shop,. and broke the stick over M; Lemma's Bhoulders. It would be ju3t like Allan — he is that unreasoning and masterful — he thinks that justice should be done somehow ? ' ' Na, na, but not that way ! ' cried the councillor, anxiously- 'We've had enough of cells, and charges, and prosecutions ; I tell ye I never get a glimpse o' the courthouse but a shiver runs down my back. I'll be thankful for the time when we can look on the whole o' this as an old story— half for gotten ? ' But Jess was not to be put off. 'Mr. M-Fadyeu,' said she, 'What were the tilings that the police took away when they went up with M'Lenuan's man to search through Barbara's boxes and drawere r ' 'Oh, well,' said Peter, evasively, 'a few articles — the Procurator Fiscal has them in. charge, and they are all sealed and labelled. Of course, Mr. Grant has the right of access to them— no mistake about that— he is entitled to see the productions, as they are called ; but what I maintain is that, as the accused's agent, he ought to have access to the pre cognitions as well. For I would ask ye this,' con tinued Mr. M'Fadyen, gaining in breath and in im portance, ' how are ye to meet a charge unless ye Know particularly and in eveiy point what the charge is? The information that he'r Majesty's Advocate, the Right Honourable John Blair Balfour, puts into the indictment is precious little : as a friend of the prisoner, I want to see what evidence is going to be fed — and I maintain that is what the law should allow me. However, we can make a bit of a guess here and there ; and these things ye speak of, they can help too— there's the red parasol, for example ? ' ' Yes, the red parasol ?' Jess repeated, quickly. ' Well,' said Mr. M'Fadyen, after a moment's hesitation, ' they may he trying to make some idle story about that, too ; but your cousin declares that she paid for it— and ihat she remembers, for you gave her the ? ' I did?' said Jess— and for the briefest second she looked utterly dismayed. But the next instant she had pulled herself together. ' And— and if I did — why not ? ' she demanded, with pale lips. ' It was before she was marr.ed— ' 'That's just it,' returned the councillor, whore pride of knowledge ? was leading him into dis closures. ' Mebbe they will be trying to show that at that time she had no money to afford such things—' ' But if I had ! — if I had ! ' exclaimed Jess, who had recovered from her temporary temptation. ' Barbara knew well enough where to come ; she would not think of hesitating ; my purse was hers ; there was the money for the parasol, or for anything else she wished, always ready for her— — ' ' I'm sure of that — I'm sure of that,' said M'Fadyen. 'And no doubt Mr. Grant will be giving you a hint what questions he will ask of you at the trial — if the prosecution should chance to take that line, and if you should be wanted. And you must not worry yourself or be anxious, Miss Jessie ; precognitions or no precognitions, we'll do our best ? ' There was a lapping at the door ; the large, rubicund, gooseberry-eyed servant-lass appeared, and ushered in another visitor — it was the school master. ' I was told you had come here,' said he to Jess, forgetting to make any apology for the interrup tion. *' And— and 1 have but a few minutes. Will you read this?' He put a telegram into her hand : these were the words she found before her— — ' Good- bye. Not able to write. Alec.' ' You see I have no alternative,' the schoolmaster continued, hurriedly. ' I must go through to Glasgow at once ; there is just time for me to catch the train. Only, I wanted to say a word to you, Jessie ? ' ' Will you let me walk to the station with you, Allan ?' she responded promptly. ' Then you can tell me on the way what it is you want of me.' 'Will you do that?' said he. 'Ay, but you were ever and always the goodhearted one!' \- Jess nodded a friendly farewell to the councillor ; and the next minute she and Allan were passing quickly along the harbour front, conversing in low tone's, their eyes occasionally glancing towards the c'ock at the railway-station. Yet it was no elabor ate request he had to make ; it was merely that she should seek the earliest opportunity of gaining an interview with Barbara, and explain to her why he had been thus hastily summoned away. Also, would Jess do what she could to lighten the burden of this inexplicable imprisonment ? But he knew she would do that— she could not help it, he said to her— it was in her nature. She accompanied him along the platform, where the guard was urging the last of the passengers into the carriages. As Allan stepped into a third-class compartment, he suddenly paused for a moment, and began to search one pocket after another. ' You've forgotten your pipe ! ' said she. She saw that her surmise was true ; and in another second she was off and down the platform to the tobacconist's stall, where she was able — being known to the lad in charge— to pounce without question or delay on a wooden pipe and a packet of birds' eye. When she returned to the carriage, the train was already in motion. She handed her parting gifts in at.the. window. '. And you'll look after Barbara? ' said he. 'That will I,' she answered, ' as well as I can.' And she waited until the slow-moving string of carriages had crawled round the curve, and was hidden from sight. This was the afternoon train for the south ; and by the time it had panted, and shrieked, and thun dered its way inland by the shores of Loch Etive and through the Pass of Brander, the wide, silver rippling, and glancing waters of Loch Awe had bsgun to assume a slightly golden hue, rendered all the more brilliant by being visible through the pen dulous branches of the birch-trees. As the evening drewou there was up by Glen Dochart and Glen Ogle a yet warmer light shining along the shoulders and peaks of the lonely mountains ; later still, the dark Loch Inibnaig,' down in* Its hollow, had a touch of crimson among the purples and greys that crept into the trembling feeds ; and still later, the brawling Leny, the widening Teith, the smooth - flowing Allan Water caught here and there, from the overhanging heavens, a glimmer of saffron and rose-red fire. And then, as he left behind him the ]ast of the Highland hills and Stirling rock, and as tie got further and further down into the Low land plains, then 'the sun set, and all the ways were overshadowed ;' and when he got into ♦ Glasgow town, a pervading blue-grey mist had filled the thoroughfares, and the. . gaslamps were being lighted. ./ He did not stay to secure any lodging for himself ; he made straight for the address hie had brought with him ; he entered the dusky V close,', and ascended the sombre stone stair. He rapped at a door, and was referred to a floor above. Arrived there, he rapped again ; and an old woman . appeared, hear ing a candle— for now it wasTiractically night. 'I 'am- Allan Henderson/' he said, fearing to question. . ' , . . - ? 'Well, well, indeed,' said the ancient dame, in an accent that sounded friendly to his ear; 'he'll be glad to see you— wake as he is, poor hid. Many's was the time he was speaking of you — ay. will you o-sme in now — and not mek mich noise, in case he is ? sleeping-^7^' ....,.-', ?^?:.~ '.,'- *_. -He followed- her iiito Ihe' lobbv. taking his cap into his. hand : an i then, after a moment or two of surveillatoca, he entered the room she indicated. The eyes of the sick man — which were, singularly large, ' and clear and lustrous — lighted up with pleasure ; a worn smile of welcome appeared on the white and sunken cheeks. The old woman brought forward a chair ; but Allan went to the bedside, and took his friend's hand, and remained standing. ' Alec, lad, this is not right — this is hot what ought to be,' he said. ' What have they been doing to you in this great town ? — we'll have to get you away to Colonsay, after all ? ' ' Sit down, old chap,' said the other, in a labour ing and husky voice. ' Aud do not burden your soul with lies, Allan ; you never were good at it ; and you never were a good actor either. You must se e I'm dying. What about that 'r Sit down and let's have a bit 'of a friendly confab, as in the old days. I fie at ye a silly cry — man, ye should have paid no heed to it ? ' ' Come, come, now,' Allan interrupted, us he took the chajr that was dose by, ' I'll not have ye talk in that lashioni I should not wonder if your own instinct was the best guide after all— that ye should lie off to have a look at the seas and the clouds' about JC6lonsay: ? ' ' No, no,' MacNeil said, quietly. 'The long pantomime's coming to an end. The pantomime with its demons and evil chances— its hopes and adventures— its sham and shimmer of love-business even : all coming to an end, aud what one is waiting for is the transformation-scene. And after?' For a, second he glanced with a curious look at his friend. But in those strangely brilliant eyes there was no sort of delirium, nor any trace of agitation or apprehension ; what little life was left him was burning away quite clearly, peacefully, com placently. ^Nay, there was even a frail touch of humour about the pallid lips as he continued : ' Mind, it may stand well with me that I have always been respectful about the older deities ; I remembered Baudelaire. Heine was wise too ; ' Mensch, verspotte nicht den Teufel ' — but maybe that's carrying prudence to an extreme. Anyhow, I've always held the great old gods in high respect ; and who knows, when I go below, they may let me wander through the twilight in a harmless kind of way, looking at the famous ghosts. The heavy browed Homer for one— if he's still blind, 1 could lead him about, man !— and Ulysses, still thinking and dreaming about Sicily — and Achilles- Achilles sure to be weeping and bemoaning himself— rather be the slave of the meanest hind on earth than the lord of all the phantom-dead. But Nausicaa, now — what do you say, Allan — if one were to come any where within sight of her playing with her maidens — well, I think I might have cheek enough to step forward. I don't think I could help it. ': Madam,' I would say to her, as humbly as she might wish, ' MaJam, T am but a poor Scotch student ; and yet if you would permit me. I would like well to stand by the stream, and bring you back the ball; when it chances to fall in.' Allan, hid, what colour is the asphodel?' The schcolmaster, startled out of. a reverie, could not say : he muttered something about the bogaspho del of this country being a small spiked flower, of a yellow colour. I' The asphodel down there must be purple — to suit the twilight,' Alec MacNeil went on — garrulous even in his huskiness, and perhaps too much rejoiced over the visit of his old chum. ' Purple— ay— and tall, and lily-like — for the huge Orion to go crashing through the meadows, after the wild beasts. But Allan, tell me this now : is't not likely— supposing I were to gather a handful of the asphodels— a whole handful of purple asphodels— do ye not think I would be ready enough to give the lot of them in exchauge for just one single gowan — a gowan found away up on Cathkin Braes— in the white light of a May morn ing ? Man, do ye remember how white the mornings were — Sunday mornings mostly — away out by Cath kin and Kilbryde and Eaglesham ? — ay, and not to be despised either, the other mornings, when we could take a turn nearer at hand— out by Maryhill or that way— before coming back for Kennedy and his high Oxford sing-song— up Maryhill way— do ye remember the farmhouse— and the glimpses of the Argyllshire hills far out in the west — and the fancy that the tops of them were looking across to Jura, and Colonsay, and the Atlantic wares ? ' The watchful old grandmother came siding up behind the schoolmaster's chair, and said in a whisper : ' Check him, sir— check, him ; or he'll be bringing on the cough again.' Allan held up his haud. ' Well, I remember,' he said ; ' well, I remember the white mornings— and Cathkin Braes — and many a silver gewan and yellow buttercup. But, ye see, Alec, fine things of that kind are rather exciting to think of— and you've done talking enough now ? ' ' You're not going— after a mere minute or two !' the sick man exclaimed — pantiugly and piteously. ' Nay, I'll stay with 'ye for a while— until your grandmother puts me out maybe,' Allan rejoined ; ' but it's 1 must do the talking now, and I'll tell you all about my small affairs and adventures, since the time I went to Duntroone.' . And this he did — for a good half-hour or more ; and in a blithe and lightsome fashion, the better to interest and amuse this friend of old days. What terrible conviction may have lain lurking behind all this assumed cheerfulness was for his own heart alone. (To bee minuet,) 