ST. LUKE'S CHURCH, WODONGA, CONFIRMATION SERVICE, His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne visited Wodonga on Tuesday last for the purpose of administering the rite of confirmation and transacting other business in connection with the church. Tbe confirmation services were held in tbe churchon Tuesday afternoon, when six young persons were confirmed in the presence of a large congregation. Before administering the rite, bis Lordship briefly addressed the candidates, taking as his text the passage from the Psalms of David, " When Thon saidst seek Thy face, my heart said, Lord, Thy face shall I Bee." Confirmation, Baid the Bishop, wqg a very old ordinance, one of the apostolic rites, and literally meant " receiving the Holy Ghost." At the conclusion of the ceremony the Bishop again addressed those who had reoeived the rite. He likened them to soldiers who had enlisted for service, Bnd the enemies they were engaged to contend against being the World, the Flesh, and the Devil. His Lordship dwelt on the powers of kindness to others, sympathy in distress, aud good example. laying particular stress on the latter quality. The right rev. prelate cocci uded by expressing the hope that all those who had that day been confirmed would receive the sacrament when it should be administered. Mr. A. E. Hutchinson assisted during the rite and service, St. Luke's choir also giving their services. In the evening a promenade concert in the same connection was held in the shire hall, and proved in every way successful. This was the first concert of the kind held in the shire hall, but the success achieved on this occasion will doubtless cause many similar future ventures, which, as tbe present was so well appreciated, Bhould be even more successful. The hall was tastefully decorated by Mrs B%rtlett, and Misses Moulder (2), Chrystie, and Powell, and Messrs, WickeB (2), Chairs were arranged a la drawing, room, in groups around the hall, gipsy tables being conveniently at hand. Lounges were also placed in various spots, and at about half.past 9 o'clock coffee, sandwiches, and cakes were served to those in the hall, these welcome and appreciated additions being provided by the lady members of tbe congregation. The ministsr, Mz. Hutchinson, presided, opening the concert with a brief speech relative to its object, after which the following programme was carried out:— Song, Mrs, A. E. Hutchinson % song, "Tbe Children Home," Mrs. C. T. Keam ; pianoforte selection, Miss C. Bambrick, song, " How the World Goes Round," Mr J H. Taylor; song, When Sparrows Build," Miss M'Koy. After this number, the Bishop presented the prizes won by some of the members of the local branch of the Girls' Friendly Society, the successful young members being Misses M. Taylor, M. Chrystie (each two prizes), and E, Barber, His Lordship, in presenting tbe prizes, referred to the objects and work of the society, whid he described as "neither school or church, but tbe successor of the school, and the handmaid of the church." In the course of his address, the Bishop alluded to the prospect of woman obtaining the franchise, saying that if this were consummated, and woman ultimately obtained seats in Parliament (the latter—by him—an unhoped for contingency) he trusted they would never forget or neglect their homes—woman's true sphere of power and action, and where sbe could achieve most. While estimating their ability and intelligence at their true standard, he did not approve of women competing with men in all the professions and occupations. His Lordship also referred to the help given tbe church by laymen, and particularised as some of the moBt active and disinterested workers, doctors and—revelation !—pious lawyers, these men being, he remarked, generally considered to be infidels and unbelievers, Dr. Goe illustrated his address with several appropriate aneodotes, He concluded by expressing hlB regret that the congregation were to shortly lose their present minister (Mr. Hutchinson), who had received notice of transfer. When his Lordship had concluded .refreshments were served, after the disenssion of which the programme was resumed by a song," The Cap. tive Greek Girl," rendered by Miss E. Alton. This number was encored, but the encore was not responded to. Song," Venetian Song," Miss Chrystie; song," Tell Her I Love Her So," Mr*. Keam; pianoforte selection, Miss E. Barber; song, " Sweet Home," Miss M. Powell; song, Mrs. Hutchinson; song, " Many Happy Returns of the Day," Mr. J. H. Taylor. In response to an encore tbe last verse was repeated. Mr. A. E. Hutchinson then suitably thanked those ladies and gentlemen who had given their assistance towards the entertainment, also these wbo had attended. The entertainment was concluded by the singing of the National Anthem. The Bishop had intended to journey from Wodonga to visit the Upper Murray parishes, but his Lordship's intention was altered on account of the death of the Dean of Melbourne, to attend whose funeral the Bishop left Wodonga for Melbourne by the early train on Wednesday morning, 