FICTION. WYTHRED'S WHARF. Chapter L Between Thames-street and the River Thames, upon a spot on which the castle of an English monarch once stood, there stands a lofty warehouse—so lofty that even at mid-day it throws some shadow upon the broad wharf below. It is a busy scene, for upon that silent highway, where formerly the gilded barges of royalty glided to and fro with cargoes of names and courtiers, black barges now pass in slow proces sion, led by asthmatic tugs of the most democratic appearance. Here laughter very seldom greets the ear; the hoarse shouts are heard of barge and lightermen, and the constant trundling of iron trucks loaded with sacks, boxes and bales ; but above all other noise sounds the rattling chain work of huge cranes when the goods are lifted into the air and swallowed up at some wide aperture upon one of the numerous floors of the warehouse—a warehouse which would seem to boast of unlimited .accommodation; for the unloading from the lighters and the lifting of merchandise into one store room or another go on day after day. Upon the first floor of this warehouse, looking out upon the river, is Mr. Lin toek's office. Mr. Lintock is the pro prietor. Wythred's wharf and ware house have been in the family for gene rations. Few richer men are to be found than John Lintock in the city of London: and yet, as he sat late one afternoon at his desk, this prince wharf owner had a discontented, troubled look. His brow was deeply wrinkled, and the expression in his e3res was that of a man who was constantly haunted by some distressful thought. A knock at his office door, for no obvious reason, startled him. It was growing dusky on the river, and the men were begin ning to disperse for the night. It was duskier still in the wharf-owner's room. 'Who's that?' Mr. Lintock, half rising, shaded his eyes with his hand. * Ducket.' ' Yes, sir.' 'Ah, that's right. Well, Ducket, what is it f Looking round the sombre room the man said: ' Shall I light your lamp, sir T asked Ducket. ' No, Ducket, I shall not need it to night ; I am going home. Have you anything to say f Ducket was Mr. Lintock's foreman. He was abroad-shouldered man, with large limbs and a great, honest face. His figure was angular—a rather gaunt form, aggravated in its stoop by con stantly bending to lift heavy weights. He had the keen, searching eyes of one long accustomed to the supervision of a hive of workmen. •You wished me to tell you, sir, when I saw Clogstoun again.3 •Well?' said Mr. Lintock, noticing some hesitation. • I have seen him.3 • About the wharf V • No : he has given up coming here. He took the hint I gave him last time and has stopped coming this way, though I never thought he would.3 •Where, then, did you see him?3 asked Mr. Lintock. ! • On London Bridge. He was loung ing there, sir, leaning over the parapet. It was getting dark, and I saw him look at the warehouse and then into the river, as if he had half a mind to drown himself. I3m a-thinking, sir, that he's getting a bit daft.3 •A danger to himself,3 the wharf owner answered thoughtfully. • And to others, sir,3 said the fore man significantly. • He's plotting. A man like Clogstoun would stick at no thing, sir.3 ' What do you mean by that, Ducket ?' Ducket twisted his cap in his hand and glanced out of the window upon the darkening river. • Plotting revenge,3 said he. •Eh?' • Plotting revenge,3 repeated Ducket, with a quick look at his master. •Why, those broken-down, drunken chaps like Clogstoun, sir, haven't any thing to lose—they set no value on life.3 • Do you mean their own f ' Aye, sir—neither their own nor other people's. You'll excuse me, sir, but if you had seen the face of him—3 . The foreman stopped abruptly. Something in Mr. Lintock's face alarmed him ; a keen stab could scar cely have produced a more sudden change. But the startled expression passed before he could ask if his master were ill. • Ducket,3 said Mr. Lintock, rising from his chair, *if Clogstoun ever comes to the wharf you have my leave to hand him over to the police. We must run no risks in a place like this. I am glad to see that you are alive to the fact that the man is a dangerous character.3 As he drove that evening toward London Bridge Station through the lamp-lit streets, Mr. Lintock peered restlessly out of the carriage window • and in the large thoroughfares, where men with uncouth, dissipated faces laughed and talked at half-open tavern doors, he looked about him with the horror of one who dreaded to recognise some repulsive face among them. It was not until the wharf-owner had passed into the crowded station that he seemed to throw off in some degree this curiosity about his fellow-men. Mr. Lintock lived at Greenwich, and the train was on the point of starting. As he stepped into an empty compart ment and the porter was closing the door, a young man came up out of breath and stepped in after him. By the dim light they recognised each other as friends, and a warm exchange of greetings followed. •Why, Overbeck, what takes you to Greenwich, eh?3 said the wharf owner. • I was coming to visit you.3 • To dine with us ?' •Yes.3 • I am delighted to hear it.3 A matter of business between Mr. Lintock and Percy Overbeck had ori ginally brought them together. Over beck had taken part of a house in Trinity Square as a junior partner in a Hamburg firm, and often had oc casion to land goods at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in his younger days, had known Overbeck's parents; and he had welcomed to a place on his hearth this son of his old friends, as soon as he presented his letter of re "commendation; and so it came to pass that the ybung Hamburg merchant quickly learned to realise that Mr. Lintock had a fascinating daughter. Nor did he despair of some day win ning Bertha Lintock's hand. The train was in rapid motion. The two friends sitting opposite each other, were chatting pleasantly, when a startling change came over Mr. Lin tock's face. The expression was that of abject terror. With his eyes fixed as though he were fascinated—fixed upon the further window of the car riage—the wharf-owner sat pale and speechless. Overbeck could not withdraw his gaze; and so completely did Mr. Lin tock's face and attitude impress him, that for the moment he imagined something supernatural had appeared to him. Turning his head to follow the direction of the wharf-owner's eyes, Overbeck was surprised to see no phantom—nothing visible beyond the window but black night. Overbeck placed his hand on Mr. Lintock's arm. ' Are we in danger ? You stare as though you anticipated something ter rible. If there is any real—' _ The elder man raised his hand to silence his companion, at the same time covering bis eyes with the other as if to shut out some repulsive sight. ' There is no danger—no danger now. It has gone by.' This answer, in Overbeck's excited state of mind, did not satisfy. 'There was danger, then? If it was real, and not mere fancy—' 'It was real. It's lucky we met to-night. Your presence has saved my life.' ' In what possible way ?' ' Do not question me now,' said Mr. Lintock, with great earnestness. ' I saw, as distinctly as I see you at this moment, a face at that farther window —a face that has haunted me for more than a year.' Overbeck sprang up to go to the carriage door; but his companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. • Don't stir 1 The face has gone—it would be madness ?' The engine shrieked, and the car riages began to slacken pace. In an other minute the train had come to a standstill in Greenwich Station. Chapter II. The Lintock mansion, in the neigh bourhood of Greenwich Dark, was sur rounded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate, leading into a large courtyard, might have been the en trance to a prison, and its gloomy as pect filled Percy Overbeck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown open, and he stepped with his host into a broad, well-lighted hall, all sense of dread was instantly dismissed, for at the foot of the oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintock. She was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and she always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at these moments of greeting with her father, not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they met his. But she simply said in a charming tone of well-feigned sur prise: 'Mr. Overbeck. How very kind this is!' as she took bis proffered hand. Overbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that she guessed some thing had recently upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which he had accidentally discovered, weighed upon her father's mind ? Berthas first words, when they were alone in the drawing-room before din ner, ' Have you marked the change in my father ? To-night he does not seem the same man,' convinced Over beck that she had been told nothing. * He is greatly changed,' replied the young man. 'I am much concerned about him. ' Can anything be done ?' 'I sincerely hope your father will talk to me of himself this evening. I shall draw him out,' he added, laugh ingly, to reassure her, 'over our cigar.' Bertha's eyes expressed her sense of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted; in fact, he left Bertha to do all the talking: so she and Percy conversed together to their hearts' content. As soon as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeck stood holding open the door, the girl gave I him one of those appealing looks as 1 she passed out he remembered long after. ' Now that we are alone,' said Mr. Lintock, ' I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts me. I have intended for some time speaking to you. The incident in the train to- J night has decided me.5 Overbeck, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking at tentively at Mr. Lintock, said: ' I am deeply interested.' After a few minutes' pause, the wharf-owner enquired: ' Do you remember, Overbeck, an individual of the name of Clogsteun ?' Overbeck shook his head. ' He was a workman on the wharf. I dismissed him for insobriety.' ' A dark person, with black, hungry eyes ?' asked Overbeck. * That's the man, as you describe him -that's the man whose face I saw. at the carriage window to-night/ | The younger man's handsome eyes were fixed searchingly upon his host. * Hot really V ' Yes, what else V ' I thought you might mean his ghost,' said the young man, smiling. ' I mean the man's face. I have no belief in disembodied spirits. 'But,' said Overbeck, 'unless the man Glogstoun is dead—' ' He is not dead. He threatens me; he has done so for months. I see his face everywhere—everywhere,' said Mr. Linstock, glancing uneasily round .the room. For a moment the wharf-owner placed his hand across his eyes, as he had done in the railway carriage ; but quickly recovering himself he said : ' Clogstoun had often been employed on the wharf, and as often discharged, owing to his tips}- and quarrelsome habits. He insulted everyone he came I across, when excited by drink, until it, was thought he must be out of his mind. When at last X refused to listen to his appeal to give him an- J other chance, he mut tered, ' You shan't i ruin me for nothing, Mr. Lintock ; you had better think this over.' I did not like his look then; there was a strange expression in his eyes—a look that seemed to me to contain a torch of in sanity. A few days afterwards he accosted me in the street, loaded me with insult, and vowed he would not rest until he had taken my life.' Overbeck started up with an angry exclamation on his lips. ' The man is mad !' ' I treated this threat at first as the silly utterance of a drunkard,' con tinued Mr. Lintock. ' It gave me at the moment no real uneasiness. But as time went by, his conduct began to alarm me. He again accosted me, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should be forced, if he did not cease to annoy me, to take the matter before a magistrate.' ' Ah! you did right. I should have done so at once, though/ 'But that has no effect. He still dogs my steps if I venture out after dark. I see his eyes fixed on me at every corner; and unless something is done to put a stop to it I shall be ill. My duties at the warehouse are a suffi cient wear and tear without Clog stoun's wretched face threatening me night and day.' Overbeck was pacing up and down the room. He could not rest with the thought of Mr. Lintock insulted and harassed at every turn. ' Does anyone know of this affair except ourselves ¥ he asked. The wharf-owner reflected a mo ment. ' Ducket, I think, suspects some thing ; nobody else.' ' Hot even your daughter V ' I have never spoken to her on the subject,' said Mr. Linntock, evasively. After a moment's pause, Overbeck asked: 'Can you give me Clogstoun's ad dress f The wharf-owner looked up sur prised. 'It never occurred to me that he had any. In what hole or corner of London would he lodge 1 His appear ance was no better when I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp/ ' He must be known to the police.' ' So I hope, for he has fallen very low. He was last seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the account he gave me, suicide or something worse. Is there a crime that one so profligate would not commit 1 The thought makes me shudder! If you had seen his face to-night, the dread would have laid i hold of you as it has of me—that my life was in danger/ He spoke in a very earnest tone, ! but there was no trace of agitation in his manner. His words, ' My life is in danger,' seemed to express the con viction of a sound-minded man capable of mature reflection. ' You are seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that the face at the carriage window was real, and not imaginary V Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : ' That is a question to which I wish. Overbeck, I could give you a satisfac tory answer. It is real? The face, as I tell you, threatens me momen tarily—so unexpectedly; it seems— only too real.' Then he suddenly added with a searching glance, ' You do not think my brain affected 1 Well, well, it is not surprising if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, some times, without this one, to drive me crazy.' Overbeck promised to take the mat ter seriously in hand ; and after some further conversation on the subject, of a re-assuring nature, Mr. Kintock pro posed that they should join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was at the piano, but she rose when they came in, gave them tea, and paid some delicate little attentions to her father. Then she returned to the piano, and began to play a sonata that seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently Percy Overbeck went softly to a chair beside her, for the wharf- owner had fallen asleep. * He has spoken to you,' said the girl, still accompanying her dream. ' Has he not ?' Her face was troubled, and tears were in her dark eyes. ' We have talked the matter over. He has told me everything. Do not be distressed ; there is no need. Have confidence in me, will you, as an old friend ?' There was little occasion to have asked this. Bertha's face, though troubled, had not lost its truthful ness. 4 Why should you doubt that f was the girl's re-assuring reply. 4 For weeks past I have wished that my fa ther would speak to you. I knew that something disturbed him. But he is so considerate! He has doue his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm me,' 4 It is about a discharged workman —it is best that you should know— a fellow who threatens your father. The affair has unnerved him ; but I hope to put matters right. You are not frightened, I hope V 'No; not now,' said Bertha in a low voice—4 not now, that you are lifting half the burden off our shoul ders. How good it is of you!' She was irresistible. Overbeek an swered in his earnest way : 'There is no burden that I would not bear for your sake.' 4 For me V 4 Yes, Bertha. I love you.' There was a flutter of the dark eye lashes, but the girl did not raise her eyes. The accompaniment to her dream was almost inaudible now. Was the reality—the conviction of her love for Percy Overbeek dawning upon her 1 The sonata was finished, and Mr. Linton awoke out of his nap. It was time for Overbeek to bid his friends good-night, for he intended to return to London. He caught a sweet, timid glance from Bertha as he took his leave. As the train was approaching London Bridge, and the glow of lamplight in wide and narrow thoroughfares threw a red reflection over the city, Overbeek thought of the countless mysteries that lay hidden in dark courts and alleys, in the midst of all this glare. Was the face that haunted his friend in one of these shadowy by-ways 1 {To be Concluded, in onr next issue.) 