A Young Reciter. Mr. Percy H. Monkley appeared before a large audience at the Kogarah School of Arts on Monday, and recited Dickens's "Christmas Carol" with very fine effect. The recital was organised for the purpose of supplementing the funds of the institution, and resulted in a substantial sum being netted. Mr. Monkley was warmly greeted, and frequently accorded hearty rounds of applause. The lecturer is possessed of rare elocutionary power, and his powers of mimicry are also good. The various characters introduced — "Scrooge," "Marley's Ghost," "The Old Rag Mer- chant," and the trio of "Obscene Demons" —being most skilfully displayed in vary- ing tones of voice and facial expression; while the pathos of "Tiny Tim" and the jocularity of "Fizziwig" awakened answering emotions. The Tantanoola "tiger" is really a most wonderful animal. Only last week (says the SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STAR) it was scouring the country near Hamilton, in the western district of Vic- toria, and frightening the inhabi- tants of that district, but once again has he escaped the watchful eye of the Border Customs officer, and is now located at South End, about eight miles from Beachport. On Thursday last it was reported that the "tiger's" roar could be heard for miles round, and a scared in- habitant near South End galloped into port with the astounding news that the ferocious beast was on the warpath. Several residents, armed to the teeth, ven- tured out on Friday in search of the animal, but after resorting to strategic means to induce the "tiger" to leave his lair without success, they returned to Beachport without having effected a cap- ture. We have not heard whether another party is to be formed, but this would hardly be of any use, as the "tiger," judging by his habits of late, must be making for the Dandenong Ranges, Vic- toria, where he spent a portion of last spring. A strange accident is reported to have occurred in a Wesleyan church in one of the Victorian townships. An owl was observed flying about the building during service, and shortly afterwards, in passing over one of the rafters, which are at a con- siderable height, the bird brushed off a heavy screw-driver which was lying there, and the instrument falling with the sharp end downwards, struck one of the con- gregation on one side of his head near the crown, and glanced off after inflicting a painful wound. No person had been in the upper part of the building since the church was completed, so that the screw-driver must have been forgotten by the carpenters, and lain on the rafters for nearly 25 years. Twine is another element of comfort. A small basket with a cover, such as can be bought for a very few pence, is the handiest place to store twine in the kitchen. You need never buy any. Just roll each piece up when it comes in the house around pack ages, and fasten one end about the roll with a slip-knot, and you will be surprised to see what a quantity and assortment you will accumulate in a short time. The Primitive Methodists, in preparing an enlarged edition of their "Revival Hymns," have asked permission to appro- priate 20 compositions from "The Musical Salvationist." 