OR 4 Saxon Ac Savage, M ' ' ? By*FOSTE^ OSBORNE, Author of " Cowabbie," "My Devil," &c.;, &c.; PART''It chaWer XI. (Continued). baring the first' bear of the slow advancement Leo picked up two or three lot of bullocks, anil these he had headed towards the sunset at;a-smart trot. He had'just returned" to the summit of a range after ousting tho last of these lots from the bottom of an awkward gully, when hearing the whip and voice liis left.hand main.j approaching with unusual noise,' and sui:- I miaing 'that one''of-thd'-Quins %ari beidg hard pushed by and . ugly customer, he drew rein and waited to render assistance in turning the unruly beast or Beasts as the case might be: He had riot long to wait! Out, of sight on thf!..- further) side of the range which, with the one he himself was on, formed the a^pjfemBp^pned;gully-, Leo heard tho smashing,''crdshmg, thundering of hoofs, which told, of a number of cattle tearing'throhgK''tli6'scrub 'at a fast pace. Another minute and thoro appeared Pat Quiii' at' tbd""top bf -f£li^l"6'ppVdfte "range, turned half-round orihia- Baddltf;' going'like the wind, and ,playing-, yyifcli di 1 igeflce . tljo) extremity of his whip upon the noso and forehead of a huge1 bull, which he was vainly endeavoring to turn westward, and which was followed by a mob of abouit thirty steers. \ > i " Wtio^ah 1 Wiijo-wup f Whoo-hnr-r-roo 1 Turn, ye' devil," tiiru or'l-U cut th'o fttco av-ye !" . , 1 Crack! Crack! Bang! With head do.wn, his face wiiitfuig under the stinging lash, the great birhto -' foircfe'cf '''fts pdnd'erius shoulders through . the ^ brushwOdd. . and having his head set northward .refused: to go in tho direction required'."'" . t » With a volley of oaths the horseman came down the gully at the head of the mob; then up the ascent to where Lao stood, and ; thdi l»ttfe"r.:; qdding shiu'efforts-tO those this beast-was, oy"'din6 oF a,.aouble ailowance of greenhide- 'pers'uaai'6ii7 induced to take a westerly course. Taking with him Pat Quin's choicest blessings and a score or two of whelks upon his skin. All ? the'- day through' whips and lungs kept up cu c6ntiau6u¥'cIa;moui\ 'ind at about five in the evening the niQst&rers; approached the open plain, which formed the western extremity of the paddock. Leo was the last of the horsemen to decead from the sranges'?to tl)e<>Jf{v6l«fow landV",' and' as. hb rodb^across tue last! sptar, looking down at the prospect beneath he beheld a .truly rural scene. The broad open stretch reaohirig to tho flushing horizon was . bathed in. mellow : (\vefth^ :;glf>riesi whilst between hi'm and the fence'that cut the plain about a mile off, were scattered apme 1500 head of bullocks. The quietest of them browsing' contentedly, <dthe^ 'of wilder disposition drifting from spot to spot; and looking back timidly at the horsmeri they knew to-be approaching through the titnber-sfcr^ened rffn£ej& tjt " n. .$ Q" At a given signal"the musterers advanced upon the plain, aijd^cbsing upon the cattle; trom various points, Drought them in a1 compact naob against _the ferjee. Thpn i&e;, wll6w lfearcP\?as cfriv'eif along tlie srfid fence' intirtlro corner of the paddock," wherp~tlley' were to be Icampecffor {he night, andj^wierej several clumps of dry Yarrah timber would' snpply fuel for the necessary camp fires. ! It fvsr^ff:-^vyiligfert teforeHtillfcl camp, fires were lighted, and the uneasy beasts; toned down to something like restfulness.j A line of tires. at tyCy ."in | blocking cattlo, _but\ it. .as .necessary as an I additional, .safeguard to have,- -w&tch;^ra^ on; «ipu patrol aU'thG night through. . Thesewatches: lofBil walking betwe'eii iffio"'j^res 'have to turn: m 1MB thelii by liook' 6rV^yVcro&,;ior i£^one.anitnal makesva- break :from; tfid>':campj tfae'coiisftj quence is aura to' be aujtybat meaiis'.the (loss j spc,h' afl [lia^'be'en 'expendedil-in'/dgetting . . :t«em together. : ?"'???' .' i 'At: about seven o'clock, 'Leoi, obserymj* .that not an animal was on the .uxpve^' pl^cefl jtWo' mfen on watch, one on each wing, tpjlitilatf.ihe,. with the others,; retired to the j||entre-fire to prepare a hasty ineal, and to. |||iobble the horsed Out on'grass. ;Tbe cpok^ 1 *'Tng operations whicsh' ensued, wera not of ap, * Mab'orale caste.; cold eatables and tea being; [Ueiorder. Each man filled his quart pot < TfcriVh water /and placing it on the' fire,. r>t s(tr6tched' liimsdlf oti " bluey " (blanket)! his head on his Baddle, and waited for ^ B'a; t° h°il. Little simmering bubbles first itt8tdB:JiBk about the inside ofrthe': pot, .then'f'th'e Igjire' liquid becomes violently agitatedy ^'making frantic efforts to (leap lieyoad the west c ftSptii: walis ; lift the ? pot oft.aadagaoon as aoith« ^uqeot-a small handful of Cea j'^lipld'o.ye'f tue i pickc; iiz!e again5 until the 's'im'meriSgxecomm'ehcea, F tut withdraw" before a relapse of cohyul-'j J> 'H^s; a few moment on the ground within. ey' .1/ -j ?oot of the coals, and thpn drink as gpod #jaiJnican of tea' ^s' yoii can wisij 'for. - ' '1 . Luo. and his party made a heStty" Hibal-^ .-tlH of tbem except long Jack. The latter,'! j%|drank two pinta'of tea, took nothing to and altogether showiid such signs of 'fe-'dx from his ordinary hearty spirit as to js,t^act the attention of his master. ''Come Jack, this is not like you at all; ,-*i|are generally good for half ,a; loaf, and "5 i^g of mutton/ What has' pfit y6u off \- --Wr oats, eh ?" ,,"|Wal, Mr. Leo, I aint put: off ,my grub, ! I somehow I don't oare . for hone this ening." I :) takes something out of the common to the appetite of a's body bore the reputation of'Being' abie ,f5 .conceal a prodigious amount of bbef and ^Per, and the present was an unprece |gted instance of "mental influence.inteir pg with the proclivites of his stomach. fcJfoit do seem out of |orts, Jaok," said iS2CDg4 Leo,. ".I hope ry°u have not hart yourself to-day in the gulliea." Hurt! Me hurt! No fear of that! The fact is I allers feel sort ef lonesome like when ever I set eyes on that clup.of myals yonder. I gets a sorter knocked over whenever I comes to this end of the run. Its a long time ago now since it happened, but I can t get over it, and blow me if I can eat my tuclfer to-night." ' ? r'f®'" I know what you mean, Jack, I had forgotten poor Ward's death,_ JJy the way you were with him at the time, were you not ?" «'I wnz .vyith hjun !"' , ; , " £ haVe Ine^er heard!the particulars ,ofj that taffairr.'</aak'V/will you*'tell me how it happened?" Truth to te'l, the lon£ stockrider was looking very much depressed, jj)ut he jerked tho'ashes dut'of his pipe, spat 'several times at a stump ten feet distance, and then com menced the following story-which story, it may be as well to state, was true without exaggeration. Tho accident reiered to happened to an acquaintance of the writer. " Yarss, Mr. Leo, I'll tell you how it happened. As you know very well Mr. Ward used to own Goonambool which bea right over t^e.Jjo^treeq yonder &bp;}|£ = four, miles from here'; and, not meanin' any harm to Mr. Muyne as owns it now, Goonambool will never have such another boss as Mr. Ward wuz.. Ho were a fine open 'arted gefitlemari.atad the finest rough rider I believe as ever come to these 'ere jia^ts,, though, jh& used .^lleijs.to hold , as I wuz his equal. He would;piciunt anything as bed "legs, and' I never see the hoss as could best him with'buck-jumpnng or any ! sort o' vice. He was mortal fond o' rnnnin' i warrigals (wild horses) too, and many's the time he got Mr. Morton to seud me along with him to do a chase in theiu there hills There used to be a, mob ;of wild- mipkeys runnin' on this plain--there was no fences nor nothiek in tbem days-and Mr. Ward and me, we rundown all that mob1 ban-in two-a black stallion, tremendous, f^st he wuz, and a piebald thing ^.s allera got away .from us ,though>he warn'fe miich:io look at neither. Mr. Ward he .tried for these, two many a time,!belt ^®y oilers'gofi a way frbm him in the mountains, so one day he comes over to Wyalong and he says, ' Jack we're in for a hunt to day; I got leaf from Mr. Morton and you and I is goin' to hev them two snorters out back, so get thojbeSt; horse you can lay your hands loa;and">come away; we'll give 'em a twist to-day or I'm a Dtutphman,!" ': Well Mr. Leo, about two( hpyrs ^fter-;, that \4re cbii'es, the two ofus, ov;er them hills and on the plain about fivevmi!es 's6utliftof where we're sitting this minute, the two mickies wuz feedin' riglit" afove ua. -We hadn't time to arrange.no plans, cause the wild uns saw us as soon as we see them, and hoistin', up their!heads and 'tails they makes for the mountains straight., Just as,,we.. went for them properly they separated, the piebald turning for the plain, the black, stallion headin' for the high country. Mr. ; Ward was leadin' me by a couple of lengths I ,p,t this,; 4im&, and turnin'*in his saddle he shouts out: ".i;il.go.for,.the. black'un Jack ; meet me at Goonambool if we lose each other." I had just time to answer " Right you are," away we goes at a sweepin' pace, him when the right,..me to the left, and soon loBt to sight of eabh other. '. My piebald, as -I said before, weren't much to look at, but by jingo he was the devil to travel, and he must have been as hard as nails cause he took me a drag o' fifteen miles round and across the country before he came to that bit o' a creek on the plain there. He comes to earth in the bed o' that creek, and when I come up lie was lying as dead as . a doornail; he seemed to 'a' pushed himself to that extent in the rnn that the sudden shock of the gully burst his^'art: and. he fell? dead on the spot. " My hack was puffin' heavy, and I began walking himtup &tjd; down^ to cool him like, and when L'd bin doih' this 4 quarter o' a hour or bo, 't Wen''Mr. Ward corain'liell for leather ,ovep-tliat ridge of rocks right' at the top 'bf' that'grange over there. He was goin* a terribie bat with the black stallion only just a. length in front of him, and creepin' on to his quarter every stride. When he left the rocks they came over that open patch^on the brow of the hill and made straight towards that myall clump on tho "edge* of the plains. At about one huodcgfl y#r.ds from- thoimyals the horses wero^oiitf ueok-apd:necljT;their flanks and sh^|Tders'^ruhbing, I . nevey see such a? sple&idid; sight in my life -it was real pretty and no mistake-and when I see ; Mr. Ward a leauin' over and .alippin' his whip over the warrigal's head, I gets that .excited I goes all ov a jump, and shouts out: . '. Well done.Mr-Ward ; Well done !' " That's the way they wuz , when I gets the last glimpse of them gcjih' into the piyall .clump ; and,,r'my GodljI^ wisht I'd gone .stone blin'd%Fore I yen'what' T did wlien they come out 6' it."'' ' : ' " The Warrigal comes, out . first goin'. strong as ever, and the minute I see as Mr. Ward war'nt with-Win, ;I lino wed Sgm^tbTng was up. I star te'l" off as* hai-d.as Ico.uld trjt veVbufc afore^I >fgot fur I see the white' boss coiotP; r.towards-.it"' a gallop,\tjis [ .master on hie back, but his face as.white as a ghost, and'his' lips alV screwed vjp .with, jpain, yet his teeth' was sefciirm and' clinched' desperate like, I went sick when I sot eyes on him. The reins was hangin' loosely on his arm, and he seemed, from where I stood to be carrying a long myal stick pointed towards his horse's ears,- All at once a horrible idea flashed upon me, and I galloped close up to him; good G;id--Yes- the stake was right through liis b.ndy. . I .tried to stop his hoss hopin' to do something for him, but he gasped oat s ' Let him go Jack; I'm off .for home ; no more huntin' for me old'fellbw-; I hnow it is a case this time, but I'd like to reach home if I can.' ;; ; " I see he was spurrin' his hoss and head ing him towards Goonambool, so Ijust tries to keep up with him, but in the four miles ride I lost oyer twenty lengths. That wuz a ride 1 I'll, never, forget it; and. Mr. Vjfard jumped three J^gfeaoes afore l^e got home a holdin' that 3take in his hand all tbe way." " When he reached the yard gate he cotild not stand. I comes up then, and I says : * ' Mr. Ward, saya I, shall I pull it out?' r * You iriay as well,'says he 'just as well to end it at once.' ' He wuz right; for the minute the cook and I freed the stake, he gave a deep .gasping sigh and died. " f There is no romance-no glamour which can lend .narrative so; keen an' effect .as the twilight of the night-watch fire. Had I a cojaic yarn ;With a repujation to earn for itself, -I wouldi' spinit after '^tucker ' when the toljaccoi bkrpg and Bill Smith has just completed' the song ' The- Murrambidgee Whaler,' or a touching little story to tell, I would rather launch it, forth,to struggle for fame;uuder the .unbroken sky- beside tbe camp fire, whilst'the pine knots flicker, and the curlew and the dingo blend their wails of woe in gloomy rivalry. Jack's story-by no means wanting in thrilling solemnity-carried with that additional prestige always born to facts. It was told by a man under the influence of strong emotion, in the silent and shadowy night, when the eye of his hearers could dimly sqe through ttye growing darkness the fatal clumps of myalls, the wild dogs weiijd lamentation rising at the moment from the distances veiled uplands; and it is scarcely surprising if -those who hoard it, from the grizzly, sundried stock-rider to the fair-haired young Saxon were solemnly affected. The , latter, however, did not become so engrossed,. by the,;themes thus furnished as to forget the business in hand. Tlie two men on patrol had been relieved so tha'ttbey might have their meal, and the watches had been ^arranged for the nighti; so addressing Jack, Leo unfolded his plans for the night. ?' ("JWe jvillpiake two watches of it Jaik." "?Yarss sir." V '. The cattleseem, to have, settled ,$pwn iu . the; Q&ki;&sa;';' a'n'd* tibero£ is ^cf^gefr of ^heir^.iattgmp^ing^ to break, or becoming troublesome until tbe moou gets up. What time does it iise to-night 1" , " Jast twelve o'clock as nigh as possible.'' .V"<-Well«then,'. as tllere il 'no' danger of them shifting whilst it is dark, suppos| you and Aleck take the first watch until moourise, then there will be five of ua. fresh and ready for the worst watch." _ V,I jbelieye you hqv it rigbt about them cattle t Mr.'. Leo"? there wont be a hoof of them stirred between this and moonlight; but'there'll-oe ;a darnation rumpus when , the . Kgj^t ^doea ; cornj. I, knows them beautiea^well; they're in their own paddock, and Tu' take my davey on it, ouce ever there's a bit of moonshine, and they sots their eyes on the mountain yonder, they'll go for em if they ken. I oan do the first watch irtyself, if you will let the rest get under bluey then we will be all on the job wheu the;fuss begins,'cause I aint goin' to bed to-night; I enn't sleep, so what's the use." . " Very well, Jack, we'll have it your way, but mind you call' all hands before : twelve P"' * . ' r . "Right you are sir 1 Stretch yourself -over -by- the-fence, wthat~if-'theyshonld make a plunge, they wont, come over the top of yer." Carrying their blankets and saddles to the adjacent fence, the six men stretched themselves beside a large log fire, with their heads? pillowed on the soft lining of. their saddles. They soon fell asleep,; leaving the cattle to the. watchful care of Jack. It was sometime near midnight that Leo became conscious of a violent agitation as though an earthquake were embracing him, and waking up with an alarm, commenser ate with such an appaling catastrophe, he was assured by Jaok in the following terms : " The moon'll be up in 'arf a hour Mr. Leo ; I called you a couple of times, but seein' as you was pretty deep down I reckoned to give yer a bit o' a shake, sir." Now, Jack had a paw which would shame a grizzly bear, and the inside of that paw was protected by a thick, horny skin, through which feeling declined to bo a sense under any inducement less than, say, 501b pressure, so that what he naturally regarded as a "bit o' a shake" might mean considerable inconvenience to the object of his gentle manipulation. I In course of five minutes every man was up aud at his po3t in the strong watch, which was now'to'be kept up. ".'As Ijeo took his plaQ^npar ihe centre '.fire he could dia "oem looming' through the darkness the great boviue mass standing motionless at about forty yards distant, ; Then a pale amber light rose on the eastern sky,growing brighter every minute, a~ud finally, as a crescent moon glided up into full view, he ; could plainly sec the long liue of dark, uplifted heads, the .eyes fixed worideringlv uppn the.fires, and the tilted horns glisten ing; like a sea of bayonets in the moonlight. J?Qr..an hour or more the .mob preserved this quiet.^ttitude in front, and Leo would have Begun to' doubt Jaick's' infallibility as a judge.of bovine proclivities, but that he fancied there was an uneasy wavering away ;iu $he far. corner, at .the rear of the dark naaas-a spreading motion, as though some one of the beasts were w^'.l^iug ' slqwly' through the. restl ' He could ndt be sure/ but itgeen}ed.fco..hiu} as though-tbis wave of uneasiness was shining, towards the front over on the right wing, Jack, who hap pened to be the nearest watcher to Leo oh the {eft, came up at this foment, .' J've a fancy as there's something stirrin' over on the right, sir j don't you think as Aleck and Jim h'ad better get the hoasel up aud saddle 'em in oase of a break ?" j " I've been thinking myself that there ib a discontented beast over there, but I should like the horses to get as much grass as possible. There is no danger of a break until the mob Qommenoea to ring, but if they should start ringing, send for the horses at once, for now that the moon is properly.up I think that even if'they do get away from the camp we might keen them together till morning." * "I dare say could; we've done the likesafore." . v ? > 1 (To, be Qo/iiimtd.) ' . v '' * y* * *1 * 