THE GIFT OF THE SEA. The dead child lay in th» abroad, And the widow watched beside. And bar mother alept, and the channel swept The gala in the teeth of the tide. Bet the mother langhed at all. l have lost my man in the tea, ' And tbe child is dead. Be still," ahe said, " Vi hat more can ye do to mer - Tbe widow watched the dead, And the candle guttered low. And she ttieu to sing the Passing Song That bile tbe poor sonl go. And "Maty tabsyoa now," ehesang, "That lay against my hea t," And "Mary smooth your crib to-night," Bat ehe could not eay "Depart." Then came a cry from the sea, lint the sea-rime blinded the glaes. And " Heard ye nothing, mother?' ehe eald, 'Tie the child that waite to pass." And the nodding mother sighed, "' Tie a lambing ewe in the whin, For why should the christened aonl cry out That never knew of sin?' " 0, feet I have held in my hand, O, hauds at my heart to catch; How should they know the road to go. And how should they lift the latch?' They laid a sheet to the door, Willi tbe little quilt atop, That it might not hurt from the cold or the diri, But the crying would not stop. The widow lifted tbe latch And strained her eyes to see. And opened the door on the bitter shoro To 1st the soul go free. There was neither glimmer nor ghost, There was neither spirit nor spark. And " Heard ye nothing, mother?" ahe said, " 'Tie crying for me in tbe dark." And the nodding mother sighed, " 'Tie sorrow makes ye dull; Have ye yet to learn tbe cry of the tern, Or the wail of the wind-blown gull?' " Tho terns are blown inland, Tbo grey gull follows the plough. 'Twas never a bird the voice 1 heard, Ob, mother, 1 bear it now I"' " I.io still, dear lamb, lie still: Tbe child is passed from harm, - 'Tie tbe ache in your breast that broke your rest, And the feel of an empty arm." She put her mother aside, " In Mary's name let be 1 For the peace of my soul I most go," aho said, * And :he went to tbe calling sea. In the heel of the wind bit pier. Whore the t»istcd weed was piled, She can e to the life she had missed by an hour, For she came to a little child. She laid it into her breast. And back to her mother she came, But it would not feed and it would not hsed, Though she gave it htr own child's name. And the dead child dripped nn her breast, And her own in the shroud lay Btark; And "Clod forgive us, mother," she said, "We let it die in the dark ?' Bddvard Kipling. 