Chapter XXX.—The Reverend Jeremiah Utters a Word in Season. Fortune was kinder to Maria Grantley, for she was duly married to the man of her choice; the Rev. Jeremiah Jiggs performing the important function in a most impressive manner, not abating one jot of the whole service that can be used on such occasions. " I hope you don't doubt you are effeotsually spliced," whispered Roland to the bride in a purposely audible tone, so that the reverend gentleman could hear, " for you have had the comprehensive whole from ' Dearly beloved • to 'amazement'—enough to make any man prefer.the broomstick." Of course there was the usual feast, the tearful farewell, and final departure, certainly to the relief of the two most concerned. Then they rode away on bush steeds to Enfield and Gifford's station,'"The Creek," where in the course of this story we shall be compelled to follow. Meanwhile, we leave them to the fruition of those halcyon dreams which those entering the perfeot state of matrimony have a right to expect to be realised. The.Rev. Mr. Jiggs was to have remained for the night or probably lodger at Talkie, and Roland, as. the host, naturally ought to have desired to stay at home to enjoy his society and to do him honor. That gentleman, however, received intelligence that demanded his pre sence at an out-station. "I must start at once," said this shameless young. man, " and shall not be back till late to night ; pray do not sit up for meand straightway he rode off to the Fishery, where Petrel was waiting, all exoitement to hear about the wedding. With her he threw aside the worries of the day and for a time listened with a lover's delight to her animated enquiries as to how everybody looked, how the bride bore the ceremony and the parting. Presently the gloom that had possessed him lately came over him and not all Petrel's flow of spirits could disperse it. He knew she must, when talking of such things, sometimes think of when she too would be a bride— perhaps even wonder that he never spoke on the subject. They had gone to the old seat, and notioing that he had become silent and ■ abstracted the girl grew more affectionate. Then his passion broke forth in all its strength beyond his control. He loved her—would she be his without wait ing, for a parson's blessing? What availed that ? it could not sanctify their union; their love did that, not the act of church or priest or law. Poor Petrel! loving him as she did, how was she to defend herself against his Bophistry urged with eloquent vehemenoa ? At last in an unguarded moment came out an implied doubt that he could marry her. "Fly with me, darling," he implored, "to another colony; in New South Wales I will take out another run, and we will leave this hateful please where they slander us and begin a new life." :. "What! and leave dad?" she cried, shrink ing from him appalled. "You cannot mean it. If I have not deserved better treatment from you, surely he has." For very shame he hung his head. "You would have to leave him if you married me," he muttered. She burst into a passion of tears so _ uncon trollable and violent that it alarmed hiii and he vowed he had only been trying her fidelity, and soothed her baok to some degree of tran quility. But when they parted, though vith all or more than the old caresses,.Petrel felt:-. the first doubts of her lover.; never more shall she know that complete trust in him or any man again. Love him ? Oh, yes ! to her last hour she must do that, but not as the perfect hero who won her first affections. As for him, he mounted his horse and rode furiously away, ashamed, foiled, burning with the passion he felt for her, such as he well knew no other woman conld ever inspire On in a wild ■ tumult he dashed, until the cool sea breeze • calmed him down and he could review more quietly what had passed. He had gone so far now that the next meeting would bring the end. Ste would certainly want to know why he had so ohanged, and then he must tell hik tale, what his marrying her would cost rhim, and why. Yet he shrank'. from . telling her what her father had been and was still, for he knew it would out her to the heart. When once she understood the- bar between them she could not blame him so much ; and then the ignoble thought again oocurred to him, might she not, after realising all the oircumstanoes, oonsenti- to be his without the marriage oeremony? That she would offer to set him free rather than ask him to marry her and blight all his brightest hopes and prospects he wasr sure; but that was not what Tie desired. She was the light of his eyes and the joy of his ' heart—surely Bhe could nob leave him; he would reward her for it by being faithful and true all his life long. .. ■ His unole, if satisfied that he had made no . misalliance, would make him his heir, and thus ' he should obtain the two objects of his great desire—Petrel and the Grantley estate. His wild gallop along the sea beach over and these Batisfaotory conclusions arrived atour hero reached home ia a muoh more prosaic fashion than might have-been expeoted on his leaving '-■• the whaling station. Nor were bis dreams of a disquieting nature; so persuaded was he of ultimate suocess that they even partook oE the same triumphant tinge. After years of prosperity in Australia, in whioh Petrel bore a part, he fanoied fchaJt he went to the old world to take possession of his inheritance and title. Great were the re joicings of the tenantry at the welcome given the master, Sic Roland, on Mb arrival from the ; far-away land; but, though he could not un derstand why, Petrel was not with him in "these proud moments. At breakfast the Rev. Jeremiah Jiggs hoped be was not fatigued after his arduous attention to the duties of his avocation and consequent late ride, to which the young scoffer replied " that he trusted he had not disturbed Mr. Jiggs at the prayers in which he was doubtless engaged, as he understood was the pious custom of men of the cloth at the midnight hour. As for himself, his burden was almost greater than he could bear, but he hoped to be supported under it." . .On this the parson looked straight down his nose and Miss Grantley could not forbear a grim Bmile, while Joan was on the verge of a giggle. As the conversation was in danger of languishing, to set it in flow again Roland asked the reverend gentleman if he believed in ghosts or if the spirits of the dead returned to the earth 1 "In anoient days," answered the pious man, "we may fairly assume they did, because we have the authority of Holy Writ to prove it; but as the age ot miracles is passed, when the body is once buried I tMnk we may feel very sure we have done with the departed as far as this world is concerned." "Tour reply," said Grantley, "opens up an aspect of the question upon which I wish to be enlightened. Suppose the unfortunate dead has not had the advantage of pious ministra tions or those of any one qualified to perform such holy duties, is it not then probable that the: Bpirit may haunt the spot where the mur der or violent death had taken place ? I Have put the case before you, sir, because it is confidently asserted in this neighborhood that the missing man Salter's ghost can nightly be seen sitting on the white stone on Mount \- Jagged where his tracks were lost; there was blood on it, but not a trace beyond has ever been found. If you delay your departure until evening you will arrive at the tragic spot about the solemn hour of midnight and may lay the , restless'spirit." " Thank yon," replied Mr. Jiggs, " but I cannot defer leaving bo long. I have a service to hold this evening at my own church." "I regret to hear it," was the demure reply : " your horse shall be brought up immediately after breakfast, since you must go." (To be continued.} 