ST. PAUL'S CHURCH OF ENGLAND. THE ADDITIONS. LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE. AN IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY. The laying of the memorial stono of tho additions to St. Paul's Church of England on Sunday wan an tvont of no mean importance in this district, reviving m it did memorias »f of the days when the pioneers of clviliza- tion were pushing forward through tho Ivngtli and breadth of, the colon}-. That generation is quickly passing away and it i> fitting lh.it tho good work they did »h»tild be perpetuated. Amongst thete «ho.<e nunics art) indelibly Associated Kith this district tho late Mr. John Manifold who, accompanied by his trn brothers, was tho 6rst of thu settlers who penetrated beyond tho St.my Rises as early a» 1838, _ over half n century ago, holds a ])r»min«nt place. Siitoon yean after, in ISiit, the lite Mrs. Msnifold cam« to l'urrum- Wte to reside with her busbaiid, slid both lived long enough to witness the gradual growth of the district until it developed into one of the richest and mo.it fertile provinces in Australia, holding'its own even against the nuriforun* centres •f Ballarst and Bendigo. They »aw Victoria's dawii, and were participatora in events which nro now bat dim memories to a few of that generation wliu still sun-ire, and far awny historical inciilenU to the genaritton that has sue ce«ii«d tlieiu. Mr. ManiWd died on the 3rd January, 1877, and his wife on the 26th Fcburary of the present year. When their mother had been laid in the <rravo,the children of Mr. and Mrs. Manifold thought it would be a fitting tribute to the memory of their parents to enlarge the church in which they liad taken so great an intercit, and which practically owed its existence to their goncrosity. Mr. M. Al'Cabe, architect, was immediately instructed to proparo plans unhampered by con siderations of expense. These were completed as speedily as possible, and tenders were called for the work, that of Messrs. M'Crno and Fulbrton being accepted. When the additions and improvements are completed they will luve cost about £3000. The original building was orected in the rear IS(>4, the funds for the purpose being advanced by Messrs. J. and P. Manifold. The advance, however, has never been cleared off, so that they practically bore the expense of erecting the building themsel* ea. The memorial stone wan bjj by the late Mrs. Manifold, and there t> a rvcord in tha ruinate book of tii* Hoard of Guardians of the presentation of a silver trowel tn Mrs. Manifold upon tho occa sion nf the ceremony, by tho K«v. Alei. I'yno. Tlic trowel, which was pur chased by public subscription, bore tho intcription—"Presented to Mr*. John Mwifuld, of Purrumbetc, on her laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's Church, Caniperduwn, 27th July, 1804." The building was opened fur public worship br the bishop of the dioceso about tbo Ist of March in the following year. Ever inn it* foundation the church has been the especi.il eire of the Manifold family, »nd t«i tho Utu Mr*. Manifold in parti cular it is indebted for much valuable wsisL-into, and its extension therefore is t titling monument to those to whom it owes so much, and with whom its history his been no closely intertwined. The ceremony of laying tha memorial stone of the additions oil Sunday attracted t Urge crowd, and every crtigu of vantage f»« ulicn jxissession of by intorestcd rprctAtor*. Ilia stone which is set in the k>uih tnnsept kean Uiu following in tcn;iuoti :— . To the Gu>Br op Gon A.vu in Uivi.vq Itr.utirnmxcn or JOnN -MANIFOLD, BoE.vCiif.TEK, Enouixd, Mav-Ith, 1811. DtEh Jaxvaxt 3rd, 1877, - AND ' ' . MARIOX MANIFOLD, Boen larecoTON,Tasmania, AtoilOtb, 1529 ; pied Fedruabv 28th, 1891, Tnr>E Transepts a.vu Catxca. wear EUcTEtI lIV THCIU SONS ASD DAPORTEns. A.B. 1804. . .Shortly After two o'clock the Rev. J. H. Macfarlane commenced lliu service oWrved on such occasions. After » prayer in which the responses were ti-if by the people, tlie Minister kldrauing these present said : '* Dearly Uluvod in the Lord.—lt is customary is ilu- erection f( public buildings t« |»y with solemnity some principal Cove t.j represent the foundation w enrner »U>ne. In accordance with tiits c.istoni wo are vow assembled to lay th« inundation stono of a buildiug to bis debated to the spocial service of God. I,cl us then remember how it v written: 'Except the Twrd buiU tliu lloubo their Labour U but l.«t tlut build it; except tho Lord Veep the city tho watchman waketh but in v.nn ;' and let. us implore the blearing of Almighty Gikl on thin our undertaking." This wax followed by. nrsyor and the sm^m n ' i,f n psalm by the choir and a I ltM.in from the Scriptures, I. Cor., iii.,9, Wl the AjtustW Creed rejieated aloud dv Minister and pcanlc, and tlien the ceremor.y of Laying tho Btono was i>er formed. :„_■ ■ ■ ■" ; "...;". Sir. James M'Crae,"on bclialf of Messrs? M'Cne and FulUvrtoq, presented Bfr» StuAn Murray with * uandsome ailver trp»el bearinj; the inscription, "Pre- Kuu-J u> Jlrs. Marion Stuart Murray by tli« cmlracturs, on tils' occasion~of her Uyin- the memorial stand ot St. Paul's Church, Camperdown, November 18th. 18y-f. M Sirs. Murray accepted the trowel, »nd after touching; th* mortar "with it the stone was laid in Hi ]:Uce. She then tapped it with a mallet repeating the words,' "In the faith of Christ mid with prayer for the blessing of Ood, I lay tliii Foundation Stone of a Church, to be called St. Paul's Church, in the iuiuo of the Father, and of the Son, mJ of the Holy Ghost." Then the Minister read the scroll to be placed in the cavity, which was us follows:— " Tliis memorial stono of tha addition* to St. Paul's Church, CBDipcrdown, was bid to the honour and glary of the Al mighty God, and in loving remoioberance of Joilv SlA.sirou), of Parrumbew, Campcnlown, bom ' Cluster, England, M»y 4th, 1811, diod Purrumbete, January 3rd, 1877; and Slabio* Manifold, born l*uneest»n, Tasmania, April Oth, 182U, died U'iridjii Hall, Cunpordomi, Febni »T Sflth, 1394, by their daughter Marion M»y, wife of R. Stuart Sfurray, of Wool Wool, C«Loc, at 2 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, tha 18th day of November, 18.M. The foundation stone of the original church was laid by the daresaid Marion Mauifnld in April. 186». The church was completed and opened for public worship in March of tho following Tear. On the decease of Bbrion, wife of John Manifold, also deceased, their soni— William Thomson, Themaa Peter, Jamee Chester, and Edward; and their daughter!, Marion May, wife of R. Stuart Murray, »ml Elle:i EUzilieth, wifo of John Fyfo Junieson, decided to erect in moinory of their parents tha full'iwiii; improvements, viz.:—Cliincol, transept*, porch, an I orgin, all completely fitted and furnished, the n->rth tr.msupt to serva as vestry, »ud the Houth as organ chamber. In th» kittlu containing this scroll were a *. slued the coins found in the orii>i i•' f 'iiii.Liii.in stone (the papers haring bean destroyed liy damp), sundry ulbarociitM doim Chronicle dated 17th November, 189-1, and a photograph of tho original church.'' The contractor for tho original church was R. Pimhlett; for these addi ti«ns J. M'Crae and T. Fullarton, and the architect M. M'Cabo. Vicar of Parish—John Ilorton llac farlano, B.A. Guardians.—John Thornton, IV. T. Manifold, F. J. Brett,"J. 0. Manifold, H. M'Kenzie,;!!. Thornton, J. Sl'Kay, T.P. Jfaiiifold, W. I'odgor, J. Gtirett, E. Manifold. Secretary, C. 11. Wore. Tlio scroll, tho t'Aronicfc, the pheto gntph (which hod been taken by Mr. C. B. Wore), and tho coiua were then placed in thu bottle, which WM dopotited in the carity of tho atone. After furtlurprayers j and hymns the Borvico concluded with tho Boncdictiou. .';-■- When completed the improvements, which aro in tho Early English decorated stylo of architecture, will make tli« church n lundsomo building of massive nppear ance. The additions consist of a north and isouth transept, chancel, apse, and porch. The base w of fine axed blucstuno, with atnd-nibbcd margin and mouldings. The wall* throughout will be uncounted bioken nibble, arid the windjivs, tracery, chancei nrclios, and buttresses will bo .af Waurn Ponds .freestone aid will be heavily moulded? Tho atop* to tho chancel and apse nro to be of white" Carraro marble and the floor of Jfinton tilej. The windows of the npjro-*T»1ll be" of cathedral stained glass. Tho \ coiling of tho chancel will bo of oak and the npso will have n groined ceiling with, freestone groins. The roof "will be of slato with n terracotta ridge, and tho roof of the npse will be tinihhed off witli a large wrought-iron cross. All the inside fittings —consisting of screens, choir bencheii, priest stalls, altar and rercdos—will be of carved English oak. The poreli, which will talce the place of the present one and will hare an cast and west entrance door, will be of the sanio class of work as tlio church. The width from tmnsopt to transept is 71ft, and the length of both chnncol and apse 33ft. Tlie full length of the church when finished will bo 11-' ft. In addition to these improvements a pipe organ will be fitted up in Hit: so.v. transont, and the whale of th« interior o' the old building will be thoroughly reno rated. The building is to be compleUid for occupation by tho Ist March, 1895. 