SEVENTH DAY. Thursday, April 12. James Hares, the plaintiff; was put into the bos for further cross-examination. i Mr. MrrcifKLt intimated that counsel for 'defendants bad finished the'cross- examina tion of the plaintiff. ' "• Re-examined by Mr. Lxok.—You said Yesterday you thought you had made close I on £5.000 during the three years you were | riding, and had also won a considerable sum : in bets. Did you invest that money ?—I lost | it backing horses. EVIDENCE OF PLAINTIFF'S FATHER. John Hayes, examined by Mr. Dcfft, said: —I am a publican at present, and a registered trainer under the V.R.C. rules. I am the fathpr of the plaintiff, who has always lived with me from his childhood upwards. I have had opportunities of observing his conduct I have never heard until now of his going about in P rah ran with a " push" of low fight ing men. Furthermore, I don't know a fighting man in Prahran. He never brought any members of any "push," or other .dis reputable characters to my hotel. Mr. Di-rer.—Is he a loy of quarrelsome or disorderly habits ?—No. I have never . known or heard of his' being engaged in j a fight in his life. •You remember the .Armstrong affair?] What did you see of it?—One Sunday after noon about 3 o'clock I heard from plaintiff's mother and sister, who were in a top room of I my house, that Armstrong was assaulting | plaintiff. I went outside and saw that Arm strong had Jimmy by the throat, and had burst his collar. Jimmy was crying. I separated them, and told Armstrong. he ought to be ashamed of himselt for tackling a hoy. I gave my son a clout on the bead, and told him to go away. I remonstrated with Armstrong, saying, " He is only a boy." "Armstrong said, " He is too flash." \- Waa yoor boy ass&nlting; or doing anything to Armstrong ?—He was trying to get away .from Armstrong. How old fa your boy now?—He was 18 years old on the fith of this month. The first allegation about yonr aon is that in -the- Mentone Handicap in January, .1692,. he, riding Steeltrap, un fairly jostled Lewis, who was riding The Doctor?—I remember the race. I was interested in the race, and watched it. Did you see your son jostle Lewis?—I aid .not Now we come to February, 1893, the Alma Stakes at Canlfield. Did you see your son ! hit Power on the hand with a whip?—I did not eee him do so. I questioned him about] the racenfterwards. Will you kindly tell us what did happen ? Projectile led into the Btraight, and up the straight Somniloquist caught him about half distance. Patron came five or six lengths behind. My boy was riding very bard up the straight, and, within five or six lengths from the post, he caught on to them, and there .was a set-to between the three of them. Patron got home bv a short head. Wc have heard-that Patron swerved some-1 what going through "the straight. Did your boy in any way pull the horse .?—No, not that | I could see. I was standing on the terrace, about 40 yards from the winning-post. Did you hear any cries of "protest"?—I ] did not. On the same day the Oakleigh Handicap was run, in which yonr son is alleged to bave interfered with Premier?—1 was stand-! ing on the temce. ' Gladstone, on which my eon was riding, led into-the straight by about two lengths. About the half-distance post Premier was coming up on the rails, and, from where I was standing, he seemed to get behind Gladstone's quarters. Then Autonomy was on the outside of Gladstone, and Lord Hopetonn -came np on the outside of Auto-, xiomy, and from that jtlie race seemed to be' -won by Lord Hopetonn, who won easily by a. couple of lengths, I think. : Is it true yonr son pulled or drew in Glad-' stone?—1 did not uqtioe him pulling the] poise in. i Now we come to Baltic's performance" in. the two-year-old yace at Epsom on October 4th, 1892 ?—'I rem'etmber that race. •," ! What did you back?—I backed Baltic^' putting £25,ou him. . j In your opinion, was . he ridden fairly out, or was be In anyway palled?—I think be was ridden fairly out, and was beaten by a superior horse to himself—Mucklebar. . Now Scott says that in order to please your Bon be misinformed you about Baltic, and got you to back ^aitic? Is that true ? Was it not on Scott's information yon backed the horse?—Yea. He told me my boy was on the hone. Brewer .was present I said to Scbtt, " Shall I put a couple of pounds on tbiaitorse2" ,.He saidt "Yes, my money is on." I put £8 on the horse and lost it Do yon remember In September, 1893, Baltic running at Moonee Valley ?—I do. . Was the horse In ypur opinion run fairly out At Moonee.. Vpll^y 7—Yes; he Jrtm a good third, • . • — , With reganLiothe running of Timotheus at Epsom. 'D6 ■ jroa know' ibat horse Timotheua ?—L HO. He wis a very pild !' How did.^ ? —Yery wJlcL He would stand off them, run down, ana jumpsideways. ' ... ' i. As to the allegation that he interfered Fith C. Lewis on DlvtaionJh*I know nothing about that Do you remember a horse called Stone broke 7—1 do remember his being ridden by at AflpendaJe-pprk In a race wbicb .won. J Were you backing any liorse in that race? ] —No. 1 Did you watch the raoe?—I did. Did you observe any indication of Stone broke being pulled*—No. I thohght he rode the most rigorous race I ever saw him ride. Bridegroom was the first over the last* fence, and Stonebroke about two lengths behind. As soon as he got over on Stone-' broke he sat down and rode the horse out Both the horses', sides were bleeding from the spurs when he finished. Cross-examined by Mr. Mitchell. I presume you do not accompany your eon | to Melbourne at night!—No. You cannot say what company he keptl there?—No. I presume he did not ask your permission to go?—He would generally say he was going to town. . But he did not ask your leave as a son of 15 or 16 shonld ?—No, he did not ask leave. You consider him a decent reputable lad ?— I do. - • - ' Nothing that you have heard in that box has changed yonr opinion ?—No. Nothing that he nad admitted ?—No. You have heard what he admitted as to his] places of resort ?—I did. , And you still think he is a decent lad ?— Yes. Then you think a boy of 15 or 16 should have every license?—No; nor a boy of 20 or 25 for that matter. . You say you backed Anster at this race at. Moonee Vail ey?—Yea ; I put.£2 on Auster and £8 on Baltic. . .You thought Baltic had a good Bhow ojf winning?—I did. 1 can't-afford to throw any money away. Did you hear your son say he told Scott the horse had a had cold and it was not worthwhile to run him?—1 did not bear that Is it true ?—If he 6aid it is true it is true. Then anything he says may be relied on ?-r J Yes. The horse had a cold. What, a )>ad one?—Yes. So bad that he still had a good show of winning your bet of £8 ?—Yes. Is it your habit to back a horse that has a bad cold?—I do not back other people's horses unless I know something about them. You have heard no doubt about this assault at old Webster's house ?—Yes., When did you first hear of it ?—At 2 o'clock the night it was committed^ How did you hear of it ?—Two constables came to my place looking for Jimmy. Was your 6on there?—Yes ; he was sleep ing in bed. Did you put your head out of the window and say he was not there?—Yes; I did. I asked what he wa9 wanted for, and they wonld not tell me, so I said he was gone to Flemington to ride a horse. Well, that was untrue?—It was untrue. Did the constables not say lie had been mixed up in an assault case ?—No. They said they wanted him. As they were going away Constable Hudson said:—" I am sorry he is not-there." I asked what for, and he said " Because Jimmy and Borne other jockeys have nearly killed Webster's father." I said " In that case he is asleep in bed." I then produced him at the window to Constable Hudson. You 6ay that Baltic was not much of a horse ?—He was not worth £5. Who owned him at the time of this race at Moonee Valley !—I think Scott. • - Your son and Scott were intimate friends? —Yes, I think so. -* - -Was there a horse called Light Artillery behind him in that race ?—No. It was-a two-year-old race. Light Artillery was not in iti • ■ - Will yon be surprised to hear that Light Artillery ran in that race and carried 41b. less than-Baltic and did notget a place?—No, I wouldnot be surprised at that... I have seen • Carnage beaten easily. But a horse not worth £5 would scarcely beat a horse like that?—'There is a difference in horses.' Some can only rati for three fur longs. JOSEPH GRIFFIN'S EVIDENCE. Joseph Griffin, horse trainer, was examined by Mr. .Leon. He said,—I was present on November 12, 1892, at Caulfield, when the Victorian Club Cup was run. I watched the race. I remember the plaintiff riding Lord. Hopetoun. I remember The Magistrate. . 1. was not in a position to. see whether-the plaintiff caught hold of The Magistrate's bridle. I could not see whether such a tiring was likely to take place. Before the race 1i had given Hayes certain instructions about the horse. Lord Hopetoan was a terrible rogue, and I told Hayes to give him a biding at the post. I saw the start of the race. Hayes gave the horse a hiding before the flag I dropped. He hit him ronnd the belly. When; the horse came in I Baw liim. There were ] marks where Hayes had flogged him round j the bead, and closed one of his eyes up. Blows like that wonld be necessary to keep a horse in, and would have that effect I spoke to Hayes about it in the jockey-room. He made an answer to what I said to him. The horse was beaten on the whip-liand side. I don't think think that the torn in the nice is a bad one. The Chief Jcstice.—J is not connected with the turn at alb Witness Continued.—! recollect the Ahna - Stakes on February 125, 1893. I Was in a posi tion to see, and did see theilnish of the race.i It was' between" three horses,' Projectile, • Somnilpqtust, and Patron, projectile was next to the rails, Sotbnhoquist next him, and Patron on the outside.. I first noticed them single bat about .100yards frppi* home. Pro- '■ jectile and Spmniloqttist were' fighting it out,' and Patron was. about balf-a-length behind < on. the outside. I saw Hayes ait.down on his librae and start to ride . Him ypry hard. Close on to the winning-post Hayes's horse started to roll, and bumped into Somjuloquist.' Hayes won the, race by abant a head.Itwaa a Very bird ruff race at the finish. Patron seemed to race very straight until close to the finish, and. then started to yolb The hone was' distressed,' and' the rolling was not produced by Hayes's riding. The bumping into Somniloquisj; so for as I could see, was purely an accident In hard run races it is a usual thing for horses to roll in the manner stated. This was one of the occurrences in which a' distressed horse rolls. On the same, day I saw the Oakleigb Plate ran. The plaintiff rode Gladstone, in the raoe, and young .Dawes, rode Premier. I watched the horseftas .they rounded the torn.', Gladstone Was then, in j$e front, pretty close .to the tails.'' Premier wasoh1 the rsiU. juat belundhira, and Autonomy was jastbehind Gladstone, who seemed like going"to win at the distaacfe. About 170 yard* from the post Premier tried to come up oh the inside, Hayes was riding his horde very bard, and rolled on to him. Premier got hp to lust abont Gladstone's Quarters, 1 was watching Hayes's riding. He Was riding the horse very hard when the tolling took place. Uladstone Was all out so far as I c6utd ■ See. The to-; •nit of his coiling - was that PmBjter dropped. out of .it Hayes did not poll the horse oy<?t 'au to Premier. I mw the finish of the rkce. About 100 yards from oohieLofd Bopctonn came on the outside, and tw*e looked dier his-shoulder at him. The other horse won easily. I did not notice. Gladstone when he came in. I backed Premier in the race for a couple of poondi 1 have seen a horse called Timothens on the use. He was a very fractions brute, i racecourse. He was a very . , Was up againstlbe judge's box at the finish of the Alma Stakes. I heard no ones of " protest" ■ In the excitement of a race-like that I tnight easily hot notice them. * *now three horses called respectively Baltic, and Mucklebar. As a two-year-old 1 Anster, . should think Auster would be the best horse, and Mutiklebar'the next I don't tbthfc Baltic' much good. Either Anster or Mucklebar would, I think, beat him at any time. Cross-examined by Mr. Pcrves.—Who is the best judge of the. value of Baltic—you or. Hayes!—I should think Hayes. If. My. Hayes • thought Baltic good enough-, to back against. Anster arc you going to ven ture the opinion that he waa not?—I was asked to give my opinion. Why, before yon came here,you were asked to give yonr opinion !—Yes. ' ^ - And you gave it, ao.that all that thinking' of yopra in the box was labour in vain?— No, I like to think before I speak. May.I ask yrm-who owned Lord.Hopetoun' when this boy Hayes rode him for yon ?•—Mr. Summers. •. . The - bookmaker? —He .is not. a book- ] maker. . >'• -Was he a bookmaker ■?— I believe, he was. \- Don't. you know he was—as long as he could ?—I don't know. • -• : _ What other horses had you in the stable at. the time.. For-.whom were you : training except Summers ?—I had one home, bbt I don't know jvh© owned him at the time.' ' ^ What was the name?—A-man named Levy once owned the horse. What was the horse'sjiame ?—Sardo. And you don't know who was your employer?—I can't tell. = You come here to contradict respectable people as to certain facts. To whoavdid you look for payment in Sarflo's case?—I owned him myself once To whom did you look for payment?—Mr. Allen owned the horse. What Allen—Barney Allen ?—Yes; Barney Allen. (Laughter). Oh, I see. Who was the Levy ?—The poor fellow is in the asylum now. - 1 These are the same people that were dis: qualified for malpractice with regard to Islander ?—Yes. At this Oakleigh Plate, when you say yon had £2on Premier, yon had ahorse running in the race ?—Yes. Was your horse on the job ?—He was. And yon were surprised to see him win ?— I-was. Did you liack him in any race after?—In the Newmarket Handicap. You thought him good enough to win the Newmarket Handicap and not good enough to win the Oakleigh Plate ? How much did you pat on him in the Newmarket Handicap? —£5. How much did Summers pnt on him)—I have no idea. What did he lay yon to nothing ?—£1,000. Then he muat have backed him for a fair stake ?—Yea. How long was the Oakleigh Plate before the Newmarket?—About a week, I think. When didSutmners back him?—He backed him after he won at Caulfiejd. You had £5 with Summers?—Yes. He waa entered for the Newmarket. What was the amount of entry?—I think £25. ■ - 7' ■ ' - And you say he wasBuch'abad horse that ytiu wouldn't back hinr a week before forthe Oakleigh Plate!—Mr. "Pnrvea, thi9 hofse ran four days before he won the Oakleigh Plate and ran 150yards absolutely last. I can quite understand it. (Laughter.) Is that any argument?—Youknow theboree as well as I do. Mr. Purvoa. I believe I do, and better. Don't you ask my opinion. You say the horse was good enough to enter for the Newmarket Handicap with £25 sweepstakes and to back for ah enormous amount, but not good enough to put a shilling on in the Oakleigh Plate ?—He was gtibd enough to win a Melbourne Cup. 1 And so yon let "him go in the Oakleigh Plate without ashilling on liim/and backed Premier !—Because he ran 150 yards last four days before. What waa your reason for backing Premier ? —I thought he would win. You are a pretty good judge ?—Oh, fairly. Do you think Jimmy Hdyes is a pretty good judge?—I don't know—he is a good horse man. Don't yon think he thought Premier likely to win ?—I don't kiiow. Would you alter your opinion if you thought Premier good enough to win and saw him blocked by Hayes. Wouldn't you suppose that Premier had Gladstone beaten at that time?—I don't know. Do you think somebody might try to block him ?—They might. Would yon like a billet as a press reporter? —I would not fancy it. Yon seem to have a wonderful faculty for observing Hayes in the races and the horses he rides ?—No, Was he the only one you looked at in this race?—I had put piy money on the race. What did you back ih the Alma Stakes?— j Projectile, fox a coaple of soVa. . • Don't you think • it a curious coinci dence thpt in two races on the same day the aamelad should ride two horses which-' rolled, through distress ?-^No. Can you tell the jury any other horse on that day that rolled ?^—No, I can't. . . . . Then how did yon come to see in this race that the horse rolled ?—Because 1 saw Hayes riding hard, and 1 noticed Hayes looking round when Lord Hopetoun came. ; ' He looked round over his shoulder. Did he wink ? (Laughter.)—j don't know. \- Then lie had knocked out Premier before ? —It happened before Lord Hopetouu name. As the raoe stood Gladstone would have won. ■ ■ Can an onlooker tell when a boy pulls a horse ?—Some judges oould. Could you tell when a boy deliberately ?—I believe I could. ■ ■ makes a horse swerve ? Then it would hot be only the hloke'on top, as a certain pereon says?—I think Bn onlooker wou}d have" as good a chance of aeeingfu the rider. You said that when Patron swerved on fo the-rail there- Was room for two horses be tween him and SomnHoqnist?—Yes. ? What was the ' distance?—About fiftor 10ft .. .... • "If it were said by- experienced people that there wot wo sign*i of distress, and that the horse Went straight, - would you differ jo opinion I—I-.use toy own judgment Isaw the horse afterwardsgoing through the bird ^ie-examined by Mr. Leon.—Patron closed in aft. or 10ft in the last 20 yards. Some evidenoe was given by Samuel Some evidenoe was riven by Samuel M'Csalel and Thomas Haves, publican, re specttagaoBtobettingouBalUc, . A TURF EXPERT. | William Lang, examined by fcfr. Lsoxr, said, —I have been concerned inhorae-ncing for the lait S3 years. 1 sate Jatoet Hayea riding in the Alma Stakes at Caulfield. I saw the finish as I stood near thejudge*e-box on thfc lawn. Isaw.tbe last 30 yards of the race. I thought Patron just won. Three horses were cloee together at the finish. I do not recol lect the name of the second. It belonged to Lloyd." Mr. 1*ok.—Was it. Somniioqnist ?—Yea, thatisthename. • Did yon notice the condition of Patron at the time 1—Tea. Hayea was riding him ont at the finish. • Did yon see him do anything !—I saw him roll at the finish. Was that roll the result of anything Hayes himself did?—No. , ... ,. What would you say w»e the canse of it?— Perhaps he was getting tired. Was there anything to indicate that Hayes pulled him over 90 to Somniioqnist?—No. Yon saw the Bay view Handicap ran at ^finiaiustown when Hayes rode Arquebus?— Yes. There is a pretty sharp turn there and Jioraes very often run wide. Arquebus seemed to be hanging out thdre." .. Was that the result of the horse being - brought but by. the jockey ?—No. The horse seemed- tor be boring out. The horse prior wos on the outside of him. Wasthat your horse?—I owned him, but 'bad leased him. FI still'had a half- Share. Did yon- see any reason for complaint about Hayea forinterfering with Prior?— NO."- -- I j 'Has Hnyhd ridden for you^-Yes, fiveof six times. " . . . ■ Cross-examined by' Mr. P'crvbs.—Where were yoHBtanding at Williamstown?—On. the lawn. • " How far from the turn ?—Abhut 200 or 306 yards. * * Were yon using glasses or your natural sight-?—My natural sight. How far-is the lawn from the turn?—I have told you that before, 200 or 300 yards." ' That is not an answer for me. You have' been at this game for 50 years ?—1 have run a good many horses. I have run more than you have. - ■ a Mr. Pdbves.— Oh, 1 dare say—— The Witness.—You have owned horses too —(laughter)—and I have ridden for you. (Laughter.! Mr Pcbves.—■Yes, 1 know yon have. How did you manage to lose that race? (Laughter.) I never could make that out ? The Witness.—! did not lose that one. I won. (Laughter.) Mr. Pcbyes,—No, that was for my father. The Witness.—I rode for him, and he was to make me a present, but he never did. (Laughter.) lie did not tell yon that yon deliberately palled the horse ?—No. I think he did. That is what yonr " pre sent " comes to. Now, let us take another matter. Did you ever own Flying Jib?— Yea. Were you ever disqualified about him ?—I was not Were you disqualified at any time ?—I was disqualified once.: - What for?—For entering a protest against George Watson detrimental to his charac ter. Then yon made an assertion that was not true?—It was true, and I afterwards proved, it How. long were you disqualified Twelvemonths. J Did anything happen to you with regardto Flying Jib?—1 afterwards prpvfid ■ ■ " Didanythfnghappen to you wilhregard to Flying" Jib?—1 afterwardaptotedmy protest that George Watson entered a hotse as A' maiden that * had wbh three races in Tas manta. - -w ' ' ' ' '' ' That was a swindle, then ?—Yes. ■ I proved to the -satisfaction of the stewards that it was, and George Watson had to give up the stakes. And your disqualification was removed?— Yes. After an action in the Supreme Court. • - ■Did you ever own Flying Jib ?—Yes. Did anything happen in regard to that horse ?—He ran against a post and dislocated his shoulder. (Laughter.) That is very clever of you. ' I want to show what Lang is capable of. Did nothing happen detrimental to your character?— No.' Did anything happen to Nimblefoot in the Adelaide Cup?—Nothing happened to him. He ran hard for it With the reins held?—With the reins held. Did you know a mare named Opera? Did anything happen to that mare?—My son owned Opera. You had nothing to do with her ?—No, Nothing whatever?—No. Yon can stand there and swear that you knew nothing about that mare when your son had her?—I had no control over her. Were you ever at Gisborae?—About thirty years ago. That was the time I told you about George Watson. You see peoplewill. have their opinions even about you. They bad opinions aboutthe running of Nimblefoot in the Adelaide Cup? —Yee , ' Thejy thought you did not ride, to win J— Well, they made a mistake. The ~Aue traLaaian said the horse did notr-un pAhia; merits, arid I challenged " Augur''* hbout'it. Before the race he tolameth active horseway aure to.win, and I toldbim that I did not like the ground, arm that he had bettor put afiver on Dolphin, and Dolphin won.. Next day the Kround had dried « great deal; and -Nimble foot won the Plate. . ' Mri PcfivxS.'—Yes, Ih a walk. The Witness.—Then " Augur" Mid that Dolphin did Pot ran on bis merits. I wrote a letter contradicting him, which appeared jp The Auttrakaian, .and Augur" answered it. After that I wrote .again till the Editor would not publish joy letters. Gome,have yourundown yet? What about Opera?—The.Opera is over. (Laughter.): 1 suppose there is a great deal of difference between the old-time jockey apd the modern brie?—They know a gfeat "deal more now, like you. do. - (Laughter.) • Isee that in the Adelaide Cup I-was speak ing of Fiigate's Dolphin ran first and Nimble foot fourth?—Yes. But you w<m the UK* pcxt, day ?-I must tellyou that topr* ma 131b, difference In toe 'weights and a mile further. . .. . Now, as an -experienced joekey.wbo has been unfortunate enpugh to he soapectedof riding improperly, can you say wlib ie th$ toe jpcbpr. or the tfg^yfcen there is anything supicioupT^-I should nay the jookcy. . ■ c.t 7 - ;v \- Then if a jockey give* en account there is an end of it?—A jockey oan Aiwaystell be* fore he comes to. toewhwing-bpst whether he has a chance or not and u hq baa no chance it would beioollsbof him to sit down and chop his horse about You only saw the last 00 yards of the nee that Patron won. Did Patron touch Som< 1 mloquist?—I could dot see. -. Yon did not see any btamp or jostle?—I saw the hone toll over wliktls at the finish. Would yon lika ma to read this action of man against AOstin and others ?—You can tesd.it u you.likf. To Mr. Lbon.—The Kimblefoot tace took place 20 yean ago. It la absolutely untrue that- I puHed the horeeinatiyj^art of the noa. - . OTHER "WITNESSES. IkliiardlWiilbal.Fotfraiidy .CKho backed Baltic for £15, and Henry P. Sutton, secretary of the .Willtamstown .Raring -Club, were briefly examined. Mr. Sutton believed that abadturt' in the comae wks-the -cause of Hayes ruhning oat with Arfoebna, bat he sairtbe affair From 300 yards'distance. Henry Yeend, a trainer of racehorses of eeveral y^experieoce, examined by M? Dotty, said,—I hnvealso ridden honn ££ vvk •, <wui—x lui.cninj ciuuen noises my. self.' I rememberthe85thFebmary, 1898,at Canlfield. I aaw Somniloquist aha Projectile finishing, ...and I thought the-mare was winning until I. sawPatron toft, the outside. He was being vigorously ridden,-and was rolling about, and he-bnmped-op against the mate. Patron got home by a hewl T thought the mare had frdn.- .. Was that bump , caused onpnrooee or by accident 1—I think, by accident, • 1- thought so at the timet and) I ihinkr-ao now. All three of them were'pretty well ridden out What bone were yon backing T—I don't usually back horsey, .but 'I haq.'a'-someign, to the best of my .iecollectioh, im the mare. 1 lost my money. .» Did you hear cries of P Protest*—! cannot aay I did. •= - • >•« - • - Cross-examined by Mr. -PduvBs.'—In your opinion did Patron prevent" Somnilo quist f^m ^ yigqingl-^Hje.- did. not im prove hec'.chance or -either. No doubt he interfered with her.. When I first saw Patron he was rolling about completely -beaten. - Patron rolled on,V> tl?e mare as he went paak.<„ . . i-v . ■ Do you. Bay Patron-.was beaten CO yards from tbe.post ?—He >as- very--much dis tressed. Do yon think Thomas Payten aa good a judge as you as tq the condition of horses ?— Very much better. " - - ' 1 ' And if Mr. Payten asys the hcrse was running straight and strong T—I should say it wbs untrue^ • Was Patron more distressed than the others 1—1 cannot answer that question. Thomas M'Guinness, carpenter, testified that he did hot .think, the Gladstone and Premier collision was intentional. He said he was in the habit of goihgSto Hayes's Hotel, working tor the family, and getting tips from the jockey. . Frank Mosgrave, trainer of Timothens, said he saw no interference by'that horse with Victim.. - The horse ran wild. Robert Woodford Eraser, examined by Mr. Leon, said,—I am a racehorse owner and a turf commission agent of 17 years' experience of the turf. I saw Premier stop suddenly in the race for the Oskleigh Plate, after trying to come up on the inside of Gladstone. I fancy it was becanseQiadstone rolled on him. I think it was the result' of an accident I do not think there was room for Premier to get through, It ip « qsqsl thing for horses to toll at the end of a race from'distress. Cross-examined by Mr. Pdbvbs. ' - Another term for a tort commission agent ■iXabfettiftgman?—Yes.'' ' ' Where do you bet?—Sometimes outside and aometimeslnaide. .... \- . Have you a license?—No. - Then bow do yon bet inside tire .enclosure when' yon have4 sot a lioehse ?—1 merely ex&htct;^thiksioria. - V What horses, do ^ypnowri ?—I a was part owner of partner AhdQqery.'and I own l*rdyl)kray. .. <)b, you own. Lardy Dardy. He ran at -Cranboume once, dld'he not?—Yea. *■ ' Wag thtte a horse. calledLucius there ?~ Yet r- • ' ; ;V''Fr/ >• .Wh'd owned him ?—I think HayeS owned him. .. - • ' Do von mean old Mr.' Hayes?—Yes, And- Jimmy Hayes rode your horse?-* Yea... Against his father's hone ?—Yes. And his father's horse won?—Yes. Your bone was the favourite?—No. What were the odds against him ?—I don't know. Gome sir,' as a tnrf.agent it fe your business to know' the odds. Did you back him ?—Yes, I put £15 on him. Who with ?—1 do not remember. Did you give anyone £5 in connection with that race ?-?No. Harry Haines, traiqer, .was examined by Mr. Leon. He aaid,—I sew Baltic run at Epsom when James Hayes was riding him. I backed Baltic for the .mo? with Mucklebar. I saw the race ran. In my opinion Baltic was ridden right out He hadn't the ghost of a show. Mucklebar won in a canter—it was practically no race. 1 am satisfied that I had a good ran for my money. I saw the Oak leigh Plate ran at Caultield. Plaintiff was riding Gladstone. I recollect seeing Premier, but I took no notice of him*. I was at this end of the lawn. .... * Cross-examined by Mr. Purvks.—I did not hear a universal shout of "Oh!'' when Premier was stopped, nor did I -hear an outcry after Premier's race, I did not bet on Baltic's raoe. Henry Connolly, trainer, examined by Mr. Dotty, jBaidi—I knew Timothens, who was a very-wild jumper.- I have seen him on the irainuig ground, hntnotfo a ipce- , . ; hfr. PPBVE8.—Wfu> would knot? best, the mad who .rode the horse, or .tba.ipon who looks at Sim?—'Veiy-likely the man who fode.iti - '■ — , Isappose -Hayes U 'a Very • good. """ -— Yes. Hffhastveyy xaofi baoda. Timotheus Hoighlf. Pearson, examined by Mr. Dvrrr, saidI,-*a a jockey of lOyraiu* experience. I have ridden Timothens both in the training yacaand oxerthejuaips. -Heisan excited, mad-headed brqfo. On one day ftt Sundown, whehT was riding him, It took two men to held him. ■ By llr. PuBVEa.—I rods Timotheus with the ordinary snaffle bit. fCbntinviei on Pope 