MY OLD DEAR. The farm was chronde-d in-November twi jigit and hac l forlorn sir, buh; this wvas by no '.eans an air of unthrift or neglect. A tyrical Ohio farim-hlause of thb better sort, with evergreen crew~ed front yard and o0t buildkga stretciing away from the rear, dimly outlined itself against a hilly back grouni. Thie hired man came from the harayard with two frr-thl;ing pails of mirk, and was met at the side doorstep by a stranger who had laboured with the fronr.t knscker in vain. "Good evening." said the stranger. " Howdy-do ?" rS'ponde.l the hired man. "LDoes Mr. John Thaomsa live her !" -" Yes, sir." "Is hd at home !" " LHe can't very well be anywhere else," ro plied the hired san sith an explanatory grin. " He's been helpleso since a year ago last A?ugumst, and cant go nowhere unlees he's carried 0ut. I 'tend to the businoaes of the faern for the oid folks." " My suaines; is with him, not with the fearm," said the stranger. " Step rightil i:slo rthe house, then," invited the hired mnan, himself leading the wsay with his pails cf milk. "Aunt Susan," he an nounced in thile [aniliar tone of one who feel, the deler.ience of hi- employere, "'here' .a genticuran t. see uncle. The clean klic!lcn, i.rigit ciith lamplight, ane pre,,ratisns far a c3ountrv supper. held nothing else as lcr!ateuing as the old woman who turned trers t er coioking-range. iHer rippile. cf gre" anr- aubairll hair, patient blue eyer, and trif active i0gure, won the ysoung mnan,, tiough he tried to regard her with cal:ous i:diQl.'rence. Sile took him rinto an inner room where a table was 3 - el at the elbow of an ohl man proppicd s anu cr.-c-hair. I wsasa corfrort able ro:o-, fi'll -.fp.leasnt living, and signs of such opulence as an aged agricultural couIt!e eegiit eare for. - On thie mantell o;er the !-, fire sreld adeliberate c)ock and two vases of those mummiess known as wrintlr bonuqats. Lu.cked ii.the.alm:of ! paralysis,, the use less farmir minetand reisted that z approach ing s:tranger a gaze. A -A ump burned in the nmild!e of the table. ~It shloed every cast iron line uf tl~e;inalid'l grizzled face. His weakness becale on .sudden his strength. He took refIue in.it.,and covered himself with it from the vengeance he recognised coming but of the past in search of him. " Deiar, here's somebody come to see you, said the old wife, bestowing this delight upon her husband and a chair upon the strangier. "'The neighbours have all been do gooal but it isn't often we have a stranger to our house now. I think it's so much better fo?rDear to see folks," she confided to the young man, "than to sit alone in his affliction." Her caller stood by thehearth, declining a seat, and hclding his hat. He was a hale, blonde man, carrying with him the air of the busy world. Success had already set confi dence in his farce. He was a power confront ing that wrecked old man, for whom he could feel no more pity than one gives a badly crushed snaske. " We don't eat in the kitchen since Dear had his stroke," apologised the old wife, her min hall lilngering with her dishes on the range. "Its handiur for him to have the tasie here. I'll bring them right in, and you'il sit by and take supper with us." "No thanks." Th- sisanger took a paper from his breast pocket and unfolded it. " My business is brief. I came tohand this docu mnent, copied f-om one I retain, to Mr. John Thomas." " Ifit's a note or deed," said tie wife, I'll read it to imi. Dear can't hold anything in his hands now." She sook her spectacles from s work basket, and coughed and reached for the paper. The young man put it behind him with a flashing action of the muscles surprising to himself. The firelight made her mild spgec tcales glare. " This is a business matter," he apologised, blushing. The old man sat like a sphinx, and left his innocent and tender guardi,.n to encounter his fate. \V Well, imaybe you would rather read it to Dear yourself," she suggested. "I would, if he must have it read to him." "-'Are you a laswyer?" she inquired timidly. "Iam. Perhaps I forgot to mention that my name is Eugene Laplace." "Seems to me I have heard the name iumewhere." " Your husband has. It is a name he knew well t-wenty years ago in the West. iMy father was hi partner." "There, now. Dear," cried the lovely old woman, "company has been sent to us for this Thank':iving ! I knew we wou!ln't have to sit d'wn :to our turkey by ourselves, if weare a lone couple. You'll take supper, of course. And ;-iher? is your hoise?" " I walked here i'om the hotel in your little town," explained the young man. "It isn't far." "Dear won'thave the son of his old part nor slop at any tavern," she remonstrated. ' We can send the hired man for yeur things, and you'll stay right where you are. Beds ain't so scarce in this house tLat a fhiend's child c.n't sit down and stay." Tihe young man folded his paper and put it back in his pocket. ' I will call again," he said, in a blunder i:ig manner unusual to him, and his anxIous hgbfess, reeing that he desired to get out, in dia-.ed the front entrance, and mindful of dignity, conducted him herself into the chill hail. She shut the sitting room door and leaned against apaiel, her figure colIapsing downwvrd. A "an-light, shaded by green paper, threw ghost-Hlines on her face in the dark. Upsasirs the wind had found some crack through which it uttered a mournful cryj Laplace stood still, feeling that he coulod no- open the front door and escape, leaving the ss;et old woman sobbing. ' I don't often break down so," she said, clear;ng her face with her apron. "It was thinking how different you see Dearfrom the way your father saw him. iHe was such a a fine figure, and so respected. They made hibm Justice of the Peace, and he coulW have been elected County-Itecorder--and there he has to sit before folks nows- like a duammy. O my Desr-my poor old Dear I" "Don't cry,'rsaid Laplace, hoarsely, from his throat. "LMy mother used to cry like that, after my father died." "Is she ivirg?" . No. "She also died whsn I was a child." "'You would be such a comfort to her. Our boy would have been aman grown, and how I could depend on him now I I thought that was trouble-to hive his little face nDailed up from my tight. But when Dear wsa struck doen and made a living corpse"--she covered her fate with her hand s&a; aheek. .....ev.,mo Oas nare to take' en, and ay viatica on the stor and 'Dear needofg ne. I csme out to urge you'll take ?'uroi linner here to -s.rroro. You unoW..Dear an' t peak. I ,:. to be nice for th:n. eo an". in-'itie lis fri- nla, no matter hIow much te w.;ntrt Cm \e s;'ld .akeL it 'a kind." "If I carn," promisid the young man, dles er~stely, "I wi!l come." "Dear will in'oy- i' so much. Ht used to te tohe prettiest -iler ! ile cou 's argue down anybody in a controversy. I always have this to comfort ,Cc-!there never was a man of more upright character !hac he was before the atfflictions. H lived without a blemish." " But you will spoil hi., with indulgenci now," said the lawyer, tryig tlo smile. Her sincere and auxious face received th guggestion. "Yes, he's a. husband and bably both to me now. If he was of a rice to bundle nl and carry around, it would etes my feelings What was the paper-you wanted to read to him ? If you l.aveit with me, I can read it when I'mn reading him an evening chapter." "It can wai-it- doeen't mo;ter," said Laplace, opcuing the front door. "There's some promise of snow to-night." "Yes, and you better turn your collar up around yo:ur: ears. Corme early to-morrow. We can't get out t. the preaching" Perpletxi deepedsd in the young man's faesas !I, trudged into the town, and con tinued to deepen astes hI had shut himself in his cha:s:,cr of the rural inn. A box stovw with its let;igth of red-hot -pipeand a stooping ceiling bhu::dcd his retlessi st iding. A Goarse, hotme-,?adeo c:rpet failed to mule his steps. A ketoseno lamp revealed hlil' withi his hair over his face gnawing hit moustache. "I'm not a fool," he said aloud. " I'm not going to have jIslice knocked off tbo track by a lIttle sintinient. My miother suffered from the act of that old rascal. My father died ci It. I goe' up in poverty that he csade. I could ha;e read the accusation straiht! out to hii old imnage-his condition dcesn': touch me a bit: oBut he haso that woman set up in front of him; I have to pierce throughs her to get at the old thief. lijs past blameless life is her comfort now ! \Yhat soaid she do if she saw this?" Taking Lrc? his breast an old paper, hav in; a broken r.d wafer on parts where it had "een joiued, he lighted and chewed a cigar, mnd oat down nearer the lamp. This docu nent was the original of the paper he had ettempted to dAiver. It was a statement node by Laplace's father just before death, nd had been sealed up against the boy's wenty-f1ith year. It specified how many lead of cattle John Thomas had robbed his ick partner of, how many thousands of dol ars not his own he had absconded with; it :ontained aRidavits of witnesses, and indi Bated the part of the country from which John Thomas had come, and from which hi movements might be traced after the lapse Sf years. The young lawyer had identified his man. ie had the spoiler of his father's fortune, the oppressor of his mother and his child hood, where he could blast the man's repu tation and strip him of all he owned. Ide rose up and walked the room again, while his watch ticked the hours. Suddenly, after nidniught, he opened the store and dropped both watered document and copy in. They flared up and turned to ghostly parchment, showing written char ncters for a moment, and then melting down and becoming nothing. He replaced the stave lid and threw his arms wide. " I won't take revenge on any woman. My father never meant it that way. Mpy mother and my w4i would think me less a man if I tookmy r.ghts through the anguish of an innocent creature like that one. I'm young, I can work for my family. The Lord Almighty may punish old Dear, and I'll do wiith ct my money." Upen that he went to bed, and slept the a .cp which hIardship teaches to her nurse iing.?, until the landlord pounded at his door about dawn. " What's safire " asked Laplace, sitting up in the nipping air. "Thomas's hired man's come after you," said the muffled voice of the landlord, "to take you out to their place." "'i'm not going out to their place," re eponded the youeg man. " I'm going on th' first train. Yon tLi' him to :ell MIrs. Thomas I have an engagement. I can't take dinner with her to-day." "I guess you'll have to go," urged the landlord. "Tite old fellow's had anothes stroke, and he's dead." The hired man. waiting solemnly with a deniocrat waggon and brisk team, informed Laplace that the undertaker had already gone out, and the house was full of neigh bours. They spun along the frosty road, winter twilight still holding the woods end fields under its pall. The young man did not know what was ex pected of him or how to behave. but as he entered the house and the weeping woman came to meet him, he took her in his arms. He comforted her as if she had been his mother. "Oh ! how blessed it is to have you here," said the trembling creature, "and it's been a comfort to me every time I thought of it, this awful night. My head is so poor it never came into my mind last night that you were the heir. And Dear, he couldn't speak. I have my dower all fixed, but Dear ex plained it to me long ago that he had deal ings with your father that made him want to leave his proper!y that way, seeing we Lad no children.- Y?ou onghtto have spoke out plainer. And your name-I knewrit was in ti~ ill-bot It forgot. And now he's gone from us J! he best husband and most up right man thst ever lived !" When she could control her-weeping, she took Laplace into the awful sanctum, and showed him what wass yet her most precious possession. He looked at the grizzled face whlich had settled all scores .itlh home, and hped doi cerely that the sapirit of John Thdmas would receive forgiveness from his Maker. Blu" he prayed for hlimealf that if he should ever be stretched dead before the woman he loved. she might believe in him with better beliei. might stroke.his hair and adore him with her eyes, and say over and over and oce again-" My Dear! My own sainted Dear!" -F-Mary Hartlrell Calthcrwcood. Tepid water is preferable for bathing in during every season of the year. Milk bat' - have been in favour from time inmmemorable. and nothing is better than a daily hot b.:n of milk. Waiter (very gravely): "I hope, air, y, - remember the waiter." Customer (cookh \- I havs a looket. Give me a Iock of re hair." 