A GLAKCE AT THE AJC. WEIGHTS. Br Rtssuzns. ; Hsjp-ify had the certain' rcHg rl^srn on th»* s V.K.C. Aa;o0.n Mreung than Mr. J- A. Seirr ! issaed ih#- veiztitz for the Ifoncaset^r Handi cap and the J-'ydnfy Cop, the tiro principal . events to Im deci-i'-d at llandwlck at Easu-r tide roder the auspices of the Anstniir.n > Jo*:iey CIcIj, which Soks l:ke having a mo*t £Bcoess?oI m?eT;njr. Singu!ar!y etion^h the : han<Iicapj)?r has began Iwrfi new r.S VHU, i Titan, . ho has *re!l earned his right to the j title and a!sttncti>>n, holding the place of ! honour in the Doncaster Hnn<lk- ap. Carry ing Ost. 1 lib. he vrm the V.ILC. Fares'1!I i Handicap in the si} Is d a great racehorse, | after having beaten Fortunatas sivi Hova i earlier in the day, and there is no tellm? ; what he may cot be capal/.e of. Bnxi: ; 5e':^h has proualdy Tiot recovered his i spring form, cr he wouM fce dan^rocs. j and although Messrs. Lonz and I'i!l srf represented Marvel, Shamrock, G'.tma; -Salutation, Gerarl, Barton. Patrones, kc., I doubt if any of them posse® the necesstry qualiScalions, unless Patron's sister (i'at ton fife} shouM torn oot as good as rumour says she is. l."tter and All Sorts are both very much improved, and with all her weight I have a sneak'mz regartl for Mr. Oxen ham'a mare, who is particularly smart over a short coarse. Patron has a thumping weight for a three-year-old, and it mar be doubted if he is a 13b. better horse than Loyalty at a mile, his victory over the latter in the spring notwithstanding. Stan more showed of chat staff he is made at Christinas time, and another good horse is Light Artillery, who runs better eiery time be appears in public. J5 ran prominently at Flemington on two occasions, and as a mile is probably his best course I expect to see him well op when their heads are tamed for home. Mahee's second in the Camngton Stakes under Sat 121b. entitles htm to respect, and Hie Captain and Division will not disgrace die clever party they belong to. ; Ptrnane - is one of the infirm brigade, aiid I much prefer his stable companion Donizetti, who at 17st. 9fi>. has been given a better chance than i he has everhad since he left (^aeensland. That j he has plenty of pace was demonstrated i in the V.ILC. Handicap, and provided he represents the Warrick Farm stable, which is in want of a torn, he will be exceedingly dangerous. Babel, like Donizetti, performed , well in Queensland, and, bar Cremome. he is probably the best Glorious horse extant, but 1 the question is-What is the Queensland . form worth t With two or three exceptions, Trenchant and Projectile are reckoned the best three-year-olds in the rae-j; bat I like better Pilot Boy, who, after a spell, Is re ported to be fresh and welL Possibly The Possible is a good horse, although a maiden ; bnt Bnccleccb lias come down in the world, and so has Polvil, who was to have carried : oS the Bine Riband, but -fa led miserably. The Trier has the Anniversary Handicap to his credit and The Danphine the Oaks, and both Confidence and Uabba ba\e shown recent term. If Tcllainore is good enongh 6st. llib. will cot stop him from winning, and Kookaburra lias also a light weight, bat he may not be quite class enongh ; and if I were bound to select half a dozen to beat the field I should choose the following: LOYALTY" | THK POSSIBLE J5 PILOT BOY | STAN MORE 1 DONIZETTI | As the reigning champion, Portsea is,! | perhaps, entitled to 10s t. in the Sydney Cap, j I bnt as he failed in the Australian Cap with 151b. less in the saddle I don't see bow he is ; i going to improve upon the performance at! Randwick, although I think he will again' , beat Jeweller. The Admiral has been given j an excellent chance at Sst. 31b., and if in his j best form, of which there is a doabt, lie may j : make amends for his defeat by Realm twelve j months ago. Megaphone and Marvel, for i entirely different reasons, are best left alone j -Megaphone because he is not likely to be wound up to concert pitch, and Marvel be- j caase he seems to have lost his brilliancy. 1 The best handicapped horse in the race is on- j doubted ly Camoola, who has bat Sst 111b. to I carry. Camoola is the winner of the Oakleigh ' Handicap, the Ascotvale Stakes, the A.J.C. I Derby, the Victoria Derby, the Champion Stakes, A.J.C. St. Leger, and other races, and, even admitting that he ran disappointingly at the V.ILC. Spring Meeting, it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us what a great chance he has if brought to the post St and well. Only a few months ago Catuoola was reckoned a 31b. better hone than Portsea, bat now Camoola is in receipt of 1st 3!b., or a difference altogether of 1st. Gib. in favour of Camoola; and the more I look at the weights the more apparent is it that Mr. Scarf has been kind to the hoise's incon sistencies. For his defeat by Patron in the St. Leger Carnage has been allowed 21b. Carnage was notoriously amiss at the time, and it the change of air agrees with him 1 am quite prepared to see a great change in his form. Of coarse. Patron may be qaite as good a horse as Carnage, perhaps better, bnt the question, will never be satisfactorily settled until the two meet on something lite an equality as regards fitness. I expect to see both oolts ran vdL Oxide is a good bit of staff, but too unlucky, and I have lost faith in Stemchaser, who is either a fraud that will not try his best, or Is overrated. Loyalty's stpntnesshas been called in ques tion, and the same remark applies to Titan ; but some {lay both may copfonnd the handi cappers by winning good races over a long copra*. Light Artillery will take a tot of beating. Thegjilloping he. got daring the V.ILC. Autumn .Meeting did liim no end of SPOd, as was testified by hk gallant fight | with Portsea in* the Cbampipn. Stakes; ai»d ! all going wfll between now nnd the^cent^al day, there ere morcpnlikriy things thQti his carrying ?- off the prize. . Stan more. and Mabee are botlj useful handicap horses, but 1 doubt if the latter Is within 51t>. of Light ArtiUerr: and Tbp" Sailor PrineewiH probably give *af to 'H,e A4m;rs!. liwt.'i* ha* bvi to l«j- the of tunn'mx op in a mad IarL;r<K MfJboarwr (,'gp, arvJ stili rnnksta a Tr.iiiw*. Ut-mah, a K^re l>j- Granl | Hhcar from Utopia, won half a dcwcen ? rare* in 'Jo'-emlani fast aeasoa, in fJciiag Tftitra&Ts; Cap, sad Kightin s(i:c 6t»d bd; Tffntoo ran first and ; -VC.-yn.-I in TsileKalf's Gob Ctsp in Sjdnej-. i the sttjmer being in receipt of 1Kb. The ? difiemioe now is I>ni 2lh., forth are itaj-prs, ' and where on^ is the other will be. liilet&s; ; basalUvktstjso- 5 lasvitcap to his credit, arui ; be nw) he hf&nl; o; in eofmectiati wrth this ' r&cf;, and 1 have an 'idea thai The PosriMe | *iU Ef/me day torn out *eiL By Xordenfeldt ^ 1 from Realisation, the data of Vaxim, hii ? pedizree is banl to beat; and of tbe f-i:rcnifc !tght-«r«tgfct* commend me to Klae Peter. I fancy the winner of the Sfdsff Cop will come from an»fing CASOOLA ' PATKOX : CABNAGE LIGHT ARTILLKRY I/ADV tkbstox TEK POSSIiiLK. 