FIFTY LASHES. w — — 1 — By Atha Westbtjby. CHAPTER I. A full summer moon overhead, casting bars of soft sheen athwart the trees in the public domain, Auckland, New Zealand. _ On a rustic bench, beneath the wide spread ing branches of a giant kauri pine, sat a half- caste Maori girl, and by her side a tall, hapd- some vouth, wearing the dark blue uniform of Caversham's Horse. No Spanish gipsy oould boast a more glorious beauty of face and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother — daughter of the old Maori chieftain, Te Puki, fell to love with and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant to the 6 — th Regiment, and with j her hand came many broad acres in the most j fertile valleys of the W&ikato;, which the old | soldier soon converted into a good payable estate. While Ktora was yet a child her j mother died, whereupon Tom Selby -bought j a snug villa outside the city, and sent his i daughter to a boarding school until she be- 1 came old enough to take charge of his house hold. 44 And so you are going to-morrow, Charlie," she said timidly, at the same time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. 44 Must it really be to-morrow 7" 44 Really aud truly, Kiora," he answered. 4 The horses were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." 44 How dreadful this war is," she says to a low tone. 44 Ah ! dreadful, indeed, my darling, hut we must not stand idly by, and see those mad fanatics the rebels murder and plnnder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven out ox the Waikato, the Government have done all to their power to induce the dis satisfied Maories to lay down their areas, and to live at peace with their Pakeha neigh-, bors, but you see ifcis of no avail. Tipore and his crazy toother have roused the Taranaki tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one, , Charies Stanton, from enjoying his Christmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby. ( Dear Charlie, no one can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora," she answers, j softly. Charlie laughs tightly, then stoops for ward, until his moustache reaches Kiora's ripe red lips, and— well the moon only knows what took place, for she was watching them. ' Her Moonship seep many things that lovers wot oi. On this lovely evening there was no exception to the rule, for she observed, close by where Charlie and Jus companion billed and cooed at rack other the form of a man, crouching low down _ behind a thick shrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching — a with a pale, vile looking face, which peered out of them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam to his eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had : three narrow golden stripes upon his odat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non-commissioned officer. During a long ohat, such as lovers usually indulge to, the watcher never stirred from his bent position ; but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was born of deep and absorbing interest. . It was only when Kiora rose to de part that he drew further into the shade, and in so doing made a noise which attracted the giri's attention. 44 What was that, Charlie?" she cried, Baling herself close to the ride of that geatlemaajfind gazing round to alarm. < What is the matter, dew 7" "Did you not hear a rustitog noise? It sounded close to that bufiih there, "she " Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange fancies to-Dight," he said, gaily. 44 First, it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for me; now it is a noise as of some larking assassin. Pooh! my girl ; there is nothing save, perchance, some grasshopper looking for its mate." 44 Oh, Charlie ! I would give all I possess to the world to prevent you going to Tara naki," she said, with sudden energy. 44 Nonsense, why?" 44 Because I have got one morbid fancy that when we part to-night it will be for ever." 41 My darling, I — " 41 Listen to mp, Charlie. Do you believe ifi dreams 7" 44 Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams ; nothing more." The maiden nestled her small head, crowned with a coronet of raven hair, oloaer to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said, 44 1 had a terrible dream the before last — a dream in which I raw what took place as plain as I can see those trees before me now." 44 What did you see, Kiora ?" 44 An encampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and sur rounded on every hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in the extreme," she responded, to a low hnshed tone. 4 4 Beyond the tents, on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a solid square of glittering bayonets, in the centre of whioh were three posts standing up right. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot, to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had begun to shiver like one in a fit of ague. 44 Did you recognise the features of the un fortunate fellow at the triangles?" he asked presently. 44 1 did." 4 4 And you knew him!" 44 Yes." 44 Who was he, Kiora?" 44 Yourself, Charlie ! Oh ! the unutterable anguish depicted there. Oh 1 the misery, and the despair, and the sickening, dreadful blows that fell upon my ears like some shud dering horror, too great for mortal heart to bear ! Yet I was compelled to gaze until the dreadful work was ended. Then 1 heard a loud shout away towards the cliffs, and look ing thence, beheld a great horde oi Maoris rush like a mighty avalanche upon the square of aimed men, and disperse it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos and con fusion, intermingled with shonts and cries, and a vision of fche man who had been degraded mounted upon a saddle aud bridleless horse, his bare and bleeding back glistening con spicuously above the crowded melee, until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, he went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw him no more." Charlie Stanton stood silent for a minute. A feriiug of some nameless dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off and replied in a bantering way ; 44 Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been said by some crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies — they follow the rule of contrary. Come, hold up your head, my dear. I shall return to you ere the new year is many weeks old with all my honors thick upon me." 44 1 sincerely trust you may, my dear Charlie," said the girl, with a fond look, in which there was yet the sadness of her ugly dream outlined, and then as if anxious ' to change the subject she added, 44 Look, how beautiful everything seems under the sheen of the moon. What a lovely night." j They went out into the soft glow arm in arm — she pleading for his promiee, he langh- i ingly. resisting her. Onward, down the green : slopes, strewn with murky shadows that seemed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. By- and -bye the lurking figure came forth from his lair, and stood up iu the full light of the moon — a tall, dark man about thirty years of age, face sallow and closely shaven, displaying a wide, sensual mouth and strong, determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. 44 So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy," he muttered, apos trophising himself, a sinister gleam- in fate eye the while. 44 Why, who would have thought the ring-doves would select this spot for their senseless chatter — almost under my nose? Humph! my limbs are racked with pain and cramp. Confound them both. What the devil oan there be about this weak, fooling dandy, that she should prefer him to a better man ? Aye, one who cares more for her than he does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. "There you go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of me, but take care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For ten years you and. I have been what modern society calls friend, Charlie ; but modern sooiefcy little dreams ho w l hate your friendship. It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud wench — who has thou&ht; fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field. Charlie, mon cher. Well, well! I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I have the cue, my weak-minded spark ; and it shall go hard, but I will use it to advantage, when opportunity offers. He followed in the wake of the lovers with a slow and meditative step, his brad bent, and his hands clasped behind his back. 44 If my friend Stanton has one trait in h$s character more prominent than another it is an easy, simple belief m the truth and good ness of his fellows," he muttered. "Nofool's paradise too great for Charlie. I have made a study of the man, not because I fova him— -but because he is my opposite-— a soft humbug, that eannot say No, for the life of him. Charlie, mon and,' you are as the potter's clay tomy hand. Irt mesee if I cannotplay you against oharmfofi BTora Selby and het broad acres." Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's HorSflL quickened his' pace, crossed the park aha entered Farnell,. thence his walk beoama slower, until he reached Shortiand Plaot- Here he halted aud stood watching the frori of a pretty villa on the opposite ride of rap way. There must have been something very attractive here to engage the Sergeant'satteto t iaoPjfor he laaainedon theapot close joi twp hours. HeWRsstiU Vatchingand waiting, when a young man issued from-the house, bumming a tavorite operatic air. Hallo, : Charlie ! well met, dear boy. Where have jrou been cried Exley, in a surprised yet ' pleasant tone. , « .J nat. mn nrar to bidthe Selby'sgood bye,' replied Stanton. " But what are you loing down this way, Exley ?" ci Ah ! taking a walk under the m6ont6 lew the city. I guess we shan't have mother opportunity to view the spires of Auckland by moonlight for Borne time to some. iVath is, Charlie, I'm glad to have net you." " Why, pray ?" " Because I was just making my way to 'he Albion, where I've promised to meet one >r two jolly fellows to take a parting glase. tcu will join me, of coarse 1" " My dear Exley, nothing would give me preater pleasure." "Come along, then, it is late." The pair went arm and arm through the silent streets. Stanton happy in the thought if his sweetheart ; Exley, quiet brooding — like a man who feels his way to some un known goal. CHAPTER II. There are few scenes in New Zealand more . grandly rugged thanihe Oban Valley, Tara— naki, the spot where the volunteers had fixed their bivouac on the 24th of December, in anticipation of 'meeting the rebel Maoris, it was Christmas .Eve, the time night, a calm dvely night, with moon and stars studding ' ihe dark blue canopy of heaven — as on the tight of the advent of the Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. The camp was composed of six hundred tink and file of the Auckland Rifles, to gether with one troop of Caversham's Horse, the latter had pitched their tents on a small til! adjacent to where the commissariat stores lad been piled and covered over by a large iarpaulin. Of the six fcy men of the troop, tee »f their number had been told oil as a guar4, ander the charge of Sergeant Exley. The lupply of grog and provisions are only limited rod needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six pzarter casks of rum standing in a row flauk- ng the stores. The sergeant called the guard ;oget her about the watchfireand said : "Comrades, I need hardly remind you of ;he general order issued this morning. We ,re under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very ;tri3C officer, and will punish the slightest legleot or carelessness with severity. Mind hat, and, above all, remember that any man ourd neglecting his duty will most assuredly jo to the triangles. You understand ?" They appeared to understand very well ; hey glanced towards the rum puncheons, and ;hou-ht the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about tor welfare. There were tihers about the tire who did not be- jong to the guard One, a sh«rt, brosd- ibculdered, jolly- looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra- 3rma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the sergeant warned hifi men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water spaniel at his side. The experiment with the dog appeared,, equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen,., who stood by with gaping mouth. The boy, who answered to the com de guerre of " Sandfly," was one of that gender known as a camp-fag and general knock about among the troopers. He could speak English pretty well, so tar as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoiiland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made the air biting cold and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradu ally thinned until only two persons remained seated by it — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive i hat a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no men were more opposite in person and disposition. The me handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to the verge if pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and' determined as a Dull- dog. How came these two to be friends ? Simply through one tittle act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold " Te Ranga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side, received during the attack. The volunteers were repnlsed, but at the risk ef his life Charlie Stanton walked uooliy out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a per fect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob bad often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. . / And here -they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, . and a small flask of ram which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a-cali for numoerfour of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable ' Good-night," and answers " Hefo." It ishis tarn for sentry, and he is marohed over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild screech of the peiew oat yonder by the lake. Sandfly, orouohed under the friendly Bovering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams, by the sound of voiees in the vicinity The Maori noise lessly lifts one end of the covering, and peeps forth. Sergeant- Exley ia standing with a pannikin in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. "Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog oh Buch a cold right. We are nohin town, where it oould be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of ajurf e, you are on eeotry; and canpre- i»ktib|r taking any, but I must say a small half pint out <4 one of these casks would nerar he missed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton carelessly. " Fray do as you please; you ... have command of the guard ; . but I say, Exley, what about that leotore yon gave us respecting General Orders and Colonel Bar - topp's stera discipline ? " Hie sergeant laughed in a quiet way and replied, " Wait Until you're promoted again, Charlie,, then adopt my plan. One side for the meh, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined' to roar sometimes afc all the fuss and humbug put forth in General Orders or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape, to the end of the chapter. Til bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why them should we, comrade, who have to watoh through the long night in this sharp wind, not wet our whiitle, whan it is here ready at our hand V " Bravo, Exley ! Very well argued. My orders are to allow .np one to meddle with the commissariat except the quartermaster, but, I repeat, you are my superior officer and— there are the casks." ' Good. Tma fellow here seems a little apoplectic. We will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole?" cried Charlie, laughing." " No ! Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spile this fellow's frontis piece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the ram puncheon. Had the good- natured inconstant dupe seen that look he would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. Bat Charlie Stanton, measuring man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sandfly beheld Exley holding the panni kin under a thin stream issuing from -one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gur gled as it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the Sergeant plugged it up again. " Now, comrade, take a nip." " Af er you," said Charlie politely. " The girls we left behind us," and the ser geant put the liquor to his lips, bat he did not drink any. " III give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath for the moment, but that was nothing, the night was cold. " What do you say, shall we refill the" gob let, Stanton Z" " By all means, Exley," and the pot was replenished. " I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. " Gome, Clem, da ke a sip and pass the decanter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and onoe more refilled. The ffiry spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, aud soon becan to till on the trooper. " We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. "It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visit ing officer before four o'clock." 1 " Oh, bother the visiting rounds — pass the .pannikin, Clem." "I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie?" " Not at all. I am content to remain here until daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The Sergeant watched him with glittering eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," he said. " I? Nonsense. Here, hold my carbine ; the pot is empty." \- One a.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech , and rather prosy. In another half- hour the poor dupe is staggering about. _ The sergeant watches bim— watches him fall prone down, sight and senses gore. Then Exley knows that the bird is snared — the rat safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. "How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley?" " Ooly one, captain." " I will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard and the non -commissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, but, of course, there was no one to challenge their approach. " Halt !" cried the offioer, , "how's this? Where is your man, sergeant?" he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered -the Maori lad emerged from his hiding place and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy, sentinel, stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the hut and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man got drank on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet and the pannikin half fall of liquor on the ground beside him told its own tale plainly. " This is a very, unfortunate matter," eried the sergeant, with well- feigned regret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir ?" " Done ! ' Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley, of course,' responded , the captain. ' " Carry the poor devil to the guard -tent, i aud put another man iu his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return,'' Morning came with its rosy, blush, tinging the hilltops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into, renewed life. It found :Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. "Is this but the prelude to her dream?" he muttered. " Gad, . it would seem so. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming in the eariv sun, like a burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream P — the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. Charlie Stanton, it would have been wellhad you or I never seen- Kiora Selby. "cr wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt see the eat ready ; and now to snaton. an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voioe of Sandfly, was heard calling for Snap,' the retriever, who rail frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. (to be continued.) 