Wesleyan District Synod of South Queensland. -0 MEETINGS AT MARYBOROUGH. On Tuesday morning a very consider able number of Wesleyan ministers and laymen journeyed to Maryboroush to at tend the sessions of the District Synod. At Gympie the travellers found that local hospitality had provided a substan tial lunch for them. In the evening, after refreshments had been served in the School Hall, a social meeting was held in the Marybbrough Church, under the presidency of the Rev. E. Youngman, the resident Wesleyan minister. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. A. J. Webb (President of the Conference), H. Pennington, R. Stewart, 3\. Snell, T. Warham, and Mr. G. Williams. Musical selections were ren dered by the Misses Walker, Wiles, and Jones, and the Revs. J. Snell and E. Dyer. FIsT BUsINEBB SEsBBON. On Wednesday morning the business sessions of the Synod commenced, under the presidency of the Rev. A. J. Webb. The following ministers answered to their names:-C. Wiles, H. Youngman, E. Youncman, W. Dinning, W. Jefiries, J. G. Martin, O. A. J. Hutohison, R. Stewart, H. Pennington, W. H. Harri son, T. B. Holmes, T. Brassington, J. Snell, T. Warham, E. Dyer, T. R. Thurlow, and H. H. Nolan. The Rev. C. A. J. Hutchison was elected secretary, and the Revs. T. Brassington and J. Snell assistant secretaries. The Revs. E. Youngman, W. Dinning, W. H. Harrison, and E. Dyer were appointed reporters for the press. The Rev. R. Stewart was ap pointed property secretary; Rev. W. Brown BSunday school secretary. A communication was read from and a dispensation of absence granted to the Rev. I. Harding. At 10 o'clock the representative session met, when, in addition to the ministers, the following laymen were present: Mesars. Reid and Hawkins (&lbert; street), Nichols and Bennett (Wesley), Carter (West End), Highfield and Col ledge (Toowong), Lugg and Langham (Enoggera), Robinson and Westacott (Nundah), Rose and M'Gill (Ipswich), Jarrat (Toowoomba), Robinson and Wil liams (Maryborough). The Rev. H. Youngman congratulated the Chairman on his occupancy of the chair. In replying, the Rev. A. J. Webb said he had been very happy in his work in Queensland, and that it was only on account of very serious health reasons that he was leaving the colony. The Rev. H. Youngman gave the following notice of motion on Methodist Union,-'" This District Synod records its grateful appreciation of the services rendered to the cause of Methodist Union by the action of the General Conference, and of the spirit in which such action had been interpreted in this and other colonies by the other Methodist Churches; it rejoices in the establishment of a Queensland Methodist Federal Council and the steps already taken to promote fraternal goodwill among the Churches represented therein, and recommends the conference to reappoint representatives to the council, who shall also act as a committee for the conference to obtain and tabulate information, and any other necessary data, for the discussion of the practicability of union in Queenseland by the next September quarterly meetings and the ensuing District Synods." It was resolved to recommend the con ference to alter the name of the Enoggera Circuit to Ithaca. On the motion of the Rev. W. H. HaRarsos the following motion was. passed :-" That a resolution regarding the division o" the district into three districts having been raised and disuonesed, the conference be recommended to remit the question for consideration to the next September quarterly meetings within the district, which shall report to the next District Synod." A telegram conveying fraternal greet ings was read from the North District Synod. It was resolved to recommend the con ference to remove one minister from the Wesley Circuit for one year, and also to recommend that the Gympie Cirooit be not relieved of its obligation to take a second married minister. The afternoon session was opened at 2 p.m. by devotional exercises. The Rev. R. Stewart, Home Mission secretary, presented the report of the home mission stations, showing that since the last coiference these stations have been vigorously worked. The mission aries labour under many difficulties and greet drawbacks, but on the whole with encouraging results. It was resolved to recommend the divi sion of the Paradise station, and that the matter of supplying it be relegated to the Home Mission Committee. The district general statistics for the year were presented by the Secretary, as follow -Churches, 71; seating, 10,510, being an increase of 4 churches; other preaching places, 53; school buildings, 10; parsonages, 19; ministers, 26; local preachers, 118; class leaders, 55; Church members, 1157; on trial for membership, 87.; junior members, 17; communicants, 279; attendants and adherents, 13,175. The Sunday-school secretary presented the following figures :-Scholars, 6543; toeachers and officers, 654; in the Sunday school libraries, 1648 volumes; Bands of Hope, 41, with an enrolment of 3804 members. Property statiatics were presented hy the Rev. R. Stewart, as under:-En largements and repairs have been effected during the year at a cost of £357 19s. 2d.; current income in connection with the various properties has been £4453 15s. lid., and expenditure £4881 3s. lid.; present debt on the properties, £22,701 4s. Sd. After a discuseion on the property returns, it was resolved, on the motion of the Rev. Henry Young man,-"That the conference be recom mended to authorise the issue of a revised property schedule." SIt was resolved that thanks be con veyed to Mr. Dean, of Mitchell, and to Mrs. M'Iotosh, of Roma, for gifts of land; and that their names he inserted among the names of the life members of the Home Mission Society. Application was made for permission to sell or lease land in Stanley-street and at Yeronga, and in each case the confer ence was recommended to grant per mission. .During the previous year the various circuits in the district raised for the Home Mission Fund the sum of £405 9s. 9d., and, for Foreign Mission work, £248 17e. 3d. The following resolution, bearing on the Connexional Fond, was passed on the motion of the Rev. H. Youngmani:- "This District Synod calls the attention of the conference to the fact that in some instances a donation is made from the quarterly meeting to Connexional Funds instead of collections being made in accordance with the rule of the confer ence, and requests it to take the matter into its consideration." The evening session opened with an earnest conversation on the state of the work of God, in which a good many took part. After the conversation the follow ing resolution was adopted :-" This Dis trict Synod records its great gratitude to God for the general increase now reported and for the testimonies now heard of the gracious work experienced in several of the circuits; it expresses its conviction that our most urgent need is intelligent, conscientious, and heartfelt devotion to Christ and His Ohurch, nourished by prayer, Bible study, and the recept ion of the gift of the Holy Ghost; and it pledges itself to renewed personal con secration and effortto win men from the error of their ways and to build them up in that holiness and righteonsness of life in which God is best glorified, and His cause most effectually promoted." Grante were recommended to be made to the following circuits-West End, Pimpama, Enoggera, Roma, Pine River, Stanthorpe, and the Home Mission stations. In viewof specialdifficultiesin various places, the following resolution was edop ted,-" That this District Synod, having been painfully reminded of the severe struggles in which some circuits and con nexional institutions are involved by reason of enormous trust debts, recom mends to the conference the desirableness of directing that a week of prayer and self-denial be held all throughout Queens. land churches, in order that one of these trusts may be relieved in turn by the pro ceeds being voted to the reduction of the principal debt." Dealing with Home Mission stations, existing regulations were altered so thas each mission may be placed under the chairman of the district in which it lies, and that the returns of such stations may come to the District Synod. 