SCENERY IN NORWAY, Lot mo describe a trip to ono of tho wildest and most secluded of these fjords, a branch of tho Nord Fjord. This trip was made between tho nightly hours of 9 p m. and 2.30 a.m., in broad daylight all tho way. Of Norway in summer, as of Heaven at all seasons, it may bo said there is no night thoro. Tho first portion of the trip wasmadc in a small 2 .wheeled vehicle to tho head of the fjord, which was separated from a lake (Loon Lake) by a narrow neck of laud. The length of the lako was ten miles. This lake was not simply deoply secluded in high mountains, but was buried in their profound depths. The mountains were 5000 to 6100 foot abovo tho water, and wore intersected by deep canons, ench onf- of which ¥n gorged by a. very largo glacier. Those lateral glaciers did not reach down to tho waters of tho. lake. From ono of the glaciers wo saw. far up tho canon, an overhanging, intermit tent ico cascado discharge and scatter in a cloud of frozen spray. The deep blackness of the lake water was relieved by tho bright verdure of tho undergrowth upon tho sides of tho mountains. Common juniper, dwarf birch and silver-loafed willow, with moss lichons and heather, were found there ; higher up, reindeer moss, a lichen, is also found, with the ico ranunculus (ranunculus glaoialis). Tho latter covers the irrnuud near glaciers with a white curpot. Bitter as it is, it is eagerly eaten' by reindeer. An hour's steaming in a primitivo steam launch brought us to tho head of the lake, and an hour and twenty minutes' walk, throuirh tho depth of tho canon to tho foot of tho largest of tho glaciers, from which a, rushing but nearly cloar river was issuing. The glacier seemed to descend from tho aky, for its uppor portion was lost in and covered by cold, watery, cumnloufl clouds. Tho ??well- known colors of the most ; intense and purest blue wore exhibited by tho ice walls at the terminus of the glacier, these colors, through greater shadow, sometimes deepening into absoluto black. Tho eceno was exceedingly wild and wonderful. It was made muoh. more so by two of tho loftiest, lonely rock forms, perhaps in the world. Tho highest was a detached cone of archaic granite. Ouo of the two rock3 was 5995 feet aud tho other 6050 foot: in height. Shakespoaro says 'Nature .wait la stuff to vie strange forms wich fancy ;' but in that region there was no such lack. It wbb almost ' oast tho size of dreaming ' in the height of its mountains, depth of its canons, verdure of its lower cliffs, general wilducss of its scenery and sizo and profusion of its glaciers — relics horo of the Ico Ago which' once folded1 in its frozen ombraco all of . this country, us it now does Greenland; all but a fringo of ; uncovered coast, {Spitsbergen, eto. The whole soono, at 11p.m., was in full but dull daylight, tho sky being cold and color less, except over the glacier fields away abovo' Another hour and a half's walk brought us back to tho lake aud tlio steam launch, We reuehed the fjord and tho little hamlet and hotel on its shores at 2.30. Tho sun we know had risen away up on tho almost ? illimitablo snow-fields abovo us, but ho was not visiblo where we wwo. Thosky grew clearer and softer on tho fjord. There wore high, dark mountains on both sides of us, euveruoiuly deep, black and apparently motionless salt water botween them and a silence and peace as deep as if wo had become residents of a laud of (permanent light, rest and forgetfulness iu another world. Wo wero so fur North as literally to bo neur tho end of tho world, in a country thero almost uninhabited. Wo wero in tho. Ultima Thulo pf tho Romans. Whon wo ??. roached tho hamlet wo passed tho small, almost baby like, white wooden church, surrounded by grassy mounds that told of -silent tenants below. Tho effect upon tho mind of all of this weird scenery in porfect daylight at such a nightly hour, with the intense stillness and tho uustirring air, almost made us feel as though tho resurrection day had como aud we were tho first persons up. I uover expect to bo iu a moro receptive state of mind to soo and receive a ghost calmly. — Thomas Mageo. Tho Damo aux Caiuolias sighs in all Chopin's uiusio over her lost virtue, which, however, she shows no anxiety to rocover, and tho characteristic expression of tho most rw'.ent and popular school of poofry and painting is a ray of the same sickly and in tho most part hypocritical homage to virtue Without Homo such homage oven tho dying aud Huper-sensitive body of emotional ' art loses its very faintest pretensions to tho name of art, and becomes tho confessed carrion of I OftWxtch's operas aud the munic-luill. 