IU1 i'e J TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia, POUNDED ON- NATURAL FACTS, /- , ' .. . ' BY I ' IVAN DEXTER, . - CHAPTER VIII, Gontisued. . Tlia faces and cubes xviero so amngca ithat .tlioy reflected tlio light from one to (the other in tlie most porfect manner. 'Borne of the crystals appeared to have .drops of- water enclosed within -them) and this added to the effect. The floor xvas ' composed : of the same pellucid material, but by some agency it had been ' frosted' or dnlled. This at once attracted tho notioe of. Strangway. ' " How has this been done I xvonder7 It seems marvellous -that anything '. short of human agency could have made ithis, floor as it is." I - ''.Perhaps it has been done by xvallc- ing on it. Whatever ' mado tho paths ixve 'saw in the passage- may have done it>" repliod Stanloy. | "No this has been done by hand and by design. I know a little about these things," Strangway answered. . Talmud did not seem to take tlie least interest in the chamber. He eyed it much, as a person' might a familiar street. ' For at least an hour the party remained feasting their eyes on tlie wonderous chamber, but at length the seriousness of their position forced itself on them, 'and they wont on thoir apparently hopeless quest of finding tho clue to the labyrinth. The passage which Talmud took led almost abruptly jdewnwards. and after clambering after him for nearly two hundred feet tho wol- conic sound of splashing irater greeted the ears of the two explorers. A descent of about twenty feet brought them to a small spring, which triolded out of a rocky wall into a basin beneath. Talmud had already partaken freely of. the re freshing fluid, and his example was- soon followed by his companions. 'After quenching tlioir thirst, tho hopes . of tho party, wero somewhat revived. 'Hitherto the vaults and passages liad been. remarkably dry, and the horrors of thirst which had been experienced by (Stanley and Strangway in other days rose before them. . ..They now decided to miiko another start. For what seemed a quarter of a mile, the subterranean iwnlfe was continued, and then a slight cry of alarm escaped Stanley, who xvas olosoly following Talmud. | Some dis tance ahead I10 could discern a dull red 'glow like tho reflection of a fire, As (Strangway reached him he also noticed 'it, i" What can it mean ? " I10 asked, " I can't be a volcano or a slumbering crater surely," Stanley answered. As Talmud kept ahead the' two riion (followed in awc-striick silence. The (ominous glow did not increase much in (brilliancy, but still it'- was sufficiently startling to amaze the explorers, Tlio psssagu-xvns slightly curved, and as they .proceeded, the reflection got larger. (Fifty yards further on tho full sight (burst on them, as they came in viow of ;a vast concave wall, which glowed like the live embers of a fire, I "It is another kind of mineral I see. It must be tho rare red crystal, and like tho othor place this has not been all shaped by chance," Strangway said to his companion. | Tho effect of this second chamber, for such it really was— uil -not strike tho observer as so brilliant as tlio first one. It was gorgeous enough, howeyor, and for half an hour, the two men took in its rare beauties; . " Why. its eight o'oloclr in the even ing," Stanley exclaimed, looking at his watob. "I dare say it is. We did not loavo that awful valley until nearly ten o'clock, and you know how many hours we have Ibeen wandering about since, " answered liis companion. I "This passago seems to end here, Had we not better get back to the water 1 " asked Stanley, I " Yes wo may as wall go that way. (Let us ask . Talmud what ho intends doing?" 1 Both the mon wont to whero Talmud was standing in apparently deep thought and Stanley said — l " What is the best thing for us to do? Can you lead us out of this place ? " ' .The strange man shbok his . head in a hopeless, way, as if he understood tlie meaning of the question, but was unable to give a satisfactory answer.. . " We are going back to the water," Strangway added, pointing as he spoke in the direction of the spring.. - I Talmud mado a gesture of assent, and seeing this, Stanley and his comrade led .the way, whilst tho other followed olosoly bohind. The way -was easily . found, and filled with their by no. means pleasant thoughts none of the men spoke during the return joiirriey .' . " I feel tired out, Stunloy snid when ,tho spring was readied. Let 'us Wo 'an hour's rost, and then we can go on again," ; ' Yes night or day makos no differ ence' to us in this place,' Strangway . added bitterly. After another drink, a f notion of the remaining food was divided, betwoon tho lose Explorers, and then each man made himself as comfortable ns ho could in such a 'plaoe. Thoy xrore all utterly wearied out. Their exporienoe of., tne- previous night had been a terriblq one. All through the hours of darkness thoy. had been battling against tho fire) and tlioir escape from the dread glen was'1 a most trying ordeal. . . What with ; the smoko,.8uakeS| ftnd tlie varying depth of water, tlio passage taxed tho mental and physical abilities of tho : mon to the utmost, .Then the knowledge that they wero practically entombed was like the last straw to tlioir mnoh taxed bodies. . It can well bo imagined thoi-efoio tluit the hour's test askod- jfoi by Stanloy should havo strotohod Into nearly eight hours deep slumber. Stanley, habituated to sliort wntclics by his seafaring life, was the first -to awako and he saw in tlio dim light that his two companions! still slept. 1 Stretch-' lug himself wearily ho rubbed bis Heavy eyes and was seriously inoliucd to renew hiB slumber, when something at tho top Of tho passage caught his oyes. It will, be remembered, that on loax-ing tlio first crystal chamber, the descont to the water xvas very steep. Now, whero Stanley- lay, .-hp could seo the summit of the .abrupt slope, and- as ho looked upward, ( his xvide-opon eyes stared fixedly at a 'figure looking down from it. A figure ! Rather a phantom. For several moments lie gazed. speechless with terror, for that he saxv a ghost lie novel- for' a moment doubted. At length a low oiy- burst from his parched lips and it in stantly awok'o Strangway. " What's that ?" Did you call me ?" he askod. ' He -looked towards his comrade as' lie spoke, rubbing his eye3 and yawning as one who lias just invoke out of; a heavy, sleep. Stanley's lips formed the word- — "Look !" It xvus only faintly whispered but in that subterranean gallery it reached the ears of Strangway. - Sitting up, his eyes inx-bluntary turned in tho d|reotionxvhicli his' comrade's was fixed. The apparition xvas still there ajul xvas that of the usual orthodox ghost. A human figure xvitli a human face was.thorc, but .-it .was. tlie countenance of a dead man. The light from tho crystal eax-ern shone to tho top of the descent but that could not ac count for the unearthly appearance of the weird visitant. With the exception of the faco and head, tho figure was clothed from the neck to tho feet with a goxvn of snowy xvhiteneBS and, in folds xvhich boro some resemblance to tho gown of a Druid. Strangway was just as much taken by surpriso as Stanley and for n moment or so lio too wns silent witli emotion. The slight noise he mado bad awakened Talmud who wns somo little distance further doxvn tlio passage. The latter on rising was surprised to see (he - attitudes of his two companions and he moved towards them. As he did so ho noticed they xvere both looking upward. Ho approached nearer and did the same, and as ho did so lie gave voico to a cry that re-echoed through the cavern and caused Stanley and Strangway -to spring to their feet- with alarm. The latter seized his revolver- and stood upon his guard, but Talmud took riot tho slightest notico of liirn. With out-strctched arms he began to call upon the figriro at tho top in the uncouth language which had so startled the two explorers on previous occasions. Ho ceased in less tliun a minute aud to the unbounded astonish ment of tho two mon tho apparition at the summit began to speak' in tho same unknown tongue. This xvas kopt up for a few minutes when Tulmud turned to his companions and beckoned them to follow him up the ascent; Ho clambered up 11 short distance but on looking hack und finding they did not respond he returned. Aftor making a few furious gestures lie" paused, while his features xvorked convulsively and at length he ejacnlc'tcd tho word— " Come !" ... CHAPTER IX. The Cemetery. Tho fact was both Strangway and Stanley wero afraid to folloxv Talmud. Hearing him converse with the apparition at the top of tho summit, they naturally concluded he was in league with- it,- and that at last was about to put. some dia bolical scheme into execution. .< Ho wants to lead us to our destruc tion," Strangway said impetuously. Stanloy did not reply for a few moments and then said— " It seems to me we cannot he worse off than we aro. It would be as well to meet death nt onco than die here of hunger. Besides wo aro armed and they do not appear to be." "Bah 1" broko in Strangway contemp- tously, " of what use would firearms be against such foes as these'' . " If they xvant to kill us, can they not do it just as well here as anywhere else," again urgacd Stanley. H The point seemed to havo some effeet on the doubting Strangway for he replied — ' "Yes I believo you are right. Let us go, , and if there is treachery we m'nst do tho best we can." Meanwhile Talmud xvas gesticulating and urging tho 'two explorers to follow him. As thoy signified their assent, his faco was illumined with' an oxprcssioh almost ecstatic. - Clambering up ' the steep incline, he was soon followed by his companions and in a couplo of minutes the three of them wero 0:1 the summit. Stanley nnd Strangxvay looked round 111 an awc-strnok xvay for tho white spectre, but it xvas nowhere to bo seen. Raising his voico, Talmud made a .strango.cry, and it was instantly, answered by some one a short distance ahead. He then sot off in tho direction of the .cry xvhich xvas repeated at intervals. Passing through tho magnificent crystal vault which, notwithstanding their, extraor dinary position, the two) men could not help admiring, they entered the passage through whioh the vault was at first reached. Shortly after, thoy again found themsolvcs in the gigantio granite cavern whioh had so puzzled them. Strangway glanced around hut it wag tenantloss. The strango cry again rosounded and entering the padsage .through which the sounds came, the explorers were not long in discovering that it xvas tho some by which tlioy had got into the labyrinth. This at onco restored tho faith of tlie sceptical Strangxvay and lib began to, have full reliance in the botl a fides of his mysterious guide. - Twenty minufts rapid walking led them to tlio first groat ohamber frpm where th'oir' troubles began. It xvas hero the dispute between Strang way nnd Talmud occurred when tho ad vice tof tlie latter was ;'nbg!ectcd. As Boon as this place iYas( reached, Talmud appeared to take the guidahco, into iris, own- hands. - The voioe of. the - unknown wa3 no longer heard and Talmud at onoo plunged into the pass'ago ho had indicated, on the. previous day. . This, time his companions folloxvod him with out domur. It-.led -down fob a short distance, and then in a bond it commonccd -to slope sharply upwards, Jn a quarter of an hour a faint gleam of light was / seen fur ahead, and' as the men ad-> vanccd, there xvas no longer any donbt 011 their minds, .that thoy wcro Saved From tlio depths of the passage stars could bo seen 'faintly shiping. With-' in ten minutes, the three men.' emerged into tho open nir in a queer: looking depression about thirty feet'. deop.- Tho sun shone into it fiercely,; und tlio disontombed .travellers xvere nearly blinded' by its effulgence.. Greepirigrinto the .shadows of a small 1 gfree close at hand, tliey remained there' for at least two hours trying to accus tom themselves to the light. This .'did not take vory long in tho case of Strangway and Stanloy, though for days afterwards their eyes were weak.; As soon as tlioy could venturo out, they easily asconded tho small incline, andl found that they xvere on the extreme! 'summit of tlio groat peak; Tho view i around- was niagniflcicnt. - For nearly I 'fifty -miles 'thoy could 6cb to ail' points of the compass. Far away to south oast stretched the country which they would liavo to traverso on the home ward journey, that they, proposed at onco to undertake. To the west, tlio misty, out-lines of a vast sheet: of xyator, noxv called, .'Lako' Amadens was visible. This inland (sea is perhaps -tho 'largest sheet of water on tho continent, and lios across the dividing line hetxveeri South and West Australia.. Towards the end of 1870, it xvas at its highest flood. To the North tho blue outlines of Mounts Udor nnd Leiclinrdt were dimly visible, whilst at! other points small peaks intersporsed witli sparkling sheets of xvater or level plains could be seen. There was no doubt that the rango on xvhioh they stood was the centre of an oasis in the arid desert of Central Australia. i Looking nearer homo tho lower peak: of range botvroen which and their stand point the hideous gully or glen in which; they so nearly perished was situated-: It seomed but n stones throw from them. As they wero looking, Strangway ex claimed. ' By the by, this is Christmas Day." "Yes I forgot all about CbristmnsJ or any other day in that vault, where wet wero fixed up," candidly roturncd Stan-i %' ' ' : .)!- ) There are some-- strange things' doxvn there to be yet found . ont. Tal-! mud, there, could tell us a jsy— £ he. liked," Strangway remarked " ' "He is liko a man xvho has lu«gutten( lioxv to speak in the language ho wasi first taught. . Do : you ' remember tho struggle, he had, to say 'comc,,t when, he xvanted us to folloxv him from below," Stanloy snid in a musing tone. , " I wonder if ho means to return with us. His friends seem' to be in those caverns," nnsxvered Strangway. "We had hotter ask him that question, and by the way tell trim this is Christmas Day." , Strangway xvent to Talmud, who wns standing uuder the shade of- an ovcr-J hanging rook, and told him xvhat Stain ley suggested, ' A swift gleam of intelli gence swept aoross' his .fa«,' when? to heard it was the 25th of December, . anil to tho interrogation, as to whether he wished to accompany them, he nodded eagerly) and vohenientJy replied— "Yes." . ... : " Let ns get book to tho horses aa soon as wo can. We will have a job to reach the old camp to-day," Stanley said coming np to tho two men. . ' . The remnant of . tho food was con sumes by the starving men, audi Strangway looked round in vain for an1 animal or bird to shoot.' Siuoke. still rose from the strangeglen, and it had » peculiar ouor, whioh would probably ' keep birds > away. Leaving their elevated position, the three men madei their way slowly downwards. They kept/ to '"e south for a short distance in order 1 to gei -ound the glen, but finding that they would havo to camp out nil night if they took such u round- a-bout coarse, they decided to boldly cross it. " Tho lire must bo well burned out by this "time, and tho scrnb and snakes; will bo mostly gone," Stanley argued,| and Strangway agreed with him. There was a descent of nearly five' hundred feet, beforo tho edge of the glen was reached, and tho route was an exoeodingly rugged nud diffioalt oriel. In somo pluces minaturo prcoipices ' of from ten to txvelve feet in depth wcro ancouritered, and the . travellers had to drop down them as beet they .conid.- About midday the glen was reached; and it presented an extraordinary ap- .pearanco. The denso vegetation, whiob they had seen a couple of days pre viously had entirely .vanished, and all that remained -was a comparatively level black surface.- The smolto and flames had made tlio sombre' rocks, which formed tlie sides, an ebony hue, and even tho rivillet whioli ran through the cbftin shapod oh asm, seemed to flow xvith ink instead of xvater through the reflection or shadow of - the rooks, Smoke xvas still rising in various places and those on tho summit of tho glen noticed that it had a most offensive smell. Tho afomalio . and ..pungent fuuies were no longer present. It was some timo before a safe place to descend could bo found, but Stanley at length managed j to, mako the descont, and as lie did so his companions followed.! Tho sun being almost vortical, throw' its beams into the gorge, arid to soineL slight extent, relieved . its. sbmbreness, but, when the., explorers again found themselves at the bottom they •ex perienced tho same unaccountable . fear, which liad beset them on. the';!fofriier occasion, . , , . ,' , ; "I don't know how it is but- 1 do not feel at ensn.in this place," Stanley said to his- comrade. ' , " ' ,.v I " Neither do I for that matter, ' I -supposo it is' because- tho gorgo is so gloomy tyjil forbidding," was the ansxver. . . , . " Oh not- ifou nnd I havo beon -in worsojriacos by far .than - this, but , we took little notice of . them. Look . out thorc ,! ' . ho.exolainied, as ' a large' sqak< .iinooiled' itself from n, clef tin the- roolCf and glided out, hissing- at; Strangway. ; Tuo latter did not have -a stick, and none being at hand; ho rose his gun and shot the reptile, ,r( ... ? , . - (TO DE COKTINCEDI. T'T! . - . 