THE EVENING MEETING. The throng in the Jubilee Hell on Friday evening, when the Rev. John McNeill again addressed the publio, all being welcome with out entrasoe-fee, was unmistakable testimony to tbe great popularity of the world-renowned evgngelint. The sea of heads in the Exhibition Buuding was indeed a epeotaole rarely witnessed in this oity. No preaoher has e'er been a greater draw in Adelaide than the eminent exponent of tbe gospel who has now been a week amongst ub. It teems the longer he remains the greater the orowds who flook to hear him and Mr. Burke, the gifted soloist, who is with him in tbe mission. A goodly oompany of ministers of all oreeds, members of the Legislature, young and old in every walk of live, were there on Friday. Every seat on floor and in galleries was occupied, and hundreds had to stand. Mr. Bnrke and the ohoir filled up the time in the earlier part of tbe meeting, and when all the bustle and stir to find a place in the apaoioni building had oeased Mr. MoNeill rose and talked without break for over an hour to a congregation as still and attentive—except when the preaoher aronsed their risible facilities—as no man, exoopt he possessed the power of eloqneno% dramatic force, and aotion of Mr. McNeill, oonld hold them. *1 The lost ring of the gospel bell in tbe Bible,"as he designated it, fonnd in Bevelations xxii. 17—" And the Spirit and the bndesay Oome. And let him that heareth say Oome. And let him that is athirst Come, And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely," formed the snbjeot of Mr, MoNeill's disoonrse. "Let some of yon dainty people," shonted the preacher, "not be afraid to touoh evangelistic work, for it has been dignified for ever by the Holy Ghost, I am only the worker, end proolaim the troth through human lip*. The Holy Ghost, the greet evangelist, doei the work of earing souls. There ie • strong spirit amongst people likebhis, "he wentan to remark—"Theysay'We cannot oome to Jesus of ourselves, for the Bible says we ore dark end dead; it is only the Holy Spirit oan enable ns to oome.' Then the devil has got yon to believe that the Holy Spirit is not hi any great hurry to enabU you, particular sinner, to oome* Why, that n the devil's revised version. The Holy Spirit is waiting for you. You simply draw the knife across your own throat when you reject present meroy." This spiritualism was not" any mattering*, or tappings, or table- turnings or rappings. "Never allow the devil to dnpe you into being a spiritualist. I mean in the ordinary aooeptatuqp of the term. You who allow yourself to be taken into a dark room to get light. (Laughter.) Oh, yon fool, be ashamed of yourself 1 You will get light on spiritualism the moment you turn up the gas." (Laughter.) But the bride saith oome, the bride representing the whole oompany of living souls saved from sin by graoe and tneroy Divine. "I am here," said the evangelist, " to represent not only the unseen, eternal, glorious background of all preaohing, the patient, penetrating, soul awakening ministry of the Holy Ghost, but I am here to represent you on the human side." "Don't let the devil dnpe yon about the divisions among Christians. Borne of you men make a kind of eoward'* castle out of these divisions, and you oreep into that oastle to save your lazy soul the trouble of having to make np its own mind." (Laughter.) Bat there was agreement among all Christians on'the point of bis text—"Come to Jesus." (Applause.) "First oome, and then if you don't like it you oan be an infidel, or that milk-and-watersortof individual theagnostio." But no one would be an infidel if he came aright. No excitement wbb requited. "Don't wash yourself," he said, " in yonr own muddy tears or sorapeyourselves <n your own resolu tions." " After the spirital union to Jesus all the fine feelings oame; it is impossible that they oan be there before. You must oome as you are; you oan't corneas you aren't, oan you?" (Laughter.) When Mr. McNeill bad ooDoluded the whole oongregation bowed their heads in prayer, and the oomplete unbroken eilenoe wbioh reigned was oharaoteristio of the obedienoe of the audienoe to the preaoher's command. 