THE GHOSTS APPEAB, It was not Dir. Wise alone who appeared in tlio Legislative Assembly on Thursday night. Behind him' stalked a ghost, a multitude o£ ghosts. Hot magnificent or terrible, but sufficiently real to bo awesome even: to so material, nnd mundane a porson as 'Dir. Reid. They, 'we're born of tho broken promises,' the forgotten pledges, tho abandonment of all by which in election timo ho swore to stand. Was it for this I made thee, asked Dir. Wise, voicingj.tho !quories of all the alleged majorities by whom the Premier enmo to power. Dir. Caiuiutiiehs, strutting in with his Land Bill, much after tho fashion of a: schoolboy .with his first completed essay, Was not tho figurothey had been taught to expect. The assertion matlo was the country languishes because fettered by' protection. Wti will knock oil' those fetters, and in the strength of the freedom thus given you shall advance. Sensiblo men should 'liaVo been- blind and insensitive to such appeals as was Canning's knife-grinder to the admonitions of his "wouid-bo liberator, but most men aro not wise at all hours, and so the man and jiis measures wore -taken on' trust;; and the great deliverance wits looked for. Dleh who had read and under-; slanded even n little of the histories-qf- peopjes and their- policies ..did not Ex pect much, for they knew that, our trade waB free enough for.our oiroum': stances, . No " knocking off of fetters " could make the farmer, prosperous or bring,- back again the rosy,, palmy days , of the rainbow gold to the dwellers in - cities. Success hud progress they knew oquld only result from dependence on their vwn grit and resource, and to encourage tho one and develop the other wers the chief duties of those who aspired to rule or to mould the State. , But tho phantasiasts had told us thnt there I was a royal roqd to national greatness 'as to individval prosperity, and'they wore sent into power forthesolepurposo Of- conducting us into it. In power, however, they fail as manifestly in fulfilment of any of their electioneering promises as does the recovering peni- 'fent from tho true religiou of his sick ness. They do do not want free-trade, 'and they do want Customs revenues, ;and therefore they betake themselves .'to other business. Had the question .been put to tho electors, Is Dir. Car- rutiiers or Dir. Copeland to be entrusted with reform of tho land laws? wo know very woll what the -answer would have been, but no such question was raised while Sir Henry Parkes was hypnotising St. Leonards, 'and Dir. "Wise Flinders, and Dir. Reid ..the various, other districts, which in "the desired condition mistook him for a ' statesman. They wero promised 'full dower of all the advantage iwhich follows this mysterious thing called free-trade, advantage which ;to such a country as Australia must 'for ever be fictional. The doctrines . which, wero so dear to the little mother isle can never apply to continents such W Australia or America. For Eng land to be great it was as necessary that Cobden and Gladstone should be free- traders as that Raleigh and Greville should be pirates. ;The privileged classes of their time Opposed that dovolopment of trade add manufacture which they knew to -be possible, and the freedom they de sired was to purchase means of life -in the cheapest market for the multi tudes whose coming they foresaw, Their theory was sound at. tho time. ,It stands justified in its own success ; 'but also it displays many symptoms of being worked out. Tho time Approaches when in England even another Cobden will need, to arise with andther financial creed, or- otherwise England's greatness . will have to rest solely on her mighty offspring, who may or. may not remain associated with her. But that the thing called . free-trade ever could be good for Australia is not to be maintained in the courts of reason. Each little struggling industry we have requires all tho help it can win from every other. Our own spinner must clothe our own farmer, and our own ironworker mine, and smelt, and forge, and mould for both, if we are to so multiply and increase as to in any sense occupy Australia. We want neither land-louping nor shopkeeping instincts. 'Tis not our mission either to drag the" produce and the raw mate rials of the world to our shores, or to take extraordinary means to feed and clothe a people destitute of native resource. Facts such a3 these occur naturally; or rather are ever pre sent, to - folks in their senses. But in the. lapses from a right and sound .understanding facts are forgotten, or phantasies are mistaken for facts, to the general though temporary perversion, AH wo heed to ask in the present is that those who-rose on the phantasies shall stand by and live on them. As free traders and free-trade reformers solely .the Reid party came in, therefore we are justified in asking tliem to continue. Any other view of the matter is, on the face of it, absurd, for it leads us to such proposals and conclusions as are a libel on- the whole people. The oho duty and requirement of the times is consistency. Wo were promised so very, much and so very promptly that 'tis reasonable to expect some slight; fulfilment, aQd yet so far there is no sign made. Single-taxers who wero led to hope that the sal vation of their croed was acoming should not bo more aghast than free traders at tlie way in which the prophets in power abjure the faith, and fall back on the common things 'which of old they declared "to be in no jWay essential. Where is the promised land ? they must needs be asking. Dis- ; close it to us, oratleastthe way thither, 'imd they are met by a babble of things which in no way directly concern them. It may be, of course, that they are foolish and to blame in such cavillings, as wero the sailors of 'Columbus . while no new world ap peared along tho horizon, but it is much to be feared that the cavillers in 'this instance will be painfully justified, and the fool's paradise of tho leaders of the expedition never realised. At any rate, if there is hope of fulfilment lot us have at- -least, earnest of, it. Other things may be desirable, but the essential should surely come first. That is, of course, ,if the leaders of tho time are to be regarded as honest and honorable men. But do not the ghosts appear again when even such a sugges tion as this is made ; and are we able to Hope that they will be.laid by any such newborn honesty of purpose on the part of the prophets as we have a; right to expect and demand ? - 