OUR NOVELIST AiiSiiss tmmiT' By thn author of ' Tho Cost -\f Qonquosl A Wife's »-iwiiflfo,' tf o, 'CHAPTER XXXIV. HOMB, Xandls proclaimed j 'tis a joyous sound, \on gallant vcssol is homoward bound. Soo on her clock gny numbers pour, Seeking a glimpso of their native shovo, —Anon, It was a queer stoiy tlio men all Agreed, and 0110 ov two asked for U10 'ondofifc.' it n^, uiiui, waa wiu ouu us nir us I waa concornotl,'tho boatswain said, ' It was quite enough for mo to find a husband for my own dear wife come tumbling downstairs like that, I can toll you. It would liavo boon enough for any of you, ,1'm sure,' 11 A bit too much, I think,' ono of tho men said, ' But about tho ghost, mate— was thoro ovor a ghost at all ?' 'Woll, I don't know. That was tliQ bnly gho?t that I ever saw j it 'was no good trying to got anyono to livo in tlio old house, and thoy pullo'l it down. Thoro was some talk about thoir having found tracos of a gang of coiners in tho collar. If tlioy did it \vas thoso gentry who had boen play nig ghosts for thoir own onds. Any way, nno piaco was Kiioolcecl down, ami new ones put up whero it stood, ami thoro aro few people now who re member anything about it. It's nigh upon twonty years ago, and i hero's como to be quito a town whoro my littlo home and that old placo used to bo.' l ' And the man who came back ? ' naked Mr. Poters. ' Was ho glad or Horry? Was ho solfish in his own happiness and ignorant of tho mis chief ho wrought, or did lie repo it daily, hourly, and wish himself lyiii,,' , uivlor the doep wators of iho ssa i-' ?' Heaven bless you, sir, ho didn't know anything/' Lookyor saiil, wondering at the eager tono of tlio speaKer. ?? ±10 was maa, poor follow 11 He didn't know his wife P' ' Oh, yes, ho knew hor. I don't think he could havo been quito gono when he first came — only woak. ] t was the shook.' 11 Oh, yes, unprepared — coming home to hope, and lifo, and happiness, and finding all blank. Hoa'ven help him ! It is enough to make mankind doubt the justice of heaven that such things can bo,' ' It wasn't anybody's fault, sir,' the boatswain said,' thoughtfully, ' It was just ordainod that it was to bo so. I suppose there was a Pro vidence in it somewhere, though it was hard to find. It seems to mo it would havo boon bettor if tho poor chap had nover come back at all.' ' Better !' Aye, a thousand times hettfli' !' Mi-. PAtnvH nvnlfumnrl. » IF he had known what was before him he had better havo sought out a death for himself— stepped over iho threshold' of tho next world, and ? found out tho secret of tho tang'lo of this life for himself.' Lockyor strokod his chin thought, fully, and began to havo some insight into the excitement of Mr, Poters. ' Well, ho didn't, you soo, sir, Ho just came straight to tho wifo who had nevor boon untruo to him in thought or deed, and made a tanglo that if wo had beon rioh folk would nover have boen undone. My child ren were bastards, and my wifo no I. my wife, and I should havo gono straight to the clogs butforhorgentlo pleading. ''Don't do anything rash, dear ?Taok,' she said. ' If our hearts break wo must do our duf-.y.' ' And mine did break almost, but I came away to sea, and did hor bid ding. Wo could only pray for ono another. Wo had the children to link us together, and I worked for them at sea, while Mary cared for them ashore, and nursed that noor creaturo that was never any moro than another baby till ho died. Sho got help_ from ono and another, for it was a pitiful talo altogether, and tho parson of tho parish mado it known, and said Mary had behaved like a good, brave woman, and that I ? But thore's no call for what they said about me. It didn't matter much ; they didn't believe me, anyway. i ' Mary got a matter of five shil lings a week as long as ho lived, which was a great help, and many clothes and things from kind people round about, and when his timo was come, poor ohap, he died blessing her, with no memory of the broak up he had made by coming back, and no ro olleotion that his Mary had ever turned to anyone else. It had all gone out of his poor, muddlod head when he had that fall ; no doubt when ho went aloft he understood it all hoy say everything is to bo mado olear to us then. You're very good 1 0 listen to my yarn, Mr. Peters, sir, I'm clumsy in telling it, but it's true,'1 ' I am glad I heard it, Lockyor,' ' I'm glad to hoar you say it, sir.' ' I have learned somothing from it that I shall, maybe, aot upon if I am spared to reach tho shore. ((tIf,'sir!' ' Yes, ? if.' There's no knowing what may happen.' ' You're noi so ill as that, sir, 1 hopo.' Mr. Poters had risen, nnd was standing leaning over the bulwarks with tho boatswain beside him. ' No, I am not ill. That, is, not very, but I think now and then that, it would bo an onsy way of getting rest, just to seek it down thoro. It looks liko poaco, does it not P' ' Lor', sir, don't do anything of that sort ! I'm not a roligious man, and can't talk cant and turn 11 p my oyos liko somo do ; but thoro is somothiug to como after, I boliovo that, and wo don't know what it is. ?' True.' ' It was that that kopfc mo back when my misery, seemed to drive me on, and tho waves underneath seomed to sing to mo in a whisper liko of tho poaco and forgetfulnosa that I should find iim1nviinnf.l- flmm Stay hero, sir, till your timo comos, Maybo whatever is gointj hard with you will right itself as my trouble 'did.' ' Not in the samo way, perhaps. Death does not come so conveniently in all oases, I have boon glad tohon'r ? your story, Lockyor, It had dono mo good.' ' I'm glad to think it, sir.' , , , Lookyer ponderod a good deal over the odd words of Mr, Poters, and, as ho said to himself, to put two and two together, Ho watched him narrowly for tho rost of the Vttyngo, but ho gain ? od no fuMlitett due to his moaning. Ho novor alluded to tho boatswain's story ngain, nnd seemed to got. moro and more depressed as tho Goompteo nonred the Nuglish const, Ai. l ? . j 1 11 i__i ? 1 ? _.. ? _.i n.b lengui T.110 iookoiuj announced ' 1/ftiul ahead I' and everybody crowd* nfl on dock to catch sight of What look ed m yet only like a streak of gray cloud on the far horizon, It was land— England. Aud ovory body began to bustlo about in a state of glad oxoitomont and preparation ?? all but ono. Mr. Potors shut him r elfin his cabin and burfad his head in tho cushions of his berth) to shut out tho sights and sounds of the happy confusion in tho ship. ' Bottor a grave at the bottom ' of tho sen, Bottor a long-life imprison ment in a madhouse than such a homecomiiiR1. How will it ond? What oan 1 do P Heaven help mo ! Nothing! nothing but endure.' ' Poters !' Ho started up at tho sound of his name, to see Captain Noakos stand ing in the doorway. 11 1 don't want to intrude,' ho said, in his jovial, kindhearted way ; ' but E shall want to out mysolf in a hund red piocos by nnd bye to do all that is wanted of me. I only want to sny that you must lot me bo your banker till you can get. monoy for yourself. You will have a journey to tako, I daresay.' 11 Aiournov ! Yes.' ' Aud of course, your friends onii not know that you aro coming, It will be a joyful surprise to them, doubt loss.' 'A surprise, Joy is another mat tor altogether.' Ho spoko in a hard, cold tono, nnd in a jerky way, as, though the words wore boiiig forced out of him; but ho made n violent effort to bo natural when ho saw tho pained surpriso iu the'.kind captain's faco. 11 I'm not nngratdful,' ho said. ' T cannot tell how to thank you for tho kindnoss you have shown mo. I am only wretohod— tho most, miserable man uiihu urouiiiiua tuu im- ui nun von at this moniont.' ??' You aro ill. You will fool very differently when you aro at homo again, and your friends round yon,' ' Friends ! echoed Mr; Peters, with a wild glitter in his oyos j ' I havo none, Thoro is not a'vhomeless name less wrotch in all the world moro friondless than I am. I thought I had a homo, I have none, I deemed that I should only have to soo my own land onco moro to find a wolcome, Thero is none waiting for mo. Captain Noukes in his amazomont could find no worls to answer him, and he wont on. ' I can got money— at least, I think I enn, ' I know whoro to go whero I can prove who I am, and get what will ropay you, Will you lend me fivo pounds, and trust mo to repay you if J. livo P' 1 iweiity 11 you wiuiu mum ; uiil a trust you are mistaken, indeod I do, Eibout' your welcome. I understood you to say thoro was ono waiting for you,' ' I thought 80, 1 thought so. I have been undecieved, I cannot tell you how. I am not mad, though you may think mo so. Some day yon will understand.' Captain Noakes did think his in sanity was coming bnok, but ho said nothing, He gave him the money, trying to make him tako double tho amount, which ho Btoadily refused to do, and loft him to himself. Ho had little time to think of any ono person after his intorviow with his quoer passenger. They wero rnrridlv nearincr tho land, nnd all sorts ot things had to bo attonclccl to in which his-voico and presenco wero wanted, Plymouth was their des tination, and a whole bevy of delight od friends appeared to greet Mr. and Mrs. Adah1 after their long sojourn abroad. Tho other passongers, too, met with glad welcome, and tho mon's wives, Lockyor's among tho rest, wero in waiting for them) when the Goomp tee got in, Mrs. Lookyor was a stout, comely looking woman, fat, fair, and decided ly forty-live, and she camo off in a boat with a whole baskotful of fresh provisions for her lord, who could not bo spared to go ashoro this first day, Mr. Poters scrutinized hor from his cabin window. ' Ono may livo clown sorrow,' ho mntterod. ' She bears no trace of tho fiery ordeal sho has passod through , It has not searod hor faco or whitened hor hair. Whero does tho panacea for such ills lie P' The captain asked him to remain on board as lone as he liked, but ho only said ? ' I will trespass till aftor dark, if pouploaso — no longer. I don't look juito liko another man, I knew, and I ion't wish to have a mob at my IiooIh, I shall go to London by tho night mail.' So, till after dark he stayed aboard, and then wont his way, taking leave of all with hcartfolt thanks. ' Heaven will bless and roward you if I cannot,' ho said to Captain Noakos. ' You will find tho bread that you cast upon tho waters for mo.' ' You havo moro than paid mo in a hnndrod ways already. Good bye, and I hopo you will find a welcome in spito of y'ciur forebodings.' Mr. Potors only shook his head, and pressing tho captain's hand, wont down into his boat and was takon ashore. ' There's an end of 'Poter,' ' tho chief mato said, as tho boat disappear od in the dnrknoss, ' I don't think so.' ' Don't you P I wonder who ho is P' 'Ho took earo wo should only wondor,' tho captain said. ' I'm sorry ho's gono. Tho old ship won't be the samo without him.' ' Iio's boon gono ovor sinCo his wits camo back, and ho turned into Mr, Poters, 1 suppose wo Hhn.ll novor hear any moro of him.' The chief mate was mistaken, as wise inou sometimes aro, In loss than a week Captain Noakes received a letter which made him open hifi eyos, Bank notos to fcho amount of IMiy [IMU1UH rUVUtllt'U HIUJIIBUIYCB wlion tho cnvclopo was opened, and a lottor, not long, but' to tho purpose, 'Dear Frihnd,— For I can oallyou nothing olso after your good deeds to mo — I was right in supposing I should bo able to got monoy, and haston to return your loan. 1 wish I could do it a hundredfold— though no monoy could pay what I owe you for shelter and kindness, But for tho nrosont, at least, I am a poor man, Will you pay yourself and divido tho rost I among my old comvados in tho foro cnstlo, whom ' Peter ' will ovor carry in affectionate romombranco. If we novev moot ngain this side of eternity, take all tho thanks a grateful man can give from yours, faithfully and sorrow fully, 'PUTKIIH,' ' Captain Noakes, No sign to tell who ot' what Peter might, bo, Not ti dubj savo tho post mark* General Post Oflloo, London - which doesn't toll much; (To bo Continued^ ? 