BELIGIOUS SERVICES. Sr. MARK'S GOLDEN SQUARE.—Harvest thanksgiving services were held yesterday The church was decorated with fruit other products of the field and orchard. The olioir snog appropriate autborno verv ni«^ ua iMisS Abbott rendering ; the solo nadll very wpablo and tnUingjottariar. Ibo wasocouplod in- tho> moral ngby m- r'f’ 1 Oakes, who,topkilila toxt,froj3a Hebrew*' ' chapter, 3rd yeirM: . itlie &». profloliod In tlio> afternoon. Ids ». i W k«,fram. St otoJKb verso. In tho ;pyoning tho preached from the words,' “ Whfttovmr „ I" 05 sbweth, that also will he roan.” Natum* 1 the: rov. gentleman,' abounded In ,a and one of -these spoke with special 10™,“* oiieli an. ooba'iibn As they--wora aai-i .- 0t| that night. Life is;bdi-thl aaodUmo lvhon 1108 sown the seed* thatarb lo brine . re happiness dr rtlsory. The ffrst ooi.n^ c bo dealt with is that what mnn sows ha reap. When a-farmer puts his seed .J 1 ground.ho doos it with.the oxpootatlon J ho harvest time, and what is true in if,* . ’ of matter is aisb truo in our Uvea " ** o man commits lie will have to ben* I£* consequences of. Sin j B like a boomerang when thrown, into space after a wbitn »f».- ; to the thrower. itoaplng time wifi !& come,! Young men who now say tbow y only sowing their Wild cats, should remind 0 that they will wap them, and the reaping will.be a harvest of vieo are people who say they want to bav« iu* fling now, and for'those there is great d.** God may give, thorn time for reoentan«. D8 t 11 '* tboy will ilill to.. I. r«,p SS , t S; l, "S their sin. King David was a man air* God\pwn heart, and ho sinned eriow>n» but if ever a man got paid back la hi'anl*’ coin he did. . A person may be saved, & nevertheless, the sins ho sows in ihi. ? bo will have to reap. And the ouniiiw r <1 may be greater than the sin. Jt d 0 !> men{ ’ take long tb sin, but the reaping i s i n ” no * hard, 1 sin oin bo* done in fc? but the punishment may extend over *» Sin is also.very prolific. One miBde«a y i° ttr ?* to another till the unfortunate sinner stS aghast , at what ho has to reap r„ morning is tho proper time to sow’ seed ». thus also the seeds of virtue should bo i;in the morning time of life when the heart i! tender. And these heart fields alirju u carefully watched, for Satan, If h 0 JJJ 1 5* plant a crop, of .evil amongst tho good ’ /• EAdtBiuwjK; Bible ,.CnEistixn’ services word held yesterday; ft, rbn’ m ,i”t eo the Rev. Mr. Yoo preached from fclaTi chapter, lUh verso, “Watchman wS of it Night.” Tho Rov. Mr. Bottle ooStoi S' ofternoon aorvloe,btwing an interesting addr* ® on tho words, “Looking unto Jesus th! author and finisher of our faith.” In ihoatln 8 ing the Rev. Mason oboso as his text' the Si vised version of , Corinthians, 3rd ohantl ond loot yoroo, “ Bnt w„ .11 „ UI , faoo reflecting os a mirror, tho glory of Iht Lord, are transformed into tho same W from glory to giory oven ae from the U t f the spirit. Paul bad written the letter to the Conhthians in groat anxiety ie2 they should wander , and fall into sin. It mu always hard to do the right and lie fj but this hard work tended greatly to’ tbt development of the soul. Tho people of Corinth, which was the wickedest oily On the eartV bad peculiar and special temptations and Paul bad good reason for hik anxiety and bis earnest wish to develop their manhood and womanhood. The great idea of the text was the duty of .Christian reflectorsbip, Qod reveals himself through Christ, and Chrirt should bo reflected by the Christian. This was tho explanation of tho seeming paradox. “No man bath seen God,” and “Blessed an the meek, for they shall seo God." Christ was God f s reflector, and oveiy Christian must bo o mirror and catch the wonderful image of the Lord Jesus Christ, and pabslfc On to eotn'd portion of the world. The word “unveiled" as used in. the new version was very expressive The finest gauze over a light would partially obsonre it, and the most delicate texture would bp sufficient to dull a reflection Therefore the mirror must be open, clean and free from dust The next condition was an open mind-’ There'was - such a thing as an honest'doUbter/lmt be nidet'alsoixUh honest seeker for the truth, having a mind uopreja'. diced and open to conviction, was never more necessary that at’the’ present day, when the tide of rationalism was rising so .cry of the workless and the downtrodden, was rising tip. Open hearts wore needed, and it would be folly to close tho heart against the love of God and the goodness pf the Saviour. There werd people who mot in ohuroh Sunday after Sunday, and whilst convinced for years, ' wore' never converted' on 'account of ■ the lack of • an' open f heart. ' Tfteti , the'souls have 'to bb constituted l ightly. 'There were’mirrors so* shaped as to produce al]' sorts of ‘distorted reflections oi objects, and in such’ a mqhnor woqld a soul wrongly constituted produce a distorted, un recognisable image of Christ; People would : look at this kind of soul mirror and seeing the distorted image excuse themselves from following'ahd so the work would be retarded,' mirrors, would also correct placing. An axiom in the study of light was, “ The angle of refloolion is exactly equal In ( Uio angle, of inoidenoe,” dud. likewise the mirror; if properly • placed, woald reflect tho image of Christ in the sam6 r degree or angle as it was received. Tho lesson of tho text was thafc oaoh was to be a reflection of tho Lord Jesus Christ,, to catch bis glorious beams and turn them on to the world. Foeksx Stubbt WksleYan Ghurcit.—The Rev, Mr. Qsbohio occupied the-pulpit yester day morning and' preached from Acts II, 4, “And they wore all filled with tho Holy Ghost.” The great outpouring ,of tho Holy Spirit on tho day of Pentecost, to which tho text related,'bad ocoapiod fcho minds of the prophets for hundreds of years before it took plaoe. Joel 800 -years before- said “I will Eonr out my spirit upon all flesh.” Isiah ad prophesied “I will pour my spirit upon ■thy seed.” John the Baptist in later days and with greater distinctness had foretol the great outpouring of the Spirit and [Christ himself had .made frequent promises and allusions to' it. The pentecosUl sift was- o ' fuller manifestation of tho Holy Spirit and hot- by any means tbs flrOt appearance. The same spirit had taken part in the creation, ahd< bad boon with all the good mop of the-Old TcstamonL It bad not boon unknown to, the --disoiplcs end apostles before, this particular day, but had had partial possessibn of them. Now, bow 4 ever, it was more fallyrrov'oalfffl to'thom/ahd in lutdre irye'd jn %e‘rq and fliTed M ve 5: H wqs ;a spoqlal at a speoiij p - bansrQcmcd thom- and made new pieh Of them. Before Peatocost they were afraid of men ;i after wards stood before kings and princes, in trials and dangers with out a flinch. The Holy Qhosfc drove oat all fear bqt the fear' of God;- >}Formerly they bad bariial •' desires, : - 'wanting-. ond expect* ing a tempbral.kiDgdQm, and selfish inge for • themsel ves ”■ Ih'eV'principal places in' the -Govenimonl.' this ;disappeared at the'.presonob; of . .the . Holy Ghost, Pentecost. •' Their and narrownbss was.all drlvon' out, and; tjidy became noble minded . and loving.’; Tfabro; were pAriloptf mdnyr ot God’s people;.tvhb were : ‘in tho 'position of, the disciplos grior to Pentecost The state of lukewarmness .was bafl, bpt tk? /atate of . hpjngj’satjsflod , lagowarmnesq was m an y degrees; iybeso. . They poald nq tnore do witboat tho grace,of tho spirit than the prophets and -deseiploa : Qoqld, and the .'spirit could very -easily the obtained if the noeossary conditions were'carried out First there roust be a-sense of need; . The disciples felt keenly their want ' of and they waited; earnest,' •' moditalivo, believing prayer..:' Obod ion cowas i Hi per ali , also full and’entite Tnp ; gift must bo asked for, and 'lastly- received by faith, for “ Sb'if ye being earthly know how to give good things Qnfco 'yourrQhjldrejo, i. hdw muqh more i giTJ gobdgilfc3.untbyori; u - /v ’ ' V'. 