TUltF JOTTINGS. Mr. Justin M'Sweonoy, a woll-known figuro in the Turf world, has rogiBtored his racing colors — black and whito stripes. Tho tirao made in tlio Canterbury Welter Uaudicup ou Saturday was returned, in error, as lmin 574suc, instead of lmin CI'Jbuc. Tho Illawarra Racing Company has de cidod to hold a ruco meeting on Saturday, Soptomber 29, for which a programme will shortly bo iasued. Kalo, a Now Zealand liorao, at present nt the Btud, is for salo. This is tho animal that created a surprise yuan* ago at an Easter mooting in Auckland, when ho paid u dividend of .£250, winning on tho post. He nevor won a race afterwards, and won rery few before. The death from innatnation of tho intes tines of the brood mare Tho Gift is reported from Mr. S. Hordorn's farm, Bow ral. Tho Gift was a good performer, and won both in Mr. H. Oxenham's and Mr. B. Hordern'a colors. Sue was by Somnus from Littlo Warner. Tho particularly good nomination of 157 horses was inado on Monday for halfa dozen racos to bo ruu at Eosehill on August 11. There are 41 in tho Granville Stakes, 17 in the Hurdle Kace, 23 in tho August Handicap, 23 in the Corinthian Plate, 19 in the Juvenile Stakos, and 31 in tho Woltor Mile. The ontries niadj for Hawkesbury County Purso and Grand Haudicap total C3 and 43 respectively, and are theroforo satisfactory. Among the lot catalogued are Hirondnlle, E.K., Ebony, Milkmaid, Florrie, Whakawatea. Eogina, TJtter, Panoply, Juessmaie, .uuccioucn, iruuriimuuu, i.i»tv-- man, Thespian, King Orry, and The Trier. Says tho Isdiax Planters' Gazette.— ' A Calcutta correspondent of a Kangoon weekly makes a somewhat unwarranted attack upon Alf. Harrison, tho new book maker from tho Cape, and throws a doubt upon his stability for which we can seo no ground. Tho same correspondent makes some equally pointless remarks about Gold Bplnk, another o£ the fielding guild.' Chester's brother, St. Georgo, heads the list of winning stallions in Now Zealand for the season now closing, and Bluotiro, a two-year-old by Maxim, is at the head of winning horses as far as stakes won is con cerned. A vory complete return has been compiled by ' Oileus,' sot out in tabular form, which also shows Mr. G. G. Stead to havo won more than any other New Zealand owner in stakes, the amount being .£3500. The horso of tho century, Ormonde, is not all paid for yet, judging from law pro ceedings which took place recently in London. Mr. Itoss, as everyono knows, had a grievance against tho coal millionaire, Mr. Macdouogh, for commissions, and what Sir. Sam Weller termed the ' big vigs '?? were deputud to settle it. Mr. Frank Lockwood ' sported silk ' as his wont, but ic soon became apparent that tho affair would ond in a walk-over, ' a juror being withdrawn.' Ormondo has cost his owner another cool thousand. Tho owner of Guannco considers that, littlo horso lias done enough on tho race course, and has advortisod him for sale. Guanaco is a diminutive thoroughbred model, handsome, and showing plonty of quality and strength. His winning list includes 20 races, and as ho is only Gyrs old, and is sound, ho ought to be a. useful addition to a breeding stud. Guanaco is by Prodigal (by St. Albans) from a Kings ton maro, and has beon credited with threo champion prizes at the Iioyal Agricultural SIiowb. Indian Planters' Gasette uay3 : — 'Green, tho Australian horse-importer, is selling off his lust shipment with fair rapidity — a good many of tho hacks have found buyers. Ho has disposed of tho trotting maro Princess for 3500rs., and a fine pair of carriago horaes for SOOOrs. We call tho attention of up-country sportsmen to that uncommonly smart horao Cullodon, who is an honest, sound and good all-round' animal. Just the cut for a Grand Military, ho is a porfect fencer, and only six years: old.' A Blackburn gentleman who drew tho English Premier's attention to a speech mndo by a local Congregational Minister, in which lie said ho confessed to a fueling of bitter humiliation when ho read of the Prime Ministor being the owner of a Derby winner, and standing to win or lose thou sands of pounds ou tho race, has received thofollowingreply^ — 'US, Herkoley-HC[uare, W., Juno 13, 18U-1. Sir,- 1 am deairud by Lord Kosobory to thank you fur your letter and its onclosuro. Ho will offer no opinion on tho letter, for these matters should bo dealt with according to the good tunto, Christian charity, and knowledge of facts possessed by each person that touches on them. — I am, yours faithfully, N. Watee pield.' By tho steamer Tasmania, which reached horo on Sunday last, there arrived throo horses from Auckland (N.Z.), in charge of tho well-known Maoriland trainer, Guorgo Wright, who is nt present quartered at Bandwick. Tho trio were : Stnmnoor (Ingomar-rOnyx), who ran second to Pegasus in tho Hawkes Bay Guineas last October, and won a short race in Auck land subsequently ; Royal Ko.se, by King Cole (siro of Nelson) out of Rosalind ; and n. three-yoar-old namod Whitford, by Nordoufoldt out of tho Panic mare Urassolis. Tho last-named was bred by Mr. L. D. Nathnn, and has not yet been broken in. Thu, animals wero landed without a scratch, and wore on Monday taken out to their now quarters nt Kandwick. Wright has now half-a-dozen under his care, the other throo being Threo Star, Acono, and Tho Dancer. Tho firat- nainod will pro: bably bo taken back to llaoriland to cc\ peta in tho N.Z. Cop in Ho*« -b«r. Jookoy Wntts recolvbd 2500dol from Lord Kosobory for winning tho Two Thou Hand Guinoaa with Ladas. Mntthow Daw son had nevor soon the colt ruu in public until that race. Ladan has now won sUkos of the valuo of 47,000dol. Horso runaways are unknown in Russia. No ono drivos iu that country without having a thin cord with a running nooso around tho nooks of tho team. When an animal bolts this cord is pulled, and tho horao stops as soon as it fools the pressure on its wiud-pipo. ' A correspondent nuggoats Boveral names for unnnmod youngsters, including the following:— Mr. W. Miller iib br o, by Lochiel — pister to Margravo, ' Lock mastor.' Mr. S. Hordorn'a br c, by Hotch kias— Onyx, 'Synopsis.' Mr. J. liurton's b g, by Lochiel — Nancy Loo, ' Lock Loo.' Mr. E. Cowan, ono of tho most vorsatilo anil all-round members of tho New Zealand Press, is at prerantou a Bhort visit to Sydnoy ou account of ill- health of a tueinbor of his family. Iu sporting circles in Australasia, Mr. Cowan is known as ' Buff and Black,' under which nom-dc-plume ho has written moBfc Buccossfully in Maoriland during the past olevou years. Fred Taral is auppoaod to bo tho riohost jockey in America. He owns n mansion at Ono Hundrod and Twonty-sixth-streot and Lennox Avenue, Now York City, for which ho paid 27,OOOdol in cash. Ho spent lO.OOOdol in .furnishing and fitting it up, going so far even as to construct a hand some Turkish bath. ? — — — Professor M'Fadyean, tho leading veteri nary bacteriologist in Britain, status that, although most British veterinary authors describo tho oquino species as unsuscoptiblo to tuberculosis, during tho past yoar no fewor than ton cases in. tho horse have como uudor his observation iu the Research Laboratory of tho Eoyal Veterinary College . in London. 'In tho past,' he sayB, .'the losions of. Hub disease in tho horse havo generally buen confounded with thoso.of glanders or cancer.' Tho Eov. H. E. Merriraan writes from tho Wesloy an parsonago, Flomington, solici ting assistance for William Aspihall, a jockey who a fow years ago was associated with tho racehorse Tradition. Aspinall, by roason of tho niauy accidents ho has met with, is unable to follow his calling, and for some- sovon years ho has been dopendont upon his wifo, who is a charwoman, for the means of subsistence. ABpinall has sought light employment, which ho could perform, from tho Victorian Kacing Club, but in vain, Suroly, says Mr. Morrimnn, the men who have dorivod pleasure and gain from Aspiuall's riding ought not to rofuso to cxtond him a holping hand in his distress. For souio tiino the Chicago police hare been trying to discover tho source of tho telegraph race reports to tho various pool rooms. Last week (says an exchange) they learned th'at a sporting man. had con structed a system whereby tho wires of tho Western Union Company wero tapped and the results of the races in all parts of tho country socurod. By moaus of insulators tho wiro3 leading from the Tromont House to tho Woatern Union building wore tapped, and a successful schoma of pirating conducted. Captain Duffy, of the Central Station, had an expert electrician to cut the wires. Tho scarcity of fast pacing mares is vory noticeable in America ; in fact, of tho 247 pacors constituting the 2uiin IGsec list, but 57 are mares, while only. 14 aro found in tho 2miu 12sec list, which numbers 70 in all. : The fastest yearling pacer is a mare. Tho 2min 12|sec of tho two-year-old Lona Uill is a close second to the 2 ruin llscc of Onliuo, and though tho coltr Manager (2min 11J) is tho fastest threo-y ear-old pacer, the champion fillies, Eifie Powers, with her race record of 2min 12}sec, mado last year, and La.Bello, with a time record of the same figures, which she got in ,1892, are not fur behind him in point of speed. Old timers must havo boon snrprisod at tho tamonoss of the wagoring (saya a Lon don turf writer) compared with tho gamb ling they havo seen at Ascot. There was no plunging throughout an unovontfult day, and had the ghost of Sir Josoph Hawley rovisited dainty Ascot he would havo been quite unablo to grasp the situa tion. After Blue Gown'a Derby, when ho had done in .£30,000 on his othor two ho got it all back, and a bit besido, at Ascot. But then Sir Joseph used to back his opinion, and over I'it/.roliuid, Musjid, and Bendsman ho won .£200,000. This yoar's Gold Vase, tho gift of Her Majesty, con sists of a silver gilt jardiniere with batii relievi of a Eomau chariot raco aiid tho I'oyal Arms as supporters, roses, shamrock, and thistle being prominent in tho design. The handles are lions' masks. The Gold Cup is in tho Elizabotlinn Btylo, with a stem composed of femiilo figures, fauns, and scrolls. Tho subject on tho body of the Cup represents 'tho Investiture of Burleigh, by Queen Elizaboth with tho Order of tho Garter— Her Arrival nt Kenilworth— Tho presentation of a golden arrow tipped with peacocks' feathors, and the water pageant.' Pom fora, a Wanganui colt, is reckoned to havo a good chance in the next Now Zealand Cup. Ho iB owned by Mr. J» Paul, a truo sport, who had a row with the Metropolitan Ohib of the district in which ho reBidos, and would not raco his horses at their mnotingR. Pom Pom ib by Wapiti (half-brother to tho celebrated Maxim and Tho Possible, who is reckoned to have a show in tho Caulfield Cup) out of Logera, and is a nice-looking youngster. His siro is the horso that was, years ago, takdn down to tho Napier Park (Hawkos Tlav) Meeting from Auckland, and won the big handicap, paying somowhoro about £50 dividend. That was the race Spado Guinea (King of Clubs— Eupoo), tho Now Zoaland Cup winner, started .favorite for, and ran absolutely last. ? Tho : soiiBational win of tho horse ownod by an Auckland butcher was not tho only incident of the raco. A man named Hognh, who hod half a-tickot on Wapiti, and who wp.3 standing on the opposite side of -the course to the grand stand, bobbed: his head underneath tho rail and looked forward to Beo if Wapiti had got homo, and just then the last horso. Spado Guinea, caino along and cut his ear clean off with her hoof. Hogan woro an artificial ear for a long time after wards, and was well known in the Taradalo district. Spado Guinea is dead and Hogan is in tho Wellington Lunatic Asylum. On tho Rnmo day, Wapiti walkod in in tho Flyinir Handicap, and paid his investors .210 odd. ________________ 