A HFAH MAM'Q QT u P P ITirillU L l ) 04.- Detective Story, BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. CHAPTER XLVII. THE PKODIGAXI BROTHER. , Uncle Holly came late to breakfast next> morning, so late, indeed, that all the I family hadbreakfasted, and only Valen- j tans remained in the morning- room, ' loitering over a vase of roses upon a law jide table. When the maid had put down his coffee ltd muffins, and retired to bring the glass of milk which he often took with his jaorning meal, and now demanded, Valentin*,* who had been'chatting brightly across her shoulder, came close behind his chair, and, while in the act of leaning over to place a rosebud beside his plate, said, jart above her breath:" " Beta will see you in my boudoir when you havefinished here j" and, as the door swung toe^ ud a second maid game in with hffll tiujihe*, she went on louder and with J|fc|gPl nonchalance, " My red AtacaTF'Hiy, by the 'way, has three blossoms; if yon will not keep me waiting too long, I will take you to my bondoir and lit you peep at it." In spite of this bait, " ¥ncle Holly " Bade his slow and hearty breakfast, while Val ehatted with him across the table, and made believe eat a saucer ef strawberries, ind when he had finished, they went up the stairs together, she still talking airily, ind he-wearing inhis button-hole the roeebud she had placed beside his plate. In the upper hall they encountered Brenda, aji$L Valentine said at once: "Mr Holly is coming to see my red 13yj there are three this morning ; won't jou come, Brenda F" Brenda's answering smile was very ihadowyj "Thank yon, Val, I think I oust go en. Brook has been quite ill •gain, Doctor Ware telfcr me. I am going to see him," and they went their separate ways. The boudoir was untenanted when they entered it, and Valentine, merely proffering him a chair by the balcony window, where the vases of lilies were blooming, nodded her head and passed on to the next room. A moment later he heard a door close aharply, and then BOSK entered through the carhuned doorway by which her newmistress had gone. She held a key between her thumb and forefinger, and glanced at it as she approached him, sitting promptly down nponthe light chair which he had pulled close before him. She has shut herself into her dressingroom, and made me lock her in/' Sou in her quiet tones. " She's so charming, it's really a pleasure to be her maid! only she won't let me do my whole duty," she stopped as abruptly as she had begun, and drew a folded paper from the bosom of her dress. " If B there in detail," she said, in a business-like tone.it's as you supposed j evidently she has neVez thought, of anyone questioning Judith, and has never cautioned her/' " And yon found it all out ?" "All l Well—I found oat that—at the time of her marriage she had the full set; they were made at Tiffany's, and bear his mark.. There was some sort of wager, or est, which ended in her giving them each one." "One? You are sure of that ? One to eachP" " Sore 1 she has the rest; the brooch and ear pendants still." " And Sarita P" he asked. She glanced at the paper still in his hands. " Sarita is more reserved than I could wish," sfafoeaid* , r ** Simrnot in'thetooit state of mind for sociability just now," he replied, smiling a little; "have patience, and drop a word or two, at^therigbt time, on praise of ttr ; Brook Deering." " Yon. meta—the good-looking, blonde invalid t" * "The same." Brook Deering was lying upon his bed when Doctor Ware visited him that morning. He was wrapped in a loose dressinggown of a purplish blue shade, and the oolour «mjflM&iedkhe; pallor of his - face ud made him lookjghastly. He had, parsed another restless night, and had been taanbled again by the ghostly footsteps.; He was ver^ nervous and unusually tal&atite; And, this morning, he hadnodoipt regarding his night's experience. He lad not dreamed it; it was a ghostly viatation. He had heard his dead father's footsteps ih his old room, of that he was sice. He told the story to Brenda when ale came., to see him, although he had bteu soreticant about his first experience; and had enjoined upon the doctor the sfeicteebsecrecy; and when dame in/ a little' before luncheon time, he told it;to him. When Sarita was admitted to lis room, still later, for Doctor <W«e had prohibited a morning visit, and limited that of the afternoon, he told it over again toiler, in the presence and hearing of William , By the not morning it was known all through the house that " Mr Brook " bad bard uncanny footsteps in his father's loom, and that he was almost" out of his Bind " SqNeonsequancej and while they were discreetly quiet in the presence of jaeir superiors—below stairs the servants _ occurrence over and iver. •-•'-* "" Meantime—as the doctor had predicted ^Sarita'B first midnight ramble was folded by a second; and this time, when the went up the stairs leading to the mantod, with half of a fresh candle in the fort bags <pandle-stand, she found the tar at the top open. e eflfcereathe older attic at once, land' «>®o wandering about—carrying the ®>fidle with a firm and steady h«md—she •Pltoatied the door of the inner and >»*er apartment. At first she tried to Van if, but when this failed she put down cjcsadle as before, and after seeming to waa moment with her ear close to the knoisked auree knocks, slow and Waict, the same as before. lbrb|gh»Jwho had possessed himn«lf of fflcfegh to unlock all of Beechwood, craned this ""V^r^c the first attic * leadl&*the inn&'one secure.' 'I don't want to let her into that inner " " he had said to the doctor,«' until I e examined it again myself, and can einore time to it. ,j*rita lingered for feome time at the of the inner attic; but finally .she up the candle and retraced'her steps y with lagging and reluctant move- J^the foot of the stairs she seemed to jj®. and then, as before, she put the down upon the steps and went toward the front of the house, too, the detective had prepared the 8641 a Uinit kit?" o®*' her move- -7®- She found the door of Mr Deer- 8 chamber not only unlocked, but ajar, and she entered readily, d thought it best not to cause warm to Brook to-night, and so, the dressing-gown hung over the as « — lutd been re- _ well in reached the Into *the m|t ' n that * m £ I S ^ S T C I ^ wtojtwwuy burned j^opfe ^ the middle of the tall-way was flickering and sputtering, and scarcely served to them the way through the big, shadowy place; but a moment later the | chamber, at the door of which they stood, from was dimly their station illuminated, outside and that they Sarita could had see lighted one of the burners in the dressingroom ,, . instead . of those . , in the chamber, and fch a P> leading this burning low, she was a f am m onter 1005:11 aad before the firef.J? 0 ®' .. Aa . on . the previous night, she lifted the dressing- gown and thrust her arms into the sleeves, drawing it about her so closely that the loosely scattered roses on the pale ground tint seemed to stand out like dark spots upon a moonlit surface, and then once again she seated herself in the great easy-chair. And now. as they stood close to the wall on either side of the chamber door, a sound from below causes them to start and simultaneously glide across the threshold, where they stand pressed against the wall and intently listening. The sound comes from that part of the wide hall where Brenda's rooms are situated, and it sounds ominously like the fegaiik of a door opened quickly. There is Imence fti¥ a moment, and then they hear another sound, and faiow it to be the soft trailing of a woman's dress across the hall floor. Into the mind «f each the same thought comes ; someone—Brenda or Valentine, or perhaps one of their maids, has opened a door, and has discovered the sputtering and dying hall lamp. No doubt tie person is about to extinguish it altogether. Brenda's rooms are not far down the hali, and on the same side as is that of Mr Deering, and almost opposite her door is Valentine's. Murtagh hopes that it may chance to be Valentine who is now so near them, and both men wish ardently that, whoever it is, the person wiU net pass beyond the lamp in the direction of the front. The light from the dressing-room sheds dim rays across the chamber, and almost to the place where they stand, and Sarita sits before the cold grate as move- Iras as themselves. If she will but remain thus, until the person in the hall has extinguished the light and retired—if she does retire. Meantime, in the hall, a little below the open door, Brenda Deering stands looking up at the lamp, which is almost out of her reach j she has scented, through the open transom above her door, the fumes of the exhausted and smoking lamp, to which the two watchers, in their interest in Sarita's movements, had not given a thought; and, perfect house mistress that she is, with a thought to the health and comfort of all her household, she has ventured out; she has crossed the hall without once glancing about her, and she now raises herself upon the tips of her toes, and lifts her arm to the burner overhead. Then, something tempts her to glance about her, before putting the place, and herself, in darkness. " All along the hall is the same dim quiet; all the doors are closed, and each, in its deep set casing, throws up a dark shadow, —all P—she lets her arm drop at her side, and lowers her heels to the floor. What ails her vision t Why should that one place—the place where her husband's door should stand—in the same depth of shadow as stand the others—why should she seem to see there a luminous bar not of light, but of something less dark and dense than the shadow ana above it ? Was it a reflection ? She looks about her, and takes a few steps forward, and then she draws herself suddenly erect, and her eyes light up with indignation. Brenda Deering, with her fine nerves and sensible trailing, never thinks of anything uncannj ia what she sees, for now she knows tha^ har de&dhusband;'s room is open; that the weird light comes from within. And she' glides quickly forward* heart thxobbiag angrily at the thought that someone, doubtless of hu own household, is pryis g, desccr&ting; her dead husband's owr— the place the has kept aa sacredly as it had btenin bis life. With lip parted, and quivering, but mot with fear, she creeps noiselessly up to the doorway and stands upon the threshold. She doea not set the dark form on either side, and very near her ; all that she realises is that the room is filled with grey, dusky light— she cannot see the source from where she stands—and that—sitting before the fireplace, dimly outlined, bat just as she hat often seen him, with one arm—clad in the rose-strewn grown,—and supporting his bsnfc head—and with the other outstretched along the arm of the chair—ah, the familia- Attitude!—sitting thus is—Lysander Deering—or his ghost. It lasted but aa instant, tnat thrill of horror, which, in another, leBi fine and strong, would have ended in a terrified shriek, that would have aroused every sleepu under that rcof; and then, with a low moan, Brenda Deering swayed, and wonld have fallen,bnt for the ready arms that caught and held htr, close and tenderly. "Quick—the candle!' Felix Ware is bearing down the corridor, with quick, soise- 1CM strides, and palpitating heart, a burden he would gladly hold and k?ep; and Murtagh, with one swift backward glance fit the figure in the chair, goes, with his fleetest stillest steps, to the place where the c&ndle; still burns feebly npon the stairs. By the faint light from the open windows, Ware can see a wide couch opposite the door, and there, slowly, gently, and most reluctantly, he laid her down; and when Murtagh appears with the candle he is kneeling beside her. " Put down," he says quickly, " she will soon rerivej go back after her." And Murtagh goes back to the somnambulist. In the dim light the doctor kneels, bis finger upon the slender wrist, marking the reviving pulse beats; there is a soft breeze blowing in through the open window; ia a moment those lovely eyes will unclose, and then—he stoops until his head is dose above her own,and one word escapes his lips in a hughe?, whisper; as if In response le ^t, the white lids are lifted, their eyaB meet, and, for one short seeond, there is no vail between the spnlB looking out of those windows. Then the brown eyes droop, and a soft colour stsals over the paleness of her cheeks. " Do not speak nor stir, Mrs Deering," he says softly ; " I can explain everything ; you have seen a sleep-walker, . that is all!" It is well that they are alone at that moment ; for the tenderness that he.must not, dare not, put into words, speaks in his vpioe, making words superfluous; and, for a moment, Brenda Deering is glad to l<e with closed eyes, and let the strange, new geniation of rest and reassarane encompasi and comfort her. She does not understand it, and dots sot seek to; and when a moment later, he gently puts down the wrist, in which the pulse is growing stronger, and rising, askB, stili with that lingering cadence so strangely comforting: " May I ring for your maid ?" she pjints mutely to the bell, which connects with Judith's room. The maid cornea promptly, and the doctor, having made a brief explanation, and promised to retarn with " Mr Holly " ai soon as she has reoovered a little and regained her calmness, goes in search of the other parties to thiB midnight episode; feeling somewhat anxious and uncertain as to the outcome. As he steps cautiously oat into the hall, a low " hiflt greets him, and he stops short. Not six lest away from him Murtagh stands flattened against the wall, and, just outside the door of Mr Dsaring's zoom, Sarita stands in theattitude of *fnelistening. For a Utile they stand to still, all three, that he can haar the ticking of his watch; then the woman wares her hand, as if in g*tam>to someone beyond her, ituids a few auwiMwMg^iBvmMidflb«i tttoiOiow •omeone to p3Ba, looks back, or Beems to, at if at someone entering the room, and finally comet gliding toward the two watchers; ahc p&usM; at the turn m the hall, looks back, and then goss on. faster now, and—though the hill here is almost shrouded in darknesa —with steps as sure a8 they are silent. This time, as before, she ignores the candle, which has bun restored to its place upon the stairway, and enters her room, leaving the door' wide open at before, and lying down at once. As before, the doctor places the caadls beside the bed, and closes the door. Then the two men crmsalt in low whispers, " What did y-.u tell htr ?" Murt«gh begins " The truth, uf cours.% That it waa asleep walker, nothing more. Bat there mast be an explanation." " Will you make it f Wa have about reached a point whore I must tell her of some of our discoveries. I can't go on until I do- But—it's too SJOU—* little. Who is with her V "Her maid.*' " The dark woman ? Well, she it as trusty as steel! You can tell the story from the physician's point cf vie.?, and no fear of the maid." He turnai away, then—" You might just say, for her benefit—I mean the lady's-maid—the lady will understand it— that I was disturbed by the noise, or that we were mutually areused—" He broke off and tu ned toward his own door with a smile upon his lipt; Doctor Felix, with a gesture of acquiescence, was going, with long, silent strides, toward Brenda * boudoir. Brenda listens to his story of the sleep' watking in silent surprise. Se tells of his first interview with Sarita, and, at delicately at possible, explains the part Mrs Mertonhat taken . in keeping the unpleasant business from Sarita's master and mistress; and Brenda listens with gentle words of sympathy for the afflicted ont, and kindly encomiums for good Mis Merton. " Poor Sarita!" she murmurs when all it told. "She must not be left alone after this! Someone' most remain with her at night, both for her safety, and to Beoure the inmates of the house against such a fright as I have had to-^ight." But, a little to her surprise, Doctor Felix demurs. " It will not ba wise, just now, to give Sarita a companion, It will be better not to let her dream that her secret is known Sach cases must be dealt with most delicately Then—he is interested in watching her symptoms. ID short, will Mrs Deering trust garita's case to him, and ba assure! that she shall have no mora cause for alarm!"etc, etc Of courss he has his will. Brenda only stipulating that she shall be informed if Sarita's case becomes worae, and that she shall bs given every possible medical aid and care. " Sarita," she says, in her sweet solicitude has been one of our household for half a life time, almost. She it devotedly attached to all of at, especially to Brook; who was, as you of course know, her nursling, and always to Mr Deering, to whom she oould never be grateful enough. And, indeed, my husband was a very good friend to h«r." Something, a note in the l&st; words caused Doctor Felix to lift- his head, which had been resting npon his hani, and to atk quickly " May I atk—do yen know—if the has any friends—in thiB country ?" "Her?" he was certain of a little move ment of surprise upon her part, and then she glanced toward her maid. " I hardly know now; there was a circumstance—some years ago—bat it's a bit of Sarita's family history —and will hardly interest you, or bs i projtos" " Pardon me. Anything you can tell me of Madam Sarita's past, will aid me greatly just now I" "It was some years since," Mrs Deering resumed, " ten, I shoald think—" " Pardon me!" the maid broke in depiecat iagly. " It is just nine years ago/' " Nine, thank you, Judith ; if you can tell Doctor anything more, pray do si. As I was saying, some nine years ago, Sarita came to my husband in great grief. She had found in a New York paper an accoant of one of those horrible saloon quarrels, that we read of so often—and among thoae who were hurt, was the name of a man who was, she was very sure, her brother. Her immediate family had baen, ev«n then, pretty well scattered, and she only knew, of this brother, that he'had been for some years in London, and that, at her last account of him, he contemplated going to Oanada. She has had but one correspondent from her own country in ali the years the has lived with us, and that was a c Basin, a woman of about her owa age, I should think; her brothers, I believe she has several, never wroie to her, probably could not write." "Itis more than likely. Aud—about this newspaper matter f" he urged, "Pardon ma. I am as digressive aa Mrs Nickelby," she smiled faintLy. " My huiband setiag her anxiety, took some pains to inqare into the matter, and foand it to have been, in truth, Sarita's brather who was injured; it came oat that the man was a rather disreputable character, and not alto gethtr a vistim in th3 affair ; but, of courae, Sarita's discovery of a brother's presence in this, to her, strange laud, arouasd her very much, sa ma'h that she made the one i mrney of her life, excepting, of course, the one across the ocean, and went to sss him. r ~ "Ah—and did hi; ever return that visit?" a ked the doctor eagerly^ " Fes. He came once, not Jong after—in fact as soon as he was convalesceat, I should fancy. I chanced to be absent at the time— so did not see him." "Ah—then you cau't tell ma if he resembled his sitter—or she him ?" - - " No;'' she turned to her maid who sat a little in the backgroun 1. Pefhapa Jadlth can." "If you wish it, madam/' murmured, Judith. " I—wish it," said the doctor qiickly, "and Mr; Deermg permits it, I am sure." " By all means," assented Brvssda. *' What is it that you with most to know ?" asked Judith, as if in doabt. " Tell me all you cau recall of this brother. 1 have my espscial reasons for wishing to know something ef one of Sarita's family. Did you ste much of him t" "Very little, sir. He came only to the kitchen door, and would aera entM. Ha was not too wall dmaei—thoa ?h I t iew Mr Deering ^ns moat generous to Sarita, a&d; that Srita gave him money. He scarcely stayed two days, and all that I can tell is that he seemed to want Sarita to take him in, to get him a place. I know that she asked Mr Deering to give him wark'aboat the garden or stables; bat, after aeeisg the man, and talking with him a little, he called Sarita aside and told her, very kindly, I oin sure, that her brother was evidently not fitted for either the garden or a groom's place, and he advised her to let him go elsewhere." . " And—he wegt *' "He went that day." "Have you heard of him since P" " No, sir. That is he never came back again—but he wrote to his sister aftsr he w«nt away." " Ah—dees he writs to her still ?" " I cannot say, sir. I have not heard her speak of him for a long time; not in two years, I am sure." Doctar Ware thanked her for this information, and put a few questions, thus getting a fragmentary description of this prodigal brother. And when hedropped the aubjectit was with the full intention of talking with Judith again—and alone. CHAPTER XLVIII, CONCEBNINO THE AMETHYST BUTTON. The dcy after Beenda's fright was a qaiet one at Beechwood; Brook did not leave his room and was very nervoue and strange. He would not be left alone for a moment, and kept Bruce at his side the greater part of the day. Doctor Wars also spent much time <ih«n« A» <9i Bnnfr, for the finit time •since Lysander Deering'a burial the did not appear at the breakfast table, sending Judith balow with her morning greetings and excustsi " It is not that she is really? ill," the maid had said in answer to Valentine's questions, " but she had not a good night, and feels the need of rest—and quiet. —No, she needed nothing," this to Doctor Felix, " only repose, and she would join them at diainer, doubtless." And this, indeed, she did; lying, meanwhile. for most of the day, in pale and serious tranquility, wondering why she should feel so strangely calm, and comforted, in the midst of so much that was yet sad, mysterious, and shrouded in doubt. In the absence and preoccupation of the others, Murtagh saw a wished-for opportunity, and, while the sun was yet in the east, he and Valentine, she with her book and he with the morning paper, found their way, evidently by mutual consent, to that bower among the trees where the hammocks swung and the rustic seats invited to repose, repose and seclusion in the midst ef the green <iorth lawn, where none save the birds in the branches above could possibly play the eavesdropper. Valentine Eodney was nothing if she was not direct—direct, serious, and fearless. And they were scarcely placed, she in a swinging hammock and the disguised detective upon a bench close by, when she turned her dark eyeB full upon him, with a shade of displeasure in their charming depths. Mr—Holly—If it is not. too much of a secret—I would like to know why your, or my new maid, must needs rummage in my writing-desk, and among my letters .The detective looked at her with a gleam of admiration in his eyes. "So," he said, half-smiling, "you haye found as out? Has Rosa's hand lost its cunning, I wonder ?" " Not at all; Bosa is very expert. Only, I chance to have a good eye for details, and fancying once that my desk had been disturbed, I set a little trap—as it were." " And caught Rosa ?" "No, only frustrated her plans, and locked my desk—I habitually leave it open—until I could ask you if this is a necessary part of your work—or—" " Or—if BOsa is doing a little wcrk on her own account, eh ?" He moved along to the end of the rustic tete-a-tete nea her, and leaned forward. " We must not do Rosa injustice. And se—what if I say that she is only obeying me ?" " Then—I ask again, why P" Murtagh's face grew suddenly grave, and his next words were uttered with quiet dignity. Mifls Rodney, have yon withdrawn your confidence in me P" " N—no," she said slowly. " No—but— " Then listen; and trust Bosa aa myself. She swears by you already. If I wanted her to do yon the least hurt, I fancy she would throw up the game, and turn her back upon me, practical, trained detective as she is. If I tell yon what she sought in your desk and among your letters, will you trust me, and ask no questions? Remember, I am working even in this matter —for you!" A moment her eyes met and questioned his, then she said impulsively: "Tell me! I do trust you. I must!" " I have a strong reason for wishing to see two specimens of handwriting. I' hoped to find them in your desk, and to replace them, without troubling you or arousing your wonder and anxiety." « Whose WHRAO ? 9" " Shall I have them ?" "Whose F* "Not Mrs Deering's,—and not Bruce Deering'a," He paused a moment. " Am I to have them P" he repeated. "Yes!" " Have you a specimen of Miss Wardell's writing P" She started, and was silent a moment. "Yes," she said finally. " And—of .Mr Brook Deering's ?" . " Brook's ?" again she hesitated. '»Yes." " I happened to know that Miss Wardell called upon jou, soon after your return from New York, npon some business connected with a letter. Don't look so~ surprised; £ have not been quite idle, and the servants will pick up these little morsels. Are you willing to tell me about this visit ?" Valentine's face was troubled. " This is necessary ®" she questioned. " Absolutely, and quite harmless as well. This shall never come back to you. In answering me, in telling me all, you are serving yourself and your own cause—not me." "Then," said Valentine, sitting erect and putting her book aside, " begin; I will tell you what I can." " Thank you! But please reBume your book, and let us seem, to any accidental observer—there can be no hearers—to be discussing pot try." They sat for a long time under the trees, looking as idle and comfortable as possible; but Murtagh, by degrees, was piecing toi gether the story of Ora Wardell's two visits IK> Beechwood : the first to return the exchanged, or mis-sent .letter from Brook Deering, and the second to secure the valuable recipe for Mrs Fram. This, and much more; and, later in the day, Bosa's duty was lessened, much to her surprise, by Valentine's self, who, sitting down before her open desk, deliberately made up a small packet, which die gave with a queer half smile into the maid's own hand, saying: "There, Rosa, take them to Mr Holly with my compliments! They are all there —and your hands are left clear for—some - thing else." There was a malicious little smile upon Valentine's lips, and an answering twinkle in Rosa's shrewd grey eyes, but no further word was spoken upon the subject of the letters, and Bosa was in deed and truth quite idle for the time. For two or three days after this, the time passed in seeming uneventfulness, and the house was still very quiet. Brook Deering did not seem to rally from the nervous attack which had caused him to consult, and confide in, Dootor Ware; and he kept his room now almost entirely. The nervous symptoms seemed to increase, and there were feverish symptoms too, with loss of appetite and sleep; and when Dootor Ware was asked about his patient's condition he gave evasive answers, or only shook his head and looked grave. In the servants' living room the case was discussed with interest, and all agreed that it was growing serious. " It's my opinion," said one cf the house: maids, qqite aware that she was voicing the popular belief—" It's my opinion that Mr Brook's going into a decline! He wa'n't never real rugged, Mrs Merton says, and he wa'n't half well when he come home that horrid night. He'd been sick, and then gittin' pitched down them horrid banks ; ny! but wasn't he lame! and so pale! and then there's hiB pa's death, and that trouble about Mr Bruce,—the beastly shamethat it is—it's been enough to break down a tough man, let alone him! Sarita says he's so like ids ma; and she's afraid he's inherited her constitution too j" During these quiet days, Bruce Deering was not often found in drawing-room or library, and Brenda and Val, Murtagh and the doctor, were often a quartette at luncheon, and during the evening hours in the drawing-room. Bruce was us sally present at the breakfast and dinner hour, and he passed some time each day in his „™ D ;„»o room, but the time of the Matchin trial" was approaching, and nearly every day, after leaying his cousin, , he rode into Pomfret, where he spent much ] 0f hi B time in John Bedding's private office; presumably in consultation with his lawyer. Murtagh, too, began to spend mach of his time in the retirement. of his own rooms. Among hie numerous pretensions, in the character of TJccle Holly, was that of a scribbler of what he described as " brief etchings, or little jottings," of his " reflections," upon the subjects which he "had studied a little," and upon which, by the way, he could prosa endlessly in the drawing-room. He always left fragments of the half-written "etchings" lying in loose sheets upon his round table, much to the disgust of the maid, who, if she had 'ven thought to the matter, would have S en obliged to declare that, never, by any chance, was the least scrap of a letter left thus open to view. His correspondents, to be in keeping with his assumed character, were very few, as he frequently declared, and as his letters, of which he received not a few, came, first through Mr Baird, and later, some of them, under cover to Doctor Ware, there was no occasion to doubt his statement. Several of these mysterious and bulky enclosures had reached him of late through the doctor, and he passed hours of his time pacing the length of his room and jotting down " ideas " alternately. On the fourth day after Mrs Deering's fright, Murtagh, by a signal of which the two now had a sufficiently complete code, summoned the doctor to join him in his room, and at once. To be admitted to Murtagh's room by day, meant, Ware felt assumed, something important; perhaps imperative. But it was easy enough to join him after paying his usual morning visit to Brook. The ladies were below stairs, and Brace was about to.read the morning paper to the invalid^ He had delivered an unusually thick packet to Murtagh en the previous evening, addressed in a hand he had seen before, and post-marked New York ; and he quite expected the forthcoming communication to concern, in some way, this communication. But he opened his eyes in surprise, when, having seated himself opposite Murtagh, with the usual precautions of closed door aud adjusted screen, the latter began at once': " Did you sleep soundly last night P" rest "Qaite." " Hear anything P" Murtagh was looking very alert and smiling. He was bending slightly tosrard his vis-a- vis, a reminded him, by his attitude and expression, of the look he had seen upon the face of some victor of a sharp and closely contested game, at the moment of anticipated triumph. " Nothing," he answered, expectantly. " Well—not to keep you in suspense, I was wakeful, very; and—as a result—I have identified the other cat." "No?" " Yes! and I was right! The one cams from town, and on foot. No cowardice in that woman! The other—" There was a paper lying before him upon the table containing some lines of writing, and, below these, a list of names. He picked up a pen which lay near, and, drawing a long black mark beneath one ef these names, pushed the paper across the table, with the look of triumph intensified, and without another word. Ware read the name and uttered a sudden, sharp exclamation; his face actually paling as he looked up at the detective. " Is thiB—beyond a doubt he asked after a moment's silence, and below his breath. " Beyond a doubt." "Great heavens 1 And what will you do—now P" " First—I'll ask your advice; I don't mind saying to you that I never found myself in quite such a ticklish place as this! It's—it's with a precedent in criminal history, I surely believe! And it leaves us as much in the dark as ever, upon one important point." "What point?" "The motive! Is that any clearer to you?" ' Ware shook his head. " I see none yet," he said gravely. " May I ask if this will enable you to make any movement— aggressive or other ?" " It does—and it does not! That is— if does not aid, it determines me. Deering's trial is coming close, and I must have my guns all planted and trained before that begins. In fact, I should have made some move even if I had not made this discovery ; I must! And first—will you go to New York P I can't trust anyone else.'. " For what purpose t" " You 'remember the little I told you about the amethyst cuff button, and Wiggins P" " Yes—that is, you told me that such a thing was found, or said to be, by this fellow Wiggins and secreted by him in the hope of making something out of it." " Yes. Well that's all I felt justified in telling then: now I'll tell you the whole story. And, to begin, you must know that Mrs Deering, our hostess, once owned a set of this Bam) pattern." Ware started violently, but Murtagh went on, as if unobservant of the movement: " And in some i way—for some reason, she broke the set, and gave away the pair of cuff buttons." Doctor Felix drew a breath of relief at this point, eo deep that Murtagh could not, or did not, reBtsin a imile, as he went on with his ttory : " One of them the give to Mr Brook Dearimg—the other—to Bruce." *• Horrible!" broke from the doctor's lips, w 9ae of these buttons, or a facsimile, was foand by Wiggins, so he claims, on the very scene of the murder; I told you that ?" « Yes." " But I did not tell you that Brace and Brook Deering have theirs still; both have been seen in thoir possession since the murder. Now let me tell you the whole history, so far aa I know it." He told it quickly and graphically. How WigginB had played "providence." and stopped Wiggins' game, and of hit owa interviews with Bruce and Wiggins. " I Bhould not be telling you this," he explained, " even now, if I had not first obtained Mrs Deering's permission to do so, at need. And now I want you take these two buttons,—did I toll you they were made at Miffany's 1—to take them to Ndw York, and fiad oat, if you can, if they have ever bean duplicated, and, if so, for whom. Will you do it? going and returning at the earliest possible moment P Wait, on^ word in explanation;—J might trust this to a detective, but I want for Mrs Deering's sake, to keep this matter among her frlenda; we don't know what may come of this, and B.J M The doctor stopped him with a swift gesture. " One moment," he said, Mrs During 1 does she know P I will go with her consent, at her with—not without." " Than rest tatisfiad. We talked this over yesterday out there under the big oak, she and I, and—it may ease your mind to know that she obj acted, or, at least, demurred, when she thought I meant to entrust .the business to a ' professional,' but when I told her I hoped you would go, she said she was sure you would know how to act— and that she could trust you entirely. She even commissioned me to ask you to ( do her this service,' for she now sees, although she did not at first, that this mystery of the button must be cleaned up, in justice to all concerned." When Ware had consented, which he did promptly now, and they had discussed Idle how and the when of the journey, the j doctor said, by way of closing a' lont* 8 g sentence " I would like to watch the progress of Brook Deering's malady from day to day, but, perhaps' it will be best to bring Doctor Liscom in and give him charge. I shall depend upon you to lock Sarita in at night, of course; and by- the-by, I suppose you have those buttons ready to hind ?" Something seemed to amuse the detective very much, but, after a stifled laugh, he answered: " I have one, the one—as I have already related—given me by Wells. The other, doctor, I mean to steal to-night —and you must help me." "I!—how?" "Easily. We can't be squeamish in this case. You must declare your intention to sit up with the invalid to-night; send William to the right-about, and give your patient some harmless sleeping potion. When the house is still, and the patient asleep, admit me—I'll attend to the rest" Doctor Ware had not put his hand to the plough to look back, even when brought face to face with this burglarious proposition. He said, after a moment's thought, and with resolute gravity: " Very well. 1 believe the end justifies the means. Does Mrs Deering know how you propose to get this second button P" Not she! She presumes the one to be quite sufficient " He drew a sheet of paper toward him, and took up a pen I'm going to order your summons," he said," that is, to write to the office re guesting them to send you a wire on the instant, calling you to the city. This letter, I wish I dared telegraph, will be reseived- let me see—to- morrow at noon; before night you will have your wire, and you can leave at once, by the night train:" "And how then can I arrange with Liscom P" " I'll arrange with Lissom—that's easily done," and he hastily finished and enclosed the letter. "There—you must address it," pushing it across the table, " and post it as well; now we must disperse." The programme, as arranged, was carried ont, and with success; contrary to Murtagh's expectations, the button, which he was fully prepared to rummage for half the nighi, if need be, was easily found in the very receptacle in which it had been exhibited to Brenda; this thrown care lessly into a drawer of Brook's desk, among letters, cards, pamphlets, and the usual debris of "odds and ends;" the drawer was not under lock and key. " I don't understand it!" Murtagh declared ; " but I'm well enough pleased ! nd If he misBes it, he's sensible, for being so careless." "It would not surprise me," the doctor commented with an odd smile, " if he were not quite sensible twenty-four hours from now." ' What do you mean demanded Mur- " Wait and see," was the only answer. {To be Continued.) > 