HEW AUSTRALIA TROUBLES. A "SPECIAL report" issued by Mr. Gilbert Casey to members of the Kew Australia organisation explains the position of affairs and the prospecte. - According to the Daily Telegraph, Mr: Casey, when he sought to take over the property of the association in fulfil- ment of the transfer from Mr. Lane to other trustees, was met by Mr. Head, the representative here of the original trust, with a condition that " claims against the association must first be met in accordance, with tbe stipulation ? made by Mr. Lane. Afterwards, Mr. Head suggested that a mortgage should be given to him sufficient to cover all liabilities at the date of transfer, or payment into the trust fund of. the amount necessary to meet pressing. engage- ment?, together with a ". reasonable guarantee that the agreement with Mr. Lane be carried out in its entirety." Or Mr. Head wa» willing. to go to abitration. Mr. Casey replies that the property cannot. ;.. cover \ liabilities, and that in any case he has "neither right, power, nor desire to ~ mortgage members' property, to Mr. Head for debts due to members them- selves." He is amazed at demands being made for "guarantees, indemnities, bonds, and mortgages." He was dazed, having " never heard of such things in connection, with 'New Australia/*" Such words were not mentioned in th» "New Australia" journals, in the articles of association,or in the "basis of organisation"-only "such, word» were to be found as "Confidence, Trust, and Faith!" However, the plain truth is that liquidation must follow if the claims now in are pushed, and, there- fore, he asks members withdrawing to "wait and allow reasonable time for the new management to obtain poses-, 'sion and meet their claims." He» doesn't believe that Mr. Lane, in transferring, had any intention of demanding legal bonds. Incidentally to the correspondence, Mr. Head sub- mits the following statement of the financial position :-Liabilities, £5170; assets, £2908 ; excess of liabilities over assets, £2262. Leaving out the sum of £5410 ($163,22446) carried to the capital account of the settlement on May 10, the above is an approximate statement of affairs. The land may possibly realise more than" the valua- tion, as such valuation is based on valneB of three months ago, but the difference will be Blight. . . . In- cluding settlement assets as at May 10, our assets exceed our liabilities by £3178. The mortgage of the Royal Tar to William Lane for the sum of £2520, payable on demand, is not in- . eluded in liabilities, ás it is understood that no difficulty will arise concerning the transfer of the mortgage. to the proper parties." '_ Ladies in London have taken to wearing a miniature watch- outside the dress or jacket, suspended by a slender chain, which in turn is attached to a brooch pin, lb is a great temptation to thieves, and already scores of West end ladies have been robbed in broad daylight. Some watches thus carried , off were studded with jewels. Another attempt to revive the dreaded crinoline has failed. A "ghost," which was to be seen waltzing nightly near Dorchester, waa . captured by a party of men and women ' armed with sticks, and turned out to be a laborer draped in white. The man's wife was actually one of the attacking party, and the ghost was sa bruised with the sticks that he had to be taken to the hospital At Sunbury a gentleman was sued for non-payment of a year's rates on his country house. _ The defendant objected that for half a year the house was shut np while he was living in town. The magistrate deoided that ; the defendant was not, liable to ba rated while the house was empty. The recent London cab Btrike cost £8111, the income from collections, fees, ¿c., exceeding that amount by £91. A post-oard, posted in Hamstead to an address not five minutes' walk from tbe sender's house, made a journey ot 26,000 miles. In .the post the.card slipped into a newspaper bound for Tasmania. On reaching Tasmania the card was discovered and returned to the sender in a letter. The Adelaide chrysanthemum show has been fixed for the last week in April. adios and gentlemen are said to be hop-picking in Kent as a cure for insomnia, the hop being regarded a opiate. The electric underground railway, which is to run under the Thames front the Af ansion House to Waterloo sta- tion, will be a mile and a half in length. The city terminus will form a monster circular subway, occupying the whole space f rousing the Mansion HouBe. Excavations in Upper Egypt brought to light a set of wooden' statuettes of soldiers, showing the costumes of the troops of the Pharaohs. The Sou- danese of to-day are clad and equipped exactly like the pyramid builders. Blood oranges are now prepared artificially, the ordinary oranges being punctured and a small quantity of claret injected. Mr. Horseley, of Soham, has been celebrating his 102nd birthday. Be- yond being a little deaf, he is in excellent health, and still works in his garden. When 100 years of age he attended the wedding of his grand- daughter, and gave her away. An author named Simms, who when a boy had lost both hands through being caught in machinery, and now writes with a piece of leather fixed on the stump of his rigHt arm, hus just published a book on th<3 bibliography of Staffordshire. Since the opening of the Tower Bridge, the daily number of foot pas- sengers has been 55,509, and of vehicles 6074. _ 