©£ÍAÍ*EEB IL Ou the following", ërëiâtîfS tiredly eh WRB.freCj Lil took freí way front th i&gen;£-s?regt ,flowershop' ia tfhfcn* tl fiistera worked, to' th'e' corner of a sid street where a tull young* rnai}' w^as stand wig evidently watching eagerly fcfher. " My darling !" he said in a low voici as LU reached him ; and he held closet for a moment (he pretty hand whicl; though it belonged only to LU, was a well shaped as any women's could b< Tbe'tf they turned into Piccadilly. The üa/häd bBeu very damp. A thiel mist was rising', eftfef tbs Park, througl which lay the shortest way tor .che litth street in Bayswater where Li! lived seemed made up of dripping trees, ttsiuYj gravel, and wreaths of . mist. But th. two who were walking through ittogethe were beyond such influences.. Fraul Cardigan had slipped Lil's baud thröngi his arm} and Lil wanted nothing but U walk beside him, thus, nil her life, to fee that firm presence which was to her yield ing personality jost what hie strong arti wes at that moment to her physical wear! ness. As for Frauk Cardigan he loved LiHat Williams with all the strength of t simple; straightforward nature. He had wondered greatly at himself-nt first. Oulj gradually he bad realised that the besl part of the day was gone for him whet Lil's fingers had made and handed him the button hole he always wore. Oui j gradually he had realised that it was Li! herself who had made the day dark 01 bright to him ; that it was Lil herself, and her love that he wanted. And the knowledge had come upon him almost ae a shock. There was many a girl in his own smart Well bora set who would have returnod his love hod he given it her. Brit he enred for none of them. He cared for a girl without a penny ; a work' girl who lived in two shabby rooms in a squalid Bayswater street ; cared for her ia such manly, honest fashion that all the barriers between them melted for him, and he knew that here- was the only woman in tbe world.that he would make his wife. 'Lilian,' he said, very gently, 'are you tired?' LU had become very silent as they walked and sho was clinging tightly to his arra. ' Yes,' she answered, in a low tremulous voice. And then with a little cry, * Oh, Kate/ she said. ' Kate ! Your sister isn't hore, Lilian/ * No-yoB ! I thought I saw her face in the fog !' and LU put both hands on his arm and shuddered. ' Come, you are over-tired/ he said, tenderly. ' And if she were here, what would it matter ?' He started himself, though, for the next moment Kate Williams appeared at his side as though she had come ont of the air, '"Good evening/ she said to him, coldly and stiffly. Then she said, abruptly, ' LU, I'm going on home. Mind !' She was out of sight in a moment between the misty trees ; bub the tone af her voice made Frank Cardigan say, i curiously : ?'* What does your sister mean, LU ?" * OÍ¿ nothing ! I'm not to be long/ returi/od Lil, hurriedly. She was trem- bling from head to foot. Every moment of that walk LU remem- bered through her life. Kate's eyes seemed to look at her from out of the mist ; Kate's voice seemed to come be- tween her and Frank Cardigan's tender wordh; the ghost from the past which Kate had raised dogged every step and seemed to threaten instant by instant to starid between them'in Kate's bodily form and>j «rt her forever from tho love that tell him P She waited, shivering- audi white, until the' rain to which the mist liad turned had drenched her through, and then she crept up to their roora tu fiud Kate there before her. For to-nigbt she Was safe 1 They bad tea together, and spent the rest of the everting in almost unbroken silence. Kate was in tíeítíy and LU, staud- ing by her side, thought she Was asleep, ehe lay so very still, when she said, sod- denly : 'Tomorrow I shall seo him and tell him, Li!. To-morrow. LU turned* oicfc and cold, but she could not tako her gaze fron? ber sinter's glitter- ing eyes, which looked harder aud brighter than ever, as her hair tey all around ber on the pillow. She caught st the head of the bedstead for Biipport, aud ¿then Kate's face faded away. Lil fell : heavily, and knew no more until she found, herself lying in bed, with bereister apparently a&ree;'p' bbside ber.- <. The next night Lil ran1 hom« . alone through back street«. Strother* walk with Fred. Oar digan -she could Hoi bear. It would be the last, and she know ii aili1 the time. She threw herself on the bed. (itíá ¡sobbed and gasped for breath. Kate might ber telling bim now! Suddenly'je'Re' «food up. There were footsteps in the ne£6 room ; not Kate's. Siie went in, all djskeviedtecf as »he was, .aad saw Frank Cardigan. 'Forgive me, Lil,' he said, qtífckly, 'you never came to-night, and I was anxious. I. couldn't help coming-Lil, how White you are ! What is it ?' \- He held out his hands, and LU came I closer and laid ber head on lits shoulder, lit ifould oujy.be for 8 moment, she told herself JE&to; would come directly and it would be nil over/ But for that moment his love was hera, atad1 she clung to him half convulsively. She did' riot answer his question. Kate was coming, coming !. LU had caught the sound of her steps nponthe stairs. Then came on slowly, relentlessly. Would they reach the top ? Lil's arms tightened round Ff auk Cardi- gan end she did not move them when at last Ka$e opened) the. door. ' As Kate's eyes fell upou the two who thus awaited ker; she «tarted- sharply; and a little parcel eher was carrying was «rushed in her clenched hand. Then she shut the door and came a little further into the room. 'Mr. Cardigan/ sue began, slowly. Then, suddenly, she leaned heavily back against the wall. Till the end of his life, when he thought of her, Frank Cardigan could see that white, passion-drawn face outlined against its dingy background. j ' I wanted to speak to you/ she went on. ' It's only right you should--' ! But Kate's cutting tones were inter- rupted. Lil had snatched her- arin from E about Frank Cardigan and pushed him hastily from her. Standing upright, tall andntraight, she turned to her sister. ' No, Kate/ she said in a low, choked ! voice. * You shan't tell him ! I'll do it myself. Mr. Cardigau, listen. I ought , to have told you before. I ought never to hare said-I ought never to have let you think-But ob, I couldn't, I couldn't." She stopped as though remorseless ; fingers had strangled the words in ber throat ; bat as he moved, as if to speak, j she went on hurriedly, almost sharply. ' 'I'm not-good! I'm nojfc-^-what you [ think me ! I've paid for it, bitterly I bitterly ; but it's never been so bitter as j this ! Oh, why can't I die ? Why can't I die?' \- Lil's voice rose to a wail. She had drawn a few steps backward and hidden her face in her hands. Kate had not moved, bnt the paper ot her parcel lay in tiny pieces on the floor. Frank Cardigan rooked from one woman to the other ; from Lil's bowed head to K&te;'s glitter- ing eyes. ' What do you mean ?' he said at last. His voice sonnded strained. ' Lil,-what do yon mean P' It was Kate wbo answered him with a cold ring of unmistakable triumph in her voice. ' I'll tell you/ she said. ' I always meant to tell you '/, But lie turned from ber with a gesture that silenced ber, even at that moment. «Lil!' he said, 'Lil!' Lil lifted ber tear-stained face at his voice aud answered the agonised question she read in hrs eyes. 4 I'm not fit to be your wife, Mr. Cardigan/ she said, ' I'm not fit to be any good man's wife ! Oh, I was such a child ! Such a child ! I wasn't seventeen and I was all alone. I believed him ! I bolieved him! And I was all alone!' She sauk down on a chair and tried to hide her face on her arm. There was .dead silence. Lil's choking breath WSB the only sound in the room. Frank Cardigan had turned away with an articulate sound the agony of which Lil never forgot. He stood now, motion* less, his head bent as though by a heavy blow. Kate stood motionless, too ; her, glittering eyes ivers fixed on him. At jet and vary slowly the mao's bowed head i waa lifted,, ' Frank Cardigau raised both I ft niau who cou fronts und accepts that ¡ Whteli he would give his lifo to< obliterate. He turned and looked at Lil aud ht» white lips twitched. Then lie crossed tc* where she sat crouched down o» her choir. Kate's eyes flashed with intense I eagerness, üucß, twice, he tried to speak I -lu vaîo. Thou his voice made itself audible ia the dead stillness, low and . hoarse. 'Lil,' he said, 'Thank God you told) ¡me. ,doar.' From Kate's glitteriug eyes the eager- ness faded with liglituiug-Hke rapidity;. She caught at the door handle st which she stood. Over Lil's sob- shaken form s> sudden incredulous- stillness stole; her face was pressed more closely down upoo , lier arms. Frank Cardigan did not touch Iïeï> but as he stood there loofcing down on kef/ something of th» anguish in his eyes soèmetl to be met and dominated by- an unspeakable tenderness. 'Ilovo you, Li/,' MB said; 'If my fife» eonld wipe out what yowVo said I'd gfre> it willingly. That can't be I But I catt help you to forget.' He paused, and with a sharp breathless* movement Lil lifted her head. 'Forget/ she said, 'forget? When shall 1 ever forget ?' Her trembling hands were wringing* convulsively together, and be laid a strong and gentle touch npon tbem anet drew ber into bis arms. ' When you are my wife/ he said. Unseen by either of them, Kate no> fasíened the door and slipped out. Out- side on tito small landing, she stopped am instant covering her face face with her hands. Mechanically, her face still thus» hidden, she'went downstairs and ont o£ tho house; and only when she found her- self Out in the dark cloudy evening didi she uncover those glittering eyes.-. They were strangely fixed in an awful relentless glare of hate. There is no me any whr'CY »he said to herself, yet 8on?*tbingr bitav her hair. Why could she no* brea: he P She seemed to be closed in ."Ol. ronud by walls which no hand coule? move, to whose top no sight could reach. She was wi/adertug along, aimlessly and unconsciously, through streets she did not know. Everything was over, she was saying to herself again and again. Everything was gone ! Lil was beyond her power to touch. Frank Cardigan wa» : lost to her for ever. He could have- ha» -Kate's eyes gleamed with hate as ïhey bad never gluamed yet-he eonld bavé» bad love I What had he got, what was» all Lil could give ? him, compared ' with? what she herself eonld have given him.? She was growing faint and giddy, and she caught at a lamp' post for support. She had walked a long way. Afterwards they said she must have wandered for at least two hours. The air was full of voices. From every side, she seemed to hear the words, 'My wife! My wife! When-you are my wife !' There was wind enough now. It was «old, and Kate shuddered. Suddenly . something flashed. She had etrayétt on to one of the bridges and it was a lamp on the river. She looked down into the dark water, and her brain seemed to grow suddenly clear. # * * * There was no ono to say what hap« pened. There was no one to say how Kate's body came to the place where, with the blue eyes still open and still ' Blaring, it was found floatnig on tbs sullen tide. But the eyes had beeb closed, gently, by strange, hands, before Lil, awed and weeping, stood beside her sister ; and the face itself, inscrutable in its solemn stillness, bore no trace that any human vision might detect, of that jealousy, cruel as the grave indeed, which had carriod Kate to her death. I THE END.] 