CONFIRMATION SERVICE. A correspondent sends us a cutting from the Southern Tivm whioh we append, and which will interest the friends of the Bev. Dr. Oraig. On Sunday morning the Bishop of the Diocese held a confirmation at Char minster church. It was a fine sunny morning, and the church was crowded. The blocks of pews on either side of the middle aisle were occupied by the con firmation candidates, who numbered 87-48 males and 39 females. Among the rows of candles on the altar were disposed beautiful bouquets of white exotic flowers, including orchids, Neapolitan violets, eucharis, arum, and other lilies, given and arranged by Captain and Mrs. Dymond. The arrangements of the Vicar (the Rev. J. 0\. Prior) for the service were admirably carried out by the churchwardens (Captain Dymond and Mr. Warren). The clergy taking part in the service in addition to the Bishop were the Bev. J. C. Prior (Vicar of Charminster and Stratton), the Bev. Dr. Tudor Craig (curate of Charminster), the Bev. W. 8\. Watson (Headmaster of the County School), who acted as the Bishop's chaplain, the Bev. G. Turnbull (Vicar of Frampton), and the Bev. H. Mitchell (Vicar of StinBford). The service, which began at eleven o'clock, consisted of matins followed by the sacrament of Confirmation. The clergy and surpliced choir entered the church in procession. The service, which was choral, was by Boyce, whose "Te Deum " was particularly well rendered. The EirBt Lesson was read by Dr. Craig, and the Second by the Bev. G. Turnbull. The anthem " Veni, Creator Spiritus," by Attwood, was well rendered. The soloists were Master A. Legg, of Dorchester (treble), Mr. J. Legg, of Dorchester (alto), Mr. Watts (tenor), and Mr. Scattergood (bass). The organ, at which Mrs. Prior presided, had been supplemented for the occasion by a small but efficient orchestra. The instrumentalists, who were from Dor chester, were located in the organ gallery. They were Mr. A. ^ H. Evans and Drummer Preston (violins), Mr. E. Newman ('cello), Drum Sergeant Madden (double bass), Cap tain Acland and Drummer Pennett (clarionets), and Drummer Hall (comets). Between each party of the candidates whom the Bishop confirmed, the choir and congregation sang a verse of the hymn, "Come, Holy GrhoBt, Eternal God." "When the laying on of bands waB at an end the Bishop entered the pulpit and delivered an address full of wise counsel and ex hortation to the newly-confirmed. He took for his text Acts i, 8: " Ife shall receive power after that the Holy G-host is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusa lem, and in all Judeea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." In homely words, cap able of being understood by the humblest of his hearers, the ohief pastor of the DioceBe Bpoke of the qualifications essential in an efficient witness in the law courts, and there from by analogy enforced the attitude whioh the true Christian must assume in bis character as a witness to God and to Christ Jesus. The recessional hymn was " Thine for ever, God of love." As the large congregation filed from the church the orchestra played the March from Handel's Occasional Oratorio and the " War March of the Priests,'\from " Athalie " (Mendelssohn). The choristers were afterwards entertained to luncheon by th§ Visas* 