THE PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY'S BUSINESS. Another dose of the Taxation Bill was Riven to the Legislative Council on Tuesday, The medicine was not palatable to moat members, who in retaliation gave the Chief Secretary posers which made him unusually uncomfortable. In Committee members battled for and against the absentee. The Chief Seoretary admitted his error last week as to his interpretation of "absentee," and explained that there are two conditions of inolasion ae an absentee, viz., absence for two years and non-residence. The liability is oreated by either of these two conditions, and the exemption arises only where neither of them ooour, Ibe Chief Secretary was forced to snbmit to considerable chaffing for coming down. The Hon. B, Ward suggested that the Crown law officers should be invited to state tbeiropinion on the olause. Numerous possibilitiea of absentee landowners evading the tax were suggested by supporters es well as by oppo nents of the BiU, but the Chief Secretary did not attempt to answer them all offhand. Contingencies, of coarse, oould be raised in this Bill as in any other Bill and they would have to be settled by the Taxation Department when they arose. Sir Edwin Smith failed to see bow a person could be designated an absentee who was out of the colony, but who had left his house behind biro. Dr. Hagarey raised a laugh by his enquiry as to how it could be possible for any one to take his house with him. Even some of the Labour members recognised the vagueness of the definition of absentee. The Hon. G. McGregor, however, wanted, to know " Why all this fighting of ghosts ?' and the Hon. W. Russell another defender of the clause, feared the debate represented too much hair splitting. The Hon. E. Ward led an attack against the proposed period for dating absen teeism, arguing that the first assessment for taxing absentees should be the first assess ment oalaulated after the coming into opera tion of the Act, otherwise the Bill would be retrospective. The Chief Seoretary thought it advisable to resume to consider Mr. Ward's suggestion, and after having spent an hour in Committee the Bill was left where it was without any progress being reported. It will probably be taken up again to-day. In a brief speech the Chief Secretary ex plained the leading provisions of the Facto ries Bill on its second reading, and the debate waa adjourned till next day. The amendments made by the Coup oil in the Vermin Bill wbioh the Assembly dis agreed with were not insisted upon. Conse quently the Bill will remain exolueively a fenoing measure. The Hon. E. Ward and others sought to retain the Gounod's clause extending the powers of the Vermin Boards, but were defeated by 11 to 7, after the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin had failed to oarry his oompromise that the expenditure of the rates Bhould be restricted tosoalping dogs and fenoing. The Assembly pronounced as a reason for dissent from the Council's amendment that membership of a Vermin Board was not oongenial to women. Mr. Ward asked, "If that position ib not oongenial to women then how can the position of a memberof Parliament be congenial to them." He was left un answered. The Electoral Bill was further oonsidered in Committee, where, at the in stance of the Hon. J. L. Stirling, it wae de cided to bold the Returning Offioer for the province responsible for the direotion and con trol of the preparation aDd maintenance of the electoral rolls througbont the oolony. _ Mr. Stirling moved for a more perfect and inex pensive eleotoral roll, but as the Chief Seore tary is anxious to receive a report, which has been called for, from the Government Printer in connection with this and other matters, progress was reported. The eecond reading of the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Bill was moved by the Chief Secretary, who ex plained its provisions at some length. Answering an interjeotion about the recent Parliamentary sweep, Mr. Gordon led members to infer that a sweep might be con ducted iu rooms at Parliament House, set apart for the use of private members just the same as in one's own private house or olub, but it was illegal to raiso a sweep in a public place. The Hon. E. Ward obtained the adjournment of the debate, and then invited the represen tative of the Government to oonBent to adjourn the sitting. Members Bmiled when he gave as bis reason that the international crioketmatob, inwhioh they were allinterested, was going on. His honourable friend, Mr. Darling, who sat on bis left, had a son the hero of the oooasion. The Chief Seoretary, however, oould not be prevailed upon to release his colleagues so soon—it was then near half past 5 —and so the Oounoil took up the Federal Oounoil' Bill and oarried it through Com mittee. Mr. Ward vainly sought to excite olause 3, with the view of blowing the people to elect the representatives to the Hobart Assembly, and alsouneuooessfullyendeavoured to limit the expenses of the delegates to £100. "A sufficiently reasonable allowance for a summer pionio, he added. The third reading of the Bill Was fixed for nevt day. After the holiday the Assembly met in a good temper. The Premies parried a question from Mr. P'ioe as to the illegal supply of liquor to Patman at Orroroo, and informed Mr. McDonald that any shareholder could apply to the Court for leave to inspect the papers of the Federal Bank liquidation case. The Commissioner of Crown Lands asked the House to approve of the purchase of land near Brompton Park for homestead blooks, which, after a shott discussion, was oarried. An attempt to get speedily into Committee to oonsider the Orddit Fonoier system waa thwarted by Mr. Solomon in a vigorous protest and by Mr. Grainger in a two hours' speech. Mr. Oatt enquired if Mr. Solomon desired the distressed farmers to turn to his oountrymeD. Mr. Solomon treated the remark as ungentleinanly and deserving of oontempt. Mr. Grainger chaffed the versatile Treasurer, solioolmaster, and journalist on his financial qualifications. "He wae the editor of the wretohedest rag I ever saw." Mr. Archibald interposed, and Mr. Grainger bantered him about his pet phrase—eoonomio law. _ Mr. Wood fired a random shot, and Mr. Grainger made fun of Mr. Wood's air of superiority, presuming that Gladstone and Gosohen might suck knowledge from bisspeeoheB. Mr. Grainger delivered an address he had prepared on Mr. Catt'e motion. He extolled the Orddit Fonoier system, but its weakness as a State institution was the nearly impossible condi tion of freedom from political ooutrol. The Railway Commissioners proved that. An hon. member pestered by applicants bad secured billets for a large number of con stituents on the railways. The Managers of a Credit Foncier should be as independent as Judges ought to be; the final phrase was emphasized. A Minister oould easily get a relative appointed ; be referred the appointment to a colleague, who returned the oompliment when occasion arose. Waxing warm, Mr. Grainger conoluded at S.lSthatonadelioateeohemelike tbat mem biers might easily go wrong, and the penalty of a financial orieis ultimately fell upon the working classes. Mr. Caldwell considered that fiaaooial reform v'hauld have taken place long Rgo. In • good speech til, Hamburg, regarding the question m above party, de aired the principles diiouued before the Bill was introduoed, for onoe the Government oommitfeed itself to a measure it felt bound to support it. The matter had never been dis ouesed before the eleotore. It ought at leaeb to be referred to a Committee for enquiry. He eohoed Mr. Grainger'a warning of the difficulty of placing a State in titution outaida political control. The Savinga Bank Board was not sufficiently beyond politioal control for a State Bank. He objected to Savings Bank balance! being mopped up for 0 red it Ponoier loane, at it would throw a large olaas of lenders on a difficult market, and prevent depositors re* ceivinsr money at call. If those balances were absorbed into general revenue it would bo a fraud. He would prefer a firet-claeg mort gage at a low rate of interest to South Australian 3J per cent, bonds of twenty years' date. Mr. Hamburg, who had been speaking an hour, had not finished when the Honse roee for tee. Oo resuming Dr. Robertson, of Sydney, had a seat in the Members' Gallery. Mr. Homburg thought that it would be sufficient to extend the powers of the Savinga Bank so as to meet demande for loane with a scale of re payments. At 8 o'olock Mr. McPherson ohided the Treasurer for again trying to slip into Committee without giving information. He would not support the Bill unless it were a State Bank Bill. The Treasurer defended the preoedent of taking the motion to go into Committee as formal. The final copy of the Bill had only been reoeived einoe the debate opened. Mr. Homburg—Then you ought not to have moved the resolution. At seven minutes past 8 the House wont into Com mittee, and the Treasurer explained the proposal, which was to give Government control over the Savings Bank and guarantee the fnnde, to raise money by mortgage bonds Mid isBue State notes, and to advance money to farmers and others upon Credit Ponoier terms. Mr. Gilbert was surprised at the introduction at that stage of go radical a policy. It woe the trail of the serpent of socialism. Mr. Arohibald — That's your trouble. Mr. Grainger offered strenuous opposition to the &bsorp;:ion of the Savings Bank. The resolution was carried, and the Bill introduced, which will be found described in other columns. The Sale of Fertilizers Bill was advanced a stage, and the Lake Bonney Settlement Bill read a third time. At quarter to 9 the revision of the Estimates was oontinued. Discussion took plaoe on the Government Printing-Office. What year did it not ? Mr. Soherk complained that a number of trained girls were being replaced by younger and obeaper ones. Mr. Caldwell hoped Mr. Soherk was misinformed. The Treasurer pro mised to enquire into the facts. Of course the police were analysed. Mr. Brooker referred to sergeants, whioh touched Mr. Kingston upon a soft spot. Mr. MoPhereon—He has not worn the uniform for months. An hon. member—He cannot get into it now. Mr. Handyside— We must call it in.. Mr. Brooker thought that the constables who did a bit of broking on the Exchange were well paid. Mr. Handyside —They are there to find the rogues. Mr. Arohibald—A good plaoe, too. Mr. MoPhersou wanted a Koyal Commission ap pointed. The foroe was a seething mass of disoontent. He declined to give details and so implicate men. Superior officers were getting an inorease in salary by an additional allowanoe for uniforms. By letting men lire outside city boundaries the Commissioner signalled out his favourites. The Premier— That iB done by the Minister in oharge. Mr. McPherson—The handsome salaried Inspec tors could be retrenched by one-half. Tho Commissioner had too much power in appor tioning the vote. The Premier—Tittle-tattle. Mr. McPherson—The tittle-tattle is on the other side. The Com missioner sent to my own premises to eee that no constables gavo me in formation. The polios bad ground to oomplain of the administration of the Police Fund. The Treasurer refused an enquiry into ohargea wliioh were mere geueralties. The Govern ment would protect any complainant. Mr. Brooker—An order has been issued prohibi ting polioemen from making oomplainta to a member of Parliament. Mr. Holder—Quite right. The foroe was eoonoinioally managed. Any constable who had right to retiring allowance when the Civil Service Aot of 1881 was passed would reoeive it plus 4 per cent, per annum interest. Mr. Priee wanted it made an offenoe on the part of any public man seen speaking to a policeman, He also made fun of those wbo wanted extra proteotioa suoh as Government House people, and seriously suggested that where additional officers were demanded they should be paid for by those wbo utilized their eervioee. Sir John Downer had, alter enquiry while Chief Seoretary, discovered that the force was particularly well affeoted. Some younger men thought that their aeniora should either go op or down. As a quasi-military force there must be perfeot discipline. To allow oomplainta to outsiders was toaput a premium upon dis affection. Mr. Wood said the oause of dissatis faction was that there were a number of men in the toroe bordering upon seventy years of age, wbo had made ample provision for the future, and would not make room for the young meD. Mr. Foster gave a epeoifio instance of hardship. At the request of people in a township the Chief Seoretary retained a certain constable, who thereupon reoeived a latter, marked private, stating that if he communicated again with a member of Parliament he would be dismissed. That was intimidation. At twenty-five minutes to 11 the line was pasted. Mr. Foster objeoted to a forage allowance to the Sheriff in connection with tbo prisons vote, but was defeated by 22 to 14. Mr. Brooker wanted the vote for Visiting Justioes kcooked off, but the item was retained by 19 to 16. Progress was reported at nine minutes past 11, and the Houbb rose. 