THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. .—....... a ••• .•„. ......... A TALE OF TASMANIA. By C.R.G. There are more things in heaven and earth; î^aratio, -than are dreamt of in your philosophy.—Çbakspcare. tile following true story jby ve not, and never had, ^y pematuraL Spirits—un^ss I reckon but the myth^ of sjaritualism I eatimateia^ and the go—called supernatural eztraordiaary " manifesta-. ) hear so much merely t of trickery impoarp^ weakness. I firmly the singular phe^jtH. y mediums, clairvi { hoc genus omne, are thoughtyard v iâi>biiveniance which would undoubtedly n ingenuity or juggli •ad may be readily aooou&ted; for by leeply into^floîentific lore, or ippenv. ^>3 be expert professors ,azt of K^demain. So grra is my ct^teâprfor the ghostly ftathat I wonld as lief sleep m a chuixiias in a hotel, were it not lot the 'i»^oaaaed by thB hardness of a tomb^ atone for a pillow ; and feel s^rè would resent my ic- ~ -vpf his prison- '} I open to convfcto believe in jast consent to give pranks as rap- ?'' dashing mnwî^ft] .volunteer to $lo D ly, euoh, for fai; stance, as .to give a hard-up pressman oie straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An amiable' and well .trainfed e*$£Jttil^tuâ^^lqJniBywayB. Onti^s^S of an évening journal, far example, each an aoquintion woàd be worth untold gold—•' wonld, in f&ct;,fifc>ve a mine /o<?#fc&Hfe;<%ortli half a dozen ^oolgardiee/fe Fan^; being bf . ttteSt-r-or 1befd||-ii. ' pir^ . emM^a, tb give ifecoaple \- %îHtatrated'^ détuription ik Jel the Alert half jan hour : ttitinatter ci that, balf am hour WOTWied, ilfith a fnil list of the'mto's namoiand thmr photographs ! Orj o' ' '-gtré^'Wti' 1 * «aF'-lieoBSi • ' our boys' cricket matches in England before they were played. From à utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of whioh they have only contrived hither to to make them- Belvesextremely ridiculousand untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Gup.tip I will promise with my-winnings to fbund-a- 41 Spirits' -Retreat " somewhere in Bouverie .street, and pudert^ke to proyide the : perturbed spirits with chairg, tables, Cjos, tÉà&bomtnes;, feto., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that' I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a pùrely fanciful one, as for reasons aboye stated, I no :nore believe that he wis'a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The tims'was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds oovereathe firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night fedeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, arid hungry, and my only thought was to gethome to,- a . comfortable fire and something ' to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghost^ . .never, entered my head. I was riding borne wards from a country honse known as " The Bend" (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Eak river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge, my horse to s $ hand gallop, ana ju£t as I turned into a narrow Jane about a mile from home the storm bur^ in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended—each •drop seemed a btxcketfttl ; peals of thunder succeeded each other with startling and deafening rapidity, and Sash after flash of sheet lightning at intervalsot a f ew seconds lit up the eeene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath—so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me. Tlere was no room for even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane ; of that I am certain, fn fact it' was not once in six months thst anybody ever rode along the path ; it Was ' - {merely intended for foot passengers, aod I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in'tixne to avoid a drenching. About halfway Dp the. lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place, to whioh,I was ..making. The lightning s flashenabled me to see everything clearly. Tfcu uiÀn was mbimt&d; on a grey horse, and was dressed in alight grey tureedsuit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not because of any superstitious fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steel, and knew that under the circumstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or pf pulling np-our horses. We were as certain to run into each other as the Camperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. I . involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, and .Jo ! my. horseman had disappeared, and I could Bee right up the straight lane, to the white gate at the end. I lulled -up, turned round and at the next flash Îooked baok whence I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living tiling in the fields on either Bide of the gorae hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, so one, had called since I ' left five hoars previously. and the gate was, as usual, securely padlocked : for the lane was a private one and 44 no thoroughfare" to the general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghogt. The following is an extract from the " LanncMton Examiner," dated a few days after the event above recorded :— 41 The body of a man which has not Yet bean^ identified - waa found bn the Nile oed, about a mile from the North d Esk river on Thursday last. Deceased was dreseedina fight grey tweed suit, Crimean shirt, felt hat,, and bad on a pair of Wellington boots. A grey horse, branded J & near shoulder was found grazing near the spot with saddle and bridle on, ana the animal was subsequently,claimed by Mr , of Evandale, livery-stable keeper. Mr states that the deceased gentleman hired the hone the - previous evening, stating that he wished to ride to Laimcestan in order to catoha boat leaving for Melbourne early in the morning. From marks on the body erf the deoeaaad it is supposed that he was killed %y lightning during we violent storm of the previousnighti Ân inquert wili beheld.'" Mr T. C. kdwards-Moes, whose death' is announced, was one of the most accomplished amateur oar&maoOf; his generation. Herowêd in the Oxford boat in 1875, 1876, 1877 and 1878, and Was ^probably the beet number sevfn. the Dark Blues eve* bad. The am mistake in his aquatic oareer at Otford was his towing stroke, on the bow side. In 1876. Oxford, though, the <trew iseu&ded..; some exceptionally good jam, lost the race with Cambridge, ,and In the dead heat year—and 1878 Mr 'Edwitrda-Moss look his proper plaoe behind |Iç3ftarri0tt. WhenîfcrEdwards-Mots gavé ar rowing be was fat from losing his interest inthe tport,«àd, as ataost afSie coach, fee has labored year after year at Putney to impart eacOe of hl« .own extensive knowledge to a yoasger generation of Oxford oaranen. • •••A'-- • > 