A BRUTAL EXPEDIENT. A writer in the Adelaide Standard gives the following Coolgardie experience. Nothing could be more revolting than this cheerful writer's account of the craeltieB practised on the blacks :— " As I have often told you, the W.A, nigger is no beauty, neither is he of much use, but he has one redeeming feature, he can find water in places that no white man would ever dream of searching for it; but the fellows who hang around camjs are not of much real service. Toe wild tribe in the back country are the useful animals, but it is no easy matter to get one of those savages to point out a ' soak' to a white fellow. They will take all the damper, tobacco, and tinned camel you care to give them, or that they can steal, and they will raadily promise to find 'plenty gabbing.' As you know ' gabbing' means water in their liquid language, which is about as sweet to listen to as their faces are to look upon. Bat after fooling you round the bush, until they know by the gleam in your eye that you won't stand them any longer, they suddenly disappear in the bush, and it is not a healthy sort of amusement hunting for them when they once get a good start in that foreBt. The "prospectors out back give them a day or two to find water; if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree and keep him there until he is as dry as the inside of an oyster shell. Then they let him go and follow him. As a rule the coon makes a straight dive for the nearest water. They say that the men of their tribe will kill any savage who gives up tha secret of thesa precious water holfs. " Away beyond Idgery a couple of prospectors—one of whom 5s a well-known Adelaide boy—got clean out of water, and they feared that they had looked their last on the City of Churches, for they were too far out to hope to get back to any civilised camp before death would put in his claim. " As they lay dreaming at the flash of dawn a footfall soft as the caress of a snowflike on a seam of soot, broke the deathlike stillness, a twig broke, and then a sable warrior and his gin glided into the white man's camp, and silently as ghosts, began to loot it. Hai the whites been sleeping they would never have heard the stealthy marauders; the diggers lay still and waited for a chance to spring. The chance came, and the Adelaide man wound his arms around the skinny legs of the warrior. The gin got away and the ' buck' kicked and bit and fought, and got half strangled for his pains. " Then he was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a tree until morning. At daylight he got another ample feed— salt bacon this time—and was asked how far it was from the nearest water-hole. He could talk a mixture of English and nigger dialect, and this is what he said : ' Gindah get up, white pellow walfea- walkawalka, gindah, tumble down white fellow sit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour; gindah get up; white pellow walka-walkawalka; gindah tnmble down; white pellow sit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour; gindah get up ; white pellow walka-walkawalka; gindah tumble down; white pellow get gabbing.' This being interpreted meant tbat the nearest water was three days travel from that spot, The whites would have to be on the move from sunrise to sunset. Gindah means the sun; when gindab tumbles down it is sundown ; white fellow sit down means camp for night. " The witness did not believe tbat tale, and they gave the darkie to understand unmistakably that they doubted his veracity, but he refused to budge an inch, and they soon saw that he had realised that they were iar more in need of water than he was, and he made up his mind to sit the show out. " At midday they shifted him from the shade of the tree and turned his face towards the sun and left him to think things over, bound hand and foot to quicken his mental faculties. At sunrise nert morning he was as obstinate as formerly, and they were half crazy from thirst, but they dimly understood his little game. His gin had gone off for help to her tribe, and trouble was looming up for them. " Then they opened his mouth and stuffed it half-full of salt, and propped his teeth apart with a stick. He stood tbat for three mortal honrs in the sua whilst they 6tood revolvers in hand, waiting in the shade watching for the tribe. At last the nigger came to the conclusion that he had better give - in or be pickled, and he murmared c • „ _ , , huskily through his baked lips, 4 Me find j '« gabby,' Then they lied his bands behind his back, hobbled him with a rope so that he could walk but not run, covered him with their revolvers, and invited him to proceed; and he did, and at sundown they were quenching their thirst at a good soak, and the black drank like a camel after thirty days' abstinence." 