A Ghost Near Dubbo. " PLAYS THE DEVIL AND BREAKS THINGS." ? Concerning the above mystery the Dabbo Dispatch has published the following later particulars : -The account recently published in the Dispatch regarding the peculiar manifestations at the residence of Mr.' Peter Stein, at the Coalbaggie, 27 ; miles from Dubbo, excited very ranch curiosity and no little argument. The I continuation of the manifestations, to the great annoyance of the family, induced,Mr. Jacob Stein, the eldest son, and the holder of 2560 acres, to visit Dubbo on Sunday last, with a view to obtain such assistance as would enable a solution of the mystery. Mr. Stein called at this office, and, in the presence of several well-known gentlemen, told a most extraordinary tale, bearing out in every particular what had been previously published-showing, in fact, that what was said was only a part of what had occurred almost continuously during the four years the Stein family have been on the Coalbaggie. But in his own words we | will let him tell his own tale. What age are you, Mr. Stein, and how long have you been on the Coalbaggie ? I am going on for 29 years, and with my father and the rest of us, I came here about four years ago. My father took up one selection on South Balladoran, and I took up the other. They are about three miles apart. "When did these annoyances commence ? -from the first day we went there. There was, I may tell you, an old hut on the ground when wo took it up, and we heard noises there first. Then when the new place was built it commenced in earnest. It chucked candlesticks, furniture, and every thing else about. It hammered* the tin dishes, and you could see the dents in the dishes afterwards. It started to talk to us then, but Bince Father Bolger and Father I Moylan went out it has not talked so much. ! It was quiet for some time afterwards. Has it told you what it is, or any of its history?-Yes, it has often said that its mother and sister were burned to death in the hut. The mother was ironing, and her I dress caught fire. It said an aunt and uncle lived across the creek, and the mother when she was dying gave £60 and a gold watch to the nuns, asking them to keep( them for her boy and to take care of him. The uncle, a man named , hit him upon the head with the handle of a stock* whip and. left him for dead on the road. Have you ever seen anything, Mr. Stein ? -Well, one night, mother and I were sit ting in the room, by the fire, and clods were pelted at us, as if by some person in the fireplace. We looked and saw a strange figure. It had the body, of a child, about five ye<*rs old, and a most peculiar face, with a whitish beard on it. I went to catch it and it disappeared. On another occasion I saw something like a hand coming over a box, and when I tried to grasp it, there was nothing. When you heard it talking, did the things move about ?-Yes, while it talked outside, as it were, the furniture and other things would be knocked qfrerttb inside. In fact, in four different places the racket would be going on. It used to catch the bedsteads and shake them violently, and while this was taking place a few yards away, the crockery would be smashed at . the same time. On one occasion, it took up a crucifix which was in the house, and broke it to pieces, and flung the bits at our faces. At another time, some blessed candles, brought from Dubbo. were broken into bits before us and cast aFus. The candles and crucifix were quite uninjured a minute or two be-, fore, and without our seeing what was doing1 it, they were pul'ed to pieces and cast at us. Was any person outside the family in the house at the time when these occurrences were going on ?-Yes, why only the other day it attempted to Bet fire to the house in four different places, and it also attempted to > set fire to my sister's clothes, and did other things, and this can be testified to by Mr. M'Leod, who is now in Dubbo, and a Mr. Dwyer, who with hiB son was at our place at the time, making arrangements for the purchase from us of 1000 sheep. When did it appear last ?-On Friday and Saturday last, it was very bad and it took us all we could do to prevent it burning down the place. We can smell like fire be fore we see it, and the houso will be on fire in four places at once, and the bedclothes and articles of female apparel also burning. It has been suggested, Mr. Stein, that one of your family is a ventriloquist, and that accounts for some of the manifestations ? Whenever I hear this-and I have heard it several times-I get real ' narked.' I wish those who offer this solution had the. thing tied round their necks. Then they would know it was not a ventriloquist. It is, I assnre you, a regular torment to us, and it is driving my father and mother real mad. My opinion is that it is a live spirit, possessed of the devil. Have you seen anything at any other time than you have told us ?-Well, on one occasion, it came in the shape of a bear, got up on the wall of the kitchen, and when we went to chase it away it disappeared in a white smoke. On another occasion, a big mouse about a foot long came on the roof, and it mysteriously moved about. Again it took the shape of a kangaroo, and another day a wallaby appeared near the house, and ( it would not shift for my sisters. They tried to put the dogs on it, but the dogs came back with their tails between their legs. My brother and myself put two kan garoo dogs on it, and it ran into the oreek and disappeared as if into the ground. The . dogs came out on the other side looking terribly terrified, but there was no wallaby. That night it talked to us, and said it could appear m any shape-that it was the wallaby which we were chasing. It said it could appear as a lizard or a snake, or any shape it liked. It told us it was no use bringing out the priests. It said it would I haunt ua and torment us not only while we were in Coalbaggie, but would follow us about wherever we went. You say it lias talked to you very fre quently?-Well, yes, but not bo much! during the last few months. It talks in two I voices, and sometimes speaks sensibly enough, while at other times it seems quite mad, and uses language which could not be beaten by the lowest Sydney larrikin.^ -It bidB us the time of day, and when'I have remonstrated with it for its actions, it says it is only having a bit of fun. .1 once said to it that there was not much fun in break ing crockery and generally knocking things about, and it told me. it could not help it, for when its mother caught fire it was taking .some crockery out, and the shook was so great that it dropped it. Since then its favorite amusement has been smashing up the crockery. It has done, from firat't'o last, £100 worth of damage, and you may be sure if it was one of ourselves we would not waste money like that. . Not long since, it went into the kitchen, and in the presence of three or four took down the frying-pan, placed it on the fire, and put six eggs on it. The frying-pan could be seen moving, and the eggs put in it, but the agency which moved it was invisible. It is no wonder that we are scared, when these things take place. Why, even the dogs know when it is about, you can hear it talking to them, and they are in mortal dread, their hair standing up and their eyes bulging.out of their heads. It talks in two voices, and sometimes so loudly that it ought to bo heard a mile away. ; . Does it ever sing, and are the songs up to date ?-Yes it sings, and it seems to know all sorts of songs. Two in particular it seems to be very fond of-' The Banks of the Clyde,' .and ' The Ship that never returned.' It sings the last one pretty fair, but it is quite horrible to hear it singing ' The Banks of the Clyde'-it is., quite sickening.It does not, trouble me at. my selection so much as it' troubles' them at father's place. .It sometimes comes and takes my tools wlien l am at work,,'and plants them. I find them afterwards, how ever. We T are quite full about it. The family will come into Dubbo, and then it can bash away.: Do you suspect any neighbors of being concerned ?--No, we are on the best, terms with every one, and the nearest .neighbor is living nearly three miles away. I have really no conception of what the thing is, beyond that I honestly believe it is a live spirit, possessed by the devil, and having the power of making itself invisible. Why the night when we were praying, and it lifted up the table towards the ceiling, there were present my father and mother and four sisters. Not one of them touched the table, but it went up just the same. 