SOCIAL GOSSIP. tST It -is reqvested that XOT1CKS o/ SOCIAL OA TllI'.RlXGS tnlmdtd for insertion tit this column may La despatched to at io rrach tho editor not later than TUVKSDAT II 011X111 G in each week. tST It is requested that all reports of surprise parties and othor Catherines should have the names and addresses oj the writers for ths private informa tion of the editor, and as apledeeof qoodfaith. Fixtures of tho future include the Boys Brigade ball on September 12, and Hospital' Saturday ball ou September 2!). The attraction of next woek will bo St. Vincent's bail, which fs fixed to tako place at tho Town Hall on Tuesday evening. As usual the cammlttuo of management has made complete arrangements for tho success of the event, which it is anticipated will turn out mast brilliant, Tbo opening of Parliament will take place on Tuesday noxt, Ths function will bo shorn of mueli of its. usual intoreBt from a social point of view owing to tliu present unsettled state of the political partias, and the necessity for the re-election of members of tho now Ministry. The Sydney Hospital, tho completion of which has been groatiy expedited by Sir George Dibbs, is to bo opened on Friday next. As a compliment to tho ex- Premier for liis admirable determination to have tho new building ready for occupation with as little delay as possible, -thu com mil tee of maiiagoment decided that it would bo a grace! ui act to invito Sir George Dibbs to perform lite opening ceremony, and Sir George has accepted the invitation. . Messrs. Hordorn Brothors, of 203 to 211 Piti-Btrect, have airoady issued their fashion- plates tar tho ensuing spring and slimmer. Tney - are being distributed iu pamphlet form,- and include all the latest fashions for evening and ordinary wear. With each cut is given an estimate of the coat in difforenl materials of tho costume ropresontod, a pro vision which will materially help purchasers, and oue that will be fully approbated by the ladies. Tile plates are excellently printed .throughout. Court Robin Hood, No. 538, Order of Royal Foresters, held a grand social at tho Oddfellows' Temple, Elizrbeth-atrcot, on VVednesday evening Iubi. There was a very good attendance, and dortng the evening some very good songs were given by Messrs. W. Ryan, W. Budd, R, Wilson, T. Bishop, and Miss Violet Bishop. The floor Was in splendid order, and the dancing was ad mirably conduotod by M.C.'s Bros. R. Bishop, P. -Barrett, and W. Argell. Music wits supplied by Mr. -R. Rosen's string bund, the party breaking up at midnight after spending a very enjoyable time. A meeting, convened by the Mayor of the Glebe (Aldurnian VV. A. Hutchison) and attended by nbout 50 ladiuB und gentlemen, was held at the Glebe Town Hail on Wed nesday cveuing for the purpose of discussing a proposal. to hold a bread and batter danco, in order to rniie funds for the relief of the distressed poor jn the district. Tho Muyor presided, Ths- proposal was adopted, and the date of tbe 'daneo fixed for August 30. An executive committee, consisting of 25 ladies and eight gentlemcu, was formed, witlt the Mayor as treasurer uud Alderman Lewis as secretary. The movement is being warmly supported, and it is anticipated that the daiico will be a great success. Tho crisis in politics has had a depressing o fleet upon social "...matters, aud several functions which it was understood would tako place iu tho presence ot tho Governor had to proceed without his Excellency's at- teudsnee. - The annual meuting of the Boye' ' Brigade on Monday night was to have been under the presidency of bis Excellency, hut Sir Robert sent a letter of apology for, bis .absence. Tho Masonic bail on Tuesday evening, too, had boon promised vice-regal patronage, and though the arrangements made by the committee for the reception of his Excollenoy and Lady Duff were of a .most comploto character, they did not attend. The third hygiux of tho Summer Hill Owls was hold at Mayviile, Summer Hill, on Friday, July 27. Over 50 couples were present. The hall was nicely decorated, and the floor in good order, Sploudid music was supplied by Professor Smith and excellent catoiing by Mr. W. Law, of Petersham. Tho following were some of the drosses worn by the ladies: — Mrs. S. G. Smith, cream Bilk \ Miss Teakle, rich rod silk; Miss Miller, cream crepon ; Mrs, Milton, buttercup ; Miss Cupitt, blno brocado ; Miss Munro, pale green ; Miss E. Newton, blue apaugled net ; Miss Donohoe, pink silk with peail fringe ; Miss Manuing, heliotrope ; Miss Laing, pink and black velvet; Miss Williams, cream nun's veiling; Miss M'Craoken ; cronm oashmere; Mrs. Stewart, buttercup silk; Miss Lloyd, black net ; Miss Shirbin, cream ; Miss C. Chapman, black silk ; Miss Nunn, cream ; Mrs. Morris, pink surah ; Mrs. Hughos, heliotrope ; Miss Munro, pale green ; Misses Burrows, orcam and pale bine ; Mibs Shortus, pile green. Messrs. George Miller aud W, J. Milton made effi cient M's.C., and tho committee are to be congratulated on tho success of the dance. A very successful social was held at the- Balntain Town Hall ou F'riday evening, July 27\. It was organised by the members of the Balmain Working Men's Institute to colo- brnte the opening of the new additions. Dancing commonced at 8 o'clock sharp, and torminated at 2 o'clock ou Saturday morn ing. About'75 couples were present. The hall was prettily decorator! with flags and ferns. Tho cutoring, by Mr. Cox, of Erskiiie-strcot, was all that could be desired. A programme of dances was gone through, Messrs. S. Johnson and A. Rcelis officiating as M.'bC., tho music being supplied by Messrs. Loukwuod and Hartley. Tho principal gentlemen present woroD. Easton, president; Alf. Hunt, vice- president; J. P. Franki, triistoo ; Mr. W. H. Wilks, M.L.A ; T. M'Namara, Irwin, A. Lewis, A. Wood, A. Abonoathy, A. Howe, T. Storey, J. Storey, A. Constable, .11. Somorvilie and many others. Among the ladies present the most noticoable drosses wore : — Misaos Ada Fagan, white chiffon and buttercup trimmings ; E. Booth, white satin; li. Easton, cardinal, N. V. ; Bertha Dawson, pink aud gray velvet ; Noil8on.(3), M. Moron and H, Moran, helio trope ; Buckley, Stophen, Cotnpton and others. Ths Naval Artillery potty officers' fifth annual ball was exceedingly well attonded' at the Paddiugton Town Hali on Friday night last week. AmoDgat those.prosenc wore : — Captain Hixoon, Cotnmandor Bossnquoti, Commander Connor, Senior-lieutenant Koating, Lioutenant Walsh, Lieutenant Stophens, Lieutenant Wooloott-Waley, Sub lieutenants Coggins, Roberts, Ives, Lieu tenant Woodl'.il), Staff-sergeant Rishards (Quoanboyan Mountod Rifles), and repre sentatives from various othor rogimonts. The hall was very tattofully decorated for the occasion. On tho stage was a five- barrel Nordenfeldt machine gun, togother with the silk coiors of the corps ; also rifles, cutlasses, shells large and small, and a largo number oi flags from IT, M.C.3. Wolverine. All around tho room tho walls wore prettily decorated with various flags, and at equal distances wore the names of tho various Bhip3 of tiio Australian squadran. C.P.O. Wnito, C.I'.O. Maxwell, P.O. Harding and P. O. Goggins acted as masters of ceremonies, A strong committee, with l'euy-Oflicer M'Fadyon as secretary und Petty-Officer GogginB as treasurer, worked hard to ntako the ball the great success it was. Tbo ball opened with a grand march, tile tnusic being the ordinary regimental inspection march, "Norma," winding up with " Rule Britan nia," suitably arranged for tho string band by Bandmaster Charieswortli, Tito cos tumes worn by tho ladies were very nice, and tile bright colors of the officers nnifortns mado a very pretty scene. Among tho ladies preaanS woro t— Miss Punoh, who wore a bluak silk dress, with pink satin trimmings ; Miss ICoiahsr, etlk and pale green tnoire and pearls ; Mrs. Aylward, whito silk and black lace ; Miss Hanti, pink silk end black sleeves ; Miss Evcrson, black silk and pale biuo velvet, with jot trim mings ; Miss Lyitleton, old gold satiD and violet trimmings ; Miss Martin, salmon pink moire an-1 moss gtccn velvet ; Miss Dobspn, pink cashmere and white laco ; Miss D'Arcy, buttercup satin nnd croam j net; Miss Schwobel, cream silk and green , trimmings; Miss Whitbread, black velvet | with buttercup trimmings; Miss Kelly, wltito satin ; Miss Bray, oream satin, blue velvet trimmings; Mrs. J. Willis, groy silk and pink ciiiffun ; Miss Upton, cream crepon and blue trimmings ; Miss Fagan, pink cashmere and cau de nil velvet; Mrs. Woolcott- Wnlcy, buttorcup satin and whito lace ; Mrs, Levy, fawn silk and upplu-groou satin, oriental trimmings ; Miss Brown, pale blue crepon and chiffou ; Miss Blair, pink crepon and lace; Miss Stephens, white cashmere and heliotrope velvet ; Miss Con nor, puio biuo silk ; Miss Woodward, helio trope and while satiu : Miss IVaish, black satin and heliotrope ; Miss Howlry, cau de nil siik. A groat number of other ladles wore very handsome drosses, Tho Sydney commercial travellers' fourth annual hail was hold at Leigh House on /Thursday evening, July 20, and was a pronounced success, fully 125 couples being prusent. Among the number wero:->His Worship lita Alayor of Sydney (Sir W. V, Manning), Mr. Daniel O'Connor, Mr. C. G. Iluttie, .Mr. D. Ries, Mr. l'enieil, Mr. H. Tonucnt. Donaldson, Mr. Herman (Artni- clule), Mr. D. Storey, M.L.A. , Jtc. The room was very prettily docorated, the floor was in splendid order, and the music (Dj Grocu's Baud) was excel lent, all nf which assisted iu making the evening's entertainment so enjoyable. Messrs. R, Hull, J, Haghtsn, II. T. Mor gan, A. W. Stephenson, and E. Cohen acted efficiently us M's.C. A largo committee, with Mr. L'ioncl Levy as treasurer aud Mr. J. Fernandez as secretary, did all in thoir power to inako evcryo'no comfortable, and in that respect were highly successful, as the gathering was ono of the most enjoyable held during the season. At 11.30 p. in. alio company adjourned to tile banquet hall, -a'hsre an excellent supper was in ruadiness. Mr. H. S. Mann, president of tho associa tion, occupied the chair, and Mr. A. Bronkc, tho vice- pre8idont, wss vice-chairman. Apologies were received from his Excellency tho Governor, 8ir George Dibbs and Sir Henry Parkcs. Tho toast list comprised " The Qttosn " and " Tho Governor " by tho chairman; "The Ministry " by Mr. A. Brooke, which was responded to by Mr." 1). Storey, M.L.A. ; "Commercial Travellers " by Sir W. P. Manning, and responded to by Mr. L. Lory. ; " The Ladies," " Tho Press" and " Tho Chairman " wore also honored. The dresses worn by tho toadies were very haudsome, among the number being Mrs. Fernandez, whito corded silk and emerald green sequins aud beads ; Mrs. L. Lory, while thoirc, with pink and pale green trimmings ; Mrs. Birch, pink liberty silk, sea green and floral trimmings ; Mrs. A. E. AndorBou, buttercup bcngalino silk, trimmed with brocho and edelweiss lscn ; Mrs, Broad bent, eau do nil surah, trimmed with pink and silver net; Miss Fer- gusson, piuk satin and white edelweiss lace; Mrs. Stone, pink liberty Bilk, trimmed with black cbantilly lace; Miss Mortimer, pink crepon and whito lace ; Mrs. J. S. Martin, pale blue bcngalino, trimmed with acqnin, gimp and lace ; Mrs, Turpin, black silk and iialiotropo ; Miss VYestland, piuk satin and floral trimmings; MiiB King, eau do nil liberty siik, trimmed with white and silver not; Miss M'Dotmld, cardinal silk and Brussci's net ; Miss Campbell, nun's veil ing and brocho; Mrs, Hattie, white satin duchcsio and ruby velvot trimming ; Mrs. E. Ward, holiotrope incrveillcux, trimmed with white-beaded gimp and real Malteao lace ; Miss E. Midlqtou, heliotrope faille silk and cream lace; Miss Woodhiil, crcuin nun's veiling aud peacock green ; Miss Jessie Campbell, whito Ruesian cord silk ; MiS3 G. Dabron, white-ribbed silk und Bwansdown ; Miss F. Murphy, wltito brocade silk Court robe ; Miss Ross, white satin and net ; Mise Ray, biaok surah, with buttercup trimmings ; Miss J, Dabron,' white moire and jet sequin gimp ; Miss Drewott, whito satin ; Miss F. Phelps, whito satin and real lace. xThe Masonic Charity Bali, in aid of the funds of the Freemasons' Benavolont Insti tution, took place at the Centennial Hall on Tuesday evening last, and was a splendid succoss, fully 425 couples being present, in cluding a number of visitors from country lodges. The hail was beautifully decorated witlt evergreens, flags, Bhiclds, masonic emblems and bannerets. The dais eroctcd for the Governor was handsomely . ar ranged aud decorated, the hattdsomo ban ner of the Grand Master being erected in front, and the centre of much attrac tion. The Governor was not present, although great preparation had been inado for his reception, und considerable surprise was expressed all round at his non-appear ance. Ac 8.30_ p.tn. tite bull opened witlt three grand pro'eoBBions, the first being the Grand Mark Masons, headed by D.G. M.M. Bro. Donnelly FiBiier ; then the Supreme Grand Royal Aran Cnapter, with S.G.P. Bro. T. F. H. Mackenzie in command, fol lowed by tho United Grand Lodge of New South Wales, headed by P.G. M. Bro. Juntos Hunt. Tho inarch, with tho rich colors of thu roL'aliua, the gold and silver fringes and tho brightness oi tho jewels, was a very imposing sight, and was added to greatly by the many- eolorcd costumes of the ladies present. The floor was in good condition. The music, which was really first-clues, was supplied by De Groen's band, aud a most en joyable evening was spout. Atnoug those present woro the following officers of the Grand Lodge : — Bro. Jatnos Hunt, P.G. M.; Bro. II. E, Vnugiian, P.G.D. .11.; Bro. N, IIopsou, P.D.S. M.; 15ro. T. li. Spencer, D.G.M.; Bro. R. Anderson, S.G. W.; Uro. E. Robinson, J.G.W. ; Bro. J. IV. Evans, P. S.G. IV.; Bro. G. IV. Marsh, P.B. of B.; Bru. H. I'ussmore, G.O. VV. ; Bro, A. J. Bur- bridge. G.D.C.; Bro. M. E. S. Why- sail, P.G.D.C.; Bro. J, Sonter, S.G.D.; Dr. Nowmarch, D.G. D.G. ; Bro. W. O. Mar shall, S.G. D. ; Bro. H. J.'l'rigga, LG.D,; Bro. G. Walker, G.P.; Dr. Kyngdon, G.3.; and many others. Bro. 15. W. Bramblo, I.P.M. (Oxford); Bro, W. J, Minty, W.M. (Corinthian); Bro. J. Partus, W.M. (Aus tralia) ; Bro. Cooper, W. M. (Oxford) ; Bro. J.P.Dale, I. P.M. (Redfern Kilwinning); and IV, C. Sliipway, I.P.M. (l'urbolton) ; and a number of leading citizeus were also present. Bro. J. C. Remington, president Bsnevolont Institution, was unavoidably absent through illness. The stewards for the evening were Bros. W. Marshall, J. 'J'udgay, J. P. Dale, J, W, Evans, J. H. Harris, J. J. Chounding, J. Herman, aud J. Portus, the dunes of lion, secretary were ably fulfilled by Bro. G. U. Murelt and tltOBo of hou. treasurer by Bro. T. E. Spencer. Ths programmes, which wero really very good, woro tho work of S, T. Leigh aud Co. Abel and Co. had charge of thu catering. Thu dresses worn by tho ladies were exceed ingly pretty, and evinced a great amount of taBte. Among the ladies present wero : Miss Hunt, who wore a beautitul dress nf bluclt Bitip and lace ; Mrs. Marsh, white silk and lace ; Mrs. Witysall, blue moire, with sloovoa and trimmings of whito mer- veillcux, silver-tinsel net and palc-bluo forget-me-nots; Mrs. T. E. Spencer, black brocado and cardinal satin ; Mrs. Kyngdon, grey shotsilk, pink and cream chiffon sleeves ; .Miss DecUor, whito Hatin ; Miss Christie, pVn Liberty silk; Mia3 Lane, cau-dc-nil uropen and roses ; Mrs, Toilemuchc, hetio- tropo silk and cau-do-nil ; Mrs. Evaus, black silk ; Mrs, J. Thomas (Penrith), black velvet and black lace ; Mrs. Haywood, black satin and cardinal ; Miss ICrink.pink silk and cream plush; Miss Chambers, butter cup silk and black luce ; Miss Hastmoro, buttercup mi it's veiling, pink satin trimmings; Mrs. Lane, black silk and lace, with pink ictlhcrs; Miss Walker, heliotrope und green satin ; Mrs. Mttir, black silk and buttercup; Mrs. F. Williams, sliritnp pink, Maltose laco; Miss M'tiewati, eau-denil silk and pink iace ; Miss K. Middiotnn wore u vory pretty dres« of peach-colored trailo ahd cbantiliy lace; Miss F. Murphy, biuo velvet; Miss Cavanaugh, scarlet" mor- vcilieux ; Mrs. E. Horton, roio pink siik and pusomontorie trimmings ; Miss Wood- hill, buttercup and sea green velvet ; Mrs, J. White, bluck morvoilleux and jet, with rones ; Mrs. 11. Aioxander, buttorcup siik and black volvct and diamond ornaments ; Mrs. Hotigs, whito silk and royal blue; Miss Finch, buttercup saiiu ; Miss M. Bird, pink surah silk and cream guipure lacc ; Miss Yida Smith, euu-dc-nil veiling, trimmed with reseda velvet and Maltese , luce ; Mrs. C. Broadbont, cau-dc-nil pongo silk, trimmed with black net, | flowers and autumn leaves; Miss Simpson, buttcreup bcngalino silk aud white Maltese lacs ; Mr.-, li, E. Smith, holiotrope brncade, white guipure iace ; Mrs. William Nlchol, electric bIioi surah anil coral velvet buttc, trimmed steel gimp ; Miss A. M'Evoy, pink crepon and silk guipura ; Miss JM. Mann, ivory satin and pearl trimmings ; Mrs. J. Evans, black mervcillcux and heliotrope bodice black sequin lacs ; Miss Rain- ford, buttercup veiling and white cashmera sequin trimming and pearls ; Mrs. A. Bray, pink silk; .Hits Mshnuey, cau-de-nit crepon and velvet ; Mrs. Ilnltio, black silk velvet, tritnmod with black jot and crimson and pink roses ; Mrs. Buswell, whito satin ; Miss Drew, buttercup satin und white lace ; Mrs. Eegtsrh, pale blue and white lacs ; Miss Budu iWollongong), black vclvut and whitu satin; and a number of other ladies woro very handsome costumes. ' One of the prettiost dreams at Ascot races (England) was of pure white, trimmed with broad paie apple-green ribbon. It was worn by a tall, dark, handsome girl, who towored abovo the crowd. Anothor tall girl aa pretty, but quite fair, wore u lovely costume of tho sof test crepo of a pretty shade of pale Blue. The beauty of tbe meeting was the Countess of Yarborough, but the enclosure was full of pretty women, among them being Lady Downshire, Miss Muriol Wiloou, Lady Edith Ward, Lady Essex, Mrs. Asquitlt, Lady Uibblcsdalo, Mrs. Channing, Lady Harrington, Lady Lurgan, Lady Algernon Lonnux, and Mn. G roof ell. Philadelphia soeisty (writes Charles Bol- mont Davis In the Juua Ha lit- Kit's) occupies an almost unique position iu its absolute disregard for monoy. The man with a long rent-roll is no more larorod than the clerk who is dependout on Itis email salary in a down town office ; tho girl who bus to make her own ball-dresses receives just us much at tention as' hor social sister who buys bora in Paris, and it is a fact that the man who marribs a rich girl in tho Quaker City is usually rngurdod with sc voresuspicion. Philadelphia society js formed ou a busis of Philadelphia birth, and it has not very much regard for anything else. A man who boasts ot a grandfather born iu the Quaker City, acctirdiug to the notions of tnis old soQiutv, is, considerably more of a person .than uuother matt who can trace his family back 10 generations in any other State. So faras the usual social functions are enncerned those of . Pniiadeipiiia do not differ very materially from those of other cities, except iu tho fact that tbo debutants form the axlu about which the social oircle revolves. From two to three years is the usually allotted ilmo iu which a girl plays au active part iu Philadelphia society. Then she genoraily has a very ex pensive wedding, and retires to an inexpon- sive married oxistcuce nit Locust street. Almost every oity has its Brides' Row, and in'-thiu respect Philadelphia is no oxe.ption, The only difi'crouoe is that the houaes on Locust-strcci are probably smaller than any other brides' houses in the world, and show an architectural variety in their fronts which mukos tite castles of Chicago's North Bids Drive appear absolutely plain. Womqn, in Homer, wear veils ; but, oil thn whole, their dross— long siuocic and girdle— was, apparently, much liko that of later Greece. Tnis is odd, for on a very old gold ring from Mycenai, we seo woman with exuberant busts, tight waists, and potticoals heavily beilouuccd. The sumo cohiuuio ap pears on a Myeontnan ring picked up by Furtwanglcr in a curiosity shop. Two ladies are carousing out of champagne glasses. They are very tightly laced. A lady on aMyoemuaugom from Vapheio is laoed to extinction, and has Bevon flounces. The British Museum owns a'lentuid gom, where Leto weare only a crinoline, with no petticoatB over it. Dipylon vases display both men and women with tiny waists. Men, in Myoenmnn art, wear little but very short drawers and shields. In Homer, the chiefs, summoned on a night alarm, coma out iu dressing-gowns, seals of them of skins. ' The historical dress for ladies was n large piece of oioth a foot longer than tite wearer was tall and as wido as her arms could stretch. A belt partly kept it up, and safety-pins woro used. To eiiow thu whole of the leg was very usual. By taking a bath-towol (a good big one) and trying what she can muko of it as her full cos tume, a modern nymph may partly un derstand tho toilet of liar ancient sisters. When once (aha has got It on she stands with extended arms and another lady fattens a girdle rouud her waist. Then she pulls up the superfluous length through tne girdle und lets it hang ovor, and tlisre she is. Bui how loug elte will remain thus is au ex tremely dolicalo question. Straps, liko braces, were sometimes worn, aud crossed over tho breast, being fastened to tbe girdle. The dress had its advantages in the matter of health, as tboro was no tight lacing after tho Mycomoan age. Lord Edward Cecil, of tho Grenadier Guards, who was married in June last in great style to Admiial Maxso's daughter, Violet, is the fourth son of tho Marquis of Salisbury, and a rathcr.heavy.looking man. None of. tho young Cecils (writes a London correspondent) aecnt to inherit thoir father's abilities; Lord Cranbourno has "sido" enough for himself aud all itis ancestors put togetner, and is famous in tho House for his manners. His younger brother, tho rector of Hatfield, ono lias heard good things of, but what I don't for the moment remember. Mise Violet Maxsn is a beauty, and said to bo both witty and brainy"-,- iavorito Girton word — also. Tho marriage was solemnised at St. Saviour's, Walton- street, and of course the elect of tho beau-monde filled that s&notuary.; Experts pronounced the bride's dress strik ingly eimplo and conventional. She woro no jewols, but the moat exquisite natural orango blossoms, and Iter bouquet of Odonto- glosaont Alexandria and wnito roBes was something to wonder ar. Tito bridesmaids, aa usual in smart oocioty nowadays, were four small blue-blooded damsels, viz., Lady Marjorie Manners, Hon. Mabel Palmer, Hon. Beatrice Cecil and Miss Barbara Jckyll. Tncy wero prettiiy dressed in some pale mauve material striped with satin, with yokes nnd puffed sleeves of whito chiffon and largu chip hats trimmed with clusters of violets. The bridegroom presented them with enainul brooches bearing tho initials E.C., with a violet cntwinod. The prevailing nolo of this wedding was sovcro simplicity and ' good taste, ' FIowcib alone were in pro- fusion, and these were superb, in fact the pick of the Hatfield hothouses. For once, too, "O Perfect I.ovo" did not figure in tho programme, "Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost," and "Now Thank We All Our God " being tho hytnns sung. Lord Salis- bury, llr. Balfour, Mr. Joint Morloy and Mr. Asquitlt sigued t Ho register. Tho most ro- markable feature of the long list of prcsonts is that no royalties fignro amongst the givers, evon iter Majesty's Indian shawl for once boing conspicuous by absence. Tite Marquis of Salisbury looked far from well, and it is openly said he suffers from an in- totnal complaint which will prevent his ovor again assuming tho responsibilities of Go vernment. 