a f R JDINGLEY SOCIAL, A 'very.pleasant ,and. enjoyable social; was leld mi.:Dingley schoolroomu by the. local Mutual limprovement und Amuse. ment'.Sciety, olm loudayeveni?g. Mr.At tenborough presided. Ain innovation was introduced.,by'the members acting char. ades, whichli they managed in capulit style, all acquitting themselves well. Ti stag.. ing was also good thus. imparting reality. to. the scenes. An original paper (to the, editor) read, by aMrs. John Orgill and 'tcuching 'on' loitl topics and identities, evoked much -merriment. A debate on, '!.What to do with our sons " was brought into the first charade (The Seasons) sn,, owell argued by the various members. The'concluding act of thiis chanido was, extremely pretty, and very effectively ar-. ranged ; thJu dr?sse were alson appropriate. In the first . ct . of. tho second charade, (Phantom) the' i granny ." of the treasurer. was:truly r~itilstic,: The ghost in the last, charade ,was sd uiceanny,as to evoke geou-. ine screa.. The mnembers are to be, congratulated. onthis, .their' first attempt at amateur nting. The various acts of the charadri were interspersed throuiih an programme, of inusicAl selections. The, prologue was spoken by. Miss Ivy Orgill,, and the following items were raudered: Overture, liss Ilotton; sang, bliss Or-. gill.; pianoforte duet,i Misses Rulston and Cannon ; song, Mr. Ivo Evans;: pianoforto selection, Dr.'. Mailer; song,, Mr.:-Abbott. An interval occurred here, during which the chairiran distributed' the.prizes won :.in the recent quoit con-. tiatas: Humorous readin#i,.) br. Atten-. borough; pianofurte. solectin, Mhiss Hot-. .tonu; soags Mias.Orgill; pianoforte solee-. tion, Dr. Mailer ; song, iMr.? Ivo. Evans. (encored). Misg Hutton and Dr. Mailer. shared the accompaniments. At tho con-. eluaion of ,the- programnmeMr. Atten-. biorotigh:cilled on the two youngest tsem-. bers of the Associatiun.to move a vote iof thanks to.Mrs. Ogill, for her indefati gable efforts o, is,;, tl and all silar occa-. sions, to promote thira enjoyment. This. having been done, and onv that. lady re aponding, the usual votes .were; accorded: the perforniers and bchairian An excel-. lent light supper was handed roind, and a plamant ' hour` hiled -awsiy'in :social chat, after which dancing was indulged ins for-a few hours,-bringing to- a .conclusion, one of the most pleasant socials held by, the association. ~,...... C \ ·- · 