PORTFOLIO. Faith in the doctrine of a Trinity in Unity is reasonable. We believe many things which we neither understond nor comprehend; our.earo Is, th'I those who inform us are worthy of belief. We ground the reasonableness of faith on the credibility of testimony. If we believe the witnesses, we believe the fact. This happens to ns every day, in our transactlios with each other, in matters in which we are ourselves ignorant, we believe the philosoplher, the traveller, the physician, and others, who may lhave either the skill or tile knowledge, or the experience we neod ; provided only that they hb morally worthy of credit. Nay, It is thIs that we believe even in oar own oexlstence, Our soul, and body, and life are in one frame; and we have no'hesita. tien in receiving this mystery, becanse we have the credible testimony of our realsson and our senses, that we do so exist, As we stand over a sleeping fellow- creature, and behold him breathing we are convinced that there is a body, and life ; hot by the unconsciousness of the lperson to our presence, we Are also convinced thint the soul-that spring of action, spleech, and thought-Is distinct fromn lbody, and fromn life. When to sleep succeeds death, and we contemplate the dead, we perceive that not only the light of the mind is remonved, but the light of the lbdly also, and nothing temnins but the frame ; equally unconseious and in anhinte. Yet in ia living, rational man, we see the three united ; body, life, and soul; tal nwe believein the union, because we believe in the testimony of our reason, and our senses, which are witnesses to the fiet, . . At :the Baptism of our bleesed Saviour, we have the three Persons distinctly marked out, and engaged at the samne time, each at the ante tinie, each in his peliar offlliceo Jesus is balptised, the Spirit descends visibly upon lsian, and the Father, by an approving voice froIm Heaven, declares lis graciosi presellce. It is impossible for ia distinction of persons to be more plainly set forth. . Our faith in the doctrine of Trinity in Unity, thus established, is not barren, but a lively fith ; productive of peace and joy, It, pacie we trust the welfare of our saonl to this our God ; and rejoice in the strength of our salvation. The Fatlher who wills our salvation is God, Ahnighty,--The Son who died to do Ilis Fisather's will, is able to do it becaiuse lie also is God, Ailmligllty, The Holy Ghost, who was sent from Heaven to complete our salvation, is titsal ts to the work, for He likewise is God, Almighty. Yet not three Gods, but one God ; and having one object, even the recovery of fallen tman to his inheritance in lleaven.-F-roes "Jautes on the Collects." 