Photography. Deer Stalking with a Camera. In his Camera Notes a few weeks ago "Short Focus" made some reference to the difficulty of photographing wild animals in their native haunts. The following from Land and Water . gives an account of some work of this sort done lately by a couple of sportsmen in the United States :— That there are distriots still left in-the far Western States of North' Amerioa where game is as abundant as ever it was is a statement wbioh few might be. expected to believe;.and if disbelieving sportsmen, well knowing how .game is everywhere being shot off, were further told that there aie even now remaining bands of elk and black-tailed deer whose numbers run . up into the hundreds, they might be excused if they thought the statement dictated, by imagination rather than by desire to tell the truth. Nevertheless, it is tbe case. There are a few localities—very few, of_ oourse—whioh, owing to their inaccessibility and great distance from the railroads, remain to this day unvisited by the übiquitous tourist and sportsman/ In these favoured spots are now roaming targe . herds of deer unfamiliar with the appearance of man and the everlasting crack of the rifle. It oannot be expected that this state of affairs will last lpng. The railroads will one day out up the country* and the game will be driven off—hardly driven, killed off, I should say. Thia day, I hope, will be long delayed, for it ia in one of these last retreats that my borne is. Our log cabin (lor there are two of us) is perched high up on the mountain side near a tunnel running. some three hundred feet into the solid granite, where a vein of mineral- bearing quartz furnishes us with the means ot livelihood. It is a lonely life. Our nearest neighbour, another prospec tor, is forty miles away. The nearest post office, a week's ride on horseback. To many ■ tbe extreme quiet and sameness of such a life would be unbearable. To us, though there are times, I confess, when visitors would be most welcome, its solitude and freedom from restraint are its ohiefest oharm. We are sportsmen, my partner and I, and by sportsmen I should like to say I don't mean men whose one idea is slaughter. Our standard ia not. the size of the day's bag. Our ideas are somewhat different. Our manner of bunting is one whioh I hope will commend*- itself as not altogether ridiculous, and justify me in calling ourselves sportsmen. On the day we select for our hunt we saddle a couple of bronohoes, and, taking a light oamera, are off long before the sun peeps over tbe mountains. Slowly and cautiously -we make our way downhill by the light or the first faint tinge of golden haze that precedes the sun. As we draw near the fiver beneath we pass over tbe flats where, by the way, not long ago we managed one morning to seoure several photographs of a band ot elk numbering fully 300\. It was a splendid sight to see them* lying there with never the thought of an intruder. Great animals, many of them heavier than our average cattle, tbey were lying iff the snow before us unaware tbat two of tbe raoe which provides their wor3t enemies were within eighty yards, A glance at tbat big herd would have stirred any man, but we contented our selves with a few photos, and left so quietly that they never knew we had been in their neighbourhood. As we pass on over the flats in the semi-darkness a few elk every now and then rise ghost-like from tbe sage bushes and disappear in the further gloom. If we wished we could supply our larder without going another step, but elk are not our game, we are in aearoh of daintier venison ; our quarry is the fleet-footed antelope, which furnishes the most delicately flavoured meat of any animal I know. So down towards the valley below we continue our way. As soon as we reaoh the river we dismount and picket our horses in a- clump of cedars. Having unstrapped the camera, we take'our rifles and move upstream until we arrive at some well-worn deer trails, to which we have been many a time before. Here, sheltered behind a cluster of juniper,,g*ees, we wait the arrival of the antelope.. -'Every moment, the sky gets brighter, till, though the sun haa not yet shown itself, it is broad day. Suddenly tbey come, but not from tbe direction we,had expected. Tbey are lower down the stream, and are off before we can get a shot. Some thing has frightened them. Hardly b» ye they gone before five mule deer oome down to drink on the other side of tbe river—two bucks and three does. While they are drinking my companion takes a Bhot with his camera, ana ere he withdraws the dark slide they plunge into the water and swim straight towards os. They land not fifty feet away, and we foous the camera. At that moment the noise made by ohanging the dark slide alarms them, and the two buoka and one of the does scamper off. The two remaining does, however, stay behind, apparently quite unooncerned. Possibly they had not heard the noise. Anyhow, they trot round our hiding plaoe and suddenly faoe us from a point above not twenty yards away. For several seconds they stand still as statues, giving tbe camera a splendid opportunity. We get one negative, but before we oan get a second they take alarm and amble off, frightening as they go four or five hundred mule deer which, hitherto unperceived, had been ooming down to drink. A little longer we wait the ooming of tbe antelope, but while we oan see them in the distanoe lower down the stream none oome near us, so we leave our shelter and go further up. A few hundred yards on we surprise three more deer drinking. They stop a few moments to look at us, not long, but just long enough for us to secure another photo. Inquisitive animals are mule deer. If they are disturbed they must always stop a moment to see thei oauße, a moment that is often fatal to them. Moving on again we oome presently to a large open space. A valley lies before us. This is our goal. It is tbe home of hundreds ot antelope. There are several a couple of hundred yards distant. From bush to bush we stalk ■ them to get a good shot. As we follow them, closely watching every movement they make, we almost run up against one as it lies on the ground not twenty yards distant. We both ..aee it at onoe, ana while I cover it with my' rifle my oompanion, moving off a few paces with the camera, takes our photo, the antelope even now unaware of our approach. As soon as he gets the picture be shouts, so that our (game may have a chanoe for its life. With a bound it is off. It does not stop to look round, as the mule deer do, but leaps for the open country before it. Ere it takes its second bound I have put in my shot, behind the ear, and it falls over head first without a shudder. Then baok to our horses, for with the antelope flung over my shoulder we are satisfied with the morning's sport from the larder point of view. 