flecas in Brief. ' Brief then-what's the news."-KING JOHN. Àttbe local Lands office on Thursday, I 80th August, Reuben Thomas Turner ap- plied for a e.p., 40ac, c dook p Meroo. The Electrio Minstrels propose to visit Windsor on Eight-hour Day and the pre- ceding Saturday. The company is a tip-top one, and should secure liberal patronage. Mr Charlie Hough has had on exhibition at liaraond'a this week a large turnip, weighing over 6lbs, grown on the farm he is working. The eldest daughter (Amy Edith) of Hon H. Moses. M.L.C., once one of the M's.P. for the Hawkesbury, was married last month to Mr T A Thompson, of Dapto. Mr. George'Bowthorn was in town on Saturday and Sunday last, on his way to Wolumla, South Coast, where he has been appointed Post and Telegraph master« The work of decking, &c;, Windsor Bridge, has been completed by local labour, under the direct superintendence of Mr. J. Smith, an officer of the Roads and Bridges Department. Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Davis, of Sackville, have had a severe bout of influenza. When it ia remembered that Mr Davis is 82 years of age, it is little short of a miracle that he pulled through. In the Assembly on Tuesday, Mr W Morgan voted with the Government against Mr T Rose's National Bank proposals, and l#r W H B Piddington voted on Mr Base's side. The proposal was carried by 52 to 85. Constable Rogers was served with a writ on Monday last by Thomas Atkins, of Wil- berforce, claiming £200 damages for arrest in connection with the recent cattle-killing caie. The case will be heard at next District Court. A public meeting is to be held at the Windsor School of Arts on Friday evening next, when the Mayor will preside, to urge the establishment of markets in Windsor. It is to be hoped that there will be a bjg attendance. I The number of the horse Candour \n j Tattersalls Spring Handicap sweep w^is 9101\. Mr Harry Figg, of the Fitzroy, i drew 9100. Not far off, but one made all the difference. One more Figg(ure) would have done the trick. Harry. Whilßt most of the old residente in the district have been suffering from influenza, and several of them having died, our oldept resident, Mr. C. Broderick, 96 years of agfe, has escaped the prevailing complaint, and is hearty and well. He is a wpnder. 1 In a Sydney paper it has been stated that Sir Alfred Stephen, aged 92, is no|w ? probably the oldest N.S.W. colonist. Ttys is not correct, for Windsor has at least one older than Sir Alfred, in the person of ifcr C. Broderick, who is 96 years of age. Mr. A. Kennedy, District Court bailiff, had an unpleasant experience one day Iaj3t week. He went on business to Kenthurst, and daring the night he stayed there his steed escaped, leaving him to foot-it co Windsor-a distance of 17 or 18 miles. We are informed that no delay was ex- perienced, as stated last weeli, by the Wilberforce settlers in the matter of . the arrival of the steamer from Sydney last week to take their fire-wood away. The craft left Sydney one day, and arrived at Wilberforce on the next. A letter has been received from Mr Will Holmes, who went a few weeks' ago to Poolgaraie. HeVHtes (August 16ttí) that he has arrived safely, and is now working on the new Murchison gold-fields. Be says they are experiencing frosty nights, somewhat different to northern Queensland, where he formerly lived. We have received .' The Beacon" (Mel- bourne) September issue, the best twopenny worth of democracy obtainable in the colonies. Straight, smartly- written, nicely printed, and containing several political cartoons,-it is a publication which must advance the cause it principally advocates -that of land-value taxation. It will be remembered that recently a truck was derailed in the vicinity of River- stone Railway-station, and a few days back an investigation was held. The driver and guard, who had been on duty all the night before, were brought up to Riverstone, and, when the investigation had concluded, they were instructed to return to Sydney at once, by the mid-day train (it being a Wednes- day). - They had had no sleep the night before and nothing to eat that day, and de- sired to remain at Riverstone to have din- ner-but they had to go. Meanwhile the officers conducting the investigation went away and had lunch, waiting for a later train. Thare was a slight fresh in the river on Monday night. Several Windsor residents received * turns' in the " Sentinel'" last week. The cattle-killing case at the Police Court last Friday created considerable in- terest, and the Court was crowded. Mr. E. Board has purchased the bousp property of the late Mr. J. Galloway in George-street, from Mr. E. Galloway. Mr. A. Arndell, of Cattai, left for Cool- gardie on Tuesday.- Several other distract residents are thinking of trying their luck. Mr Fred Templeton, who has had a bad attack of influenza, has been discharged from the Hospital, and is now getting better. ' A man who has been in the Hospital with a gathered thumb, and who was dis- charged recently, Was re-admitted lap Tuesday. Mr Guest, Superintendent of the Bene- volent Asylum, went to New Zealand wijb one of his daughters last Wednesday for a short holiday. A correspondent wants to known if there are any Seventh Day Adventists in Wilber- force, as he saw a resident painting a build- ing there last Sunday week, Mr. Wm. Gawthrop, .a retired naval officer, has been appointed local lay read ir in the conventional district of. Pittwater ai d , the Lower Hawkesbury. It is slated that Mr W Morgan, M.L.A., has received scores of letters already frota Hawkesbury residents, all anxious to get Government billets. Not much chaacp, however. A boy named Stanley Dixon was ad- mitted into the Hospital last Monday, atjd an operation was performed upon him on Tuesday. The little fellow is now re- covering. _ ' The Bev. Cuthbert Blackett, of Bouse Hill, preached morning and evening last Sund«y at St. Matthew's Church of Eng- land, and the Rev. 8. G. Fielding occapiad the Bouse Hill pulpit. . ? The Standard Fire Insurance Coy. ate giving Mr. P. Butler a free advéraseme it this week in the Sydney papers re $ie ir prompt settlement of his claim for insur- ance-money in connection with the recent fire at Pymble._! "S. M. Herald«" in its "Religious" column, says : Mr J H Fleming, of Wilberforce, died last week. Mr Fleming had been churchwarden lor JJ2 yeats, was eleoted lay representative for the parish to tpe first session bf synod held In the diocese, and con- tinued a representative np to his decease. When the arrests were being made at Wilberforce last week, one résident ex- ¡ pressed great concern, and remarked, " They'll arrest the whole town befojre they'8 done, I suppose." He really ap- ' peared to be a bit afraid they (the polioje) would. The death is announced of an old esteemed and valued l$y reader in tue , diocese of Newcastle. " Mr. Cross, of Lans- downe, Manning River, had for 8£ years ¡ occupied that position. - His father was the Bev. John Cross, who was incumbent of ( Windèor in the early days of thc colony. In an article on Camden, a contributor 1 to the 4¿ S. M. Herald" sajs " Wanting, alike the , quaintness of Windsor and tpe rural prettiness of Richmond, and by many : years the junior of both, there is little in Camden itself either to attract the casual , visitor or to attract the colonial antiquary." Thus the " Mudgee Post" :- j The American ' cheap jack,' who * did' Mudgee ( some time ago, has been having à tygh old time 'in , Windsor. They are now waiting îor bim to return \ WITH HIS TEitir. He Sings the same old song every- where/ Moral: Leave the money in your own I town, and give here-to-day-and- gone-to-morrow in- ¡ dividuals bf the ' cheap jack' persuasion the cold . shoulder. ' _t j Ii the School of Arts Committee intend , to keep their institution afloat, they will j have before long to do something to raise ( funds to keep themselves Cut of debt. A little more energy is needed amongst them to make the institution prosper. The j present Gommittee started with a flourish ' of trumpets after the annual meeting, but < since .the first meeting very little has been J heard of them. Have they given the job 1 up as hopeless? 'J ? i Mr. W. Morgan, M.L.A., is to open the < Church of England Floral-fete next month. < At a meeting of the Ladies' Committee last 1 Wednesday week, one or two ladies names i were proposed for this function, the feeling 1 being more favorable to a lady opening the i show, and most present regretted that . there wasn't a Mrs. Morgan to perform the ] ceremony. Mr. Morgan should attend to ] this. There was a very good meeting j &nd; the ladies are taking the matter up i energetically \ Small Debts Court next Tuesday moro mgr' .???.?> £ * i-^ .ir'£ .-I ::???> Two deaths in the Benevolent Asylum last week. It is stated that Mr Will Nicholls is doing well at Coolgardie._ Defaulting ratepayers ara to be proceeded against unless they pay up at once. ' Mr. Wal Baldwin leaves for the Murchi- son gold-fields, Western Australia, nqxt week. Mr. and Mrs. Manson, late of the Aus- tralian Hotel, McGrath's HUI, have left the district for Parramatta._ Messrs Mawson Bros have gone away on a photographing tour* through the country districts of the colony. One or two of the officers connected wijth the encampment to be held at darendbn passed through town by road on Saturday afternoon. The brilliant reflection caused by the great fire at Lawler's, Sydney, last Saturday night, was plainly visible from Windsor Railway-station. Mr. W. H. H. Becke, P.M., has secured a month's leave of absence. He Mas been taken ill, however, and has applijBd for an extension of leave. Last Thursday two dogs worried and killed some 16 or 18 sheep on Mr. Thomas Arndell's property at Oaddai. One of the dogs was shot and the owner of the other is known. At the Windsor Licensing Court on Tues- day, before Dr. Callaghan, a transfer of tne license held by George Manson for Jfcbr Australian Hotel, McGrath's Hill, to WU-, liam Plummer, was effected. n , - n i i i Im i ? A newly-arrived musician, and who bas had some experience with minstrel bu li- nees, has consented to assist in the fora; a tion of a club, and it is probable that steps will be taken to organise one soon. The University examinations are to com- mence next Monday, the local sittings being held at Windsor School of Arts. There are thirteen candidates. There ÍB alserobe candidate for the C. S. exam, who win also sit in Windsor. . Mr. Edward Maguire, son of Mr. P. Magure, Nelson, was admitted to the Hos- : pita! on Sunday last, suffering from a seyeira attack of influenza. We are glad to report that Mr. Maguire is gradually mending, though still confined to. his bed. - A cyclist, of-the Crusaders' Club, rode, recently from Sydney to Windsor, and back by a different route, a distance of 100 miles in all, in 7 hours and 20 (minutes (exclusive of time for rest, refreshment, &c;), or an verage of 14 miles an hour. A stranger in town wee noticed on Mon- , day making enquiries as to «orne relations he had lost the run of for years, and whom his mother said formerly resided in Winji sor. He came from Brisbane, bad never been here before, and walked up from Syp ney in Sunday and Monday's rain. ' , The Rev. B» Dinning has arranged for a series of Lime-light Entertainments this" month. The first is to be given at Wilber- force on Monday, September 17 ; at Kur- rajong, Tuesday 18th ; at Enfield, Wednes- day 19 ; and at Windsor on Thursday, 20th. The two chief items of the entertainment are, " Teh nights in a Bar-room," andi » Marley's Ghost" from Dickens' "Christ- mas Carol," also other interesting sllâéBf all from life models. I Was it an oversight ? After the cricket-, ers'concert on Friday night i^eshments were handed round freely to some of the performers, whilst three who had taken un active part in the affair, and to who ie1 efforts some of the success of the enter-1 tainmentmust be attributed, were religious ly lefV out in the cold. The slight may not have been intentional, but it wai keenly felt. 'Twas ever thus. Men will hob-nob round strangers-especially if they look like V toffs"--with a " Haw, chappie-have another glass of beean," while those who have befriended them scarcely get as muçh as a smell. lt is stated, in an inspired paragraph in an exchange, that the reasons the articles in the " Agricultural Gazette" have beên copy-righted is because " original matter, nrepáred by officers of the department h^s been annexed without acknowledgement." Now, the neewspaper man who would annex anything that appears in the " Agri- cultural Gazette" must certainty be a hard case and have a queer lot of readers ; but if he DID do so, he would merely be taking what he had a right to. The public pay these officers their salaries in return for services rendered, and it is pretty cheeky -to say the least of it-for a public de- partment, established ostensibly for thé purpose of circulating agricultural know- ledge-to ask those who desire to publish it for the public benefit to go cap-in-hand and beg; permission io do se. . 1 