EG YP T.-THE MONUMENTS. (Spectator.) Luxor, December 12th, 1893. The monuments of Egypt may be divided into two classes,- those which are interesting, and those which are imposing. Some travellers would add a third class, and that a large one, of thosa which are boring. You do not wish to know the names, and there is little else to know, of all the Pharaohs who lived before and after Moses, nor to be able to read their cartouches, nor to distinguish real anthem from spurious, nor to remember tho figures and attributes of several dozens of gods. For a moment Egyptology nmy claim us as amateurs, but it is os a means to an end ; and one may easily have enougli of it. Among the interesting class may be reckoned those few monuments which bring us within reach of Biblical or ancient history. Hero are before our ' eyes the buildings which the Pharaohs set up, and among which the Patriarchs ' lived. Moses may have walked in the Great Hall of Karnak, which in his day was the latest wonder of the world. The obelisk of Usurtasen I. is one of ! two which adorned the temple of the priest of On, when Joseph courted his i daughter. All that wo see against the ' horizon at Gizeh was ancient when i Abraham sojourned in Egypt, and was ' seen by Mary and her Child when they rested under the sycamore nt ¡ Heliopolis. We may not, after the first impres- sion of wonder, be interested in the question whether this or that obelisk is four thousand or live thousand years old. These imlleniuins fatigue the mind, like calculations of the billions of stellar space or tho number of gallons in Niagara. It is difficult, in presence of these; high numbers, to get beyond a state of blank admiration which leads nowhere ; we cannot bold them ; our callipers slip off them. But it is another thing when we come within sight of authentic history, whether of Jews, Greeks, or Romans, nnd find Egypt , throwing rt threat] across the chasi ? Here at Karaak is a record of co , (quests, which was erected by tl Shisbak to -whom Rchoboam paid tr bute. This cartouche belongs to tl King with whom Solomon traded f< horses and chariots, and whose daughte or sister he married. Here is th treasury of llhampsintus, about wliio Herodotus tells funny stories. Her the names of Xerxes, Alexander, Ca:sni and their style and title as Pharaoh! Here the portrait of Cleopatra hersell Here sits the "vocal Memnon," whot Germanicus lu ard, its Tacitus tells u: One can imagine thc high-bred Romai gentleman crossing the ferry fron Luxor and riding in the red dawi across tho fields, then, as now, standing high in corn, watered by shadoofs ant sakîyehs, and ploughed by brown fella hin, who followed the yoke of camels o oxen, while the sacred hawks wheelec in tho air and the palm-trees wavet over the Rainesseum. Nothing liai changed in two thousand years. Sud things do not teach anything ; but thej are points of contact, and add a humai and personal element which is some times wanting to the contemplation o' all this dead magnificence. We touch personal life in visiting tin very early decorations of the tomb o; Tili at Sukkàrah, which, though tl« history they record is vatiished Ijeyont recall, interest us as giving a vivie picture of ancient life in all its details official, rural, or domestic. These repre sen tat ions are the ghosts of earthh occupations, offered at the tomb for th( usc of thc ghost who haunts it. Al first, offerings were made of re.il things ghosts of which were enjoyed by tl« dead man. But as time went on pictures did as well. As there was i pictured soul and a pictured dooi through which tho real soul now ant then flitted to visit its mummied body so these pictures served, as it seems, nol only for tickets of admission to the shade.' for the ghosts of sacrificed beasts, birds fruits, and cakes, but were acceptée instead of the sacrifices themselves They are shadows of shadows, tokens ol values, of no value in themselves, bul believed to be current in the othei world. This belief in another life, however crudely conceived, persisting through so mauy centuries, may be one more instance of the unchangeable nature of thc Egyptian character ; but it is also, like tho Christian use of masses for the dead, one more proof of thc soul's need of some link between that life and this which continues here : and the most natural security against being forgotten is the belief that the prayers of the living can help thc dead. Wc observe that the whole religion of this strange people was built upon that which Greek and Roman disliked ot ignorad. The wish of Pharaoh tn build himself an everlasting sepul ch re, and reign over the dead as over the living, is nobler than the exclamation of Achilles : "I would rather be a slave on the farm of a pool man, one of little substance, herc, than be king among the dead." This being so, and when we consider that ¡ill that delights us here is the work of the men who believed thus, there is to my mind something ungrateful and indecent in what is being done nowadays " in the interest of science." To break into mummy cases, to tear open the cerements piously wound about the revered corpse four thousand years ago, and expose in glass cases the blackened, naked carcases of Kings and Princesses to any idle tourists who will pny sixpence for the sight, is a mean return for a great boon. Science, one would think, would have had enough as soon as the identity of the mummy had been certified. At any rate, nothing beyond the photograph can be demanded by science. Why not break open the tombs at Westminster and the Tower, and send their occupants to thc British Museum 1 The glories of unmerciful Kings, the tale of lopped heads and hands made up by royal scribes, the names of conquered tribes and cities sacked, the endless ascription of divine honours to the Kings, help to complete our conception of " the pomp of Egypt," the pride and power of the Kings who could darn to undertake works like the monuments of Thebes. Wc become aware of something vast and majestic, superior to a Shah or Mogul, perhaps most nearly approached by thc monarchs of Nineveh and Persepolis. But these were butterfly dynasties in comparison with the eternity of Pharo/ihs. Quite different is the impression produced by the later inscriptions, which attribute to Ptolemies and Ctesars, as mere titles, the same honours which were borne in good faith by the real Pharaohs. The gods are stale, thc titles are stale, the hieroglyphics are stale. The whole machine has become like the Holy Roman Empire a century ago, waiting for a Napoleon to dissolve it with a touch. Yet such is tho persistence of tradition in this land of wonders that some of the grandest pieces of Egyptian architecture are thc work of these Ptolemies, a feeble race, capable of pro- ducing now and then a Philadelphus or Cleopatra, but for the most part as mediocre as the Spanish Hnpsburgs. For all that, one would have liked to see the poorest Ptolemies wearing the golden double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt, borne aloft like the Pope in his nella ijcstaloria, and preceded like him hy feather fans, as he went, attended by his princes and great men, to oller incense to Auien-Ra, of whom he was himself thc imnersonation. Whatever t he degrees of interest may be, whatever the estimate we form nf the beauty o£ Egyptian art-about which volumes may be and have been written-there can be but one opinion about its impressiveness. There are not many buildings in the world which can justly be called sublime. One of these is the. Parthenon and the group o£ which it forms a part ; some castles, like Windsor ; some cathedrals, Seville, Milan, Durham, St. Peter's, may claim that appellation. There are plenty of , big things at Rome ; but there is little \- at Rome which can properly be called ¡ sublime. Even the Coliseum is, after all, an enormous Pinea de Toros. The i sublimity with -which tho Coliseum is credited has overgrown it like the plants which an enlightened Government weeded out, nnd is partly due to a Christian tradition, partly to moonlight and "Childe Harold." I don't know that any one ever called the Baths of Diocletian sublime-they arc very big: or the Pont du Gard, or Charing Cross Station, or the Forth Bridge. Scale is a necessary element of sublimity, but sentiment is another ; and :> building which is made large or lofty because it is to hold a great many people or to carry water or trains at a high level is no more sublime than the Suez Canal. But it anything is subline, Karnak is subi i ne. Nothing in architecture affects thc trtvcllcr more than the first sight of the obelisks and pylons of Karnak rising against the palm-groves, and coloured by the even- ing sun ; and this feeling is only deepened by seeing them close at hand in the clear daylight. IÏ is not only the immense scale of work which affects the imagination, nor the proportion, nor the variety ¡ind disposition of the buildings, nor thc beauty of form, nor the wealth of decoration-(hough all of these elements of grandeur are present ; what is overwhelming is the sense of majesty and power devoted to the service of religion. Nor need this im- pression be weakened by the self-glorifica- tion of these mighty monarchs. They ascribed all their glory to the gods ; and their belief in Pharaoh as t he mirror of deity was as sincere and genuine as Innocent III.'s belief ii' the Papacy, and has nothing in n.,i,iii"¡i willi the apotheosis of a Roman Emperor. I cannot conceive any approach to a temple more subduing and a>ve-in spiring to the worshipper than tlie mile long avenue of sphinxes which led from Luxor to Karnak.. The number of courts, the long vistas, the height, number, and crowded variety of columns and capitals, the half-light admitted into the temples only from roofs and gateways, con- trasting with the full sunlight falling on pylons and obelisks and shafts in the open courts, must all have raised admiration and reverence higher, and prepared the mind for the wonder of wonders, the Hall of Columns. Bar baric in colour, disfigured by represen- tations of brutish gods, with little of the delicacy of feeling which is present in the rudest form of Christian art, it must have been- and in its defaced and ruined condition it still perhaps is more majestic than any other building in the world, both in itself and as thc focus of such a city of temples. Phihe, that most attractive of Egyp- tian holy places, has a different senti- ment. We are no longer oppressed by the greatness of the Kings. The place has its own religion, and was a natural sanctuary and a place of pilgrimage. Here were the sources of the Nile, and here stood Crophi and Mophi, if these names were nof., as I have always suspected, invented there and then by the humorous priest at Thebes to mystify Herodotus. Crophi and Mophi are there no longer, and the Nile now rises elsewhere ; but the island still charms us. Philo: was one of the burial places of Osiris, and the birth-place 'of Horus. Thus thc island had its own local character ; it had also thc charm of a picturesque situation among the granite rocks, the flowing water, and the pleasant palm-trees which surround it. Here you may sit in the shade on the warm stone roof and listen to the droning sakiyehs, whose combined music sounds like a peal of distant bells,, and dream of a less remote past,-the days of Ptolemies and Jvoman Emperors, of pax Romana, the great organisation which reached from the central artery at the Palatine to Syene, a-i thc furthest extremity of the Empire ; good laws( good roads, the golden age of the world, as yet unclouded by the fanaticism of Pagans, Christians, and Mohammedans. The first Pharaoh commemorated at Philo; is Nectanebis, a patriot-King who withstood the Persians. The latest is Justinian, in whose reign the buildings were converted to the use of Christian worship. Last of all, after fourteen hundred years, placarded in ugly papal capitals, comes the name of Gregory XVI, who sent a band of excavators to Philis in 18+1. For though two Roman Empires have risen and fallen, Rome is ns eternal as Egypt. 