BREVITIES. Baron Ilirscli, the Austrian, gavo a dinner in London to 60 brother millionaires, at a cost of £1200. The Executive of the United States are discussing tho withdrawal of America from the agreement with Great Britain and Germany for tho joint government of Samoa. Riaz Pusha, the Egyptian Premier, has again resigned, and his resignation has been accepted ly tho Khedive. His successor is Nubar Pasha. Sir Georgo Grey, of Ne.v Zealand, who has arrived in London, has been warmly welcomed. He will interview Mr. Gladstone und Lord Rosebery on tho Irish Home Rule question. Tho Agent-General of New South Wales states that about 110 persons have abandoned the New Australia settlement in Paraguay, and others will return to Australia nt iill cost. . It is probable that the Victorian Government will offer a bonus for tlie invention of a portable prospecting plant. Tho Government of theUnited States hive refused to consider the question of reciprocal trade with Canada, unless the proposals for the introduction of the system be madethrough the Imperial authorities. . The Vossische Zeilunrj strongly urges tlia German Government to permit the Australian colonies to govern i-'aiiioa. Senator Lodge propos-s that America shall impose retaliatoryduties on British and Australian goods till Great Britain agrees to the free coinage aud use o£ silver. t^ir Thomas M'llwraith expects the mining industry in Queensland to increase tenfold shortly, and he thinks sugar-growing in the colony has an immense future. In the opinion of Sir Thomas M'llwraith, the separation movement in Queensland is dead. By an. explosion on the gunboat Cabillido; at Belm, in tho Argentine Republic, 15 men were either killed or wounded. A bill to empower the granting of leave of absence to colonial Governors has been introduced in the House of Lords. Mr. Hall, the purchaser of Coinnor Place, near Oxford, is suing the Earl of Abingdon for a refund of tlio pur chase money, on the ground that the estate does not contain tho historic ghost-lmunted prison of Amy Robsart. O11 tho ground of feeble health, Sir George Grey has declined a dinner tendered to liiui by the London Chamber of Commerce. A Miss Clara Rubb expired at Adelong after a hypodermic injection of morphia for neuralgia, having slept for four days before death. During 1893 there was a decroise in the colony of 230 full- blooded aborigines, but au increase of 13G half-castes, the net decrease being 94. At the end of last year there were 7255 aborigines iu New South Wales, as against 73 19 in 1S93. The Imperial expenditure for next year is estimated at .£102,700,000, an .increase of £10,60*0,000 011 the estimates | of 1893-4. Tlio Chancellor of the Exchequer ?expects that the increased taxation in United Kingdom will convert tho anticip.ved deficit of £4,500,000 into a ? surplus of £290,000. Tho new Imperial death duties reduce tho rates on estates below £500, but. increase them on larger estates till 8 per cent, is charged over £1,000,000. It is proposed by the Imperial Government to add Id to the incoino tax, and Gd to the duty 011 spirits and beer, the additional revenue thus gained being £2, GOO, 000. The consumption of beer in the United Kingdom last year, was the greatest recorded, but the consumption of strong wines is constantly diminish ing. The Houseof Commonshas s motioned increased wine aiul.spirit duties, which are oxpected to produce £1,300,0:10. The Imperial Government are willing to introduce legislation to prevent deceptions in the sale of meat. About 250,000 miners in the United States go out 011 strike next Saturday for an increase of 20 per cent, in wages. The French deficit is to be met by retrenchment 011 the railways, and taxes on houses, servants, und monastic properties. Germany is floating a loan of £3,000,000 at 3 per cent. As Sir John Bray has received 110 notification from the South Australian Government that he has been retired, he is astonished at Mr. Thonins 1'liiy ford's succession to the AgentGeneral ship. Tho British Consul at Asuncion reports that 110 of tho immigrants have abandoned tho 'Now Australia' settlement in Paraguay,' but that the rest are perfectly satisfied. A 92oz. nugget found at the new rush near Hannau's is 0:1 view at Coolgardie. The Governor of New Zealand had a hearty reception from the natives during his visit to Raratoiiga, which is under British protection. A Chinese doctor named Ah Tack has been committed for trial at Bourko 011 a charge of the manslaughter of Alphonse Galvis, to whom he hud given some medicine. A number of valueless £5 notes 011 the Sydney Deposit Bank, some with out date or signature, havo beenpassod 011 B ithurst storekeepers. Tho only request the natives of Raratoiiga made to the E irl of Glasgow on his recent visit was that they might learn to read English, and so extend knowledge to the adjacent islands. According to Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P., there, is 1111 annual market in Great Britain for £25,000,000 worth of dairy produce from this colony, or £1,000,000 moro than the yearly yield of wool. Judge Murray considers bonfires on New Years Eve aud other holidays harmless, and not needing the inter ference of the police. An information has been laid against Robort T. Fletcher, late council clerk of Parkes, in regard to an alleged defioienoy of £176. 