Literary Gossip. (BY "ESPIGADOR") A new novel by Mr. Walter Besant is an- nounced. The story is completed, but the author has not yet hit upon a title. To find a good one is not the least difficult task which presents itself to the novelist. Two such past masters of the art as Sir Walter Scott and Charles Dickons were always troubled more or less when it came to the christening of one of the bantlings of their brain. From tho pains which they usually took in that matter they showed how very decided was their conviction as to there being, after all, a great deal "in a name." In these days, however, when stories are issued in myriads, and there is such a general racking of brains to find taking names for them, the difficulty of hitting one which is really striking and original is constantly increasing. A now work on the Junius controrerry ID an- nounced for publication. Carlyle once declared that it did not matter a brass farthing who Junina was. Carlyle, however, when hi uttered this dictum did not make sufficient a /owar.oe for that spirit of curiosity which springn eternal in the human breast with respect to what-to borrow a phrase from Mr.~Frou.de-may be termed "unsolved historical riddles." Every time that the question of Junius has cropped up the space which has been given to it in all pub- lications from the ponderous quarterlies to the lighter weekly and daily sheets which go " flying all abroad," has been a sufficiently emphatic evidence of the interest which it has continued to préserve. When Macaulay's essay on Warren Hastings first appeared, it was thought that, in his digression on the subject of Junius, he had made ont. a clear case for Sir Phillip Francis. But since then various objections have been urged against . Macaulay's theory. They certainly shako his arguments, but though leaving the Franciscan claim exceedingly doubtful, they suggest no rival candidate in whose favor circumstantial proof so strongly tells. An idea which obtained some credence was that the letters were actually written by Lord Chatham. It is a remarkable cir cumstance in this connection that Lord Chatham's son, William Pitt, is said to have once told the his- torian Gibbon that he knew who Junius was, and that it was not Francis. Gibbon himself, by "the way, has been lately mentioned as the possible Junius. . To all those who have ever had their attention directed to the subject, and who have felt attracted by it, the forthcoming book will no doubt be welcome. If'it really could be ascer- tained who the writer was who so fluttered the political dovecots on all sides in the earlier years of George UL, the matter would soon cease to excite any more interest than attaches to the minor political commotions of the same period. But so long as the identity of Junius remains a secret so long will people try to unravel it, whether the result be worth "a brass farthing" or not. Professor Goldwin Smith has published, through Macmillan and Company, an outline political his- tory of the United State's. The professor, to many persons, is chiefly notable for the fact that he was quizzed by Disraeli in "Lothair," and that, with considerable ill temper and more; lack of humor, he himself was one of the first to identify the caricature in the novel with his' own likeness. Mr. Buskin's new work " Verona " is shortly to appear. It consists of lectures delivered be- tween 1870 and 1883, chiefly at the Eoyal and London institutions. It will be illustrated with a frontispiece in color, and about ll photogravures from drawings by the author. A limited edition de, luxe, with India proofs of plates, ÍB also in pre- paration. For several years past Professor W. M. Sloan, of Princeton College, has been preparing for pub- lication a complete and exhaustive " Life of Napo- leon Bonaparte." The work is now: almost com- pleted, and will first appear serially in the CBN , TU BT MAGAZINE, Several rare portraits of the Emperor will be included in the work. Leo Tolstoy, the famous Eussian novelist, looks and dresses exactly like a peasant. Tolstoy makes it a cardinal article of believe that every man should work, and strangely enough, considers : that literature is only pastime. Therefore, when Tolstoy is not at work on his recreation he is engaged on the soulful task of making boots, but his boots are not so good as his books, and those who buy them usually keep them under glass cases. The five hundredth anniversary of Prince . Henry bhe navigator, one of the most renowned of Portugal's maritime discoverers, is. shortly to he celebrated. The Queen of Portugal, in refe- rence to this event has contributed the following lines to "A Portuguese National Album ": "Asa mother and as a Queen, my greatest ambition would be to endow my country-the Portuguese nation-with a group of children like those of Philippa, of Lancaster, and among them there should he one who would do great deeds for Portu- gal, and for the world, like Prince Henry." It wàB Prince Henry who gave the first impetus to that spirit of marine enterprise whioh, nearly 100 years after his birth culminated in the discovery of America by Columbus. Prom his earliest years everything bearing on the subject had a strange fascination for the Portuguese Prince. He was a diligent student of all that remained of the writings of the ancient geographers, and had pondered deeply on such speculations as they had thrown out with respect to the unexplored regions of the earth. It is very likely that the subsequent achievement of Vasco di Gama wa3 one the p. edibility of ?which may have suggested itself to Prince Henry. He may have,more than suspected the existence of an ocean route to India round the southern extremity of the African continent. It was, at all events, under his auspices that the i Portuguese sailed down the "West Coast of Africa to latitudes which European mariners had never reached hefore, at least none of whom any record remained. The best remembered discoveries of Prince Henry are the Cape de Verde Islands, and that stretch of West Africa known as the Guinea coast. He was really an enlightened scholar as well as a skilful Beaman. At Sagres, a promontory in the south- west angle of Europe, where he had prosecuted those special investigations in which he delighted, he established a school of navigation, presided over hy an eminent geographer of that age, Jayme of Minorca. And one of the best speci- mens of mediaeval maps which has been preserved was specially made at Venice for the Prince. He haB been claimed, and with some reason, as half an Englishman. His .mother Philippa, was a daughter of John of Gaunt, the " time-honored Lancaster" of Shakspere, consequently Prince Henry was a great-grandson of Edward III., of England. Mr. Andrew Lang, who has been writing learnedly of Spooks, is about to follow np his studies in that direction. Messrs. Longman are to publish for him a series of papers on "The Cock Lane Ghost and Common Sense." The con- tents of the volume may be judged by the head- ings of the chapters-" Savage Spiritualism," I ' ("Comparative Psychical Research," "Haunted Houses," "The Cock Lane Ghost," "Hallucina- tions," "Wraiths and Ghosts," "Crystal Gazing," , " SecondSight," " Ghosts in Courts of Justice," "A Modern , Trial for Witchcraft," "Pres- byterian Ghost Hunters," "The ' Logic of Table Turning," "The Ghost Theory of the j Origin of Religion." References to the story of ; the " Cock Lane Ghost," which, as will have been seen, Mr. Lang is to include in his dissertation on the supernatural, must be familiar to every- body who has read Boswell's " Life bf Dr. John- son." Tho facts, briefly stated, were these: A woman who had once occupied an apartment in a house kept by a man named Parsons had as her bedfellow a little girl, a daughter of her landlord. She comp'ained of hearing strange noises. How ever, the woman left the house, and some time after died. Then it was declared that the girl was haunted hy the spirit, of this woman, the presence of which was made known hy similar noises to those hy which the woman herself had been disturbed while living. There was a good deal in the alleged methods of the ghostly visitant which would remind modern folk of the phenomena of spiritism- scratchings on boards, knocks, &c.; But it was also intimated that she had come back to make known the startling fact that she had met with foul play that she had been poisoned by a man for whom she had felt a too devoted attachment.. Now, it became known that the man so strangely de- nounced had incurred the bitter enmity of the father of the little girl with whom the dead woman was said to communicate. The genuineness of this "news from the invisible world" was attested in. due form in a statement signed by a clergyman and a "substantiel tradesman." A formal investigation, in which another and presumably wiser clergyman, acting with the sanction of the Lord Mayor, was concerned, took place with the result that the "Cook Lane Ghost" was pronounced a fraud. One of the most curious circumstances of this final investi- gation was that a descent was made into the vault where the woman's coffin lay, the coffin opened, and the body viewed. The alleged poisoner took an action against his traducers. He got a good round sum of money in the shape of damages from the clergyman and the "substan- tial tradesman.". There was no money to be had ,from the father of the medium, but he had to expiate his offence by standing in the pillory. The satirist Churohill seeniB to have been one of the first who gave ourrency to the statement that Dr. Johnson was among the dupes of this remarkable piece of trickery. In his burlesque poem of " The Ghost," he caricatured Johnson under the name of " Pomposo." Johnson's biographer positively declares* that the doctor's interest in the matter .was confined to the Batís faction ho felt in having assisted to expose a cheat, and that there was no' foolish credulity on his part. Headers of Macaulay will remember that the famous essayist seemed to think that Johnson was really imposed on by the story cf the ghost. But then Macaulay's fondness for introducing strong contrasts in his descriptions of character would naturally leacl him to emphasise any trait in Johnson which would be the very an tithesis of that strong, common sense which he moBt certainly possessed. Mr. Leoky, the historian, has been elected to fill the place on the oommittee of the London Library, left vacant by the death of Mr. Watkin Lloyd. Tho complete lectures of the late Mr. Lowell on " Imagination," hitherto only partially published in a newspaper report, was to be printed in tho March number of the CENTURY. Messrs. MacMillan and Company are about to publish a " Handbook of Gold Milling," by Mr. Henry Louis, whose object is to provide technical instruction for millmen, and also practical gui- dance for miners-and managing directors of gold mines. The science of gold milling hos only lately obtained full recognition, and this is the first attempt to state it in a clear and concise form. 