THE MYSTERY OF CLE`MENT DUNIRAVEN BY. JEAN MIDDLEMAS, AI th- of "A Girl in a Thousand." " Touch and Go,'" "Seivel by a Riss," " By Fair Means," et.. "WHAT DO YOU )XEAN DY A OIIOUT OR A IAOKsLIDER P°" CHAPTER XI.-(CoNTINUED.) " The weather cook is veering," Jim Glendinning thought, when Lisbeth, with out awaiting for any further assertions as to his having seen Sir Miles since his return, went silently to a cupboard in the kitchen and set some viands on the table. She did not invite the new-comer to penetrate into the sanctum she had prepared " with so much care for the advent of Clement Dnnraven, yet she did not consider that it would be expedient altogether to refuse him thohospitality of her house. Jim Glendinning seated himself at the well-scrubbed table where he had sat often as a boy, and eyed the viands. Convict though he had been, he was an epicure, and the aspect of the well-cooked supper pleased his dainty appetite. Could it be possible that in preparing it Lisbeth might have had a notion that perhaps Clement Dunraven would not have dined? Anyway, she had little guessed who would share with her the food she had cooked with more than usual care. Jim Glendinning helped himself with no frugal hand. " Who finds the money, 'girl ." he asked, with coarse assurance. "Food had not used to be so plenty at our cottage in the old days." Crimson to the very roots of her hair, Lie beth answered, "Thereis no money, father. What little I have is honestly earned. I have been working- for Lady Marcia Fol jambe; she came over from Brentwells yesterda7 and brought me 9: basket of pro "Bless me, the girl seems to be acquainted with all the county. You are a "clever woman, Lisbeth ; you take after your old dad, as I said before." Lisbeth did not reply, beyond murmuring that she had much to be grateful for. She was wondering what effect this unexpected bome-coming would have upon her future. Would she be able to keep the existence of little Lisa a secret from Jim Glendinning's prying eyes, and, great heavens, if he should fend out that Clement Dunraven was her legitimate husband what dire catastrophe might not be brought about ? Thus pondering, she was, nevertheless, by no means forgetful of her father's appetite, and rather regretted that she had no liquor to offer him, as it might have loosened his tongue and given her more information on several matters about which she would gladly learn. Without the aid of liquor, however, she was to be told something which gave her a shock almost as thrilling as when Jim Glen. dinning told her he had seen a man in evening dress in the wood. It was when he had finished his ample repast and was putting down his knife and fork that he said, "You'll have to give me a shakedown for to-night, Lisbeth, and I'll go back to the City road in the morning. You're right, the Coleshill gossips and I shall net hit it off." "To the City road," she asked,; "are you living in the City road?" And the question seemed to quiver on her ashen lips. "Of course. Surely you know my dead sister, Mrs Ellis? No, I suppose you never did. You've been at Coleshill all your life, but you've heard of her. Well, I arrived from abroad expecting to be received with some fuse, for Sally and I were always good friends, when I discovered she had been dead only a short time, and, of course, I walked in as heir--there was no one to try and oust me. They said there had been some female cousin, anrein' or stayin' or something, but she was gone. I can't think who she could be, we ain't got no cousins, have we, Lisbeth?" "Perhaps it was a relation of her husband's,' said Lisbeth, making such an effort at composure that she nearly fainted from the strain. " Right you are, girl, that's what she must be; in fact, I think some of the old hags said so, Well, she took herself off, and if she comes again she'll find the rightful possessor reigning in her stead." " And you are going to stay there, father P" "Don't see as I can do anything better. Bit of luook wasn'tit? 'Taint every feller who conmes bask from a foreign prison as finds a nest and a tidyish income waiting for him on his arrival. - It would be a home for you, too, Lisbeth, if you wanted one." "Oh, not for me, thanks, father." she said -so positively that with the next breath she thought it expedient to explain. " 1 could not live in London. I should hate it; besides, I am so fond of this dear old cottage." "But how you are going to live here I can't think; the old man did not leave much coin. I guess." "No, he left nothing but the house and the wilderness; still, I think I shall do. Iam rigging the rooms up a bit and I am promised two old people to look after, and uerhaps I shall get a child or two to enliven the house." "Humph. You'd best marry, you ain't an ill-lookinE wench. Looking after first and second childhood isn't a cheery way of getting your living." " Well, it will have to for the present, and and itf marriage should come to me later I can giveit up," she said with a laugh which by no means came from her heart, sore and heavily-weighted by the secret that she felt would cost her far more to guard than she had everanticipated, when she promised Clement Danraven that she would be silent. "Some of these rich swells, lass. Who Sknows--perhpes Sir Miles fancies you ? Depend on it, he doesn't come here for Rothlng." Lisbeth shivered. Shehated herself for the lie she had told, but managed to amewer compesedly: "Ishall never marry Sir Miles, Folks say he Is sweet on Aliss Delane." "What, Delane the millonaire's heiress? He knows which side his broad is buttered. But don't you flout him girl, don't you flout him; heiresses are not always easy to win, and this one may have other adorers." Strange that during all their conversation, Pierce Vaughan's name had neyer once been mentioned, and yet he was its keynote. Had it not been for him, Jim Glendinning would scaroely have oome to Coleshill, where, he was fully aware, he would be received with aver sion and out by roost of the inhabitants. An hour later the hardened old sinner was sleeping heavily in the room he had occupied as a boy, but without the recollections of his childhood causing him any emotion. He dosed off chuckling to himself over the mine he had it in his power to spring on Lie. both, for since Pierce Vaughan had told him that he had seen Lisbeth enter the house in the City road, this astute old fox had no doubt but that she and the husband's cousin were one and the same person, though what Llsbeth's motive was for merging her iden. tity into that of an unknown Ellis he had not yet discovered, but he intended to make further inquiries on his return to the metro. polls. The morning was dull and grey as in the early dawn he took leave of his daughter; best not to let any of the neighbors see him if he could help it, he said, and truly relieved rwas Lisbeth, when having given him a cup of hot coffee, she saw him depart. Would she have felt as thankful had she known how thoroughly he disbelieved in the existence of Aunt Ellis's husband's cousln. CHAPTER XII.-A RAsu Acr. Why did not Pierce Vaughan propose to Elvira Delane and recoup himself by her ample fortune for the disappoitment his uncle's will had occasioned him? Had be done so, much that was troublesome and diffi. cult would have been overcome. But it was not in Pierce Vaughan's nature to let byegones be byegonee and seek philo sophically to make the best of life. He must for ever be fretting and searching and intriguing. Were it not for such as he the world would roll on easier wheels, but then perchance misdeeds and cruel wrongs would frequently pass unpunished. He had a grudge against Clement Dun raven for robbing him, as he considered, of his birthright. Cheating him out of Aboyne Court, as he shrewdly suspected, by no fair means. He was resolved to leave no stone unturned until he had in some way revenged himself on Sir Clement. All this was far nearer his heart than either Elvira D)elane or her gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira was, she scarcely of late unsurped the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Pierce Vaughan was could be credited with feelings. Elvira herself thought that -Lady Marcia Foljambe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken. Lady Marcia was merely a useful friend, a stepping- stone by which Pierce hoped to carry out some of the schemes he had in view. The individual for whom he had elected to conceive a passion, probably because she avoided and flouted him-was Lisbeth Glen. dinning. No more complicating or disastrous at tachment could, under the circumstances, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vaughan came down to Brentwells to stay at Lady Marcia's, and pretend to the world that he was the devoted cavalier of the gushing widow, it was because he knew that Lisbeth had returned to the Coleehill Cottage, and that he could occasionally walk over and, as he hoped, improve the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen dinning's departure that lie started across the fields to pay his first visit. How he would be received bhe did not know, and-new sensa tion to this blase cynic, he dreaded the recep. tion he might meet with from Lisbeth, pre. easuming it should be a cold one, until he felt as shy and uncomfortable as a boy of eighteen bound on a love affair for the first time. To reach the cottage from Brentwelis it was necessary to go through Coleehill, and there he sow a good many of the idle in habitants standing about in groups, talking; among them was the garrulqous old woman he had previously met in the cottage garden. She recognised him at once and made a curtsey, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vaughan was one of those men who gave ' nothing for nothing and very little for a halfpenny." He might perchance get a halfpenny worth out of this old bag, lie thought, so he called her to come and speak to him, asking her what event of insportance had dccurred in which half at least of the Coleahill population was so interested. " it's either a ghost or a backslider, your honor, and no one can just make up their minds which it is." " What the deuce do you mean by a ghost or a backslider, old mother .?' S"Why, Jim Glendinning, Lisbeth's father, as was convicted for a bad burglary and got twenty years. In the flesh or out of the flesh he has walked through the town this morn ing, and Sam Styles, he do say as he seen him yesternight." "Pooh-nonsense. Sam Styles must have besn drinking, and he had sot you all off believing in the absurdities he has seen in his cups. Jim Glendinning has booen dead this many a day. Old Josh td1d Sir Louis all about it years ago" " Mercy alive, then it waur his ghost. I said as it waur. Lord, I feel my back is a openin' and shuttin'. I see it myself.". Pierce Vaughan laughed. "You have seen some stranger whd has a resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what you all imagine Jim would be like If he were alive. And you get up as much sensation as' if the world were coming to an end. I thought the Coleshill people had more sense, Upon my wozd, I am ashamed of you all." "Ah, yotgreat gents haven't no belief," said the old wife with a sigh. It did not please her to be cheated out of her link with the_supernatural. The only compensation for which would be the horror they would all feel at having suoh a vaga bond as Jim Glendinning once more in their midst. "I believe in something," replied Pierce Vaughan, still langhing, but looking very cynical. " "I bellsve that a bitof coin williay most ghosts " " He put his hind into his pocket, and at first intended to give herhalf a sovereign ;the next instant he came to the conclusion that five shillings would be enough. So he banded her five shillings, and told her to refresh her self and her neighbors and lay the ghost, for no good would come to Coleshill as long as such-like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. She made him a deeper curtsey than before, and assured him his spirit would never walk; he would rest peacefully in his grave if only for that day's kindness. With five shillings Pierce Vaughan had bought the good report of the Coleahill gossips, and if.l.e had not laid Jim Glendinning's ghost, he badlaid the talk his own occasional visits to the cottage might have occasioned. On leaving the old woman after giving her this magnificent present, he said in a casual tone "I;:sagong us toAboyne oourt, but I will go round by the cottage and see if Miss Glendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this nonsense." Pierce Vaughan was never really happy unless he could pave the way for his next step forward. "So." he muttered to himself, as he strode on leaving the High street behind him," that blackguard has found his way down here has he. I shall have to be careful, very careful, or he will spoil smy game with Liabeth; yet, he is a useful man, a very useful man. Un scrupulous people who will do your work for a consideration and who can hold their tongues are not to be fallen in with every day, and this man can hold his tongue. I have discovered that by his reticence in personal affairs. Pity that Lisbeth has got such a father, it will spoil her chance of marrying. She is beautiful as Juno, a paragon of a woman, and there is no saying were it not for him--but that I-. If she only had Miss Delane's money! You must not lose your head, Pierce, you must not lose your head. There are many considerations to be studied." And so murmuring to himself he sauntered in at the front door. He was just about to do so a second time when Lisbeth opened it, no very delightful expression coming into her hand some face when she saw who her visitor was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill was she to be free from this man's assidnities I She would have bidden him go about his business and have slammed the door in his face, only expedienoy-the gaunt giant that sways so many of our actions--forbade it. Lisbeth found herself forced to be civil and look pleasant. Three minutes later Pierce Vaughan was oven sitting in the chair Clement Dunraven had occupied on the previous evening and was gazing round the pretty parlor with a very approving glance. He thought that this beautiful girl was even less "of the people" than he had im agined her, if she could arrange her room with so much artistic taste. His eyes wandered from these surroundings to her face, and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly caused the hot blood of indignation to redden Leabeth's cheeks, thus rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than be fore, enhanced as her beauty was by the flashing of her dark eyes and the proud toss of her wellpoised head. " Teach not thy lips such scorn, for they were made for kissing, lady- not for such contempt," said Pierce, quoting Shakspearo, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, since in book.lore she was wholly unversed. In fact, it would have been very difficult to have collected six books in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and.could read easily and write grammati cally, she had always found too much work to do in her home to have time to sit and read. Notsaving anyintimateacquaintance, then, with the great bard's immortal plays, Pierce Vaughan's quotations "riled" her to mad ness. How dare he talk about kissing her lips, and in a fury she forgot erpediency and bade him begone if he had come there to insult her. Her anger, however, had quite a contrary effect to what she intended, for it served only to make him ten times more appreciative of her charms. He gloried that he had aroused the lion in her nature; still, he was shrewd enough to know that if she were to be won, she must be gently wooed. He did not, however, recognise what a difflunlt task he had undertaken. Not that he would have shrunk from it on that ac count. To find out what had passed between Lisbeth and his cousin, Clement Dunraven, was ever present in his mind, and that he would do so with loss difficulty, on account of his own newly-.born infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt certain. "Quiet down, soft dove, and do not let your burnished plumage be ruffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how you like being back at Coleshill, and why you es caped out of London so quickly." So saying he took her by the hand and tried to induce her to take the seat beside him. He little knew Lisbeth or he would have been aware that each word he uttered, each sign he made, was rendering him more and more distasteful to her. She hated Pierce Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing . at her first acquaintance with him and intensified by the dread she felt of him when she became aware that he was Clement Dunraven's foe. If he were going to add insult to injury by making love to her, there was no saying to what lengths her fury, if not carefully guarded, might not lead her. The complications wnich had surrounded Lisboth of late were making her very desperate, and it is dangerous for a man to play with a desperate woman even though that man be as clever as Pierae Vaughan believed himself to be. Shoe started beck from his touch, tossing his hand from her, as though a viper had stung her. Swill not sit down," she said, "nor tell you aught of my affairs. You are a gentle man; I am hunmbly-born, seeking to gain my livelihood by honest means. - Compromising myself with a gentleman like you will not help me." - "I don't know that," he said, "you are angry and do not see things clearly, or you would recognise that it is good to have a friend, even though that friend is an objec. tionable gentleman like myself." "I don't want any gentleman; it is better to starve and be honest." " Yet I am not the only gentleman whosoe aoquaintance you have made. Ah, Liabeth, why should I Le treated with a 0crn you have not bestowed on-" "On whom? What do you meanP You are taking strange liberties with my lowly position, but you had best be careful, itr Vaughan, I am not so unproteoted as you think for. "Of course not. I forgot, your father has returned, and--.''" Whether it was with Sir Miles Berkeley or Sir Clement Dunraven that he was going to link her, she did not stop to learn, for she in. terrupted him with "How do you know my father has re turnedP" "I am not deaf. The whole of Colcshill is teeming with the news." She was white as ashes now, and helt firmly to a ohairfor support. It was gall and wormwood to Lisboth's proud nature to know that Jim Olendinning was her father, and that townsfolk should know he had re turned. "Well, you see, you may want a friend. Rteomember, too, that I am in the lawy and that my knowledge and services are always yours to command. Come, Lisbeth, forgive if I have angered you. I am a sad bungler at winning a lady'sfavor, and if you do not like the honted spooohes most women love, you shall have no more of them." She did niot heed the latter part of his son tence, but murmured: " What have I to do with the law? Why should I want a lawyer to help me ?" It seemed as if Pierce Vaughan's offer was an evil omen, for if the law ever meddled with Lisbeth's affairs, that would probably be re vealed which it was the aim of her life to keep hidden. Nor could he have given her any reason why he offered law services, so he answered lightly : " We none of us know what we may want. I would merely impress on you that you have a friend in case of need, and ask you to forget that my rash words have displeased you. Come, shako hands, will you notP" Somewhat reluctantly she responded to his invitation and gave him her hand, feeling a very Judas the while; for to have known that he had gone away for ever to a distant land, or that he had ceased to exist would have made Lisbeth truly thankful. This man her friend-never-she regarded him as her bitterest foe. His interest was most to be dreaded in all the world, for was it not to his interest to unravel the dark secret of her life, and use it for his advantage and her destruc. tion. Having gained his point and forced her into giving him her hand, Pierce Vaughan was loth to part with it. It was a shapely hand, and he held it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore no rings; since she dared not wear the ring with which Clement Dunraven had wedded her, she would have none, though in her drawer tipstairs, locke4 away withothervaluables, were two or three that would have made the eyes of every con noisseur in gems glisten. " If I bring you a ring will you wear it in remembrance of the compact of friendship we have formed to-day?"' asked Pierce, half afraid, ncvertheless, of the answer his temerity might call forth. And in truth he had once more roused her ire. "Ncever !" she cried. "Rings are not for the like of me, and you are a bad man and a false friend to try and compromise me." "Rigid virtue 1 Pattern of humanity! Oh, Lisbeth Glendinning,how shall I ever win you into believing in me P" he asked. " Let me be ; go your own way and I'll go mine. If ever 1 want you I'll let you know, that's best," she replied, forcing herself into the concession of seeming to be friends with him. "And may I not come and see you some times ?" "' What for F It's no good either to you or me that ycun should be coming here. I am going to turn this cottage into a home for babies and old people, and to have gentle. men about will be sadly in the way." " Doyou mean to say that I am the only man who comes here to see you 2" " That, I guess, is my business, and not yours, if I answer roughly ; but wishing to be polite, I say I'll have no men dangling about at all. The doctor and maybe the parson will Ie our only visitors." " And what about Sir Miles Berkeley?" "He is my grandfather's old master, and was left executor to his will. But he never hardly comes here. I don't know though why I should make these explanations to you. It isn't your affair, isit ?" "No, not altogether, but my deep interest in you makes me anxious as to your welfare. I hope Clement Dunraven has not wholly given you up since he married." There was a sickening feeling at Lisbeth's heatt,'and for a moment she felt as if she were going to faint. She managed, however, with a violent effort, to remain calm, bhut it was a crucial ordeal through which Pierce Vaughan was putting her. "I never see Sir Clement," she said, in a dead-level voice, " but Lady Gertrude has been here once about an old woman for whom she wants a home. I wrote to Sir Clement stating what I intended to do, and his wife answered the letter in person. Are you satisfied?" He was not, he was perplexed, but he did not tell her so. Could it be possible that after all there had never been anything between Clement Dunraven and this woman, that she was the rigid puritan enh pretended. Inpossibls the letter he found In the wood must have been from her; besides, various other incidents that he had noted pointed b, their intimacy ; no, she was seeking to blind him, he mustbo doubly observant. Once she was in his power it would be his to decide whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing his grudge against Clement, or whether he would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from his wife and possess himself of his rights. So great had become his infatuation for this woman who loathed him that he was al ready wondering whether he would not give up fortune for sweet oake. It were vain to press his suit further that day he, however, determined, and therefore rose to take his leave, telling her that not withstanding .her desire to have "no danglers" he should look in when he wasin the neighborhood and see how the home for first and second childhood was progressing. Thankful to be rid of him she accompanied him to the front door which she threw open to let him pass out. To her utter dismay and his no small de. light, coming up the garden walk was Cle ment Dunraven. In the eyes of both men as they looked at each other was expressednatural hatred which they both so strongly felt, but usually strove to conceal. Clement Dunraven had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glendinning at Coleshill, hence the reason of this rash act. He was anxious to discover if it were true, and if it would make any diflerence to hisbhe loved Liabeth. " Qui s'OexUbe s'accuse," as says the French proverb. He began an explanation about Lady Gertrude and a message which Pierce Vaughan in no wise believed, but ehrugeing his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fathom the mystery that en shrouded Lisbeth and his cousin. (To BE coNrTuUED.) 