^p, ? ? ?? Chbtsanthemums From Bboken Hill— There have been on view at this office for ieveral days some very fine chrysanthemume grown at Broken Hill, by Mr. J. Christopher, F4rmtrly of Gawler. At the recent 'chrysan themum show at the silver city Mr. 'Christopher annexed 15 first prizes and 5 seconds. Public Holidays.— We have been re. iqaested to draw the attention of the public to the alteration in the method of keeping oar nouasys. in future a holiday coming on .any day bnt Monday will be kept on the following Monday. ThoB the 28th May will be observed as a holiday for the Queen's bithday, and 25th June will be kept holiday for the Queen's accession, and bo on through out the year. : . COMTBESSKD FODDEB FOB ExPOBT. — The Government are making enquires into the desirableness of establishing a factory for the oompresring of fodder for the purpose of exportation. Messrs W. Gilbert, R. Butler, J. MeLaohlan. and L, O'Loughlin, M.P.'a left for Melbourne on Tuesday at the request of the Government to gather in formation on tne question. ' Tire Centbal District Election. ? The voting in connection with the Central District election for the Legislative Council took place on Saturday last, and resulted aB follows :— Adams (labour candidate) 3.542, FolUr 2,720. Birks (labour cmdidate) 2 620, -Whelan 2,616, » Thompson 1,764, and Hopkins 92. The figures were posted at the &u;,nyip office as {the^crutlny proceeded and ? Urge number: waited till the final came through shortly after 11 o'clock. Ths Obchbstral SocreTr's Concert — The first concert in connection with the Gawler Amateur Orchestral Society will be given in St. George's Schoolroom on Tues day evening next, under the patronage of St. George's Clnb. Under the able instruc tion of Mr. Carl Anderson the Orchestral Society have, we understand, made rapid strides, and judging from the 'programme which has been issued a capital entertain ment should resnlt. In addition to the numbers for the orchestra, there will be violin solos, cornet solo and duet, and several songs. Aboriginals in Trouble. — Tommy Walker, his wife, and a mate, visited -Qawjktr on Saturday, and improved the /occasion; by getting drunk. Tommy and his ?? labnralso Indulged in sulphurous language, and as a consequence the trio had to be accommodated in the Gawler police cells on Saturday night and Sunday.. On Monday morning there was a mournful interview with Mr. W. H. Cox, J.P., the result being that Tommy and his wife had to go to gaol for seven days, and the third sinner for three days. Unclaimed Lettebs.— The following un Olsimed letters were lying at the Gawler Post- Officeon May 17 :— Geo Bennermann, F JSranford, U 8 Buckley, Jas Brown. R Barson, Cbas Day. Thos Goldsmith. W J Fosaer, Mrs John Hodge, B Jassen (2), Mr Jervls, Mrs Kearns, care of L Reams, L Kearns, Miss E Keats. C L Leske, M 8 Mndge, G Nitschke, John McEwen, sen, John McEwea, jun, Mrs A E Morris, J Pratt, P Roach, C Oliver, G Ross. Rev A Smith, M Saddler, J B Stevenson, Cbas Seblink, WSThomss. W Thomson, billiard marker, Mrs .Eliza Williams. Sam Warren. Entertainment on Race Night.— An entertainment of an interesting and varied 0*haracter will be given in the Institute -Hill on race night, Monday, May 28th. The principal performer will be Mr. Morley, who, besides having fulfilled professional engagements with Mr. Walter Bentley and otberiy is an elocutionist of no mean repute, . Visitors to the Cyclorama of the Battfe of Waterloo, in Adelaide, will re -snember the illusion 'Napoleon's Ghost,' v which -was enacted by Mr. Morley for no less than 132 nights, and which proved a very considerable draw. Monday's pro gramme will include a series of tableaux, mostly of an historical character, and a nnmber of recitals in costume. These in , themselves should prove sufficiently attrac ' tlve, bit in addition Mr. A. Wyatt Mortimer, A.C O., will contribute pianoforte selections, and the entertainment will con ' etude with the performance for the first time in public of a comedietta written by Mr. H. Congreve Evans entitled 'After Six Fears.' Miss Mary Banoroft will appear in the oomsdistU. «~ Mxlboitbns and Gawxbr.— We are re qttwted to draw the attention of our readers fcrthe wonderful bargains in winter dranenr that are now being sold at Essex House Cash Store, Murray-street. Gawler. The finaneial depression in Melbourne is very severe, and A. Sh'eard has bought for cish a Melbourne stock of good quality drapery at ibbat baft-quarter the value. Ladies and ?hildren's felt hats, 61 and Is. each ; plush *Bd velveteen caps, 61. each ; infants' Granny Bonnets and Cappets, very pretty at *1.. Is., Is. 6d., Is. lid. each ; ladies' trimmed hats Is. lid ; ulsters, 2s. lid ; winter jackets, 2a. lid ; fur boas, Is ; winter dress goods, 4$d. yard. A lot of T«ry pretty goods suitable for fancy work, aad an «idless variety of all classes of ttatooable^drapery.— Bx. WiLLASTON Wkslbyan Choeoh.— The anniversary services of the above church were held on Sunday and Monday last. -The Rev. Vivian Roberts preached on Sunday afternoon and evening to good congregations. On Monday evening a social was held, and there was a crowded attendance. Gawleb Rivbr AgbicultobalBubeap, — In consequence of the lecture of Mr. W. C. Grasby at Buchsfelde on Friday evening last, the usual business of the Gawler River Agricultural Bureau .was deferred till next meeting. Mr. Parker tabled some of bis No. 1 cabbage lettuce'and radish seed for distribution amongst members. The rain fall registered for April was {1.890 inches. A report of Mr. Grashy's lecture is (un avoidably held over. . The Proposed Ladies Ambulance Class — A meeting of ladies interested in the for mation of a class to receive the ' first aid ' course of lectures in connection with Gawler branch of St. John Ambulance Association, was held on Tuesday afternoon. Seventeen names were, handed in, but as thirty are desired it was resolved to adjourn the meet ing with a viewof obtainingasnfficientnumber prior to the election of officers. The ad journed meeting will be held at the Institute on Wednesday afternoon next at 4 o'clock. The Australasian Tbiennial Wesleyan Conference.— The triennial conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Church has been in seasion in Ade'.side during the f»st week. The Rev. W. Morley, of New Zealand, was elected President, and the Rev, H. T. BurgeBS, of South Australia, Secretary. The principal discussion so far haa been on the question of Methodist Union, and the vote on the matter ia likely to be taken to-day. Several inter colonial exchanges of ministers have been agreed upon, those who will leave South Australia being the Revs. James HaBlam, J. Nicholson, R. M. Hunter, J. R. Brad* bury, and Hopkins. The Rev. J. A. Nolan, of New South Wales, preached at the Gawler WeBleyan Church on Sunday last, and the Rev. R. Dyson of the same colony will occupy the pulpit on Sunday next. Merby Moments. — Messrs Warner and Tell's Merry Moments Company intend visit ing Gawler on Monday night next, May 21st. They have just finished a very suc cessful tour in the south-east, and intend playing the northern circuit. The company is very well balanced as far as the individual performers are concerned, the sentimental and comic portion of the entertainment being in the hands of such well known metro politan performers as Beatnount Read, the great alto singer ; W. B. Warner, the Aus tralian comique, who has made such a name for himself in Chevalier's latest songs ; Mr. Frank Tell, thegreat Dutch Comedian, who has gained fame in the west and north, possess ing a fine voice, and using it to such advan tage in his Tyrolean singing ; Miss Chester and Miss Lewis, the former a soubretts artist well known in the other colonies, and the latter being with the Triumvirate for several years is sufficient guarantee. The Musical Director, Mr. Keenan, has a style peculiarly his own, and is well-styled The Quaint Vocalist. The prices of admis sion are moderate, and on this occasion should receive the patronage a really good company deserves. Memorial Service. — Last Sunday even ing in the Gawler Primitive Methodist Church, the Rev. W. R. Stephenson con ducted a memorial service in connection with the death of the late Mrs. Matthews, wife of Mr. E. S. Matthews, of Willaston. The subject of Mr. Stephenson's address was ' Immortality,' and he said from the earliest ages men had had some idea, however faint, of an immortal state ; he then proceeded to Bhow that there was that indefinable some thing in every person which could not find satisfaction here, but he believed that perfect satisfaction would be realized hereafter. He said Mrs, Matthews had many excellencies, although she never paraded her religion. From her earliest years she had been a devout follower of Christ, and when she left England, about twelve years ago,, she brought her credential of membership to this nninnn anil had hnnn a mnnnfinr nf t.ho Primitive Methodist Church until the end came, and he had no doubt that she was now a member of the church triumphant. She was naturally reserved in disposition, but thoroughly devoted to her home, her family, and her God. To her husband's parents she was as a true daughter, and the more she was known the better she was respected. The address, which was attentively listened to by a large congregation, closed with an earnest appeal to all present to emulate her virtues. The choir sang ' For ever with the Lord,' and other suitable hymns. Certainly the best medicine known, is Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza — the relief is instantaneous. In serious oases, and accidests of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruifleB, sprains, it is the safest remedy — no swelling no inflammation. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchits, inflammation of the lungs, swelling, etc.; diarrhoea, dysentry, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medical clinies all over the globe); patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy ; crowaed with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this ap proved article, and reject all others 