ORA.NGE PEELINGS; [Gathered by our Correspondent.] Orange, Tuesday. lue tocsin ot war was sounaea by Mr. Otto W. B. Jaeger, Freetrade candidate, on Saturday night from the balcony of the federal Hotel. Mr. J. Longton, J.P., presided. He was to to have taken the chair, only there wasn't one on the balcony. Mr. Jaeger is a young man, and expresses his views on manv subiects. eroiner all the way from socialism in Germany to the shooting of a constnblo by two policemen, or two constables by one policeman, I forget how he put it, in Broken Hill. Mr. Jae ger is convinced that a Freetrado policy is the best, and that the Bridge- street burglars shold not bo hanged. He didn't go so far as to say that they should be pensioned, but what is the good of halting half-way 7 The meeting could not, with nny de gree of truthfulness, be called an orderly one. The candidate got on pretty well until he attempted to reply to interjec tions, which latter coming as fast as shots from a Maxim gun, tho patriot on the balcony became hopelessly mixed. One supporter on the balcony delicately referred to the audience as a lot of pigs, which graceful compliment was scarcely calculated to placate the free and independent, one would think. I do not think Mr. Jaogar has the ghost of a possible chance myself ; but you never can tell, and as ho is a Lucknow native he is pretty sure to got a good few votes there. There are rumors of several other cau didates, and it is well known that maDy residonts have groat difficulty in refrain ing from throwing themselves into the trench to save this bleeding country from the many disasters that will threaten if somebody else gets the £6 a week. The only mistake Premier Dibbs mado with the Electoral Act was in abolishing tho £40 deposit. Any man with a cbauce could get £d0, and if he had no chance what business had he to put the country to a lot of useless expense ? But now any Jack, Tom, Bill and Harry will be standing for Parliament, which is ns easy to get as any other billet. We haven't had the rush here yot, but it will come. You couldn't beat them off with an axe. The thing cuts both ways, too, and how the polling is going to repre sent a majority of electors heaven only knows. 