Local and General ITows. CiiownKD Oct.— Owing to a pressnro of adver tising matter, as we were about to go to press, tiie reports of Kbv. S. 1'. Stewart's Lecture, the ]-. aud F. IS. Society's meetings, and H. R. Co-operative Dairy Co'a. meeting Have been held over till next week. KLKCliDUt, Kiriiis — Out of 491! electors' rights in tbe 1'ort Maci]iiiirie Division, 44S were delivered iir tl.n 4H rit'lita that rcm.iiuded. 10 were identical witli persons on tlie rolls iu other divisions of the electorate, and these liiive received their rights. The 35 rights still icniaiiiiug comprised : —3 dead, 2 refused to accept, 1 an imbicile, 3 not of age, 1 not naturalized. 25 left the district, not served and other causes. In the Wauvhope Division there were 454 names ou the roll, 'and out of that num ber 357 rights were delivered. Tlie balance of the rights, 45 from Port and 97 fiom Wauchope, were returned to tlie Klectoral Registrar at Ivcinpsey. The butts of the l'ort and Waueliope divisions have hcon returned to the Chief Klcctjial Otliccr, Sydney. Voluntary Shqdekthation.— James M'lnneB, of Lam ietou, Canulea Jlaveu, fireman. Mr. I'alinor, Assignee. Not the Same. — 4 correspondent, who knew Captaiu Waucli, 'f King Creek, near Waueliope, states that thin gentleman wns the founder of tliat town which still hours Hk same name given to it by thn Onptaiu who died many yuars ago. The gentlemen, recently deceased at Cljbuoea, was an nthcr (lei-sonagr, and once a schoolmaster iu J'ort Macquarie ; but he spoiled his name diflercut from that of the Captain — the former spelled , it ' Wangh' and the latter ' Waiich.' It appears that G'iptain Waiieh ennic to the district in tlie olden time, and mbr possessed of considerable money and iutiueuee ; but when the district merged into a free settlment, and labour became scare and haJ to l-e paid for. the Waucli family removed from Wnuclmpp to New Knglaiii]. A letter from Mr. O. O. Onugar upon this matter appears in another column. l'oi.ic'B Coi:i!T.— On Monday last, I'ntriek Keoii)ili, on bail, mis brought before thu I'olice Magiiiti-atc, 'and charged witli Rtealiug a ' new rubber buguy apron,' the property of Mr. J. Law lor, Kempsey. Constable ToHiisenil deposed that he found the apron produced inKeougVs bedroom ; ninl Hint in same day be met accused at Hlaek man's Point where he put him under arrest., stat ing nt the same time the charge. Accused replied that lie 'took the npiijn. but. intended to take it hade.' Accsiscd nnk--d the Jiench for a remand to the Police Court at Krnipwy for Uic prodnctinu «f iifcesharj' evidence. 'J'be JWnch granted the re mand u.-kfil for, aud admitted accused to bail. The trial of this case was ordered to be heard at Xcmp soyoii Wednesday ln«t, 3Uth inst. and w« learn that the clutrge u.is then ami there dismissed. Rkm.vm.i:i..— The cMapci- !«iys, Hollisanri Alliiu. from I'ort Ma--i|iinrif (-«..l, 'ere brought before tin ( lom-t of guartcr Sessions, at Syduey, on Tuesday last, and reuiandcd lor seiiteuuc. *fe^UuV1pr-iaBS,i'*«^;:-:i-2AV^::!ffi-^g :i,Si5As6«.r-:Ainau^upngtueprMen_t;weekwtl. been travelling on Shelley JJeaohr/yJth^ioiio^fflilB; alioes hrolteu 1 li the «bl6,ai)'a thrpiigli tti^ rint &o;«t half fiMae glassful of ;}-lack jjjaud imtered inn -re-'; inained, The slioe \\\as afterwards sent to Messrs. JEcoott Bdwords i: Co. for repairs and the sand ^a« tlien wueheii and examined, wlieu hundreds of gold epecks became visible to tlio Jinked eye in the small quantity of sand. When concentrated the naif irineRlaBsful of Mack sand yielded about two grains weight of gold. :. ..-.:-. . Tmsr Sat.— That Sir. ^Jeorge DibV election sp«ecli at Tariiworth waB -insipid as cold soup. ? -That Sam's liorse lias not got the measles. ? That Denny sune time ago had au en counter with McKonzie's ghost iu the graveyard, and that the ghost came out test in 'the 'straggle. ?. — i-That Denny lias Iwen nhy of the tflaoeitt night over since. ? That Dr. Craven lias gone to oirao. tice his profeesiou at Newcastle. ? That Prof. Bluinenthal is now manipulating human -nuts at Kempsey. ? That, although John Lackey has been fcutghteil, he is still a 'lackey.' ? That the protection .candidates are too numorotiB for pi-oteutionists to make a choice. ? That t'jerc. will he a big splitting of votes ? That ' bankrupt Stock' is a profitable institution Tor those that have the ' ready.' ? That at tlio same time it is bard on our local dealers who are identities with the district. ? That the hunyip has uot recently been seen. ? That a change has occurred at the Club Hotel. ? That buildings are soon to be put up at the corner of Horton aird Bridge streets. — — That the portrait in the Daily Telegraph of Sir Henry i'arkc s tattler, looks like a man about to be hung.-; — -That one of the vehicles, conveying three o[ the Kempsey footballers -home, met with an accident. ? That the hauquet may have had a lot to do with it, ? That there is no end to what ?TIIEV SAV. The Gamma.— The boiler of this dredge has, we learu, hc.u condemned and sent -to Sydney, -i'he hull of the vessel aud also the tug Obcron are still undergoing repairs at Hamilton. Mr. -Portus, the Inspector of Dicdges was at Port Macquarie 'last week in connection with the business of repairing the dredge and plant. ?The Trio.— This resBelleft 'Vort 'Macquarie Kin Wednesday last for the -Clarence with a cargo of piles, and Mr, '.John'HiubardSenr. weut as a pas senger ta push his timber business. The Sir Henry isjiou ou thu berth at Hamilton -mill loading piles for the Olaienoc, and this pile trade bids fair to assume considerable proportions. We are glad to notice extensions of our timber trade, aud have great hope in its future. iGuatifving.-— The Morning Advertiskh, a London daily, says that the exports trom Australia in the past year have exceeded the imports -by LU ,000,000 and augurs from this a speedy recovery of the Australian colonies from the recent depres sion. The sigati of the times are certainly encoura ging, and those who have be™ able to stand the strain of the dull times will have a good chance of coming out well in hand and wiser men. These facts apply to all districts. Gazkiteu. — Sergeant Nettorfield is gazetted In spector of Gunpowder Magazines for this district. ?Land Cufrt. — The Land Board sat in the Port Macquarie Gouit House yesterday, and will sit again on Monday next. A report of same will ap pear in next issue. -TiiKr wkks linire.— By « telegram clseivherj! it will be aeeu that the two men, Williams aud Mont gomery, wore hung on Thursday last. Regarding the action of the Cabinet in this matter, opinion iu tliis district is divided ; but very pronouueed on both sides, for and against. Tree Plistim; — The proper season for plant ing trees iu this district is now at baud, and our uliiermen and others 'would do well to note the fact. Regarding pepper trees for shading the streets of Port Maoijuarie, the seeds can he easily procured and the tree is a rapid grower. Nf.v Bridge.— A ucw low level bridge over Morton's Creek is now niieu for traffic, and will be found a great convenience to tl-jsc in that locality. I.O.G.T.— The usual fortnightly meeting of the Star of Knuis lodge was held on the 25th of May last, Bro. \V. Musoio, C.T, presidiue. Tlie atten dance of memlici's present being fifteen. There being no business to tmnsact, the C.T. at once passed on to the Good of the Older. The compe tition for lini. Dawcs' pi izc, was uot as keeu as ou former occasions. The following is a list of the pieces contributed:— soug, 'The Old Rustic Bridge,' Sis. E. White ; recitation, ' Uon't try to be odd,' Bio. Kendall ; song, ' Down went Maginty,' 15ro. Upgert ; song, ' Don't driuk thy dear life away,' Sis. H. White. Bro. J. White then related his experience from the time he first joined the Order up to the present time, showing how he had worked his way up from Sentinel to the position he now holds— Special Roving Deputy. His career as a Good Templar in our neighborhood, is one worthy of note. The fact of liis liciug pre sented with a testimonial some (ew years back, allows the liigh estimatson in which he is held by his fellow members. Bro. Kcudull also told a little of bis experience, stating that he had been iu the lodge for twelve years, and had always done his best to further the interests of the lodge. Fkeioiit Ukiiuction,— A tcleqram fromGrafton, published in Tuesday's Herald, states that the North Coast Steamboat Co. ha* decided to reduce the freight on maize and potatoes between Graf ton and Sydney, from Is to (id per hag. We presume the same reduction will lie rxteudc-l to all the north coast ports where this Company's boats trade. AcfriniiNT. — As we went to press we learned that Mr. J. J. Branch, .if Linieunriiera Creek, met'ivitli an accident yesterday (Friday) while assisting iu the repair of the It.ci^c at Hamilton. Our infurmant statct that one of Mr. Branch's hands was badly crushed. Ball at Lal-riicton ? On Friday last a ball was held at Luurivton, given by the local bachelors, and was attended by over 200 ladies and gentle men. Jliisic was supplied by Mrs. J. M'Kav (liiano), Mr. K. Pearcc, of Cooperuook (cornet), and Messrs. A. Mulduon aud Slayncy {violins). The M's.C. were Messrs. A. J. Gibbius aud R. Bibby, who admirably fulfilled their duties. The supper was provided by Mr. Bryaut in gooil style. Daucirg was kept up till daylight, and the alFair passed oft' most successfully. — M. R. Indkit.NIiknt. A SsMUCATJi. — We learn that a Port Macguarie mining syndicate is about to begin operations at Bulby. and that a representative of the Mines De partment his viewed the ground iu connection with applications for prospecting areas. Bulhy is beyoud the Manning. Bas- skuit Nonets.— The Daily Tkt.kijiiapu has been appointed the ofiicial organ for the pub lication of all bankruptcy notices for one year from June Ut. The forty-fifth annual report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society (which is just published) discloses two items which show that the directors are acting wisely in the interests of the Society, and with a due appreciation of the signs of the times. Fur they have set aside over an eighth uf a million of money as a reserve for tlie depreciation of se curities (the exact figures nre £127,717 Hs.) and they have boldly shown a decrease in the revalu ation of their ottioc premises of £2+,O0u, besides a deerease of £2,110, l.'ialld, iu the re-valuation of Government debentures. To write off over £ir-H,000 ill one year against possible losses is a feat which could only be performed by an institu tcition which is a at once strong and honest. Such a course, moreover, ciunot fail to suggest compari sons with other institutions which, although it is well known thit securities are everywhere falling in price, continue cither to keep them upin their hooks nt figures U'hicli may once have represented Jieir market value-but which now .ire misleading \--?or else load them up with interest or otherwise in a failing market, and thus crentn a fictitious sur plus for distribution. The directors of the Aus tralian Mutual Provident Society deserve the re spect and gratitude oi the whole community for having t-et a shining example of Ihiancial morality and courage; and, if there still rciiiaiiiH any truth iu the olrl iiiIbkc that ' honesty is the best policy,' they will ruap their -iue reward iu an hiciease of business.— Auv. As ship a« tin' Sun rises in tin1 East Waugh's Baking Powder is letter t|ia:- Yeast. * 