SINNING IN VAIN. BY HARRY BLYTHf, [ALL RIGHTtI S tiESiRVIED.] IN TWO CHAI'TrItS.-1. TutY were bothl betiful itn disti.ct ways, and the one bore nto resemnhlance to the other. Wora Royce was fair anld airy. Flsaxn locks, large blue eyes, lnd a slight figlroe suggested in etherealisoc wahich was want ding in the broader lines of the pssionately' dark Hetty lIelton. They both were seen to their beht advantage wshen together. 'The very l tarked .lilference in their charms heightenod the effect. Perhaps this is shy they had e quickley Inktn to aln onnother. Forlcne had been s a rbitrary in her treatoment to themn as Nature. Nora had oo pedigreo to boast of, but she poIaessed wealth. Iletty could trneo her descent through the centuries, but could tlot always commlnlnd it £85lote. Society gave theml an equal aolonnt of welcome, for, after all, gold does atone for 'lock of ancestry if there he " good style " with :it. At the time this narratlive opens, Ifetty : ,ellon was staying with her friend's parents at ;their handsome country house in Dvonshireo. !The soft fragrance of the second crop of iay tilled the air. Thor was bunootig on the river, vluoch ran thgrugh the groundst. oo trips were to ho had witthin easy dtrivig dialsce. Sport was tlettifoul, out there's were deliglttl'tfl walks Stid ridies rounld tLhem, to say ntlitg of theo cr!lh orchards, "junkets," aot clotted cream. It waso a satisfying change from the dust of Loll Sonl. There was leach visiting and receiving of guesta, soo the lively Mtatty hatt no excuse for 'omtplining ofi dlnessc. lndeed, 8heo would been complnetely bopp)y hoot for the paIg wiololh ttie contrast botwetn her friendl's wcaltli and lher own needlilless oo'asioleld. Her hlotlo was a rich marriage, and this, sho promised herself, woa far t froe t being alt im possble eu lootiogeoey. It eas gratifycg for hier o see thatoNtNra persistootly loft tht tield to 'herself when desirtlo In00l were ill thle bouse. 'l'his attitude n0 the part of her friend puzzleo d hertot a little. She coonsidered it quitei at enrinero with It girl's proper ilinstincts,. t thenl sheo ha alwiay looked oil lMiss I)oyce as being a sinlmleton, and olo0 easy to beguile ill ,any reckoning. " ''he day will be gone before we start," she enol witih letulaneo one lone morning, is slhe sat r anatchiog Nor lausy at her pretty little wriiting cdesk. Ie:tty had been dressed for quite II quarter of an hour, 0s0 there was siOne renaheo for hle ot slow of npslatioene. "I ?' shi:l[ oever ght to traoo and bacr ini tnme for ollleh." "Oh, yes, we shall," returned Norn, turning her bright focoe i. t I shRl't t hIe a Ioietleult, dotr. Itotost Ilistl thI let ter.'" " There will bIe imti enough for tIh:tt later on. The hag is not collected untoil four." "Thler are some letters," was tho grtvoe allswer, " whichl one ioes not care to trust ill tho Ibag-s1ite, Von know, Iletty, onlle prefers to post oneself." " Only love letters." Illtty poke with coo tenmpltt antd tossed her raven head. "iBe that as it olay," laoughed Nora, "I hove filloshed noi?, and it wono't tnliac 00 two minutoes to dtress." Shl was os good as her word, but then she ha ll only to put her hat on. S lDuring the drive into the old town theoy .ehttedl together mlerrily, and the subject of .the letter seemed to be forgotten by both. At cthe post ofice lletty's kloon eyes watched thIo ,missive as it dropped into tlhe o l. "There l" shil elxclaill, " 1 was right after ill. It it a love letter. I saw I* llsquire' oil the teback. S" Well," sanswered Norn cailly, " supplosing 'iti i? Burely, 1 mnay sov nly little ' nlnir :as well s otiyone else. Besides, papa alld mmnoln know all tbout it." i What na ly wretcl you are," said Iletly, '" you have never breathed a word of it to loo." . 'I cowantod to give you a surprise. lie is coaling downl here oin few days. I hllop you " Take care he does not like sme," retulrned lotly jestilngly. Of corse, he is hllrIsone, rich, lstd all that sort of tihing." " Yoo don't suppost I wouhll elngage tiysoltIf 'tion aelown," soldNora n in tihe sme0 Inooterioog spirit. " Not one hats ever met Ocurge Fatirfax anld not litked hito." A pallor worse than that of death spread over Illetty's faco. For a Imolenllt silo felt that her senses had left her. All was s dark. Shlle so qucicly recovered that this brief onlotion was unnoticed bI3' her comaniion. " " oergs tc'eirfax," sho relatetd, " c thilnk I wnas introlued to hinl at the o Vias '." " What full," cried the delighted Norn, " I 1 ai so gind ysou know onel another. It will be .a surprise to him to sell you herr." " It will," was the emplhatio rejoitler. "' What a dull hole this lhisnt is," she went. on. " I shotll bon glad when you haveo lane your oshsping. 'l'hese narrow streets bore meo jterribly." t " You don't look well, dear. lonw ilnpatient youc were to get here, nod now you are in quiitse a big hburry to got loooe. I hlaoe son, aill 1 wonllteot to do, We will driLvo bac ac t ones." ( " id you only cone here to post that .lottor ?" " Thatl's nll." ." Then," said IIetty, sarcostically, " you t l can 0cver aveo had a lover before." " I should have married Gerald Eltwin," was the quiet reply, the voice shaking n little withI g emlotto?, " but he died. It was a great srrowi tonmec. ButO?pd hits been good to inu. IHe ibn helpaltd Ine to forget e little." " I could not love mlore thou once," declared Ietty decisively. There was a queer gleaom in her eyes as shlle poo. C nock ngain in the house, and alone for a (little in her own room, the girl gnav expression to the feelings whllich hehl nd swayed her. Sheo ( did not speak her feelings uloltd, for folks out :hide a lunaotic aylum rarely do. Her thoughts ; took pretty muct tLhis forcm. " Why couldn't sile have left George lairfax 1 alone ? No wsonder shoe lis been so idifferent ito every anol about this place. Sloe says s he to eongaged to himu. Thiis ecgngioglent, if there Jho one, must tie of recent date. Only two e abort ionths ago lie seolcld devoted to me, and !heaven knows I love him. It ia true he never r :proposed, but he led mo ol--led mIn on to .'cdream my dreams. 11u lst be taghtll that tohe cannot play flast iold loose with ll0e iht such a way as this. It is lucky I lot hero os he is t cominlg. They are cot monerricdl. ly dear Nora I ant a[rlal 'you ncoer will bhe Ire. t.irfax. To I' those whohave sh all be givene, say the Scrilp. - tures, but my love is worth all her money, uIt h so I will prove to hin. Tol think that she Ishould come bhetwvell n e and UII. Th very et suggestiql is maddening to cim. Ilow wlcked ;oand evil I feel." at In spite of'these perturbing thouglits Hetty wore a dehotntnir manner at lnobh, and ils,, -cuased the merits of lr. Georgo FairfaTx with ll musch vivacity. Nnra's fatler Introduocd tlo hi ;n mur my daughter ill be happl y with hie. h rOy the way," hie rattded, " his friend 'oaller 0 Gouhld iscooiclg with hitn, and a little bird t Ihes whispered to mo thant he is a great admirer fI •of you, Ietty." S " iUvon ldti llt i a few the0," Wss Ithe d. h :muroaower. "l'ossibly he clay have good )taste, but boydad that he has tothhitg to reutom imsnet him."0 " You mean he is poor P Well, that is so, fhut it seems extremely probable thalt whce his tuuclo tdies he will b a very wenlttly man. t" '" I hope so ftr his sake, onol Iloaty. h : The fact thatuW'lter Golid was colcing with IS .Gcorge telrfox waoc unlleaontO Ilt00r0 to Ilelty. .hhoikoethat he wonold he fnr nver at her h eeln, nslid this doull serioualy iltrerrr witll b the aoni lslet Innohpoly of blit frliott d o bhl 'iccllllseotl herself Hier Irrthttotlocc nlado hcr h-' hi lieve that the FIdtoa thunlselvecs were leaguod b :cigeclct lir. ,It a thoctie l two myoung moc arrivedo, Wlter's i':.attentions to her loft her little or tlo oppor. SlSunsty of winnlciog Fairfnx from cho sido a f a ? e'm. Tills was exaos uratlilg to the last dtegrce, rstpeololy n0 her cooldlnoss ounly increased tIr. hy Wdylyl o you reltab in toantallisng so P" .ald thu hlmt- nnmcio tlcm ani g ncotoo t o cvenlollccg, Iwhlco ho and Ilotty founcd thestoelveo alonet Iamotgthe trees. : toe i' ao l tolnsalyou P" crled the/irl, llayolly, I"tr. Gould, I donI't linderstandw ayol! meae." 0 t Nonsenso," he retorned hotly, h you know 1 quirt well that I love you, that I am cevoted to you:. Ono day you re kindoness itself, and th tl Joeot we moet n; ,frangera. This nasot falr treatmen, e cty, nd I m tooe pamelonato ti troloratt llt tnylonr. You hold my heart. Tell odtruly whtoi ,rI rony hoplm over to win ")ourseP " 0I o It Is' rough wooing," o satld with a smile, Ia " cut oan hoatoes on," ho pleded. "I shsll lnover love gncn as I lovo you. Ilotty, he kind d 'to me. Give ape tho right to call you my own0 no the end of our days. He loolked llushd, eCrnest, wistful. h8 0 'wos quite calm, and theore wao lo algn of oaffoo 11 .tbonen her sold goze. lc MI, Gould," she stad, "I am sorry tlloi yl hln hIlpenled, I had no ide that I hd ozolted t cherish your frienitoship. I shouel Ial. d.lig you a great wrong if 1 olluowe you to holm lur mtore." A ldeep sgh eiscaped ohim. "I at l lieavily hit," ho mrmutentrl, "tlut even this is helter than thu torture if the foune certainly I nhae ernduredl the last few weeks. I thall leave heru to-iurrow, antd it is posible 'we mlay not nluta ngain." r. " I sohll elways Im glad to see you," sheo a as Itwered, it a.ow toue, uadt they walked bait to !d t le house i o silence. l She was too restless to re:oain long itdoors. She was glad to o storl out into the ol I air again, ned be with her own thoughts. Ily the t river bhoe eOt eorged Fairfax, wilo a.Ald her if d she halod stell Gould. . " lie woet into the lhouse a lillle whilem go," she replied. 14I have not yet congratulated 'ou iton yar egaltgned t,"y alsto aied ; ld It deed, thsis stle first tihan woe have bete to Sgtlther siltns yot eovo beetn here." *. Yers !" sometllhing il her rten mlaoe him it search her fa(c with inteurrst. " I hopet I htall be abln to felicitnate ouil on his good fortuneo. alave you aclptLed him . " It "No. low cll, you hak such a question Hr tave you forgotten ltil that ns pitasseto btween h you and els P It is uoe life, one love, with me." Sihe litt lhr arm in hin, and loooked Ilp into his Ifilr piteously. tress, tdo not talk in tlhat strai. 'e have flirted, it is true, but I always imagined it was Gould ouldul cared for. Now that heo has conom into n onuy there is no reason why you should ot matrry." SYol'tlay despise me if you lilke.," she said, " but the trpt will out. I thought you had set your heart on me, and the awakening from my dIreti is'n bitter hs death." " Poor girl, ioor girl." lHe tried to soothe her with tender spoeches. Before they joined llte others he had kissed her as a brother might a aitatr. " lt love mT still," she aatd to herself S" he loves mo still, agd I will win him yet 1 am glod I did not knbw that Gould has moyll It miglht havo lltered my answer to him, and I . should have lost George for ever." On tie following morning Gould returned to SLonuon, aind, a few days afterwards, Georgo Fairfax followed him. CIHAPTERt II. i" Waler, my hoy, you look as thin as a Iatlhe tand s poalo as a glhost. 1'll-tnui have n splend, id theory that men do not fal love dlis aOnlotllntlntt, butt your affair with IIotty l lulton eeo nts to have knocked you over altogethlr." S The spenaer was (Georgoe Firfax, and the tIpaco his aniug ehambers in the Albany. * I feel horribly seedy. The worst of it I I rcan't drive or out of nmy mind. I know I lam r acofoounded all to bother myself any iore about her, but I enn't help it. Do Yoill know, Geiorge, I sotettlimno foney she loves you." " i hopeo not," was tile steady rp ly. "1 Funny bow tihe obstinacy of human nature makes !r ol! e o lthe wroiing thlilg. Folks oose to tllke a telighlt ill bIraikitng tleir otwn hearts, just as chilrenll like to tear ilp their toys. I al tnot saure thlat in the old days I might not have pro 0posed0 to lelly, but I always regarded her itas belonging to you. Of soure, you know you have Ino rival itn me, old boy ?" " Oh, yes. Unforltuntely toat does not Itelp atters. Biltoo has ptlced hist yacht at my disposal, and I thtiln of ' doiog ' the IlMdlilr ralnet. Be a good fellow and join eto." ".Thlnoks. Frankly, I must decline. The love sick laloteo is never a pleasant cotn ItutiotI, anll llere'a ieotal at home miore attrae Slive. If Holly had aIeopted c yo, you would Ill, ro soiway. Yoeu ee Il havo Nora-" . Excellent reason," said Walter, with anI attel tt c t semile, and I acince it. The trip prominses to be it delightful oplt,| " I ml sure I woold enjoy itwareo I free." Ilis servant lntered with a letter for hinm. SJust ta loment," said Uaorgo to his friendo " I'll see what this is." 'hoe conltnts of tlhe epstle changed his whole notlter, sent the blood from his cheeks, the light frito Isir eyes. " Excuse mo for a few minluts," ho said to Gould. " Il usat answer this at once. IDol't g away. I may go with you to the n loditer Alorte iltn tullher room heo buried his face in Im htulds aod groaned aloud, l'lo romnnlica Lion Ilae ta received was sufllcient to ulset a ta:fl of even l tronger nerve. Thle nvelolpo contained three letters. Thoe Ilrat one he read ran thlus : The two notes I nllclose explain them. selve andItled Ino d commnll t front el e u lavoig your wolflro ot heurt, I nm aOn. xiout to save yeou frol the wiles ofan, unscrupulous fl irt, whose vanlity is only equaled by her heartless wickeodess. The elnloosur consisted of two letlorre-o in its own e rvelope addresud to i" lio a Nora lloyce." It had Isled to tlrlllhe postt nt;d hd bell oa lllOed. It was fromr i It man who signeld hIimtulf Geralld," endt it contnaited terms of such passionate devotion as ontly all leeepted lover woull venture to pen. The other was without ailly cover. It was ill Nora's ndol writinig, which Fairfx knew so well. TIhat ttto, breathed offection it every line. The ovidlene of Nora's faithlessness secemd over whehnieg to hiim. Tie blow was at cruslhing one. It was his nature to act ol tlhe impulsoi of the moment. te nloute addressed to iher tanl tle one she had writte helie inetldiately dtspatched to her, ncomltmniued by a terse request for an xplauna tiott. To Waller Could he said, " I have had some news whlicl has utset m. I shall be bad o om iaoy for you to-day, so you hadl etter leave t to tayself. I sutppso you won't start for .r Ir duorI. O ivn me to the red of theo ovek, tatl thle; I will say whether I can go with you or not.'" Gioulid thought it unwise to press for any explanation theoh. So he left his friend with a shake of tho haud, which was utaonded to be sy ll' atlhtic. wna oto calculated to convinco him of her duplicity. She thanked him for returning to her thei two letters whichI had been stolen front her desk. She roquested that lhe would also let her have back lth diamond brooch which had been taken at the same time. Hle toro tlhe Inlsaive into fragments, and wrote a feOw harty lin es to Walter to the effect that he owas quite ready to start at any momenot. " What has happenedl between you andl George ?"said Ifatty to Nor one llorning ; "1 am sure you have rad a quarrel." "No quarrel," was her nad reply. "We110 have uarted for ever. I has been guilty of a very tecal trick. I have nothing but contempt for hilt.t' " Don't talk like that," Ilotly cried " he will I cono dlowln Ihre, and all will be oxplaied." I" Ieo cannot como down hero. Io has gone abroad." Hetty sank into a chair. " Glose abroad P" she repeated, In a hboelesso t voice. I"WVy didn't he come here first P Where has io goe to " ~ h " ao , dst tol ow. I doto nt ant kenot.td to _o, f'o y?tol orn_ ot 0to uso. i Ath o days pIaoed, she grow thitner, Rnd smore hollow t ecanlo her eyes. Ilotty suffered in a difflerellt way, aild perhapshlrder, for bho had i to aslUeo a lively Iloaloner slhe vtas far from I feeling. Thu possibility of Georgo Puirfrx I goltg away l 1d nIever occurred to ier. S1I0 hd och enad to oeelm Itat dll frorl Nor, tmld wi hIoIl fur hIersolf, andt ino ale Wauts frlah o fronl her goal than over. ieo had nothing of momeot lto keeup hIm i Eglenlld. iHe might rerlaill atwy for yers, oro rel sctle abroad. It ttdded more iat to tor hittoruess of aPlirit to learn thaIt Walter Gould hall necompaltic him. Iolt harl lost both when ehe thought heri serlf moot clover. Nora's fragile frame bore up badly over this, her recold love dlisappointmout. 'The doctors hadu to be called int, lind a varleoly of remedies wero tried, Onlltl Ill vain, There wr nodrug that coultl kill thu canet rearting ay her brin anld Ireying ol her heart. tittally tle o hieoVItablo "cballgO of oeoteo" Wus roeommended, anld a sojottnl lit tile island of SIcily detorhlitod oi,. fir. Ityeo behged Holty MIIellon to no eotptnly his doughtoor, otud thle youeg lady vr)yglndly Ocelltolt tlto offer, , Sho nteeded totttethinrg to dlihlroct her gnatloing thoughts 00 mush as the aolrnwooledged iltvulid did. T'hey had itot been ioainy days itt Palermo beforo they cameo foeeato faco wth WValter Gould and Ueorgo Flirforx. 'Tho latter turned his eyes in anouther diroe, tloll, htbut Waltler romainoed, a minuto or o n converaation with them. "We meust elear out of heroe, sahtl George, when his frhltud rejolilted Ilmt, 1I cel't hrcutho the sa4eloatmospllhere with tht girl." "IMy dear Fairfox,"rulturneadlbthother, "what your dispute with Allss Iioyce Ilay be I do not know, for you have not thoght It wise to enlighten me on that Ioint. 1 have eenl the girl! Iovr, and I am goineg to moknt naneloild attempt to win hor. I shall stay hero a monith. If you care to cruise about duritig this interval do so by all meaons. here I reotalih." " Pl'lain speaking t 41l oventp," said George, ' You may retembhr that thore was somepne lwho'rlrod hits Ieaatlld friend, buht I uln anot likely to take that rourso with you. I shell return to the yaorlt at once al-t-weOll I Wljh you better hick wilt your Otarr4ulln 5v)",.y thu I hod wty*l1," Sr,- ".-. C s Cuii.d," l.111ghe1l Walter, " ibut don't forgi 4L to call for ti.e this thy titlitli ir theirouahouts. 'r Tha'iLt iollting liu Celled oi the two I girl llItty'« lirut question was, " What hatve yo ollto with your Iriend P" t Oi, ansuiwered Waiiltr. " ll doles not car ftr l'alerino. lI has siled awy." h. Iltll'JI nrt lull uit this nows. It hlld I le visiiti effect ot Norn. in fltlt tlnt tIlir couli he io I jlllure fur her wilth Unlrgu lFairlfa S 'J'h lsI ckilg chaingI: whlilhl lold Ctiue Oure oNora dueply etcilhe (ulhl's a symulathy. IU mhid ll'r eiasidrf.lle ltt?nrtio)l , sotul ii tile ext . cllrsios they Ilnll daily afterwards lie w ir Itlwaysit huier ihlc, rehCtring her at thountul in A nd null littol services. His Iullaviour exclite if till thu irritlliullnlill j ynlousy inl Ilstly' INl lrl e to S tullgll to thiilk Ihit outir illl bil " Culld tolueral Golld, eslecrlilly Isi he wtrs lo I oullt ll. IS iws utgry wtilt hirself for hmavitl ri. jelcl litrl. 'l!ore smd tuo le nochltnce ol bectlini:! ollrgo Fairfax. It waI UllOpyiiln it see Norla nir ig till t tinl nr's t ilimne. Hlct? wi li ire~lr whether hn hall lost or forgoilteu 1 his old palissiuio for liersulf. WYlhy shouii both tjies. I runllll ftr thalt " poor ghost orf i Iliiig," Nora ? p Yoia lihotu wondrously well, lMr. ould,"' 1 shle aid to hi in o nfterinooln, iantlleys at wantc Sing thlle illl Ran klitssig the yellow stOlni. NIorn liad felt too ill to go out with thrnl. , It iu tot long lsicI you were quite tmulo drallic in your mlisry. 1 suppose a mtn is tiever rally ' heavlly hit,' as you call it." iSh hld turned the l culvorsatilo in the pre ciao dircction he wished. " To I callndid with you ,ldiss Meltonl I felt yosrt rejection lieenily. I sulfur from it still. nurcly you will lnot wishl to see une wthinilig over it ? I cail oudurou nod bear as a maln shoulcd." I hln thle world not yet taught you never to talk a wominn's first re usal as ta ilnal one P" lthe drew herself a little closer to him as sin Sthich means- t" lie spnko slowly. t 'rlat I haive felt nsanuch plain ast you. ] I Iod ni t give yon ty t am?s anliswor iow as i thenll." I alter did not lt It his golden moment silti Ite put his, nrm roeuntd r llind l isn d aher wh itll oIl frvour that ilusled her chlcks anld auugleil a herhlir. i You love illi then ? he cried, catching hit breath with lifllcully. Yus, llll 1 allwaiyi iuvo." Th nolgl it was not so, ohe tblicved at that nmotntllt silo slokeLo the truth. "Threo is tone thinig you iItmust do," silO Adllled lftier a little; " you I must bring U(iorgo Fairfax back to Nora." i" I loir that ils Iloyondl iy power. il hans lover taken fler into his ccltiltenco oveu tlhi I unhtlliay istlralgetlltti. Ife is quite resolved ioevitr to l e hir agailn, anld stiu evidclllly does " Norn hllts told iliverytlllilg. l 1 lave madl sole inquiries myself, and I am are, Walter, if tw pubi our hIads Ioguthller. wle all mlakui them ltneo morll haIppy. I Wo? t io so inueb. I nill tired ofiil sig hler sio ill unit wretched. I woull give mlin ch nlo to undio thte wrong that iha bccnl dolne. Norn was eallgnil obfore, you kllno, it nisat you donll't l no lfor Niorn nveir Illlih Itut uitI to itinyoie. It is a closed Msbject. (tGerld wil u was tis llnle.i Il!d lluddiely. At Ih illi e it lOustIeo to break her lhenrt. Shli foind her own letters to h illm aoing his li apetlrsl lianil these, wtil the ines lhe lhaild sll a itlir, sie cherisiht. Somleole, wlho alld n illl-will to 'Ir. IFairifax, toolk unit of e(ch out of her ldsk unit sent thein n t hilm. Tuhere were no dates ot themt, and even t t Lhu envelope coalu ltalliing on the postaiil imarl was unretdable, as ofrite hapenitls. Mir. Flirfax naturally coil. clutttl tI hIciu obe llso lnIliunit ious Iwro ol reseinut origin, atld e senllt Uthem l back to Norl wilth in sbarp notl. Tho poor girl qoite as rilnson ably conciludedhlt It lie lld tall lred uith iler ldesOl, Uill Ilnll othI io thte notesC . So it is inL this wiay tht this trouble lls comle tlbout, tleo him and loll him this. Ilring hli to il,r. I weti to seo thliem hapy lnow-n-t O (iho t lI have yo.i." " IA shounl Iho to g0t hold or this scounldrel " I sll ll otly Ibe to glad to Il thle imIeus of ilaing ils ttrs righlt Ietween Ucorgo ndti l-isa loyce. Poollr fellow ! Ilelhas anilered nhlmost as lultcnsIhav, h t. As for nliss lRoyce, it is !asy t o thut reconciliation will lavio Ier life. 'irflx will beo here it few ldys now. We must wait maitil Ito orrives. As I duon't know wheruo il is, it is. iilmpossillo for ile to commuonicate uvitll hitt," Ier a Ioiu mIstit Illety's face was a study in eIlpilyoxiy. lHad she I mpulsivul y nino a falso 1oveP ? littll consideralctio delteurinel hor thathl len i. 1t was tuo I nto InIo to go bolk, ntil shil Inlsd herself its happ y as she could inr lth ten rlltess which Walter li ourwerl oil her. Nuor received lio tlle wi of her frieid's Uengage iuent tat ?r. Goul wilth gulin uei pleasure tinged will th te imilrnfulnest s bllgotlten iof her own ldeup nlld bitter sorrow. I halld bilon lagreed that intlhing houtll bei said to her about lthe Ipurlointedl lltters until Georo Flairfax hitmself apipetlrd c ol tiltheu so. When lit last Isie rrived i at alermo, Ioe listenleu to iuaLer Guldr's explaationlos with iontliflst colincern. " I ihrila wronllgd hl poIlor girl ldeolly," Io salu, " tlll h ie si uite ti klltnowIi lyi bs twrunlged lle, I will gl to her lit onceo." 'Tho twofriendsi wntl ogethern d thoey foumnd Iletly and Nora by thuniselves, I Iiivo cattleL" sBimtd Otorge, " to beg yotlr forgirveiiss Nora, lfor the witkud dolubts I had about your filthlfulnss to me. You ho e alsto nursud vro ignotions about ma. The clouds that Ilvo blell between us Clu llOw hbe dispelleld by my friend lihero . Wo havo sbeen Ilayinlg itl cross purposes. I t n hopful tllall to-dty will brltlg us thue ld brightness back n gain." Nora looked glndly itp at hit. Ind tiey been alone it its Iu ore than plrobahlo it recoilcilin tion would huave been clfectel without the aid of either Mr. Uould or letty. Walter repeoted substantiially the story lie lhad been told by thlo Instalrnedl young lady, Nors was silent until hon hld flulshed. 'I'liell, with sudden sand iuexplected vigour, she cried " Who explained all this to you P"' Ilotty madli a movi ment toprevenllt Mr. Gould front answeritug but he lid lost see itw. "Whly, tho eanrcst little womnil it the world \--my wife thlat is to be-llrtty Mtellonl." Thein," declnred Norn, "slel, nlld ho allone, must be the thif. No oio, uxcept thue person who robbed mle and illysulf ever knus w of Iny loss. Oh, Ilutty, Ietty," itmotuned tho girl, brenking down, "how cuuld you be so wicklodly cruetl You must hlav stolen Iny brooch, too, and you iknow how I plrized that." Tile tulel t gazd alt each other desnairinogly. Tlhi denotlouen t wais totllyounexpected. Ilutty lltouenil druw herself up to her full height. Ieor eyes Illlshed flaunes. "I have louo tly bustll," sI hnlls ill a cohl, slow way, " to recoincile you and tMr. Fairfax. It ssultsI havu succelededl. Four iy painls I aru i wicked oaccusatiaou hurled it ilo. 1think, Nora, that too much love hans turncd your brain. Ilr, Goull," she added, turning to him with quitu a grand air, " I shall rely oil your holl) to sisilulsto sny chlracler. Wo htd butttr htvu tlforo sht reached lho door, Walter following sot hl n dobtulift il y,i It waits luoig opstl nitil '"' The yosnsg Idies oro to bs cosngatulatod," hI oriedl t itiuf hll tuOut iuto i ltteir rosms, utit we hIav caught him, oh, yes, Ihe is aulogLht. lH wns it the tlartmnlmllt of lhIlls. Melton. and very busy with hier lIrulllus. 11o hIud seclurud this lovely dilliorttlllroouh, bttt we erou too quilk for him, hud sUee, I hvro it hero qltitt slfo. Oil, tlulo rnuscls, lth comuni thlugs aro not good o oulght for thilte." i Th'ltk yoh," stid Nora, gatuly i " that is mybrosscl." tlettyloukbd roitdllie hatiugtllly. Corilusly oilosttgh, all hr sctorn woas rcsurvud eor poor WIolter (Ouolul "i sitpplotelIt shtu shstl., In freshlttg tones, "iyol are liot moiti iouglh ttt aeotuctptnly Ilie from thlls totlsuo whuro I bltao bosi so grossly ittsttdt.tt ][o said tlO[lhiK, ie0 E~llysailontlluntos with boweog profounudly to her, Sho hravellod book to Blaltnd alone, problebly s?tisiedl oil ono poilt, thtut It is ratlhr at irritatitg perlormauco to isiu it voultt.. .. 