GRAVE AND GAY. The man who is scared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. Teacher-" What is the passive mood Of the verb "to work ?" Johnny--' To loaf." It is odd but true that one can best judge of a woman's character when she is walking. Doctor-" You cough more easily this morniag?" Patient-" 1 ought to; I practised all night." When the boes of Russia orders a thing to be done the slave says eses, sear," and goes and does it. In the case of a telegraphers' strike it is just a little doubtful who would hold the key to the situation. Can anybody give a good reason why clocks should not strike when they are required to work over time ? Johnny-" Pa, did you know ma before you were married P" Pa (with a sigh) "I thought I did, Johnny." "Is Jenks in the swim nowadays P" "Quess he must be. His best girl has just thrown him overboard." "You think my boy is bound to make his mark?" 'eacher-" I am afraid so. It seems impossible for him to learn to write." He-" And what would you do if I kissed youP" Ihb (with dig-ity)'" I'd call mamma" (After a pause). "lut mam ma's out this evening." Ithel-" Do you allow Charles to kiss yon when you are not yet engaged to him P" Maud-" It isn't an allowance. He calls it a perquisite." Misatress-" I wish I knew how to have my photograph taken so as to please dear Ckarley" Familiar maid-" Let me sit for youe, Miss Emma." Man wants but little here below And gets it if he san; But woman asks for even Ies- She only wants the man. "There is mo earthly excuse for a tailor who turns out poor work if- " "If what P" "-he takes the right mresures to have his garments It." "I consider your set much beneath me," said the weathercock fowl to one in the barnyard. "You're a vane thing," was the quick retort. " Say, pa," said Freddy, "why is it that when you or lncle Oeorge tell a storyyou always get laughed at,land when I tell one I get a liokin' ?" Wife (angrily)-" Yes, before you mar ried me, you confessed you loved me." Husband-" Yes; and I had nothing taken off my sentenoe for doing so, either." " Look here, old ehappie, just introduce me to your pretty cousin." "All right, I'll do so; but mark, if ever you marry her, don't lay the blame on me." She was a very little girl, Yet strong men fled in fright, Beeause, you see, that little girl, Was going to recite. "When Mr Higgins asked you to marry him did you tell him that he must ask your mother P" "I did, but he said she'd refused him long before he ever thought of asking me." 