THE POLITICAL SITUATION. T?naE appears to be a general feeling in political circles in favour of Mr. Angus Cameron being ap pointed to the position of Chairman of Committees in the future Parliament. Naturally, considerable reticence is maintained by the leading members of the freetrade party as to their intentions, and Mr. Reid wisely refrains from giving any expression of opinion as to their future movements or possible appointments. "In the first place," said Mr. G. H. Reldin answer to an inquialtive press reprrsentative, "I have no portfolios to give, and in the second place I am too old a campaegner to let fell a hint as to their probable disposal if I had." On the question of the present political eituation Mr. Reid spoke plainly. "It merely remains for the Government to ehooen which course they think it better to adapt," he sid ; " whether they shall elect to retire gracefully, as their loyal supporter, Mr. P. Hogan, has advised them to do, or allow us to turn them out. Unless they pander to the Labour Electoral League, which they can not honestly do, they haven't a ghost of a chanes, and even if they do so they canoct pcs-ibly get a majority. They will save muoh trooble and delay if they accept the iervitable and retire like men ; but that they will eventually have to reire is as certain as possible. Much of the vaunted backbone hase been taken out of the Government by the overwhelming public opinion lately oxpressed and practically illustrated at the recent polls. As leader of te. Opposition I asserted that the Government did not possess the confidenos of the coontry. At that time, of onurse, that was merely an assertion that has been made by every leader of the Opposition since Parliaments had their being- in foot, the good old assertion would be made by Sir George Dibbs as leader of the Opposition to-morrow-but I had no actual proof, only my own conviction that such was the oase. Now it is different. We have abundant proof. The country has declared against the Government with no uncertain volee, and the Government, willingly or unwillingly, have got to go. I am convinced that there is more than one member of the present Ministry who is averse to clinging to office like a political limpet until it is knooked off the rook by the coustitutional tomahawk. There are at least two men of independent means I could name who, if their profeesions of high political morality are to be relied on, cannot possibly eup port the stubborn attempt that is being made by the Government to remain in cfiloe. But we shall ste-what webhall see." Mr. Kirkpatrick, M.L.A. for Gunnedah, one of the pledged labour men, returned thanks from the balcony of the Freemasons' Hotel, Gunnedah, on Tuesday night for his election. Hie said he had always opposed the Dibbs Government, and would oppose it till it was thrown out, because they were most corrupt and insensible to manly feelings, having stook to office although defeated time after time. Only 15 of the members returned were pledges to the labour platform, and if he found the party going against the interests of the commnuity he would leave them and return to his conetituents and ask for their approval or otherwise. The.Dibbe Government had met its doom at the ballot- box, and he believed that the new Parliament would be able to do useful legislative work, provided that the Upper House were abolished, for it had been a clog on the wheels of progress. It is said that Ministers are not unanimous in the determination to faco the new Parliament, and to attempt to carry on with a minority. This is, so far, but mere rumonr; but, in view of the declars. tios of certain prominent proteotionists, it would appear to be well founded. In political circles, more especially among the new members of all parties, there is a very pro nounced and growing opinion that Mr. G.. H. Reid is the only possible freetrade leader and Premier at the present juncture. The pretensions of Sir Henry Parkes are ignored alike by the bulk of stannch freetraders and all genuine land value taxers. Of course, there is no question thatwith the bulk of heo lboeur members, pledged and unpledged, Reid is much preferred before Parkes. The labour members cannot forget that it was Sir Henry Parkes who threw up office and left them in the lurch in 1891 over the Coal Mines Regu lation Bill because he (Sir Henry) and Mr. M'Millan would not consent to the insertion of an eight-hour clause in that bill. They also remember that it was the ex-Premier who led the Opposition against a motion for the roferendum'moved by a labour member. In short, the labour party see no hope in Parkes; and if they have to make a choice betwees'him and Reid-which is unlikely, for the choioe is already made-the latter must inevitably be chosen. It has transpired that the labour member to whom the Government would be prepared to allot a portfolio, with a seat in the Cabinet, is Mr. Oann, the member for Btart, who has supported the Ministry all through the piece, who has apparently been "more fisoul than labour," and more Dibbe and Slattery than anything. It is amusing to observe the number of anxioun uanitors who oluster and clamour outside the doors of the various Ministers in the hope of snapping up a scrap of patronage before the Ministry is finally driven out. Among them are a number of defeated candidates and ex-members, who seem to be either seeking consolation or billets from those they so foolishly served against their pledgee and con sciences ; but as they have now no votes they are not likely to get either Indeed, the chagrined and morose Ministers don't hesitate to "choke them tff" with " call to-morrow." But when they 'oll to- morrow, they are told " The Minister is out; please state what yon watt in writing." These are known as the "door-mat" brigade, the majority of them being ex-labour members who, while pretending to sink the fiscal question, kept it afloat for the purpose of keeping themselves and the Government in place and pay.-Evening News. 