MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) It is somewhat curious that ench Government in its turn has on inter national question. With Mr. Service it was equally the New Hebrides, a watchful tfyo boing Jcopt on Now. Ga!nan>eapeoiaUy Gorman N.G., because it did not Belong to us, and the acquisitive Briton al ways hunkers after' that lib hath not. With the Gillies, Monro- ond Shiols Cabinets, New Caledonia was as thejun quiet ghosts that haunted* King Dickon's couch, and now Mr. Patterson truepps all tricks with Samoa, playing the deuce to and with Malietdn, New Zealand loading. And like kind Lieutenant Bolaye in Gilbert's ballad, the team “ are proud of their gun, such pride iis Hardly wrong,” and oaoklo over the diplomacy exhibited in following Mr. Seddon'a lead like a ben that has just deposited on the lap of mother earth her first egg. As 1 have all along pointed out the position'of .chairman of the department of Public Health was superfluous, and that j an ordinary clerk could perform the duties just as well as the'most highly salaried olfioor* that could bo dropped into, the place, lam delighted to find that Dr. Prosswoll has been at Ikst put into Ins proper position, at the head of the board. But tbo retirement of good Dr. Dick’ from tbo position of Inspector-General of Lunatic Asylums, will b'e.sevoroly felt, as wo have no officer of similar experience to succeed, him, and although the late under secretary, Mr. T. R. Wilson was only a few months of the year at his office owing to the delicate health,arising I believe from un affection of the throat which required to bo . constantly treated with lubricants, yet he- had a grip of his work whidh no successor who has yet un-. dorgono thp same training bail possibly have, Thii fact is, that by (he retirement and Hupernpnuation of the former heads I of the departments; and the substitution for them in many cases of men utterly now to the duties who have not over been tested in a preliminary canter as 'chief ol< rk, “The.service is going to the devil.” What .becomes of tho fever increasing army of pensioners you may ask 1 If you are well known to the service, it wiU'striko you that about ten per cent, of the men who you meet with in Collins street of a day, are pensioners to some extent or other. On 25th of each month you rroy see them pouring up to lodge their claims, on the Ist of tho one ensuing, they are to | be found clustered at the door of the im perial pensions against their names goes on all day. So great is the crush to. re ceive tho States money, that this office in order to cope with the rush, opens on. pension day at eight o'clock in the morn ing, and os the regulations of late have made identification easy, the task of settling Up is expediously performed. But what beebtrfes of the poor pensioners you may ask. Do they cbmmit suicide or take to drink or die of .ennui in consequence of the deprivation of their daily dole of work. Not a bit of it. They are mostly happy, healthy, energetic men, ond large numbers of them on being superannuated Irom the service, at once commenced but!* ness in the city where you may see them by the dozen; flying round like youngsters and generally more spry. Others have a few acres of land, and devote themselves to growing, vegetables thereon, which helps, the-larder as well as flowers, fruits, etc; for exhibition. "Others again love poultry,or sketching from nature or photo graphing it, to others betake themselves to working the piscine darlings of the pool, bu,fc all are employed, find I have only met with one who has not said to me heartily in tones that carries conviction with them, “Thank God, I’m rid A of the service.” And it is interesting how utterly worked out these gentlemen must be,- that after being thirty years in the service or having attained the age of sixty they are able (o start in life anew with a fresh zest for it and—with their pensions —able absolutely to make larger incomes than they ever drew from Government. Tho Police Courts which are to us replicas of the seamy sides of life often present us with facta difficult to under stand, but one of the oddest of tln-sp I ever recollect was the spectacle ef a deaf and dump pugilist bearing the redoubtable name of Mace crawling to a court asking for protection from the violence of a a woman; For a pugilist to be deaf and dumb is in itself remarkable, for these gentry are usually as handy with their tongues as with their fists, but to think that one of the fraternity could not pro tect himself from being badly hammered by a woman, and that not o particularly strong one, nor much of a virago, is about, the oddest overturn of all records I ever knew. My surprise has been expressed that tho committee of the Eight Hours' fete should have so long delayed the drawing of their art union. The general rule has been to conduct the drawing in the ground on the day itself. -This year, the date’was first altered to the following Monday and then to Tuesday night. The public mind is! very prone to suspicion in these matters. Consequently on Monday when tho second arrangement was made known there were expressions of dissent and dis trust. There cannot be too much openness in these ' drawings. Given the slighest idea of hole-and- corner work and failure would become a certainty in the selling of tickets. It would be far bettor far committees to revert to tbe old plan of a* public drawing; \- By the bye,l have j ust learned the' true history of the winning of the first prize in the recent' Brisbane property distribu tion. Here it is. Three gentleman, one'a partner in a large business ih*“ theglane,” another a member of Pariiament and the third also a business man one day while lunching together agreed to send £3 to a Tattersall’s sweep. - In return; therefore, they drew *a £lO cash prize. With this money they purchased ten tickets in another sweep, one of which won a £5O cash price, £4O of this they divided and with the other £lO bought eleven tickets in the Brisbane property distribution. One of these won the first prize the income from which is,£l2oo a year—or £4OO . a year each for in all human probability the remainder of their natural lives; Mr. George Darrell,, the well-known dramatic author and actor has, just re turned 1 from a visit to the States. In ilie course of a'short chatjhe informed me that one oould form no.conception of the dull ness in business matters. there. Not one of the theatres was .making money on the Contrary five-sixths of them were losing heavily. “ A Woman's- Revenge ” :whiph ran for eight months in London and is now being’played'at our Princess cpst'Mr., French, the “ boss ” Now York theatrical proprietor &4,000 in four weeks and had to be taken off. Mi*. French..told 'Mr. Darrel that bis losses during the season would top. .up to £2B*ooo. Nor was this an isolated Instance, though many of the others would not of course reach such high figures., . Numbers, of the best American .aptprS; and actresses undeterred by our -talds of depression were turning, thfefr; theirldpa Being that in no place' in .the; world could: matters beWbad as in America:-’ . HARNBSBJKCr THE JBoSPHOaUS.-—Not eyery pity by the ‘yea- can obtain, power : from 'pfeeancpur^ilMi,.. but jConstontinpiplo has* the Bosphprp.Sjahd this, like Niagara ,; is tp berjia^e ; .eleetriqity. -,Tho bold plan a - erect • : .at’ ; ;|he : ppints’r^he^ from the>BldoW: i Sea to the Medltojrranean hasthtgtoajtost^ !?arq to f(®ed 'eledtfic lamps for-: the oily and its yicidity. The scheme ia being developed a company of capitalists. ~ * 