Hip jStur^telbij* BAESEI HOIOUE, ClIAl'TEll XX LV. SEMI-AJIDUSTUS EVASIT. Now to prevent mistakes hereafter, let me say explicitly that I do not defend Lady Clydesdale's conduct throughout. I don't know that any woman is justified, on any provocation, in speaking of her husband in such a strain, to her brother, much less to a cousin, supposing that a warmer sentiment than the ties ot Kin dred is manifestly out of the question. Still, if you like to bo lenient, you might remember that a passionate, wilful char acter like Helen's requires strong and wise guidance while it is being formed ; certainly her moral training had not been looked after so carefully as her accom plishments ; the mother considered her duty done when she had selected a com petent governess ; so perhaps, after all, the Countess had as much religion and principle as could be expected in Lady Mildred Vavasour's daughter. It was a proof of the danger of such confidences, that Wyverne't) blood boiled furiously as he listened, and all his good resolves were swallowed up for the moment in a savage desire to take Clydesdale by the throat ; but with a mighty effort he recovered self-control, before Helen could follow up her advan tage. ' I did guess something,' he said, ? though not half the truth. I ought to preach to you about ' submission,' I snppbsc, and all the rest ; but I don't know how to do it, and I'm not in the humour to find excuses for your husband 'just now. Yet I am more than over certain that I can do no good by staying here. I should only make your burden heavier ; you will be safer when I am gone. Of all things, you must avoid giving a chance to the scandalmongers. Child, only be patient and prudent, and we shall see better days. Remember, I am not going to be absent forever. Three years or so will soon pass. We shall all be older and Headier when I come back, and the world will have forgotten one of ns long before that. Say you will try.' . Dissimulation is sometimes braver than sincerity. Perhaps Alan got large credit in heaven for the brave effort by which hs forced himself to speak half hopefully, and to put on that sad shadow of a smile. In a book of this length, one can only record the salient points of conversations and situations ; your imagination muse fill up the intervals, reader of mine, if you think it worth the trouble to exercise it, It is enough to say, that gentle Bteadfastness of purpose carried the day, as it generally does, against passionate recklessness, find Helen perforce became reasonable at last. Though the cousins talked long and earnestly after this, the rest of tho interview could hardly keep your interest awake. Such farewells, if they are correctly set down, savour drear ily of vain repititions, and are apt to be strangely incoherent towards their close. ' If you are in any great troable or difficulty, promise mo that yon will send for Gracie ; she will help you, I know, fearlessly and faithfully, to tho utmost of her power.' That was almost the very last of Wy verne's injunctions and warnings. If at the moment of parting his lips met Helen's, instead of only tomchiug her forehead, as he intended, I hope it was not imputed to him as a deadly sin ; the sharp suffering of those two hours might well plead extenuation ; and be sure, He who ' judges not after man's judgment,' weighs everything when He poises the scale. ? ? I never felt inclined to make a ' hero ' of Alan till now. J begin to think that he almost deserves the dignity. You must recollect that ho was not an ascetic nor an eminent Christian, nor even a rigid moralist, but a man essentially ' of tho world,' worldly. If the tempter had selected as his instrument any other woman of equal or inferior faoinations, I very much doubt if Wyverne's constancy and continence would have emerged scathless from the ordeal. But here it was a question of honor rather than of virtue. When his second intimacy ?with Helen became a confirmed fact, ho had signed a sort -of special compact with himself, and he felt that it would be as foul treachery to break it as to make away with moiiey left in li t3 charge or to forfeit his plighted word. I do not say that this mado his conduct more admirable ; I simply define his motives. Alan went down to the North tho next day to wind up his home business, and he never saw Lord Clydesdale alone before he sailed. .But ho went forth on big pilgrimage an unhappy, haunted man. Wherever he went those eye3 of Helen's followed him, telling their fatal secret on?r and over again, driving him wild with alternate reprnachcs and se ductions. He FflW them while couching among the sand-banks of an ' African stream watching for the wallowing of the river-horse ; at his post in tho jungle ravine, when rattling stones and crush ing bushe3 gave notice of the approach of tiger or elk or bear ; oflenost of all, when, after e, hard day's hunting^ ho lay amongst hiii comrades sound asleep, looking up at tSw brilliant southern slars. His one comfort was the thought, * Thank God, I could ask Graeie to take caro of her.' .Alan ' wa« rxpialing tho miserable error of fancying that his lnvc was dead, because ho had chosen formally to sign its death-ivarrant. 'The experiment hai been tried for cycles of ngas — sometimes after a moro practical fashion — and it lias failed oftener tlmu it has succeeded. Think on that old trim story of Herod and bis favorito wife. Lo 1. after n hun dred delays and reprieves the final edict Las gone forth *, the sharp nxe-odcro has (alien on the neefc of the Lily of Bdom ; surely the tortured iic-art of the unhappy jealous tyrant shrill find, pencn ut lost, is it so? Months and months havo passed away; thero is high revel is Hebron, for a great victory 1ms just fyeen won; the blood-red wineofSidon has flown I lavishly flushing tho cheeks and lighting i up l ho eyes of the ' men of war ; ' and the Great Tetrarch drinks deepest of all; the cup-bearer can scarcely iill fast enough, though his hand never stints nor stays. So far, all is well ; the lights and the turmoil and the crowd may keep even sceptre3 aloof ; but feasts, like other mortal things, must end, and Herod staggers off to his chamber alone. Another hour or so, and there rings through hall and corridor an awful cry, making the rudo Idumean girls start and shiver at their posts — fierce and savage in its despair, but tremulous with unutterable agony, like the howl of some terrible wild beast writhing in the death-pang — ' Mariamne ! Mnriamnc ! ' Does that sound like peace ? The dead beauty asserts her empire once again ; she has her murderer at her mercy now, more pitiably enslaved than evor. Ah, woe is me ! Wo may slay the body, if we havo the power, but we may never baffle the Ghost. CHAPTER XXV. At first it really did appear as if, in expatriating himself for a season, Wy verne had acted wisely and well. The purveyors of scandal, wholesale and retail, were utterly routed and dis concerted. The romance was a promis ing one, but it had not had time to develop itself into form and substance. As things stood, it was impossible to found any fresh supposition on Alan's prolonged absence, especially as no one ventured to hint ot any quarrel or mis understanding to account for his abrupt departure. Some were too angry to conceal their discomfiture. One veteran gossip, in particular, went about saying in an injured, querulous way, that ' he wondered what Wyverne would do next. He shouldn't be sur prised to hear of his making a pilgri mage to Mecca, having turned Turk for a change.' It was a great sport to hear Bertie Grenvil, at the club, ' drawing ' the old cancamer, condoling with him gravely, and encouraging him with hopes ''of having something really to talk about before the season was over.' In deed it seemed by no means improbable that the Cherub, in person, would furnish tho materials ; fer, hav ing convinced himself by repeated experiments that Maud ' Brabazon either had no heart at all, or that it was absolutely impregnable, he had taken out lately a S9it of roving com mission, and was cruising about all sort of waters , which the red signal of no quarter hoisted permanently. {To be continued.) 