SITORT STORY. Tihe Sherbrooke Mystery BY A.rsrr J. 1IhtlAr. (Cono'u':d.) i Th?e hbth agreed as to detail of the story a?ll 11iI.K and I saw instantly that ii wale trthfuliy told. SAt-air I" exclaimned the former, at length. "Tenr mnet be looked into. And where's thbe little dog 1"' 't iu's out there yet," volunteered Bhbby; " se c ,ll hea:r him cry till we got clear dunon Ile road." lBack ran oerorn the street to Squire Put. lI,)'d, and in a few words told him all about it. Neoedlos to say oner supper was untasted, 'untl a late hour that night. oNearly all the male inhabitants of Shor. :'rooko, headed by the esquiro and piloted by Ithe boys, started out to investigate the Imatter. .No pilots were needed, however, for the Irlog detective still romained yelping over the (crime he had unearthed, and guided by hie tmournful howls no one could go astray. ltoaching the spot, the squire knelt down and 'vilped Ithe ,dirt from the dead woman's flace. ""It'se Luoy gaviefl Good God I" he es. 'dlnimad in n tone of horror, at the same time 'falling back a few paces. /After a'tcrror strichoen pause of a moment rorltwo,'some.of us get to work to exhume the Iboi~y. /,A few leiovelfulf 'of 'earth- and the florm'df a woman, -without shroud or ofllin, Ibntefully dressed in the ordinary grmuents of Ilife,was 'exposed. About the body a whito 'subdtanco was plentifully sprinkled, and was loundrto'bo cthlrliCt of lime, doubtless placed lthnroeto.inseru oe : dy decomposition. )Everyonn recognieed poor Lucy Davis, and rrtaw.tlo rigid and livid mark upon the neck, [pdinted out by the eqnire. ltt worv evident she had beeon murdered by itrmngdlation, rand toesed, dressed as e waeon lat lfho 'ommcnt of ,her violent death, iitottho rulle.graveo where the dog had found lhor. Prl0ltkfhcen recilledll theoquarrel between the dirudl7wuman and her hutbas d which hie ?ad wviltnoaoed Itthe tprecedling ,day when the eap. Ittii Ihad stood blfore hid uragry wifeplaying wnith'the whipcord, 'ltho cottage was scoarhed, and t cord was rlounil ilying on the floour of the room, whichle, wwhen ttried upon ittro 'wotua'u nmook, Titted reandily Ithe rigid, livid circle. In thoerllar ?waldanuantity of a white eubstancroprooieely iliniilar touthat eaenn in thoe egrave,aud those :ortidles Ibilonging to M:ta. ])avi 'found upon Itho'expso?wnracmiosing from the house. II, reneete :an ;ll there coleld be no m:oro gotllbtn'ate, the criminal thun the crime. learly next nornin: I lack ,caml e to into yyadnlice, a travelling eritchel in his hand. "'Waod'vo mot finiished your vauntion, eurolyl." II aokld inuuurpriee. "'li've woluntarily shlortened it," he an raworeid;"" I'm going back to the city with Ithis eaeo on ,hand. Tihere's enourtg inl it to iintearnat a good many people." '*(Good-by, thee;" said 'I ; ".lot :me hear Ifrot ?you, LUnc'h." "'tOh, yen," ho asnsented:; "' goodl luck to .youn eith your ,client;" tand in another muo unontlho was oiff. 'IRhe startling eolffir of te nighlt previous Ihaderomewhat diuiitiiohed the.novelty of my 'own 'visi.or, Ibut IUooue'u remarks broucht !back.tboimystery again, and I fell to wonder. ring whera aho wan, uand if she had heard ol tihe terrible orirue.perpotrated upon a wonman lwho thad L"een toevery like ;to becato her latheat.. /At dinner timod twa.lkeoi over to the tooel ,earl glanced ovbr'ttLe list of arrival of throeo ,days Ihteuren in sthe vaua hopiel of linding sormeincimription of na Itreocryl comebodLy but ,wasn disalppointed. 'heo 1 only tlady :etranger was n Ifra eL. blarkton, -who, with hoe little boy, had only rtaycd over night and went away the next tmnorning. Evidently my client had n"`I honored the Ihotel with a reit ; where on earth could slhe have gone to, onliea she took tihe late night :train for somne other place, was tOle great gqar- in mind. And the Iher own vords, "lD1 not ettcmpt to write to me or find onmu outn;",came b-.ank to my mirnt, and I con cludedl seke lhad probably had it in her mind to leave Sortbrooko when .she uttered them. ltn.a few dayal .rceeivcd thia latter from B daik. ll t ran '.1)?:At uo'. lYou know rolhrilty was plced in any )haonds n to tIhe ID vis murder, so, afttr ?nEC'Artaitit:g that tie C.ptFirniu hd sailedfor Unlo York, 1'olinu C.tpt.ira Inemmero and ,mScelf sarchedr diligently amion; the dlipling; until ate found the ' Otward' moored at an flit .Iivor pior. 1 went un board ,and eairl, G"'Giood-morningt, eartain. i'm eaorry to trodlblo you, but I'vo a watrrant for your, arrest-' "' Arreet:l Peor what'.l' exclaimed hoe, greatly astonished. "'Fo" the murder of your wile;' said I. '" Menrder of 'my wife ! That can't be I Lucy isn't dend:l' SYes, lho is ; natrangled by a cord.";' 'I'no old fcllowrouo to his foet and looked me rejlaen:ly.and ete:aiily in the face. '"'Siir,' said leo flially, ' ilLoy'n dead, ' I dcn'ltnmow it,; I had a q'nrrel with liher tile night If.loft, tand ga?e hor a piece of my niiud, but God .is my witnuss that I didn't putan'hand upon her.' "'I looked with ia good de6. of interest upon the mian who 'could deny a crime with 'which ho ws eo.setrongly linked by ciroum. etantial evidence, -but I took him all tirhe same, and wo'll.bo theoro m Sherbrooke some time to-morroow. ISoe you to- morrow night, probably. !IHow's your ono client I" '(that wan all referring to the murder. "The noet day theo lpnple of Sherbrooke 'ereadl' perfoutly:mad. Vhen luck and hisia rc .rilo arrived, the captain wao surrounded hb. r: hrooting mob .that pelted him with op Ieo'rious epithets, and with difficulty could fbe ruatraiued from ,doing violenceo tohis ,peroun, but he bore himoelf bravely and un dinmayed ;through it all, ,Hie condunt, however, was only noted to Lsis dianrtdlit, for the citizoene could not re memberany hardened wrotch who had no boldly flaunted hi icrimo in the face of an outroged people. WVll, in duo time the grand jury was cor. voned, and hio case concidercd. Thoro waee no more doubt of his guilt in that official body than in the community at large, and he was formally indicted for the murder of Lucy Davie. Wlahn 13uak took tho nows to him in his Gell, he only eaid, •" God's will he done." Hisi perfoot resignation had by this time won on Buck's kind heart, and he inquired it he didn't wish to engage counsel to defend him at the approaching trial. 'The old captain's face brightened a little at this first faint aign of nympathy, but he replied,- . ".I thank you, friend, but I don't nced no otwyer. God knows I am innocent of this crime and 11o will prove it in his own good time." The summer had lengthened into .n early autumn; the September daye had begun to be somewhat chilly, and in all this time no nows came of my mysterious client. faveral other small cases had been con. fided to me, and thad kept tolerably buoy in the interim, but once in a while I used to get out those papers and look them over and wonder it ever I should see the little woman again. Bck neused to )o~te me unmerenlully about it (y!thoogh he was unacquainted with the 54J gparticulars) and once suggested that I w·ie a rtr?res O e tilled 'C A ilaOk lOeCyl." loe nan returnee to hlis regular work II the city, but ran down every now and then frequently on the Baturday evening train, t stay over night with mo and spend Sun any. The slight faut that his nanoee had spent' the summer months at Bherbrooke and was ',olgn~o g 1hr !.sy hhrpgh tpgb fll, I di4 Tros conmier aI imporsant as Ino louunesa for my company, so suddenly evinced, and so I ueed to tell him, but he always claimed his great interest in the Davia murder aars refused to let him sleep nights in New York, and he wanted to be out here to be near the old man in case of a mob. The day appointed for the trial of the prisoner was close at hand, when our quai: village was troubled by a new terror. One remarkably pleasant September more= ing, when the children were all on their way to school, the eastern coach stopped, a ghost deceonded, and walked leisurely with every semblance of life down the road toward the lung deserted cottage on the bcaob. As Bobby Muller conflJed to moafterward, "it was a horrible, real, liv'oB-hot." for it tried to pat-the shrinking boy on his curls, and noddr-d familiarly to several people whom it met on the way. & number of persons wore ready to sweat that this ghobt was endowed with humea passions, end that they alm1ost aso a flush of anger rise to its checks when it found the wholu town avoiding it in unconcealed terror. But it was a peraietent ghost, for it walked rtca:t. on until it reached tht garden mice, ,eaioh it found nailed up; and it developed a talkative propensity when it discovered tbe pigs running riot among the vegetables and flowers. In the voioo of the dead Lucy Davie it ox' olainmed in a peovibh tone : " That John Davis'll be the death of me yet I Lotting them penhy hogs soot ul thinges so " It is noodless to prolong tno story; the bhout was no other than my old eeoomy. .Luty Davis, whom I had firmly believed to ho Pleeping quietly itn her grave. Wh?n Bukol called upon her in search of particu Slua, she gave the following accoat in her own language: I S"I'v often give John sas, but he's never givo me no oase until that last row wo had. Then he did fire up and blaze out, leavin' iao madder'n all fury. Ie's got a tongue I with a deal o' meaurcse in it, now I tell ye. I Well, he dug out in hia sloop, an' I made up oy mindl not to tet him come home and thiriin he'd pot the beet of it, so I packed up too and walked on foot that night to Voybor, whereby nobody know me, and took the coach to hung up a aoosin o' mine that's married and settled in Vermont. 01 course I heard nothing nbout this ' body brineseo' thet they thought was me, and after my visiting streak got worn out, I started home again, but 'twas nothin' in the world but the mereat liok that brought rue o soon; my coepin Maria, sihowas a going tow do soume nuilting for tho winter, an' I'd partly pro rijsed to stay a few eeksl longer and help ihr, but Lord knows I never meant no larm to John. Theat pesky ' body ' must have stole my best ekirts and table cloths an' that v/hole set of cilver chiny that John brought ro from Djasting." STihat'e the whole story. i)Avis was, of course, instantly released from priron and the lugal proccodiing againes him ctoppcd, and after that Staerbrooks never heard of any mtore disturbanoe be. twoon the captain and his wife. S'fomolittle time afterward I was talking with the old man about the affair and all of a sudden he thrust his hand into the ca pacious pocket of his scainan's trousere andi pulled forth eomcthing which he handed to mo.. I" Here's what Lucy flaiod to-diy, out'n our old well that's dried tip," he said. SI examined tle trinket with oater into rest. It was the ramo ring, the saime fai tstio : design and .curious setting, the onamo ghastly glimmer to the stone, ttst my inystic client lad worn upon her finger that warm July nf.crnoou, two months ago. I turned it over and over. Inside, in delicate letters was inscribed "Beryl." That was all. " Did your wife find anything else?" I strovo to ask carcleosly. SLunmme see," he rolleetcd for a moment. '? 0, yeO , a suit of black mourning an' tbiak veil, thickor'n a board, I should any. Lloy gave it to Mr Johnson, and she would have let hint have thli, only I had is in my pocket." IDusk and I went to wKrk iupin the new facts of the case, aidd I eUnijdL& to himn the whole btory of my client. Wo tr.ed the ring to a Njw York pawn hhop, where it iid been plhced for s: lu by a Ccrman lady and from which place it hail been .old to a 1 wolunn-tha dteFcriptioni of whom coiIparoed alaost identically uith that of Lucy DLvis. It wans cno of' those htrasneo, mysterious r-. emrcblanic. with which oneo ieets rarely, and waia that which had so imprespcd me with an air of familial ity about my client. I wrote to the few nramoe I had posscrcion cl in the womarn's papers. lFrom some I never heard at all ; others Iknuw nothing of a woman named " Deryl oinmething," the title must have been fliu titiouc. From only one peraon did I hear an tlhiog likely to contain a shadow of the truth. T.il one wrote that a woman answering to my description was the wife of a noted EnLlilh burglar named Collingby, now dead; the woman was his clever accomplice, aiding him greatly with her ladylike air, quiet man nero and wonderful habit of gaining confi. dence nnd friendship wherever she boarded aun formed acunaintancs. But of course nothing was certain. Back dculared it was the first case upon which he hod over came olf woreted, and he returned to Novw York with his pretty wife, and felt rather diaislutd with Shorbrooke. A mystery has always brooded over the Davis cottage and the murder still remains an insolubl enigma. Fiftccn years have now elapned without any detection of the murderer. A number of articloeJ were missing from the house, and a close scrutiny showed that the strange womuan bad not only been there, bus had probably bren murdlred there during the nihit nlter Davis and his wife left. The cord found in the room had fitted the neck, and tho chloride of lime in the cellar had evidently been disturbed, whilo the house was generally disarranged. Mrs Davin's absence from thlie ouro was not known or proven until after the lindieg of the body, and its identification was so absolute that of course no searoh was made for a woman known to be dead, and Lucy herself, being in a retired spot of a distant State, had heard nothing of her supposed deathand subsequent events. My client was believed to have been one of, aparty of burglars who entered the house, I and some quarrel having arisen, shbe had been murdered by the other members of the' party, ll avo kept the ring to give to Buok's little i daughter, Beryl, when the time comes, and the papero 1 have still, eafely put away. Tuo case yet remains among the ununished police business. No human effort has ever I learned more than was discovered by the. I brute instincts of the dog, when he pawed' I the recret of the crime from the shallow grave in the dark forest. So, you see,' "1 murder will not always out." A notu d Sunday.school worker was once nasked to talk on the subject of temperance. IIu is very earnest in the cause, and wears a blue ribbon as a badge of his principles. llising before the school he pointed to his bit of blue ribbon and said: "Now, can anyof you children give ma a reason why I am not a drunkard ?" * There was no reply for a moment ; then a childish little voicu in the rear of the room piped out : " 'Caule thls i a orohlbitlon town." 