IN SUPPORT OF J. T. ANNEAR. [To the Editor.] Bib, — I notloe through tbe oolumns of the Brisbane Press tbat a dissatisfied section of the eleotors of Maryborongh ere about to call upon their senior representative to resign his position as member for tbe borough. Evi dently the ears of the few maloontent voters and non-voters jhave been tlokled by the epeolous eloquence of Mr. Powers, tbeir Junior member, wno, alive to the fact nf his own week leadership of a weak |and worthless Op. position of six, and wbo, perad venture, Is a disappointed ministerial place-holder, yet must bait tbe Ignorant and blind the intelli gent, — If he can. Considering that the eaid worthy gentleman and bis followers forsooth are so well satisfied with the aaid junior member, I beg to plaoe through tho columns of your psper a few facts before the public ef Maryborough that they will do well to con sider, before highfalutlng in the Interest of that worthy satellite of the law, or set con demning an old tried and consistent represen tative, as is ths senior member for the borough— Mr. J. T. Annear. To be brief, however, permit me to point ont to your readers that Mr. Powers, this present session, In his epetch to ths Address-fn-reply, took the Government severely to tssk over the Sugar Works Guarantee Bill, eta ting that thejr, the Government, were retarding its operation, and insinuating as muoh that Ministers were In different to the matter altogether. He (Mr. Powers) also stated that the credit of passing thst BUI through the House was due tot he Op position of six. Ghost of Ciesar I What Im pertinence. But to proceed ; permit me to show, from Mr. towers' own speech upon the said Bill while before the House last session, that out of his own mouth he condemns him self, and gives the lie direot to the statement In last year's Barnard, on page 943, Mr. Powers' called the Sugar Guarantee Bill, which he and his psrty 01 six assume to have psssed, ' a most extraordinary Bill. It would allow kites to be flown all over the oouutry oa security only half that which tbe banks would have given.' He furtheraaid ' that compound interest of 3{ per cent was not enougb.' Fur ther, aocording to Baneard , of June, 1893, page 1070, Mr. Powers moved an areendmont that ' Debentures should not he issued until application had been made to Parliament and approved of.' This amendment went to a division, 20 voting for it, including Messrs. Powers, Groom, Drake, Fogarty, Dawson, Dunsford, and other members of the Lsbour party. ¥et in tbe face of tills be said on tbe floor of the House tbls session, '-We know the Government are not in love irith the Act ; tbat could be aeen when the Bill was going through. We know It was the Opposition that passed it.' Now let the electors of Mary borough observe this strong, startliog, and killing fsot, that bad not the Government been u earnest and in love with the Act, In spite ot tbe Opposition's opposition, the sugar mills that Walkers Limited are now construc ting at Maryborough would have atill been in the problematic future ; for had Mr. Powers' amendment been carried, the grant could not have been made until after tbe application for it had gone through Parliament tnls year. Hsd this Parliament even sanctioned it, the said Sugar Works would have been delayed a twelvemonth, if not more. Now. Sir, I want the electors of the town to carefully look at this man's political chlcsnery ud weigh him in the balance. They will without doabt find him wanting. On the other hand, their senior member, Mr. Annear, who for many years has served tbe town and served it well, irrespective of the services he has given to the oountry generally, -has con tinually and consistently fought for the eetab lishment of the iron industry. He was one of the most persistent advocates — nay, if I mis take not, Mr. Aunsar made the first move in Parliament In support of all iron woik, rolling | stock, and looomotives being manufactured in the colony, the which has been and ia|now of immense advantage to Maiyborougb. He also waa one of the first to move in the timber trade, and to press the Government to encourage the use of native timbers in pre ference to tbe imported timbers of New Zealand and other ooautriee. If the electors of Maryborongh in the face of such facts as I have placed before you, pin their political faith to the Opposition of 6, and the Labour crowd of half -thought men who fill three parts of its ranks, I will be disappointed in the mental calibre and political grit I have hitherto believed them to possess. Adventurers, Kliticians, and time serving mindless would leaders of cliques, wbo believe tbemselvee born to redeem the world must and should find their level ifn the sloughs of despond and dirt from which their nnsavonry imaginations have evolved — I am, eto., Ah Old Mimbeb of the Qoeehslahd.Pbo teotioh League. 