CRUMBS PROM THE "AUTO CRAT'S" TABLE. Rev. H. R- Haweis chats very pleasantly in the' Young Man on his personal acquaintance ship with Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes. He tells of three and a half hours spent, during his English visit of 1888, in the "Autocrat's" j company, along with Bishop Ellicotb and Dr. j Samuel Smiles:—The talk wandered freely over all Sorts -of fields—literary and scientific and social—until it got entangled inevitably in *' occultism"—ghosts, double psychic pheno-1 mena—on all whiSh questions the bishop keeps a singularly fair and open mind. Talking of brain-waves, Oliver Wendell Holmes went off in his best style.. "I think we are all uncoil- j soiously conscious of each other's bram-wavesl at times; the fact is, words and even signs are a very poor sort of language compared with the direct telegraphy between eouIs. The mistake we make is to- suppose that the soul is circumscribed and imprisoned by the body. Now the truth is, I believe, I extend a good way outside my body; well, I should say at least three or four feet all round, and so do you, and it is our extensions that meet. Before , words pass or we shake hands, our souls have exchanged impressions, and they never lie; not but what looks count for something." Hearing. Mr. Haweis lecture at Boston, the old man gave- a glimpse of the infancy of the; American institution of lecturing, which sheds light on his younger days:—"You Btar lec turers." he added, "who come over here now and pocket your hnndreds and thousands of dollars, little know what we poor fellows, the pioneers of art .and letters in America, had to go' through. I assure you, when I began, ■ and Emerson and ' Theodore Parker, there were places in the states calling themselves oivilised, that did not know what was meant by a lecture. I have arrived at a sohoolroom or hall on the night and found it.empty, and we have had to send out and whip up ian audience;~ ' and so we went up and down the land, trying to get a hearing for poetry, literature, art, science, tramping on foot too when we could not get a conveyance. Well I.r6member. arriving at a. lone, forsaken place after travelling all day, and at last walk ing aoross fields-in the mud to get there in time, and finding it wbs the wrong day. Another time'the committee waited on meat the close, the attendance having been un commonly thin, and asked me to lower my fee. Well, those were good days all the same; we were young then ; and then, when you did get your fee, the joy and content of sitting in the sanded parlor of the village or- town inn with your, feet on* the mantel- piece, and rattling the dollars in your .trouser pockets, so hardly earned !" ' ' . A touching story of Emerson in his latest days was told by Dr. Holmes—"After Long fellow died he wad laid in the chapel on a bier, his face was exposed, and numbers 'of his friends went in to take a last look. Emerson was" at that time failing—his memory was almost gone—bub as he had been so intimate with us for so many years, I thought I would take him into the chapel. As we were both silently contemplating onr dead friend, -Emerson turned to me and Eaid, ' That is the face of a very amiable gentle man, but I don't know who it is.' This," remarked Holmes, " was very interesting, as well as very touching. It showed that, although his memory was gone, his perceptive and intuitive powers, and a certain instinctive judgment of character, all remained un impaired to the end." Walt Whitman, on being told this incident, did nob think it sad. He said—"Emerson's decline always seemed to me quits harmonious: This slowly sinking back into the arms of mother nature when one's work is done^-and well done—it is like the decay and slow decrease of fruit-bearing capaciby of an old apple tree in a great orchard; at last the old tree crumbles away, and sinks naturally into the soil from whence it sprang." 