AMUSEMENTS. The final performance by the Liliputian Opera Company of the Christmas pantomime "Ali Baba, or the Forty Thieves" took place at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening in 1 the presence of a fairly large andienoa, The youngst—s were accorded a good reception, and entered into their work with a spirit that was fully appreciated. This evening there will be a change of programme, when last year's pan tomime "Aladdin" will be presented with all the -original soanery and stage appointments 1 wmoh secured it? snoeess an its first produc tion. New eon— and dances will be intro duced and a crowded house may be antici pated. Mes—s. Norman _ McLean's dramatic oom pany will inaugurate asoanon of drama at the Theatre Royal on Saturday next, when "Cinders.? a sensational play, written by Miss Blanche Lewis, will be presented. The com pany includes a number of namea. new to Ade laide, amongst them being Miss Alice May, Miss Bella Adair, Little Ivy Bcotfc. and Me—te. C. Keightley, H. Ashtoo, J. H. Kennedy, J. Ellis, A. King, R. Whyta, A. James, C. Emery, W. Barlow, and R. Cecil. Mr. Albert Norman and Mies Blanche Lewis require no introduction to Adelaide playgoers. The season will last three weeks, during which "Storm and Sunshine" and "Shoulder to I Shoulder," two dramas new to Adelaide, will be staged. There was a fair attendance at the Bijou Theatre on Monday evening; when Saturday's bill, jt.nlndi.ig the farce "Id on Parie Fran c—a" and the extravaganza "The Happy Man" again met with a favorable recaption. Mr. J. P. OTveill in the latter piece eucaeeded in keeping the audience amused, and the other members of the company gave capable support. The same bill will be repeated this evening. A capital programme baa been arranged for Wednesday's •• Continental," when Miss Amelia Banks will make ber only appearance at these concerts. Miss Banks will nine tha celebrated Ave Maria adapted to Mascagin's intermezzo from "CavaUeria Rustiaana," while Mr. Phil Langdale and Mr. Fred. Smith will also contribute instrumental and vocal music. A popular programme of promenade music will be carried out by the Militia Band, and arrangements have been made that if the weather prevents the Exhibition garden? from being used the main hall of the building will be brought into inquisition. Captain Basse has been singularly unfortunate this season, but with a return of fine weather the " Con tinentals" will again prove the attraction of i the city. The committee of the Deutsoher Forteehritts Verein are noted for providing plenty of amusement in the shape of conoerts and balls for their members, and in order that the younger as well as the elder portion of their community might obtain a form of enjoyment suitable to their taste* % grand juvenile enter tainment, entitled, "The Perplexed Soldier," and detailing with song and dance accompani ment the miafortunes of a mountain elf, was given in the society's rooms on Monday evening. The stage was tastefully decanted, and this withthe picteresqueness of the dresses of the performers bad a most pleasing effect. The hall was crowded with an appreciative at tendance, and the various eongs and danoes were greeted with much applause. The fol lowing ladies and gentlemen took part :—The Misses Golds—orthy, Simmons, Rudemann, Senate, Rogers, Cook; Lawton, Anderson, ILamaee, Daebritz, Franke, Holcram, Poll bam, Berty, Ziel, and Zimmer, and He—en Simmons and Metz. Selections were played by the Bavarian Band, and He— i\ Engel bardt acted as pis—ist. A douce, which was much enjoyed and was kept up until the early hours of the morning, brought the entertain ment to a close. An additional attraction will be provided at the Cyclorama this evening in the form of " HydatapikUumina," or the "Laughing Waters," which should prove to be an excel lent production considering the expanse that has been gone to. The ghost of Napoleon will alao be produced. 