THE HOUSE WITH THE RED DOOR. RY T. BARON RUSSELL. SET foot in the porob of the House with the Red Door, and thus at a step (without know | ing it) became a mark for the curiosity of the whole suburb. A gaunt woman, dressed IB? like a house keeper, etood in the doorway motioning, and I followed her in obedienoe. The bare boards of the hall creaked under me, and I oarried my hat upstairs for want of any thing to stand it upon. The houBe, in truth, appeared dismantled. At the third floor, however, the woman opened a door, and showed me my patient, huddled in blenketB before a mean fire. I noticed that the floor was littered with many books. As I entered he turned ebarply. " Who are you ?" he asked, " I am the doctor." "Tut, tut, young man,"he replied, queru lously, " I know that. What kind, of doutor, I want to know. Where did you learn medi oine? Who taught you? Who vouches for you ? How am I to know that you will not poison and rob me ?" "This is no way to oonsult," I answered. "You sent for me ; there is an older medioal man in the place. Call him in; and quickly— for to my mind you need treatment. WE WERE ALONE TOGETHER. I glanoed towards the door. It was olosed, and we were alone together. He extended a veined hand, wrinkled, spare, and olawlike. "Your pardon," he sa<d, "I was unman nerly. Prcsoribe for me then. I believe in you." The keen eyes, never for an instant still, regarded me furtively from under their heavy brows. I touohed hie wrist, asking a few questions. Something he Baid startled me out of my professional reserve, and he noticed (to my chagrin) my involuntary glanoe. "I have been a student," he said, "of phyBio, among Bome other thingB. I have learned enough, anyway" (he paused), "not to dootor myself, or I shouldn't have" "called you in," he had been about to add ; but without finishing, he burst into a torrent of abuse against my senior confrere in the suburb, Dr. Benson, who had, as it appeared, formerly attended him. "Tell his patients the truth about him,"he said, " and you'll have his prastioe at your feet." " It is not my aim to trade like a huoketer," I replied, "and, by your leave, I am not here to help you abuse a oolleague. Come, control yourself, man 1 If you fly into theBe heats the College of Surgeons oan't cure you. Keep quiet until I see you to-morrow; meantime I will send you a sedative." "No—not to-morrow—next day." he re plied quickly. Then (with one of his rare glanoes) "Do you think I'm a millionaire, man? There—don't be angry," and he motioned me from the room. I was little reluotont to leave him. Immediately ontside, in a high wioker work chair, fiat the lean housekeeper, startling me; but before she oould rise I was recalled. My patient was standing up, and half a guiues lay before him, thrown on the bedquilt. He had evi dently not wished me to see whenoe he took it. I shrugged my shoulders and left him, oom in hand. He seemed to ohuokle as I closed the door; perhaps he expeoted that I should have demanded more. "I will send your master somemedioine," said I, as the woman led me down the oreak ing etairs. She took no notioe whatever of the remark, but unbarred the door and closed it quiokly behind me, shooting the bolts. " Certainly," said I, " that house should have something valuable inside to need all this care; it looks shabby enough from without. It was a large double-winged building in brown brick, perhaps of -the early Vioturi&n; period, and stood well book from the road. A huge, flat-topped oedar grew within the fence, which was broken down in two plaoeB; and rank weeds pushed thickly between the stones of what had been a gravelled oarriage drive. to the poroh. Looking book at the bouse, one saw that this, too, had been ill oared for. A huge oraok meandered down the briokworkof the right wing, wbioh was almost tuinouB; the windows of the lower floors were broken, dirty, and oobwebbed, and one of them had been shuttered from within with rough planking. The porob, wbioh was of stuooo, onoe white, was now streaked and green-stained by the drippings from a fungus that had found lodgment on its coping. Only the door, with its Staring red, gave a touch of distinotion to the place. A butcher's boy whistled shrilly as I walked through the sagging gate, and stared open-mouthed at me. Then he began to run, turning to stare again as he passed, on the road to the suburb, or village, as we oalled it— an old, sleepy plaoe that had Btood still, to be gradually approached by ever- growing London, until it, too, hodoome to be regarded as an outlying pieoe of the metropolis. 1208 I A suburb like this, before any village, for gossip! My landlady knew all about my movements ere I reaobed home. " Hoping you'll exouse the liberty, Dr. Blenkarn," she said, swell ing with curiosity, '.'but you're the first man— gentleman, I mean" (she ohanged the phruae), " that has seen the maide of old Mr. demon's house this thirty years." "Indeed," I answered. "And may I ask -you who told you that I had seen it ?" "Bless you, sir," she replied. " Every one in the place knows that you've been there, ! seeing what is said of the honse." She waited j for an answer, but getting none, continued, I "And, making so bold, might I ask if you | saw Mr. Semon, sir." " Saw him," I replied, curtly, "of coursB I saw him. He's not invisible, I beliove. Why 1" " Nobody, unless it's Dr. Benson once and again, haB seen bun for thirty years—since the time bis brother Raymond robbed him and ran away, and be shut up tbe house, along with bimBelf and his deaf and dumb housekeeper tbat fotohes and carries every thing for him." Deaf and dumb! Then this explained the odd behaviour of the wom&D;, and her chair outside his door. He oould not oall her, eo she must needs sit within reach. " He is a miser, so they say," resumed my landlady; "but it is supposed that his brother carried off a good deal. I was a girl then, sir, though you mightn't think it" (as if it was a prodigy for a girl to grow into an old and very talkative woman in»thirby years!) " and courting at the time; consequently I remember it. Stylish lie was, too, and lavish, was Mr. Raymond Semon, not mean like his brother, which was always a miser as long as I can mind. But muoh will have more, and one day, no one knowing it, off Mr. Raymond • popped, and this Mr. Semon, he shut bim self up in tbat house, end let it fall to pieces, j a'most, being too mesn to spend a penny on it, and too suspioious, maybe, to have a work man in the ploae; but no one will go near it now, anyway, because it's haunted. The folk will like to hear what you think of it, sir." She concluded with this broad hint, having failed to pump me so far. I turned in my "chair. " My good soul," I said, "it is muoh to be hoped that your excellent neighbours do not expect a doctor to explore their neighbours' Jrivaoy for them in this way ; for in that oase am like to disappoint them. And you will be good enough, Mrs. Moon," I added, sternly, " not to question me again about my patients 1" I felt my own growing anger and stopped; and the landlady withdrew, looking away. Next evening I found' a note on my table, signed "Ferdinand Semon," requesting, as a marked improvement had set in, that I would not oall again. At. the time I thought it strange; but, sufficiently oontent with the termination of my relations with the miser, I troubled myself very little about him, among all the worries and anxieties of a young prac tice. It is not to be understood, however, tbat I failed to hear of the House with the Red | Door. The plaoe appeared to be a oentre for all the local superstition, and I had to laugh again and again at the question whether I really believed it to be haunted; and, if nob, how I aooounted for this, that, and the other pieoa of ignorant marvel-mongering. Now, it was my fate to solve the mystery of the House with the Bed Door. I say fats, beoause, in all seriousness, Fate seemed to have seleoted me for tms purpose. One winter's night, not long before Christmas, I had to drive out quickly to an aooident—a man had fallen on some slippery steps and fraotured hiB thigh—and it was past midnight when I started baolr, with my groom, in a dog-cart. We would have to pass the house ou the way home. It stands at a lonely spot on the London-road. _ Half-moon-Iane, a solitary and rather digressive roadway, turns off from the turnpike a few furlongs above it, leading home also, but by a detour. On the night in question my man, who was driving, turned the horse's head here. " What's the matter?" I asked, etopping | him. "Hasn't Tommy, and haven't you, had enough for to-night, as it is ?" "Can't pub a boss past the Red Door this time o' night, air," answered the man, in ] exaotly the tone he would have employed if 1 had proposed to drive up a preoipioe. " What next! Do you think Tommy as big a fool as yourself?" I replied. "Oome, give me the reins!" He muttered, but obeyed, remarking that a j "boss" might be able to see more'n a man some nights; be bad "beared" some rum things. This annoyed me. I was particularly siok of the looal tattle; not an old woman or fooliBh man on my books bad failed to weary me with teles of old Semon's red doored house and its terrors—the noises that I oame from it at dead night, the speotral lights tbat flashed in the ruined wing, the ohains J that olauked ou the garden—and so forth. Deoidedly, I redacted, the imaginative gentle men who write ghost stories for the Annuals J have muoh gratuitous lying to answer for in obeouro plaoes. You peroeive tbat I bad never j i seen a gliOBt. The horse made the effort I asked of him, and rattled briskly over the frosty road. The oedar in front of the bouse began to define its graceful silhouette—a sombre landmark. My man fidgeted as, in a few minutes, the | house itself oame into full view, and I let the horse slacken a little, that the superior animal might have an opportunity to be aBhamed of j I his folly. I The shadow of the great tree involved us suddenly in dense blaokness for a moment, [ and in that moment there oame from the | ruined wing, clear aoross the night silence, a sound — low, but unmistakable, and indes cribably eerie—a sound whioh no one who beard it oould ever mistake or forget. The groom wrenobed my arm convulsively, the horse ewerved and struok the gate violently, and we were almost overturned. I threw the reins to tbe man—be was livid with fear—and leaped out of the dog-cart to peer over the j fenoe. The garden was quite still, but sud denly tbe sound was repeated, freezing mo for an instant; then all was still again, with a silence perhaps moro terrifying than the dreadful sound itself. The house stood clear in the. cold moonlight—with every orevioe visible, but showing no faintest sign of life. All at ouos I notioed what garo me a fresh chill. The red door had disappeared, and ,in its place there bung a pall of intense blaokness— , a darkness liko night itself, I was rapidly growing demoralized. Hesi tating, fear would have stayed me. But, ooward as I felt, I wne not so muoh a ooward but tbat I oould determine to solve this i mystery, and I oroBsed the rank grass to the j poroh, peering. The red door was wide open—it was, then, the intense darkness of the ball tbat had frightened me like a bogey. I oould hear only my own breathing, which oame hard and palpitant. Then from the silent house oame J a metallic click, and the nBxt moment a tall j sombre figure appeared in the passage. In a moment 1 was master of myself. It was demon, who approached me with a falter- [ ing step. "What do you want at this hour?" be! asked, breathlessly, and. I could see that he j was grey with terror. I CROSSED THE RANK GRASS TO THE TOBCH. "Why, man, to help you,"I answered,as cheerily ue I oould, " I saw your door open and heard a cry. What i«" He interrupted me, barring my way to the houae. "There wasnoory,"heaaid, "I—I— wanted—that ie, I was just shutting up—it's rather late, you know I" Late! It was 1 in the morning, and the thermometer at 24° t Certainly no time for an old man to be perambulating the house. He was, besides, quite evidently lying—and then the sound I I was determined, however, to enter the house, and I moved a step nearer the trem bling figure that faoed me, Hie teeth, olenohed hard, obattered in aplts of him. The situation was a weird one—the lone houae, the sound, the dense blackness of the hall, the miaer moving in the dark, and his atark terror, eo ill- oonoealed. I feared for an instant that he would fall at my feet, but ho collected himself by a wonderful effort, and stared me in the faoe with glassy eyes. "Come, you are ill and afraid," I said, "Let me help you. My man shall drive home, and I will ootne in with you and see you through the night. Wait only an instant, &od; I will return." I nodded reassuringly, and running to the gate sent the groom home, nothing loth—hot without a Btinging admonition of the demerits of oowardioe ringing in hie ear. When I reorossed the garden to my intense astonishment the red door was oloeed, the house dark, ailent, and signless. Hammer and kiok as I would I oould get no answer; shout as I would I awakened only eoboes. I even tried to break down the door with my shoul der, but it wae tightly barred, and massively strong, and after half an hour's fruitless irrita tion 1 was fain to slink home, wondering whether I was nob really the victim of some aoouraed hallucination that had lured me thue into unseemliness and folly. At breakfast, however, theae doubts evaporated, and 1 determined that I would walk at onoe to the house with the red door and eee whether the miser needed help. If nob, I would demand an explanation, for though he had doubtless a perfeot right to shut the door in the faoe of an uninvited visitor it was a oourtesy that I had little etomaoh for, I had Boarcely eaten, however, when Mrs. Moon oame up with the news that the deaf and dumb woman was below in a state of ixiuoh excite ment and evidently in searoh of me. I had the woman sent up, dismissing the reluotant landlady. No written message was brought by the woman, but by her signs I was made aware that the old man urgently needed aid, and I set out hurriedly with her. The miser was in bed, fearfully pale, and in eevere collapBe, bub he revived after a while and opened his eyee. He was clearly suffering from a heavy mental shook, and, though per fectly rational now, in a state of excitement which might at any moment develop into acute dementia. He would not Bpeak, exoepb to proteet that he was quite well and had nob senb for me; but I foroed a little brandy down his throat, and by promising to charge no fee for the visit (a consideration whioh, ae I judged, would have greater weight with him than any other that oould be urged), suooseded in calming him. The one idea in his mind seemed to get rid of me, and I finally left him, determined in my own mind to oall at once on Dr. Benson, and if possible find out with his aid who had a right to take charge of the patient. The housekeeper met me in the hall with a wistful look of enquiry, and I was endeavour ing by signs bo convey this idea to her mind when a rustle in one of the rooms startled me. I pointed interrogatively that way, bnt she shook her head and intimated that the room in question wae empty and disused. Never theless, I felt so certain that I had heard stealthy footsteps that I approached the door. I STOOPED TO THE KEYHOLE* It waa looked and had no key in it. I stooped to the keyhole, when oa a eudden I found old Uemon at my elbow in his nightshirt, his eyes staring with terror as he tried to drag me away. "Good heavens, man ; would yon kill your self ?"I cried. *' Go baok to bed if you" "For heaven's sake," he interrupted me with a piteous woil, "Go! Do not insist on searching out the nameless misery of this house. I will »five you a hundred pounds in gold at this minute if you will go and not return. Before heaven there is nothing to eee. Urns poor man, and, I think, a dying one. it or the lore of meroiful heaven let me dieinpeaoa." He shivered and groaned besule me. Then before I oould apeak the house was shaken by a loud oonoustion in that very room, and I heard onoe more, but more distinctly, the sound which had come from the house as I crossed the garden the night before. At last I knew and recognised it—how had I even failed to do bo?—and shaking off the misers hand I burst open the door with my shoulder Bnd rushed into the room. It was perfeotly dark, and the wind from the open door raised a dense cloud of dust. Striking a match I looked for what I knew I must find there. But, found, the thing I sought struck me dumb with amazement. On the floor, froth ing at tuo lips, and oonvulsed with the throes of a fearful fit, wbb a tall man. I bad reoog nised the oharacteristio groan of epilepsy as he fell. But for euoh a figure as presented itself in the fitful light of the mstoh I was not prepared. He was fearfully emaciated, and a white beard, enormously grown, almost oovered bis oheet. His white hair lay long on the dark floor, and in the last flutter of the wax match I saw that he was unshod and half naked, the clothes dropping in rags from about hi« limbs. 'Then—darkness again, until I dragged him into the ball, and with the help of the dumb aud astOQjfibed bousekeoper sought to revive him and restrain biB oon vulsive struggles. Soon, as I had expected, the oentraoted muscles relaxed and he fell back motionless on my arm. The miser watofaed us-intently, but without epeeoh or motion, during the few teoonds oocupied by all this. I had all but forgotten him in the excited amazement of the moment; but now i turned and Bternly demanded an explanation. Deaf to my words, but obeying my look, he walked into the sunlight that fell across the hall, and stood by the epileptio, gazing curiously at him and looking at his laboured breathing. At length he turned, looked me in the face for an instant, and then, on a sodden, began to laugb a ohildisb, empty laugh. Then I knew that any question would be useless. He submitted quietly to bo led upstairs and got into bed at my bidding. I wedged the window tightly, removed everything with which he oould do himself hurt, and took the liberty to lock him in his bedroom. Dr. Bonton, on whom I oallod at onoe, readily aooompanied me to the house, and together we awaited the waking of the man I had found, We procured a crowbar, and broke op°n the shutters of the dark room. They bad been seoqjed by huge and now rusted nails. The room itself was inde scribably filthy, and contained only a wooden stool, a tinplate, a mug of water, and vast quantities of dust. We had it partially ewept, and rigged up a low oouob, on. whioh we laid the patient. He opened his eyes on this being done, but quickly oloBed them again, with a ory of pain, and attempted to shield himself from the light with biB hands, Benson nodded to me. "Intense photophobia from long seclusion in darkness," he said. " We must soreen the window. You may depend upon it there has been some infernal I vihainy here, Blenkarn!" The patient, now that only a little light was i permitted to enter, allowed himself to be fed, in perfect silonoe, staring at ns the while, but ' takingno notioa whatever of our questions. We tried him with several foreign languages! I and with Greek and Latin, but without effect, i At last Dr. BenBon conceived an expedient whioh proved successful. A pencil and paper were plaoed in the stranger s hands, and ae felt them all over, like a blind man, a look of puzzled reoogmtion, indescribably pathetic to see, flitting aorose hie face. I olosed h;s fingers on the pencil, and caused him to mark the paper. He scribbled aimlessly for a few moments, but finally drew himself more ereot, and with a sudden look of intelligence, giving great beauty to the emaoiated features, wrote these words— Raymond Hbnbv Semon, and then paused. "By the Lord !" cried Benson, " I know h'm now. It is old Seuon's brother—sup posed to have run away! That old devil upstairs has bad him looked up here all these years for the sake of his money! I never thought of this!" The rest ia soon told. Raymond Semon was removed to Dr. Benson's house, clothed and oared for, and nursed, and before the Christmas Day oaue round he spoke, and, though still unable (as he is to this day) to bear any. strong light, he proved to be per fectly rational, and was able to tell his story. He remembered, he said, that as a young man be had frequent quarrels with bis brother oti money matters. Ferdinand was intensely _ avaricious, and jealous of his brother's inheritance. One night be lured j hitn into the dark room, suddenly ehuttiug and looking the door upon him. | " All ories and efforts to escape." continued the unhappy man, "were in vain,"and he , was kept without) food or water for (as he ! believed) many days. The house was silent and seemed to be empty—as, indeed, it was, Ferdinand Semon, Dr. Benson remembered, having dismissed his servants suddenly, and gone alone to London, in searob, as he pre tended, of bis brother, who, he said, had robbed him of nearly all he possessed. He returned with the deaf and dumb woman, who alone from that time entered or left the bouse. After a while," Raymond oontinued, food was ttiruat into the door, but always and only at night—light I was never per mitted to see, and the close oonfinement to whioh I was eubjeoted brought about the re turn of a malady from whioh I suffered a little in early life, and my brother, who seems to have listened pretty olossly tor my falling, must sometimes have slipped into the room while I was uuoonsoious, for on awakening it ooourred frequently that I would find a medioine-glass pressed to my lips. But he never spoke or showed me a light, and before the stupor of the attack bad time to pass be would be gone again. "On the ocoasion of Dr. Blenkarn'e un expected visit the other night I must have bad a_severe seizure, for I was frequently un conscious during the next few hours, though able to stand at intervals. The attack must, therefore, have been exneptionally violent, and my brother (to whom my death would have been a considerable embarrassment, on aooount of the diffioulty of disposing of a body) probably unfastened the doors in order to admit more sir. It is to (bis (and to your skilled oare)," be added graoefully, "that I owe my deliverance." We had to remove the miser, raving, to the oounty asylum, in a straight jaoket, and he died a few months later. His brother lives, a 1 venerable and honoured figure, the delighted I playmate of all the neighbouring children, wiio climb his knee and peer into his large dark epeotaoIeB, tbeir light footsteps and J nappy fsoes alone continuing to haunt, with turn, the onoe dreaded preoinots of the House with the Red Door. 1 