MY OLD DEAR. The farm was shrouded in November twi- light and had a forlorn air, but this was by no means an air of unthrift or neglect. A typical Ohio farm-house of the better sort, with evergreen crowded front yard and out- buildings stretching away from the rear, dimly outlined itself against a hilly back- ground. The hired man came from the barnyard with two frothing pails of milk, and was met at the side doorstep by a stranger who had laboured with the front knocker in vain. "Good evening," said the stranger. "Howdy-do ?" responded the hired man. "Does Mr. John Thomas live here ?" "Yes, sir." "Is he at home ?" " He can't very well be anywhere else," re- plied the hired man with an explanatory grin. "He's been helpless since a year ago last August, and can't go nowhere unless he's carried out. I 'tend to the business of the farm for the old folks." " My business is with him, not with the farm," said the stranger. "Step right into the house, then," invited the hired man, himself leading the way with his pails of milk. "Aunt Susan," he an- nounced in the familiar tone of one who feels the dependence of his employers, "here's a gentlenman to see uncle. The clean kitchen, bright with lamplight, and preparations for a country supper, held nothing else as heartening as the old woman who turned from her cooking-range. Her ripples of grey and auburn hair, patient blue eyes, and trim, active figure, won the young man, though he tried to regard her with callous indifference. She took him into an inner room where a table was spread at the elbow of an old man propped in an easy-chair. It was a comfort- able room, full of pleasant living, and signs of such opulence as an aged agricultural couple might care for. On the mantel over the log fire stood a deliberate clock and two vases of those mummies known as winter bouquets. Locked in the calm of paralysis, the use- less farmer met and resisted that approach- ing stranger's gaze. A lamp burned in the middle of the table. It showed every cast- iron line of the invalid's grizzled face. His weakness became on a sudden his strength. He took refuge in it and covered himself with it from the vengeance he recognised coming out of the past in search of him. "Dear, here's somebody come to see you," said the old wife, bestowing this delight upon her husband and a chair upon the stranger. "The neighbours have all been so good, but it isn't often we have a stranger to our house now. I think it's so much better for Dear to see folks," she confided to the young man, "than to sit alone in his affliction." Her caller stood by the hearth, declining a seat, and holding his hat. He was a hale, blonde man, carrying with him the air of the busy world. Success had already set confi- dence in his face. He was a power confront- ing that wrecked old man, for whom he could feel no more pity than one gives a badly crushed snake. "We don't eat in the kitchen since Dear had his stroke," apologised the old wife, her mind half lingering with her dishes on the range., "It's handier for him to have the table here. I'll bring them right in, and you'll sit by and take supper with us." "No thanks." The stranger took a paper from his breast pocket and unfolded it. "My business is brief. I came to hand this docu- ment, copied from one I retain, to Mr. John Thomas." "If it's a note or deed," said the wife, I'll read it to him. Dear can't hold anything in his hands now." She took her spectacles from a work- basket, and coughed and reached for the paper. The young man put it behind him with a flashing action of the muscles surprising to himself. The firelight made her mild spec- tacles glare. "This is a business matter," he apologised, blushing. The old man sat like a sphinx, and left his innocent and tender guardian to encounter his fate. "Well, maybe you would rather read it to Dear yourself," she suggested. "I would, if he must have it read to him." "Are you a lawyer?" she inquired timidly. "I am. Perhaps I forgot to mention that my name is Eugene Laplace." " Seems to me I have heard the name somewhere." "Your husband has. It is a name he knew well twenty years ago in the West. My father was his partner." "There, now, Dear," cried the lovely old woman, "company has been sent to us for this Thanksgiving ! I knew we wouldn't have to sit down to our turkey by ourselves, if we are a lone couple. You'll take supper, of course. And where is your horse ?" "I walked here from the hotel in your little town," explained the young man. "It isn't far." "Dear won't have the son of his old part- ner stop at any tavern," she remonstrated. "We can send the hired man for your things, and you'll stay right where you are. Beds ain't so scarce in this house that a friend's child can't sit down and stay." The young man folded his paper and put it back in his pocket. "I will call again," he said, in a blunder- ing manner unusual to him, and his anxious hostess, seeing that he desired to get out, in- dicated the front entrance, and mindful of dignity, conducted him herself into the chill hall. She shut the sitting room door and leaned against a panel, her figure collapsing downwavrd. A fan-light, shaded by green paper, threw ghost- lines on her face in the dark. Upstairs the wind had found some crack through which it uttered a mournful cry. Laplace stood still, feeling that he could not open the front door and escape, leaving the sweet old woman sobbing. "I don't often break down so," she said, clearing her face with her apron. " It was thinking how different you see Dear from the way your father saw him. He was such a a fine figure, and so respected. They made him Justice of the Peace, and he could have been elected County Recorder–and there he has to sit before folks now like a dummy. O my Dear–-my poor old Dear !" "Don't cry," said Laplace, hoarsely, from his throat. "My mother used to cry like that, after my father died." "Is she living?" No. "She also died when I was a child." "You would be such a comfort to her. Our boy would have been a man grown, and how I could depend on him now! I thought that was trouble–-to have his little face nailed up from my sight. But when Dear was struck down and made a living corpse"–-she covered her face with her hand and shook. ...r.,as some one here to take on, and my vittles on the stove and Dear needing me. I came out to urge you'll take your dinner here to-morrow. You know Dear can't speak. I have to be nice for him. He can't invite his friends, no matter how much he wants them. We would take it so kind." "If I can," promised the young man, des- perately, "I will come." " Dear will enjoy it so much. He used to be the prettiest talker ! He could argue down anybody in a controversy. I always have this to comfort me––there never was a man of more upright character than he was before the affliction. He lived without a blemish." "But you will spoil him with indulgence now," said the lawyer, trying to smile. Her sincere and anxious face received the suggestion. "Yes, he's a husband and baby both to me now. If he was of a size to bundle up and carry around, it would ease my feelings. What was the paper you wanted to read to him? If you leave it with me, I can read it when I'm reading him an evening chapter." "It can wait–-it doesn't matter," said Laplace, opening the front door. "There's some promise of snow to-night." "Yes, and you better turn your collar up around your ears. Come early to-morrow. We can't get out to the preaching." Perplexity deepened in the young man's face as he trudged into the town, and con- tinued to deepen after he had shut himself in his chaumber of the rural inn. A box stove with its length of red-hot pipe and a stooping ceiling bounded his restless striding. A coarse, home-made carpet failed to muffle his steps. A kerosene lamp revealed him with his hair over his face gnawing his moustache. "I'm not a fool," he said aloud. "I'm not going to have justice knocked off the track by a little sentiment. My mother suffered from the act of that old rascal. My father died of it. I grew up in poverty that he made. I could have read the accusation straight out to his old image–-his condition doesn't touch me a bit: But he has that woman set up in front of him; I have to pierce through her to get at the old thief. His past blameless life is her comfort now! What would she do if she saw this !" Taking from his breast an old paper, hav- ing a broken red wafer on parts where it had been joined, he lighted and chewed a cigar, and sat down nearer the lamp. This docu- ment was the original of the paper he had attempted to deliver. It was a statement made by Laplace's father just before death, and had been sealed up against the boy's twenty-fifth year. It specified how many head of cattle John Thomas had robbed his sick partner of, how many thousands of dol- ars not his own he had absconded with; it contained affidavits of witnesses, and indi- cated the part of the country from which John Thomas had come, and from which his movements might be traced after the lapse of years. The young lawyer had identified his man. He had the spoiler of his father's fortune, the oppressor of his mother and his child- hood, where he could blast the man's repu- tation and strip him of all he owned. He rose up and walked the room again, while his watch ticked the hours. Suddenly, after midnight, he opened the stove and dropped both watered document and copy in. They flared up and turned to ghostly parchment, showing written char- acters for a moment, and then melting down and becoming nothing. He replaced the stove lid and threw his arms wide. "I won't take revenge on any woman. My father never meant it that way. My mother and my wife would think me less a man if I took my rights through the anguish of an innocent creature like that one. I'm young, I can work for my family. The Lord Almighty may punish old Dear, and I'll do without my money." Upon that he went to bed, and slept the sleep which hardship teaches to her nurse- lings, until the landlord pounded at his door about dawn. "What's afire ?" asked Laplace, sitting up in the nipping air. "Thomas's hired man's come after you," said the muffled voice of the landlord, "to take you out to their place." "I'm not going out to their place," re- sponded the young man. "I'm going on the first train. You tell him to tell Mrs. Thomas I have an engagement. I can't take dinner with her to-day." "I guess you'll have to go," urged the landlord. "The old fellow's had another stroke, and he's dead." The hired man, waiting solemnly with a democrat waggon and brisk team, informed Laplace that the undertaker had already gone out, and the house was full of neigh- bours. They spun along the frosty road, winter twilight still holding the woods and fields under its pall. The young man did not know what was ex- pected of him or how to behave, but as he entered the house and the weeping woman came to meet him, he took her in his arms. He comforted her as if she had been his mother. "Oh ! how blessed it is to have you here," said the trembling creature, "and it's been a comfort to me every time I thought of it, this awful night. My head is so poor it never came into my mind last night that you were the heir. And Dear, he couldn't speak. I have my dower all fixed, but Dear ex- piained it to me long ago that he had deal- ings with your father that made him want to leave his property that way, seeing we had no children. You ought to have spoke out plainer. And your name--I knew it was in the will–-but I forgot. And now he's gone from us! The best husband and most up- right man that ever lived !" When she could control her weeping, she took Laplace into the awful sanctum, and showed him what was yet her most precious possession. He looked at the grizzled face which had settled all scores with home, and hoped sin- cerely that the spirit of John Thomas would receive forgiveness from his Maker. But he prayed for himself that if he should ever be stretched dead before the woman he loved, she might believe in him with better belief, might stroke his hair and adore him with her eyes, and say over and over and over again--" My Dear! My own sainted Dear !" \--Mary Hartwell Catherwood. 