STORY PACE. v , „ NOW Wliar JUBLWHED. A Country Sweetheart all abmnslisd eights reserved. CHAPTER XXXYII.— (CoiUimwil) IIT DORA RUSSELL, Author or t" Fobtiirints iu tlic Snow," "The Broken ' Seal," "The Track of the Storm," "Tho Vicar's Governess," "The Last Signal," "His Will and Hers," &e.; And so the quiot dreary months drifted 'away, and May stayed on at St. Philip's Hospital, and only Ralph Webster knew she was there. Of John Tomple, Webster heard nothing, except that one day, whop Christmas was passed and gone, ire acci dentally mot Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, who told him smilingly that he had had si visit from the actress, Miss Kathleen "Weir. 'She had beard somehow,' ho said, ' that Mr. John Temple is now heir to his uncle's estates, and she therefore wished her allowance increased. Rut I put her off, my dear 6ir, .1 put her off ; quite time enough when Mr. John 'i'omplo does succeed.' ' And where is Mr. John Temple now ?' asked Webster. ' He is abroad ; he went abroad shortly after I had the visit from Miss Kathleen "Weir, and ho looks shockingly ill, really (shockingly ! I wish, f am sure, ho may live to come into his inheritance.' ' What sort of muu is ho ?' ' lie used to bo a remarkably nice fol low ; pleasant, and rather philosophical in fact. But whun I saw him last lie had a most shattered appearance, like a man who had gone through some great mental 1 (strain, or bauily illness. I fancy you know, Mr. Webster,' added the little man, shaking his head, ' that that early and unfortunate marriage of his has .been a most tremendous worry to him. At least when 1 mentioned. Miss "Weir having called at my offices ho (scowled, and muttered something about wishing he lmd never soon her face, lie may, you ace, now want to form n more reasonable marriage, but there is this millstone— a handsome enough millstone, though, ha, ha, ha! bunging" about his nock.' ' He should not forget that ho hung it himself, though,' unsworn! Webster, jirimly ; and then ho left Mr. Harrison. Hut when be next saw Kathleen Weir, in reply to her eager inquiries, ho was able to tell her that ho had heard that Mr. Jehu Temple had gone abroad. 'Hut where and when ?' asked the actress, quickly. ' That .1 cannot tell you.' 'Hut, Mr. Webster, 1 am anxious to know. That old rogue, Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, of course, knows very woll. Hut if I went to him ho would not tell mo. How am I to lind out)!" ' But what good would it do you to find out ?' ' Because I am convinced John Temple has something to hide ! 1 want to be divorced from him, that's tho truth, and if I knew where he was I could sot detec tives to watch his movements. Don't you , bee ?' ' Unfortunately I cannot tell you where heiB.' ' I wondor if old Harrison would tell you? Oh ! do bo a good soul and help mo if you can,' and Bho laid her pretty white, horinged band on his arm and looked in his face. 'It's so stupid to be bound like this to a man who is perfectly in different to you, and, moreover, who aotually detests you! I swetrto you ho looked as if bo really hated mc that day on Westminster bridgo. And why should I waste all my youth and my life ? His raonoy is not worth it.' ' It is a very hard cose, certainly.' ' I have felt this lately,' said Kathleen /Woir, in rather a marked munnec; 'be fore I think I did not care.' Again sho looked ut Webster's face, and with o sort of discomfort his keen dark eyes fell before her large, restless, gray ones. - Ho was not a vain man, but n vague consciousness smoto into his heart that this hundfiomo woman had begun to' regard him with different feelings to his owm This idea made him more chary of his visits, and colder in his manner. And Kathleen "VVeir, quick to percoivo this, also drew book. Thus some weeks passed without bim seeing hor, when one morning an announcement in the Times brought, her uffairs moro prominontly before his mind. This was no less than a notice in the ' obituary column of tho sudden death of the Squire of Woodlca— 'On the 21st instant, at Woodlon Hull, . Philip Temple, Esq., aged 75, of heart disease.' ; "Webster read the announcement twice, over, thinking all tho while of the great changes it might bring. Hot to the fair, hlaok-rohed probationer ut St. Philip's Hospital, though, ho deoided; it could not touoh her very nearly now, but to . John Temple and Kathleen Weir. . And yet on second thoughts he remem bered , it would bring Temple back to England, and would malco the friends ol' the missing girl more eager in their in quiries to. learn hor fato. John Temple would probably now bo forced to tell what be knew, and tho fact of his first 'marriage migjit be brought homo to him.- Therefore, tho knowledge of tho Squire's death, disquieted WobBtor. exceedingly, and the day did hot pass without his receiving further news concerning it. , ; The evening post, in fact, brought him b lotter from Kuthleon Weir, and tho V notice from the Timer- of Mr. Temple's death foil out of. it when Wobstor opened the envelope. Tho qctress had evidently K written in u state of great excitement. ' Dear Mr. Webster,' ho read, 'tho ' enclosed cutting from the newspaper, will toll you what bus occurred, This Mr. Temple, whose death it records, _ is tho uncle' of John Temple, ' who is ' his 'heir. \- ',Tohn Temple is now, therefore, a rish . man, and as I' am unfortunatoly hi9 wife, . ; be, cannot prevent— I. suppose— my. bene-, filing hv his accession to fortune. '"But, though monoy is n . groat thing, an im mense thing, it is not ovorything ! John Temple, looking like a ghost, with misery Rtampod on every foaturo of his face. There was, I am sure, somo strong reason for this, for, as a rule, he is an easy-going man, inclined to mako the best of every thing, as ho used to think it not worth while to strive with fate. 'Thore I did, and do disagroo with him. It is worth while at any rate to try and mako tho host of one's life, and it is not making the best of mine,- I think, to remain the wife of a man I never see. He is a rich man now, can afford to pay a long price for his freedom, and his freedom I am certain he desires. What I moan is this — he will now be coming to England, and will, of course, go down to the place ho has inherited. I wane, therefore, someone to go to him, nnd mako him a proposition ; to say, in foot, " Kathleen Weir, tho wife of whom you avo tired, is also tired of you, and wishes to bo freo from eo galling a tie." I am certain it might be arranged, only it is so difficult to write on such mattors, and one can only do eo to someone in whom you have completo confidence. I have complote confidence in you, though I havo seen so little of you of late, but I think I can understand the reason of this. At all events will you come to see me now, and wo "an talk tho matter ovor. Will you come to-morrow evening? I shall bo alone, as I have a wholo host of things to tell you — . ' Ever sincerely yours, 'Kathleen Week.' Webster read this letter, and at once understood its meaning. Kathleen Weir wished to ho free, and she believed that John Temple had given her cause to seek a divorce, and that if sho wore anxious to obtain one, that he would offer no opposi tion ; nay, gladly aid hor in her desire. She also meant, and Webster smiled a little scornfully as he thought this, that sho intended to make him pay for his freedom. Thoy were to play into each other's hands, in fact, and she wished some confidential friend or agent to approach him on the subject. ' I wondor if she intends this honour for me,' ho reflected bitterly. And he thought of May Churchill with a quick pang' of paiu. If this woman could obtain a divorce, aud would accept money to be divorced, which uo doubt John Temple would gladly pav, ho would be free to marry May ! Webster bit his lips and frowned angrily at this idea. This no doubt was Kathleen Weir's design. She would not scruple, she had said, to invent a charge of cruelty against him, and for the rest she had a perfectly good case. Webster began walking restlessly up and down tho room after he had con sidered the actress's letter, but he deter mined to do nothing to aid her. J >ut if she succeeded, what should ho do? What would bo best and kindest to tho poor girl whose heart John Temple had nearly broken ? It was a painful question, not easy to answer or to solve, but, at all evonts, Kathleen 'Weir lmd not yet obtained her divorce. 1 J will go and sec her,' ho decided. ' 1 will learn exactly what sho means to do.' Therefore on tho following evening ho did go to seo her, and she was very pleased to welcome him. She started up as he entered tho room, and held out Iter littln whito baud. 'How good of you to come,' she said. 'I have been wishing so much to sec you.' . 'I came to talk over your great news,' he answered with a smile.' ' It is great news, isn't it ? Great and good news, for I nope it will soon free mo of John Temple.' ' Rut what havo you got to go upou ? ' I will find something to go upon,' said the actress halt impationtly. ' I have his address, at all events, now, for he is sure to go to Woodlen Hull, and look after his property, aud 1 must find some one—or ' And sho paused and thought for a moment, and then clappod her hands. "I must lind someone,' sho vepoated, 'to go to him, or go myself! There,- Mr. Webster, what do you think of that ? What do you think of my going to visit my lord in his new state ? I would be a welcome visitor, wouldn't I, and no doubt could make a splendid bargain with hiiu iu his eagerness to get rid of tno !' 'But — it would expose you to a very painful scene ?' ' I om uncustomed to scenes, you know,' answered Kathleen Weir, with a little laugh. ' Ho you know I think it is a splendid idea. At all evonts, wo might mutually agree to meet somewhere, and arrange also mutually to got rid of ouch other ?' ' But what about the Queen's proctor intervening?' Kathleen Weir gave an airy shrug of her shoulders. 1 Wo must manage to .bo too clovc-r for the Queen's proctor, and John Temple, I'm certain, will only bo too glad to back mo up in anything I say. I shall have some handfuls of lmir ready, and swear ho tore them out of my head.' And Kuth- leon Weir laughed. But Ralph Webster did not laugh. Ho was thinking of May Churchill, and liow her fate might hang on tho false words of this woman's tongue, and he looked very grave when ho rose to go away. ' Going so soon ! ' cried Kathleen Weir, gaily. She wus disappointed at his leav ing so early, but Bhe did not wish to show this. " ' I can wait,' she thought, after ho had quitted the room ; ' they " say everything comes to thoso who wait.'' "... CHAPTER XXXVIII. .-: . The Dead Man's Belongings. y. Mr. Temple's sudden death had also naturally created great excitement both at Woodlen Hall and' at the farm:. at Wood- side. The Squiro had breakfasted with his wifo bb usual on tho morning it <>e- eurred,' and about an. hour later Mrs. Temple had gono into the library to ask him for somo monoy ebo required, when to her surprise and alarm she found him with his gray head lying on the writing, tablo before .him, and his arms hanging limply by his eide. .' Philip !' she exclaimed, nnd ran, up to Lira; and laid hor hands-on his shoulder. . But. the faqo .that had. over ..looked .gently at her did . not stir. Then'lxra. Templo raised his head, aud tho moment she did so sho gavo a wild shriek. For thero was no mistaking tho pallid gray hue of tho complexion, or tho dull glazed half-open eyes. Mr. Templo was dead, and Mrs. Temple, ovor impulsive and ex- oitablo, ran screaming to tho door of the room to toll the news, and summon the household. They sent for the doctor, and the newly-made widow knelt by tho Squire's side and chafed hiB cold hands, and wailed and wept for tho man to whom in his lifetime sho had given no love. How she regretted him, she clung to him, and would fain have recalled him to hor. side. And presently hor mother arrived on the scono and then her fatlior. Mrs. Lay ton's first thought when she heard tho Squire was dead, was to speculate on how muoh he had left behind him, and to groan in spirit at the idea that now her daughter would probably havo to leave the Hall. ' And that John Temple will he com ing, I suppose,' she whispered to her husband, ' and where will we all bo ?' ' My dear, to speak of such things in the presence of death ' began the Vicar, mildly. But Mrs. Lay ton turned her little eagor fnoo away from him be fore he could complete his homily. to ije continued to-morbow. 