FOUR THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD. i ?V-llliiii' I I A F0 RTOiTE FOR A A Cbance for a Spook. Oke hundred thousand francs are going abegging 1 Over four thousand pounds sterling are waiting fur the man who can send a message and get a reply. When times are so bad, there should be no difficulty in the way of an intelligent man doing this little service, and so gaining the reward which is now lying idle. We ought to be able to do it in Sydney, for we nave garrets full of spooks, and dining- rooms, drawing rooms, and bedrooms fairly crowded with spiritB, good spirits, bad spirits, wise spirits, and stupid spirits, especially stupid ones. Here is a chance to utilisf the spook to whom time aad space are as nothing. Mouldy old Greeks, who have been dead for thousands of years; and whose bones have long mingled with the indistinguishable phosphates of fertile fields can come and ' control ' women in Sydney. All tbe common laws of matter, motion, time, and space are set at naught by these mystic beinge, who rap on tables for the edification of 'intellectual' Sydney, andtbey should be harnessed up for this job. These spooks are said to be the friends of the race, and a dear old English writer said centuries ago:— He tU&t; ie tby friend Indeed, He will help tlee la tliy need « If thoa eorrovr, he wilt weep, If thoa w&ke; ue caunot sleep. In many of the spiritualistic circles of Sydney there are poor people, pitifully poor people— where are they not just now ? Some of these have spooks for their friends, and now i$ the time to prove real friendship. If a sweat and kindly spirit would just take a message through epace, and arrange for a reply, the earthly spiritualist would be able to earn this four thousand pounds, and all tbe scofiing unbolieveis of earth would be convinced. Fopn THOUSAND POUNDS BEWABD for tbis little job 1 Wby, it would be better than finding a new goldfield I It would be almost as good as floating a gold-mine on the market. It would be a simple thing for a disembodied spirit to work the little trick, and bless some unhappy and poverty-stricken believer. The spirits go in and out amid tbe planets ; space is nuthing to tbem, and they could fix this tbingupinno time at all. but somehow the 6pooks never 6eem to do anything with 6ense or purpose in it. They will slap you on the cheek in a dark room, or lift yoar tableau round the place, or even, under Javorablc circumstances, walk round the room in bodily form, and show off their paces, bnt— why can't they carry this message and arrange for a reply ? It makes one think of llud yard Kipling's soldier, who is a poor brute in timss of poace, but his, the saviour of his country when the guns begin to shoot : An7 its Tommy thie, an' Tommy that, an' any t thing yon please ; Bui Tommy ain't a bloomin' fool— vou bet that Tommy cees. That is the position of a lot of clear-thinking men in this country just now, in regard to Spooks and Stead, and a crowd of would-be clever people. We listen to all thin talk, and bear patiently with all thin, wild remarks, but 'you bet that Tommy sees,' and we want a first-class spook to carry this message. ' Where's the message to?' y ou can get up early to-morrow morning and see the place. It's a real, solid place' with a name and a history. It may not have a General Post Office, or an Assembly that talks by the year, or a band ot Local Op tionists, but it is a big place for all that. Its a real, solid world, and a rich old lady has left 100,000 franca to send a messace there and get an answer back. It is to the planet Mads, and that's not far away 1 A smart sDirit could slide through space and arrange the details about a message in a very little while. It would be easier than writing a message on a locked slate, or looking up dead friends in H ? other places. There need be no trouble about this but what could be gotten over by tbe ghost of a dead astronocier, or even by a spook that was not an astronomer. On looking up to the sky in the early evening one can see the nlanet Jupiter just creeping out of 6ight iti the western cky. Now, it anybody wanted to send a message to Jupiter it would be a big order, because Jupiter is a good distance away. He is, to put it mildly, about 400 million miles from Macquarie-strcet, and he is a decent size, too. Supposing Jupiter had a population as large as ours, built- on the 6aiue proportions as our people are built, then their Premier would be thirteen hundred times bigger than our Premier, and their policemen would carry revolvers thirteen hundred times bigger than our policemen carry. Those people might not be civil to a little spook from our world, so it would scarcely be fair to the spook to send him (it) there. Then Saturn is just overhead at night, and that ia a geod- eized world. Its volume is about 750 times that of our world, and it is flying along about twenty times as fast as a cannon-ball, so it might be no picnic even for a spook to get abroad of it and arrange for a little message to earth, bnt it is dif ferent on the planet Mars. This little world, Man, ia what we call a morning. 6tsr just now, and, if anybody wants to gain this £4000 reward, they can get up at 4 o'clock in the morning, and have a look at the little fellow. He comes within 35 million miles of us at timeB, just a stone's throw aB it were, and he is very small. The surface of the planet does not contain moFO than about 55 million eqnare miles. It is going pretty fast, of course, because these planets are not paid like legislators, whether they work or not, they must keep up steam all the time* Mara is making about 15 mile a second, and that is a quieter rate than a Sydney mossage boy makes I* On this little bit of a world there are some curious effects, and a spook would have a lively time of it if freighted with any of our earthly conditions. A hundred pounds of Coolgardie gold would only weigh 38 in Mars, and if the spook nu -dertook to barter tbat at tho old prices it would be a dead swindle. There would be a lot of strange things would happen to our messenger, but if we sent a good reporter on the job, he would secure 11 copy ' enough to last him all the rest of his life, and his favorite ' control' would, find the world going mighty easy then. | When you look at Mars through a power ful glass, the first impreBsionis that it is only a big moon*. So it is, in a way, but it has clouds on it, and seas, and ice, and snow, and mighty oceans, and almost anything else yon like to think, for the simplo fact is tbat nobody knows much about it. It has a couple ot little moonB about ten miles in diameter, and they work in a curious fashion, but we don^ know much about tbe Martian people, and We is the golden opportunity for a Sydney epook. The rich old lady who left the money to the Institute of France wants somebody to open up communications with Marp, and we don't even know if there are people on the planet. If there are, they may not be sufficiently advanced to rig up a telegraphic code to signal to us, and a smart spook could arrange the whole thing very simply. Here is tbe magnificent reward going begging. Will nobody in Sydney take it in hand f The , spook who went tbe trip, might come to grier, of course, and be in tfaK same fix as Tomlinson, who took a trip. \ The winds that blow* between the worlds \ sipped him to the bone, ; And hs yearned to the flere ef tUll-gate there, tbe light ef j ' j d 