BOOK Tl.-THE MURDER AT MIRK MID NIGHT. CHAPTER XII. ft. TERRlHTJä CrtXVKIWATIOX BETWEEN TWO .BBIvntKKS. BEFORE. Sir John Berkeley left Casheeu Cottage that morning Kath- leen O'Connor, painfully remember- ing all t he reasons which her mother had brought forward at thc break- fasttable /for her doing so (whilst every look that she gave her in the baronet's presence was a ploading reminder of the disclosures thereat), liad not only promised that she ?would marry her soldier suitor, but had even been persuaded by him to fix tho day. and one scarcely a month ? distant. There are times and situations wherein people of a certain tempera- ment experience a kind of pleasure in making martyrs of themselves, and the sight of Pat Desmond and Norah Dillon riding together, with the erroneous deductions which she ¡had drawn therefrom, had put Kath- leen very much into that frame of mind now. Sir John, shrewd man of tho world that he Avas, couldn't help but see that Kathleen had consented to become his wife with much more of repugnance than of pleasure, but he entertained the comfortable con- viction that girls of her age seldom or nover kiiew what was good for them, and that she would grow re- signed to, and perfectly satisfied I with."' her fate, as soon as ever she realised how much it had bettered lier material position. " When a girl has got well out. oi lier teens, love in a cottage doesn't sound' half so attractive as dress, jewels, horses,' carriages, and to be called ' my lady.' In less than a year Kathleen will bo thankful that she has become my wife, and then it will be all smooth sailing over sunny seas for the both of us," were the kind of reflections that ho indulged in ns he drove homewards to Gnruragh iu'a hired car from the Olauricarde Arms a couple of hours later; and they made him so contented, both with himself and with the world in general, that he''was quite ready to forgive his brother George "for at- tempting to cut him out and win his pretty Kathleen from him ;" aye, «ven to treat, what a few hours ago he viewed as a most despicable and dishonorable action, in the sense of a very excellent joke. Ah, it is an easy matter for tho winner to forgive in such a case, but what about the loser't In a very brief while now Sir John Berkeley, will be better qualified to answer that question. .George Berkeley didn't show up to receive his brother on his return Iiome, nor did he even enter an ap- pearance at the dinner table. Sir John sent a servant to seek him, the bearer of a scrap of paper wüereon ne mia niispny wnneu : " Come along, old fellow. Don't bear malice, for I assure you that on my mde all is forgiven, and will soon be forgotten. Tm the happiest man ru- the world, and can'tenaure the thought that there is anyone miserable under thc same roof wi th me." Presently the servant returned with an answering communication, evidently a leaf torn out of a pocket Î book, whereon was scrawled rather ; tuan written :-- ' " Be ha23py--as long as you can. As /'.it is at my .expense I cannot share or sympathise with your Joy. What an egotist you must be to expect such a tfdng. J I will come and have ci quiet chat with you- in the library, after you have dined.-G.B." "Well, of all the unbrothei'ly brothers," exclaimed the baronet with, an, oath, as he pitched the un- gracious communication at the back of the fire ; but as he sat down alone at the well spread board a smile stole ? over his face whilst lie reflected : " Ah, well, I might have felt just as bitter had I played for so high a stake and' lost it-^-especially towards the winner," and then he positively shud- dered and turned pale as the satur jnne" conviction forced itself upon him :-" Yes. I do believe that I should have killed him, had he succeeeed in w,inning her from me." The thought, or rather the fear, taken in conjunction with his bro- ther's conduct, fairly spoilt his appe- tite for his dinner, and so hurrying it oVer,he was only too glad toexchange the vast' and gloomy dining-room (gloomy at least when only one was sitting at the table), for the particular cosy library, where he knew that he should far more enjoy his half bottle of old port and a ci^ar. He hadn't been sitting there verj- üng, when the door, opened and George' walked in, attired in-immacu- late' evening dress,-but -with his face every bit as white as his collar, tie, and gleaming expanse pf shirt front. Though so deathly pale, however;' fear was evidently not the cause, for his features, even to his lipsi were as firm as though they had been chisel- led out of marble. ,> ; On his entry Sir John roBe from his chair, and cordially held out . his bandi but George whilst clasping both of his behind his back,' said :- . 1\ ; ?. sently, perhaps. Itdependsaltogether upon how you accept my peace over- tures."' ""."' ' " " You1 silly fellow, it is for «me to make peace overtures; Yet when I've, " No-no-not now-though apologised for pitching you into the lough, as I' now do, surely we may drop all unplesantness, and sit down and chat and smoke together in per- fect-amity like brothers who have been long parted?" answered Sir1 John in a gently chiding tone.1 ¡.' - " We can do nothing of the kind* until wo have finally settled which of | xis is to marry Kathleen O'Connor: or, rather, until I havei convinced you that it would be ih'every way better -aye, for all parties-that / should marry her." " It seems to me that I shall want a deal of convincing, before I shall be able to view that matter through your spectacles, George," answered Sir John banteringly, yet with a gleam in his eyes winch the younger brother should have noted, and regarded as a danger signal. Perhaps he did, for he at once sat down on tho oppisite side of the wide libral*}* table, and began to play with a large ebony ruler that lay thereon, which would have made no despicable weapon in case of his being suddenly attacked. Having thus raised an abattis, as it wero between himself and the chol- eric soldier, George Berkeley set hi mself to answer his last : remark, which he did in a peace inviting man- ner hy saying : "John, there's no denying' that you've been a confoundedly good brother to mo all my life long, and don't think that I'm ungrateful on that score, because I'm not ; indeed I hope to conduce you presently to the contrary. Yet, despite that, I'm determined to many Kathleen O'Connor, and for three reasons. Firstly, for that I love her botter than you do; Secondly, because she likes me better than she does you (though truth to tell she doesn't care much for either of us), and, thirdly, by reason that I should make her a better husband than you would, and consequently a happier wife, and I can assure you that Kathleen's future happiness is a very great and grave consideration with' me, John." " By Jove ! and so it is with nie," laughed the baronet. " May I ask you, Master George, what makes you imagine that you could make Kath- leen happier than I'could?" " Well, I should let her have her own way in almost everything, and let me tell you that a high-spirited girl li Ice that wants her. own way a great deal, and will fret and pine if she is deprived of it. She is a young eagle, is Kathleen, and you would make a caged canary of her. She would beat her very heart ont against the golden wires of your cage, that I nm sure of, John." The young man spoke so earnestly that the elder brother restrained his strong inclination to laugh for fear of hurting what wove evidently very deep feelings. Ho, however, made answer : "Were you as woll acquainted with women as I am, you would know that not one in a hundred is either happier ox* better for having lier own way too much, but generally quite the reverse. If you should ever marry, George, the probability is that you will soon beeome one of those most despicable of beings, a hen-pecked husband, and all through your own fault. Now,- tell me what ransons you have for believing that Kathleen likes you better than she does nie?" " Her own words. I asked her plainly if she wouldn't rather marry me than you, and hor1 reply was, ' Oh, yes, that I would ; lt should not hold i/o i t in the least awe, ¿uid I know very well,that I should boable to twist you around ray little finger, and get my own way iii' everything." " All which showed how little she thought of you ; tho sober fact is that she was chafíiug you, and no- thing more, as you ought to-have clearly perceived"' ? ?. ??1 This speech, and the contemptuous manner in which it was uttered, raised George Berkeley's anger some- what, prompting him to rejoin " You ought. to'. clearly perceive, John, that the thought-of wedding mm is perfectly ..'repellaiit to Kath- leen, and that it 'is -her mean and mercenaiy . mother .who, is driving her into yoiir arms/with what kind bf good God kno ws, though I don't, but it must be' a keenly torturintj one, of that I am sure." ¡ , ' . "Allow mothers to know best what is for their ' children's good, George, for they almost invariably do. borne of them have bought the knowledge precious dearly, from their own past experience, mid poor Mrs. O'Connor is of that number. I shall malee Kathleen a far botter husband than you would, for she will obey me in love, as the Bible commands wives to do, and all folks aro happier for following Bible pre- cepts, which I suppose yo a won't venture-to'deny'-?"' . " I won't, be led into any side issues, John. I shall stick to the point, and also-to Kathleen. I think it perfectly atrocious that a girl should be hounded on ; by a mercen- ary mother to marry a man whom she-well-to use the mildost pos- sible term-dislikes." . "Why aren't you logical onough to add that it is also atrocious that a girl should be debarred, by a mer- cenary mother,' from marrying the man'she,'; rcally/Joveii ; to _ wit; inf the", case that we are considering, Patrick Desmond, of .Ballyally." . , " Oh, to permit Kathleen to do that would be, on . the contrary, a down- right cruelty, for. Pat is in such monetary difficulties. that he hardly, knows which way .to turn. Were his affairs settled lip' I 'very much doubt whether he would have a clear hundred a year leffcto! lire on^Afine income, truly, on which to.lead a girl like Kathleen O'Connor to the altar," answered George Berkeley con temntously. . ; i v. > : .; < " Oh, is insufficiency of funds your chief objection iri-his case?" laughed Sir John. " "WelljJ now, I really thought that your iñcoíhé was some thing less than : : a hundred¡ a year -aye, something considerably less." : George breathed; {deepiy.Tfor 'he knew.; nott', that :.á climax- was . at handi'-:.-...-.-r-r-r.-rr-'-. ; With .trembling fingers he ¡poured himself out a glass of wine-rtossed it off-and- then1 said«in .a -voice* that' was too calm in tone to bo altogether natural .v-rr !.* '«vu <K^TV-'X.*I JJ > (''.Thewfaot isol .have> >ventured1 to presume ?'that', . invthe event of my mairyingEathleehVyou would divide yuin: income , equally ? with me.. In other words', give me five. thousand Kathleen happy and comfortable." Sir John stared at his younger brother for fully a minute, as though wondering whether he had taken complete leave of his senses, but suddenly he broke into a loud guffaw, and, upon getting tho better of it somewhat, exclaimed : "Well, of all the unconscionable impudence and cool assurance, I never heard it's equal. You want to rob me of the girl I love, and then for me to bestow upon you half my fortune so that you maj* make her happy therewith. No, no, master George, I prefer muking her happy myself. I thank you all the same, and I intend to commence the process to-morrow ' three weeks, on which day we ai-o going to be married. On those accounts we had better drop the sub-feet now under discussion at once and for ever, old fellow. And look you, as it would not be pleasant, or oven advisable; for you to be at Garurngh, or even perhaps in Comity Galwaj*, at the time of our wedding, or even for some period after, I'll give you a cheque for five hundred pounds, and with, the proceeds you can enjoy yourself in London, Paris, or wherever else you like, until such time as you have won back the sound common sense of which you once had a very fair share. As soon as you have learnt to treat me once more as an elder brother, and to regard Kathleen in tho light of a sister, I, that is to say we, shall be very glad to see you home again." "Ah, John, you are a noble fellow, and I fear that I nm an ignoble one. My only excuse is my conviction that you wouldn't make Kathleen a good <ls wherewith to make husband, and that I should. Owing j to that conviction I positively will ¡ not give her up to you," was George Berkeley's sullen retort. " You'll have to do it, my fine fellow. I was first in the field, and I am also the accepted one. You are, therefore, altogether out of the run- ning- a rank outsider,"' said the baronet, showing signs, ; at last,1 of losing both his patience and his ..tem- per.' ". John, love is lunacy in some natures. Perchance it is making a mad man of me, perhaps only a bad one. I pray that it may bo the former- but,'whether, bad or mad, I must have Kathleen O'Connor for my wife, and also a handsome income to keep her on. I have as yet only asked you for half of what you possess. Its possible that you may drive me to take it all from you," exclaimed the younger brother, almost appealingly. "I'haye been wondering whether you had gone mad for a long while. Now I know it," answered the elder. But then his curiosity got the better of his indignation, and ho asked, though as if he felt ashamed of putting the question :-" May I be informed how you 'propose to take ray all from me T " Oh, I don't want to take it-I would far rather not. ; I would much sooner accept even a third than the whole, but I must have ehoiigh to induce Mrs. O'Connor to accept me as her daughter's husband, and I must have Kathleen for my wife. You, who left her for two long years, can't love her as I do. Anyhow, you have everything that the woi'ld can give to make you happy, and save Kathleen I ; have nothing. John, dear John, for my sake, for her sake, and, more than aught else, for your own mike, give me that which I now ask." . ; "I'd see you shot first ! And now, Master George, are you aware that you have' twice positively threatened ind within the last few minutes ? As I dislike threats i more than I do most things, before you leave this room you'll, have to explain what you mean by. making use of .them." ; " But I .have not threatened, I have only warned. Oh, John, I will still be your "very , good friend ' and brother ; if you \yill only let, me. If you , knew everything you would also know that I am not so bad as I daresay I now scorn to bo, but God forbid that you ever should know everything," George almost wailed forth. ; , ; : " D-it, but I will be told every- thing," roared his brothor. " You can only know it by . in- fusing to give me Kathleen." " Then tor at least the half-dozenth time during the last quarter or an hour I do refuse to give her tip you," exclaimed Sir Jolin with' emphasis.;. , " Will tiotliivf/ shake your deter- mination ?"' . " Nothing in earth, hell, or even heaven will shake it." May heaven keep you theiv for you have driven; nie to woo Kath-; leen as Sir George Berkeley, and the owner of Garuragh ;?' answered the younger man, looking as -though he was about-to swoon away. " Yon the owner , of Garuragh ? Pah, you are mad: even to dream of such' a thing," retorted the; elder, scornfully, yet ! with some .faint gleam ot doubt and fear in his eyes, nevertheless.- ~" "No, no, I am not mad. I can provo that you were born, ont of wedlock ; . that, in short, your birth took place a week: before our father and niother were married;: : The doc tor still lives who brought you into the world, and ho is now a ruined and a reckless man¿ ',? Ho: called'upon mo,' here, a: month ago, and promised in consideration of k thousand pounds, to make me á baronet and the owner of Garuragh,in your place. I want neither' baronetcy or estate, sb do you 'buy him off with a thousand j pounds, and'let nie remain always your younger brother, but .a, tolerably] 'prbyidéa'I,fbr,.ôhe, anti the husband of Kathleen?' .CHAPTER' xiii.-*' FOR- THIS ' ONE 'NIOIIT, ' ' ;l AT>VI<Ii' EVENTS I UATEjYOÜ.^ .'., TiíBj elder'.brother . listened ^io .,this . awful explanation;!ontithe,,,párt,¡ of |thp:youngerywithout S0;raueh';as the j twitéhnbfrá',,müsclé, ñor^did; hej séèm\ tô be at allí angry"with George .when; hie had/donei n 1 '? J:> 9,!i j , He ; morely asked :-" As a. man, of honour and a shrewd mah bf busi- ness, are'you sure that your precious doctor is able to prove all that he says ho can ?" ]. ' ' .'.'', . ',', "'Quite, for he showed' me copy certificate of your birth, and another of our parents' marriage, arid ho said he didu't want his fee, nor a fraction of it, until he had placed me in full possession of Garuragh and of the title," answered George, well pleased to find that his brother was taking matters so quietly. '.. , '-. , ^ "And so you would sacrifice our mother's honour to win Kathleen ?" was the rioxt question asked him, somewhat scornfully it must be owned. .. ? ?-? < ?? i- * . " Would yon sacrifice our ' mother s honour in order to keep, her ^caiùe, tho quick counter query, with, after II moment's hesitation, tho a tide II dei tacked, on " And , lose all else' be- sides?" , ?; " ' "You gave mo to Understand, just -now,' that you by_ no means desired mo to lose any thing else .be- sides ?" "And on my soull do not.!,! I abso- lutely wish you to remain Sir John Berkeley, of Garuragh, and my-re- spected and beloved older brother. I only want Kathleen O'Connor for my wife, and a sufficient incomo wnerewith'to satisfy her wants and whims, one of which will bo, I sup- pose, the maintemmco of a mother in-law." , . ... " And you have delivered your ultimatum?" . , - " Mv ultimatum.' John, from which I wilf not turn aside or go ,back a singlo inch." » . j' "Thon we'll both sloop over it, and I'll give you an answer to your ulti- matum in tho morning." '"?'-. i "' " Can't you dp it now ?" "1 will, not clo it now, at any rate." " But you'll shake hands an dbid mo gobd-night ?" . ; ?,' .' !¡ I ! " May you have as good an ono as I shall. I hardly think that four walls will cabin and confine me , this'highf. I have always found rapid exercise, the best antidote to a troubled mind. It is a soldier's remedy. As for shak- ing hands, that may well be dispen- sed with until tho morrow. I can't play the hypocrite, George, even to pleasure you, and I won't give you,<a gril> bf the hand until my heart can go with it. When I've thought well over your conduct my reason may get the better of my anger, and I may be able to understand that you've,treated me far from unhand- somely-indeed, I've a suspicion that such is the case already, but;to en- courage it maddens me because for this night ut all events I must hate you for wanting to rob . mo of the only girl whom I have ever loved. Now, off to your room, Ind,;arid' be- fore going to bed you may tis, well Eray to God to direct tilings for, the est between us, for I at all events never stood in moro need; of. Divine grace than I do at this moment. By the-byo, you'd better take a good pull of generous wino before you go. You look as though you,wanted; it." ,' . ... ..', ; ;' Thus urged, George Berkeley ulled himself up a tumblerful of old crusted port, and tossed it off àt a draught ; after which hè pushod the decanter, over towards his brother, saying:- . "You'd better follow suit, old fellow, for you look as pale as'any ghost." . .' .... ,,)t ."v, ? " Aye, but you can't detect so inuch as the twitch of a single nerve in me, notwithstanding. Watch nie 'fill my glass to almost above: the rim, and then convey it to my lips .with-, out spilling a single drop. . There," lib continued, after he had tossed off the contents, "don't .flatter yourself 'that you liave made either my hand trqm-. ble, or my heart ' give sp much ns, a' single extra boat, by what you have just said to me. No, nb, it takes more than that to upset nh old soldier ;" and with a hollow sounding; laugh, Sir John (as wo shall continue to call him) cast himself down again into, his cosy ai-mchair, wheeled it round until his back was ; turned towards his brother, and taking, up a news- paper pretended to bo absorbed in its contents. '," ; ' \\.\ ¡ ' As this was a very plain, hint to. be gone, George Berkeley with one more slowly .uttered :-" Well, good night," tm-ned round and quitted the room, at once repairing tb his own, and throwing himself down upon the bed with alibis clothes on.; (To be continued in Saturday's issue.) 