THE PROFESSIONAL PLAYER. It is always assumed that the professional player of a musical instrument is socially superior to the skilled mechanic or artizan, though there is no reason in the world why he should be. An orchestral player may be a person of distinguished culture and address; but he may aUo be illiterate, coarse, drunken, not scrupulously honest, and, in short, a person whom sensitive composers and conductors would not employ if his mechanical dexterity could be dispensed with. An organist may be in every respect the superior of the rector, but he is just as likely to be the inferior of the keeper of the village shop, who does not complain particularly about his status. Some of the more innocent of my readers , nay be shocked at this, and may demand of 3ie whether a man whose occupation is to interpret Handel, Mozart, Beethoven, or sven "Jackson in B fiat," is not likely to have a more elevated soul than a buyer and seller of pots and pans. I reply, not in the least. You might as well ask whether a navvy, constantly employed on vast engineering schemes, is not likely to be more large-minded than a watchmaker. Take a man with a quick ear and quick fingers; teach him hove to play an instrument and to read staff-notation ; give bim some band practice; and there you have your "professional," abletodo whatWagner 1 could not have done for the life of him, but no more necessarily a musician in the wider sense than a regimental marksman or broadsword instructor is necessarily a general or a master of foreign policy. ' He need make no more distinction between Beethoven and Brahms than compositor does between Shakespeare and Tennyson ; even when be has an exceptionally fine sense of the difference between good and bad execution, he may not have i the ghost of an idea of the difference between good and bad music. Orchestral players good enough to find constant employment in the best European orchestras, and yet with the manners, idea6, and conversation of ordinary private soldiers, are less common than formerly : j but they are still contemporary facts, and not at all anomalous onee, except to muddleheaded people who imagine that every man ' • who can play a string of notes written down by Mozart and Bach must have tbe heart and mind of Mozart and Bach. } ===== 