ECHOES. (By Soukp.) I was much amused to hear that the scrimmage that occurred between Dr. O'Hara and Mr. Purves is deemed of suffi cient importance to occupy a place in Mr. Hutchinson's almanac for 1895, as one of the notable events of 1894. Yet there it is under date October 12, 41 Dr. O'Hara and Mr. J. Purree had aetand-up fight ioC dlins-etreet, etc." Well, why not ? Single combats be tween Greeks or Romans of old have been immortalised, why not the impromptu blend ing of Melbourne law and physic ? Besides does not Mr. Hutchinfon also claim for his almanac the titles of ' Educational Register, Presbyterian Calendar for Victoria," and so on ? Ergo he could not afford to misa so heroic au cjiaodc. ' 4 Rapiers for two and coffee for one." Woman ! 1 >velv woman ! has made a new and blood curdling departore in Melbourne la times gone by women have engaged in hair-polling and face-scratching engage ments, to say nothing of the use of scandal ous tongues, but these are not now con sidered sufficiently advanced." Otherwise one would not he called upon to read in Table Talk a paragraph to the effect that two young ladies have fought a duel with real rapiers, calculated to " skewer " either of tbe combatants if directed with any degree of force. This sanguinary encounter —for I suppose there was no cessation until DioDU was drawn — is alleged to have taken place in tbe Melbourne Athenaeum Hall one night during the early part of this month: When a row occurs betweeu two men one often bears the saying chcrchez la jemme, and in this instance I felt- disposed to say eherchtz Vhamme, but strange to aay, there Was no man whatever roix d up in the affair. The quarrel arose in connection with the display given by the yang lady pupils of the National Gymnasium, Jolimont. 14 By the piper that d&aced; before Moses " a man who may marry either of these bljod- Utting Amazons will have to be on his best ; behaviour unless he wishes to be 44 trussed like a capon." A good thing in hor&e-doctorlag; comes to me from Queensland. An Irishman of some reputation as a vet." lay ill in bed, wbeD a friend called, and after offering bi6 con dolences, enquired, ''Phwen yez mare was bad wid the wurrums, phwat did yez give her, Pat?" 44 Two pints av thurpentine, Mick," replied Pat. A day or 'o lifer Mick called again, aDd said, 44 Phwat hap pened to yer mare wbeo ye give her the two pints av tbarpeutioe, Pat?" "Shednied, Mick." answered the stolid Patrick. Begor an' mine doied too, whin I give her the same. Phwy didn't you tell roe yours doied ?" 44 You didn't ax me that," replied Pat, 44 you only axed me phwat I gave her, an' I tow id you loike any neighbour wad oblige another," 44 Begor, an' it was koind avyou." returned Michael. If there is one in-titatioo io tbe world where accurate geographical knowledge might be expected to prevail, it ie Green wich, of Observatory fame. But it is not so. A letter has just been received from there, addressed to 41 Hamilton, Western Australia." What- a depth of ignorance is thus displayed — not to know where Hamil ton, the Chicago, the Atheng of Victoria is ! Another portion of tbe address is also funny, it beiog s follows : -4t Toe Superintendent of the Fire Brigade (or Chief of Police)" I was not aware that Mr. Carter, the worthy Captain of onr loc-il Brigade, and Mr. rtin. i ... u _l: .f _r 1: ,, _ j _ \j i i-iiit-riy, uur ciuci ui ponce, iiau a common public duty. An amusing incident is reported to have recently occurred ia which a high dignitary of the Chnrch of England — a real live bishop— p'ayed a prominent part. It oc curred in , well ! never mind where, I'm Dot g <ing to give His Lordship away, but probably some of my readers may be able to guets, if nor, let tbem be on tbe watch for a seedy clerical hat and then they will know as much as 1 do. Bnt to my story. Going into an outfitting establish ment, accustomed to do business with the clergy from a Biehop down to a lay reader, he noticed a well-dressed young gentleman standing by the counter whom he took to be one of the assistants, aad taking off his broad headgear, handed it to the gentleman, with the remark. " Have you a hat like this:'' The gentleman looked all mund it, then inside of it; and handing it back to its owner, replied with grave courtesy, 44 No sir, and if I had I would not wear the shock ing thing." The gentleman, like the Bishop, was simply a customer. wanting a new hat and thus it was tbat his uncovered head led to his being misiaUcn for oue of the em ployes. Verily, the street Arab is not to be sur passed for cnteness. Recently one of this genius, unkempt and unclad, went into a baker's shop to ppend a peony <>ii a r-l' . and was going out of the shop when b« espied another urchin just outside the door watch ing him. In fear and trembling, he turned back and thus addressed the shop-keeper: 44 1 say, guvnor, do you see that "ere boy outside there watchiog me ? Weil, he wants to steal my roll. Look here,11 he con tinued, 44 ju6t shove it down my buck." The baker humorously complied, the b >y stoop ing in order to make the operation easy. Thus loaded, be apparently succeeded in escaping notice from the other lad, aud got clear away. A minute or two afterwards, the larrikin who had been on the watch, raehed into the shop exclaiming, 44 1 say, mister, do you know what that kid who bought the penny roll has done." 44 No," replied the astonished baker. 44 Well, then, when he stooped he robbed y»or chain and ticker." Tbe shopkeeper clapped his bands oo his portly stomach, looked dowo, saw that bis watcb and chain had disappeared, cried 44 Great Cs-ar'e ghost." cleared the counter at a bound aud rushed away in the direction the thief bad taken. No sooner was his back turned than the spy afco cleared the counter, but in an opposite direction to tbat taken by its owner when jumping, emptied the till, and made its-con- 1 tents and himself scarce in a little less than no time. Under the old electoral system, candidates for Parliament had to be publicly proposed and seconded at the huetingp, and if no more were proposed than there were vacancies to be tilled, tliey were there and then declared elect "d. This, by way of explanation, for what follows:— It is related of a former member for that unexpectedly, and more in joke than seriously, he was one of two proposed and sec Hided, and as much to his surprise eb to tbat of many present, be was declared elected. Addressing the as semblage, he declared tbat he wouM "go into that 'oose like s roaring lion," and would do this, that and the other. Iu that 44 ouse 11 he was for three years, and his solitary speech, I am told, consisted of 14 Mr. Speaker, I 'are g.»t au liidea." He got no further, for Sir, then Mr., Archibald Michie rose to a point of order thosly — 44 Mr. Speaker, I object to the bon. member going farthtr, he's talking about a thing ho never poesesecd." This was a squelcher, the hon. member cot no further, all his proposed 44 roaring' vanished, he had no pluck. How remarkable a contrast does this present to tbe conduct of onr worthy Mayor. He, also, ventilated in the Borough Council — the minimum wage question — but by that august body was incontinently wiped out. But thus defeated, did he give way ? Not he, indeed. Good, bad or indifferent, he was determined to have tbe question dis cussed, both in tbe press and lo public meeting, and I maintain has, by so doing, shown no small amount of moral courage. It ie not given to every man not to be dismayed by the solemn silence of bis peers, or, I should say, his brother coun cillors. Bat I should like to see him go farther and seek to benefit not merely one but all classes. He is, I believe, quite alive to the great contrast between 10a fid for five minutes professional attendance and some times less than 5s for a full day's work by a labourer. Here's a great openiog for him,. Let him call a public meeting to discuss aud advocate the adoption of maximum profes sional fees, so much for a cot finger, eo much ' for a broken leg, bo much— five shillings say — for a professional visit of less than ten minutes duration, aud 5a for evety succeed ing ten or any portion of ten minatee,aod so on. I don't suppose he will succeed io bringing about a radical change but what of that, if be undertakes tbe good work he'll assuredly do his beet to achieve success and sbonld this unexpectedly eventuate will be deserviog of tbe gratitude of his fellow mea. The British Museum has received a rare relic consisting of au old Assyrian weight manufactured at the - time t/t Nebuchad nezzar II, 605 years before Christ A pas sage in tbe Old Testament showing thgt Abraham weighed 406 abtke to the fltatfo! Ephnxn ta price for the cavern Macpfaielah is ioterertfog. 