THE C.O.D. MAN. There was a scuffling along the ball -a halt--a few seconds of deep silence, and then a voice remarked " I hinted to you the other day that I should likely call again. I am here. If you have no serious objections I will seat myself on this chair. Can I take it that you do not object ?" I looked up to discover that it was the C.O.D. man. So far as I could observe there was no change in him. If the tramp never improves he never dete riorates. Same man- same looks-same clothes. If this tramp had fallen into the river since his last visit the water had simply glided right past him and left him unwashed. " Years and years ago," said the man in a dreamy way, as he placed his cat skin cap on the floor and set one foot on it to prevent escape, "I flattered myself that I knew human nature. I now look back and smile at my conceit. I didn't know the ABC of nature when I thought I knew it all. You may have made the same mistake ? I think you have. I think you will agree with me that human nature is not to be sized up and tied up in bundles and delivered about like kindling wood." I agreed with him perfectly, but as long as he assumed that I did it was no use to say so. " Take an incident that happened in my career yesterday," he went on, as he coolly picked the stub of a cigar off my desk and used my last match to light it. -I sailed at the side doer of a hand some residence on one of your uptown streets and asked the servant for a raw potato to blunt the knife-like edge of my hunger. Was it unreasonable in me to figure that human nature would hand me out a couple of generous sandwiches instead ? Was I wrong in expecting that I would at least get a decentias ham bone ? Was I wildly visionary in dreaming that I might be presented with a pair of old shoes or a coat of later vintage than this in addition to food ?' He wasn't, bhat I wasn't going to tell him so. "I perceive that you are with me," he said, as he surveyed the tee of his right shoe with a critical eye. " Human nature went dead beak on me again. The girl not only cheerfully granted my request, but added a parsnip to the potato and her blessing to both. I came -I figured-I got left I When you think human nature is sure to turn in certain directions you are apt to find it going exactly contrary. Did you speak, sir ?" No, I hadn't said anything. I was wondering if he didn't call somewhere and try to trade his potato and parsnip for an onion, but I was sure 1 didn't wonder aloud. "An hour or two later," he said, as he unfastened one of the safety pins holding his coat together that his lungs might have more play, " I had the luck to run across a motherly woman in her own kitchen as I called and asked for turnip peelings. "' Do you believe in a hereafter?' she asked, in a kindly voice. " ' I do, ma'am.' "' And you hope to go to heaven when your earthly toil is over ?' "I've strong hopes-very strong.' " ' And are yon living an upright, con scientious life, and seeking to set a gcod example to others ?' "'That's me, ma'am, to a dot. It is now three years since I went home to find my wife and children-' "' Please don't call up things which might sadden me. You deserve to be rewarded, and I hope that what I am going to give you will encourage you to persevere in the straight and narrow path, and realise that friends will be raised up to meet you when the day seems darkest.' " I sizel that woman up as motherly and benevolent, and when she stepped out of the kitchen I figured on a full suit of clothes, a square meal, and about 50 cents in cash. She returned in a minute with my reward, and what d'ye suppose it was? You have the floor." He was bound to tell me in the end, so it was idle to guees. There wasn't a ghost of a smile on his face when he said " An old family unbrella with three ribs broken and about forty holes in the cover! There were tears in her eyes when she bid me good-bye and hoped to meet me in the better land. I came--I figured-I carried that umbrella around the corner and hit a dog with it, and it was no more. Have you any particular object in holding your breath this after noon o" I had. My long and successful expe rience with tramps has taught me that silence is a great discourager. I didn't answer his enquiry in what he considered a reasonable time, and he very carefully arose, crossed his feet, placed his left hand on hip, and softly observed " To deny that I am in urgent need of ready cash would be bsse deceit and un worthy of the pair of us. Under existing circumstances we should work together. That is, I will work you for the both of us. You are the first deaf and dumb newspaper man I ever ran scross, and I have perhaps given you a new insight into human nature without a shirt to its back. Therefore, we find something in common. Both of us should make something out of it. As I introduced myself the other day, I am the C.O.D. man. I collect on delivery. If I have nothing to deliver I collect just the same. The credit system would rain my busi ness inside of ninety days." I had made up my mind when he first entered the room that not a single stiver should he get out of me, no mat ter how softly he worked his racket, but suddenly, and to my great humiliation, I found my determination breaking down. "Had you done your share of the talking I should have let you off with a dime," he said, as he grazed fixedly over my head at the window. "As it is, my charge will be fifteen cents. If you have a quarter I can make the charge. Ah l! that's it! 2. 0. D. beats three of a kind every day in te year. This call. as you under?tsad, Is only informal one. Some day, when I get a shirt and feel like myself. I shall insist on the customary formalities. Meanwhile, I am. as ever, yours very trulyJ-the C. O. D. man i He waved his hand, pulled his eat skin cap down as far as it would etand the strain, and while I was looking full at him he sort of tangled no and faded out and vaoished, and though I litened intently I could not even hear the aeeR of his footsteps in the ball Quer man, he is, but I tres like him a l. 