AN ARMY TRAGEDY. (BY JOSrEP SMITa.) In the hot July of 1873 half a dozen troops of cavalry were in the field, oper ating against Apaches, in that little known sectiion of New Mexico that lies between the Rio Grande and the Tulerosa. While K troop of the Twelfth was cumpad at a spring in the country, about midway betw cen the Ojo Caliente and the Tulerosa Valley, it became a military necessity to send a despatch north to Fort Wingate. Corporal Henry C. Franklin and Private John Maguire were selected to perform this hazardous duty. They were experienced soldiers, a asoned horsemen, excellent marksmen, fairly familiar with the country, and accustomed to Indians and their methods. They were directed -to push forward to their destination with all pos sible speed, and were cautioned to be constantly on the alert, for the Apaches were prowling in the Sierras in small bodies, watching like hawks for an oppor tunity to pounce on weak and careless scouting parties. The two soldiers were well armed mounted on hardy, tireles, Califor nian horses, and were inspired with that superb self-confidence and fear lessness of danger that are char. acteristic of American cavalry men; and they rode out of camp as gaily as knights ever galloped to a joust, waving careless farewells to their envious com panions in arms. All through the hot July day they rode over the parched plain, keenly alert to the possible dangers of the country, and towards evening they saw the lone pine that marked the cool and welcome pool among the rocks in theSan Blas pass. They rode ca tiously up the narrow trail, and carefully scanned the approaches to the spring ; but no living thing was astir, and there were no telltale marks in the trail to indicate the presence of evil and aggression in the silent oasis. But they had not seen the hawks of the hills, whose keen eyes had watched their approach for many a mile, and who were hiding in the pass below for the hour to come when they could pounce upong their urguarded foes. A dozen Apaches were in the rocks, patient, tireless, cruel, who reckoned upon the savage pleasure of capturing their prey alive, that they might joy their pitiless souls in an exquisite ingenuity of torture. The soldiers rode boldly to the spring, into which the whinnying horses thrust their thirsty mouths and hot noses luxuriously. The soldiers unsaddled and unbridled the horses, and after spreading the moist saddle blankets on the rocl-s to dry, they picketed the animals where the scant grasses grew thickest. The habit of caution impelled them to climb the trail to the pine before cooking their frugal supper, to assure themselves that plain and pass were free from danger. As they clambered up the bill the angry snorting of the horses made them turn and shrink behind the rocks. Their hearts stood still, for the Philistines were upon them. The Apaches had rushed from the shelter of the rocks to secure the horses, to cut off any escape of their prey, and the frightened animals had betrayed them, for, snorting and kicking, they had broken their larials and gone clattering down the trail to the plain below. The two soldiers felt cold tremors run over them, for they knew that they had a fight to the death ahead of them, and they fully understood they would be dead or free long before any aid could ever reach them in that side track of the desert. 1 Creep up the trail, Maguire, "said the corporal, calmly. "I'll cover you and follow you. We must hurry up, for they'll climb the hill down below and try to head us off. Our only chance is to reach the pine and the rocks." Magaime nodded coolly,and simply said : " Don't shoot in a hurry, corporal. We have more time than ammunition" ; and he went up the trail swiftly, halting behind a boulder. Franklin caught a glimpse of the Indians, but only a glimpse, for their own safety was of more importance than the capture of the soldiers. That was only a question of time. The corporal joined the private above, and then both started on a run for the pine, amid the yelling and firing of the Indians, who had gained the summit further down. Just a few paces from their shelter Maguire staggered, and as he caught him Franklin saw the bloed gushing from his breast over his grey shirt. As the men strug gled into the shelter of the rocks, the wounded man pitched over dead with a ball through his head, and Franklin felt a hot, searing stroke on hischeek. Grief and rage surged throughFrankliu's breast but he kept his head, and ifrom behind his rocky breastswork drove the Indians to e the shelter of the oedars,a hundred yards I away. His cheek bone ached, and the i blood from his wound dripped on his ( shirt; but though painful he knew his I wound was.'noti;dangerous, and he kept I watch upon his vigilant foe, glancing I betimes at his dead comrade stretched 6 limply at his side. Darkness c ime, but his steady watch was maintained, the t strain being relieved by an occasional g shot at his creeping enemies, which made them chary of their wary and desperate c prey. Later the glare down the pass told I him that the Apaches were cooking, and their vigilance relaxing. They felt cer tain of their prey and could wait, and it was evident only a few were left to watch the trapped man. Then the big yellow moon came up, flooding the valley t and pass with light, casting big shadows from tree and boulder, and illuminating the space that separated the trooper and the Apaches. Ooce he saw an Apache flitting ghost-like among the cedars to reach his flank; but Franklin's shot and the Indian's yell discouraged further attempts. The rocks below and back of Franklin's position were buried in black shadows, made all the more dark by the contrasting light, and the desperate man determined to leave his trap and endeavour to get round and back of his foes into the mountains in the darkness. To go out on the moonlit valley back towards the cavalry I camp seemed too madly hazar dous even to a man in his desperate dilemma; for he rightly imagined that when they learned his escape the Indians would scour the plain for their victim. As a preliminary to his break, he fired a couple of shots haphazard at his foes, and his luck was rewarded by yells of rage from the Apaches. Leaving this impression of vigilance, FPanklin took a last look at his poor dead comrade, and shuddering at the thought of the morrow's outrage on that body, lie dropped down from the boulders among the black shadows, and creeping as cautiously as a wolf, worked down and round the position of the Indians. He plunged into the woods parallel with the pass, and worked toilsomely along until he stood on the cliffs above the western end of the pass, looking towards the Tulerosa Mountains. Two precious hours were lost in searching for a trail to the plain below, but once on the level he ran over the plain, vaguely conscious of his direction, intent only upon placing miles between himself and the Apaches. The grey dawn found him at the base of the Sierras, many a long mile from the San Bias pass, tired, hungry, thirsty-and lost. He worked along into the woods, and lay down in the shadow of a rock and slept. He awoke unrefreehed, and pushed on, weak and hungry, but stout hearted. How cruelly hot was the sun,: nd how sore and dizzy his wounded cheek made him. But he trudged along sturdily over the dusty, blistered, sun-cracked earth, keeping a sharp eye for danger, and vainly searching among the arroyos and sun-baked rocks for jwater. ,On and on be walked, up and down the mountains, across the valleys,and hugging the woods again, in a country that seemed at once familiar and strange to him. Night over took him weary and hungry, with a swollen face, a terrible thirst, !and com. pletely worn out. Tightening his belt to stay his craving stomach, he lay down among the boulders on the summit of the range to sleep; but sleep brought him oblivion without rest, for thirst and his wound tortured him through the weary night. The stars faded out at last, and the burning tyrant of the day came once more, and the tired, bloody faced man started wearily down the mountain to wards the valley that looked so hazy and beautiful below. Surely there must be water down there, cool, blessed water to moisten his swollen tongue and ease the pain of his wounded face, that throbbed like a pulse. The glaring, staring hot sun beat down on him with fierce intensity, and his hot eyes saw everything in a haze. He rested at the foot of the mountain, feeling in a vague way that he must pull himself togother, and then he started wearily across the scorched and tortured plain where the earth seemed to swim in the white glitter of bitter alkali, whose hot dust burned into his cracked, moistureless lips. God How that sun did blaze and glare ! Was there any water In the world ? any Ecool spot under these copper skies ? Now Franklin began to speak aloud in a strangely husky cracked voice as he staggered along over the blistered plain, and his head began to grow light, and his eyes tb see things that were not, and the buzz rds in the air aloft followed him with awful instinct as one doomed to add his contribution to the bleaching bones of the desert. Night came at last, and the worn out, tortured creature dropped to the ground, to roll and moan like a wounded beast, and to dream dreams of the cool springs and brooks back in the hills of New Englanl. The prowling skulkers of the nignt came near and sniffed at lhim, only to fly at the sound of his strange husky moanings. So the night went, and the relentless sun rose up once more to torture man and earth. In a dim way, like aman drugged, he seemed to know he must push on, and he moved out into the white heat of the plain, staggering weakly, and waving the gun he still clung to, until his feet walked mechanically into a beaten trail that his eyes did not see nor his mind grasp. On and on he staggered, growing weaker and more indecisive, anr then he dropped in the hot plain with afdint sigh ing gasp, and the world slipped away from him. And when the snow s had whitened the Sierras and had thrown the mantle of their white charity over plain and mesa, canon and arroyo, they fell like a benedle ti )n upon the pile of whitening bones that lay in the trail in the Tulerosa Valley, adding another mystery to the desert, and indicating that another man had passed on in death to oblivion. HJarpers Weekly.' 