Oil WHEELS OF FIRE. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY FITZGERALD M0LL0 Y. AUTHOR OF "HOW CAME HE DEAD?" "AN EXCELLENT KNAVE," I' SWEET IS RE VENGE," "A MODERN MAGICIAN," "THAT \- VILLAIN ROMEO," &c.; copyright. CHAPTER XV. -(Continued.) " " Bub not alone ? he suggested, looking forwards , in expectation of seeing another figure. Quite alone." " But where is your husband ?" the schoolmaster asked, something in the ton js of her voice startling him. 'I have no husband," she replied, with trembling lips. Dead?" cried the old man in terror. ' No," she whispered,' hiding her on his shouldor whilst she strove "i o epress the storm shaking her frame. " He — he deceived me ; our marriage u-as a mockery ; he has grown tired of me and cast me off." Jacob Selwyn could not at first iirftiise the sense of her words, but -vlien it broke upon him his first 'bought was one of pity for her. "My poor child, my own darling, did the scoundrel dare to wrong you? Oh, God, that such a villain should live," he said, tightening his arms around her as if to protect her against the world aril to shelter her in his heart. "Oh, father, I loved him once only t >o well," she said, between her sobs, ". ad I thought myself his wife until th > hour I left him. You believe me \- you believe that ? " " "Yes, Stella, I know you would not do wrong. The sin is not yours, but in... and he will reap its punishment— the scoundrel." " Don't talk of that, dear." "Thanlc God you have come back to me," he replied, kissing her once : -re. "Oh, that I were near the viiain, I would tako his life. Such . ;."minshould not he permitted to live," i<; cried out, his eyes bright from - ex- -.i .ement, his usually , pale faco flushed vioh anger, his limbs trembling from .motion. Stella sank into a chair exhausted, > j' l qcr father seeing how worn and iV 'aryk.she looked brought her wine, which lie forced her to drink, and f .i';d which he pressed her to eat. The / man who attended on his own >dest wants had gone home for the ;;ht, and. no one had seen .'ilia enter the cottage. Then i threw some wood upon the fire, >'.> the evening was raw and r rap, and made her sit in his own eat chair beside the hearth. Tho ruddy glow of the blaze fell . rmly on the familiar walls, and ;! stened on the glass of the old . graving and wool-worked pictures, vid tinged the pale, earnest faco whoso .pes were fixed anxiously upon her. -. :1 remained untouched ar.d unaltered i, when she had left ; all that had ppened since her departure might ..ave been a dream, from which this waB the tardy awakening. Would it /had been a dream, and not a terrible reality. ' Presently, when she had laid aside her bonnet and cloak, and had some- whnt mastered the choking sensation in her throat, she told her father the history of her life since she had quitted his home; told him of her journey to London ; of being met at the station by Crawford and driven through a i wildernoss of close streets and busy I thoroughfares, until they arrived at | that dark and gloomy house ho called » his own, where a man dressed as a parson awaited them and read the marriage service; of their departure for Switzerland and their travels through foreign lands. Then she dwelt sadly on the evening of their arrival at Milan and his receipt of a certain letter, from which time his manner had changod towards hor; she mentioned their stay in Paris, and finally she spoke of that miserable day at Boulogne, when he told her she was not his wife ; of her fruitless appeal, of the arrival of Arthur Ferrars, and of the false p tatarnont she had made to him. if " You should have told Arthur the Is ruth, and let him give the scoundrel | ho chastisement he deserved," said Ifflho schoolmaster, whose agitation Scarce permitted him to speak, i " But there would have been blood- shed, and I would not have the friend who sought to avengo me injured ; nor yet the man who wronged me." "I will find him myself, and givo him tho punishment ho deserves from a father's hands," Jacob Solwyn said, pacing tho room backwards and for wards, forgetful of his age and lack of strength in his righteous desire to bring the betrayer to book. Then, pausing, he asked, " Where is Arthur now ?" "I don't know," answored Stella, adding after a pause, " I cannot boar to see him again. Only now, when I myself have been deceived, do-I realise tho wrong I did him. . No, we must meet no more. No more," and tears streamed down her cheeks, " He would not resent your leaving him, he would only pity you, my dear child — my poor Stella." " But don't you understand, father, that his pity would bo hardest to bear?" she cried out. " But I daresay you will have to moot him somo day;" " Not necessarily," she replied. "How is that, Stella?" " Because, dear father, I don't in tend to remain here." "Where would you go?" he asked, anxiously. " Anywhere into, the world whore I am unknown. By my own foolish aot I have cut myself adrift from my happy and innocent past. No. one' here would believe my story ; or if, they did they would mock me for thiuking I had married abo.ve my station. Women are cruel to each other, especially in such a ease as mine. The girls I once played with are happy wives and honored mothers, whilst I — whilst I — " she covered her face, and her sentence remained un finished. "My poor child, you mistake; no ono would be so black-hearted as you .imagine ; they could riot, they dare not' insult you." " You judge, people too gently, father. i could not bear to bring shame upon you, who are respected and loved by everybody, .nor could I endure the contempt or compassion of those who were once my friends. Any thing but that — anything but that." " But what would you do, Stella?" "Go quietly away to-morrow or next day. No one need lcndw my story ; we will let them think I ran down from town to see you for a few .hours, and that I .have gone back to him. :I can teach or I can work, and no doubt in London I shall soon find somo employment. There at all events I can keep my secret." "And you would leave me ?" tho schoolmaster said, reproachfully. " Because it would be best for you, dear," she replied, striving to bo brave when most tempted to be weak. " Stella, my dear," ho said, tenderly, as sitting besido her he took 'her hands in his, "you are the only child I have to love in all the world,; and without you life would bo more cheerless than the grave.'1 She flung her arms round his neck and kissed him again and again, " It was for your sake, dear, as much as my own, I thought of leaving you, L- she replied, " but if you wish it I will re main here, and wo shall not be parted. Perhaps it is best I should bear what I deserve." "No, we shall not be parted,' he repeated, and then after a struggle he added, " but you need not remain here, dear." " What do you mean, father ? " she asked, gulping down her tears. "That you and I will go abroad into tho world and begin life anew," "No, dear, I cannot accept the sacrifice," she rejoined. "I could not take you away from this peaceful vil lage which you love, from the old col- loge friend who is to you as a brother, from the kindly neighbors who esteem you, from all you hold dear, in order to bring you into a strange world and amongst strange people. No, dear, I am not so selfish as that." " But you are more to me than friend or neighbor." " I will stay here wich you," she an swered, calmly. "No, Stella, now when you have told me the pain it would cost you. I would not have you remain. Together wo will go into tho world, whoro none will know of tho wrong you havo sufl'orcd, where a new life, and perhaps a happier, will open beforo us, in wlr'ch the past may be blotted from your memory, or remembered aB a troubled dream." " How bravo and unselfish you are, father, and how weak and ungratoful I have been," she answered, striving to smile upon him. "No, dear, not unsolfish, for it would pain me to soo you slighted or made to suffer hero ; and then I should not be separated from you ; so that you ; see I am utterly selfish after all." But this sophistry could not deceive hor, nor could his gentlo smile hido tho j pain it sought to conceal. Know- ing what this determination must have secretly cost him, she was over come by gratitudo and romorse, and laying her head on his breast she sobbed like a child. Ho di'd not seek to check hor tears, knowing they would relievo hor heart, and not until they had almost ' ceased to flow did he say, " We musB nevor part again, Stella." j " Never," she answored, " so long as | God in His mercy will leave us to- getlier." | Then they sat by tho fire, side by side, as in tho olden time before tho joy of that new lovo which so soon had turned to misery had filled her heart ; making plans for tho future and picturing to themselves tho life that lay before them. Yet nothing did they see so strange where all must needs be novel, nothing did they imagine so eventful where much must be of import, as that which afterwards befel them. chapter" xvi. The New Haul Returns. On his return to London the new Earl of Redfriars drove to the rooms recontly occupied by his brother. No unpleasant thoughts of tho tragedy which lmd occurred there hinderod hiin from taking possession. Weary of hotel life he contemplated settling down here in peace. He had neither apartments nor habitation of his own, and he was aware that his brother's flat, which was leased for tho next two years, was comfortable. On his arrival he was met by his brother's servant, Whyman, a tall, grave man of more than middle age, with a well set, upright figure, dark, clean-shaven face and steady brown eyes expressing force, reflection and reserve. By arrangement with Myles Newbury ho had remained as care taker of his late master's rooms until the coming of the new earl, who had tho option of retaining his services. A telegram having prepared him for the return of Lord Iledfriars, Why- man had set all things in order; fires blazed in dining, sitting and bed rooms, the dinner table was laid, and that meal already ordered from a neighbor ing restaurant. Redfriars being sensitive to sur roundings was pleased by these atten tions. The look of warmth, the air of snugness, the appearance of solid com fort were most agreeable to him after the chill stateliness, dreary . splendor, and draughty spaciousness ot foreign apartments. " Dinner ready, Whyman ?" Red friars said, looking round with satis faction. ." It will be served immediately, my lord," the man answered, and then, noiselessly disappeared By the time tho earl had changed his clothes the soup was on tho table, and then followed a meal such as was sure to commend itself to a traveller, light, dainty and appetising. The wines were well selected and the cigars which Whyman produced wero of ex cellent brand. The now peer thor oughly enjoyed himself and stretched his legs under the table with an air of satisfaction, as lie reflected that his brother had done a wise thing in romoving himself from tho path of one who 'could better fill his place. Physically they had been much alike as twins ; their height, build, com plexion, and gait Jieing so simi lar that one was continually mis taken for the other, much to the elder man's displeasure. But hero all resemblance between them ended; for mentally and morally they were as .diverse as the poles. There was little (o recommend and much to condemn in the character of the present peer. Sceptical in all things he had little beliof in the virtue or honor of man or woman. . Selfishness being the domi nant note in his nature he had never hesitated to inflict on others the pain or misery which he shrank from endur ing himself. Reckless in his extrava gance he had plunged deeply into debt, careless of' to-morrow and its conse quences so long as he reaped enjoy ment to-day. . Tho late Lord Redfriars had been grave and thoughtful from his youth ; given to study, interested in science, philanthropic. No scandal had ever been associated with his name; lie hadinjured no 'man; wronged no woman. So6n after his thirtieth year he had suc ceeded his spendthrift father, and re cognising the responsibility of his position and the embarrassed state of his affairs ho had striven hard by re trenchment and care to lift the heavy load of debt from his ancestral acres. His natural love of retirement, his indifference to luxury, his hatred of display, rendered this task more easy of accomplishment to him than to an individual of a different disposition ; yet for one man to undo what genera tions had done, was a difficult task. There was hope, however, of eventual success, aud it could not have been either depression or despair on this ground that had driven him to the terrible act by which he had ended bis life. The deed was so out of keeping with his character, so wholly unlike what might have been expected of him, that at times doubts had risen in his brother's mind as to whether the mur der was solf-inflictod or not. But on this point neither tho doctors nor tho jury had hesitated ; tho manner in which tho pistol wound had been in flicted clearly pointed to suicide ; there was no motive for murdet per ceptible, none could bo supposod or imagined, nor could the act have been committed without the knowledge of Whyman, a faithful and devoted ser vant. AVas there mystery here? Why had the late lord, at u moment when ho had the prospeot of a happy mar riage with tho girl ho loved, and when his economy and management wore bearing fruit on tho estates — . why had he taken his lifo? Was there some spectre of the past which he dreaded? Surely not, for his life had been blameless. Was thoro aught in his futuro ho ioarcd so much as to mako him floo from its coming? Such thoughts and questions continually presented themselves before lus succes sor's mind ; not that tho latter cared much whether remorso or terror or , suffering had beset his brother and driven him to . a desperate end, but that some vague idea continually haunted him that whatever it was that had cast its shadow on tho dead man's path and exercised so terrible an effect might some day all unex- I pectodly cross his own. Even as he lay back in his chair enjoying his after-dinnor cigar and dwelling on his promising future, such thoughts beset him, and to escape from them he roso and entered the sitting- room. The flat was situated on Alio first floor of one of those grey, solidly built lionses erected two hundred years ago in Hanover-square. The apart ment boasted that spaciousness and loftiness unknown to modern man sions ; ceilings and cornices wore elaboratoly ornamented ; the walls covered with oak panelling, fortu nately preserved from tho desecration of tho paint brush, the windows high, narrow and deeply recessed. An atmosphere pervaded them such as became their age and asso ciations. Histories they surely had of paramount interest to those who figured in them, but all forgotten now. Generations had entered and quitted life within their precincts ; tho walls bad heard strange tales, had echoed with laughter ancl song, with wailing and with sighs ; the windows, like great staring eyes, had gazed on many a changing scone. Ghosts .may have, in the dull watches of the night, thronged the wide passages or glided through those heavy doors with their deep mountings of tarnished brass. The long and narrow sitting-room which Lord Redfriars entered was lighted by standard lamps, clusters of candles, and by a bright fire blazing in the brond grate beneath a noble chimney-piece of white marble, . time- stained and delicately carved with wreaths of flowers upheld by cor pulent Cupids, and featyrs eternally leering at scantily-clad nymphs. Above, in a massive gilt frame, hung a portait of the eleventh eail, who had so royally wasted his substance in roysterous living ; facing him on the opposite side of the wall was his long- suffering wife. Curtains of faded brown velvet were drawn across, win dows and doors ; well-stocked book shelves filled recesses made by the pro jecting fireplace ; an escritoire black with age stood close by, and beyond were cabinets rich in old Italian carving, their tops supporting terra cotta statuettes and Belgian pottery, whose deep blue color and quaint graceful shapes stood out against the sombre background of the panelling. Notwithstanding tho yellow light streaming from tho lamps and candles, and the ruddy reflection from the fire, the apartment had something gloomy in its appearance that depressed its occupant. He sat down in a great high-backed armed chair beside the hearth, and smoked and thought. Little traffic passing through the square no sound disturbed the silence of the early night, save the melancholy chiming of the clock of St. George's Church. The world might bo asleep or dead for all, sign -it gave of life or waking. Though the burning coals threw out 'great heat, Redfriars was conscious of a chill ; there was something icy in the atmosphere. He strove to recall the sense of satisfaction he had recently felt, but deep depression crept over and enveloped him as in a mist. AVhat was its cause or its nature he could not state ; it was undefined, vague, irresistible. His mind promptly scouted all ideas of such subtle influences as are said to bo exercised upon the living by the dead. He believed that once a man quitted oxistence annihila tion ensued ; there was no such thing as soul, spirit, or consciousness, only a handful of clay; and nothing more. Therefore, noither fear nor thought of an invisible and unknown world and those who dwelt therein arose in his mind ; this mood besetting him was. due to , physical causes — fatigue, in digestion, an over-wrought brain. From reading the reports of the in quest held upon his brother he was aware that it was in this room the suicide had been commiEted. Perhaps during the last hour of his life the dead man had sat in this liigh-back chair meditating even as lie who now filled it meditated ; but what was the subject of his thoughts ? Redfriars. would have given much to know, for thoy would havo afforded a clue to the motive of that desperate deed. Unconsciously he allowed the fire to get low, so that the ruddy blaze was no longer reflected on tho time- stained oak of the walls. The position of a lamp caused his figure to cast a blurred, horrible shadow on the high ceiling. A feeling of languor gradu ally possessed him, and with it that strange foreboding of an undefined ill increased. All at once it seemed as if a second person was in the room, biding in the shelter of the cabinet behind him, and then drawing near with a stealthy and gliding stop, in tent on evil purposes. Then the thought of his brother, whom-he had nevor loved even in the days of his boyhood, whom in manhood he envied and hated, came into his mind with torrible force, so that for a second ho almost beliovod tho dead was present, leaning over him and breathing icily upon his head. AVith an effort ho sprang to his foot. An old mirror framed in black ebony hung above him, and as ho roso ho involuntarily glanced , into it, when with a frozen heart he drew back startled, dismayed and horrified. He had seen a reflection of his own face, paler and graver than usual, and fancied lie beheld the features of the dead. j Quickly recovering, a reaction spt J in and he laughed at his weakness. ' Going over to a table on which Whyman had placed a decanter of brandy ho poured out a glass and drank it at a draught. Tho liquid . warmed and cheered him, and he ; walked up and down the room | by way of regaining his composure, finally standing before tho bookshelves and taking down some volumes looked at them carelessly. They were not such us ho would read. I-Iorodotus and Plato in the original, Montaigne's Essays, Waldon's " Lifo of Moroau," and tho "Alcar of AA'akefield " had no attraction for him. Mechanically ho wont to one of the old cabinets and pulled out a drawer, when his eyes fell upon a pistol. Ho had no doubt it was the weapon with which his brother lmd taken his life ; it fascinated him so that he could not remove his eyes from it, and with a trembling hand he took it from its resting-place, Tho smoke of that last shot still tarnished the brightness of the barrel ; lower down was a stain whero some clot or brain tissue may have lain. As he grasped the re volver he experienced a wild horror, confusion of nrind, and sickness of heart, such as the dead man might have felt when his nervous clutch closed upon the handle for the last time; and involuntarily Redfriars, having a finger on the trigger raised the pistol slowly to his forehead until tho cold steel touched his left temple, Then dropping it, ho turned away terror-stricken at the act, cold perspi ration oozing from his body. He drank more brandy, lit a cluster of candles on the chimney piece, and threw some coals upon the fire. Pre sently, ho looked at the escritoire which Newbury had with some other articles sealed up until. the new earl's return, and standing before it he said, " I may find there traces of tho secret I want; some scrap of paper, diary, or letter may betray the fear which drove him- to death.- To-morrow I will begin, my search." CHAPTER XVIL Viuoil Pays a Visit. It was late noxt morning when Lord Re'dfriars rose, and scarcely had he finished his breakfast, when "Whyman appeared to say- Mr. Arirgil Lechmere had called. The earl became suddenly thoughtful ; he had expected this visit and was. prepared for it, yob he was hot without a feeling that it nught prove disagreeable. However, ho re flected that the sooner it was over the better, and turning to tho servant bade him admit the visitor. Ho, himself, went to the door with, a smiling face and outstretched hands to welcome his cousin, " My dear Virgil, how are you ?" ho asked, with apparent delight. " All right, old chap, and how are you ?" . " Tolerably. well. How kind of you to come and see me so soon." . ' " It was only yesterday I heard you had returned," romarked Virgil, look ing round him, as if expecting to see someone else ; Lord Redfriars noticed his glance, but made no remark. " I hope you had a pleasant time abroad," said the tutor. " Pretty fair." " And Stella, how is she >" The earl, who had been leaning against the chimney piese, turned abruptly away, an expression of pain upon his face. " You haveu't heard ?" he remarked, in a low voice ; " of , course not, I didn't write to you." "No. I hopo nothing unpleasant has happened." " Stella is dead." "Dead ?" responded the younger man, shocked at hearing that a bright young life had suddenly been extin guished. " I am more grieved, than I can say." " I jenew you would be, old man ; I counted on your sympathy." ; " How did it happen ?" asked Virgil, gravely. ' "She took that accursed Roman fover. I had three doctors to attend her, and she appeared to recover. But she would go out too soon, and one evening in the Pincio Gardens she caught a fresh cold. Poor Stella, before that day week she was in her grave." " Poor girl 1 lb must have been a big blow to you." " I haven't recovered yet," re sponded Redfriars, with a melancholy air. " I don't wonder ; it's not a thing a man gets over easily. And her father — have you told him ?" . "Of course; judging by his letters ho seems heartbroken.'' "I'm awfully sorry. If she wero living now what a ohange it would make to her." "Yes, yes," replied Redfriars, im patiently. "She would be so glad, for your sake." " No doubt. Tell me, Virgil, did you over mention that — that affair .to anyone ?" "I promised you I wouldn't, and I've kept my word." "I knew you would," remarked Redfriars, with evident relief. " And now as it ended in such a melancholy way, there's no use in saying' anything about it. Even to me it will be pain to hear any reference to it, for I was deucedly fond of her." " I shan't mention it." " Thanks ; I may- rely on you, Virgil 1" Rodfriars said, eagerly. " Certainly. You havo my word." " It's a chapter in my life which I don't want others to pry into, you understand ; it belongs to her and to me alouo — it's sacred — and I don't wish anyone to open it heroaftor, no matter what may occur." (to he continued.) 