In placing the iBsae of the Municipal ^ contest before the electors there etirely need be no misrepresentation of facts, and it is not at all probable that any candidate will be desirooB of having his candidature espoused by means of on worthy attacks on the Oonncil or mis statements in oonneotion with the past procedure oi aldermen, in its issue of Saturday our contemporary once more takes up the sledge-hammer of abuse that it has continuously wielded since the Oouncil carried the poll in favor of the electric light, continuing to up a little fact with a great deal of mis statement, and by its own peonliar znode of reasoning arrives at the decision that the return of Mr M'Orackan to the Oouncil is the oue thing needed to pre vent all kinds of jobbery, dishonesty, the ' dishing ' of accounts, bogus loans, and all the other ill? which are said to have befallen tbe Oonnoil sinoe Mr H*nry Button left the Corporation. Oar contemporary now disoovers that the Oouncil has s town a 'disregard of equity and even of common honesty which it displayed in levying a rate for water and applying it to a different pur pose.' The truth is that not a penny of the proceeds derived from the water rateB and charges was applied to general purposes until some years after the passage, in 1878, of the Launoeston Water Amendment Aot, Uo. 8. This measure enaots, ' Notwithstanding any thing to the contrary contained in the principal Aot, tbe Oonnoil may from time to time, as it sees fit, appropriate the balance of any surplus moneys standing to the oredit of the Launceston water account after payment of all ex penses, costs, and charges payable thereon or obargeable thereon, or directed to be annually set apart therefrom as a sinking fund in and towards the general purposes of the town.' This provision was obtained for the purpoBe of permitting the oitizens to reap the bene fit of tbe profits derived frem water, pre cisely as the oitizens of Birmingham, Dunedin, and other towns are benefited by the snrplnses to the oredit of their respective gas accounts. Regarding the charge made against the Oouncil of ' manipulating the waterworks account eo as to make it bear an undue propor tion of expense, such as the whole bur den of the Consolidated Loan sinking funds and then charging it with tbe fic titious item ' rent of offioes,' ' a little consideration shows that the obarge is one of those sound and fury statements which lose much of their force when care fully analysed. The profits of the water account being available for general pur poses, the former portion of the charge loses its sting, whilst there does not ap pear to be any grave objections to the waterworks aooount carrying its share of the rent of ofiices. But the head and front of tbe offending of the Oonnoil appears now to be that it has trans ferred a sum from the original water works sinking fund to the electric light account. It is scarcely necessary to say that this is simply a loan transaction, and is to be paid out of the eleotric light loan. So recently as the 5th inst. our contemporary stated ' Few would object to a temporary use of trust funds or funds belonging to other departments, provided there iB a distinct understanding in tbe matter.' How this is precisely what has been done in connection with the eleotric light, yet the Couneil is now abased for doing what a fortnight ago was held by the same source to be a legitimate trnnsaMtinn. Tf fhi'a tranoR/ifcinn »-?» a transfer of accounts, or if its re payment were dependent on the receipts from the eleotric light, then its propriety would indeed be challengeable ; but such is not the case. The Council has been empowered to borrow a certain 8am of money to carry ont the electric light scheme, and pending the floating of the loan— whioh is to be isBned as a Government loan— it borrows from its own Binking fond, thereby saving the oitizens the interest chargeable on the overdraft whioh would otherwise have been necessary. The alternative to this was tbe oessation of work in connection with the electric light scheme. This iB the real kernel of the pot, and whilst the indefinite postponement of the eleotric light wonld be hailed with delight by those who have by every means at their disposal, in season and out of season, sought to kill the proposal to obtain ibis frrAAfc hnnn va aolr ^aia votes are now being songht on Bide issues to consider whether they are pre pared to play into the hands of the open and bitter opponents of the eleotric light ? The Examiner has been dis tinctly opposed to the electric light from its very inception, an# did its utmost to defeat tbe popnlar poll taken to deoide whether the Oouncil should be empowered to oonstrnot tbe eleotric light works on behalf of the citizens. Then the parly which Mr M'Oraokan claims to repre sent were the pronounced supporters of the Oouncil — now in every step taken by the Oonnoil to carry ont the electric light scheme it is hampered end em barrassed by seme of those who have everything to gain by the early advent of the boo d, and of course assisted by all those whom sdf-interrst actcates towards the thwarting and postpone ment of the completion pf the 6bjuma« That the Oouncil has made mistakes in the past none will deny — that it will do so in future is equally certain, seeing that no pnblio body is perfect but it is quite olear to every impartial mind that in the Water and Light Bill passed laBt session the citizens of Laun oeston have a most excellent measure, and one which there is little donbt will be the means of considerably lightening the loeal taxes in the near future. Laun oeston is now so far pledged to the electric light that the works connected therewith are being pushed ahead rapidly. The work thus being provided is doing muoh to reUeve the local labor market at the present depressed period, and the oitizens are daily ooming nearer to the possession of a necessary commodity that will break down a serious monopoly* ! The question is— Do the citizens desire that the eleotrio light shall be secured without unnecessary delay, or is its advent to be retarded by compelling the Oonnoil to make other finanoial arrange ments pending the flotation of tbe State loan in which the Launoes ton loan is incorporated ? We find that, in oonneotion with to-day's election an attempt is being made to jeopardise tho return of Mr Fowler VJ BBBUVlBUUg UL1U H1U1 WUttb All certain persons to designate a clique* All who know Mr Fowler, how ever, will not be misled by such tactics — tactics whioh have beeu prac tised against Mr Fowler sinae his elec tion to Parliament. We have no desire to say one word against Mr M'Orackan ; we are quite prepared to give him credit for honesty of purpose ; but, because we believe in his integrity, we know that he would not desire to gain the eleotion by j some of the taotios that are being used ' by some of those who for various pur poses advocate his candidature. Those who have watched Mr Fowlers career know that in him the electors will find an honcBt, straightforward representa j tive ; one who has for many years studied I tinKlin fnattare. HTlrf wlin nnflflARBAH the ability and integrity requisite to the proper and faithful discharge of the duties of alderman. Admittedly Mr M'Orackan is quite new to public life, and in his own interest it would be better that he should stand aside for the immediate present. He possesses the natural material requisite for a good alderman, but haB not given publio affairs that consideration which should indaoe the oitizens to select him as their representative in preference to Mr Fowler. In Mr Fowler Launoeston will find an able, honest, and careful repre sentative, and the citizens will act wisely in making him their choice to-day. The reply of the Premier of West Aus tralia to the Federation circular letter of the Premier of New South Waks, if un satisfactory, is at leaBt an honest expres sion of opinion, and probably will prove of more real servioe'in stimulating Mr Reid than the affirmative answers re ceived from other oolonies. Sir J. Forrest, in reply to Mr Beid's invitation to the oolonies to join in pushing on Federation, states that owing to pressing local matters, chiefly relating to the development of the goldfields, it is not possible to deal with the question of Federation, and that as a consequence any movement in that direction will not meet with general approval. He adds that the want of progress made with the question in the other colonies haB re sulted in its receiving little attention in West Australia. The telegram of Sir J. Forrest, like the wasp, carries its sting in its tail, and together with the addendum to Sir Edward Braddon's reply— requesting New South Wales to Ehow it6 earnestness in the matter of Federation by appointing delegates to the Federal Council — should have the effect oi making the Reid Government seri ously consider its position. In 1890 New South Wales, after having done its utmost to strangle every effort made in the direction of Federation, suddenly conceived the idea of the convention that was held in Sydney the following year, and now Mr Reid is evidently desirous of emulating Sir Henry Parkes and of posing as the oreator of an Australasian Union. It is therefore, perhaps, well that one of the Austra lian Premiers should let New Sonth Wales know that 6he cannot play fast and loose with the question of Federa tion, and there is no doubt that the want of progress made in the direction of Federation has to a great extent driven the Federal feeling into the background. Sensation ik Bbigbane-stheet.— The dulntiss whioh pervades our principal streets owing to slack times departed lrom Brisbane street on Saturday afternoon and gave place to a mild sensation, the cause ot which was an unoffending pig. This auimil waB being driven along Brisbane-street, and finding matttn nther tame, determined to got out and walk. The tail-board of the cart fell and gave Monsieur Porker the wished for opportunity to alight, and be eagerly availed himself ot it. Thinking probably that he was being conveyed to his doom, and that it would be hotter to have his hair taken ofi in Christian fashion than scrubbed off with a brick after bis body had been dipped in hot water, he rapidly proceeded into the hair-dressing and shaving saloon of Mr H. Btoner, in Bris bane-street. The wielder of the Bcieeors and nzor evidently thought it would be rather barbarous to shave a pig, so he endeavored to turn the intruder out. This was done and the pig soon found him self in Brisbane-street agoin. A ciowd of small boys bad colleoted, and looked upon a pig obase as rather good fun, so they set up a hue and cry along fit. John street, and succeeded in running the quarry to earth at Holder's picture- frame estab lishment. It may be imagined that the porker was now in a disturbed frame of mind, and he bad to submit to capture. He was carried to the cart, but on boing placed therein he made a tremendous tush and again dashed through his punuers A small garden gate nsxt to Holder's shop was open, and there 'he pursued pig entered and stood at bay, grinding his teeth after the manner of a wild boar. Now, however, he had little chance, spd, bis enejnies closing thiokly around him, he surrendered, and was ignomiciously dragged on his back to the oart, which drove away upon receiving its porcine cargo. A Scabs. — An alarming report was spread in Ulverstone on Thursday (says a Ooait paper) ai to the poisoning of a whole family named Bntler, living on a small farm at Gawler. As one of the boys was walking to school he was taken with a violent fit of vomiting, and fall down ou the roadside. ,He was found there seme time after by a passer by, and tajen into a neighboring cottage in a very exhausted condition, and Dr. Meyers was sent for. In the meantime,' the mother of t)ie family and six children became simi larly a&eoted; with fits of vomiting, and great excitement prevailed in the neigh borhood pending the arrival of the doctor* When Dr. Meyers arrived, having been re called from the Pengain, he found the family seated around the fire, wondering at their state, and speculating amongst themselves as to the cauaes thereof, while seme friends kept anxious watch over the flock for a return of the alarming systems, The boy had already returned home on horseback. Dr. Meyen found that his ser vices were not required, the whole family having recovered, and the only cause that can be aislgned lor this unusual visitation is that the family drank that morning at breakfast the milk of a cow recently pur chased) Successful Peabl Fishifg. — Won dorfnl success hat (aays the Perth coire- j eponpeat of the Argut) attended the pearlers ont westward of Boeburne during the last three months. Parkes Is reported to have obtained 2lb weight of pearls. George Tagg brought in £600 worth, including a drop weighing 72 grains and a short drop weighing 88 gnlns. Charles D. Oarlstvom also struck a lucky find, the take being valued roughly at £660. Tagg's pearls were obtained from two tons of shell only, whioh were obtaioed in Barrow Passage. Native Talskt. — A nnlqno and highly creditable piece of workmanship is on view in one of the windows at the shop of Mr S. J. Woolley, oentral Charles street. The article Is a table top made ot Huon pine and blackwood. and illus trates not only what well applied ingen uity and peneverance can accomplish, but to what admirable and effective purposes our native woods can be applied. Although not of large dimensions the work contains no less than 4090 pieces ot wood. The centre design is a chess beard, and each square composing the design represents a oomplete board. The work was done by Mr F. Olatidge, an employ d of Gunn Bros., at the wharf mill, and has occupied tbe spare hours of many months of patient toil. It is intended for display at the forthcoming Ex hibition at Hobart, and will no doubt attract much attention. Mb D. Boche'b Benefit,— A complimen- 1 I tary benefit concert will be tendered I to Mr D. Boche, who bas been to I lone and favnrablv Imovnhere aa a vanaHit. to-night at the Mechanios' Institute. From the names of the vocalists and musicians published in Saturday's issue as taking part it is fair to surmise the entertainment will be a most enjoyable one. The proceeds will be handed to Mr Boche, who is thus taking his farewell of Launceston* Wharfage Bates.— At a meeting of the Hobart Marine Board a few weekB ago it was deoided to allow the Launceston Board to collect, at tbe latter port, all wharfage dues on goods passing through Hobart, but uponj,tbe matter being further inquired into legal opinion was against tbe concssiion being made. In consequence of this declBlon the subject was brought up for discuBsion at the last meeting of the board, when Warden Fisher moved, and Warden Watohorn seconded — ' That a special meeting be called ter Tuesday next for the purpose of rescinding the resolution, — 11 That thi wharfage be paid on all goods lauded at Hobart for Launceston.' The motion was carried. A Dahgeboub Boad,— Mr O. B. Grabb, trnahpA nf tfc* UntH Tm.f cautions the public against using the OpoBSum-road, beyond the turn ofi to St. Leonards nilway station (and the railway crosalng at BoBetta, as it is in a dangerous condition* The culvert has been washed away, but It will be renewed next week, Tivoli Variety Company. — At the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night the advent of Mr Dave Gardner was greeted with plea sure. The memben of the troupe gencnlly assisted to keep the audience son used, but Mr Gardner's fun kept the mirth at bub bling point throughout the evening. A change of programme will be given to night. A Ghost Appbabbd.— Between 8 and 9 o'clock inst evening great commotion waa caused in upper Charles-street by the ap pearance of a ghost at one of the windows in au empty house opposite the General Hospital. Those who witnessed the vision were considerably alarmed, for the peculiar pallor of the face of a woman who was pass ing to and fro behind the window-pane gave acoentuatlon to the eerie feeling of those who watched. In most cases one look was sufficient to dispel all the oonnge they were possessed of, and without a second glance they shivered, turned, and fled. Timid ladies were not the only sufferen by the unearthly phantom seeking a rest for its disturbed spirit. Gallant and strong men turned (Ale at the sight, and with a quaking sensation at their hearts they, too, were only too glad to get away from the vicinity ot such an uncanny habi tation. At length some of those whose terron lent wiogB to their footsteps hastened to the polioe with the awful tale. Sub Inspector Scott »nd Constable O'Brien entered the house whilst Detective-Sergeant Brannan remained outside. The search at first was fruitless, there was nothing evi dently in tbe - house to cause any alarm. The windows were vaaant and so were the rooms. No one in -flesh and blood, nor yet any unquiet spirit, patrolled the stillness of the unbroken solitude. At length dili gence was rewarded, and an explanation, compatible with ordinary intelligence and common sense, was found for tbe ghost-like , visitant* On the floor of one of the rooms ! Sub-Inspector Soott found a print of the Prinecss of Wale*' head and bust, probably cut out of an illustrated journal many years ago and pasted on cardboard, the exact s:ze 14in by 9in. An examination of the window followed, and it was ascertained that some children had apparently got into the house, and, having rigged up an appantus on which to run the picture, they plajed the prank with the utmost simplicity. By having a taint light in the room and keep ing away from the window, they drew tbe lady's representation to and fro before the pane of glass. The effect of tbe somewhat unique sememe was electrical, and what delight tbe youngsten must have had at the success of their plans may be left to con jecture. One man who saw the ghoBt posi tively declared that he bad at last seen one, and no power on earth would make him pass that way on his homeward journey. The mystery having been satialactoiily solved, the house was securely locked up, and no more apparitions are likely to occur. Dbuids' Ball.— Tbe committee of the ball in aid of the lodge Samaritan fund, to be held on Thunday next, met on Saturday evening, and after disposing of tbe minor basiness checked the tickets and arranged committee for proccsslon and tableaux', the designs for the latter will be completed by to-day. The secretary read letters stating that there would be saveral novel tets, Hans the Boatman and Laun oeston footballers, huntsmen, etc. It was resolved that the stoppage of the salo of ball tickets be left in the hands uf the secretary, and at the request ot several headB of families, it was resolved to iscue able from Mescn. Ohurch and Goodall. These tickets must be applied fur not later 1 than Wednesday next, after which one shilling each will be chaxged. All other details are receiving the earnest considera tion of the committee. Di6tbict Nubsikg Association — The District Nuning Association met at the 1 Mechanics' Institute cn Friday afternoon. Present— Mesdames Allom, J. Barclay, X. H. Fle*man, and W. I, Thrower ; Misses Milne and Mosey ; Messrs. H. Barnes, F. Holmes, J. Stephenson, and H. Weodon. The elec tion of officers for the year was tbe first businesa ol the meeting, the posts of chair man, treasurer, and secretary bfing respec tively filled by Mr Barnes, Mr Weedon, and Miss Mosey. The nurse continues to carry out her duties conscientiously and zealously, and her diary shows a record of 731 viiits paid in the'five weeks ending Ssptember 16th. It has been found impossible to fill Mrs James Barnard'* place as superintendent, but It has been arranged that tbe lady, members of committee shall uuderiake her duties in turn, and it is hoped that this will result in a more general knowledge of and interest in the work of the nurte, Consul fob Hawaii,— Mr W. E. Dixon has been aj pointed Uonsut General for the republic of Hawaii for the Australasian colonies, resident at Sydney. Band of Hope —The monthly meeting of the lnvurmay Wesleyau Baud of Hope was held on Thursday evening last, when a good programme, consisting of songs, recita tions, and a dialogue waa given, the churoh being well filled. The follbwing took part : A. Bnckland, Winnie Stevens, gHWtam-s Oox. tnd Piokford ; Meadan.es Fenny ; Messrs. L*»mbf Obas. Surges, Fenny, Hutchinson, Linwood, M4Clymont, Britton, and ^ Master Linvood. A very pleasant evening was brought to a close about 9 80. The Weatheb.— The fine weather whioh prevailed last week experienced a change early on Sunday morning, when Tain olonds in°oftered down their water suppliei. About 10 30 a.m. the rain ceased, and the weather continued pleasant till about 4 80 p.m., when it again became showery. Several showers fell during tbe evening, and ibe atmosphere waa piercingly cold. Tfcere was every indication late las* night that the weather wouli continue to be unfavorable ; out atmospheric changes are so sudden and frequent at this time ot the year that nobody would be Bftrprtod to see it tur® qui Football Accident.— During the pro gress ot the prtmiership football engage ment at Blphln on Saturday afternoon, between the Launceston and South Laun ceston teams, a member of the last-named twenty, A. Larter, tqet with a painful acoi dent, his nose being broken. The unfortu nate occurrence happened at au early stage in the opening quarter of the game, and during a scrimmage near the goal posts at the southern end of the area, Larter was In the aot ef picking up the ball at the time when the boot of one of the playen came in contact with bis nose. A hole was knocked in the side of the member, and according to tho nature of the wound it is supposed that the injury wai inflicted by something pro jecting from the sole of a boot. Young Larter was immediately brought into the city, and his injury was attended to by Dr. G. demons. Cemetery Deseoratobb.— There is un happily a class of penous in the city who have not the slightest f aeliug for those who wieh to pay respect to their dead friends by placing floral wreaths and croiies on their graves. Complaints are numerous as to the, frequency of the grave-robbing outrage, and it would be well if some decisive steps were taken to put an end to it. Prob ably the best way of doing this would be to inflict oondign punishment on the first per son convicted of laroeny of flowers from a grave. Ihe oaretakon of the cemeteries are keeping a sharp look out in the hope of catching the desecraton. Importation nv TRnnnnawRRBn.— The s.s. Ooopee, which arrived from Melbourne on Baturday, brought three horses, including two imported by Mr Trestall, of Victoria— the imported English roadster Nobleman, and the thoroughbred The Baron— whioh he intends to exhibit at the show and parade on Wednesday next. S.P.O.A.— We are requested to state, for the benefit of those taking part in the com petitions offered at the show of the Northern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society on Wednesday, by tho Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, that all horses shown must be harnessed. Accidents— On Baturday afternoon a cabman named James WiUUms, Skged 80, and a resident of Bathurst-street, was admitted to the General Hoapital suffering from a fracture of the leg, the aooldent having been the result ot a slip from the cab-wheel. His injuries were attended to by Dr. Drake.— LaBt evening Sr. W. G. Maddox was called to attend a sailor on board the barque Deeapolis named Hemmel PefcfiTBnn. fnnnri Mm -t frn-m m compound fracture of the right leg. The doctor at once ordered him to the Genenl Hospital, and the injured limb bled pro fusely while he was being conveyed thither. Dr. Parker attended to him. 11 As You Lieb It.'— Playgoen and ad* mirera ot Shakespeare's works will be glad to note that 11 The Mulls ' will prodnoe Bhakcspeare's beautiful comedy, ' As Tou Like It,' at the Academy of Music on Wed nesday evening. The merits of the initial production of this oharmlng pastoral play by ' Tbe Muffs ' are trash in the minds ot the amusement loven of tbe oity. Tbe perfor mance is to be presented with all the ac cessories in the shape ot pretty scenery, attractive dresses, and splendid music which marked tne recent productions. The dresB circle plan was opened on Baturday morn ing, and it is gratifying to note that the booking up to the present has been satis factory. A large audience is anticipated, and the performance may deservedly be re commended as worthy ol patronage. Public Works Tenders,— The follow ing tenden have been aecepted for the undermentioned works :— Boad from achool at Ticehurst to selections at White Kangaroo Bivulet, W. H. and G. lies, £10 Is ; road from main-road to Jacobs' boat harbor, con tract 8, W. Smart, £210 ; road, Bull Hill road, east side, on Bagged Tier, contract 8, A. W, Brown, jun,, £61 2s 6d ; ro»ds, parish of Glenorohy, road to Albert and Elugg's selec tions, contract 16, H. Darko, £20; roads, parish of Dallas, road to O. B. Hogarth's and other selections, contract 13, J. Hawley and Company, £42 Ua Bd, contract 14, J. Hawley and Company, £19 6d ; roads, Springfield and Scottsdale district, road to A. Farquahar*s selection, oontraet 64, A. Cunningham, £9 17s 6d ; cartage of metal on HuoB-road, between Lower Longiey and Vince's, J. Hawkes, at lid per cubic yard. 