> , . V ON CONJURING. Books on oonjuring probably do not teaeh many peoplo how to oonjnro, because printed desoriptions of dolicato movements are so difii- oult'to follow.' The most elaborate desoriptions of how to tie a simple "jam knot" in a cast ing line are of loss value than a practical ox- ample. We can scarcely hope, therefore, that Professor Hoffman's Drawing-room Conjur- ing will enable young persona to compete with Jannes and Jambres. In spite of the great part whioh tlieso magicians play in the Bible, Egyptian papyri havo. not: yet, wo balleye, thrown much light upon the Egyptian Bbs'oos nnd'Katof feltos, "nor doe's Egyptian his) tory say muoh about foats.likb those rcoortlod in ExoiIub. Yet it is probable that to ho "mas ters of magio and spells " was common' enough in Egypt as in nioat Oriental And even savage countries., ,'i'lio .Hindoos havo . a . great and deserved reputation in . this Z way, which they have long enjoyed. The famous rope trick is an example. In tho open air the conjurer throws up a rope, whioh fixes. A man ollmbs it and goeB out of sight. Another ' follows him with a knife, outs him up and throws down his limbs. These' are put into a olotli, and the dismombored man walks up quito well, from outside the oirclc. Tho Indian uowBpaporii, ovory now and then, contain accounts of this triok, wjiich, unluckily, do not staud tho test of orosa-cxamination. Perhaps the oldest acoount of the performance is given by Ibn Batata, an Arab travoller of the thirteenth century. He saw tho triok done, and it made him feel very unwell. On the other hand, lie mentions that a oonntrymun of his own, also present, said that " there had boon neither ooming up nor going down ; it waB all hoeus-poous." Ic is not olear whothor this astuta Arab saw nothing, or whether lie merely inferrod that his eyes had been deeoived. Perhaps there, is no other de ception so gennine and authontio as that of Ilm Batuta. Ho also saw cups and other objeots movo untouched, at the court of the King of Delhi, and, on both occasions, coin- piainod afterwards of sickness and hoadaoho. This triok of Hying oups was in the repertoire of D.- D. Homo, and it was also oxliibitod about 1540, at tho court of a Caciquo of Peru, where tho Christians attributed it to dovll. How far it is possibio thus to deceive the eyes, and cost a glamor over the observers, is a diffi cult question. A liypnotisod patient may per haps believe that he sees what lio is told to sec, but how can anyono hypnotiso a crowd ? It was Hearno, wo think, in tho last oontury, on tho Coppor Mino River, who saw a red man Hwallow a hugo hoard of wood. " Of course," lie soys, " I know he did not swallow it ; but as far as tho -ovidenoo of my souses went, ho did." The travoller was told that, the week before, tho conjuror had swallowed a cradle i Tlieso feats are not like the morely mechanical trick of swallowing q sword— tho eye is really do- oeived. A story goos. round tho world ovory now and thon of an officer who climbed into a tree whilo' si Hindoo conjurer was performing, nnd who saw thnt nothing, .really ooourred. This, nnd tho other talo about photographing a conjurer, whan tho negative.showsd nothing but tho conjurer emjity .handed, would of oourso confirm tho dootrine of a hypnotio fraud on the apootators. But, unluckily, there is no evidence for these tales j they break down on examina tion. The best known caso of a collective hallucination is givon by that famous pedlar, Patrick Walker, who wroto the lives of Peden, Cameron, and other saints of tho Covenant. Patriok was prosont when a multitude of peoplo saw a battle in the olouds, with swords and bon- nots dropping to the ground. Thoy de- soribod the fashions of tho swords, some bnskot-hiltcd, somo rapiers, and so forth. A gentleman who oame to scoff remained to gaze, and loudly oxclaimed that tiio phenomena were undeniable. Meanwhilo Patrick Walker, though as superstitious as any other belated Camcronian, saw— nothing at all ! The oiowd who saw must havo been victims of self sugges tion. Perhaps uo other collective halluoinatiou ie so woll attested, Patriek having every desire to believe. But hero there was no conjuror pro- sent, or no man recognisad in that capacity. It is curious that science has not yet discovered how tiieso tricks are managed, though thore arci some trioks_ which Hindoo magioians will sell, trieks of sleight of hand, like the Mango Tree triok, at least as generally practised. Of course the lookers on report, not what they see, but what they are pcrauadod to believe they see — a very different matter. Professor Hoffmann's Frcnoli authority con tains somo spiritunlistio tricks, hut, ns the profossor says, they "lmvo not tho remolost resemblance to the stook manifestations of tho 'spirit' mediums." The moving coin is mado to movo by jerking a thread, which can only be dono at some distance from the speotators. ThoFrcnoh original explains "table turning" by the assertion that somebody pushes on pur pose, the rest follow, nnd that is all. Most peoplo who try single handed with a light table will find that tho pushing may bo done unconsciously, the experimenter being un able to deteot tho impulse given by his own musolos. In 1853, when theso things were fashionable, Count Agunor de Gnspnrin tried several curious experiments. Half a dozen people sitting round n threo leggod table, tho number of times that tho table was to lift its leg and hit the floor was communicated in writing to the. person who sat in front of tho leg whieli was to rise. lie, of course, could not mechanically raise that leg while his hands woro above the table, and tho others wore not in tho scorct. Nevertheless tho leg behnved as re quired. Unless the person in the secret had a codo for communicating by signals to the otliors, or had shoo makers' wax on his fingers, this movement was not easy to explain meohanioally. Again, feats. woro porformed which, according to the count, the compnny could not do by oonseious exertion of all their strength. Finally tho table was dusted all over with flour, ao that, if touohod, the finger marks would be visible. The company held tlioir hands above it, without contact, yet it rose in tho air and ro tated. The count, who disbelieved in "spirits," published a book and lottors on tlieso move ments, but was not listened to by men of soienoc. Unless, liko Patriok Walker's orowtl, they all thought they saw what they did not see, tho fuats are dillioult to explain. Tiiero was no ono present, like tho worthy pedlar, who failed to see what tho others saw. Tlieso are things beyond tho drawingroom oonjuring of Professor Hoffmann, who refers students to his notes oil the translation of Houdin's Secret J of Stage Conjuring. The common spiritunlistio secret, among Australian blaoks and ancient Groeks, as now, is to do everything in tho dark, but that is not preoiscly satisfactory to tho inquiring mind. The Red Indian trick of rubbing a live squirrel out of a dried squirrel skin is not given here, but tho profossor offers a similar triok with a half-crown. The art of rapping with clio toe joints probably cannot be taugbt. The oonjuror is horn, not mado. There is a good Hihdu'triok with a rupee. The spoo- tator holds his' own rupee in ids fist, witli knuokles upwards. Tho conjurer taps the knnckles with bis hand, something stirs.in tho spectator's hand, he opens it, and out falls no rupeo, but n scorpion. Can Professor Hoffmann tell us how this is done ? Nothing can bo more disappointing to the mind than Mr. Keller's article . on . Red Man's Magio in the A' or Hi American llevicw. Mr. Keliar's position is ndmirabio ; lio is a professed oonjuror and cxpoaer of spiritualistlo oharlatans. He dooa not admit the notion of " the super natural" in: theso oxerolses; As Aristotle re marks— rather in the spirit 'of the Old Hermit of Prague, who never saw pen and ink— " things that lisppon are possible, for, if they were uot possibio, they would not happen." But - Sir. Keller has seen things happen whioh most :men (who hnve not seen them) reokon impossible. He has seen a Mr. Eglinton float high in the air. He has seen "high "olass Fakirs " (we must not spcll'this word with an "e") do the same thing. - Ho ,liaa. seen- a Zulu in John Dunn's reservation make another Zulu float in the air. The- same feat, acoording ' to Dr.- Gregory, of Edinburgh, ' was oboomplislied by a 'white' man, Sir. Lewis. . Unluckily, Dr. Gregory did not seo 'this phenomenon, but' lio did soo Mr. Lewis very, - nearly -bring - it off. -However,- tho Zulu : succeeded, in pleasing ; oirouiqstnnoos of good taste. A' gentleman liko Mr. Kellnr, who oan see so muoh, might : be expooted to holiold great things among Red Indians. "Jlomme de lien qui voyez tint de ehosci," we may say to him, like Lx Fontaine's Shepherd, what did you seo the Indians do ? Muoh is expected, Mr. Gilnnoll, in his excellent Faience Tales, hns - astral bodies, clairvoyance, the maize triok (done without cover) and many other doliglitful marvels, vouched for by gentlemen white and tt Rut Mr. Kcllar has aeon next to nothing; Ho aid, indeed, see a Sioux inedioine man shoot half a dozen arrows straight up, and — they never came down ! The explanation that tho Sioux a tont may havo boen supported by a bar of magnotio iron can liardly apply, as the arrowe were flint tipped. But, when Mr. Kellar wanted to buy the triek, tho Sioux was not to be found. Sir. Kellnr addH the well known Moqut anake dance, on whioh Captain Bourke, of tho U.S. Cavalry, has written. He tells a tale, on the authority of Jim Beclcwourth, aboufc a medicine man who made his shield rise high in air without contact. Unluckily Mr. Bcolcwourth's reputation for veraoity was of the lowest. Mr. Kellar, in a spirit of deplorable ignorance, adds that Indians do not sec ghosts, pon'fcthey? John Tanner, a whito boy oaught by Indians, camped on a spot notoriously haunted by ghosts of two men with the same totem who had killed eaoh other. He saw tho spooks, and gives tho nativo name for them. You cannot havo a name for ghosts in the language of a race whioh has not tho conception of ghosts. It is plain that Mr. Kellar must resume his studies. Such powers of socing marvels should not bo thrown away. As soon as tho Jesuits went among the tribes whioh tortured them so cruelly, they encountered sorcerers. At first Father Lcjeune disbelieved in the wholo affair j later ho revised his opinion. It is a ourioua fact that, at a given, line far north, including Eskimo, Duno and Sarooyods, the sorcerers are tied up tightly when they hold a stance, as they are among Australian blaoks (in some canes), and were among the Greeks and Egyptians. South of the imaginary line, the sorcerer is shut up in a strong narrow funnel, called a medicino lodge, and this waves, bows and beoks, as if emitton with ft violent wind. European ob« servers declare that two men could nob shake it from without, but its motion is compared to that of a ship's mast in a storm. A catechumen of Ffttber Lcjoune's, about 1637, saw the con jurer fly out at tho top 1 The father was not present, nor did lie test tho firmness of the structure. Other marvels, bettor attested, were reported by the martyred Father Brobouf, who, all the time, was having his own' Oatholio miracles. This medicine lodgo is usod by Ojib- ways, Hurons, Iroquois and in Labrador. These arc the people, these and the Fawnees, among whom Mr. Kellar might pick up marvels and tricks for his own repertoire. If 'he can do what Mr. Grinnell says the Pawnees dq. jhis - fortune is secured. And, if thoy will not; soil their trioks, it is something to have puzzled a professional conjurer. Mr. ICollar is quite in earnest with his Fakirs and Zulus ; a conjurer has nothing to gain by admitting that he has been baflled. In ft notorious case, how- evor, whon a Fakir was sitting in mid air, a sceptical aide de camp made a rush at him, and found that ho was pcrohed on & wire. This would uot explain the Zulu case, but it " casts a seeming blot," as Increase Mather savi. on the mild but intelligent Hindoo « —Daily Dims, 