CHAPTER III. “THKEE HUNTERS HAKBOUB A STAG." Maid' went back to London as he had come—a hunch-backed pedlar tramping doggedly on dusty reads, noticed by many, recogn:sei by none. At midday he rr entered the house in Batchers’ Row. The June ann flamed upon its projecting gables, only ti throw into stronger relief its timber aid-plaster's lcproui decay. No life stirred about the place, A dead house at night— in daylight it was a dead hoese still. Maade was sick with fatigue. His fragile farm had already accomplished prodigies, and the reaction cimr upon him fiercely as ha closed the bouee’s side-door behind him. Ha staggered, and leant heavi'y agaisBt the passage-wail, panting. But the fwies which rimed within him conquered this collapse. He nerved Iromblirg limbs and restrained distressed breathing, and slipped up steep stairs to a email upper room, where ha pnt off the Isma pedlar He washed the steins from his face, pnt on a grey jerkie, scrupu lously dressed his curling black hair, fixed a fresh yellow rt se behind bis left ear, and ad justed his feathered cap rakishly. He wai Ciptain Fortescue’s serving man again. No one had seen h;m leave the house—no one had sum him enter it. With a bustling step now, he strode down to the lower room, giving good morning by the way to a deaf old woman who stirred late, and acted as sole caretaker; then calm, cvl, sni col’eetad, as if just risen f om a prolonged rest—hs stood by Mr Bal lard's side. An agitated deep convulsed the silken | priest in the soldier's habit. It appeared to hare struck him down suddenly before he could rise from the table sti'l spread with the fruga’ remains of the overnight's meal, i A elass half-emptied stood by his Bide. Mr Maude took up this haif-smptiid glass, smiling the slow rmUe of the poisonsr. He looked at it curiously, smelt it,*then emptied it, washed it carefully, and replaced it by th* sleeping man’s side. Mr Ballard rasanwhile lay back in an arm chair, hi* face working convulsively, asd great drops of perspiration standing upon bis brow, Now and again his p trehed lire moved imp’orlngiy, and in aro tot dreadful despair, he repeatedly made the Biga of the Cross. It was not till Mr Maude had three or four limes shaken him roughly that he awoke ; and then he started to his f set with trembling bauds tearing at his collar, and with eyes fixed in an agonised stare as if at s<-m* unseen horror above. I Farce mihi, Demine J su I' he cried piteously. Maude smiled. This smile was of kin dred kind to the one which had wreathed his lip so significantly on the Dover-read. He laid bis white hand on the still t’azid priest’s shoulder. “ Cam'1, Father, come I" he laid pleasantly. “ Wb are not at Tyburn yet," Mr Ballard shuddered. Then he rose to his test, and paejd th* room without (peak ing. But for seme moments his step, usually bo firm, wandereJ, and his face re mait (4 blanched with the terror of his dream. A burniug thirst, moreover, parched him; a dreadful singing throbbed in hiB ears; and he saw dimly as one does on re covering from a swoon. He seized npon a jar of water which stood by the table, and drank a deep draught. The i he ayed Maude kesnly. “ May I never sleep more,” he raid, if to slerp means so to dream." He put bis hands to his heart, and then locked at them in a Btrange, shrinking, dazed sort of way, as it he half expected to sie them blood-stained. Maude smiled ‘tha same smile again at this gesture. “ Y< u have slept twelve hours nstwith standisg,” he said. How I Is it midday 1 By this we should have been well on our rosd into Derbythire I Why woke yon mt not at dawn, Maude, as I desired ?” Father, you needed rest. It mUliked me to disturb you. Your sleep seemed to me so sweet.” Once more Mr Ballard shuddered. II My dreams were bittsr,” he said ; then going on in the accsnts of a sort of stern self reproach, "but I dessrved their sting, Maude, for what bat eold'er, so dedicated as myself, to do with sleep 1” " The most untiring must some day rash” 11 Best I" cried Mr Ballard with a sigh, and a wan, upward glanca of longlug, befora whioh the heaven of hit faith opsned its inestimable treasures; “ rest I" he cried, “ The only true rust will come to me at last, and the time, it may bt, is not far distant. But the great work has yet to be dm* that may gain it I Much has to be endured, Mande, before that—that b’essed day may dawn I Weariness, my son, and bittsr way farings and sorrow. And it may be torment and death I” “ The Blessed Virgin forfend," said Maud*. Mr Ballard, for answsr, fell on his knees and prayed. Mr Maude, also on his kitts, watched with confused feelings which he conld cot fathom, but which htd in them something of superstitions fear, the fierce ontponrings of this soul of iron, as he sought Heaven's assistance for a work whioh Maida had already doomed. The crael irony of life struck this accurssd spy’s blunted sense so profoundly, that for a moment he even felt moved to relrut, A blind impn’so seized him to tell all; to show himself in his true colors; to reveal the di e vista of this jour ney now being consecrated j to be human— to be pitifal for once I Bat if the birth of such fellings in each hearts be rare, their life also is transient. The seven devils which porseBEei this sgsnt were not to be so easily cast ont. Mr Ballard's prayer ended sud denly, Mr Maude was still Mr Mande, whin be, too, rose from his knees. Within an hour, tha two, riding tide by >ide, silent, but .'ni-parable as ever, ware on their road into Derbyshire. But though the very flower of his purpose was to ba plucked at this jou ney’s snd, no -ueb fiery speed mi ksd Mr Bal’srd’s pas tegs northwards *• th > wbi:h astounds J to’*nJtowe",»Bdh»ml ,n tilt long mohai of ths Dlv'T road It was perhaps this very nearness to his design which made him cloak !iid emotion nsder the semblsncs of ltisnn ly tiavil. This soldier of fortune on fmrl ugh, and his sprnca ssiYing*man, aS»me as they wars with the fire of drtadfnl intention, moved northwards moderately; inaed for the night at moic frequented homes ; the serviag man extremely attentive, with a sort of strained attention, almost, to his master, bet very respectfully keeping hit place; his master bearing himsslf as tem perately as a Low Gauntry captain might; brusquely civil to fellow-travellers on the rotd ; decently festive at tha board ; with a teoed story of adventure always ready to flavor iha wine cup, mi a soldier’s glance properly appretiative of chambermaids’ neat anklts. So these two travailed. Captain Fortescue riding leisurely forward, with his serving mau always closely pressing to his Bide; popular with most psople, suBpseted by none ; till on the evening of the fourth day the gables oi the Peacock Inn at Wingfio d shone against the sanset. Here they alighted. At sight of the familiar scene, Ballard’s mind went bsck to the inoident of she year before. He recalled hejes th»n «> pressed for the triumph of the Oathol.c Cause, now so suddenly to bs accomplished. His heart burned within him. But he re mained outwardly calm, and desired the landlord to show him to a private room. Mr-Heads, having performed that part ot his oulwaTd duty which lay in seeing the borsoe comfortably quartered, hastened to report the event to his master. Hs found him closeted with another sol dier, red-bearded, fiery-eyed, whose brazen looks, harsh voice, and defiant manner gave more evidence perhaps of long companion ship with hard servics than was to be noticed in Captain Fo.-teicne’s gentlemanly enthusiasm. The stranger's claim to soldier’s title was real, and had been sained on dec '.'•rate fields nudtr the Dike of Parma. Mr Maude eyed him suspiciously. Hi knaw the man. But his master bad not prepared him for ths m«eting. He mistrusted ih a score tisensss. Mr Ballard, however, appeared completely at his ease, »• Tins is Mr Savage,” he said, " who was the first to take this great deed upon him, as 1 have before advised yon!” “ Mr Maude and myself are already acquainted,” said Savage. “By report,” said Mr Maude. Hr Savage turned on his heel. " By rep rt," he echoed, and spat on the floor. The words were spoken disdainfully, and the action which followed them did not inspire confidence. Mr Maude put his hand on his Bword softly. The other, how ever, appeared neither to notice nor to care what men thought of his actions. A sort of brutal desperation breathed from him. He strode to the door, opened it, looked out, as if to satisfy himself against eavesdroppers, then closed it again, and swaggered up to Mr Ballard “ By God, Bir,” he said, “ this politic delay of yours in < he deliverance of this Buffering realm heaves my heart np! Month i eince, under Dr G'ffoi d'a directions at Bheims, I, John Savage, took this deed upon my sole shoulders. By yon have I been put; back from it on the plea of sorer ways to be discovered. Time passes, and nothing is accomplished. I have waited for you here these three days. I have a mind to post London ward i myself on the iustant and put end to the business.” Such determination shone in the man’s speech and get tare that Maude trembled for tho miscarriage of his plau. The success of his share of it demanded no such precipitancy. He looked at Mr Ballard miegivingly. But he had no cause for fear. In the presence of the real soldier Mr Ballard put eff the soldier’s habits. Ha beoame the silfcea priect—resolute as steel, as un breakable, bub in manner pliant and polished. “ The • enthusiasm natural to the moment/’ he said softly, “and, indeed, inseparable from it, excuses in my eyes suoh rash ebullitions as these. They are, however, to be avoided, leading as they surely do—as events have so repeatedly demonstrated—to the failure of schemes the most maturely planned, and thence to the quartering-block at Tyburn. No one, Mr Savage, doubts your z ;al in this busi ness ; nor, so far as I am aware, does any oae deny that you first took it upon your self- The question is not one of your intention, but of your capacity, unaided to carry that intention safely into ell set. OE this point, heads, perhaps, sir, more politic than jours, have thought fit to be doubtful; and, in suoh case, a little more 3elf-restraint might perhaps become you in the presenoe of your spiritual superior.” This rebuke was delivered with an easy fluency, au extreme politeness and a delicate irony which barbed every sentence, and sent the lesson intended t« be conveied by it straight to the hearer’s heart. Mr Savage's brutal effrontery left him; his bold glance drooped before Mr Ballard’s steady gaza. “ What is to be done, sir ? ' he asked. ‘•We wi,l dine first, at your good pleasure,” answered Mr Ballard calmly, -for Mr Maude here and myself have been for hours in Baddle.” Then, when Mr Savage had returned from giving the suggested order, Mr Ballard said to him, quietly “ Has Mr Savage during his three days’ sojourn here—which l am sorry to have so prolonged—made it his business to dis cover the shcrcest road to Mr Anthony Babington's at Dethiok ?” *• l know the road blindfold.” “ That is well,” said Mr Ballsrd j “ we will ride there after dinner.” The three sat down to a dish of trout from the Amber, a capon, and a flask of fine claret, reserved solely by a Catholic landlord for palates profoundly orthodox As they did so, a slovenly-dresied, country looking gentleman delivered a sealed letter into Mi Anthony Babington’s hands as he was pacing the smooth sward of the bowling-green of his house at Dethiok, three miles away, his fair head bent in a sort of melancholy dejection, his fine eyes fixed dreamily on a long view of swelling tiillB, snnset-lighted, and waving purple woods—above which rooks stooped cawing —and green fields along which lengthen ing shadows lingered. Mr Babington no longer resembled the tranced horseman of the year before. A year’s lapse had tinged his life with soberer colours. Before leaving for France Mr Ballard had sent him word that great events might be expected, and also a cipher for future use. Bat he had heard nothing farther since, and the motive-power which tr bis ears had lent vague hops significance had gradually lost its strength. Circumstances which even to his sanguine enthusiasm seemed insnr mountable had parted him for ever from the object of his blind worship. The Queen of Scots was no longer a respect fully guarded guest at Wingfield, Chata worth, or Bnxton, enjoying that amount of liberty which permitted to her blind adorer a sight, however transient, of the supreme object of his strange passion j but a .close prisoaer at Ohartley Manor House, under the lock and key of a mere Leicestrian, whose precise Puritanism winked at no peccadilloes. Th« great spiritual passion of a Dante can alone flame unfed. And in the wild ecstasy of adoiation which had bound young Bab ington a trancad cap iva in tha long train of victima to Mary S:awart’s tsrrible beauty an aarthlier fira burned. A moment's glimpse of her between long absences sint his blood rioting. Through tha length of mad, lonely rides by moonlight, by sanaat, over wavs which .the might have trod, through scinary which hir eyes must hava dwelt oa, madden ing memories of her strange physical beauty hurt his brain. The warm pressure of her long white fingers still seared his hsnds. A subtle psrfame from her gloves, a perfnma peculiarly hsrs, intoxicated him. Sudden visions rresmtsd themselves of htr swift walk; of htr figura'a easy sway fiom the waist i of the beauiifsl will smile as of som-i witch which transfigured bar pals face tndd.uly; of the loog-lidded e;es, now melting, no* shining wickedly life* »tra«ge jewels. No strayed reveller smitten by the. goddess roamed more fiercely over the nuon lightad slopes of Oltlis'on than Anthony Babingtou did over the green hills about hi« Derbyshire home when msmories such as these stang him to madness. Than, indsed, he was the fanatio who would have impaled himself, smiling, a zealot who wonld have walk'd through fl:a for a smils. But now that he had been so long parted from the cause, the madness gradually left him, Alary Staart lived in his memory, indeed, as hit lawf al Sovereign treacherously he'd in bonds, for whose cease all true Catholic swords should start from their Boabbards at her ileast sign; yet tha. other side of his devotion to her—that hiddea side, which, unnoticed at it remain*, endowed chivalry with real force—began slowly to die out. A marriage, arranged though it wat for fortune’s Bake, helped to smother it. A ohild was born, and the flame dwindled lower. Bat, faint as it was, the fire smouldered still, ready at a moment’* notice to burst out. That moment was come. As Babingtou, with a enrioeity scarcely rouse', took this letter which the lcutish-looking country geatltman handed to km, a strange, terrible per fume diffus'd itself. Babington’s brain reeled. HU whole blood surged up wards at this scent, which annihilated a year'B lapse in a moment, and brought him once more in communion with the passion of his life. White at a ghost,, he plucked at the fastenings with trembling fingers, i The letter vs as written in cipher. The cipher ■eat to him by Ballard was now to b« used. Babin'ton sank on to a garden b*nch. For a space ha was unable to pustasa himself of hi* treasure from sheer exc.timent. His •yei reeled s > in his head that ha eoald see nothing; hie hands tremble J, as if an ague fit held h m. Than ptiufvlly, with the cipher’s aid, he retd the fol'oviug lines, [brief, commonplace, matter of faot, but [ whose terrible influence wa* toiek a tragedy in action :— “Trusty and Well-Beloved,— “ Tbie is not to assure you of our faith in your fidelity ta oarsnlvss, of which wa have proof abundant; but to give yen note that we have heard from our servant Morgan, from Parle, that your thoughts art still of us, and wait opportunity solely to frnctify in dasdt. Enow as well that this naw channel opened for correspondence is assured, of which the bearer will more fu ly acquaint you.—From Chartlay, this day of Jane, 11 Mary, the Qetin “ To the most dingulshed Catholic, Master Anthony Babington at his house at Da thick." For some moments after reading it, Bab ingtom stood staring, astoun led at thiB letter, clasped in both hands, as dazed fo all sur roundings a* might be some buccaneer who, after traversing subterranean pass-ges, over coming unheard-of obstacles, and faint with despair and fatigue, fouad himself suddenly at a corridor’s turn, alone and living in the in&xhaastibie; treasure-trove of Pern l Pre sently he recovered himself slightly, and from the letter, which ha still held oiaBpad, his aye passed to the bearar. “And yen, sir—who are recommended to mo in this lettsr,” he said—" who are you The yonng msn, who was d'essed simply as a country squire, and lookad a loutish specimen of his class, replied simply that ha was Thomas T«iffen, master of a neighbor ing i state of Brocklsy, soma twelve miles distant, which Babington knew by name. Mr Twiffen further alleged that, in the morning of that day, a Catholic neighbor, resident twelve mile* from him. gave him the packet, tolling him no more than that it waB of supreme importance to th.i cause, which wai a l that his neighbor had been t ild by a third Catholic squirt who had brought it to the neighbor. That no doubt a line of communication had be n so opened to Dethick from where nver the latter came from. Farthermore tha youcg cquire was naable to depan*. He was, howeTcr, glad that a matter of supreme importance to the cause had led him to thus mace me acquaintance oi inr Dioiu^.on, or whose ctf of Stophounda! ha had often! heard, Would he ride orer and Baa him one dayf Ha, Mi Twifim, brewed excellent home-bser—or rather his housekeeper dil. Be wai obliged, bat at the moment he would not try a glass of Mr Bablngtoa's—-having somawhit txeseded himself after a day’s fiffling the night before. Meanwhile, M’ Btblogtoa might underatan1 that any answer to the delivered letter might be sifely en trusted, Beated, into his (MrTwiffan’a) hinds, when ha would carry it to hie neighbour, and hia neighbour’s neighbour would carry it forward. Whi h explanation* given, he paid hi* adieux clumsily, aud luic'ied eff, attended bv Bibirgtou to hiB bone. Feverishly Babisgton returned to the garden. Desperation sat upon him. Was ha not in tru'.h bawitche < ?—a doomed mi-’, after a brief Te<pite, stricken again l y the goddess? Subtle, myatariout estenc-B breathed from the lettar clenched in hia hand, monnted to hia braiu. intox'cat d hi-n. Made wa« in the air. Krerywhe e, in the moonlight’a B'lver ih>en fi oding wood and dale, in the deep* at depths < f th* garden’s verdurous gioom, impa pable presences fl >*ted. The air was alive. F*le faces, wreathsd in mystic smiles, peered at him; white tapering fiigtrB, dogged with Btranga jewels, beckoned him forlornly to soma fantastic goal; from bash and b iar the metallic gleam of sbirng eyaa allured ; everywhere lu this garden, heavy with the roses’ scent, visible memorise of his mistress s beauty riotously thronged. V«m herself was in possession I Venus in raff and farthingale, with gold crucifix hanging from her waist, and a missal in hit pale hands, bat as deatb-dsaliug in this guise as any goddess of Greek's frenzied vision rising nngirdled from the sea. As fester and fas er his brain b rio’ous creations swarmed npou him, the myetio side of Bsbing ton's passion mingled itself with his religious enthusiasm, and found vsnt in one rantnrous exclamation in which 'ovs became faith, ‘ " Mary I ” ha cried—his hands stretohed forth, his haggard faca tnrnsd upward* to the moonlight—'* Mary 1 Adored I Sacred 1 White Rose of our Holy Church I Q teen of thy slave’s humblest homage I Wnatever thou biddest ma 1 will d > I For thy sake I will walk through fire 1 Command me only that thou may’at prove my devotion I T s ; me now to the bitterest uttermost, now even now—that thou may’st assure thyself of my faith I ’’ There came, as if in ans wer to his delirinm, a sudden, soft, muffled knocking at the garden's side-gate. It was to soft, eo depre cating, thie knocking, that the enthusiast supposed at first thavit waB fancied; but se' it emtinusd almost without osasiug, bat always ss toft, msfflid, and depreoating as knocking conld ba. Bibiogton went suddenly to the door, and epensd it, Three motionless figures stood silent in the moonlight. (To be Continued..} 