CHAPTER XI. KNC031PASSR1 WITn DAHKNE33. It was night, the tardy darkness of a May evening, and Brandon Mountford was sitting in the dismal old building by the sea, which had served as a prison- house for many genera tions of poachers, sheep-stealers, and smug glers; marauders and depredators on land and water; rioters and inaubordinates of every kind; bad served as a prison-house in those bitter days when the oriminal code was a law written in blood, and the full stop of every sentence was a hempen necklace. If the ghosts of all the men and women to whom those four bare walls had been the antechamber of the grave could have haunted the place, the air would have been thick the epirits of wretohod creatures whose doom, looked at in the milder light of to-day, appears judicial murder. It was what the country people oalled an ' "unkod" plaoe. The crumbling plaster on the bare walla was blotohed and blurred with straggling stains and patches of damp, and all along the lower part of the walls there had crept a dull, slimy moss, like green rust, whi'e the briek flooring was slippery with the same parasite growth. Cobwebs had thiokened in every oorner, and the spider had her fill of vagabond flies which came in at the grating when the place was empty, for the iron-barred window was left open day and night. The furniture consisted of a table and two ohaits, large, heavy, and clumsily made, but which perhaps from their age might have been preoious in the estimation of the oolleotor. There was a wide old fireplace, with a grate half eaten away with rust, and which still con tained the ashes of a fire burnt months ago. Dust and grime were upon everything, desola lation and decay were in the very atmosphere of the place, an all-pervading odourof dirt and smoke and mildew. Desolation and despair were in the sounds that came -in at yonder rusty grating, the moaning of the barren sea, the shrill wail of the rising wind. The custodian of this dog-kennel had been oivil, forafterall Mr. Mountford was a gentle man, and,- even if be were guilty and had to swing for it, be must have friends who would be likely to acknowledge any kindness shown him in his dark hour. . With that oouviction Ooxon, the village oon stable. had provided comfortable meals which the prisoner hardly tasted, had offered to light a fire, whioh tjtie prisoner deolined, and had brought a newspaper and a pair of oandles when evening closed in, and had sent a lad to Ellerslie for a ohange of linen and a supply of tobacco. Brandon's pipe bad been his only solaoe during those long barren epaoes of time before and after the inqnest. He had not read a line of the provincial newspaper whioh had been brought for hie entertainment. He had sat and stared at the sky, and pondered gloomily —brooding upon the story of the past — reoalling old impressions—bub, moBb of all, recapitulating the history of the malady to whioh he was eubjeot, as he had read it in the text booke—a dismal and a harmful study to a man in his oase. The image of the Bavarian peasant had been with him in bis solitude, the man in whom the impulse towards murder was so strong »"ten denoy that with eaoh fresh crisis of his malady ,the struggle with his own impnlssB had been fieroer and sterner, and with eaoh reoovery there had been in the patient's mind a wonder ing thankfulness at nob having succumbed to thai savage longing—at having got over the i attook without satisfying the fever-thirst for blood. Brandon Mountford pondered the story, of this nnhappy being; a man whose boyhood and youth had been mild and inoffensive; in whose warped nature the- hideous inolination towards evil, bad only oome with ripening manhood. He compared the Bavarian's history with his own. -l'ill.yesterday bis paroxysms had been of a mild and normal oharaoter; but yesterday he-had felt the gloom of an overwhelming despair, a burden too heavy to be borne, until, as he sank deeper and deeper into that dark ; gulf of despondenoy, it bad seemed as if all the powers of bell were let loose in his brain. A rage, an agony, a revolt against Fate, had taken possession of him. He thought ol the girl who loved him and offered herself to him, j and whom ho dared not take to the heart that yearned for her—dared not because of theourse j that was laid uponmim. i He oried aloud in his anguish that the ourse was devilish, not the ahastiseraent of a just! and merciful God, but the mocking torment of devils_ rejoicing in their power to make man's best gifts of no avail. To-night in the Btill monotony of his shabby j prison-house, where the fitful light of the J smoky candles played fantoBtio tricks with the dark wallstains as the flame wavered with every breath of wind from the sea, to-night be reoalled the sufferings and sensations of yes terday evening, and bis momory grew clearer wish every hour of meditation and solitude. All that he thought and felt before he fell headlong under the fir-trees was dearly reoorded by memory, but the period of unoon eoiousness whioh succeed Bri was a blank. He might have been dead and in liis'grave for all he knew of those hours between the fall and the awakeDiag. Anything might have hap pened to him, anythincr might have been done by him; but if that interval had not been in active, -if in that lapse of consciousness a new man had arisen within, him and moved him to strange actions, there was no trace in mind or memory or ttie Ml nits turn: ne naaaone. is ever before had he experienced such a lapae of pon seiousneas. His formerseizures iiad been brief, j This fit, with its appallingduracion, was a Dew development of his disease. The murder seemed motivelosB, savage, the act of a maniao impelled by the unnatural lust of blood. Whoolaewas there—who so likely as the wretched opileptio—to do suoh a deed of horror ? He remembered, shudderingly, that he had feltagrowingdislikeof Mario Arnold, resenting the way in which she had thrust herself between him and Sibyl, makiug all confidential talk impossible, and in some wise spoiling those deliciouR hours of innocent friendship. Yes, he knew that he had disliked Sibyl's adopted sister, and that yesterday, on discover ing theolue to her conduct, he had felt only a oontemptuous wonder at her folly, only a oare less soorn for a woman who could give her love nnasked ; when, if she had eyes or roason, she must know that the man she loved was devotedly attaohed to another. He was startled from these gloomy thoughts by the sound of voices outside bis door. The" key turned with a sorooping Bound in the rusty look, the door opened, and a tall slim figure in black came towards him, bat and veil hiding the faoe in the dim light. Hut for Brandon j Mountford there was only one face on earth, and he was quick to reoognise her. "Sibyl, my Sibyl, how adorable of you, My dearest girl, how shall 1 thank you?" He would hare taken her in hie arms, but she held herself au-ay from his eager embrace. She laid her. hand lightly on his breast, liglding him at a distance, looking bira full in the faoe. " Brandon, I have come because I want to know the truth, to help you if I can. I know that you are iunooent. You never could hare done that vile and cruel aot—you of all men on earth. It is not possible." " One would hardly think so," he answered, withacuriouB BlowBmile that frightened her. "In my right senses I have no inclination to wards murder. I thought your friend a tire some person when she hung upon our footsteps and never allowed us five minutes' quiet talk from heart to heart. I used to think that rather hard, Sibyl; but that is scarcely reason why I should murder her. No, my beloved, iu my right eenses—wheu I know what I am doing—I should be utterly in capable of such a crime—as incapable a? your father or you. But last night I was not in my right senses. A sullen rage against life and fate bad seized me. I was in a fever of rebel lion against the very Hod who made me, and marked me with a stigma whioh set me apart from my fellow-men—gave me a heart to love, a mind to revere all that is fairest and best in womankind, and then said to me, 1 Thou elialt take no woman to thy heart, thou shalt live and die alone.' My senses grew dim in that red oloud of anger, and when I came out of that blood-red dream there had been a brutal, motiveless murder done within a few yards of the spot where I found mvself. Who knows, j Si'oyl? How can I dare affirm that I was not the murderer? It was my own knife that did the deed." " Rut had you that knife about you, yester day?" "I should say not. It is some days Binoe I used it, but it may have been smoag thethings ' in my room. I had been packing iny fishing taokle, and I had been absent-irinded and pre occupied all the morning. I did a good many stupid things in the course of my packing put things into the portmanteau and took them out again in a futile, muddle brained way. My mind was full of you, Sibyl, and our parting—the parting that might be for ever. I might have put that knife in my packet instead of puttiug it in the case with . the taokle?" "Oh, yon must not say these things—you must not say that it was possible—you must not think»of yourself as a possible murderer. You oannot believe yourself capable of each a crime—you cannot, unleBS you are utterly different from the man I have thought you— unless there oan be two natures—two separate existences in one man," argued Sibyl, despair ingly. Only now, perhaps, in this dark hour had she realized the strength of her love—now, when she made herself one with bim—when she felt and suffered as if his guilt—if he were guilty—was her guilt, a burden laid upon her as much as upon him—or as if this semblanoe of guilt—these acousing facts whioh enciroled him—webbed and 'enmeshed her as well as bim ; as if this black cloud of horror encom passed her too, and ebe must struggle through this darkness to the light of truth. " Why do you say such things?" she pleaded, agonized by his silence. "You must (know that you are innocent, that however the knife oame to be there, near that poor murdered girl, you did not use it." " I know nothing—exoept that there was an interval of darknesB, a blank pause in my existenoe, of whioh my memory tells me nothing. How can I tell that I may not have done this thing in all that interval, prompted and urged by devils. Yon know how the Tor mentor— oast out of a human sufferer—drove the herd of swine headlong to their death. That may be taken to illustrate the epileptio tendency, the driving power of evil—the irre sistible impulse towards some act of blind violence—the rending and tearing of the fiend within, the devilish instinot to whioh murder or self-destruction becomes a necessity. ' " But you have never felt this dreadful im pulse, you have read of euoh things, and the thought of tbem may have haunted you, but these horrors have never come within your own experienoe. When you were in the wil derness, away from civilization, almost-beyond the reach of the law, were you ever wioked or cruel then, Brandon 1 Bid.you ever kill one of your fellow-creatures 1" She shuddered as she aBked the question. " No, SibyL I never lifted my hand against my fellow-man. I was not a hard taskmaster. I never bad any inclination to be oruel. Those who knew me in -Afrioa can tell you that our ; blaok comrades loved me as if I had been their brother and their king. No; the impulse ] to slay was never upon me—but once—when I j hod the fever, and thought in my delirium j that I had two heads, and that all the throb bing agony was in one, and if I could shoot that I should be out of pain. My ohum had as muoh as he could do to wrenoh the pistol from my hand before I could fire. Yet I only ! knew this from the man who told me about it. - I have no memory of my ravings or of my at- j tempted suioide. There sometimes are two natures, Sibyl, in the same man—the nature i in oalm and wellbeing—the nature in storm and madness. You are an angel of compassion I and mercy, Sibyl. You oome into iny solitude j as a ray of light from Heaven, but you oan nothelp me,'dear; and all you have to do henceforward is to forget that there was ever such a man." "I shall never forget, and I will never be lieve that you wore a murderer, even in deli rium; It oould not be." " There lies the mystery, Sibyl, themvstery of what can or cannot be in such a case as mine. You must leave me to my fate, my beloved, gallows or madhouse, or acquittal and liberty. Whatever may happen you have only to forget me. There is a ourse upon my life which no woman's loving heart shall share. The noblor- the better, the truer the woman so much the leeB would I link my lifo with hers. It was angelic of you to come here ; and you must come and go as an augel, leaving no trace of your footsteps, only peace and consolation | in my heart." He knelt down to kiss tier hands in a fond idola ry, and, then becoming all at onoe calm and practical he questioned her as to her oomiup. " I walked here. I had my maid with me. I She is waiting at the inn. Coxon was very good. They all koow me about here, and would do anything for me. Not for my own sake, but because I am my father's daughter. They all love and honour him." " He is a good man, and deserves to be loved. How does be take this trouble, Sibyl —this inexplicable horror?" "He feels it terribly. I hare hardly seen him since last night. He has been in his own room all day with tho door locked. - I begged and prayed him to let me in to share his grief with me, but he would nob even open hiB door to answer tnc. He told me, almost roughly, to go away and leave bim to his sorrow. Ho was so fond of her—fonder of her even than I was, and yet God knows I loved her dearly, aud that if I could for one instant believe that you billed her I could not bear to see you or he near you. I might pity you, hut your presence would be a horror to me. Bub I know tbab you had nothing to do with her death." " Help me to find her murderer, then. That is the only thing you can do for ine, Sibyl. Kind the motive and the murderer it you can. You know Marie Arnold's history, her friends and enemies." "She bad no enemy. She was a kind, warm-hearted girl, and had never offended or injured any one." "She may have had some rejected lover. There is not much difference between a jealous lover and a madman. She may have been murdered iu a paroxysm of despair ing love." " The only offer she ever rojeoted was from Mr. Tweedie, the curate, and one could not suspect him of madness and despair. Poor matter-of-fact young man! He would nob hurt a worm." " One never knows the men who are oapable of a destroying passion. Bub how did her murderer come by my clasp knife ?" " He may have stolen it in order to 6x you with the crime." "Not that kind of murderer. Passion is reckleBS and sudden in all its aots—nob deli berate and designing." The creaking door opened again, and Coxon ushered in another visitor. "Mr. Urquharb to see you, sir." "Sibyl!" exolaimed Urquharb. " What in heaven e name has brought you here ?" "My anxioty for a friend falsely aocused of a dreadful crime. I am glad you are here, For that shows yon sympathise with Mr. Mount ford in his oruel position, and perhaps you can help me to save him." lam afraid it would need an angeltrom Heaven to do that," anawered Urquhart. Nothing leas than supernatural intervention seems likely to he of anv use bare. We want ' the angel who liberated Peter. With him and a fast cutter in the offing below we might do i do something." His cynical air. his scornful use of an ex ample which to her was sacred, chilled and revolted Sibyl. Yet she welcomed his pre sence as that of some one who might be help ful to Brandon Mountford. "You menn that he ought to try to escape—to run away, as if he were guilty ?" she asked. " Yes, if he is not in a position to prove his innooence; and upon my word I don't see how lie is to do it. Faots are uncommonly strong. The fact that you were missing at an unusual hour, for instance, Mountford—that you were found—as you were found"; he beBit&ted; at tb)B point as if even for bis hard nature there was agony in the thought of Marie Arnold's death—" and the faot of-your knifo being the weajoon used—your knife —stained to the hilt with her heart's blood." The words choked him. He stopped sud denly. Then with a frown and a Bbrug went on— "It's a ghastly business,-Mountford. You must see'for yourself how black it looks." " I see that as plainly as you, but I am not going to run away." "Ain't you? Remember after to-night, unless to-morrow's enquiry should be ad journed, you mayn't have a chance of escape. From this place, with the people about here, you may get away as easily as Bazaine got away from St. Marguerite ; but if the enquiry ends in your oommittal, and you are trans ferred to Carlisle, it will be all over with you and you must Btand the raoket." "I ncean to stand the raoket. If I am guilty let me suffer. If I am innocent—well, I. suppose Providence will watch my case.-and the real faots of the mnrder will oome to light somehow." Urquhart stared at him in blank amass ment.* • "You talk of yourself at if yon were not sure of yourself—as il yon- might have mur dered her, he exclaimed." "I am not sure of myself or of. what hap pened during my lapse of oonsciouBUeBS any more than an habitual sleep-walker can. .be euro that no strange thing has happened during his sleep. . The fact that he can re member nothing is no proof that nothing Lai happened." No, no, t understand. You are right in that,'1 said Urquhart,. evidently impressed, " and this murder was so motiveless, so unne oessary; a girl whom no one oould have hated, young, beautiful. Why should any one mur der her? It is a terrible oase—terrible, for if you should be pardoned on the ground of lunacy that would mean a life-long imprison ment. At Her Majesty's pleasure ! Think what those words mean. A life, Mountford, a life! There are' men pining in madhouses to-day who were shut up when the Queen was a young woman, when everything in this world was different from what it is to-day.' Men who have never seen the world we live in; who would not recognise the cities they once knew or the places in which their boy hood was spent. Men whose lives have rotted away within the walls'of Hanwell or Colnoy Hatob." "But if he is innooent, as I feel and know, that he is, flight would bo madness. It would be to stamp himself guilty." "My dear Sibyl, that ie a girl's heroio war of looking at things. I, as poor Mountford'a friend,'take a more proaaio view. ' All the ohanoes are againBt him if he stays to Btand his trial. Nobody can doubt that he will be committed for trial. On that point there can be no question. Between to night and to morrow morning there is the possibility of getting him away. It is only a possibility, mark you, and it will require Bbarp aotion on the part of his friends—you and me, for inBtance—and a lavish use of money; but it" may be done. After to-morrow it may be' impossible. It will be impossible if the enquiry finishes to-morrow." "Yon hear what be says, Brandon ?"eaid Sibyl, appealragly, the tears streaming down ber pallid cheoks, her hauds clasping-Bran don's arm as he stood motionless, seemingly unmoved by UrquhartV urgency. "Yes, 1 bear him, but I will take my chance." -No, no, you must escape. Think what the danger is—death or a long-life misery. Bran don, be rational for my sake." He looked down at her with a tmile which transfigured him. " My angel, my divinity, for your sake ! What would I not do for your sake ? But, dear love, between you and ma there is a great gulf fixed. What doe* it matter where I live or howl die? I must live or die apart from you." " Brandon, for my sake! Don't think about the future. Providence may be kinder to ns than you think if we are true to each other. We will get you Bway from this place, out of England, if you will only be governed by us. We can do it, Mr. Urquhart. The people here will do anything for me" " And for hard cash?" interjected Urquhart. " All you have to do is to let us aot for you. Everything must be done in n few hours. You won't refuse to make the attempt, Brandon, for my sake, for my sake." She urged that one argument which a woman thinks* infallible when ehe lovea and know* herself beloved. . "Is there no risk for her in the attempt?" Brandon asked, turning to Urquhart. " Not the slightest. Sir Joseph is a king in this place, and can do no wrong; and hi* daughter Bhares his immunity. The people will be blind, deaf, dumb, if she asks them and pays tbem." " Sibyl, you shall be the ruler of my life. If you wish me to make my esoape—although in the very attempt I stand eelf-oon domned" "No, 110. it will only give you time. Who knows if some new evidence may not be found when you are far away. The_ murderer may confess. Someoluo may be discovered, some link in the chain of circumstances which no one can foresee or imagine now. Only be guided by us, Brandon, and all will go well." She spoke with confidence. Her look was full of hope as she clasped his hand at parting. "Come along," said Urquhart, "there's no time to lose." m 