AID 3HBS. Br Jons PEERTEBIKGEB. Humble carrier as I am, I reads good deal. It's a way 1 have of spending a " pleasant Sunday afternoon." Suits' me better than listening to other people's opinions as to what is oris not innocent amusement. I' light my pipe, I draw my iwhifis of_ smoke; JUM! X also draw my.ovni conclusions without waiting for the rer. this or the- leaned that to" jog my faculties. You can get over a lot o"f stiles in tbe lane of life .this way if you only put the right foot foremost. I read strrihee: things, too. Therefore I waE not surprised'to read in an English paper the other day tbat- the market prices for wives at a place called Croydon was fburoence a piece. - That ia to say, the accosl coin was.uot handed over, but it is oil record in the local police court that »n .Italian musician, well known in itinerant circles, feeling thirsty, sold'the partner of his joys and sorrows for a pot of fourpenny. beer. A further offer for his monkey,' when the contents" of : the - pot had vanished^ he declined,' on the ground that he was no longer thirsty. The paper I read; gave no. information as to what became' of the purchased wife or the mail who. bonght.-_- It only shows—as.a disagreeable friend of mine once . said—the extravagant lengths to which some men will go in the matrimonial line. Ko expense is too heavy for'them. I mentioned the matter to Dot, but she declined to believe the story. "Too mnchof the flavor of bier about it for me, John." Some women are lncreduloos. There are funny people in this world. The cables from home told the story the other day of how some rich gentleman, named Hall,-had bought Cumnor-house, in Warwickshire, from the Earl of Abingdon, as an historical mansion. He hadn'e much in the way of his own ancestors, and wanted to rig up a show of others. There were suite of armor about the place, and dusty passages, and what was more, the ghost of Amy Bolsart, the wife of ElizaDeth's Earl of Leicester, was supposed to haunt the place. I can't say that I care about these ghostly ideas myself, bu: every one to bis tastes. In these spiritualistic "astral" days Amy "Rolsart in the spirit might be as well worth meeting as she was in the flesh. But so far as Mr Hall was concerned, Amy was obdurate. She declined to walk; the same as the theatrical ghost does sometimes. She wouldn't show in the morning or in the noonday, and as for midnight, it wasn't to be thought of. She had been pitched down a trap door once and wasn't going to try that game again. So Mr Hall went back on his bargain, and declines to pay the " noble earl'' for his house, on the ground that, as the -horse-dealers say, • " it doesn't answer its warranty." Some people are never satisfied. Dot took one of my daughters to Sunday school last week. Sbe is an bservant child. Looks ac the address of a parcel bufore she takes it in, so to speak. So. when the teacher asked her what Daniel said to Sing Darius when he was presented to.him, she replied, as readily as if she had been brought up in gosd Babylonish society— " Oh, King, live for ever !" Then, asked the -teacher again, " -What happened after this r" Some children might have said that the king ordered Daniel to be t^ken to a circus and - <pven to the lion-tamer. Othera might have got confused, and replied that he walked straight out into a furnace, and began to eat the grass waiting to be consumed in the oven. Others might have hinted that he was eaten of worms.. I hare read all these replies as put into the -mouths of children. in this wonderful nineteenth centaiy. Bat Dot the Second made no such answer, contenting herself with the assertion that "immediately the Sing lived for ever." 1 attempted a slight remonstrance with her when the incident was told to me, but she knocked the argumentative stuffing ont of me with tbe words, " Well, daddy, how do you know he isn'c living now?" And, as a matter of fact, I don't. He may be etnbedied in the form of a Persian _pat for all I am certain about. 1 saw a picture of Pharaoh the other day, and if s as like, about the eyes, to an old bullock of my acquaintance as one oould imagine. Indeed in these days of spiritual interchanges, you never," know what you're heaving earnest and thoughtful language at, let alone wallopping. "Did you," asked my newspaper friend the other da}, "read what Mr Justice Holroyd said about the story of the money- lender who not only gave his debtor time, but also gave him a LlO-note for his poor little newly-born baby?" He paused for a second, like men of his sort do sometimes when brought face to face with a foolish question, and then said, " Well. John, I don't take quite the skeleton view of it tint the judge expressed. It might be a trifle emaciated as a narrative, but it wasn't altogether what a late Premier would have styled ' too thin.' There was some element of adipose tissue about it. In the days before my regeneration, John, I was gnashing my teeth in the outer darkness of thepublic service. It was called the Civil Serrice then, John, as being more 'tony.' And in those days—oh my personification of a perfectly pure parcel post—1 employed a money-lender to draw my salary. Not that it was inconveniently heavy, but an extra horse was sometimes wanted to bring it up to time. This duty was performed by the money-lender, and he was not too proud to charge a trifle for his work. Anyhow, he called it a ' trifle,' but, when it didn't turn up on the supper table just 'after the ball' of repayment was over, he used to be unpleasant. But, on on^-occasion, John.1 met that trifle eater outside our business arrangement, and in a moment of intellectual hallucination asked him for the friendly loan of a 'tenner.' It came, John, like the gontle dew from heaven, and what's more, John, when I askod what'trifle' was due on it, he answered, ' Oh, no, this is an afisir between two gentlemen.' In the eyes of some people the bones of this narrative might rattle bit, but it is true, John, for all that." "" The constabulary of Victoria - are constitutionally ambitious." remarked my newspaper customer to me yesterday. " J^o sooner does ona see his name in the 'Gazette.' than he believes the time is close at hand when he will put his baton on one side .and take up the walkingatick of the Chief. Commissioner. I always keep on the best terms with them, John, because you never know in "what character you may meet -them. You may be told you're on the wrong aide .of the road by a 'point' one day, and asked the next why yon don't clear your ground by a rabbit inspector. Nor is their ambition confined to this. . * Whv should not a police station have a red lamp outside it, as well as a doctor's house ?' said ¥24,226 to me the other day. And .'straightway he requisitioned for a: -case , of crimson kerosene, so as to give a Droper tint to the light outside the station when is in charge of himself and another man, actuated by a still greater ambition eTen than his. I doa't know whether ha got his crimson oil, lint Tve no donbt that his name is down in theconst^Milarv archives is a man |who would aspire to anything and &ce; any danger. He'* tbe Bort of man—so muchwanted nowadays— who would -serve a summons - on an infcrusivethistle without trembling, or con-' template with contempt jsp. open lar door." ' '..-. - ' .. K Some iOT«htific stafistician-^as the ieirapspen say — hiuT disborered that hen ace 272 known specimens of the l e fly. What's more, he has the check to publish his information. Miserable miscalculator. Why, I, poor John Peerybingle, earner, with a-mortgaged van and only an equity of redemption on one of my horses, con count more varieties than that.' There are tho horse-fly,- the gad-fly, the blow-fly, _ tile. bluetaiied-fly, the bush-picnic-fly, the rail way-station-fly, the bald- headed' man's fly, the walk-down-the^road-with- ; -you fly, the-sticK-in-your- eye' the' long-sermon fly, the wake-yoii-at-day-. light fly, the dragon-fly, the spider-eating fly, the tent fly, the , but, there, Lord bless you, 272 specimens. Why. with all due deference to Mr Scientist, I can put him on to more than ten tiuics that number of specimens in any square mile of Victorian territory, even including' what poor old Stubbs used to call a " gentlemanly corner allotment." 