NOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN AUS. THALIA. CHAPTER XLVIIL (Continued). (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY THE AUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY. OR A GIRL WITH THREE LOVERS. A TALE OF COUNTY GALWAY BY SKIPP BORLASE. The judge, clad in scarlet, ermine bor dered robes, and with, his great gray horsehair wig upon his head, has taken his seat upon his seoming throne; (his learn"*l brother: trying, in wig and black robes, the Nisi' Priua or .'Common L tw j bases in the court adjoining),; but what is that which he pbiofts so carefully down by his side, where he evidently thinks that it will not be seen, at all events by the party chiefly interested therein, uni if the time arrives for him to placed t' upon his head 1 lb is, in. truth, the, terrible black cap, that an English' judge always doiis ere sentencing a.criminal to death, and which sentence invariably ends up with the im pressive words And you- shall be hanged by the neck unlit you are dead— dead—dead—and may tho Lord have mercy upon your soull” How-the Grand Jury are empanelled, charged’ and dismissed to their room' Directly (hey have gone, the petty jury men are sworn in and enboxed, and hardly have theytaken their seats when, a message comes from - the Grand Jury room to the effect that " A true bill ims been found agunat Sir John ' Berkeley, charged with the murder of bis bro’her so the-court forthwith proceeds to try the case. The Queen versus Sir John Berkeley for wilful murder,' 1 shouts; the Clerk of Arraigns. - “ Order 1 o v d*-r 1” at once cry out the ushers, more from, force of habit than because anyone is a noise, and then Queen's Counsel Q'Blamey rises, and blandly declares that- he represents" the Grown ; and sturdy Daniel McKai, barrister- at-law follows suit; but with the difference expression “And I appear for the prisoner, mo lud.” ./■ ■With the utterance of tlie concluding words Sir John Berkeley appears sudden ly in the dock between two policemen, they; having brought him up thereinto' out of the little subterranean passage which con* nects the Court House with the prison at. its back. All eyes are at once fixed upon the, in public opinion, already condemned baronet, and they take note that though deathly pale, he looks, nevertheless, fear** less and determined, so that a low murmur of approbation arises, for an Irishman can'seldom refrain from paying some kind of homage to pluck, even when, it is shown by an individual whom liehd»h abhors and hates. ' ;■ Called upon to plead- orj'not guilty” to the indictment, Sir .ffbhn Berkeley replied *'Not guilty, myjord,” in a clear and firm, though by no means' a loud voice i whereupon the. Counsel, for the Crown at onco set' himself to', the apparently very congenial task- ; 6f proving 3 that bey on and ; the in crest shadow - -r of doubt he was guilty. , . . We heed-not give hia,- clear and con vincing, though 7 calm and dispassionate speech in extense, for it would fill several columns of our spic», and we have them cot to spare. Suffice to say that therein he declared that he should prove hie, case up to the hilt, by> tiro's worn- evidence of the most credible and unimpeachable of witnesses, and that, his harangue ended, he. called the first of those witnesses -into the box, in the person of Mr. Michael. Here again we might.give the; evidence of that gentleman, and of his " brother Patrick, of Cornelius the .game keeper, of the two Oaruragli- ittdpor. servants, and of Father Terrence'O’firiah, parish priest of Orapmpre j but as it >ould be a raere repetition of what tbey (respectively deposed to before the magis- j VratesV and .'which was fully set,' forth i‘i j Chapter 25 of our.Hteryr we will cut the haatter short by .rofs-rr'mg such of opr readers as hove bad; memories back fc»that | Icbapt* r. I In vain did Counsel for the defence! seetc. to break down the evidence of- those fatnesses, for In could not oven shake it. fcfbfce of them, however, had been able to give a motive for the teivible where; faththe prisoner at the bar was; charged, find, the Jaw likes to have a motive for all 'iroßß atroupus acte, and feels much mo e about hanging a man when ; dface she has found-doe; •;Itdfthe ,present instance hvr humour j wns deicined not only tejbe gratified, hut i to lie silated, for there wer - other anil very important witnesses yet to. be Examined by and for tho prosecution, i. When Father Terrance O'BrjAn s'epped down out of the witness box, a certain Mr. Abney West, .an English ma*’, febunted into it, and upon being sworn, deposed as follows;—. ■ , , “He Bad been fishing in Galway Lough ojbacortuin morning, giving the exact ditej and a young lady, and gentleman ; Hadbeon sitting ‘ making love' very near ip Him. He was out ‘ 6f their sight, although they were not out of . his. He feidn’t gone away because ho wfts there ffrst, and had chosen k good spot for his purpose He also thoughtffsljing a much tnoro important matter tha’n. : levemftkirig. Presently a tall man with one hand, whom fee clearly recognisetl as the prisoner at the bar, appeared suddenly .upon -the scene, and threw the loVoinaking young gentleman, who- hind'-just -made the young lady a distinct ‘ offer of marriage, which ho must have dearly overheard, ante; the lough. That when ho Ecrambiedioufc of the woter hot word* had passed butweco them, which words in formed him witness) tliufc the' two men were brothers, uQd that had endeavoured to win the elder’s lady love away from Jiirri whilst-bo was absent at the war* Presently the younger man walked away, Jeiying the cither still in an Evidently groat passion'. witness) afterwards were flir John and Mr, George - Bbrkdey, and that the lady was a Miss’ (y.Qanpabr. v When the Counsel for the defeojte asked Mils witness why-‘hehadn'tponge: forwarff before, Hi abated .that -he; had 7 only been touring in .those parte, and bad returned; ito London, jievereupposing .tliat murdqr had resulted from ♦ the angr.y renoonlro ; (between (he bi6|l)brs pptU he >H'pd been looked up as- a witness’hy tho.Orown, doublli S3 owing -lb his having chattered to his landlady at Gal way Town, A>fwhat; (be had heard and'sebn ofctboiloughsidethat -Her bis address jn lhndon eßeihe iaterted home In order ilmt shc -might d'brward on td .himi any letters, &<?,, avnivAng after he bad left, ’ When Mr. AbneyWest. had : finished giving, his Patrick O'Hajloron was ealled by and deposed ' that she kept a 'small public* house or shebeen, ballot) The Harp of Ireland,rsituated a mile from’Galway on the Oran more road; and that on the. day referred to'by the last witness, Vnd about half an hour, or perhaps a trifle' more, after the oecurringoftho inciden t that-ho | had deposed to. by the lough* side, M>*. George Berkeley, bad called at her place on his way back to Garuragh; dripping with water from head to heel, and had stood in front.of her turf fire to endeavour to dry himself a bit whilst drinking a glass of hot and stiff whisky .nod water, to overcome the trembling, and shivering that his wetting hadwgi.ven-diim. ’ .She went on to-depose that tie had told her •i hot bis brother had thrown him into the lougball through his (Sir John’s) .savage, beastly temper, and because he was jealous of him yes, those were his very words, she . persisted,, and next swore with equal po-dtiveuess,.that Mr. George hod gone on to declare; when the whisky bad unlocked his tongue a bit, that, his brother, meaning tiio .prisoner at the bar,- hadn’t better, try his. patience too far, or there, would be-a Sir-George Berkeley instead of a Sir John Berkeley ruling it at Garuragh, and that iCatbleen O’O milor might soon be Lady Berkeley,. hod she a mind that way, without be.com-.. iug hie brotber's All in court, pricked, up their ears at this,, and co’unsel/for the .Grown asked quickly “.What did your visitor .mean by that kind of tall talk, Mrs. O’Halloran?” A pin might have been heard to fall as the court awaited her answer, and no one in it with such evident eagerness as the prisoner, whose face glistened with sudden agonised sweat, whilst his eyes looked, as wild and as horror filled as though the ghost of__ bis 'supposed .victim had suddenly appeared in front of him. The witness, however, was unable, to gratify the unbounded curiosity.of those Who evidently expected; and not without reason,. a . most sensational revelation ; foi*,-after a little hesitation, she rejoined.:-. M Irideed, 'sir, I : know what .. Master George meant, for be suddenly cursed my good whisky that was doing him so much good, arid : then fulled oat his purse and gave me a gddcuguinei to forget all that he’d been talking about. Not that I’d have taken his money, hadn’t I been so behind hat-d as X was with my rent, and not but wfiat I’d have kept the promise I made him, even here, hadn’t t been made to swear on the" blessed book that I’d speak the truth, the whole truth, and no* thing.but the truth,” .“Poor George 1" exclaimed the prisoner at'the bar evidently involuntarily, and also" thankfully, 'Indeed-there could be no mistake but that bo felt.immensely re- Imycdat Mrs. O’FIalloranV inability to throw any farther. light upon a matter which , very .nearly and deeply interested and concerned him. As nothing more could b t got out of the, witness prejudicial to tlm prisoner. Queen’s Counsel O’Blarney handed the' good women over-to ‘‘his learned brother fqr. the defence ;” who told her that" ho didn’t lyanjfc £o ,a«b her any quest ion 0 , and so she might stand doVn.” As soon as ah.o;b^d. vacat.ed : t he witness box (ho prosrqiitjon placed therein a gardener from Garurngh called Hanlon, who deposed that whilst trimming some shrubs there one-morning, .not long be* I’oro Sir John's return from the wars, Mr. U.-orgo walking on the o,^her side wi (K -a ' fussy .1 i ttle gen tl e-' jnan?:Tvhbi&’he ortbe called -Doctor, had clearly heard this as be believed perfect stranger in those parts, offer to put Mr. George’in" his brother’s.place, ‘that was to say in pos session of thGaruragh estates and title, for the sum, of a thousand pound?, which he declared hb would not be required to be paid him untll he had successfully car ried out his full promise. “ And what did Mr. Geo'ge Bsrfceley say to such, proposals?” asked O’Blarney blandly, amidst the onoemore eagerly ex cited' attention of the court., “ Why,8ir, before he could mike any answer t jioy both came round the buret bushes which I was trimming,. full upon me,'and -Mr, George looked sq angry that I a% once took myself off to another part jof the girdeh ; ; and so didn't see nor hear; anything more.” ; the man had to depose to,' and >as the piiso/ier’s counsel declared that lie had no wnh lo cross-examine him, he was (old (hat he was done with, and as soon ns be quitted.the witness box Counsel O’Bl rny said, “ Me led, and gentlemen of the jury, that’s the case for t|i3 Crown.” ' . - ■Truth to tell there wasnV- a single indi vidual present who didn’t b-dievo that the fate of the prisoner at the bar. was sealed thereby, for though the prosecution had failed, to prove exactly what motive Sir John Berkeley .had for murdering bis brother;-(hevtosiimony of the last three wit nesses had shown that either jealousy or self-inte est. dr both combined, was or wota the cause of the crime, and whore iuo there. utronger passions to be fpuird limn either,6f them ? , However, the battle is not lost yet, so let us hcar'what the other .side lias to say, and timn listen to tin calm summing up of the l-’nrned judge. 