SUNDAY BEADING. THE OLD .SERMON. The solemn hush o! midnight? is brooding pver the earth ; Alone in my state and splendor I wait for the new day's birth. No sound breaks in on the stillness, no voice in the.silence calls, So heavy the velvet hangings, so thick are my study walls. I would sit in the dusky si ence, and rest both heart and brainy And gather strength for the warfare that day brings on again; But a picture comes in the darkness of a place I knew when a boy, And it chills the heart that is throbbing with the flush of worldly joy. 'Tis a simple church in a meadow land, Where I see a white-haired pastor stand, Who warns his flock with uplifted hand: "Except ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter in" There's a glitter and glory around me that ia • born ot a guinea's shine;- . - I;measure a thousand acres and know that their wealth is mine; I hear in the shout , of the gaping crowd the homage they bear my name— It is written in radiant letters on the glittering roll of fame; The sound of the words I utter is echoed- from land to land, And the helm that sways a nation is trusted within my band ; But my heart grows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight nears, And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired man appears. " - For soul and spirit become perplexed'; I dread the words that are coming next, The awful sound of that simple text " Except ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter in." Long and fierce was. the struggle that placed me upon the height;, ,, Wrought with a will for the lustre that-has made my name so bright; I won me a crown of laurel, and wreathed it arouud my brow, And the wounds of the mighty confliot.I bear • about me now. And mine is the time of resting, of pausing awhile in the strife, For I fought the fight like a viotor, and con* quered the thing called life. _ Butt that picture will come in the darkness and stifle the firelight's gleam, Till I paie and shrink like a culprit who is bound in a nightmare dream. For I see the old man standing there—■ •' The lifted hands and the whitened hair; And I hear the trembling voice deolare: "Except ye be like the children, . Ye cannot enter in." So I sit alone in the midnight while the ghosts of the past flit by, " And they warn me, with shadowy fingers', of the end that is drawing nigh; I think of the life within me, of the fierce and resistless will, And the frail and helpless body that must lie so cold and still, Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint and numb with fear, ' With dread of the awful summons that one day I must hear; - AndT turn with a shudder of loathing from the power I stooped to win, And I long for the heart of childhood un< touched, unsullied by sin; For the voice of truth falls on my ears, And memory calleth aaown the years, . While awed and frightened my soul hears; " Except ye belike the children, Ye cannot enter in." 