AQUATICS. Sailing-. (BV « DJ3DALUB.') PIXTUBES. December 15— Ailil v ollnQn. Stnio £SD. „ 10-Jotiri.toiio's Buy Belling Ulub, Singiej jort. NOTES, ko. Iolant'ne a juwl. lie Sydney Amateur Enliisz Olub bis pjstrronod its Ail Uoarg1 Haudiciip wbicb wis act aovrn lot Saturday no-.t. ' Ihi JomiBtoxe's Tiny EMlhie Cub's 20 ft nnd upffarJa naudlcapol the 16ih ln»tum, lraa been post' poued. -Tbc ItttcrcoiotriaA Cricket mat€h noxt S&tardatr; U interfering nil' tire sailing programmes. Tbe long talked of Arle -Ollnila match eventuate! suit Saturday an'J nlll, bur accldcij'B, be well worth The 10-footcrs are etlll In prominence. Ecrenof tbe ten entries in the Diutr C.ub'j Hauiiicap itetcr dar were oi tl e Cues. The monthly Eatemcntso! tliedlrTerent clubs ebow the Bport to be in a gfloj condition finaucJalty — bettw than i« becu l« yeara. All tne clubs are tailing in with J.D.S.C'a efforb to make the coming Intercolonial races tbe sneoesroa they ara hoped to be. This Is Indeed satisfactory, add oaa bnt lead to one result. T&at; new class thii' One rateri and nailer,' Dais/, Brownie, Oarlad, Vaiad, Talpo, etc, have been holding several impromptu rncei lately. Tlicj Btiire tho Srdner amateurs to tnake a epacial class lor them, acd I hear thatlt Is likely they will form themselves Into ft club. . , . Tho Boynl uvdoey'a worua nave done Better eo far BB Entries are concerned, had thQy not niade any con' Sltlcu as to the colored Falls or Mils bearing iltBlgui. In certain quarters it raised the old question in M Us Tbe 16-footers Championship* in tho John£tonecj Buy Sailing Club takes place do tlie Sjnj. George EMl will nil tho Vlnletf though threo years old this boat hat never ret beeh properly tried. Tni Rosotla ia already unief preparation {or the 22-Ioottrs' championship. Tom Colebroofc, eenr'.. will have charge of the old wonder. Toe 24-footarsorenot eo conspicuous as therwere In the pest few seasons, but the championship is approaching, and acit monlh should see them as lively as ever. * The Sydney Firiii B Eqnaaron is BteaailT becoming more popular. Each taoo eios rorne Improvement In the arrangements. Tim refreshments were greatly Bprneolite-l by tho Indies yesterday, T oe latest racer i« tbe 18,Whlto Ware, built by Mr Prltohard, of Drninraoyne, whloh rnado her debut yes tard-7 in th« Sidney Plying Squadron's Raoo. She Is a good- looking boat, but the ls-footer ie ah' expensive craft to keep Just now. There l- a big fleet of them to beat to win a prize. 'Tie truly a case ol popularity being expennivc. B7DNBT PLYING SQ0ADBON. Tlie All Boats Hanilcap of tbe above club waa sailed jesterdsy afternoon, over the umjal thne-mile triangular course from Clark Island ronnd tho buoy In Taylor Bay, round Shark: Island, aha back to Olart liland, for olup prliOB o£ «12, £s, and £ 8. The day was not what could be desired for sailing, and thi wind shitty s-nd sqna,Hy, l!eht rain ialliigst Inwrrala. Tho tide vai ebb, acd drjrlnrr the greater cartel themolns the wind came from tlie einth ward. The attoudanco was pood, and the Lady Harming With n baad on board conveyed a Rood number of vl.ltora to tho Island pnd fallowed each race, Bofroahmcnts were served, and this helped cohsHorably to counteract the effcota ot tho in clem-mt weather. Toe racing was «s follows :— Firat Heat.— starters : ImdJ Datf^ft. W, litzhtary, scrawh. ; Out dwn. Si, U, Langford, 1 Jm. ; Esinemldo, S2, W. BoaO, 1 jm. : Oygnet ISra,- G Holnies, ion. s ; Btella, 18a. J Bum morvlllo. a : Nereid 18a, W HGoldlng.Si; Ethel 18a S llclllngs, 3J. All boata got away to time except oar Own, which Ftarted abont lniln latr, At Taylor Hay buoy todv Duff haa jisSed EsmoiaWn, l»4 al Bharlt 'ittoaixUf Dufllud pesead Of gnet, arid on the way to the flnlth she had wfrked'np into tblid position, lot being lUhMiaadoa.^amot able to pet tnto a qmlliylne Woce. Tho times were : -Ethel, 4h loin S5ei Nsrlcl, 4h Om SSs ; Lady.Duff. 4U On (Is 1 Etella. ih OaiDiai Oysnct, 4h Sin 35s j Birooralda,4U Sni JSs ; Car0wn,4hfim. Bccpnd lieat-Biorterj.J yfjaeteer MJt. Qteii Webb,»cr; Young Harry H, O B Fatrott, limln; Ghost 94, Mark Voy, 3 ; Ariol 18, Geo SlIU, 9 ; ullnda 18, 1 e 6no vden. Si ; White Wave IS, H O Prltchard, Aiteo 18, 'E 3 Cameron, 34mln, vis enteret, but capalted at Klrrlbllll, going w the start. All got away fairly to tins. From tba start, the Volunteer tal'.cfl beautifuUy, ft&d; before 'tsylor Bay buoy vas reaohed had aasumed'oHoniRnd. At the buoy tl:o order waB— Volunteer, Ariel, 'Olinda, Young liarrv, Qhost, and White Wave. At Shark Island the ordor was the same, except that Young' Harry bad got up Into second place. The dimes at the finish were— Volunteer. 41i Bim Sis; Tonne; Barry. 4h 81m 63i ; Ariel, 4h 34m 30s ; Ghost, ia 34m bis ; Onnda, 4h SSm 61s ; White Wave, 4h 33m IDb. Final heat,— Startera : Volunteer 94, Chris Webb, scratch ; Yonnj Hacry S«t, Q R Patrott, iinlu : Kcriod 18, VV H Oolding, Sjmln; Utlicl 18, b Uel lings. SJmln. This was a grand race right through and had tho Touug Barry a few more hands on board she might hare been Iu o eoltsr position at the (miili us before the Tbylor Bay btioy was reached she had caught Volunteer, on ti-» way to Shark Inland Ktlioi dropped back last and at the finl6b the tlmeB wore : — Volun- teer Ch Etta 66s, Period eh Sim SSe, Youu( Harry Oh 5 Jm 5b, Ethel 6h S6m 80j. Therefore, the Volunteer, Nerlod, urjil Young Harry take tho £11!, £t, aud £3 prizes, ecspecilvely, being nallsd iu Bret-clMs style by (Jhris Webb, W U Golding, aud Q K 1'urrolt us they finished. SYDNEY DINGY CLUB. This club hold its third race of tho seiEOn youorday afternoon, over 'the usual Sfaark Islaud and lroic UesUcn couts:, {» dub prizes ot £4 Or nud £1, no two boats ol one clara to taie both prizes, it beiug a goucral lmadlcan. Tbo entries were; 'iho:. Punch Hft, p Hughes, scr; Wandu '14, b Cunis, 2jmin; Vlstou 14, B L'Ofd, SJmiUi Younrt Oilvo ID, W Uolmes and Vcuura 10. FPomev lOinin ; Eicdoud 10, J. HawkesNotllo.JOrouln lujroin ; iam O'Shauter 10,'P Covrto llfjUiln. Viking 1», il Ingrain ISmlc, aud Carina 11), E.'i. Fioulan. All the boats kog away to their proper times, the Oarlui. Uiult boat, coing at 3.30. Xho wlud at the time betug a tstjuaKfrom the uorth-oj&c;, eud tha i lde jnst about high. Tho wlm'. iam after wards caiue round to a moderate to fresh aoutborly. Tho 10-footer» licld their udvsntage to Shark Island, but on tbo way back ilio H-footera inodoup tbe dlFtsuees qulcklv, u.ost of tho smaller boats being overpowcrea with their We eMIb Iu tho squalls. Tarn O1 Shautcr rounded the boat llret for l'ort Denlson, closoly followed by tho Vlslou. and Tljomas Punch with tbe other starters et various die. tttnecs, except Carina, which bolt bad carried mvay something aloft just after martins nt iho Port. When rounding for homo, tbo Kool capFfeed. auil tho order at tbe finish was Wanda, ThoBPiinob.Tjln O'tlianter, Young Olive, Venom, aud tlie others close. There fore, the Vision takes first price of £4 4b, well sailed by B Lloyd, and nccordlug to tha conditions cf the raco Tarn O- Ehanler, sailed by F Cowle. take! second. Bervlce BoatB, handicapped. — CourBa : From Bturt In Farm Cove, xonnd tibark lalani, and back to Hag ship. Prli:r, £4, £3. Ch Knval Brigade, rlrat cutter, 1; Pinnace, Ouracoa, X; Kaval Brigade, second cutter, S. All Yachts BB Y S anil PAYD, hanalcapperl— Course : From start In Farm Cove round rile Ugbt In Watson'e Bay, round Shark Island, and back tollag ahlp. Prlie, trophy. IolaoJhe, yawl, W M Mac lardy, 1 ; Uabel, cutur, A O Jewett, 2. IolBntbe won bv Sraln lBec. Coming borne Mabel carried her top Hast awny. HauO'tfarirmBnlnServleo Wtalers,— Course from Etatting line lound II.' It. and Orient buoyt, round warships In Frtrm Cove, and Hulsli ou south side ot the flagship. ptizes £t and £S. Saval Brigade 1, Ulldnra S. YaohM Dingles,— Conrre from flagship raund pnnt «nfl men-'o-war In £atm Oove and ke.c£. Prizes £? ani £1. Viva Brandon 1, lilcctta 2. Puut Race.— lllldura, 1 ; only one creir started. All Yachts, one-rating and nnder. Course : From Farm Cove round Pile Mght In Watson's Buy round Fort Denlson, Shark Irland. and bsot to Flapshlp. Prl«»s, trophies.— Brosrnlft JO Fairfax, 1; Cariad. E Thompson. 2; Talpo, W L Qnnt, 3, All Boats 20ft and upwards— Frizes, £7, £3, and £1. Oonrss same M provloua race— Grace Darling, T Colebrook. te,n. 1 ; Sydney Pearsc, H Pewse, ! ; Secret, Goj F/ercher, S. All Boats, limited crowj— Oourso mi as previous race: prize' £5, £3, and £1— Sophia, F Doran, 1 ; Varans, W Paul, S : tlulgon 4. Beat Turn-ont prise was won by s crew from H.M.S. Ripld. All-couierti' uny lclnd ol sorvtce boats— Orlando 1. 