SLEEVES. It was her passionate love of gorgeous stuffs, we are told, that led the English Queen Mary to introduce the big sleeve, forerunner of the farthingale. uniy tnrougii distention, vjist puffiug and wiring could the costly gold- embroidered fabrics of her' time ,be displayed to advan tage ; but to. day' the big sleeve is declared possible in any material, its chief uses being to broaden the shoulders and give the waist that effect of wasp-like slimuess so much desired. ' Diaphanous, fairy textiles, too, have taken the place of the stately gilt and silver spun brocades, and the girl whose wardrobe does hot include at least two . bodices of . "transpar ent stuffs oan safely be said to be outside the pale of fashion. j The foundation of a Bleeve in . any of the gauzy webs now fashionable does not begin, tis one would naturally think, with a simple silk lining. It is a complicated and awe-in spiring affair, and often calk for considerably thinking, no matter how accomplished, tho. builder. > First, there is a smallish lining in some soft, dainty silk : this, is covered by :a huge ! one, puffed, folded and plaited in heavier silk or satin, whioh in turn is interlined with stiff tarlatan or crinoline, andiperhaps padded at' the shoulders orbunchod with concealing looseness at the lower arm— wherever nature- has been too niggardly or too prodigal with her modelings. On this ballooned or mutton-legged struc ture, the chiffon or mousseline- de sole ties in hows or knots, or falls in graceful, driftim folds, or is, perhaps, cunningly camtonned . .with hidden , taokings to, look for all the world like a furniture covering. A pair of late wonderful models on this last order were rcspootiyely in opaline mous- saline de ' sole and watermelon pink . . chiffon vhioh .WM.apTOted ,oa .black pills, ; . ..' — I r — — - p -ivr— — — — ... ._-a i ; The shape of pink w:is almost .Queen Mary's huge iipj >,lm p-ili over again, with the_ i-littht,- , ,c;tf0I1 0 a. riugla horizontal line in flash ;? jet that held it tightly to the lining. I That of the monsselio J..;isoIe wasadroop- ing mutton leg, which ij,_ /iehed' in 'flat £ 'ids "across the shoulder as cjl/lpore part of the low bodice drapery. . A$|e»ist&r; rosette em phasized the drawn to /jgUier" effect 3t the chest line in this; and,' jitieh lining in pale, luminous grey, silk off exquisitely the changing jewel the fnnslm. The sleeve shown in the dei' with the ollong puff, caught up with a h'elvet chou, was of softest crepe, in a dim jiead leaf tone, that .one felt somehow., shordd oiiiy "fall . in picture lines. Its long cuff,' over .turquoise tine satin, as well as the half crescent . plastron, that 'ornaments the one next it, was of a dull bis cuit lace.r!;:;i- !' I A large mutton leg in wallflower yellow I crepe cloth had as a lower, arm, trimming V- shaped hands in brown and white embroid ery. . | Another arm coyeriug that seemed . almost like a ghost of patch and powder days, was a divided curtain; ; draped puff or. stiff tea-rose colored silk, rover an. entire .undersleeve of Heavy white" lace. These are all but drops in Mme. Mode's bucket of sleeps models,. hut .she .'to glad to remark , .hat Queen Mary's criri-? oline influence' is not to" be found everywhere. There are, still a., few, sleeves that hang in wilted, gauzy. yjav«,j-as if literally falling 1 firom doping shoulders ; and lie women who wear them are. of. the fragile, waisted sort who wrap endless Bcarfe about their slim throats ' that fall unconsciously into adorable Delsar- tean roses. 