NOTES FROM OTHER LANDS. A residential hall for women students has been established in Glasgow. It has been promoted by friends of Queen Margaret Col- lege, now incorporated with the university, pare gold collars, two white robes, and four soeoted robes." "Two .winders" are also mentioned—likely scarfs used for binding round tbe waist. The London Daily News recently asked its readers "How can we save?" and in reply "A Young Wife" Bhowß her personal system, and tells of a fight carried on withastoundingpluok against fearful odds. It appears that she and her husband have been striving with small sucoeßS to keep body and soul together on the miserable pittance of £4000 a year. Despite the most heroic eoonomies, this cheerful pair of lunatics outran the banker to the tune of £690 during their first year of matrimonial bliss. " A Young Wife" gives figures to prove her self-denials are not mere assertions. Thus both she and her husband oontrived to dress on the sum of £900 ; they only spent £250 on books, and only subscribed £400 to charities; £47 was spent in dining at restaurants to save expense in the kitchen at home; and during this year of misery and privation they only allowed themselves medical attendance to the extent of £2 2s. It is a tale of a noble struggle against remorseless fate, and shows anew the danger of marrying on- inadequate means. You must remember (says a writer in St. James's Budget) that unless you can positively depend upon your milliner it is very difficult at all times to buy a bonnet in a shop. I always, when purchasing one in London, have it sent home so that I can see myself in my own par tioular looking-glass in my personal surround ings. Abroad you are still more out of your moorings. "Are bonnets worn large or small?" I breathlessly demanded of tbe artist as I entered her salon. I beoame conscious of the absurdity of my question when she pointed out the faot that bonnet 3 were made, not to be in tbe fashion, but to suit every individual; and furthermore, the different styles of the wearers' dresses. Petite women should select small bonnets to harmonise with their particular type. It is worthy of note that the tiniest woman invariably falls a prey to the seduction of a very large hat, under wnioh her small face is swamped and lost, while a very tall woman looks like a down with a micro scopic bonnet perched on her head. As often as not the wearer is stout, which caps the climax. Nor does the milliner's art end here. She often has to contend with the difficulty- of • large head on a small body, and vice versa. You cannot expect to be bluntly told of your imperfections; but you must not, if you are wise, go against the milliner's verdiot, because Bhe has made headgear her study, and has an enormous amount of experience combined with a keen artistio sense. The Btyle of our bell- shaped skirts and our enormous mantles direots the current in favour of large hats; and no one can grieve that such is the case, save the very small women. These hats are far more pioturesque and have more oharacter. In Paris lately they have had some -quite beguiling new figures in the ootilion. A butter fly chase, for instance, in which the lady flutters • paper butterfly and her would-be partner catches it in his net, is a very lively figure for dancers and onlookers. Pierrot frills and Pierrot laces cause a vast amount of fun. Another figure is tbe milkmaid yoke, with pails containing favours for ladies and gentlemen. Necklaces and bangles are distributed among the dancers, and those who find them to match pair off together. Castanets, battledores and shuttlecocks, bowl and croquet balls, and other things are introduced into the cotiliori nowa- and is called Queen Margaret Hall. The students in residence already number eighteen. An important deoision has just been pro nounced in Vermont, U.S.A., as to engagement Tings. A young man sued to recover one that ha had given to a young woman, who, after accepting the ring, repudiated the engagement. The Judge deoided that it must be returned, or else that the recipient must fulfil the conditions under which it was presented. Tbe English courto, Home years ago, deqided that an engage ment ring is not recoverable under any circum stances. Miss Lifias Hamilton, a lady dootor, is attending the Ame*r. She is a lady of singularly resolute oharaoter and self-possession. She is % native of Ayrshire. H.B.H. the Prinoesß Beatrioe has contributed a song of her own composition to the new number of the Girl's Own Paper. The words are by the Earl of Beaoonsfield. The governors of the Mullingar Asylum have ideided to appoint a female doctor as medioal assistant in charge of the women patients in that institution. This will be the second appointment of a lady to the medical staff of a hospital in Ireland, Dr. Winifred Diokson having been some time ago to fill the office of gynecologist to the Richmond Hospital in Dublin. A dressmaker's bill has lately been discovered in Southern Ohaldea which oannot be of later date than 2800 b.o. The acoount is rendered for ninety-two vestments presented to the priest and priestess of a temple of the ghost-god. Among the items are " twelve white robes of the temple, eight robes of the house of his lady, ten collars of the house of his lady, tea days. A may-pole danoe, too, with a revolving top and streamers of hanging ribbon, to which the danoera cling as they fly around, ia a fascinating invention. Curiosity ia not oonfined to women. Into her guest chamber the Duchess of Westminster puts a ourious Swiss clock, on whioh appears the printed notice : " Please do not touch," and she says that of all the men who have ocoupied the chamber only one failed to ask the reason for the prohibition. The exception was Mr. Fawoett, tho late Postmaster-General. Mr. Fa woe tt was blind. Lady Somerset is as indefatigable a worker as Miss Willard. During the last year she held 115 meetings, twenty-seven conferences, travelled over 8000 miles, and spoke in twenty counties to about 200,000 people. The Queen wears No. 8 gloves of the black Buede kind. She has a large hand, but a prettily shaped one. John Jacob A9tor ha? just paid over £30,000 for a private tennis court for his wife. The Prinoess of Wales, who oooasionally tries her hand at angling, has a gold-mounted rod that cost £40. The Dowager Duchess of Marlborough, formerly Mrs. Hammersley, of New York, it is announced, is engaged to Lord William Beres ford. Mary Elizabeth Kyel, a London lady, who passed the oentury mark four years ago, has slept 20,000 nights undor one roof. Mrs. Maria Vanderbilt, widow of William fl. Vanderbilt, is a quiet retiring woman who .allows her son to attend to her financial affairs. Her married daughters, who are said each to be at least worth £3,000,000, manage their own affairs. Lady Sophia Cecil, aunt of the Marquis of Exeter, who is now 04, is the last survivor of the famous ball at Brussels on the night before Waterloo. She is a daughter of the Duchess of Richmond, who gave the ball, and danced that night with the Duke of Brunswiok, who was killed the next day at Quatre Bras. A great niece of Oount Pulaski, of revolu tionary fame, is selling newspapers on the streets of New Tork. She was formerly a great beauty and person of rank in St. Petersburg, but had a falling out with her husband and came to America. Her name is Josephine Suffezenska Iraoska after business hours. r Lady Jeune in her new book, "Lease Questions," says .of the New Woman.:—" Tha* the woman described as The Woman of To-day is a reality no one, unfortunately, can deny; but she exists entirely for her own edification. No one wants her to. take up such a rdle, and when Bbc has launohed on her career she is an object of anything but admiration or envy. . . . The truth is that Buch women lead this life simply because it amuses them. No one wants them to become inferior men; but the life of excitement interests them. The notoriety, coupled with the easily won applause of. a'crowd who would oheer a juggler swallow- ' ing knives and plates, they misinterpret for admiration; and, having begun with the notion that a woman's mission is to be as busy a? possible with every subject that attracts her attention, they start on their self-imposed mission with all the zeal of proselytes and t le impulsiveness of their sex. . . . The natural outlet for all superabundant energy in a woman ought to be her home and her home interests, and those are so far reaohing and so comprehensive that they should afford her ample occupation; but, as they are humdrum and monotonous, she goes farther afield." It is expected that the wedding of Princess Louise of Denmark and Prince Frederick of Schaumburg-Lippe will take plaoe in January. The Wodd says that the Prinoess of Wales will go to Copenhagen to attend the marriage of her niece. It also prognosticates that the Queen will probably visit Wiesbaden in April next for the purpose of taking a course of waters and massage, in whioh case her Majesty is to ocoupy the Royal Palaoe during her stay. The Queen ha 9 not undergone any regular course of treatment for tne rheumatism in the knees, from which she frequently Buffers, since her last visit to Aix-les-Bains in the spring of 1891. The Babies' Home, Unsworth, London-street, Enmore, established by the Society for Preven tion of Cruelty to Children, was opened by Mrs. Edward Hutton on Friday (says the S. M. Herald). Mr. G. E. Ardell, director of the society, who traoed the history of the society from its commencement five years ago, said that after the revelations of the Makin and other oases the committee determined to open a home for babies, so that baby farming and ohild desertion might be lessened, if not entirely abolished. The charges for main* taining the babies would be acoarding to the ability of the mothers. At present there were 11 children in the home, and there were 10 other applications. There was accommodation for 24 or perhaps 30 infants. The home was in charge of a matron and an assistant, and there were voluntary helpers. Mrs. Edward Hutton then formally declared that home open, and expressed the hope that those children received into its care would be crnntlj HmsjJ Afterwards the company inspeoted/^o^>p»7> which is situated in the midst plot of ground, and whioh was !ojrasJtb contain large and airy rooms. t V* A Viennese journalist has ma^e.3. collecfi&n; of aphorisms on love, women, and marriage* uttered at the German Parliamentary sessions*-. Bismarck is quoted as saying thatJV' It is an extraordinary advantage to a man's'carter if he can make his journey through life without any feminine baggage." 