QUEENSLAND DEPOSIT BANK. ATTEMPTED SOLUTION OF, DIFFICULTY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. , ' SIR-Having been resident in Queensland for past forty years, and having had to work hard all the time, I have perhaps learned caution, and not to jump to conclusions ; consequently instead of writing anonymous letters I have carefully studied . the situation of the Queensland Deposit Bank and sought for information. I am a depositor therein for a much larger amount than I can afford to lose, and so also are many of my oldest friends. I am not intimate with any of the directors, and some of them I do not know by sight even, but they are all men of good repute, as is also, I believe; the manager, Mr. Parker, and I think that with ordinary seasons they could have pulled through in the time promised to us when they reconstructed. Much of the criticism to which they personally have been subjected has been cowardly-for instance, the old story of directors having sold their shares is raked up again, notwithstanding the refutation Provided in the report of our Committee of, Inspection two years ago. That committee consisted of A. H. Nathan, managing partner ; , of Hoffnung and Co. himself one of the largest depositors ; G. C. Horstmann, one of the best accountants in Queensland, and for many years in a leading position in the Statistical or Audit Department of the Government; and of our well- known and highly respected fellow-citizens, J. A. Fenton and J. P. De Winton, all of whom were considerable depositors. These gentlemen reported as per printed report of 19th February, 1892, now before me, as follows :-" We have carefully examined at the share ledger of the bank, and find that since March, 1891, only twenty directors' shares have been transferred. On the other hand, some of the directors have added by purchase to the number of shares previously held by them." Seeing that the directors held nearly 5000 shares between them when the bank closed in 1892, without counting a considerable number showing in the register in the names of their wives, children, relatives, and business partners, I think the accusation that they tried to save themselves reflects but little credit on the man or men who made it. The directors have in past two years done more in the way of repayment than any other bank or Building Society in Australia. Within three months they paid all deposits of £25 or under in full. Perhaps they were foolish in their sympathy with the poorer or labouring section of their depositors; at any rate they have got small thanks for it. Within twelve months they paid all other depositors 5s. in the pound, with 6 per cent interest added, or 6s. 2d. in the pound. Will the Royal Bank or " Bale's Building Society," of which Mr. Dickson is twin chairman, do as much for its depositors ? What have the banks proposed? Not one in Australia has offered to pay its fixed depositors anything during first two years excepting only 4 per cent interest in the pound, that is, 10d. in the pound, as against the payment of 6s. 2d. by the Deposit Bank. This, as Mr. Dickson said (10d. to depositors), is their " primary function," And forsooth the poor little Deposit Bank is to be jumped on its assets are to be sneered at its directors discredited, its shareholders ruined, and liquidators and lawyers are to strip the body and " bury it out of sight." Some of the banks of issue are to give us nothing but our interest, 4 per cent, for six years, and may pay shareholders 10 per cent if they like all the time, and we must admire them. They are influential; no revaluation of their liquid assets is attempted even by Mr. Cameron ; no talk of searching inquiries into mysteries;" no rubbish about removing the stigma on the colony ;" no vile slanders on directors and manager. There are liquidators in this city working apparently (but not actually) in- dependently of each other, and assisted by a legal gentleman, who have devised the scheme of an " Assets Realisation Company." Their modus operandi is to be as follows Get either appointed liquidator with full powers assisted by a " picked" committee ; their pockets full of proxies will insure getting the right men, a clique of wealthy syndicates is already partly formed, and their names together with security of the assets they buy will insure requisite banking accommodation. The sum to be paid is X 4,000. This will enable liquidator to pay 7s. 6d. in the pound on a 112,000 due to depositors, less expenses," as a first and final dividend in liquidation." The uncalled share capital of the Deposit Bank is stated in the directors' circular of 7th instant as being £46, 168, which will be called up relentlessly by the " Assets Company," to the final ruin of many of the (370 shareholders. This will be the first instalment of the pound of flesh to the syndicating company, to which add Landed pro- Yard by Mr. party .. 205, 277 Cameron.. £25,000 Val'd by Mr. Advances .. 101,121 Cameron.. 00,000 Land Purcha- Val'd by Mr. sorts.. .. 51sec Cameron.. 80,000 £221,5 .¿'115,000 Now deduct from the absurdly low valua- tions of Mr. Cameron the £26,000 due to the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, and you have the total profit, less interest and working expenses to be earned by a syndicate, which professes to be working in the interests of the " poor depositors." I could give you names and convincing evidence in regard to all that I have asserted ; the time may come when I shall have to do so. The directors have withdrawn or modified the first proposals. The Commercial Bank has signified its willingness to stand by the society. Lot the Deposit Bank make an immediate call upon its shareholders of Is., which is equal to upwards of £5000. This, with cash in hand, would pay us our £5000 of accrued interest within three months. Elect a board of six, three to be elected annually by depositors (the articles of association to be altered so as to provide for this and three by shareholders. Let us have three such men to represent depositors as James Cowlishaw, E. B. Forrest, and John Cameron. This board to meet fortnightly at a remuneration of 20 guineas each per annum, or 120 guineas in one year, instead of. having such expenses as the Metropolitan Land and Building Society had, as per its last balance-sheet, the details of which, even omitting £1853 law costs, wore a satire upon the success of liquidation. . Move thomanagemontinto quiet others at a rental not exceeding £2 por wook. produce the office expenses to a minimum. Allow such wealthy shareholders as can j prepay all their calls some advantage to I compensate them for interest lost by pre- payment. Let them pay with deposit receipts or debentures which they can now buy at 13s. or 14s. in the pound. The bank will thus save the U per cent interest, and two liabilities will cancel each other, besides which a market will be created for the benefit of such depositors as must have ready money. It will not be long before we can sell for loss. or 16s. in the pound, instead of the 7s. 6d. of an " Assets Realisation Company." Facilitate the exchanges of the company's lands and houses for depositors' receipts and debentures even at a small loss to the company, and I venture to predict that with returning prosperity in Queensland and improvements in all values we depositors will be paid in full with 4 per cent interest within five years, and the shareholders who now stand to lose everything will have a substantial residue of 14s or 15s. in the pound left to compensate them for calls honestly paid and dividends cheer fully foregone during the seven years of trouble. If we, as depositors, crush the shareholders, we shall lose in £ s. d. even by doing so, and if for every injustice there is retribution, our turn to be crushed will surely come. In times like these it is our better selves which should speak and act. Thus only can Queensland repeat truly of its booms, its borrowings, its failures. Let us stand together and be mental am, sir, c, W. A.. NOBLE. Myrtle, Brisbane, 27th February. SIR-I quite agree with your leader appearing in Saturday's Courier, more especially the last few sentences. What I now want to say in particular is to caution depositors against placing the slightest reliance in any way on the statements of anonymous letter writers. In a serious matter involving such important pecuniary interests as are under consideration in connection with the affairs of the Deposit Bank everyone should write over his signature, show his colours like a man, and not creep behind the screen of' almost de plume. Any- one who has not the courage to do so should hold his peace and keep his pen from taking part in what he is either afraid or ashamed to acknowledge in an open and manly way. Any such should be discredited by all who have a sense of what is right, and who have the earnest wish to know the actual state of the Deposit Bank's affairs, and devise the best method of bringing the final issue of inextricable confusion into the most satisfactory order for warding off loss to the unfortunate depositors and other creditors. The utter nonsense talked about " reconstructing a concern that has been wrecked beyond the possible chance of redemption, and that has not the minutest dot of business to reconstruct and without a spark of confidence left is simply childish madness. There is no one knows this better than the directors. Why do they not come boldly forward and acknowledge the fact ? It would be much the better course for them, and they would have a chance of getting what they are driving at in a more direct way namely, fairly extended terms for the shareholders to pay the uncalled capital. Two years is ample for this purpose ; but to talk of giving eight or twelve years for calling up 8s. per share which represents the unpaid capital, is to say in other words, " Web will call up the 8s. per share, but we will spread the operation over so many years that the amount will be absorbed in expenses, and at the same time some of the depositors' capital will have to be frittered away, so that, although we know this, we will stick to reconstruction because we save our share- holders." The longer liquidation is postponed the greater will be the loss to depositors and other creditors, and in reality to shareholders, for they will be sweating under the agony of uncertainty throughout the prolonged period of sham hopes of " something turning up." If the depositors adhere to the determina- tion not to tolerate anything beyond two years for the calling up of the capital unpaid I am firmly convinced the loss to all concerned will be less than if a longer term is granted. I therefore say to depositors and all other creditors of the Deposit Bank, be firm and stick together like one man" to do so is gain, and to break up into factions, acting separately, means loss. We must be wary of those who stand in the dual attitude of shareholders and depositors, for in the former capacity they may hold from 100 to 2000 shares, while their deposit may be from £5 to £20. In such cases they may "play" depositor, but will fight to the death as shareholder. The question of the amounts lent by the Deposit Bank for extended periods, if they cannot be called up, can easily be transferred to another mortgage if the security is good, and if not good the mortgages will lapse, as the mortgagor, if he has nothing else to lose, or to be levied upon by the mortgagee, will let the mortgage go rather than go on paying interest on a property that has become comparatively valueless. I am, sir, &c;, JOHN CAMERON. Mount Tambourine, 26th February. * SIR-It is now the question with the creditors of the Queensland Deposit Bank: Shall we reconstruct or give up the ghost ? To reconstruct for the purpose of a gradual and better mode of realisation than the orthodox style of liquidation is what many of us prefer, while others favour going at it at once and have the first pull at the mar- ket with the real estate before any of the other institutions which are bound to follow get a chance of rushing their properties into the market. For my part I did not get any of that ten million loan money which was kicking about when Mr. Dickson was Treasurer and Mr. Cameron was making his fortune at the land auction business at the same time, and am not in a position to secure any of the bargains forced sales usually bring about. I do hope before our society concludes what line they will adopt that a scheme for realisation will be adopted which will not play into the hands of the few who are lucky enough to be in readiness to take advantage of the panic they assisted to bring about in their quiet and plausible little way, -I am, sir, &c.;, 27th February. WATCHMAN. Miss Louise Stockton, of Philadelphia, who has for some years had in the New Century Club a literary committee that has never fallen below two hundred, has originated a plan for telling people what they wish to read and where they may find it under the title of the " Round Robin Reading Club." The members, who pay a small fee, are to road subjects suggested by the direction after being informed by the readers of their resources, the time they have, and their taste. They receive intelligent and sympathetic supervision, and there are schemes for the preparation of papers and the formation of classes. 