fCe^cint <Etm.es. "PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, AUGUST 25TH, 1894. Local and General. CAREFUL HOUSEWIVES use Judges Bro-^'Special Blend of Tea, la per lb. There is nothing like it. rifle SHOOTING.-The fourth competition for the Cooper Cup by members of the Mount Victoria O.R. club was held last Saturday. The following were the highest scores -.-Captain Prott (scratch), 64; A. Kunz (16), 64; T. H. Norris (7), CO , AN. Robey (5), 55 ; F. Winser (o), 49. THOSE TEAMS.-Thus a Lawson correspondent on Tuesday : Heavily loaded horse teams continue to pass here almost daily for Sydney and the western districts. Although an extra maintenance man has been placed upon the road, it is impossible to keep them in good order, owing to the heavy traffic. ENTERTAINMENT.-The conccrt to be given on Wednesday night next, at the Temperance Hall, Penrith, for the purpose of raising funds to pur chase an aititicial arm for Master Ransley, promises to be a big success. All of our best amateurs will take part, aDd there should be a crowded house. The tickets are nearly all sold. BLAXLAKD'S CROSSING.-The following has been sent to us by Mr. S. IS. Lees, M.P. :-Public Works Department, Sydney, 17th August, 1894. Sir, With reference to your letter of the 2nd instant, urging the erection of a bridge over the Nepean River at Blaxland'a Crossing, I am directed to inform you that the matter has been noted in the estimates for Dext year. I have the honor to be etc., (signed) J. BARLING, Under Secretary. TEAMS.-News from Mt. Victoria on Monday states : Four heavily laden 10-borse teams passed through on Sunday from Sydney, one bound for Lithgow. Two passed for Sydney some days ago laden with leather. On the average two pass every week. They cut up the roads very much. The road from here to Blackhcath, formerly a good level ironstone road, is now deeply furrowed with 4in. ruts. The wide-tired wheels seem to do more good than harm, but they are not common. Ihe team traffic on the Western road must eventually cost the Government thousands of pounds for repairs." . NEW MANAGER.-Owing to the transference of Mr T J F. Cadden, the present manager ot tlie local branch of the Commercial Bank, to Quean hnvan Mr. A. IS. Baker, the present accountant, has been appointed acting-manager in Mr. Cadden s stead Mr. Baker has been connected with the Panri'tli branch for a period of nine years, and lias always proved himself a most efficient officer and good citiKon. The many clients of the Bank here, we feel sure, will join us in congratulating Mr. Baker on his temporary rise, and we hope it will bo permanent. STRENGTH op A CANNON BALL.-What will happen when a body in motion that cannot stop nhould strike a body that cannot start is somewhat foreshadowed by the trial of the 110 ton gun fired nt Shoeburyness. The diameter of the gun was 16in. and 900 lbs. of powder was used in dis charging the projectile, which was of solid steel, 4ft in length and weighing 1,800 lbs. .The shot went through a plate of sol\dnfkeeo0f0tinoE soM oak on throueh an 8m. iron plank, 20£t. ot sonci obk, 5ft of granite, lift, of solid concrete, and stopped -for it had to stop Bomewhere-in a brick wall 6ft. thick. . MILITARY BALL.-One of these old time fashion able balls is to be held in the Temperance Hall on next Friday night. Great preparations are being made and judging by the perseverance displayed by those'who have the matter in hand, and the interest centred in the affair generally there should be a very Se attendance. The band of the third regiment will SUDDly the music, and we are sure this will sumass anything we have had in^any ballroom m Penrith for very- many years. The catering, too, wiUbeall that can possibly be desired and the appointments and decorations first-class. We advise those who have not already secured their tickets to do so at once as only a limited number will be i=sued Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. Net proceeds of the ball are to go to the Nepean Cottage Hospital, HOLLOAVAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS-CJhest and Stomach Complaints.-The source and centre of nhnost every ailment is impurity of the bloo.l, almost every « . . ,.|)d djGCase departs. Holloway's Pills exercise the inestimable power of tKrnrhuehlv cleaning each component part of vhe M^nrt fnd rendering this, fluid fit to perform its blood, a . TUev cope most successfully stomach* complaints, . liver I' ^ nd Hiaiiy other maladies, whicl* were J x, 1 hrsettine dangers of mai.kiud at certain onto the bese g country. The directions for use Holloway's celebrated medicine which will strengthen and cure them. oc-ititm's THE MAIN.-:A correspondent writes to n ? calling attention to the. following coutempoi a' J , b tbo numeral seven curious c>rc?T9tonces ana , g. ^ iS Uhe^Uk,- was for **» years owner. i<naas,, olympian sports, and was ChnES rcou.ie? and wrestlcr to Alexander the * _ _ master in India, having taken the Sr'eaVmib 327 B O. Lord Roseberry was born_ Mny, Pflunjaub 327 he is ]10W " years o age. 7.J.847, , firm' believer in Fcvcn hours His LordshtP. .a a fl.mobeneLved(ig ^ ^ ? on sleep Per th0 Two Thousand, and lie was the race card for tno a w tQ the seventh to, leavetbe B rfcago^Dsrby waB his Howlcy mi c-pos , and the start of that race took seventh in sueeessio . u fixed, and ...U» 1'1» 1 Riband-seven ruunera. meeting held °° . ' / t means of providing Chambers to cJJe T,C£ R e dden, who is a fitting send-off to Mr 1 Bmnc'h o£ the being transferred Q"eanbeyan Branch, was Commercial Bank to " ° ^-ntnljTg .mccting of its certainly the mo- l resu,t wil, donbtless kind evei Held nere address and purse be that the Prf®°"h fc RCntlemaD, at the Agricul of sovereign ^ ":i!nn nn Wednesday, Sept.5th, will tural Society s pavih Subscription lists arc be a superbly ETT* of the Committee, and they now m the »an , Tuesday week. The sub Should be returned by Sen(3 Committee have dies nna there will bo ample will be pro vidcd foi ladies, an^ ^ ^ pregcnt to s(iy room for a few hu ?10,)Ular townsman. The farewell to our mo 1 ! by t)l0 jinyor 0£ Mr V 15. lIji, Member for the PENRITH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.- On Thursday evening next, at 7 o'clock, the Committee of the above institution hold a meeting in the Council Chambers ; and at 7.30 p.m. the annual meeting will be held, when the yearly report will be read, and officers electcd for the ensuing year. All subscribers are invited to attend. All accounts due by the Society should be sent in before 7 p.m. same evening. - EXECUTION OF JORDAN.—The American negro, Frederick Jordan, who murdered Minnie Hicks, or Crabtree, at Port Melbourne, on the 6th July, was hanged in Melbourne Gaol at ten o'clock on Monday morning. The convict walked firmly to the drop and stood without shrinking while the rope was ad- justed. When asked the usual question, whether he had anything to say, he replied, "It's no use saying anything now." Death was instantaneous. WASHED OFF THE ROCKS.-A man named Samuel Williams, a guard on the express 'rain between Melbourne and Port Fairy, was in com pany with another railway employee named O'Leary fishing on Sunday afternoon in the Devil's Hole, near Port Fairy, Suddenly an enormous wave rolled in and swamped the two men. O'Leary suc ceeded in clinging to the rocks, but Williams was washed into the hole and disappeared. An attempt to recover the body has up to the present failed. NEW SOLICITOR.-Our many readers will doubt less remember the cheery face of Dr. W. G. Taylor who practised in Penrith so successfully for a number o£ years, and they, will be pleased to hear that his son, Mr. C. Taylor, is about to visit here professionally each week ; not, however, in the medicine but in the law interest. Mr. Taylor, whose Sydney office is at 66 Elizabeth-street, announce? that he will attend Penrith Court every Tuesday, and may be consulted every Monday evening at Tallance's Tattersall's Hotel. WENTWOBTH FALLS PROGRESS ASSOCIATION' The first report of the Wentworth Falls Progress Association, for the year ending with this month, has been prepared. It shows that since the forma tion of the body many local concessions have been obtained from the departments, thus assisting the developement of the locality, and promoting the well-being of tho residents and visitors. The total receipts for the 10 months of existence amounted to only £6 14s 6d, bufc tho sum had been economically expended, leaving a small balance in hand. STILL THE RAGE.-A very enjoyable surprise party was given to Mr. and Mrs. W. Carter, of Castleteagh - street, on Friday night o£ last week, when some thirty people were present. Dancing, interspersed with singing, was kept up until about 1 o'clock, good music being supplied by Misses Furbank and Brownlow, and Messis. Willis and Neale;; when the company ad journed to another room where a good supply of everything the mouth eould wish for had been laid out, and the table fairly groaned under tho weight of the viands displayed. Mr. T. R. Smith proposed the health of Mr. and Mrs. Carter and family, which was duly responded to by Mr. Carter. About 3 o'clock, after everyone had thoroughly enjoyed themselves, the party broke up. \- SOCIAL.-One of the most enjoyable socials of the.season (given by-n number of the ladies to a corresponding number of gentlemen), was held in Towles Assembly Hall, Emu Plains, on Friday last. Excellent music was rendered during the evening by Misses Fitch (2), and Messrs. Kay, Barlow, Fitcli and Davey ; to which about 16 couple tripped till about 3 a.m. The Hall was prettily decorated with ferns, etc., which was attributable to the hard . working Secretary, viz.-Miss L. Fitch, assisted by several other young ladies. A number of games and songs were indulged in between times, the latter being rendered by Mr. H. Dempsey, ably assisted by Messrs. W. Buckley, Paddison and others, and accompanied in a most brilliant manner by Mr. A. D'Condsoy. We are looking out with some impatience for. the next, so boys make up your minds for another.-Con tributed. SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT* In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over, the globe, we publish the following :-Hazard, M.D., Professor of General Pathology and diseases of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record :-" We have examined half-a dozen specimens of different manufactures ; the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to bo reliable and corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called " Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance since. This product stands, according to Dr. Owen, foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. Jtn another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered cruelly from the effects of. tho same concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we feel waranted in exposing the above facts, and desire the public to exercise care and precaution when buying. SANDER Sc SONS.-(Advt.) _ THE C'OALBAGGIE GHOST.-Thus the " Western Post " of Tuesday last says, A witness to that frolic some and migchevious " spook," which has caused such consternation to the Stein family at Coalbaggie near 'Dubbo,- has been in Madgee during the past few days, and lie relates some really astounding in cidents". This "disembodied spirit*' has a keen sense of humour, as evidenced in the fact of its getting to the potato heap and singing "TheBattle .-.of the Boyne " whilst scattering the tubers. It is invisible, but has many "friendly " chats with the people at the place. One day one of the tormented men of th'o fatpfly tool-; his gun and fired where the voice emanated (torn, but tfje humorous ghost simply caused the gun to kick so terrifically that the shootist was sprawled on his back. The dogs cower when the " spirit >' is about, and it takes the Stein family a great deal of their time in replacing things which are (fathered about, and in quenching fires which are scattered about the house and among clothes which are packed away. " There is no hoax about the thiDg," says the gentleman who is now in Mudgee, "for I have witnessed the peculiar pro ceedings pjyself, and I have been - intimately, acquainted wit!) tjje .Stein family for fourteen years, and have always lonn/J to be thoroughly, thruthful and straight-foward' people, Jfs a I mystery altogether." - . 1( LETTERS IN RAILWAY PARCELS.-A "question lins recently, been brought before the Postal Department a3 to, tho legality or otherwise of send ing letters enclosed in " railway parcels," and as the point is ono'of some importance and consider able public interest it wn3 thought ndvisable to obtain the opinion oE the Crown Solicitor upon the matter. It 1ms been represented that the practice ' of sending letters in railway parcels is probably carried on to a ccrtnin extent under the idea that a letter placed iii6iich a parcel is only part of the weight of the parcel which the Railway Com missioners are paid to convey, end that railway parcels are sacrod from being opened. The Crown Solicitor poiuts that section 54 of the Postago Act, 31 Victoria, No. 4, enacts that " no letter shall ho carried for hire or reward otherwise than by post," and .imposes a penalty for the breach of such regulation, The section, however, provides for certain exceptions, amongst them "any letter con cerning goods sent and to be delivered therewith," and the Crown Solicitor is of opinion thq.t a letter contained in a parcel of good3 forwarded by rail is carried for hire or reward otherwise than by post, and that the sender of such letter is liable to tho penalty prescribed, unless the letter comes within the exception quoted, that is, is addressed to the. same person as the parcel and relates to tl;e goods themselves. As it is not unlikely that letters not relating to the goods with which they arc sent are often enclosed in railway parcels, it would bo well if the public noted the decision ip this case. A STOLEN HOUSE.-It will be remembered that some time ago Mr. Ernest Mason left a hor3e, saddle and bridle in Mr. John Barlow's yard, High street, from whence it suddenly disappeared. The animal with its rider wns traced on the road to Richmond, by the Penrith police, and although the Richmond and Windsor police were informed-by telegraph-no trace of the animal was found until a few days ago, when it turned up at St. Albans, and has been taken charge o£ there, Mr. Mason having received an order to get same. It appears a day or two before information was sent to Penrith, a man, the description of which is fully given, rode into-St. Albans, and after putting the horse up at an hotel-it was tired and knocked up-he sold a saddle to one of the residents. He then went to Dr. Peisley, and having told that gentleman than his horse was knocked up, he very kindly-or foolishly-lent him one of his. The borrower, who stated he was a dairyman from Pitt Town, going to Singleton for cows, not having turned up within a reasonable time the Doctor applied for a warrant. The man, who gave the name of Ruskin, has since been arrested by the Merriwa police, and committed ,for trial on'two other charges. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT.-Many old Mulgoa residents will remember " old Bob " as he was known as by air old hands for nearly half a century. The old chap's name was Robert Orton. When comparatively an old man he married the present Mrs. Orton some twenty years ago. He had been living on Fcrnhill Estate quite a lifetime, engaged in various pursuits, but of late he has been unable to do any work. He visited Mr. Chapmnn's daily, where he was supplied with milk and did so up to a day or so of his death. On his last viBit he was very weak, and the day ho died Mrs. Orton came for assistance, as her .husband had got down somewhere outside the house, and she was unable to get him home. Assistance was soon at hand, and the old man was put to bed, and Dr. Shaud sent for. On his arrival, however, he gave no hope, and on Friday night of last week Orton breathed his last. Nothing .is known of deceased antecedents, nor is his age known, although on the coffin-plate was written 75 years. We aie inclined to tthe opinion that he was more than 85. The funeral took place on Sunday afternoon, at Mulgoa, Rev. J. Shearman conducting the burial service accord ing to the rites of the Church of England, 