A n r s m r or THE XOG. BR W. C. MORROW. ...•«.-.•'•••The. low-tautumn fogs which roll ' over San Francisco from the ocean, sending the doleful sound of theiime r..Point foghorn rumbling up the channel' to 'Alcatrazj- : are /someMmes . her^alded by long, low wisps of vapor, which, driven by the -wind, slip ghostlike down the streets and sweep curving over houses and writhing around ; .corners iji'.. jfclie. most .• fantastid fashion; ! Bending, a chill to the ...bone and giving strangers a feeling of desolation. It i was in such a, fog as this, late one September afternoon; tliat Mrs. Hartr ley, one of the pluckiest and most level-headed of widows, saw something _. .which' the,-.flying fog-ghosts had not • entirely enmantled before her . alert perception comprehended its meaning.' \ It must have been terrifying,< for, "•frightened nearly out of her-wits, she ran as rapidly as she could to her room in Mrs. Murray's liouse; two "blocks , away, in the.;Fillmore-street hollow . of -California street. Too nervous to find : herlatchkey she rang the bell furiously, and Mrs. Murray, much startled, opened the door just , in : time to catch, her fainting boarder in her arms. « -Mrs: MniTay Jield her. burden-a-moment while she looked anxiously up and down the street for any visible, cause of Mrs. Hartley's alarm; but, seeing nothing, she dragged the unconscious form within, and with feminine wisdom set about the restoration of her charge. This was accomplished in time, and Mrs. Murray's curiosity and alarm were so well subordinated to her kindly disposition that she actually waited in silence until the vridow should make an explanation. As soon as Mrs. Hartley could order, her senses she gasped : " Oh, Mrs. Murray, I have seen him —stealing a little girl. Send for the police instantly!" " Why, my dear, exclaimed the elder woman, " you don't mean " " Yes, I do. Hurry, now, won't you ?" " Indeed I will, my dear," responded Mrs. Murray, filled with that angry dread which had tortured many a soul in San 'Francisco for months. She went to the back porch, called a neighbour, told her the news and begged her to send her son at once for the police. All this was so nimbly done that detectives were in the house questioning Mrs. Hartley before she : was sufficiently recovered to restore her customary composure. She had very little to tell, but that •was important, for she was the first person who had ever seen the most cruel, daring and skilful criminal that San Francisco had produced. In a momentary break in the fog she had seen him seize a little girl in Pinestreet, two blocks away, quickly wrap her head in a shawl and then pick up a sack which he had dropped. Then the fog enveloped him and the widow rail for lier life ; but not a sound came out of the fog. He was a small man, poorly dressed and wearing a full black beard. That was all she could Ea y " The officers hurried away in all directions, now armed with their first intelligent, clue ..to .the mail's ;ippe.:i.rance. In a few minutes a hundred' mothers in the neighbourhood were frantic until they had counted theirbabies and found them safe-—all but one poor woman, whose pretty little: t^o-year old Bessie had strayed down: the steps and disa.ppered, and no agonized calls up and down the street, and no searching of all the neighbours' gM-dens and -houses Within .a distance .of half a mile could restore a little • arm buiidle to a pair of desolate »rms. It was the old story, repeated now the eleventh time within five months—Bessie would be found in a ijiy or two, early in the morning,; in somebody's yard, perhaps a mile away, U'Ugly wrapped in rags and sound, ••ileep; she would be taken home to: -•ev half insane mother, who would laugh and weep with hysteria. Solemn physicians would come and make a careful diagnosis, wondering at the: marvellous skill of the surgeon who, with wanton and incredible malice, had made a wreck of the helpless little creature, and prescribing soothing remedies for the prostration and; fever that would ensue ; most likely,, with;great care, Bessie-would recover • the' grosser forth' of health, but the. sweet music of her ba"by prattle would 1 be gone; •• • .As all. tidy and comely young widows ought to be who have to work for a livelihood, Mrs. Hartley was in •. love. It :roll not -do to. say that.as.'she took down stupid dictations and told them to her writing-machine she did not dream of a handsome, tall, distingue gentleman with piercing black eyes, a heavy .moustache . and a .Prince' Albert coat; it is more to the point to announce that the object of her devo tion was Hobinson Cantine—as differ-: ent from a young widow's ideal as it is \--possible to -imagine.Mr. Cantine was a very modest man; apparently rpooiy and one of the meekest and'gentlest of; bemgs. He was small and slight, ;withi pale blue eyes inclined to humility, of heroism, but his sweetness, gentle ness, timidity and unselfishness were •• sufficiently conspicuous 1 tb - be seen ;by so shrewd a woman as Mrs. Hartley. 1 Besides that, he was industrious and . iBober :; and; 1 better than all else, -Irei . .loved the widow with all his heart, v ;. ;. ..- .She knew that in spite of his open- • ness of soul and kindliness of disposition, lie had a strong, • clear character : But lie was so proud and sensitive . that he found the world something of . an ogre. He had a neat little-machine shop down m . Ellis sstreet; • and-iwas; known to he possessed of uncommon pi ill and ingenuity , but lie-, was so unwoildly and unpiactical that he -never employed- an assistant and never tried to place himself in some "high po Bition foi which his fine talent fitted liim He appealed content to slip through life as quietly as possible, aud seemed really to be hurt if people discovered "he was highly educated and a hold and original thinker He had "become acquainted with -the widow Hartley through impairing her jtype ywxilei so often, -and he liad woiysliiped Lei long befoie she suspected -the fact with one exception, she was-Sall that held life Taught foiTiim, 'aria that exception liis ft lend, Mr Cunning ham j- ^ f -j" The Tnaehimstiiadwnly -one dissiga, tion. that vas to close*hiTpliop-and taketiips out"of town withTiisffHfflad .Cunningham The widow hummed 't liinfHwthis, ^as^h'e leasoned thatJie i (fle r eded,this^nna i bfi'human companion Spill ship to" draw him out of himself and -closer to'. the world. His : affection for: his friend was almost an infatuation;' and the only anxiety that beset Mrs. Hartley was on the score of this man's influence over her lover—as to whether it was good or bad. She had annoying doubts about this, for, although Mr. Cantine was very guarded and loyal where his friend was concerned; he now and then dropped little hints that made the widow uneasy. In this way - she ' discovered . ;that . Cunningham was even more of a recluse and world-hater than her lover, and that - he detested women ... with •-.- positive virulence; It was a long time, in spite of all . her shrewdness, before she -discovered that Cunningham;'. more: unpractical._than Cantine, years ago had abandoned a career which promised success and fame in the medical world,- and she had come to-suspect that Cantine was supporting him out of his slender. earnings. The good widow promised herself that she would straighten out all these matters after her marriage to Cantine and would send this precious Mr. "Cunningham : adrift. :Now, after her dreadful discovery, iwh en she needed her lover most, where should he. be but running around; the country with Qunr. mngh.im But the machinist appeai-ed'm a day or two, evidently greatly -refreshed by his outing. His gentle greeting was doubly welcome to the distressed'- woman, for she had been unable to work since receiving ,her fright. Little Bessie was found and restored to her mother, a;ud, like all the other little girls, who had disappeared, she had suffered a skilful mutilation which-deprived her of the power of speech. Cantine and Mrs. Hartley, in i common with all the other residents of - the city, had often-' discussed these : fearful crimes which kept every home; in an agony Of apprehension, but Can-; tine had liyvcr taken so lively an interest iii the affair as he did now'that: it had been brought so near home by; the widow's discovery. He now weut': to see Mrs. Hartley every evening, and • he could hardly taUc about anything: bssides the extraordinary crimes. He went so far as to lay his timidity aside and visit the house of the little sufferer, and although he evidently suffered keenly through sympathy for her pain, he was fascinatad by a study of her as she lay moaning in her crib. He even begged to be shown the slight wound that had been made in the side of her head, and he turned sick when they removed the bandages and showed it to him. Two days afterwarJ he startled Mrs. Hartley by announcing that he would undertake the discovery of the fiend who was spreading this unspeakable terror abroad. " What ! you turn detective 1 " gasped the widow. " Why not, Margaret? You know I am not over-vain, but I am persuaded I have]| a certain logical quality of mind that might prove useful in this matter; for this is a most uncommon and mysterious case, and to the ordinary detective methods it is essential that fine synthetical processes be added. This man likely will never be redbnnded. He has that baffling cun- . liI- of. n. JiJMc71n.-Li], \VIIJ..J] opc?!l detection and invites analysis. Besides, my ; dear,; although you must know I am not avaricious, yet now that I hope Slid" expect to 1)6 married to the dearest of women I desire she should have as many as possible of those physical comforts which smooth the corners of life and give opportunity foi- the development of many pleasant graces. For these eleven crimes the Slate has offered rewards aggregating eleven thousaud dollars, and the parents of the little sufferers have added forty six thousand dollars, making a jfcotat••••bf fifty seven , thousand dollars. If I find this man arid secure -his conviction you will he rich. Quite likely I shall rhave to call Cunningham into the case, but he detests money so heartily that he would not think of claiming half..,.• I shall need no assistance except his, and possibly yours." It all : seemed so absurd to Mrs. Hartley that shebeganat once to-protest, fearing that her lover lacked common sense to work out the practical details of the mystery. The more •she .reflected the more' she : feared' that Cantine's mind had been turned;.for certainly a ; change had come over hiin lately—a sort of smothered excitement, a'fieeting: abstraction of manner, along with unwanted hard lines about his mouth and eyes. There was another thing: she'suspected that his friend Cuniiingliamhadsomethingtoidowith his determination; and as Cunningham was the flightiest and most irrational of;creatures, she reasoned that he was no fit adviser for her. future husband. So she-made her final, stand; there^ : !• Robinson, why. do you never bring 1 his Mr. Cunningham to.see me: " I. have answered. '• .that question many rtimes,. my .dear—he . refnses to come." ..,,..:. .;-. :.. "But why?" .; • • " As I have, told you, women.;; Why,- the sound of a woman's voice gives him\a- chill. -He declares world: and " lie' says that the greatest blessing which nature could bestow on humanity would : be ; to arrange the bunging of all female .children-into'the woild dumb " f'What a detestable creature he must be !. •' she exclaimed, with a shudder i " He as-my friend/' responded Oantme/tstepnly; * MTS:^a«tley»dropped : theisu>bjec1i for the evening, -and^soon Cantine went era ay "When next he called (after a lie liad gone wholly into the case," that he found it intensely intei esting.e There'was nothing foi f the widovTtofjlo| 1 thencbutliqpei and«ait;:..andas:the idayst :passed«and::Gantinerepoi'ted-- progresj mthf^S'work-she vherselfeas-gfiadu®! diawn into his enthusiasm and at'^tli* same'time s her : opinioncofeC(antine'si.>de: : spised" fnend -was Taised _ Can'' 'avoidedimention? of-:him^ aSifmueh' possible, but under the widow's shrewd discouragement 17 of that-policy 5 the ch'm"^ ,"oftencd%nd ,,, r" ma ' , er m""e l and; more into his confidence, and told ber some vay mteiesling and Jielpful things ^that Ounnmgham-Jiadj:ommunk cated "We is the wor ork,ojL a madman, but -what lus; motive: The mu cal handi of excepti ^ years ofsagj^so fliat^the-^ " " - o"tememrer^tTie Sfiend 1^ circjyastanr the: operations are performed j in ,exactlyj in the same manner. The Bcalp_ is ; ojpened on the left side over the-occipi-! tal bone, a segment of the skullremoved.i a cer tain brain convolution taken, out, r the skull trephined and the scalp; stitched, with proper .antiseptic treat-' inent and provision for the drainage of the wound. For this, work their iflust - be -elaborate preparation, including a room which can be treated with. sterilizing chemicals, an operating table:-with straps and a . generous supply of: fine surgical appli-; ances. There must also be a place in which the child can be kept and treated in comfort untib the shock has ^passed ; and recovery set up. . Now, there is not a eurgeon in this city who is known to have the skill necessary for the uniformly successful performance, of this delicate and dangerous operation, and yet how-can a surgeon of such slrill live i here and .the fact .not be known:? : OFor ; if he is so skilful in one particular lie must be-in others, this mutilation ^ot, being a surgical specialty, but giving evidence of general skill; especially in that rarest - of" branches; .cranial surgery. There is not. a -single feature of; the case that betrays the. hand of any known surgeon'in San. Franciscojhence it -is;-reasonatile :to .assume.-that:,this: man isnofcarpracfcising surgeon-in Sau. Finncisco. Tf Jie ^vcrc jjuch' -n, man . living in some other, city- in the State , his skill would be known.- It appears clear, then;, that this man lives in San Francisco, or near by; that he is not: a practising surgeon or known to be a j surgeon at all, and that his conceal- .ihen't -of himself the easier. This- purpose can be no other than the one which we see manifested—the mutilation of children in this peculiar manner; For this there is a motive, whether the fiend be sane . or insane, aud behind: this motive lies a history- Any circumstances ,in: a man's past,- life which would bring him into so extraordinary- ,a course as this has undoubtedly left a deep mark which must: be visible. -All this is true, whether ho be sane or insane. 1 think he is insane, but if so, he will be all the easier to find, for some incoherency is bound to develop,;and from this tho discovery will come. " Another thing : The; consistency of it all shows a purpose as well as a motive. Motive lies behind, purpose stretches before; In comparing all possible motives and purposes one .pair must he found, each element of which will not only fit the other rigidly, but also.all the circumstances .of the mutilation. . Ybu see, the field lofrinqiiiry steadily narrows, and the more it is •hemmed in'' with reasoning the narrower it becomes'. This.problem, of a purpose is puzzling, and as yet I don't know what,to make of it." " What is the effect of the operation, Robinson ?" masked the widow. " It is-wh4t physicians call ataxic aphasia—mability to articulate words." " If this madman, as you call him, performs' a particular operation children and they, all develop similar symptoms, :couldn't you;infer,wliat his purpose is from the effect of his work?" She said "all this modestly, as becaino a weak woman in the presence of a skilful reasoner, but it had a stron effect upon her-hearer, for lie .'sprang to iii.s foot id rixcitc;n]07if-,.' .. " '•"'"'"B'raye,''^ilargaret !"-he x!He'dr r "Ton are a better reasoner than I. Of course his jjurpose is to destroy tlio power of speech in children." . " I wouldn't say children, Robin son, but girls." ' " Oh what.a, thinker you .are!" hr cried, .enthusiastically. " Yes," bb added, " this is the work of soihe jnvj who wants to derive 1 ittle" girls of tbe power of speech,.... This is a very important point. I will take it tn Gumiingham, for lie is much shvewdsr than I; and ho can. doa great with it." And then he left. Mrs. Hartley had not yet be*n taken so far into her jbyer's!-confideric>j: as to be -of tangible service in the ease and this was somewhat ;of a; surprise, for, it was not until Cantine had gou>i into the matter that she began to realize her insigaificaiice. Up to tha' time she never had a doubt that sh was the stronger and ; cleverer of : th« two. She had constituted herself his guardian/and protector, and had felt >. large satisfaction in the conceit. But all this had ^ changed . ,, in a'most ....... radical , manner By nimblenessofmind a,na not at all 1 by bravado; Cantine liad put himself forward ; it was altogether an unconscious assumption, but it sent the widow into palpitations and gave to: her love the valuable quality oi fear. , Hence it'was , . that .... lie had . . decomprehended ivIAw 1 by l-iTr. a fi woman, .-Hj-rtivioriV-wf. • it: 1 is - so suf- , veloped from the common place into the mysterious and strong; but so that thei man have a quality that is not ficient to -make her his subordinate, and thusits fell.;out-. jthat -.the rfnsig'' forth conspicuously, an accepted but unconscious master. - - ' .v : He:" had; more 'things to tell' her. She did not reflect that likely he was a mere echo of the stranger and stronger Cunningham, for, in common with h'er sexj she could' 'feel 'the' pres., sure of that only which wias 'present to my: friend, " said lie, " your proposition that the .mutilation was -confined; other t-hings ;; which _ and what do70U 1 think he did?" t '! I am curious to know." c Mr. Cantine left his, chair and strode up and down the room. - " He called me a fool." This was' isaidtheav^ly^and impressively. n '^.Not stian'gest t-and most-- contradictory- of mortals' +Aifew 4, a 7 s ago!heJtried by eveiy'B.m^ns^osmakesmet^witMra^: fiom the case,Checalled^e a'fobl and : diver-s other^laish " ""^hal doeslie sayjnow, Robinaou?" M asked >the vSow„ ^ ' ' i S 