PLAYS AND PLAYERS, Mrs Brown Potter and Mr Bellow, it appears, were unable to arrange dates with Mr Williamson, to admit, in the immediate future, at any rate, of their re.visiting Aus tralia. Early in July Mrs Potter and Sir Bellow are engaged to play a season at San lFrancisco, and as Mr Williamson could arrange for their contemplated visit, only during the month of June, the negotiations had to be abandoned. SMr Brian Darley, who will be remembered in Melbourne forhis performance of the part of Mercutio, is now playing the part of Charloey in a New York produotion of Charley's Aunt. Sir John Hare is said to beso well eatisfied with the success attending the revival of Casteat the Garrick, and the prospect of a ran of some little time being eecured, that he has gone to Monte Carlo for a holiday. Dur. ing tae second week of the revival money had to be refused in every quarter of the theatre except the stalls. It is very probable that Miss Kate Vnughan will be associated with Mr Edward Terry in the musical comedy, in whish this gentleman is to make his re.appearance as a burlesque actor. Should such prove to be really the case the production will be of a doubly inter estingnature Mr Charles Warner is to stage manage at the Adelphi the new piece by Mr Sutton Vane. The title of this has been altered from the Bow of Hope to the Scales of Justice. A feature in the new drama will be a scenein the interiorof a cotton mill and an exact representation of the process of calico printing. This will be carried out from designs taken from Meess Hoyle's mill in Manchester where exact information in regard to details has also been obtained. Mr Probasco, the owner and trainer of Mahomet, the "talking horse," has recently been giving some particulars in regard to this intelligent animal. Calling one day at an American cattle-ranch, he learned that a hores on the place had just previously killed a men. Obtaining permission to tryhishand at taming the animal, he succeeded so well that in two days the horse was going quietly in the saddle. Finding that the horse showed more than ordinary intelligence in learning circus tricks, he determnined to educate him to a higher pitch, and the feats atpresentperformed are the result of three years training. Mahomet, it is stated, has had the unique experience, for a horse, of appearing as a witness in a court case. In May, 1802, in New York, the owner being summoned for riving on a Sunday what was termed a circus performance, but which, it was claimed for the defence, was only the exhibition of an educated. and uonltured quad. ruped-the judge consented to the horse beingealled as a witness. The animal on being called, came up to the porch of the court, and was interrogated by the judge. "How old are you! "was the first question, to which the horse replied by striking the ground five times, with his hoof, signifying by tkis "Five years." "How long have you been in the business as an edu cated horeel" was the next ques tion, answered by three strokes, meaning "three years." Despite these and similar questions and answers, however, a nominal fine was inflicted on the owner. Morocco Bound, which has had such a suc. cessful run in London, will be succeeded at the Trafalgar Theatre by a piece of a similar nature entitled Go Bang, written by Mesars AdrianRoss and Osmona Carr. blessrs J. L. Shine, Charles Danby and bliss Letty Lind are mentioned for parts in the newproduo tion. From thelast British census it would ap. pear that there are more actresses than actors in England, the numbers relatively being 3696 and 3625. At Brooklyn, New York, 50 girls moving in the best society are stated recently to have blacked their faces and given a minatrel enter. tainment for a charitable object. Mr J. F. Sheridan hbs a company playing A Trip to Chicago in the English provinces, and inthiscompany a Miss Amy Singleton plays the part of the widow Murphy, and Mliss NellieArline the banjoist, Lulu Mlurhy the daughter. Miss Gracie Plaisted is shortly to be mar ried, so it is stated, to a MIr Frank Fowler, an ex-congressman of the United States. sends up a rocket every evening, and admits to the performsnce free of charge the finder of the stick. Stockholm, the stronghold of Ibsen and his dramas, is reported to have taken very enthusiastically to Charley's Aunt, which bas recently been played there. Mr Abbey pays Mr Henry Irving L75,000 net for his recent American touar. It is not unlikely that Mlr Oscar Barrett's pantomime prodnoion, Cinderella, at the Lyceum Theatre, where it has proved a for midable rival to the Drury Lane annual, may be taken to America on the return of Mr Irving and his company to the Lyceum. Despite his recent illness Sir Augnetus Harrms is occupying himself with the new drama for Drry Lane. The piecewill bethe joint work of Sir Aurnetus Harris, Mr Cecil Raleigh and Mr Henry Hamilton. There are indications, so it is said, that theatrical matters in London, and more especially in the provinces, will experience a substantial revival during the next few months. Mr W. T. Best, the celebrated organist, has been obliged, owing to ill health, to resign the position of organist at St. George's Hall, Liverpool Mesers Gilbert and Sullivan's latest opera Utopia Limited was to have its first Ameri oan production at the Broadway Theatre, New York, last Monday. Ata recent operatic production at Dresden, RuUinstein is stated to have been recalled no less than twenty-four times. MadameVanaerveerGreen,incompany with Miss Emma Eames will commence a concert tour at New Yorkabout the let May. Amongst projected departures for India are those of the Perman trio, who, it is stated, will go there under the management of Mr T. Hudson. MrArthur Lawrence, the clever character actor who, until a year or so ago, was a familiar figure on the stage in Melbourne and Sydney, made his first Ameri. can appearance at the Berkley Lycenm Theatre, N-ew Yoric, as Pastor Manders in Ibsen's Ghosts. Mr Lawrence secures praise from the American napers for the same finished and careful acting and sneaking that invariably choracterised his work whilst here. 