move list. \- WYTHRED'8 WHARF. i chapter i. Between Tbatnewtrert and the Hirer ' Thames, open a (jx/t «n which the castle of an English monarch once stood, there stands a lefty warehosse — so lofty that eren at toidixsy it throws some shadow j open the broad wharf below. It is a busy acene ; for noon that silent i highway, where formerly the gilded ' basyes of royalty glided to and fro with j cargoes of dames and coartiers, black ' barges now pas in (low procession, led by 1 astomstsc togs of the most democratic ap- 1 pea ranee, j lfere laughter seldom greets the ear ; 1 the hoarse rhoota are heard of barge and ; lightermen, end the constant trundling of iron trucks loaded with sicks, boxes and bales ; but abore all other noise sounds / the rattling chainwork of bnge cranes ; ' when the goods are lifted into the air \ and ewallowed np at route wide aperture . opon one of the numerous floors of the warebouie — a warehouse which wonld seem to beast of unlimited accommoda- tioa; for the unloading from the lighters i and the lifting of mercfiandisc into i one storeroom or another go on day after i day. Upon the first flw/r of this warehouse, J looking out upon the riser, is Mr. Lin- j tock'a ofliee, Mr. Lintock is the proprie- t tor. Wytlired's wharf and warehouse hare been in the family for generations, 1 Few richer men are to be found than I John Unlock in the city of London ; and i yet, as he sat late one afternoon at hia ' desk, this prinee whsrf-owner bad a dis contented, troubled look. Hie brow was : deeply wrinkled, and the expression in his eyes sraa that of a man who wa con stantly haunted by some distressful thought, A knock at his office door, for no obvious reason, startled him. It was . growing durky on the river, and the men were beginning to disperse for the night. > It was duskier still in the wharf-owner's t room. | "Who's thatS" Mr. Unlock, half- £ rising, shaded hi s eyes with his hand. 1 "Ducket f" " Yes, sir," '"Ah, that's right. Well, Ducket, wjhstisit?" Looking round the sombre room thu man said i "Shall I light your lamp, sir J" asked , Ducke - "Ifo, Ducket, I shall not need it to night; I an ffola% home, Hare you any thing to .ty /" Ducket sraa Mr, Linfock'e foreman. Be was a ,V«ad- shouldered man, with laige limbs an d a great, honest face. His figure was angn'lsr— a rather gaunt form, aggrsrated in 1'ta stoop by constantly bending to lift hatry weights. He had the keen, aearchiii.g eyes of one long ac customed to the snp-ervision of a hive of : workmen. "Yen wished me forfell you, sir, when I saw Chigrtoun again.'" " Well ?" said Mr. Iiintocfc, noticing some liesitation. " I have seen him." "About the wharf?" " h'o ; he has given np coming here. He took the hint f gave him last time and has stopped coning (his way, thoagh " 1 never thought he would," "Where, then, did you see him?" asked Mr, Unlock. , " On Ionian Bridge. He was lounging there, eir, leaning over the parapet. It was getting dark, and 1 saw him look at the warehouse and then into (he river, as ff he had half a mind to drown himself. I'm a-thinking, sir, that he's getting a bit daft." "A danger to himself," the wharf, owner answered thoughtfully. "And to others, sir, 'said the foreman, significantly. " He's plotting. A man like Clogstoun wonld stick at nothing, , sir." , "What do yon mean by that, Ducket?" Docket twilled hit cap in his band and glanced out of the window upon the darkening river, " Plotting rerenge," said he, \- "Ebf "Hotting rerenge," repeated Bucket, with a ijuick look at his master. " Why, (hose broken-down, drunken chaps like Clogstoun, sir, haven't anything to lose— liny set no value on life. "Do you mean their own V "Aye, sir— neither their own nor other people's, Youll excuse rne, sir ; bat it you bad seen the face of him—" The foreman stopped abruptly, ftorae- ? Iking in Mr. Linto ek'e face alarmed him ; a keen stab could scarcely have produced 1 mom sudden change. But the startled J expression passed before he could ask if bis mssier were ill. "Ducket," said Mr. Unlock, rising from his chair, "if C'logatoun ever comes ' to the wharf you hare my leave to hand ; him orer to (be police. We must run no risks in a place like this, I am glad to see that you are alive to the iset that the ; man is a dangerous character," ' As he drove that evening toward Lou- 2 dim Bridge Station through the lamp-lit I streets, Mr. Unlock fleered restlessly out of tile carnage window ; and In the large thoroughfares, wfiore men with uncouth, dissipated faces langhwl and talked at AMnjmt .stern ilrsm, he looted about '» Vhn with tile horror of one who dreaded "bu rtwffiwi WW TfyuUWe face among them , It vtm tioi until the wharf-owner had patted inf » this crowded station that be seemed Us throw cd in tonus degree ' -tb it curiosity about hti lelloW'tatn, Mr Uatock lived t Gfreswcb, and Ute train vu on the point o! starting. As he stepped into an empty compartment and the porter was closing tho door, a yoang man camo up out of breath and stepped in after him. By tho dim light they recognised each ofchor as friends, and a warm exchango of greotings fol lowed. "Why, Ovcrbeck, what takes you to Greenwich, eh ?" said tho wharf-ownor. " I was coming to visit you." "Todlno with us?" " Yes," " I am delighted to hear it." A matter of business between Mr. fsintock and Percy Ovorbeck had origi nally brought them together. Ovorbeck had taken part of a house in Trinity Houaro as a junior partner in a Hamburg firm, and often had occasion to land goods at Wythrod'a wharf. Mr Lintock, in his younger days, had known Overbeck's parents ; and ho had wolcomcd to a place on his hearth this son of his old friends, as soon as ho presented his lottor of rc> commendation ; and so it camo to pass that tho young Hamburg merchant quickly learned to roaliso that Mr. Lin- tock had a fascinating daughtor. Nor did he despair of somo day winniog Bertha Lintock's hand. The train was in rapid motion. Tho two friends sitting opposite eacli other, were chatting pleasantly, whon a startling change came over Mr. Lintock's face. The expression was that of abject terror. With his eyes fixed as though ho wore fascinated— axed upon tho furthor win dow of the carriage— tho wharf-ownor sat pale and speechless. Ovcrbcck could not withdraw his gazo ; and so completely did Mr. Lintock's face and attitude impress him, that for the moment lie imagined aoinothing super natural had appeared to him. Turning his head to follow tho direction of tho wharf-owner's eyes, Ovorbeck was sur prised to see no phantom — nothing visiblo beyond the window but black night. Overbeck placed his hand on Mr. Lin tock's arm. "Are we in danger? You stare as though you anticipated aomothing ter rible. If there is any real — " The elder man raised his hand to silence his companion, at tho same time covering his eyes with the other as if to shot out some repulsivo sight. " There is no dangor— no danger now. It has gone by." This answer, in Overbeck's excited state of mind, did not satisfy. "There was danger, then? If it was real, and not mere fancy—" ''If. was real. It's lucky wo met to-night. Your prcsenco has savod my life. " In what possible way?" " Do not fjuestion mo now," said Mr. Lintock, with great oarnestnoBs. "i saw, as distinctly &b; I see vou at this mo ment, a f.ico at that farther window — a face that has haunted me for moro than a year." Overbeck aprang up to go to tho car riage door ; but his companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. " Don't stir ! Tho faco has gono — it would bo madness 1" The engine shrieked, and tho carriages began to slacken pace. In another min ute the train had como to a standstill in Greenwich Station. CHAPTER IT. The Lintock mansion, in the neighbor hood of Greenwich Park, was surroundod by a high garden wall. Tho groat iron gate, leading into a largo courtyard, might have boon tho ontranco to a prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Over- beck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown opon, and ho stopped with his host into a broad, woll- lighted hall, all soriBo of dread was in stantly dismissed, for at tho foot of tho oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintock. Sho was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and sho always lookod her best, in Percy's opinion, at these moments of greeting with hor father; not that her dark eyes woro wanting in their eloquent expression of welcoino when they met his. But sho simply said in a charming tono of well-feigned surprise : Mr. Ovorbeck. How very kind this is 1" as she took his proflered hand. Overbeck could not fail to notico, from Bertha's anxious glanco at her father's face, that she guessed something had re cently upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which ho had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon her father's mind? Bertha's first words, when they were alone in the drawing- room before dinner, " Have you marked the change in my father ? To night he does not seem tho same man, con vinced Overbeck that she had been told nothing, " He is greatly changed," replied the young man. "I am much concerned about him," ''Can anything bo done ?" "I sincerely hope your father will talk to me of himself this evening. I shall draw hirn out," he added, laughingly, to reassure her, " over our cigar. Bertha's eyes expressed her sense of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted ; in fact, ho left Bertha to do all the talking; so she and Percy con versed together to their hearts' con tent. As soon. as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeck stood holding open tho door, tho girl gave him one of those appealing looks as sho passed out which no remembered long after. "Now that we aro alone," said Mr. Lintock, " I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts me. I have intended for some time speaking to you. Tho in cident in the train to-night has decided me." Overbeck, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking atten tively at Mr. Lintock, 6aid : " I am deeply interested." After a few minutes' pauso, the wharf- owner inquired : "Do vou remember, Overbeck, an in dividual of the name of Clogstoun ?" Overbeck shook his head. " He was a workman on tho wharf. I dismissed him for insobriety." "A dark person, with black, hungry eyes?" asked Overbeck. " That's the jpan, as you decribe him— that's the man whosa face I saw at tho carriage window to- niglit." The younger man's handsome eyes were fixed scarchingly upon his host, " Not really ?" " Yes, what else?" " I thought you mightmean his ghost," said the young man, smiling, " 1 mean the man's face. I havo no belief in diiembodtei spirits.' "But," said Overbook, "unless tho man Clogstoun is dead — " " Ho is not dead. Ho threatens mo; lie lias done so for months. I see his face ovorywhoro — everywhere," said Mr. Lin tock, glancing uneasily round the room. For a moment the whorf-ownor placed his hand across hiB oyes, as ho had dono in tho railway carriage ; but quickly re covering himself ho said : " Clogstoun had ofton boon employed on tho wharf, and as often discharged, owing to his tipsy and quarrolsomo habits. He insulted overyono ho came across, whon excited by drink, until it was thought he must bo out of his mind. When at lost I refused to listen to his appeal to bo given another ohanco, ho muttered, 4 You shan't ruin mo for no thing, Mr. Lintock ; yoii had better think this over.' I did not like his look then ; there was a strange expression in his eyes— a look that scorned to mo to con tain a touch of insanity, A fow days afterward he accosted mo in tho street, loaded mo with insult, and vowed lie would nob rest until he had taken my life." Ovorbeok startod up with an angry ex clamation on his lips. 41 The man is mad!" 44 1 treated this throat at first as tho silly uttcranco of a drunkard," continued Mr. Lintock. 44 It gave mo at the mo- mont no roal uneasiness. But as time went by, his conduct began to alarm me. Ho again accosted mc, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should bo forced, if he did not cense to annoy mo, to tuko tho matter before a magis trate," "Ah! you did right. I should have done so at once, though." 44 But that has uo effect. He still dogs my steps if I vonture out after dark. I see his oyes fixed on ine at every cornor ; and unless something ib dono to put a stop to it I shall be ill. My duticB at tho warehouse are a sufficient wear and tear without Clogstoun's wretohed faco threat ening mo night and day." Ovorbeck was pacing up and down the room. Qe could not rest with tho thought of Mr. Lintock inaulted and' harassed at overy turn. 41 Does anyone know of this affair ex cept ourselves ?" he asked. Tho wharf-owner reflected a moment. 44 Ducket, I think, suspects aomothing ; nobody else." 44 Not even your daughtor 1" "I have never spokon to hor on tho subject," said Mr. Lintock, evasivoly. Aftor a moment's pauso, Ovorbeck askod : 44 Can. you givo mo Clogstoun's ad dress ?" The. wharf-ownor looked up sur prised. 14 It nover occurred to mo that he had any. In what hole or corner of London would ho lodge V Ills appearance was no hotter whon I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp." 44 Ho must bo known to tho polrco." 44 So I hope, for ho has fallen very low. Hv was Inst scon by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from tho account ho gavo me, suicido or something worse. Is there a crimo that ono so profligate would not commit ? The thought makes mo shudder! If you hnd soon his faco to-nigbfc, tho droad would havo laid hold of you as it has of me— that my life is in danger." He spoke in a very earnest tono, but there was no traco of agitation in his mnnner. His words, 44 My lifo is in danger," seomod to oxpross the convic tion of a sound-minded man capablo of mature reflection. 44 You are seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that tho face at. tho carriage window was rod, and not imaginary ?" Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bont upon tho ground, replied : 14 That is a question to which X wish, Ovorbeok, I could give you a satisfactory answer. Is it roal ? Tho face, as 1 tell you, threatens mo momentarily — so un expectedly ; it fiuems--only too real." Them ho suddenly added with a searching glanco, You do not think my brain affected ? Well, well, it is not surpris ing if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, sometimes, without this one, to drivo mo crazy." Ovorbeck promised to tako the matter seriously in hand ; and after some further conversation on tho subject, of a re assuring nature, Mr. Lintock proposed that thoy should join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was at tho piano, but sho rose when thoy camo in, gave them tea, and paid some delicate little attentions to her father. Then she returned to the piano, and began to play a sonata that seemod like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently Percy Overbook went softly to a chair beside her, for the wharf-owner had fallen asleep. 44 He has spoken to you," said the girl, still accompanying her dream. 44 Has he not?" Her face was troubled, and tears were in her dark eyes. 44 We have talked tho mntter over. He has told me ovorything. Do not be dis tressed ; thoro is no need. Have confidence in me, will you, as an old friond?" Thoro was little occasion to havo asked this. Bertha's faco, though troubled, had no lost its trustfulness. "Why should you doubt that?" was tho girl's reassuring reply, 44 For weeks past I have wished that my father would speak to you. I know that something disturbed him. ( But he is so considerate 1 He has done his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm mo." 44 It is about a discharged workman- it is best that you should know— a fellow who threatens your father. The affair has unnerved him ; but I hopo to put matters right. You aro not frightened, 1 hope 1" '4 Now ; not now," said Bortha in a low voice — 14 not now, that you aro lifting half tho burden off our shoulders. How good it is of you 1" Sho woe irresistible. Ovorbeok an swered in his earnest way : 44 There is no burden that I would not bear for your sake." 44 For me ?" 44 Yes, Bertha. I love you." There was a flutter of tho dark oyo lashes, but tho girl did not raiso her oyes. Tho accompaniment to her dream was al most inaudible now. Waa the reality — tho conviction of her lovo for Porcy Overbeck dawning upon hor ? Thb 'sonata was finished, and Mr. Lin tock awoko out of his nap. It was time for .Overbeck to bid hiB friends good night, for iio' intended to return to Lon- .don. Ho caught a sweet, timid glanco from Bertha as lie took his leayb. As tho train was approaching London Bridge, and the glow of lamplight in wido and narrow thoroughfares throw a red roficotion over tho otty, Ovorbeok thought. of tho countless mysteries that lay hiddou iu durk courts and alleys, iu tho ihidst of all this glare. Was tho faco that haunted his friond in ono of theso shadowy by-ways ? CHAPTER III. Tho yisit to Groonwioh of Percy Over book .had effected a noticeablo change in tho Wharf-ownor's stato of mind. Tho haunted look loft him, his expression was altogether lesscoroworn, and it would al most seom as if those strango forebodings which had lately perturbed his brain troubled him no longer. His interest in all tho businoss of tho wharf returned and Duckot found him ono evening work ing in gritn earnest at his desk. 44 Well, Ducket," said Mr. Lintock, as tho foreman camo in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, 44 who is on duty to night ?" 44 I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock." 44 Not alone?" 14 Why, yes. The fact is, eir, I'd a special object in relieving tho night watchman." The wharf-ownor's glance expressed his surprise. 44 What object could you possibly havo ?" v: Duokot, still ocoupiod with thb lamp, answered without lifting his oyes : 44 1 am expecting Mr. Ovorbeck." 44 And what hour?" Duckot Imndod tho wharf-owner a. slip of papor. A singlo lino, whioh ho re cognised as Porcy Otorbock's writing, ran as follows 41 Ton P. M. Wait at wharf. P. O.' Mr. Lintook'a faco while reading this underwent a ohango but recovering him self quiokly ho inquired : 44 Do you know why Mr. Ovorbeok is coming to night ?" Tho lamp was now lighted, and Duokot, wh»lo placing it upon tho wharf-ownor's desk and adjusting tho shade, replied: 44 It's about Ologstoun. So I naturally suppose ; for thore ain't anything else I can think of that would bring him hero at that timo o' night. Tho noto, just as you see it, was given to mo this afternoon." 44 Who brought it ?" 44 Ono of Mr. Overbeck's clerk's." The wharf-ownor looked thoughtfuL 44 1 havo plenty to keep mo busy till ten o'clock,' said ho, throwing a glanco over tho papers before him. 44 Mr. Over beck 1b coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wait and boo him." Then taking up his pon ho addod, 44 You'll be within call if I want you, Duoket?" 44 You've only to touoh tho boll, sir; I shall bo sure to hear." it was the first timo for many wooks that Mr. Lintock had worked alone in tho counting-houso after dark ; and it was not surprising that tho do&d; silence and soli tude, when he occasionally stopped and looked up from his desk, should remind him of tho threatening fnoo of Ologstoun. Ho had dismissed tho olerks, for ho had no need of assistance ; every detail refer ring to tho wharf was entorod'in the bomts upon tho shelves around him. Still the silonco seomod eaoh moment more oppressive. It was past nine. What could Duoket bo doing so noise lessly down stairs, ho wondered ? It was so strange he had neither heard tho sound of hiB voice nor footsteps. Thon ho thought, 44 If Duokot would only sing or movo about tho building tho sonse of loneliness and droad whioh is creeping over me would bo removed." Ho tried manfully to dismisB this fool ing und to find absorption in the work be fore him ; bub there now roso in his mind, moro vividly than ever, this haunting faco. Ho imagined the figuro of Clog stoun, as Duoket had described it, loaning over the parapet of tho bridgo. Was tho man there to-night, ho wondored? Ho could not resist the temptation to stretoh oat his hand and draw the uurtain back from tho window and look out upon tho dark river. Tho lights flickered on tho bridgo ; but they were too dim to have enabled Mr. Lintock to distinguish one figure from another. Yot he fancied that, dark as it was, he could discoru a shadowy form standing near tho contro of tho bridgo, and that tho form resembled that of tho man with whoso faco ho was so paiofully hauntod. Ho dropped the cur tain with an angry gesture. 44 What if Clogstoun is thoro ?" ho ex claimed aloud. But tho wharf-ownor's hand trembled now ; ho could not write. Tho black horrors which he had'rosolutelyovercomo began again to crowd .on his brain liko imps of darkness ; tho moro ho tried to ohose thorn from him, tho moro they swarmed. His imagination awakened into terror at. last. A firm conviction took hold of him ; it was liko a nightmare which no strength of will could drive from his brain ; Ologstoun was staring at him through the glass partition in the clerk's offico liko a cat watching its proy 1 Mr. Lintock Bprang to his feet. At this moment the gate bollinthooourtyard of the warehouse began to ring. CHAPTER IV. After lighting Mr. Lintock's lamp, Duoket had descended to tho basomont on a levol with tho wbarf. It was a huge storeroom ; its area represented the dimonsionB of tho entire warehouse ; and although thero woro piles of merchandise on all sides of tho iron pillars whioh sup ported tho floor above, its groat sizo was still apparent, for thoro wore avenues in every direction botwoon theso goodly piles wido enough for tho trucks to run to and fro. Near tho river ontranco to this store room stood a woodon shod ; it had a door facing tho main avonuo, and a small win dow on o&ch; sido. On tho door was written>44Suporintondont'Boflico." Duckot raised the latch and stopped in. Thoro was a desk undor ono of tho windows, and under tho othor stood a stovo with a fun nel disappearing through a holo in tho wood-work. Tho fbromon drow up a oh&ir; in front of thisejovo, and haviog looked at tho firo and fedit with charcoal, ho began to ap- poaso his appotito out of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. Ho &to; hie ;euppor with apparent rolish ; but tho mixture in tho can did not seem to his tastq, for ho rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. 44 I'd rather drink a pint of senna," ho declared, driving the cork home emphati cally with tho palm of his hand, 44 than nnothorjdrop of that stuff." Ho lit his pipo with an air of resigna tion, leaned back in hiB chair and stared perplexedly at the tin can. Had anyone beep pbjing him a trick? Bovrube I ginning to get so sloopy that tho walls of tho shod appeared to expand, and his head to grow proportionately larger. It was a maddening uonsation Ho tried to throw off his drowsiness, for ho was tho solo watchman in tho building. If any c&tastropho; occurred tho blamo would fall on his ehouldors. Duckot took his lantern and wont out. Ho began to paco up and down tho contro avonuo botwoon pyramids of bales. No matter whether he turned to tho right or left ho was always becoming moro and moro imprcssod with tho fact that uncer tainty lay boyond. This soon ondod by tho lantern's falling from his hand mid going out ; then ho sank on tho ground with his head resting on a hard balo. . Was ho dreaming ? It Boomed to Ducket as in a.droam that someono glided past him liko a ghost, and that a light flashed before his oyes ; then an interval of darknosa and confusion followed, until ho awoko with a start, strongly convinced that ho had been roused by tho olang of tho warohouso boll. Could it bo Ovor beck at tho gate alrondy ? It wns surely not ton o'oloek i Tho foroman struggled to his foot and gropod his way toward tho superintondont's oflioo. ; As ho wont along with outstrotohod hands ho oxporionced a dull singing m his oar. j Was it tho gate-boll vibrating in his be wildered brain ? . Duckot found tho stovo firo still burn ing, though low. Ho took a lantern from tho woll, and lightiug it glanced anxiously at tho olock. > . 44 Half-past ton I" ho oxclatraod ; 11 why—" 1 ' ' ; It teas tho warehouse bell. It was no dream now ; it soundod liko an alarm, it was so incessant. Still half dazed with tho oppressing effect of his unnatural sloop, Duokot hurried aoross tho yard, and unlooking tho sido door leading into Thames stroot, found himself faoo to fooo with Perey Ovorbeck. With an air of aupproBeod impatienco ho said: 44 Why aro you so dilatory in oponiiig tho door ?" 44 1 only hoard tho boll a minute ago, sir." 4 4 How's that ? 1 havo boon ringing at short intervals for noarly half- an-hour. Is thoro anything wrong ?" Duckot looking puzzled at Ovorbock's excited faco, answorod : 44 1 very much suspoet that— 11 14 What ?" :: 44 That I've beon drugged. Thai's why I couldn't come. I foil nsloop ; the. noise of tho boll awoko mo," ' ' Tho oxoitod expression on Ovorbock's faco inoroaBcd. M . 44 Aro you hero alone?" 44 I'm tho only ono on duty ; but I'm not alono in tho warehouse," said tho foroman ; 41 Mr. Lintock is hero." Overbook hurriedly demanded : "Whero?" 44 In his offico np-stairs. I loft him thero busy writiog at his desk." 44 When?" 44Somo hours ago— boforo I bocamo drowBy." 44 Sours ago? Show tho way as quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room." Duoket, still moro porplexod at Ovor bock's manner, hastened up-atnirs with out a word. Ho was Beizod with a droad- ful sonBO of apprehension ; and on open ing Mr. Lintook'e door, ho uttorod a sup pressed cry. The wharf-ownor's" room was empty ; bub tho lamp upon his desk was burning, and tho light thrown upon his paporaahowed thorn in diaordor. An inkstand had boon upsot upon tho tablo, and tho ink was trickling down into a pool upon tho floor. Ovorbeok stopped forward, took a quick glanco round him. Thon ho lookod koonly at Duokot. 44 Clogstoun has boon horo. Ho and Mr. Lintock havo mot." Tho foreman's faoo oxpressod a look of horror. 44 Now, Duckot," said Poroy Overbook, placing his hand upon tho fornman's shoulder, "norvoyourflolf. Lotusaoarch the warehouao." Tho warohouso was oxplorod from roof to basement. Tho foreman who had known every turning among tho dark lanes of merchandise since boyhood, took tho load, flashing his lantorn into ovory nook and corner. On each floor thoy called on Mr. Lintock loudly by namo ; but only an eebo of thoir voices roachod them. They stood onco moro within tho wharf-ownor's room. Duckot," said Overbook, 41 cast your oyes carefully around. Is anything mis sing?" The light from tho foroman's lantern moved over tho floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly itstoppod bo- hind Mr. Lintook's chair, 44 Do you soo that peg, sir?" 44 Yes." 44 That key should bo thore, It'a gone." 44 What key?;1 44 The key, sir, to that private door and Ducket pointed to a door opposite tho window. 44 But," said Overbook, 44 that loads out upon tho wharf. And," ho addod, turn ing tho handle, 44 it's looked. What can it mean ?" 44 It moans," said tho foreman with suddon inspiration, 44 that, dead or alivo, master has gono ont by that door." Without loss of timo, by moans of tho superintendent's koy, they mado thoir way out upon tho landing-stago. Thoy looked eagorly across tho dark nvor. Tho tido was lapping monotonously against the aidoB of tho wharf ; chains wero rattling, boats and barges moored along side creaked and atrainod at thoir ropos. Preaontly Dnckot, who went flashing about rtith hiB lantern, criod out : 44 There's a boat gone 1" 44 Ah I la tho tido ebbing ?" 44 Ay, sir, ebbing fast." Overbeck reflected a moment; thon he said : 44 Givo mo tho lantorn." Duckot obeyed. 44 Now," added Overbeck, 44 unfasten a boat, and lot us row down tho stream. Wo aro on tho track, I hopo, at lost." Tho foroman quickly set to work. Thoro was a boat suited to their purpose lying outside ab&rgo; ; it was soon loosoned and ready to start. 44 I'll tako tho sculls," said Ovorbeck, as ho stopped into his placo. " You shall steer. You know this part of tho river bottor than I do. Aro you ready?" 44 Right with tho tido, Mr. Overbeck ?" 44 Yes, by all means ; with tho tido." And so, with Ducket grasping tho rud der and Ovorbeck tho sculls, tho boat moved out into mid-stream. On thoy wont with tho ebbing tide, undor tho black shadows of huge shins and toweling warehouses until Ducket's lqntorn was ! a raero speck of gliding light in the dark , ftOBB 5 ! J | Bortha Lintock. although rumilu awtuo in a message from -hor tnUiur Unit; ho should not roturn until hue. began to grow anxious towards midnight. Mho paced up and down hor ri.om, and con stantly liatonod for the sound of whools In the carrinso-drivo ; tho nhploasiint affair, of which Porcy Overbook had spoken to hor . roaasurintrly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting iti Porcy, jsho could not conquor lior strong presenti ment of danger ; . for, u lion u child, Wytlired's wlinrf had mado a deep 'im pression upon Bortha.; While walking at her fathor s side through the great sombre Htoro-rooms, thoy hau reached uohio pas- sago— wnlh'd with . bales of morelinmliso— so dark mid narrow that sho shrunk back with suddon fright, and. wuuld goino furthor.1 i That ivriia - hori firRt visit, and sho hnd novor ontcred it sinco. , ProHuutly,- Bertha'1 hoard a hurrtod step outside tho. house.; Sho, run to the win dow and throw it' open.' Ovorbeck stood bclo\V. . .s , , ... f : ,<4 Percy, Has anything Jinpppned ?" she asked. ' 44 Whuro'is iny fathor?"'.' u Ho is horo, Bertha— at thoy&tq.; You iiuvo.n'o nuud to bo alanncd," ' . ' Bortha liasteiied into tho lmll. . i Percy OvbrbootVinot'jKor; nt tho door, and they wont into'; tho/'diniiig-ruom ; to gether. O "'"f ' : ( ' . ' 4i'Y6ur'fnther' has -been 'again sbizud .with that add' fauoy,'H Percy 'hastens to tell hetV' : 44 He bulievos that ; while seated iujhts;ofllco tliis availing, Clogs toun threatened hiiu. " ; Pania-striakon, lie ! os- cnpod lfro'ni this, , phantom, . or reality, down' liia private, staircase leading to the whaH.1! Horo, /groping 'jiis1 Way to tho bnrgos,iho dropped ititq a bout, ami, sot- ing; it 'adrift,'; wont -oiib-'with tho tide. Duokot nndil— to cut-along story short- overtook thoiboatj'ttnd— ' 1 ;<>. . - I , . At thtBmpment Mr. Lintool; slowly im- torbd tho room, leaning on Ducket's arm. His .clothes worow'ot iniid bespattered with mud. - Sooing hiSjdabghtyr, he-step pod townrd her, butlosihg strength, sank into a oliair. , ; Bertha ran- to his' side .aud be-4 >vor him. : ; v -hn-i 1 - v : ,.44Aro .youdiurt, I father,?" tj j 1 ' . ,.44 Npllmy.ldonrr only oxhuuBipd.t . !oroy and pur old ' friend, Djickot," ( said, ho, lqokiug'up gratofuUy.iuto,, tjieiivfncea, 44havoanvod my lifo."r, i i: Tho whurf-oyvnor's uiorvosrworo badly Bhnkou.V<llut,a foWi.duys' rest, .under his daughter's .;'iliuughtful i supervision, . ro- stored him teheulth. i ,.t Ologatoun's- fucq s novor, hnuiitod Mr. Lmtock ngnim; for uu. tho duy uftur this occurrence, tho, ihanAyns, found , fit ; tho wiirohouBo 'amorig sbino1' biiys - of . sou- dnmnged hom'p-sood, breathing his last ; nnd ns a small 'phial was disoo'vered at his Bido containing -traooB of.'n narcotio, jfc was oonjootured.llmtiho . lmd poured this drug into Ducket's . tin can, and hud himsolf swallowed tho rest with a strong reaolvo to bring his wretohed existonco to an ond. t , . , . , For some timo Mr. >Lintook avoided tho subjeot of his flight from tho odiouniid from tho. fnoo. It j, appeared, however, that at tho inomont whon Ologstoun forced his way -into tho room, tho wharf- ownor rotreated through , tho. private door. This door ho locked bohind liiin, in ordor to out qff pursuit ; and thus separated from tho Thamo's-atroet oxlt by Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintock mado his escapo by water. ' ' . . " In after days', whon liortlm lind bceomo Ovorbeck's wife, thoy ofton dwelt on that midnight affair at Wytlired's whnrf | and it transpired how Poroy, frequently 'Oft tho watch for Clogstoun, hnvin. learnt something of his haunts a«nd habits, lmd reason to supposo that lie .liud found a moans of getting into tho.. wharohouso. For this ronson iio had appointed that mooting with' Ducket, ' though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strango turn as thoy had done. As manhood aud womanhood open up, discrimination is neocecory. botwoon what ought to bo remembered and wbat it wero bottor to forgot. Ooo good general rale which holds through life is to forget- os speedily as possiblo tho evil which we soo around as and oven within ue ; for ovil, liko a plant, thrives in tho light and withers in the darkness. Brought into open view, talked abont, thought about, and stored In romombraneo, its tendency is to raprodnoo itself. Coupmmenth, which wo think aro do- served, wo aooept only as dobts, with in- difference ; but those whose conscience informs as wo do not morit, wo reaelvo with the same gratitude that wo do favors eiven away. 