THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. CARNOT AT LYONS. Not by the Prussian shell, whose detonation Made the proud empire quake— Not in the last mad struggle of the nation But—for his country's sake Not in the years when death marched at his shoulder, Yet hourly passed him by, But suddenly, ere yet life's pulse grow colder, It was his lot to die. The bright flags waved, the cheering crowds acclaimed him, He bowed his stately head, And little recked that death already named him As one already dead. That this strong body, full of life's resistance, In a few moments must Solve the great problem that we call existence— The key—a dagger thrust. Strong in a life of stainless moral beauty, The nation's chosen guide, He trod the straight and narrow path of duty, And, nobly living, died. Honour the dead, no fairer name nor purer The world has looked upon, France gains one hero more, yet rests the poorer By one more great man gone. We all rejoice in the auspicious event which renders the succession to the Crown of England secure to the third generation. We take the liveliest interest in the welfare of the little newcomer, but however unbounded may be our satisfaction we are all of us content to allow the Premier to be our mouthpiece in expressing our congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of York. All of us, did I say? No, there is at any rate one ex- ception. Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon is not the sort of man to allow his official feelings of gratification to be sent to London as an unrecognisable and unidentifiable frac- tion of a mere Government cable message, drawn up, in all probability, in the icily regular diction or the splendidly dull phraseology of the Parliamentary draughts- man or the Clerk of Parliaments. Mr. Fitzgibbon's congratulations on an occa- sion like this must be sent by an operator with Dr. Johnson's dictionary at his fingers' ends, and the key of a specially sensitive instrument responsive to his thumb. Nothing comes amiss to the genius of the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works. His eloquence bubbles up with all the brilliancy and sparkle of the Yan Yean from those defective plugs at Footscray, and overflows into a cable message with the fieryj energy of well regulated drainage empty- ing itself into a carrier. "Just look at this cable, Ripon, and tell me what you make out of it," I think I can hear the Duke of York saying to the Secretary of State for the Colonies as he extracts an unusually bulky message from his breast pocket and hands it to the expectant Minister. Even the sagacity of Lord Ripon is at fault, for the signature to the message has been mutilated, and it is impossible to have it repeated, as the weighty words in the last sentence broke the submarine cable at Banjoewangie. To ring up Mr. Gillies and obtain his opinion is the work of a moment, but Mr. Gillies has been drinking Australian perry with the Prince of Wales at Cambridge, and eating dessert raisins grown at Mildura with such patriotic fervour that he is really not quite up to "dick." At last he arrives, a trifle pale it is true, but, banishing his physical weakness by an effort of sheer will power, he grasps the message and hurriedly scans the first sentence. "Hum, 'May it please your Royal Highness, as chairman of the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works, a corporation as distinguished for its loyalty as for its recognition of the evils of the double-pan system, I respectfully entreat your Royal Highness to accept my con- gratulations upon the'——why, I declare it's dear old Fitzgibbon again." The face of the Duke of York wears a peculiarly complicated expression, for the smile of conscious pride natural to a happy father is clouded by an inability to remember who this Fitzgibbon can be. Wilhelm in Berlin, Alexander at St. Petersburg and Humbert in Rome he knows, and can understand why they should send him felicitations—but Fitz- gibbon? Who is he, and why should he use such horribly long words? Mr Gillies is lost in thought for a moment, and then, in obedience to the Royal request, he says:—"Fitzgibbon, C.M.G., is a great sanitary expert, a sort of beatified plumber, don't you know. He probably intended to hint that the three letters at the end of his name felt lonely without a K at the head of them." People up at Mildura have got tired of being obliged to consult a medical man every time they want a whisky and water, and now they desire to be placed on the same footing as their more fortunate fellow- creatures in other parts of Victoria, who are allowed to undermine their systems in peace and as often as they desire to do so, without legislative interference. The fruit- growing settlement gets what it wants piece- meal, and now that the cultivators have succeeded after many struggles in getting their water, it is only natural that they should make a vigorous effort to secure a constant and regular supply of something to put in it. Of course the Mildura ladies, who exhibit a little pardonable annoyance at the prospect before them, have set themselves in opposition to the new movement. Some ladies never get used to their husbands going to bed with their boots on and drinking all the water in the wash-jug in the morning. Still the seven leading residents of Mildura who have been appointed to draw up the petition to Parliament praying for licensed houses to be established have a terrific struggle before them. The Salvation Army and the Women's Christian Temperance Union are against them to a man—or rather, to a woman—and if they only knew it the ladies have the means of victory within their grasp. Let them strike—as a sex. The idea is not altogether novel, and I cannot lay claim to originality in putting it forward. In fact, I fancy that such a step has already been suggested by an American writer as a weapon which ladies might use to advantage in enforcing their views upon political and social subjects. Of course the strike, to be successful, must embrace every member of the sex. The wives and sweet- hearts, the other people's daughters, the dashing young aunts and the pretty little cousins, the girls from the factories and the young ladies from the tobacconists' shops and drapery establishments, would all have to join in the movement to bring those seven leading residents, and the other male crea- tures behind them, to their senses. By with- drawing altogether from Mildura in a solid phalanx of determined femininity, leaving behind them not so much as a single chiffon, they could combine a visit to Melbourne in time for the winter bargains with the know- ledge that their oppressors on the Murray must soon come to terms. A man may have the courage of a lion, coupled with the phlegmatic disposition of a rhinoceros but he won't hold out long when once his shirt buttons have gone and when he is forced to cook for himself and has been deprived of all home comforts. The managers of such a strike would have only one thing to fear—the existence of traitors in their ranks; and it must be admitted at once that the danger would be an ever present one. It would be so easy to bring the struggle to an abrupt conclusion. The end would come at once with the desertion of the merest hand- ful of pretty, pouting, blue-eyed little blackl— no, I cannot use such an op- probrious term in this connection—let me say non-unionists. The community owes its thanks to the Rev. M. Morris, Baptist minister at Tam- worth, for a new idea. Mr. Morris has offered his pulpit next Sunday to Sir George Dibbs, and the Premier of Nee South Wales has promptly accepted the chance, and is announced to preach on the subject of Pro- tection. We look forward with a certain amount of anxiety to next Monday's papers, not because we have any doubt of Sir George saying something highly original, but simply to see how the reporters grapple with the new problem presented for their solution. As a rule they can do most things—indeed the man who could not in one day and with equal ease polish off a hanging, a strike, a special article on cheap meat for the people, another special on bimetallism, a turn or two in Parliament, a fancy dress ball, and a revivalist meeting would be hardly worth his salt. But the Dibbs-Morris variety show is an entirely new attraction, and needs special treatment. Perhaps after all the orthodox style is the best. "The right hon. gentleman preached from the gospel according to Trenwith, chap- iv., v997—Protection Cheapens Prices. First, what was protection? Was it free trade? No, it was entirely opposed in principle to all such damnable heresies. Protection was purely religious in character because it was entirely based on faith. When inspired men said, "Shut your eyes and open your mouth, and swallow this," the believing protectionist did even as he was told. Protection cheapened prices, because by first keeping out the in- ferior imported article, produced by pauper labour, it enabled the local manufacturers to compete with each other until prices reached their minimum. It was true that the work- men would get less wages, but then the pur- chasing power of their earnings would be increased. In conclusion, the right hon. gentleman urged upon his hearers the necessity of adhering closely to the prin- ciples which he had laid down. It was true that they might be sorely chastened, that they might have to endure want, penury, absolute starvation; but those who died in the good cause would be ranked in the glorious roll of martyrs, and the sur- vivors would enjoy the ineffable happi- ness of seeing the legislation of the country administered by a strong and stable Government. A collection was after-- wards taken up for the benefit of decayed protectionists, and the service concluded with the benediction, 'Chicago.' " Doubtless the idea thus happily inaugu- rated will soon take root in Victoria and in a week or so we shall see under the heading of "Churches," some such announcements as these:—St. Rubicon's, Footscray — Preacher, Mr. J. Murray, M.L.A., on "The Totalisator Bill"; all seats free. Little Parkins-street, Ebenezer, 8 p.m.—Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon on "Underground Sewerage as Applied to Recent Biblical Criticism." Taber- nacle of Believers—Mr. Shiels, M.L.A., at 11.30, subject, "Theological Anecdotes;" collection in aid of the fund for rheumatic washerwomen. Friends of Philosophy— Sunday evening, Mr. G. Downes Carter on "The Law of Moses in Connection with Cheap Money;" and Bullins-street Bethesda —Mr. Walter Bentley will preach this even- on "The Prevalence of Cheap Advertising in the Profession." The United Labour party spent three hours and a half on their opening night in discussing what the title of the new political avalanche should be. There were, it seems only forty speakers, so that the oratory was decidedly moderate, and though the dis- cussion at times reached a healthy heat there was no occasion for Mr. Trenwith as amicus curiæ, to take off his coat, carefully deposit his spectacles with a personal friend, and throw the nearest political dissentient into the passage. At midnight the hour when churchyards yawn and the newspaper offices give up their latest corps of mackin- toshed ghosts, the members of the United Labour party came trooping downstairs, breathing a fine flavour of mingled onions and secrecy. No one whispered a word, so the means by which the information reached the newspapers must needs be referred to the Society for Psychical Research for in- quiry. But when they saw themselves styled the United Labour party deep grief fell upon the assemblage. "Here," said one delegate, "we ain't the United Labour party — we haven't agreed on the name yet." "Why do you call us the Labour party?" mourned another; "we're liberal associations we are, not trades organisations." Finally came the third grievance. "Party, what do you mean by 'party.' We're a conference." Let us hasten to do justice to these afflicted souls. They are not united. They do not represent labour. They are not a party. Perish the title "United Labour party." Let us call it for the nonce the "Disunited anti-Labour Picnic." 