Andrews, The Anarchist. AN OUTLINE OF HIS OABEEB. The recent sensational outrage perpetrated in Paris, by which the life of President Oarnot WSB taken in a cowardly manner, has awakened the publio to the faot that the anarchists are a body, who, although they may be considered as fanatics, will play no little pait in the future history of tbe world unless the police authorities step in and put an end to their diabolical plots and concoctions. And latterly we have bad an anarchist sensation of our own. J. A. Andrews and some other leading spirits of tbe anarohist cause in New South Wales, were last week each sentenced to three months imprisonment for a direct breach of the Printing Act, whioh provideB that printers' and publishers' nameB shall be affixed to eny literary production. AndrewB brought out a "handbook of anarchy," and defied the law, with tbe result mentioned. The book was a bloodthirsty pro duotion. On ths front page was a roughly designed wood- block of a man hanging from a beam, and under the author'e name waa a significant but rough diagram of a bomb. The book itaelf waa replete with bloodthirsty proposals. It propounded boldly the idiotio and illegal desires ef the anarohists, and " recognised neither God nor law nor property." Andrews, who had a certain amount of literary ability about him, was at one time employed in the lands department in Victoria. There it WSB tbat he became impressed with the beguiling doctrines of tbe anarchist, who does not believe in working or allowing anyone to work. He then mixed himself up in country politics, and the country got a trifle too warm for him, so be " humped his bluey " over to this colony. On the wsy over he called at nearly every printing office and sought work, but bis appearance was not calculated to inspire confidence, and be was not very suooessful. At laBt be arrived at Bookwood and was given employment on a newssheet at one time published there. He remained in Bookwood about 18 months, and is well known to most of the inhabitants of that town. Hs was a curious mortal altogether, and : ; Although one felt a certain amount of loathingat seeing him, still at times be excited pity. He is nearly 6ft in height and his appearance was anything but prepossesBing. He usually wore a slouoh hat and bis faoe was covered with a growth of fiery red hair, while he always had a habit of averting his face when anyone looked at htm. Nearly always, day or night, he wore a long overcoat wlnoh won for him the nick-name of " The shroud " and he was christened by some " The ghost." He was opposed to any exertion and it was only on very rare occasions that he troubled to waBh himssltor wear a shirt. All his spare time he used in cutting pamphlets out of wood blooks and distributing them about in the hopes that he would gain converts to the movement. He wss not very saccessful at Bookwood, although it is rumored that there are one or two half-hearted Anarshists in thBt. town at ths present time. When Andrews left Bookwood he worked for a while in Sydney and every Sunday his familiar face was seen in t}>e domain whsse he dished out the anarohist doctrines. He then left for Mndgee and after working a few months there he grew dissatisfied and again went to 8ydney ana commeseed to boom the. anarchist conss in real earnest. Happily the police stepped in and it. a to be hoped, that they will prevent his corrupting the disoontented crowd around Sydney when he is again, set at liberty. SOCIAL AT THS MASONIC.—On Thursday evening Mies Cutler and Mr. W. H. Edwards held a social st ths Maionia Hall, Parramatta. Ths attendance, owing to counter attractions, was not very large, only abont a dosen couples taking' part: Dancing waa kept up till 1 o'clock under the supsrvision of mi. A. Holiday and the music waa supplied by Mist Cutler and Mr. W. H. Edwards, 