SOME ACCOUNT OF THE SOLO- MON ISLANDS. Bt One Who Has Been There. J No. III. The next large island, Guadaleanar, is a day's sail or so irom Mala to the south-west. It is also densely wooded, and some of its peaks are said to be 8000 feet or so high. It is about 120 miles long by 30 broad ; land fertile, tho natives larger and stronger than the Main folk. They speak a different dialect in a half yell, and uro handsome clubs plaited with yellow grass. I did not set many bows and Arrows, but every man carried spears. When fighting the warriors use a circular disc, the size of a small plate, inado from the clam shell, fastened to tho forehead. It has an ornament mado of tortoise shell, liko a wheel of a clock, on its face. This island has a large population, dusky, but not so treacherous as the Mala people. On the west sido there are few harbors after one pnsses Wanderor's Bay, so called from Mr. Boyd of the yacht Wanderer being killed there years ago. These people seem dominated by the Savo natives. Now Savo is very small, scarcely 20 tnilos round, yet it beArs the same relation ship to the Solomons as England does, or rather did, to the rest of Europe. The Savoans aro the best canoe builders and sailors in the group. These South Sea vikings onrry fire and sword to all tho islands round them in their groat war canoes. They disdain to buy their brown " lidyo lovoii" afUr the usual island rr.nnr.er, but take them with the strong hand, Roman Sabine faohion. Moat of them speak broken English, and have Sniders and breeohloading rifles, and for insolence and sauoiness carry off the palm from the whole of the islands. Their canoes are very large, often 60 or 70 feet long and .8. or 10 feet wide. They are boauti- fully modelled, and there Aro one, two, three, four, fivQi-and so on up to 100 or 150 man oanocs ; that is they will carry that number of men, and in this way the natives estimate their size. They are made out of planks cut out of the solid wood, each plank having three or four projections on tho inner side for holes, so as to allow knees to be lashed on. The planks are lashed to each othor strongly, and the lines fore and aft being very fine, the bows are gracefully carried up 3 or 4 feet above the rest of the canoe, and often end with tho bond of a sea bird carrying a fish in its bill. Circular knees are lashed to the projections in tbo planks, and the whole of the joiningsarecovored inside nnd out with n sort of cement mnde from the ground kernel of a nut the size of an apple of a tree called "muki." In a day or so it hardens like plaster of paris. Pearl shell cut in squares, diamonds and circles is inlnid in this putty, and the war ship gleams in " barbaric pearl." No saIU or outriggers are used, only paddles. The bcBt whale boats cannot overtake these canoes — at least for a short distance — and tho natives face the heaviest seas, and make voyages of over 200 miles. There is a curious bird found on all the islands of the group, but here at Savo it is very plentiful. It is about the size of a common hen. These birds lay in tho sand great quantities of eggs, simply scratching a hole and laying all together, then covering their eggs with sand to six inohos or so, when they are hatched by the sun's heat alone. The egg is of a brown color, a little larger than that of a duck. They are admirable eating. A stick of Barrett's twist tobacco (the only sort cared . for in the group) for 10 is the usual P$ce.1 Here at Savo these birds are in a semi-domesti cated state, to be seen all around the houses, and the sandy tracts where they lay are divided out among every householder, and, although the islanders are great thieves, the household egg paddock in never interfered with. Between Guadaleanar and St. Christoval one comes to the smaller islands of Florida, called "Engala" by the nativos. These arc most thievish, treacherous and insolent. Some few aro Christian, and at Boli, the principal town, there is a mission station under the auspices of the Church of England. I am glad to say that this mission manages to retain tbo respect and esteem of both whiteB and natives, which is saying a good deal as far as missionaries go in the South Seas, I can toll you. It was close to this island of Florida that Lieutenant Bower, of the Sandfly, was diabolically murdered some years ago at a small islet called Nnngu, i.e., sand. On one occasion we bad to anchor at this island of Nungu. It has a fine anchorage and Is unin habited, but used by the natives for fishing visits. With our guns wo strolled into another little bay out of sight of tho ship, and camo suddenly on about 20 Florida men at supper. Clubs nnd tomahawks were grasped and spears handled on one side, revolver enso pulled round to hip and opened, and the breechloader brought to the ready on the other. Had onlliikn of fear been shown oar hours were numbftWd. We knew that, and their conversation began strictly In tho potential mood. "What you want ? Very good. You go quick ; this fellow placo altogether belong to man Engala. Suppose you no go, we fight." Answer — "Suppose you wnnt him fight, very good; I sing out along ole fellow boy — plenty he stop; big fellow ship he slcop i.e., anohor). On hearing this they became a little more civil, and we shortly retired with due precaution, i.e.t through the scrub, and facing them. On re turning on board we told our old sea dog of a captain, and he sworo by all his gode that, fight or no fight, he would havo firewood, as he had none on board. So before daylight next morning both boats were fully manned (we had nativos from other islands on board) and armed. We pullod sllontly ashore, and stealing through the bush quietly sur rounded our friends of the previous night. Nothing could exceed the contrast in their behavior when they found themselves at a dis advantage. " Oh, yes, take as much wood ns we liked," 4c., — they would help. But our captain was an old lmnd, and know who he was doaling with So these insolents were told to get into their oanoes At onco and clear out ; they wont with out a word, and we out our wood in peace, but not before the wholo island had boen searched. The ncgleot of such precautions brings death swift and speedy and horrible in theic sunny South Seas. Had the lieu tenant known the people And faced them nnd bouncod them, he would have saved himself ; no natives will fact an armed and deter mined (salute— even one. This is a rule. We hod another bout with these Florida folk before wo left' the group. Wc wero between Mala arid Guadaleanar, fully 20 miles from land. It had been one of these hot calms so frequent in the Solomons all day. It was about II p.m., the night was pitch dark, the sails flapped to and fro, and the vessel only rose and fell slowly on the long ocean swell. The crow had been towing all day, and wore tired, and the watch, all but one, had been sent below. One of the boats lay alongside yet. We had just turned in on deok, with our friendly 16-ahooter alongside — a good old South Sea habit this — when our special native boy crawled aft and quietly woke us, saying he had hoard canoes astern. To wake the captain and for both to slip behind the wheel was the work of a minute, but we could hear nothing. Aftor half an hour or so we thought we could distinguish the occasional stroke of a paddlo, so the boat along side was silently manned, her crew lying down, the two 4-pouoders primed, and all hands called and armed, and so we waited. After a time we could just see the shadows of four large canoes looming through the dark like some great seablrda. We could hear no paddles now. They came on ns silently as ghosts. Then for a long time tli'ey waited. Asalior lay by each loaded 4-pounder. At last they swept up to board, two on each side, and off went one of the guns right over them, and we yelled to them to come on ; but no, they saw we were ready, aud ns fast as 50 paddles could drive eAch canoe they shot into tho dark ness. We followed in the boat with a coolness bred of long impunity from punishment. They halted, and then began tho palaver " Wbera cance como?" "Wo man Engela' going to fight' man Mala." And tben burst out our captain in a rage "Suppose yon come along ship again I blow you all away along big gun." But . their ouly .answer was a defiant yell, aud starting their wild war obant they paddled away, keeping time to their song, into the blackness of the night. Had we been unprepared we should have slept our la&t; sleep on earth that night, and the papers would have had "Mysterious disappearance of another vessel in the Solo mons." The last island to bo described Is Isobol. or Engau. I believe it ie annexed by England also, but nm not quite sure. It is a fow miles only north-west of Mala. It is about 125 miles long by 25 across. It appears less fertile than the other islands ; its natives are timid, talk lesB pigeon English and are less acoustomcd to whites than the nativos of Mala or Pottra ; they wear littlo or no clothing. Many of the sea coast villages are built on groves of trees, some 20 or 25 foot from the ground, on platforms ; and one gbts to tho housos by ladders of cane, whioh can bo drawn up at will. The pigs, fowls and littlo ones are all tied on each platform. Groat heaps of atones stand on each, and no one is nllowod up the ladder unless he brings a stone. These are used to hurl on the foo In case of attabk. The reason these folk lived thus, they explained to us, is that they are continually being attacked by tho natives of Rubiana, lying to the north, who oome down on head hunting expedition. In their aerial villages they make bridges from houBe plat form to honse platform, similar to tbo ladders, but wo whites found it almost impossible to get from houso to house, while the lads ran about the village with tho utmost frocdoin. Many of the prinoipal men wear wigs here of human hair whitened with lime, said to be tho outward emblom of a Bccrot sooioty very similar to our masons. Ebony and pntin wood are got bore. The natives do not much liko you to land. They use very fine shield:;, plsitcd very strcr.gly with enne. .Armu are simitar to those of Mais, but use the spear more. St. George's Island, about 15 miles long, is on the south coast, and uninhabited, so is Buraqoi or Murray Island, mountainous and full of pigs. The eocoanut crab is plentiful. These islands would suit the Now Australians. As Bon Goultier, the inimitable, says— Tliero. methfnks, would be enjoyment, Whore no onvious rulo prevoiitS"; 1 Sinkithe stoamboat, cuss the railways/ Rot, oh, rot, tho 3 per cont3. There the passions, cramped no longer, Shall have space tp breathe, my cousin ; I will wed some savnge woman- Nay, I'll wed at least a dozen. Thero I'll rear my young mulattoes Aa no " Tooruk" brats aro rearod ; Tlioy shall dive for alligators, Catch tho wild goats by tho beard. "Wo saw much b6ohede-mer on this coast. One afternoon, having sailed in tho boat all day, we camo to a small shed close to a clump of green nnd graceful oocoanut trees, not far from the beaeh. The day had been very sultry, and we proposod to have our afternoon snaok under their grateful shade. No one was about, so theboatwas groundedonthebcach, and everyone, black and white, armed with Snider, Martini or "Winchester, toiled up through the hot, blaok sand towards the little grove. As he passed one of our black boat's crew looked into tho deserted hut. A wild Solomon war cry brought us all to his sido, and there in one corner lay a heap of fresh human bones; dried blood and brains were scattered ou sido post and roof tree of this gol- gobhn, fire mark and tooth mark were on the bones of men, women nnd littlo children as they lay pilod together. "We stood on the dried grass of their denth bed. They had doubtless been asleep when surprised. On the other side of tho hut was a hole half filled with drying and rotting blood. Ugh ! The demons had bled their vlotirns oithcr before or directly after death. Great blowflies buzzed lazily round. The faces of our black orew wore green with fright ; blaoka turn groen instead of palo as we do. With common consent each of ns turned, and, handling our weapons, we were on board aud under sail again in no time. Somehow we had ho dinner that day— no one asked for it. It is a curious faot that the human parasite, pcdiculi, to give tho pctentifie term, whioh in fests the South Sea native, will not live on the white, nnd vice versa. Is not this a most pecu liar fact, not to sAy suggestive ? How is it ex plainable if we all como from Adam and his wife? Now, what I am going to aay will bo deemed rank herosy by the scientific I know, but to tho common observer it soems forcibly borno in on one that in remote ages there muBb have boen a land connection between Solomons and New Guinea and New Holland. Cockatoos and crocodiles aro common to tho three, and not the New Hebrides; also iguanas and sleeping lizards, to all appearance the samo ns the Australian species, are found, and also the common black and white wagtail, a bird that does not fly far usually. Again, in many of the temples one tees very good models of tbo emu, or cassowary, and kangAroo hung up near tho idols. At first we thought return laborers from Queensland had cut them out, although thoy soemed very old, but were assured they wore handed down cut thhs from their fore fathers before any laborers had left ; now whero, may it be pertinently asked, did these old carvers get their ideas ; why, from the living birds and animals one would imagine ; methinks this must be deemed pretty conclusive. One day I was shooting near a town whoso oliief and people I knew well. A iittle girl about 8 years ran up, and held me by the belt, and talked away at a great rate ; she was a bush little thing, nnd ono could not understand her lingo (the bush tribes generally speak a different dialect from the beach). However, suddenly she threw herself on the sand at my feet; and managed to get my foot on her neck before I was woll aware of it. One' knows what this moans well auough. In hot war it means that if tho chief allows his foot to rest on the defeated one's nock the man's life is safe, but he is a sIavq for ever, rescue or no rescue. I was puzzled at the child's action, 'twas soon explained ; shortly afterwards down came a lot of the villagers, and insisted on taking tho youngstor. I told what n!io had done, thoy said they did not care, her mother was cooking in the town and the child should go to the oven with her. Never I said ; what, we who had eaten hotel nut together many times to quarrel for a mere child, to whom I had granted lifo in their own way? I swore they should kill me firBt. They replied that that was an easy thing to do. A bold front was tho only thing now. Luckily, I had iny 16-shooter. Springing back, nnd put- tiug a mark on the sand with tho foot, I swore I would shoot the first man who crossed it. I said before natives do not care to face an armed white in the open. They kuewj could answer for 16 or so of them, although clubs were up and bows bent. They hesitated for five minutes ; then one proposed that I should buy the ohild fairly ; they cared not to fight a friend. . To this I at once agreed, and a row was thus avoided ; a mission axe, worth 10d., made mo a slave owner — tell it not in Garth. For a week she followed me everywhere like a dog. At last I paid a friendly chief half a dozen flasks of powder to look after the littlo one for mc, and she howled like a demon1 at parting. I have n'over seen my littlo ulava, lassie again— al&B; and alack a day ! Tho Solomon nAtivua liavo n queer mode of treating their lads. A boy on coming to the age of puberty is placed in the temple, whore he lives for 12 or 18 months, or at least until, ac cording to tho lad's rank, he has drunk the life blood of some 10 to 20 large fish, I think bonitos. During this confinement no woman must see the lad, so ho does not leave the tabu houso except at night, his cooked food being left outside for him. AVhon the proper number of fish aro caught a great foast ("bea") is given, pigs, and perhaps a man, killed, and the boy becomes a inan and a warrior, and is on the look out to kill some one, so that ho may bo entitled to wear tho special ornament allowed to those who have murdered a ohild even— a sort of Vic torian cross, you see. Circumcision is not prao- tiRcd as in many of the other gfoups. The natives have a most ingenious wsy of fishing with a kite. The fishing line is fastened where the tail ought to be. A common line holding the flying kite is fastened to tbo canoe, whioh is paddled against the wind ; a thin horizontal line is fastened to the fiihing one a little above the native hook, mado from pearl shell, no bait being used, and it looks not unlike a small flying fish hopping from wave to wave. Tho catch is brought to band by the horizontal line, and altogether the whole thing is moat original and successful. The principal trade of the group is copra, i.e., tho sun dried kernel of the oocoanut, mostly exported to the Continent, and used for making fine toilet soaps, oil, 4c., and the bye produot for cattle food, ginger, vegetable, ivory, i.e., the nut of the Sago palm, and used for making ladies' buttons, 4c., pearl shell, 'tortoise shell, beeho-de-mor, ebony, satin wood and dugong oil. A few white traders live on the different islands ; many are killed from time to time, and generally no notice is taken, and no punishments follow (except, indeed, when trading for Fronch houses, who look aftor their people and employes, and a French man-of- war sees to every case). No white plantations exist, the danger to hiunan life and fever and ague prevent planting operations. I could tell more, how onC of our number was actually kidnapped for three days, and escaped only by the skin of his teeth ; how another ono went as a' hostage, but that is auobher story, as Rudyard Kipling has it— and this article is already too long. 