HE DISAPPEARANCE OP MR._DERWEN$. A MYSTERY. CHAPTER XII. OWXN'S 1EB3TAEE. By THOMAS COBS, "T 1 ; 8 Hou.e by 1fc*Gomta<»," Wedderbnma Will," The Wesllopes," &c.;, &o.; "Floy,"ui Arnold, after Dr. Viretfa visit to Ann on Wednesday morning, " let's go to a look M Aunt Alice's grave." Pleased with the suggestion, Florence wanted, and a little after noon they sat forth. In a aim ill wicker basket she carried a few Lent lilies, removed from her own garden roots, and on the tap of them % teoweL On the way to tns cburobyard she pointed out Colonal Askew's house. "Yaia remember that is where the burglary was committed," she said. " Yee," he answered; and, what is mora, Undo Roderiok came this way." " Sow. positively you speak!" " X am as certain as if I had seen him, Floy. He left the -house and took this road, and went in by the lych-gete, just as we are going to do. if. he did not want to visit the grave, what did he want ?" A few minutes later they were standing at its foot. There, bensahti the yew-tree, which for oenturies had stood in the same plaoe, whilst history was sinking and Florence's ancestors were, bran and lived their brief spans and died, was the headstone, covered with, the • names of previous Derventc. The spot ™ completely hidden from passers-by in the >oad, and Florence could go down on her knees to plant the Lent lilies in the oblcmg patch of mould, at present filled only with small evergreen shrubs, without the slightest few of being seen. "Poor mother!" %fce murmured, glancing up at Arnold. "How sweet she was! To you, who oaw her only in perfeot health, it most seem impossible to realize that she is gone." "I beg pardon, FlcO'." he said. aeouEing himself from a fit of abstraction. " 1 was thinking of uncle. Ifs certain he-came here; I'll swear to that. Now the question is, what happened nest?* She bent over the daffodils, and Arnold thrust his hands in his pveketa, sad strolled away to the lyoh-gate, whistling under his breath. As they drew near Forest Pronpeoton the nr home, Owen oame fort " Is that the Johns} f at iked Arnold. "ThatisMr. Fairford.'- "You may as well infcrodpoe me. She stopped and did as he requested, unable to refrain mini comparisons between the two men. Owen stood a head Waller titan her oousin, but was not quite so e. raot. He looked ignite listless this morning as hieanqoired After "She's worse," answered Arnold, for her. "Anawful bore. It turns the h<m|e into a hospital. For my part I've bait about enough of hospitals. By-the-by, Mr. Fairford, you might give us a look in. Ooioe to dinner. Wbab tune, Floy But Owen declined to oosut to dinner, whilst expressing his pleasure to join them later. At about 9 o'clock," he said. "'As I used to do, Miss Dei-went." On his arrival he found Arnold .thioe is tm drawing-room, Florence having geaks upstairs to the Bode woman. •"Miss Derwent did not expept you home to soon," he said when Angola tunic him sit) down, but the next minute he was rising to greet Eloreooe. "No," Arnold answered. "ItJs lucky I. sailed when I did. Old Edwawte's letter might never have readied me, wtd I very seldom looked at a paper. Therels been too much time lost already. It may prove a long job." " A long job—I beg your psi€(op»" «aid O rwen, looking quite at a Ipsa. '' To prove my ancle's death, youjfcnow." Arnold Derweni was one of t)tat. kind of persons who cannpt in any ayreumfjbancea keep their own counseL . Nothing was more foreign to his nature than reticence, and he would diflPWS hfeWwt intonate private affaiipwith a stranger. 1 His ^oughts leaJced oot of him, .IMIWBIMI t,{ i* LI »E gquiaaHy, L%a the COA- .tenteof a defective cistern, at others gushing forth as iftbe main had biarat ,, 1 < ( Too see," he 000tinned, apparently unennacumt that this plain referenoe to her Jatoprccruld be pgjninl to Fkwtaoe. "there's ta\\**lf> to help 00s. Odd. iwrb it, that a ^eepaoteble, steady-going, middle- aged gentleman i<hould be able -to disappear?-iy-thefcy," h.3 oontinned, whilst Fkacenoe gkmsed depreo^»ttt"Bly Owen, "it was quite waste of energy i 1 ® offer a thousand; hve hundred •asld h>M.ve done. Now Iwoader how Vwet Would t» base to hand that thews wr| pounds ova. - to me. Will youoonrean&mhoke;, Fairford?" " "Notjust now, thanks. •" You do m nofce. of course?" " Oh yes, but not here. Mr. Derwent objected;" . "i .bntlWi'fdead, yousee." 1 (old," onied Florenoe, provoked almost,. \- ring, " I told you. befose that it was a. Pi'ease don't speak as if yon .yknew." "SPhatodo you Ahink? Arnold demanded, /aoing Owen. If ite's not dead where the SeVfljs'he?" f'Tha same qnedLtm might be asked. m, say csafe." Owen ansa'ered quietly. " If Mr., Derwent ls dead, where is his body f : " TT'd^f", of course. But it must be hidden pretty far out of the way to eseape me. Ittn hereto find it, and dependupom.it I shaa*t loss a obknoe. ' My ooosan thinks £ shan't euoeeed because that Juggins of an inspector failed. X know their antiquated way of going to work." * '"May one.eoqmre your own method f • "ainiply to keep my eyes ops? and use oommon eense. I mean to hunt up every ens-' picious ofeAiaater in the plaoe." " Are 1&axe; any V asked Owen. I daae say yon know that I am practically a steanger about here-" " The bintrlm for some. Anyway,' 4x111* tinoed. Am oil knowingly, "I'm hen, and I have a good deal at stake. Of oourse," he added. Florence's very obvious frown, "it's » bad business for my cousin." Owenxose, and standing on the hearthrug, looked down sit Florence. "Mix Den rant," be said antting Arnold thort, " I have never had the pleasure of hsuing you sing." " I haven't tuuohed the piano since"—— Arnold had si Bated himself npon the musio- etool, and now began to sing a popular copiio eong Of the day —-rather cleverly. No sooner did. he finish than,' swinging round on the stool, he ezolsimied— ~" Of<K>urse a man who is resily bent upon suicide will walk milee." "Mr. Fairford," said Florenae, determined to change the topic at all ooete, "I have not told you of Lizzie's fright on Monday night, or rather it was Tuesday morning. She didnot leave the hi rase till past 1 o'clock." Raising her eyes to Owen's—he still stood on the. hearthrug—ehe notioed that he started slightly and gripped' one lapel of his froakooat jn each hand. He, who as a rule was perfectly .self-possessed, and at ease, suddenly seemed to beoome stiff and constrained. " Fixe away. Floy !" cried Arnold, leaving the music-stool and flinging himself into an armohair facing her. . , , • . As she continued die could not help looking at Owen again, nervously, apprehensively this time. She caitdd not oanoeive what had happened to make him uncomfortable), yet assuredly he looked ill at esea "Ann being worse that nighty" Florence Eaid, " I «ent Lizaie for Br. Viret. But when she drew near - the churchyard"—Florence observed Owen's ni^en .tighten on his ooat,' hip knsakles looked quite strained—"she saw. or thpught she saw, a tall woman in black." Glancing at her cousin, Florence saw that Owen's manner had attracted his attention also. Arnold was watching his face attentively, and every particle of colour seemed to p) out of it till even the lips appeared white. "Five away, Floy !" said Arnold a second time. "I like this ; ifa getting interesting." But he did not shift his oyes from Ow«n's face a moment. " There—there is not muob more to tell," she said, nervous from sympathy, "except that Lizzie screamed and ran home, and arrived- half wild with fear." Owen lifted his shoulders and drew a long breath. "What was the woman like?" Arnold demanded. " Dressed in black, you say." " AU except her hands. She wore a tbiok veil." "Odd to go prowling about the village at half-past 1 in the morning; don't you think so, Fairford ?" "Ibeg your pardon, what did you say?" Owen asked. Florence had never heard his voice vibrate in that way hitherto. >'Odd that a woman, tall, dressed in blaok, veiled; should be prowling abont aftsr midnight. Who can she be. Fairford?" -*« I am sure I"——- He paused, and his faoe bad oolonr enough in it now. After a moment of painful embarrassment he stepped nearer to Florence and offered bis hand. " I think I must say good night. Miss Derwent." "So soon," she faltered. But her conventional protest was nipped in the bud by his look of entreaty. Pressing her hand, he left the room without taking the least notice of Arnold. As soon as the door closed he rose excitedly. •"Fioj,"he demanded, "why didn't you tell me about this woman before ?" "Simply beoause it did not ooour to me." "Of oourse she hangs out next door." "Why should she?" Floretaoe asked quickly. "You ask that after seeing Fairford give himself away as he did. You ought to have told me, Floy; if I am to get at the truth you muan't keep back anything. Now I have something to go upon." " I don't see what." "Don'tyou? Now listen tome. Uncle Baderiok either went away of his own accord, or he killed himself, or got killed. _ A man qan't hide his own body after killing him- Ealf • another umn may hide it for him. No ate to suspeot the parson or the doctor, or any ordinary Christian. You must look for tome one oat of the common—this-woman, for instanoe. Now, who lives at Forest Prospeot?" i "Owen Fairford." i " Yes, yes, but who lives with him? "No one but the servants," she replied rejluotantly. i "You don't mean to tell me he lives jalone?" . 1 "I have never heard of any one living with !him," she said. " But" ' " Wait a moment, Floy. You saw he knew jail about the woman. No man ever gave (himself away more bsauti fully. If she jdoesn't live next door, where does she live?" She moBt baug out somewhere in Rookfield. What I want to know is, where?" ' "You know all that I do about her, Arnold," Florence answered wearily. " I don't know much yet. But he knows .everything. If she was prowling about Monday night, wby not other nightB ? Why not jthe night Unole Roderiok disappeared ? Suppose she saw him!" ; "If she did, though nothing is more unlikely" "If!—you treat it coolly, Floy. Why, it would be most important evidence; it carries his history down nearly three hours later. She could tell us for certain which way he went." "Surely," Florence urged, "if she could tell us, whoever she is, and wherever she lives, she would have done so at the first. What reason could she have for secreoy V " I dont know that," Arnold answered, " but it is the best due that has turned up Vet. Here is a woman whom no one has «ver heard of, who undoubtedly lives in the village, who is in the habit of walking about for some reason of her own in the middle of the night." "Who is known to have walked through the village one night, Arnold." "Then," he continued exoitedly, "there's this to remember. You tell your story to Fairford. You see that he knows all about her. Yet, instead of offering an explanation, he simply skedaddles. I tell you plainly I shan't be satisfied till I run her to earth." "Of course, if that is the aase," she answered, "the only honourable course is to ask Mr. Fairford for an explanation." She oould never ask bim herself, ardently as the longed to learn the truth ; but then she would never, on the other hand, take one step to find it oot. Yet it was true, as Arnold said, that Owen had betrayed himself; and Florence also felt confident that whoever it was that terrified Lizzie, Owen knew all abont her. " I'm not quite a Juggins L" cried Arnold in profound disgust. "Fight a man with his own weapons that's my game." > She made no further remark, aud soon afterwards bade her cousin good-night. Her sympathies were exclusively with Owen. In his honour her confidence was complete. She never wav«ied in her trust. That soma mystery overshadowed his life she had long felt aBBured, as now that this •woman was at the heart of it. ' Did die live at Forest Prospect as Arnold insisted? At least it seemed probable. Book- £eld was not a large village, and Florenoe having lived in it all her life oould call to mind -klmnnfi every house it oontained. If the yoKV did. pot live nut door, where, as Arnold asked, could she live? Yet if she dwelt with Owen, why had he never even feinted at her existence? The notion that she oould have even the remotest oonneotion with her father's disapjrearanoe Florence set aside as absnrd, and she -found herself wishing that Oaten might preserve his Secret againat her cousin's strenuous efforts to penetrate it. ;It was impossible to put aside a feeling of ahjbagonism to Arnold, a sense of alliance With Owen. When she fell asleep early ithe next morning, her last thought was this— t What was Owen Fairford's relation to this niysteriouB woman? Could it be that she was «a. wife? ! CHAPTER XIII. , xas AC19-DA-FE. ."I wanted a word with you, doctor," said Arnold Derwent, waylaying Dr. Viret as he came downstairs from Ann's room the following morning. "Do you mind coming into ^Wstudy ? The fact is I think I've got a " flL'm ! you haven't been long about it," ejaculated Dr. Viret, following him into the ' '"X oan say that for myself," Arnold continued, "when once I'm on the job I j precious soon knock it off. About this jsmaian Lizzie saw-in the village Monday night." i"Liszie is a fool. If that is your clue I dpnH think it will help you much." ... ^'That's where you are wrong," said Arnold (UKorenoequietly joined them. "At least t^e wench may be a fool, probably is, but that doesn't afiect her eyesight. She saw somebody right enough. You know Fairford next dnor?" "No, I don't know him," ,was the reply. Nobody knows the man. Perhaps he dneen't want to be known. Sensible !" ^'Father knew Mr. Fairford," Florence interposed, looking down at the carped Anyway, he was in here last night," eaid Arnold. "It is a fact that this woman was prowling about on Monday night. Now, why -nbt the night of the fourth of March too? And if so, a hundred to one she saw Uncle Roderiok." "And yet held her tongue about it!" exclaimed Dr. Viret incredulously. "Extremely unlikely! Women are generally ieady enough to talk. Heaven knows." • VOh, you make me tired! Of course, if you sit upon every suggestion it's no use going on. I merely state a theory ; if it won't wiwk give it up and try another; only, at least, let it have a ohanoe. You can't deny there's a good deal that's fishy. _ I'il swear the woman is connected with Fairford —most likely bis wife." . »• What do you mean ?" Dr. Viret demanded. ".What makes you say that ?" ••She must live somewhere. Fairford is supposed to have the houee next door to himself—rot ! Now, why has he never even hinted at her existence, dootor?" \- "Surely," said Florence, "Mr. Fairford may have excellent reasons for keeping his own counsel, which don't concern us." "Oh, no doubt be haB the best of reasons! Arnold retorted. "She never appeare by day legoW night bird. You oan't deny that it looks fishy, doctor." ' Dr. Viret hesitated and luoked extremely judicial for a few moments. "If there is such a person in existence," he admitted, " no doubt it does look strange. But is there? You have only this silly woman's testimony; and even if that is to be -depended upon, bow do you know that she ie connected with Fairford ?" ^'Because he gave himself away so beautifully. Unmistakable. Florence saw it too. She began to tell us about Lizzie's fright, and the man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knows just all about hefr." " Well, then, granting all that," eaid Dr. Vint, "it does not follow that she oan tell y 0p anything about Mr. Derwent. If so, of oourse she would have spoken long before now ; aud the idea of her being aotnnlly connected with the crime is absurd—she would haVe no earthly motive." Arnold thrust his hands deep in his trousers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret's face somewhat pertly. , " Have you never heard of a murder without a motive ?" he asked. "Oh, Arnold?" cried Florenoe. "You oan't think she" • • Look here, Floy, eaid Arnold. I have told you already I'm only trying to start a working theory. You've heard of homicidal mania, dootor, I suppoBe? Imagine this woman is a lunatic." ' 'i'-I should have to imagine she was kept under proper control as well, Mr. Derwent." •FShe ought 60 be — granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose she's Fairford's wife— and a luay ! In order to avoid putting her awhy he hides her. She is liable to periodical attUcks of mania. You must have come aoroes hoits of Buoh cases. This particular night— the night of Unole Roderick's disappearance —-sUiB runs mad at the wrong time." •PAbsurd! impossible!" exclaimed Dr. Viret. " j]never heard anything more ridiculous in all tnv! life, never. Such a woman would leave the} body where it lay." He glanced anxiously atliriorence's pale face as he ceased speaking. Add she, despite the improbability of his thelory, oould not prevent it from tormenting {je3~ Her poor father ! and poor Owen also ! ItHinight be true, and he ignorant; or it rht be ridiculously untrue, as Dr. Viret «,. Jwed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager manner lent the suggestion a kind of plausibility, and aavk Inspector Holt's no other theory had been ^""jNofnof not so fast," said Arnold. " Some >df {those lunies are devilish cunning If shej is not wrong in her mind how do you aoobunt for her way of living-for all this •ounded mystery? If she is not mad what is she!'" iter Dr. Viret had expressed his diBsent „ iM!h increased foroe and gone back to his laboratory Arnold still oontiuued the dislionTand though Florence prj»ently left hinfc to seek Ann ehe was oompelled to meet hint at meals, when she heard the argument rejjrted. ^ , h<j Mid after dinner that evefcing. " I am working for you quite as much Vyeelf. Come to that, I dont want to inJAre the woman or your friend Fairford either. They may both be as innocent ss lave, and that's juBt what I want to nnd out. ~ how, Arnold ? what oan you do ? "That's a matter for consideration," be replied. " I'll "have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain. I can't touch a penny of Uncle Roderiok's money till I prove his death. But I shan't stop there, Floy. This old plaoe wouldn't be habitable without you. You haven't forgotten the good old times. Xhey were good times. -I often thought of them when I was away." "At Teneriffe, Arnoid ?" " Ah!" he oried with a pleasant laugh, "one to you, that! Yon may not believe it but I often used to think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. Remember that day 1 bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke in my pocket ? The truth about me is just this, Floy—if you stick to me I can keep straight; but if you don't—well, I shall go to the dueoe headlong. I am juBt imperfect without you, aud with you" " You are perfect, Arnold?" ehe suggested with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. "At all events, I am as good as most Johnnies," he retorted. "I may not be able " to write poetry like Uncle Roderick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last season I played, and I oan fight—there, I don't want to brag; and whatever I am your word is law, and you oan twist me round your little finger, Floy." He had at least furnished her with food for reflection. Had she really so much influence over him ? and, if eo, could it be turned to a useful purpose to induce him to relinquish his idea of attempting to probe Owen's secret < For of this she felt certain — nothing could result but disaster, of what nature ehe dreaded to imagine. Her own curiosity had beoome extreme, her curiosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest Prospect was Owen's wife. About the hour when Florence retired to Ann's room for th6 night, Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the back window of his bedroom admiring the moon, lew down over the treetops. The house had bean in darkness some time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not the person in whom be felt GO deep an interest would set forth. Though he had followed her on every occasion but one, when he had seen her quit the houBe, and was not far off on the occasion of Lizzie's fright, having indeed just succeeded in hiding himself in time to avoid detection, he had never discovered any purpose in her peregrinations. She went out, usually taking the same direction, aud came home again ; and, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wiser. He stood at his window, staring at the sinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he distinguished a patch of flickering light thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite blaok. What did that light signify? Well, it seemed to point to the fact that some one was in the kitchen, apparently making up a blazing fire there. How could Joe obtain a view of this apartment he was so familiar with ? After a few minutes' reflection, he formed his plans, and, taking one or two useful implements, set forth to carry them out. At the side of the house was a window, that of the scullery, aud before it a kind of sunk area. Into this Joe desoended, bat not only was was the window- shot, its green ootton blind was drawn down. Otherwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitohen, there being a door between it and the Boullerv, which was seldom closed. But he dared not open the window lest Owen should hear. Taking a chisel from his pooket, be passed it deftly round the pane, cutting deep into the putty on three sides, and holding it in position with his extended fingers whilst he loosened the fourth. He next removed the pane of gluea, laying it carefully upon the edge of the area, and putting his chisel away, took out a razor. Whilst he preesed its keen edge againBt the blind be held bis breath. The noise of the incision might attr&ot; attention— Owen might even be looking bis way at the moment the blade penetrated. For that it was Owen in the kitohen he felt no doubt whatever. The sound of flames reached Joe's ears —what were they intended to dee troy? One out downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a flap was formed, which he lost no time in drawing back. His right eye immediately sought the hole. He oould command a few view of one half the kitchen. Watohing the flames, Owen stood, his arms folded, his face lighted by the fire, wearing an expression of loathing and disgust. After disappearing a moment be re-entered Joa's field of vision, carrying a large brown paper parcel, which he fluug into the grate, afterwards pressing it down with the tongs. Again he disappeared, this time returning with a bottle; uncorking it, he emptied the contents upon the fire, starting back alertly as the flames buret forth with renewed vigour. Owen's profile stood out distinct and olear as be eat upon one comer of the plpin deal table, his arms arms olded, his lips fitmly set, until the flames grew smaller and the shadows danced more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, and at last they grew dim, and died out altogether. Then Owei left the kitchen, and Joe quietly opaned the window and entered it. But though he lighted a candle and raked over the ashes, he oould discover nothing to afford a clue to their origin. It was an hour later when he made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, and oautiously setting his foot upon it. Perhaps Mrs. Cawdrey would imagine chat it had fallen out; at all events, with all her watchfulness, she would scarcely suspect Joe of its removal. 