LITKRATITBJS, My Lifetime. By John Hollingbhead. No. XU. It was the day, in January, 1858, on which the. Princess Royal was married. London was crowded with visitors, and at night the whole town was illuminated. The party consisted of Wilkie Collins, Mark Lemon, Mr. Wills, the Honour able Mr. Townshend, Charles Dickens, and myself. The master, dressed in a velvet smoking . coat, as part or his dress suit, received me in a very friendly manner, and made me a companion in five minutes. I noticed, as I thought then, a slight lisp, the deep lines on his face — almost furrows, and the keen twinkling glance of his eye. The room we dined in was on the upper floor. If I had taken a brick out of the south side wall then, I should have opened a communication with the Exeter Arcade, which must not be con founded with Exeter Change in the Strand where the mad elephant was shot at Cross's Menagerie about 1827. That building stood at the mouth of what is now called Burleigh-street, and the only remains of this Change is the scroll stonework and the upper part of the house next to the Lyceum Tavern, occupied now by Mr. Hall, the ' pannus- corium,' or tender-footed bootmaker. Exeter Arcade was a failure commercially, and its unlet shops became the haunt of literary tramps, who started a new journal every week, and slept under the counters over which they attempted to Bell them. If I had taken a brick out of the south side wall of Dickens's office dining-room 10 years later than the date of my first dinner with the master, I should have made a hole in the Gaiety Theatre, which had swallowed up the Arcade, and much besides. Our dinner was simple and good. We began with oysters, brought in fresh from Old ' Rule's ' in Maiden-lane, near to where Congreve lived when Voltaire visited him, and told him he came to see an author, not a coxcomb. The principal dish was a baked leg of mutton, the bone of which had been taken out and the ? space supplied with oysters and veal stuffing. I always under stood that this was an invention of Dickens, who, without being a gourmand, was fond of eating and drinking. As I was helped twice to this novel delicacy, I remembered some of : the master's descriptions of humble but savoury dishes in two or three of the Christmas hooks. He saw I was enjoying myself, and appeared to be delighted. The conversation, if not remarkable, was amusing. The Hon. Mr. Townshend was a man of title and property, and a minor poet. He was quiet and refined. Wilkie Collins discoursed pleasantly about food, and thought there was little or nothing in cookery — although he knew and understood French and Italian dishes— that could beat a well-made, well-cooked apple pudding. Mark Lemon had just come from an exhibition of horse-taming by the celebrated Mr. Rarey, in whom he was evidently an enthusiastic believer. I timidly suggested the possibility of some stupe fying drug being concealed under the palm of the tamer's left hand glove, hut was rather snubbed, at least, I thought so, for mating the suggestion — although it was a theory well known amongst circus people. Mark Lemon was a fat, cheery man, not very refined, with eyes not as keen as Dickens's, but with a Bimilar twiukle. Wilkie Collins wore glasses, and was very quiet and amiable. Theatrical matters were touched upon, and Dickeus, complaining of the star sjfiiem and the spread of scratch companies, said he almost regretted that he took a leading part in the aboli tion of the patent theatre monopoly. Dickens's principles were sound, but they were not deeply rooted, and he was swayed by every breath of feeling and sentiment. He was a Liberal by im pulse, and what the ' DryaeduBt ' school would have called a ' wobbler.' When the cloth was removed, Diukcns treated us to another of his table inventions — his cele brated ' Gin Punch.' This was another ' Christ inas Carol ' production, and I believe he was as proud of it-ashewas of 'Pickwick.' The pre parations for this drink were elaborate and osteD. tatious. The kettle was put on the fire ; lemons were carefully cut and peeled ; a jug was pro duced, and well rubbed with a napkin, inside and out ; glasses were treated in the same manner : the bottle was produced, the gin tasted and approved of, and the brew then began. The boiling water was poured in, the Bugar, carefully calculates, was added, the spirit, also carefully calculated, was poured in, the lemon was dropped on the top, the mouth of the jug was then closed by stuffing in the napkin rolled up like a ball, and then the process of perfect production was timed with a watch. Dickens's manner all this time was that of a comic conjurer, with a little of the pride of one who had made a great discovery for the benefit of humanity. It was this interest in common things — this enjoyment of life — this absence of all ajipareut kno svledjr^ of his commanding position as one of the world's greatest authors, which pave Dickens one of his . principal charms. No man, iu his : inner- . mind, felt so sure of Westminster Abbey and immortality, and no man kept that inuer mind more carefully con- . cealed. He lived above and beyond the opinion of his contemporaries, and was always a cheery companion for young and old. When the grog or punch was served out, he waited, with a wink in each eye, for the verdict, which was favourable. ' What do you think of it?' he asked, addressing me, as if he would be glad to have a new opinion for what it might be worth. . ' It is as comfort ing,' I said, ' as flannel, and I should like to ?' give it a name.' ' Certainly,' said the master. ' Fire shillings and costs,' I replied, and chanced it. The master accepted the title, but Mark Lemon did not show any anxiety to engage me for Punch, of which he was then the editor. My Charles Dickens was not the Dickens of Furnival's Icn, of Doughty-street, or of Devon shire-place — he was the Dickens of Tavistock House, Tavistock-plaee (next door to Frank Stone), and the Dickens of Gad's Hill. His great — or, at least, his greatest — works had been* pub lished for some time, and were being read in every corner of the world where the English language had penetrated. Those two great monuments of genius, 'Birnaby Radge' and 'The Old Curiosity Shop.' stood before all men, and were seized and mutilated by the piratical hacks who called themselves dramatic authors — the Fa gins and Artfal Dodgers of the theatres, who were .protected then, as they are now, by the infamous laws »of their country. Dickens made' statutory declarations at Bow-street as to his intention of dramatising his own works in his own way, and for his own profit, but he might as well have squirted 'against the Falls of Niagara. His works were in the Field -lane melt ing pot, or the 'Thieves' Kitchen,' known as the office of the Dramatic Authors' Society, while the great author was niaJring a fool of himself, and Sir Thomas Henry, the presiding chief magistrate, was allowing him to do so. When Dickens lived in Tavistock House he cte ? veloped a mania for walking long distances, which almost assumed the form of a disease. He suffered from lumbago, and I have always thought that this was brought on by monotonous pedestrianism — the de termination to do a certain distance every day, generally from 2 in the afternoon till 7 in the evening, one mile every quarter-of-au-hour, measured by the milestones. He did his literary work mostly in the morning, from 9 till about 2, and usually wrote his letters at night. When he was restless, his brain excited by struggling with incidents or characters in the novel he was writing, he would frequently get up and walk through the night over Waterloo Bridge, along the London, New Kent and Old Kent roads, past all the towns on the old Dover High-road, until he came to his roadside dwelling. His. dogs barked when they heard his key in the wicket gate, and his behaviour must lave seemed mad ness to the ghost of Sir John Falstaff . Once, in these early morning excursions, he went into a roadside inn near his house for some refreshment, and tendered a half-crown for pay ment, which had become greasy-looking and suspicious by contact with'a little piece of French chalk which he had in his pocket. The man did not know his customer, and. the hour being suspicious and the roads much infested with tramps, he refused the coin with indignation, and made the great author understand that ' smash ing' was a game not popular in that district. Dickens was staggered at first, and amused after wards ; and when he really made himself known — which he had some difficulty in doing, as he was covered with the dust of a twenty-eight mile walk, and was not at first sight a trustworthy person — he was smothered with apologies. The first muffled sounds of that domestic storm which was about to break over the heads of the Dickeas housahold were beginning to be heard. Though the great author, in an ill- advised ' manifesto,' made public matters that ought to have remained private and almost sacred, I do not feel that I am justified in doing more than merely referring to this unhappy incident in passing. I know no more about its details than any person who was not brought into close contact, as I was, with one of the chief actors If my knowledge was more minute, I should still hold it to be my duty to be silent. I am not writing a chronique ecandaleuse. The private character of public men and women is as much their sole property as the balance they keep at their bankers ; and if I write anything in these pages to indicate that I have lost faith' in this honest axiom I shall curse my book with far more venom than those descendants will who may be injured or annoyed by any thoughtless writing. My own character I can do what I like with, and I believe lam dealing with that valueless property pretty freely. I followed up my outdoor subjects by going down in a diving-bell at the Admiralty Works at the Dover Pier, when that massive piece of masonry was being conetrncted. My bottle-holder was ? Mr. Walter Thornbury, who remained at the Lord AVarden Hotel. I was under the sea for several hours with the men, and came up with piercing pains iu my head, and a slight deafness which lasted several weeks. My knowledge of sea anemone! was not very prof ound, and I was evi dently not intended by Nature for a diver ; ? but the usual 'graphic ' article was written called, I think, 'Castles in the Sea.' We were alw-tys very tricky with our Household Words titles, and many of them, very smart in themselves, served the purpose of raising curiosity in the mind of the reader and concealing the subject which the writer was embroidering. I went from London to Birmingham in a 'canal boat,' accompanied by Mr. Moy Thomas, by the kind permission of the directors of the Regent's and Grand Junction Canals. This was some time before Smith, of Coalville, appeared on the public scene with his revelations of canal life. I wrote several papers called ' On the Canal,' not too much from a social reformer's point of view, but mainly descriptive of the people and their habits. I next turned my attention to the sewers of London — old and new — going through about seventy miles of these comparatively un known stlbways. My worst job was descending the 'man-hole' at St. John's Wood Chapel, and wading knes-deep down the very old channels of Mayfair, following the line of the old Maryle bone Brook, long covered in, and known as* the King's Scholar's Pond Sewer. When we came to Piccadilly, in the dip or hollow which marks the course of the old river, the stream — chieflv rain water mixed with sewage — became too deep for wading, and we got into a rotten boat and rowed the remainder lengths into the Thames at Pimlico. The Northern Outfall Sewer had not then been completed. Under Buckingham Palace we sang ' God Save, the Queen,' much to the astonishment of the rats. The examina tion of the great Outfall Sewers was a more cleanly operation, and at Old Ford, near Stratfordatte Bbwe, I was introduced to old Mr. Brassey, the great contractor, and was amused to find how well the labourers were supplied by Birmingham agents — many of them resident in Houndsditch — with Roman coins of great historical interest, and almost fabulous antiquity. I smelt of camphor for many weeks, and generally considered myself, for that term, as quite ' unfit for publication.' If there was a brass baud contest in the York shire hills, I rushed off to see and hear it. If a description of the ' Whitstable Oyster Fisheries ' seemed to me desirable, I lived in the old Kentish town, which breeds a hardy race of divere, and became a guest of the Ancient Trading Corpora tion of Free Fishcra. I found the native oyster just taken from the bay a sea-tasting product, far superior to the over-fed, pappy oyster of commerce. When the Great Eastern steamship was being launched — a ship which never went to India, although it was specially designed to go to India without coaling — I was present at the ceremony in my capacity of champion out-oi-door young man, and was close to the stern windlass when several men were killed by the snapping of a rope. Near me was a rough, ungainly-looking man, whom I took for a workman, bnt who turned out to be the late Dnke of Sutherland, then Marquis of Stafford. We were to meet often after lids, in various parts of the country. We were in the fen country when the dams had broken and half the Eastern county was under water. We were down the Lundhill Pit, at Barnsley, in Yorkshire, soon after the great and terrible ex plosion ; and we were on board the Great Eastern when she was being harried round from London to Weymouth, half-finished, but having to make a 'trial trip,' for financial reasons. Dickens came to Greenhithe to see me off, on his road to Gad's Hill (this time by rail, as he had visitors), and my companion was Mr. George Augustus Sala, who represented the Daily Telegraph. The late Mr. Scott Russell was on board, the engineer shipwright who had built the ship, which was designed by the younger Brunei — a sensational constructor, like his father, the hero of the Thames Tunnel. Mr. Russell took his place on the bridge by the side of the unfortunate Captain Harrison and the pilot, and helped to steer the vessel in a courtly manner that was a lesson in deportment to rough-and-ready mariners. The pilot was in evening dress — the Wapping notion of evening dress— as pilots, for some reason, always are. My berth was a large one on the first lower deck, with a settee opposite the door arranged round the base of one of the funnels. This berth I occupied with Mr. Sala. Mr. Sala suffered even then from extreme shortsighted ness, and, as he had no amanuensis on board, he kaelt down at a table and wrote with his face close to the paper. 