Concert at the Prmtice Freehold. On Tuesday evcnijg a concort was held in the Presbytornn Church, Pren tice" Freehold, in aid ol the funds of the Excelsior Cricket Cluljj and proved very successful. The progminme consisted of tho following :—Minstj-el circle : Messrs •iounslow .(interlocutor), Thoumine (tambo), O'Connor (bones), W. Hicks, T. Prentice, T. Doyle, (Burgess, Cavanagh and Robinson. The opening chorus, ‘• Put on the Golden Sword,” by the company, was well rendered, and was appreciated by the audience. The other items most worthy of mention were— Comic, song,, “If slio told mo to go to Jericho,” by . Mr Hi Thoummo, and a song, “ Out on the Deep,” by Mr Robin son. The gags and conundrums between the corner men and the interlocutor were particularly appreciated. Song, : “ Tho Picture that is turned towards tho Wnll,” by Mr Thomas, who wa3 recalled, and contributed a comic song, “ Bryan O'Lynn,” very satisfactorily. Mr T. Doyle rendered* “ Cabby knows his Faro” in his usual able manner ; and. Mr Burgess gave a correct rendering of “ The Song of the Ghosts,'’ which was followed by'“ The Green Shores oE Erin,” by M. Cnvanngh. Mr Robinson was very amus ing in his character song, “ Mrs Henry ;Hawkins,” and scored a success, having to respond to an encore. Mr D. Scott gave a recitation, and pleased the audience, in spite of the fact that recitations are not very generally relished at entertainments of this kind. Mr T. O’Connor gave a song and dance, and Mr Thomas brought the entertainment to a close by singing “ In Happy Moments”. Mr T. II. Wil liams gave thorough satisfaction as pianist, and Mr Hounslow assisted the committee by attending to the business of stage, manager, and at. the close oE the performance ‘thanked the audience on behalf of'the committee of the Excelsior Cricket Club for their patronage and for the very appreciative and encouraging manner in which the several items on tho programme had been received. Messrs Phillips, B. Hicks and Ii. McKay, assisted, or rather directed by, the..ladies, with Mrs ' J. Hicks as manageress', de serve great praise for the very excellent decorationg, floral and bunting, which adorned tho interior of the building. 