THOU ART THE MAN. * • BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XXVL The telegram that had summoned Lady Dunluce upon her mjeterious journey early on that fatal November afternoon was of the briefest. " Fc'iiid. Come as soon a& yon like. I wait here for your reply.—John Coverdale, Lodore Hotel, Keswick." The reply was decisive— "I start "for Keswick by the 2.40 train to- day —Sibyl Dunluce." l!ilr. Coverdala was waiting on Che platform when the train arrived. The grave kindly face seemed like a welcome, and Lady Dunluce feit oheered and sustained by hie friendly greeting. He had a carriage waiting for her, looked after her maid and her luggage, and tben took his seat beside her, and spared her all auKious agitating questions by telling his story at once, and fully. '* In the tint plaoe, I have found him," be said, "plain facts fires, and details afterwards. I have found hisa—he is desperately ill—a changed man from the man you remember at Jillerehe. You must bear that iu mind. Lady Dunluce. You have to prepare yourself for a terrible shock in seeing him after a lapse of years which have done more to alter him, poor fellow, than twice tbe number would in any ordinary life." "Desperately ill—bo ill, so changed," she faltered, trying to keep b&ck; her tears. "Tell me the worst—don't be afraid to tell me. Will he know me again ? Is his mind affected?" "cSeriously affected, I fear. I would not Bay that reason is altogether gone, but it ia no longer a bane mind. There are hallucinations, alternating with a dull apathy. The treatment may not have been cruel—has not been actively cruel—for there have been intervals since yesterday ia whiah he has talked rationally, and answered all my questions about his life at St. Juda'a with perfect clearness and understanding—but it has been the worst possible treatment for suoh a case as his." "It has been murder,"said Sibyl between her set teeth, " alow, deliberate murder, and those people at St. Jude's have acted as hired murderers." " Mr. Carpew has been your brother-in- law's paid agent. I think there is no doubt of his guilt in that degree. Mr. Urquharc bas an extraordinary influence over him—some stronger hold than money. But it is not worth while to enter upon that question The wrong bas been done, and cannot be undone. It is possible that this poor fellow might have degenerated ip bodily and mental health under the happiest circumstances." " What does tbe dootor say—no doubt you have called in a doctor ?" "The man of highest repute in the neighbourhood. He considers the case one of epilepsy pure and simple—epilepsy in that severe form in which tbe frequent attacks tend towards lunacy, and too often result in lunacy. He does not think the patient likely to belong lived." " Lontr lived, a life of misery ! Oil, God ! to think of what he was when I knew him! Oh, if you could have seen him then, Mr. Coverdale—voung, handsome, a king among men. Hie mind so highly oultivated—knowing and loving all the books I loved. So full of enthueiasm—belling us of adventures that showed auoh courage and ready wit- unconsciously, for he was the last of men to boast of what had done. And now you tell me that be in a wreck—a wreck in mind and body, a creature to be pitied. To hear you spenk of him just now as 'this poor fellow.'" She burst into tears, crushed and humiliated, as if Brandon Mountford's humiliation bowed h&r; proud bead to the dust. "Pray, bear with me," she said, as John Covtrdfi'e murmured gome kindly consoling words, hardly knowing what he said, bis heart aohine for her as it had never ached before for woman in sorrow. "Think what it is for me to have loved him as I did love him—these lips told him so a few hours before Marie Arnold's death—and to find him thus. Bear with me Mr. Goverdaie. You are a good man, my true, kind friend, the only friend I oan look to now." John Coverdale was silent, not daring to trust himself to speech in answer to that declaration of friendship. For him, too, as for Sibyl Dunluce, life seemed a hard riddle to read just now." " How did you find him 2" she asked, after a pause. They were driving along the road by the lake through the drizzling rain. An expanse of dark grey water stretched in front ef them, with mountains on either side, and wintry gloom brooding over mountain and lake. "It was not essy, but still it only required patience and the following up of every due. I have had to hunt for people in the Et.st-End, and I have found out that there is only one way of doing it. I had the Keawiok police to help me—two men who know the neighbourhood for a good many miles round, and with their help 1 soon discovered traces of him. A mysterious arrival of an invalid gentleman in a lonely farmhouse on the further side of Buttermere had been heard of at an inn in the neighbourhood—an inn used by excursionists in summer, but almost deserted at this time of the year. We found the man who drove them there. Not one of the flymen who ordinarily meet the trains, but a man from a livery yard engaged by telegram overnight. Had one of the station flies been employed we ahonld have made our discovery much sooner, for naturally my first enquiries were among those men." " What kind of a place—what kind of people?"asked Sibyl. "A decent farmhouse; very lonely, a place to hide in; decent kindly people, anxious to do their utmost for their charge, I believe. He had been sent to them by Mr. Carpew, whom they had known years ago, when they had a farm near St. Jude'e—a farm on your father's estate. They knew nothing ot the man who brought him, had never seen him before to their knowledge, but they knew Mr, Carpew and were willing to oblige him. They were to be paid for the gentleman's board and lodging and for a man to look after him, and all that was. wanted was seclusion and secrecy. The poor gentleman had relatives who wanted to put him in a lunatic asylum, and who would perhaps make out a case of lunaoy against him if they oould get hold of him, though be was by no meant a lunatic. Mrs. Hollis, the farmer's wife, seems a kindly soul, and her sympathies were aroused by this story." "Thank God, he has not fallen among thieves, so far as these people are oonoerned. Axe you taking me to him now ?" " f am taking you to the hotel where I have engaged rooms for you. I hope you will rest quietly for to-night, and to-morrow morning we will start for the farm as early as you like." "Why should I wait till to-morow? I am longing to see him, to know the worst about him. You tell me be is ill—a broken man. Your manner implies that he is very ilL He may die before to-morrow morning, and then I shall go do am to my grave without having seen ths wreck whioh I helped to make." "Lady Dusiluoe you must not look at this story in that light. No one can tell how much or how little influence surrounding oircumstances may have had upon him. It is possible that be was doomed to suffer as he has done—that in the brightest surroundings his fate would have been the same. And if he committed the crime for which he was arrested" . "No, no, no! He did not commit that crime. Don't speak of it. I am angry at the thought of my own folly—the web of lies in which I was caught. Let us go to the farm at once. We can stop at, the hotel just to gat rid of Ferriby and the luggage, and then drive on." ' " Not on a dark night like this, Lady Dunluce. The distanoe is too long. The drive would not be without danger, and you would see tbe patient at his worst, startled by euch a late arrival." " I want to see him at his worst. I want to know all he has suffered in these long, dreary yeare." " But think what the shock might be for him. He must be prepared for seeing you." "Is he not prepared already? Have you told him nothing of my anxiety about his fate —my bitter grief for Ins sufferings ?" "Yes, I have spoken of you, but perhaps not enough. Be assured it will be better for you and for him that you should defer the meeting till to-morrow." "You have been so good to me that I cannot disobey you," Sibyl answered, with a sigh. " What is the name of the hotel where I am to stop ?" she asked. "The Lodore. I thought yon would like to be by the lake, and away from the town." " Yes. I gave them no address when I was leaving. I was afraid Dunluce might follow me, and interfere in some mannfer. I must go back to-morrow afternoon,- when we have decided what is to be done." y "Has Mr. Mountford no near relations ? Is he quite alone in the world?" _ "ijaite alone. He has no relation nearer than my uncle. Lord Allacdale, and they are only second cousins, a relationship which does not count for muoh in a large family like my grandfather's. . I was interested in him tor another reason over and above relationship. His father loved my mother—hopelessly— loved her after he wa». bound td another. His son told me the story of that Bad. hopeless love. Oh, Mr. Coverdale, forgive me, she said, startled by a etilled sob from the man sitting by her side; ' pray forgive me if 1 have touched upon some sad story of ydrar own, some past experience" "No, no; it was nothing," he Baid, hastily. " That kind of story—the idea of a hopeless love, a hopeless grief, manfullj battled with— is always pathetic. You remember Warrington's story, a mere episode in * Pendentiis.' It moves one more than all the rest of the book, doesn't It ? Ah, here we are at the Lodore and now I shall leave you to get all the rest you can till next morning." The carriage stopped in front of the hotel; Lady Dunluce'e maid alighted, the porter took the luggage, lights shone brightly in the hall within with all the stir and bustle of an important arrival. Head waiter and head chambermaid were in eager attendance to show the way to her ladyship's rooms. A titled visitor in that dead season of the year was worthy of the utmost homage. " I am staying at the Keswick Hotel," Mr. Coverdale said as he bade good-night; "but I will be with you as early as you like tomorrow with a carriage and a good pair of horses. You had better bring your maid. Tbe journey will be long and tiring; and if we should have a hopelessly wet day" "lam not afraid of bad weather. Would 8 o'clock be too early f"r you to be here?" "Not too early for me. If I can get the livery people to be astir early I will be with you at 8. Only I beg that you will try to rest to-night. They have given you rooms looking • owards the lake, and I hope the sound of the waterfall will be paly loud enough to serve as a slumber-song." "Do 'not taink of me. You have takea worlds of trouble. I don't know how I shall ever thank you." " Don't thank me. I f'ave to take much more trouble at the East End for duty's s»ke. It will be my most cherished memory that you looked to me for help in your anxieties. Good nieht." He did not even stop to shake hands with her, but left her with » stiff bow, which seemed curiously at variance with the suppressed emotion in the tones of hie voice. U.e went back to the carriage through tbe rain, and she heard him drive away, leaving her with the long evening before her in a strange hotel A. two hours' drive in the clear morning air brought L»dy Dtmiuc- and her companion to a solitary farmhouse hidden amongst the hills, a spot mors lonely than even St. Jude's vicarage; but this rustic homestead, with its group of barns aud stable-yard in tbe background, and its little garden, where autumn flowers etill lingered, had a more cheerful aspect than tbe straggling stone house at St. Jude's, with ita walled garden and gloomy firs. Brandon Mountford ! Ye<, this was Brandon Mountford; this' tall wasted figure; this hollow-eyed countenance, with downward melancholy lines about the mouth, and the nervous contraction of the brow, and the wasted hands that lay in hopeless inaction on the arms of the chair. Sibyl Dunluoe stood gazing at him in awe strickensilenoe, almost as she might have looked upon a ghost. She could find no words to say ta him, no words of pity or affection: speech seemed frozen. Mainly had Mr. Coverdale sought to prepare her for the shock. The anguish of the spectacle waB not lessened by anything that he had told her. The silence lasted for minutes. John Coverdale heard the old clock in the pasaags ticking solemnly on, as if it were de&line; out a long day, or a long life time, so hopeless seemed the duration of that agony ; the woman standing statue-like, white as marble : tbe man sitting with eyes that gazed idly out beyond the open window, across the little garden, where the asters and marigolds made a bank of gaudy colour, to the grey dimnese of great rugged hills. The November morning was still and bright, and the air in the shelter of the bills bad a summer-like softness. At last, over the blank melancholy of tbat a^ed and altered face there crept a slow vague smile, and Brandon Mountford lifted hia eyes towards Sibyl. "I knew that you would come,' he aaid 4owly. " I knew that you would understand my message—though I have almost lost the trick of writing." "Brandon, you know me, you know aie," >he cried, sinking on her knees by hia ehair, clasping oue of those long wasted hands, deadly oold to her touch. "Know you—yea, of course." " You have been cruelly treated, but that i« all over now. All that this world oan give of htppiness shall *>e yours. It shall be my nare —the object ol my life to atone." " No, no, there has been no cruelty..< It was my doom—the curse laid upon me. What could they do but hide me—hide me from my fellow men—a wreteb—a murderer? I have suffered, but I have bad my dreams—dreams of that wild country where I was so happy— centuries ago—centuries of weariness and pain. The black faces oame back to me in dreams—the river—the forest. And I have dreamt that yoa and I were wandering there —you and I sittfjng together by tbe camp fire. I have seen your Caoe in the red light, and then the fire has changed to the fire of hell, and I have suffered like a soul in everlasting agony. I have suffered for my crime." In broken sentence^, with piteous entreaty, she protested against his self-denunoiation. "It is a dream," s^e said, "a horrible dream. You had nothing to do with poor Marie's death—except th«.misfortune to be the first to find her. Yoik hare been the victim of a cruel conspiracy—a plot to hide away an innocent man in order tcKjorevent suspicion falling on the real murderer.'" He looked at her curiously, as if lapsing into a reverie in which her words hardly reaohed him—looked at her wo'nderingly, as if her faoe were strange to him. And then his eyes wandered away from that earnest, eager faoe to the gaudy autumn flowers and the great grave hills veiled in tbin white mist. Alas, it was but too evident that the shadows which clouded his reason only cleared away now and again for a brief space as the autumn haze parted and patches of the hillside showed clear and bright through a rift in the veil. " It is not wise to talk to him of that dreadful event," said Mr. Coverdale. "What we have to consider iB what is best to be done for him. The dootor will be here at 12 o'clock. You may be glad to hear hia opinion from his own lips." '' Yes. I should like to hear what he thinks. But ought we not to have a specialist? We might telegraph to Edinburgh." "There will be time for that by and by. Will you oome into the garden with me" " What, leave him alone {" "He bas been accustomed to sitting alone. The woman of the house is within call. I should like to have a quiet talk with you out yonder." Sibyl did not answer liim, scarcely heard him perhaps. She was looking at Brandon Mountford in agonized contemplation. Whatover there had been of intellect or of power in his faoe a few minutes ago had vanished from it like a light extinguished behind a transparent picture—leaving the picture dull and meaningless. Weakness, physical and mental, hopeless despondency, were all that oould be read in that face now, a countenance of sickly pallor, every facial muscle relaxed, dull misery expressed in every languid line. This waa what solitude and silence, the slow decay of monotonous years, had done for Brandon Mountford. If Sybil Dunluoe. could have looked back along that dark line of years—if some magio mirror could have shown her pictures of the past, what would she have seen ? First a strong man oaught in a trap, fighting W'thbis captors.for release into the tree air of heaven, then suddenly subjugated and rendered powerless, not by their violenoe or their persuasion, but by the fell disease which the horrors and agitationa of hia life had intensified, which set ita demoniac grip npon body and brain with a form never felt till then. She would have seen one attack following upon another, with brief intervals of languor and exhaustion, till strength was sapped and intellect weakened—wtakened but not annihilated. She would have seen a brave man submissive as a child to a bond whioh he could have broken had he «o willed — submissive because hopeless and despairing. He was told that he was a murderer, that a warrant was out against him, that to e&oape; from that dull prison house, that life of hideous hopeless monotony would be to run into the noose of the law, to doom himself it might be to the gallows, or at best to the imprisonment of a State mad-house, a felon among other felony alunatio among other lunatios. She would have seen him, as his brain weakened, and the power of logical argument and even of consecutive thought gradually diminished—she wonld have seen him fooled by the hope of release. He should be got away later, when the osast was clear—should be sot on board a steamer and drafted away to that dark continent of which he dreamt ao often, where liberty and life were waiting for him among the dark faces under the tropioal snn. Fooled on from day to day, and month to month, and year to year, with that reiterated "by-and-by," ahe would have seen him gradually losing count of -days and months and years till time was one long blank,;and his life knew no ohange aave the ohange from heat toeold, and back to heat aga<n—from sunshine pouring in at his open windows to the early darkness of endless winter nights—from the dark, iron blank where the firelight had leaped and sparkled so merrily to the welcome fireglow ooming baok again to fill the dull black void. No changes save tbe rain whipping the window panes—the wind howling over the distant sea, i or whistling close at hand ra -Ao obiuiuey. There was thunder sometimes—thunder peals that shook the house, and made him wish that the roof would crack and the walla crumble and bury him among dust and ruin, and so make an end of this dull blank apaee and time which seemed to be endless—infinite apace— infinite time. He repeated the words sometimes as if they had been a formula, " Who disputes that either is infinite? I have proved them both," he aaid; for not only did time endless, immeasurable, but in his frequent periods of hallucination apace also seemed without limit, and his weary spirit wandered aghast in worlda that know neither change nor boundary, neither night nor day— dim greyness, peopled by silent ghosts—an endless labyrinth, or^a wHe stretoh of barren sand leading to a horizon that was always the same, and vet for ever receding. The commonest dreamer in a dream of a minute can invent and people a plaoe unknown to bis waking intelligence, but in the diseased brain thatdreaming power, increased a hundred fold, becomes a source of unspeakable suffering, a well-spring of horror. And what of his more rational hours ; those longer intervals between one attack and another wben there was time for the brain to regain something of its lost equilibrium? Alas! those honrs of reason and remembrance were the worst of all, or in those he believed himself Marie Arnold's murderer, recalled the image of tbe corpse in tbe wood, brooded over the cruelty of such an end to that bright young life, and the shame, and disgrace of the crime—disgrace refleoting upon all who were of his blood, a blot upon a stainless pedigree. " Better that I should rot in thia aeclusion, he told himself in those waking hours, "than tbat I should go out into the world to set men talking of my crime. Yet if it were possible —if I could get clear of - England without scandal—could get back to the Zambesi and my faithful Kaffir boys, they would hardly think worse of me for that story of bloodshed. They would only pity me as the victim of witchcraft. And in such an interval, when his janitor came to him with tbe meal whioh oaly Mr. Carpew or his wife ever served to the mysterious "boarder," Brandon Mountford would urge the fulfilment of that reiterated promise. Surely the time bad come when he might go away. Whatever watch had been kept upon the house must have ceased long ago. He had lost all count of time, but he knew that it must be long—and he looked down at his •jlotheB, which had been replaced by readymade garments more than onoe since he came there, and which yet were threadbare and worn at the edges. He looked at his wasted, almost transparent hands, where the muscles had been so firm and the flesh eo hard and brown in those old days bv the salmon river. Yes, it was long, very long. Sospioion, watchfulness, must have been worn out long ago. Why oould he not get away ? The vicar hud various CEOUsea. The danger was not over. Sis lodger was a marked man. Any movements in that lonely spot would excite curiosity. And then there waa the question of money. It wonld cost a good deal of money to get hiin out of England—to pay his passage to the Cape. " And you wouldn't like to land there penniless, " said the vicar. Penniless, ves—penniless under those stars. He would not fear. Besides, he had friends in London—friends who wonld gladly help him—men to whom money was of no account —if he could remember their names, or where to find them. " Ah, there waa the agony! He could not remember. Names, localities, oven the faces of the past were lost in vagueness and shadow. Faces haunted him—faces appeared to him—-rooms iu which he seemed to have lived—gardens whose every tree and shrub seemed familiar—but he oould not distinguish memories from dreams—the things whioh had oeen, and were real even to-day, from the things tbat his fancy invented. If Sibyl oould have known how through tbe clouds that darkened over mind and memory one image had shone oat clearly, unchanged and unforgott6n, and that image here; if she could have heard his appeal to his gaoler, repeated day after day. "Let me see her. Has she had my letter? Have you Bent a messenger to Ellerslie, as you said you would ?" and how, day after day, he was put off with excuses and postponements. She was abroad —in the South of France—an assertion that had been justified by her actual absence in several winters—but the same story had been told him wben she was at Dunluce Castle. To-morrow and to-morrow. There had always been the same promise that his desire should be realized by-and-by, and as the brain weakened he had grown to believe in that by-and-by, and to wait and watch for her coming. He had written many suoh scrawls as the one whioh reached her hands ; but on that last occasion he had been fortunate in his messenger, a wretched Jack-of-all- trade* wbo lived in a hovel at St. Jude's, and did odd job* of werk for the farmers. The key bad been left in the look of the garden door for onoe in a way, and Brandon, who was allowed to walk alone in this joyless enolosure, had oened tbe door unobserved and gone out 'nto the lare. He had no idea of escape nov, hp vine haen told that escape was hopeless—be was too weak and helpless even to oontemplate any aot requiring prompt decision air sustained exertion. He only wanted to see Sibyl— to find some messenger who would Garry hia appeal. The garden door opened on the heath, but he could hear the sound of a pick on the road a littie way off, and could see a bent figure breaking stones. Is was the Jaok- of-all-tradea doing a spell of parish work, and to him Brandon Mountford entrusted hia message a scrap of paper tastily written upon aa he stood on the wicd-blown road. Ho entreated tbe man to find Lady Dunluce—to put that bit of paper into her hand —her hand, ai.d no other. He offered his watch aB payment in advance for this service, but tbe man Tould not take it. The rough peasant was touched with awe and pity at sight of tbat spectral faue, and waa too honest to aooept so valuable a gift. Half-witted himself, he may hare bad some instinctive sympathy with Brandon's clouded mind. He oromised th&t; the letter should reach Lady Dunluok whatever trouble i$ might oast him to find her,\and he kept his word with a dogged faithfulness that would have done honour to the strongest intellect. And thus'by the accident of a key left in a lock—by one aot of forgetfulness on Mr. Carpaw's part—Brandon Mountford had been released from a living grave. " Have you made any plan for his future ?" John Coverdale asked, as he and Lady Dunluce walked up and down beside the pivet hedge which divided the little garden from the road. "I thought if we could take him to Bilenlia he might be happy there. He oonld have good servants. I could rely upon Mrs. Morrison's care of him" " Not to be thought of for a moment!" said Mr. Coverdale decisively. " In the first place Ellerslie would recall the tragedy which changed the current of his life j the effect upon his mind might be disastrous." " True. I forgot that. I have lived down the horror of these associations myself, and I forgot. Yes; you are right." " Ellerslie would never do. Remember the warrant against him. Wretched wreak as ha is, he might be put through all the torture of a Magistrate's enquiry—might be indieted for murder, and have to stand hik trial—the result a State madhouse. Ellerslie would not do." "No, no; the riak. would be .too great. Then what do you ad viae "Leave him where he fa for the present; perhaps till the spring. I have made enquiries about theee people, and they bear ao exoellant character in the neighbourhood—the man a hard-working tenant farmer, whose father-end grandfather worked on the land before .him; the woman honest and God-fearing. Their connection with Mr. Carps w ia aim pie BBQUgh. He was curate as the nearest parish. Church for a year before Lord Dunluoe gave him the living of St, Judefe, and during that year be became very friendly win the farmer and bis wife. They are kindly people. Mr, Mountford will be perfectly safe under this roof till we can think of something better." "But what if the men who brought Jbim here should remove him somewhere •lae,«nd wa should lose sight of him again?" " I don't think that will be attempted. . Xa the first place we must engage a trustworthy attendant, accustomed to auoh case*, who mjist be responsible to us for his safety. witha man under him to relieve guard. I snail go straight from here to St. Jnde'e, and after I have talked with Mr. Carpew I don't think there will be any further attempt to interfere with thia poor gentleman's liberty. Tbe Vicar of St. Jude'a will aee the peril of his oonduot in this business when I put it before him as X mean to do." " You may frighten him, irat he i« only the tool of another and a wickeder manr-a mia who will not hesitate at a crime." And then Sibyl urged the necessity ef removing Brandon Mountford ont of the power and beyond the knowledge of the man who had hidden him from hia fellow-men in order to sustain the suspicion—the almost certainty —of his identity with the mcrdsrer .of Marie Arnold. " So long at everybody at Ardlisttoa believed that Brandon was the murderer no one took the trouble to look anywhere else for the criminal," Said Sibyl. "That most have been the end and aim of his -imprisonment. To leave him in the power of his enemies mold be madness; and bow can we'besureof hiseafety so long as Hubert Urquhart knows whereto find him." " Mr. Urquhart is your husband's brother. It seems a hard thing to suppose him each am unmitigated aooundreL" " Ask my husband for hia brother's character if you doubt my estimate of him." "But sorely he would not suspect his brother of murder?" " Perhaps not, bat he would tell yoa he is -, • *-- — — Justifiable jjj get Brandon Mountford out of this man's custody and into our own. Let us ran all risks as to that warrant of ten years ago and take him to Ellerslie, He will be safe there with my housekeeper and my father's trusted secretary, Andrew Orlebar, a man who knows the whole story, and who would go through, fin and water to hdp ma." "Youcannot take him to Eller»lie, J» the acane of the murder, without arousimg ourioaity among your neighbours, Hawever few they are. there are enough of them' to talk and to revive tbe old story and the old aupioions. If a few days henoe he were to be arreatad you would be sorry" _ .... "Yes, yes. You are right. It might be dangerous. Ob, Mr. Coverdale, whatap weto do? We seem hemmed round with difficulties. Here ia a life—a poor ruined life-r-which haa been given baok to me as if out of thejjrave. Am I to jeopardize it—lose it again ? Think, think what can be done. Something musj be done to aave him from the villain wl»o plotted against him, who made me his aCQompUoe in my blind folly." There was a silence, a ailsnoe that seemed . interminable to Sibyl's anxiety, aa . John Coverdale walked slowly up and down the shingly path by her aide. She oould aee that he was thinking profoundly, and would not interrupt his cogitations by a word. , Her Datienoe waa rewarded presently. He had thought out a plan whioh he submitted to her briefly. . • . „ "My father has a ahootuig-bo* m AwjUahire. He was there with some friends in AuguBt and September, but the plaoe ja deserted now except for a keeper with his wife and a few shooting dogs. I will telegraph to the hospital at Carlisle for an attendant, wait here till he oomes, and when he oomes start at once for Scotland with Mr. Mountford, if he will trust himself to me. I oan instal him in my father's cottage in the care of the keeper and his wife, who are old servants, and will implicitly obey my orders'." . _ . "There oould be no better plan if Lora Workington will lend you his cottage." No difficulty about that. A telegram will settle the business. I must wait here' till the attendant oan arrive from Carlisle. You oan return tb the Castle this afternoon, dupatching my telegrams from the nearest office on your way back." . ' 1 But to leave you here—to take bo muoh of your time.". • - - " Don't mind that. I was to have been in London to-morrow afternoon; but one of my messages will be to the friend who it talcing my duty, asking him to give me onemore Runday. By Monday or Tuesday I hope tb have established your poor friend at the Hat,, and from there I shall go straight to London. Ton may believe teat 1 shall not abandon him till I am assured of his safety." " I believe in your wisdom and goodness as I believe in Heaven. I oan never thank you enough for what you are doing. He will thank you perhaps some day—better than I can-r-if the steady light of reason ever oomes baok—thank you for life saved, reason restored." And then she gave him a cheque for a hundred pounds whioh she had written before leaving the hotel for travelling and other expenses. She begged him to be lavish—to use the power of gold to the utmost. She would send further cheques as they were needed. „ „ He smiled his grave sad smile at her eagerness. " It would be an impertinenoe on my part to refuse to let you pay any charges!, may incur on your kinsman's account, be Said, "but there will not be much money wanted. And now may I send for your carriage, and your maid? You must be anxious to be on your way home again. I can write the telegrams while the carriage is being brought round." . " Yec, there is no tune to lose. You trill tell the house surgeon at Carlisle that the attendant ie wanted for a friend of Lord Dunluce. M V husband is asnpporstrof the hospital. The authorities will do their utmost to oblige him. But lam to see the doctor," ehe said looking at ber watch. " It is past 12, and he was to be here at 12. I must wait to bear what he says about the journey to Scotland. And I may see Mr. Moantfotd once more before I go, may I not?" "Certainly, if you like." Sibyl went alono to the parlour «Fnere Brandon Mountford was sitting by the fire, while the farmer's wife, a kindly looking woman, was laying the table for a meal. "The gentleman has a very poor appetite, she explained, as shi out strips of towni to accompany a basin of broth. " It» difimult to "get him to take his nourishment^ nes nothing but skin and bones, poor soul, Poor soul. Pity, the pitv for a wredt of humanity-that was Brandon Mountford e portion now. ,. » . -, _. He looked up with a sudden flush and a brightening of the haggard ejes- "Ah " he cried, as if seeing Sibyl for the first time, my messenger found yqu. Oh. my beloved, how I have waited Mid watched for r °He stretched out his wasted hand* to her in passionate greeting. He had mo memory of half an hour ago, when be bad greeted her with almost the some words. The evidence of a decayed intellect out her to tbe quick. The doctor came into tbe room at this moment—a young man, but serious and intelligent, and seemingly interested in bis case. He looked at bis patient, sat by bis side for about ten minutes, questioning and observing him; and then went out into the .garden with Lady Dnnluoe. "Befrank with me,"she entreated. "It is a very bad case, is it Dot ?" " Yes, it is a bad one." "Incurable!" "One hardly likes to call any disease inoorable nowadays. Medical science has taken to working miracles. Snrgeons are cutting epilepsy out of the brain as they out canoer oo*of the body." . "And with as much or as little suooess? "With the same possibility of suoeess and the same hazard of failure, perhaps. "He ought to be aeen by a specialist—a man who has made epilepsy the study of his life." "Tee. it would be well, by-and-by, for the oatisfaotion of his frionds. that this poor gentleman should hare the benefit of the Highest opinion. But there will be time amoogh for that when hie bodily strength is teetered, if i» CM fee Metered, by oare and • good naming "' "To« find bim w/»k — seriously, dangeroosly ill?"- , "Not daaxeroady ill, bat is a vary low and feeble condition; in a state which woold make any illness dangstoua—s, chill, a fever, anatfatak qf bropciutis, Be woujdhaveno i cruelly treated, kept in wane mHninn than if he had been in a madhouse —neiiteide, silence, dnllrooms, no change of ftiritdtmiis. 11 f* All very bad, notfcmbt, insuch ac&se; as ,.*.. * .. r And now ft is proposed to teke blm along jowtwy—to Argyleehiw. Oio bebearwioh a Joqamwr* HGertainly, at travelling is managed nowadays. He might be taken at night in a deeping-carriage, wUb tb® greatest c*re,and wtthaome one in attendance to administer a&nnUate;,, There. need be^ po riskin such a Journey weak as be is if tbe drive irom lien tp Keswick Station is nipt madetoo **"1bere shall be taken—the utn^tMM* We yn pwdinr to Carlisle for a nnrae, tam if Jf» -ooulaepare the tune to go with himtoaopertntwd thejouroey your fee shoujd be anything Vca like to name. In a oase of ::M>ir Jond there can be no guestion.aeto 'YooareTBiy food. If he w«e to travel I mwht spar, the my otb«r patien to; and my fee sbouId wrt.be .exorbitant. My prentice is not a wyremu- .fcetatfre boa, and I have so preesjng owejurt now which would make my absence hazardous. 3 meed not be Away mot* than eighteen /boors ifwetrsTel bytbe night maiL" , - ff EvMRytbinsiibaU be arranged to your convenience. Your presence wi]l be & comfort to pie and Mr. Oowdale, who fa taking my poor oooshi to Scotland. And yon will see the attendant >.*nd five him fell ^Mtrwtions w -to JtcoatanenV' opa&tned; dij everything tbat thopghtorsxpswenoaeanteggest." :;•:„•. "Then mytnindwill be at MH about Mm. Tlritin wrfW tn «» immediately afteryour ' return, and I shall have the pleasure of oeed- >dootor smiled, forte didnotknow tbaname pf this beautiful woman, whose MKDettnaes- and 'evident affection for that rnioed life impressed him deeply. He asked M<qtnstieet,'for he knew enough about Lord WorkingtonV eon to know that be had todo ^iApeopieaf^podpomtiofa. . "Tbe carnage -waswaiteng tl w We gate <wbjoti «tart of * Mte- garden from. the Kwli *ae*>mmodalii6nl»ne*b»t made the «oly approach to the homestead.• Her JadyaMiMtthMlmethem, »nd Ahem w»ra wraps LVap MoiMli la ihe openoamage for a r to P*tor»bni«h. iluce went back to tbe , alone withBrandon l fene^ ovtt hi« «haic and nreswd'berliitstobiswaa forehead. - iteeuocf. of that first kiss in' tbe«ardM XUettlie ^before tbe doming of • ja^.-.^waajjihe;. ,«eeond — and , if migta W-tbe last. -Who ®oold teH?. He was v^Ubingfrom ber sight onoe more, Who t^lf-'KEewonld taver bring themfaoe to E M e a M t t r t ^ i . ,..' "Life ii eo fnU of ead, anrpciaas," . she TBMRIIT„-M^MM drove mmmf htm 14M* Quiet bollow tbe inlla, ^emembenng ihe «adden iroablexrf ton yeari ago,«nd in no wise foreshadowing that terrible surprise whioh was waiting for her within the hour. ' 