nsrjEJE I^LlES: VShort:, Sjiarpr Shiny." "George, father has failed." "That's just like him! I told you all along, darling, that he was going to do all he could to keep us from marrying." Warm. "Cinders.'' Cyolorama. " Aladdin." A lady mayor. War in Brazil. Coal difficulty. Frozen flowers. A series of fires. " Continental." Napoleon's ghost. Railway aocident, London wool sales. An infant drowned. Robbery in Sydney. Booming Queensland. " Hydatapikilumina." A Chinese catastrophe. A gunpowder accident. A mysterious epidemic. An attempt to wreck a train. Two more suicides in Sydney. A theatrical manager in trouble. Fairy fountain at the Cyclorama. A bigamist arrested at Hindmarsh. New attractions at the Cyolorama. A serious trap accident at the Burra. Burglary at the Broken Hill courthouse. Kanaka labor traffic denounced as slavery. Mr. G. Milner Stephen, the faith healer, is dead. The Advertiser is steadily growing in public favor. 300 Chinese' killed in a temple during a panic. No snake Btorie3 at the St. Kilda reclamation works. Vinegrowers criticised by the vitioultural expert. Fine weather at last for a " Continental" evening. . Victoria is going to send frozen hogs to, England. Twenty people killed in a railway accident in America. New South Wales has 1,236,840 acres under cultivation. Another collision between two express trains in America, The Advertiser again sold out early yester day and to-day. An "enohanted fountain of laughing waters" at the Cyclorama. A dastardly attempt to wreck a train frus trated in Victoria. A large attendance at the opening of the London wool sales. Horses near Donald, Victoria, are becoming paralysed and dying. ' ' ' Last year's pantomime, "Aladdin," at the Theatre Royal nightly. Arson suspected in connection with the recent fires at Meningie. ' The Arcadia takes 22f tons of South Aus tralian butter away to-day. The steamer Age has knooked the stuffing out of the Pyrmont-bridge. . The quantity of wool to be offered at the London sales is 10,000 baleB. The origin of the fire in the Broken Hill Theatre Royal is still a mystery. Next week's shipment of butter will probably be the laBt of the season. Wineries are being established in Viotoria under subsidy from the Government. Mr. Phil Langdale will make his last ap pearance at to-night's "Continental." The Arcadia takes 550 tons of butter, valued at £53,000, to England from Australia. The Norwood Rowing Club will hold their races on the Torrens Lake on Saturday. Mrs. Elizabeth Yates, mayor of Onehunga, has been sworn in as a justice of the peace. The Customs receipts from July 1, 1893, to January 13, 1894,'amounted to £281,30310s. The first races for the Electric Cup will be held on the Torrens Lake on Saturday next. The population of West Australia for the last three months shows an increase of 2,836. Applications for the position of manager of the London Wine Depot received till noon to day. England sends Australia globe-trotters and Victoria is going to retaliate by sending them hogs. Mr. G. Milner Stephen was Acting-Gover nor of South Australia from July, to Ootober, 1838. Mr. J. M. Cook, the principal of the world renowned firm of Cook & Sons, pays our Zoo a great compliment. The Marquis of Lome has been reading a paper on "Banking" before the members of the Imperial Institute. William Gentle, the Port Pirie insolvent, was sentenced yesterday to 12 mouths' impri sonment with hard labor. The Victorian Agricultural Department have decided to send a trial cargo of fresh pork in a frozen state to England. The Allgemeiner DeutsoherVerein arS going to build a clubhouse on the ground adjoining the Sturt Aroade Hotel, in Grenfell-street. In spite of its reverses the Broken Hill Pro prietary property maintains its position as probabiy the richest silver mine in the world. Since the formation of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company it has paid away in dividends £4,648,000 and £592,000 in bonuses. "The Adelaide Zoo is One of the best I have ever visited; indeed, it is better kept than the London Zoo."—Mr. J. M. Cook, of Cook and Sons. An Ave Maria adapted to the intermezzo from " Cavalleria Rusticana " will be simp by i Miss Amelia Banks at to- night's "Conti nental." j The Sultan of Zanzibar forwarded a lion and lioness, with a-couple of cubs, as a present to the Queen. The animals on arriving m London were deposited in the Zoo. The Hon. R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C., and Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick, M.L.C., and Mr. T. Price, M.P., left for Sydney yesterday to attend the Labor Conference. At the last general election in England 1,307 candidates expended not far short of £1,000,000 in what to nearly half of them waB the vain attempt to obtain a seat in the House of Commons. Sir George Dibbs Bays even though the New South Wales Parliament had the death-rattle in its throat its existence could be prolonged sufficiently for it to pass some urgently-re quired measures. A writer in the Leeds iTimes savs—"It is calculated that the people of Leeds spend at least one million sterling per annum on intoxi cating liquors, half of which belongs to the working classes. It is reported that recent medical statistics in Switzerland show that 50 per cent, of the young men who would otherwise be eligible for military service are rendered unfit by ex cessive drinking. Twelve Zulu sorcerers have been sentenced to death for the murder of a supposed witch, who was killed by slow poison. The sorcerers, by the practioe of black magio, we're supposed to have discovered the person whose witchcraft had brought misfortune upon the kraal.' Amongst the curious but not less acceptable wedding presents the Duohess of York received is an Irish -spinning-wheel sent to her by the Hibernian colony in Chicago. The whole machine is made of bog oak, and the spindle is part of a rebel Irish pike, the head of whioh 