[?] \ Jean CHAPTER XXIX. — A Close Shave. The Coleshill railway station was in an unnanftl state of f usb and flatter. An up- train and a down-train were in at the same time, owing to a slight accident having taken place and causing a block on the lino farther on. Consequently the couple of porters, who were quite enough for ordinary requirent ents, found themselves perfectly inadequate to cope with the incoming and outgoing travellers, especially as among the latter were Sir Clement and Lady Gertrude Dunraven, starting for the foreign tour which, had been so strongly urged, both by Dr Watson and Lisbeth Glendinning. At first it had been a difficult matter to move Lady Gertrude away from the little baby's grave, but after much persuasion and telling her it was for Sir Clement's sake, she consented to go. Having done so, womanlike, she was in an immense hurry to be off, and, as she said, get way from a place where, since the day she had been brought home on account of Sir Louis's death, even before her honeymoon had commenced, there had been nothing but misery and sorrow. All the fuss and commotion at the station did not serve to raise Lady Gertrude's spirits. " An accident," she said ; " always trouble wherever we go ; it really is most strange," and she began to cry ; in fact, she would have broken down altogether had not Liebeth's cheery tones kept her np. Lisbeth. and Sir Miles Berkeley had come to the station to see them off ; in fact, Sir Miles intended to do even more, for he 6aid \- he would accompany them to London and start them next day by the Dover express. 44 Will you not come, too?" Lady Gertrude had asked. 44 It will be so good for Clem to have you." But Sir Miles replied that he had some business to attend to ; later on he would come ; he could not get away jost yet. The fact was that at last he had had a con versation with Sir Clement about Elvira Delane's letter, and they had decided that it would be better for Sir Ciemeut to find out how the land lay, and send him word as to Elvira's mood before he put in an appearance. He might lose all his chance by following her up too closely. At last all the luggage was in the van, and the train moved slowly out of the station as Lisbeth, the tears in her eyes, stood alone watching. She was glad they had gone away for awhile ; it was a relief in many ways, yet at the same time she could not help regretting tee departure, and wondering when, or if ever, the threads of their lives would be re united. Then she went slowly up the steps in order to cross the line, the town being at the back of tee down station. On the platform she found quite a orowd of people, many of them acquaintances, for it was market-day in Coleshill, and all the neighborhood round was more or less on the alert. Ever since Lisbeth had tnrned the cottage into a 44 Home" she' wore more or less the garb of a purse, thinking it made her look older and of more importance. A blue serge dress and long cloak to match, and a closely- fitting bonnet with a long blue gauze veil, which she invariably pulled down over her faoe — was now her unaltered costume. She had intended to wear black, but Sir Clement had set himself so resolutely against it, that to please him she had moderated the rigor of her appearance. It mattered very little to her what she wore so long as people did not know how wretched she felt. It was in order that they should not read this on her face, white she would fain keep concealed, that the bine veil was always down, especially when business took her into Goleshill. As it was, the gossips said you would scarcely know Lisbeth for the satne person. She had grown so matronly, and looked ten years older during the last few months. Of oours'e, it was all put down to her father hav ing been tried for murder. She got through the little orowd at the station as quickly as she could, conversing with her acquaintances as civilly but as curtly as possible ; then she went through the ticket offioe, out into the4 road. There was a burly red-faced man in a soft wide-awake, standing so close to the door that she had to push past him in order to get out. Having done so she looked back , Where had she seen him before ? He was the clergyman who had married her to Qlement Dnnra /en. What was he doing there ? Why had he come all the way from Yorkshire to haunt that particular spot? Would he recognise her? Had she not better hurry away as fast as she could. But an unaccountable fasoination seemed to detain her, and her limbs felt as if they would not obey her will. Attracted, perhaps, by her having looked at him, or drawn to her by some occrdt power, Mr Singleton, for it was indeed he, went up to her. 44 You are a nuree, I see, by your dress. Perhaps you will kmdly give me a little in formation for which lam seeking Lisbeth bo wed her head, but did not apeak, nor did tee attempt to pass on. 44 Better that she should answer him than for another to do so," she thought. 44 Does not Sir Clement Dunraven live in i .hia immediate neighborhood ?" 41 He does. At Aboyne Court." It was with the greatest difficulty that she kept her voice steady -aB she replied. 44 How far is it from here ?" 44 About three miles. But you will not see Sir Clement. He has started for the Con tinent by the team which left a few minuutes ago." And the knowledge that Sir Clement was gone made Lisbeth feel braver, especially as Mr Singleton did not appear to recognise her. 44 How very unfortunate. I missed him in town a few weeks ago, and now I have just missed bim again." 44 Do yon want to see him so very par ticularly ?" 44 1 do. I have an idea that I knew him once, and if so I should like to renew the ac quaintance. I suppose you know him, as you Hve in these parts ?" 44 I have lately been nursing his wife, Lady Gertrude. They have lately lost their only ehild, the heir. It is on that account for a change for her that they have gone abroad." 44 Indeed, I am very sorry. Is Lady Ger trude Sir Clement's first wife ?" 4 'No one ever heard of his having had another, and he always lived about here with his uncle, Sir Louis, until he married Lady Gertrude." It was a most ambiguous answer, and a most judicious one. 44 It is odd," murmured Mr Singleton, half to himself. 44 Why do you wish to know if Sir Clement ever had another wife ?" asked Lisbeth. 44 Because some two years ago, or rather more, I married a man called Clement Dun raven to one Lisbeth Glendinning." 44 Two years ago ! Then it can't be our Sir Clement. He has been married to Lady Gertrude nigh on two years. Where did you marry these people ?" 41 Up at my church on Temple more, in Yorkshire." 44 My good friend, yon will have to go a little further afield to find the couple you are in search of. i think there is a branch of the Dunravens settled in Ireland." 44 That's what Mr Vaughan said when I aBked him aboat tee matter." 44 So you knew poor Mr Vaughan ?" 44 Yes. He seemed interested in my state ment about the marriage, and asked for the certificate." Lisbeth did not speak. The revelations of the last few minutes were so crushing that she was breathless. It was Mr Singleton who continued. 4 4 'If I am on an entirely false ecenfc, it is curious that the man taken np for murdering Mr Vaughan should bear the name of Glen dinning." 44 1 don't think there was anything said at the trial about this Glendinning being in any way mixed up with the Dunravens. 1 b&lieve; his father was bailiff to Sir Miles Berkeley," remarked Lisbeth, as quietly as tee could. 44 Then you think it was a mere coinci dence F" 44 It must be, I should say, or we should have heard something about it. Goodness knows, the subject has been discussed freely enough." 44 Well, I am sorry I missed Sir Clement. xou really think, there is no use in my going up to Aboyne Court?" 44 Of course you can go up if you like to see the place and have a talk with the house keeper, though I don't think she knows as much as I do. Shelias not been there very long. . I will show you the way if you like." Lisbeth- had hot the slightest intention of letting him out of her sight to have any con versation with anyone if tee could help ft, but she did not think it would do to be too anxious to prevent his going. Her tactics --were successful. 44 If you are sure Sir Clement is not at home, what is the good sof my going up there ?" he said. My wife, who is an invalid, does not ; know I am out of London ; I want to get back as q uiokly as possible." This was good news for Lisbeth, but tee did not allow herself to appear exhilarated, tee only said very quietly : 44 1 am sure Sir Clement Is gone I came down here to see them off in Ladv Gertrude should want me." "I wonder when there is a train back to town ? He took a leaf torn from an A B O In reference to the Coleshill trains out" of his pocket- book and began to study it. Under other circumstances Lisbeth would have wished him 44 Good morning," but she aeoided it was wiser to stick to him if tee eould and Bee him off He seemed rather talkative, and if he got into conversation with any of tee ColeteiU people he might find out who she was. and her name would betray' her. h'r i5Ivt! satiafaotioa bo there would be an "up" train in five Wiat he "TSht he had better return to town, though he felt Tory -.-l as if he had come on a fool's got very littl mtoramttau -Jss « Awfully good of you. But am I noi taking up your valuable time v ' "Not in the leeet. M, patient U jlrt «hJ>v#-no engagement So, , So they started together back to the nlel form from which Lisbeth had only mat JSz Mr Singleton Ming her atont Pierce Vanghan'e death aataeyttt lisbeth, however, did not consider it necessary to know anything that was not in the newspapers, and professed herself n» sonally unacquainted with Mr Vauahan All tee knew was that it had been a affair, and being followed so soon bvtiS death of tee little heir, had been a territo! shook to the family at the Court. wnen toe incoming tram was signally how thankful Lubeth felt no tougue can Mr Singleton held oat his hand to her " I am eo glad I met you ; before we'patt you must tell me your name." "No«ea no namee," she amwered evasively. "I am known as Nurse Jane-1 and your name F I am going to write to Lady Gertrude about a commission she left me, and I will tell her of this interview." She knew it only too well, still it was dig, creet to enquire. He gave her a card out of his pocket-book 44 Rev. Abel Singleton," and as he did so crushed the rising hope that had sprung into her heart when tee thought that perhaps she had got rid of him for ever. 44 1 am taking my sick wife abroad," he remarked, 44 perhaps we may meet the Dunravens; have you any idea where thev are going?" ' 44 Not tee least. Their route is verv un. decided." The answer was a hurried one, and Lisbeth entirely forgot tee had just said that she was going to write to Lady Gertrude. It was as good as any other, however, for the train glided off, and Mr Singleton had no time to make further inquiries. As she turned round feeling almost faint from the relief of having got rid of him, a voice said: "Hullo, Miss Glendinning, I thought I should have been in time to see the Dunravens off, but I hear they went by an earlier train. Who was that F" The speaker was Dr WatsoD, curious as was his wont to know all about everything that was going on. 44 A friend of Mr Vaughan's," replied Lisbeth, still with an effort keeping up the strain of answering with indifference ques tions that were to her of such vital import ance. 44 He wanted to see Sir Clement, and condole with him, and learn ali particulars. He was sorry to have missed him." 14 Jolly good thing he did. Sir Clement has had enough of that subject. Pity I did not see him, I could have told him all he wanted to know." Lisbeth could not help shuddering at the thought of what might have been the issue if the parson and the dootor had met. 44 You are catching cold standi r g about at these dismal leave-takings," said the dootor, whosaw her shiver. 44 1 shall have you on my hands next. Get into my trap and I will drive you home." Lisbeth accepted gratefully. She felt very weary and out of spirits. a drive through the fresh air might do her good. At all events, it was better than walking through the town, - to be cross -questioned at every turn about the Dunravens and their affairs, as tee inevitably would be. The difficulty was to keep up appearances with Dr Watson, and seemed to be her usual self. The little man was, however, such a good talker that it was an immense help to Lisbeth, and they drove away ia the smart little gig very briskly and enjoyably. That is, the doctor was thoroughly en joying himself, and he took it for granted that Lisbeth was doine the same. One not very pleasant outcome of the drive neither of them had considered, which was, that, seeing Lisbeth Glendinning seated by Dr Watson in his gig, had set the whole of Coleshill chattering and wondering whether the bellringers would have to practise wedd ing chimes. Not that such a wedding would have af forded Coleshill any particular satisfaction. The Glendinnings were by no means popular, more than half tee population si ill believing, notwithstanding the verdict, that Jim Glen- dinning had had a hand in the death of Pierce Vaughan. And to see their pet doctor married to this man's daughter was by no means what Col« hill would have chosen had it b;tn consulted in the matter. If Lisbeth had been less absorbed in th# contemplation of her recent meeting mtn Rev Abel Singleton, she would not have run tiie gauntlet of general observation. Asj was, she felt thankful for the doctor protecting care, and did not consider say" thing: that lay beyond. She had been nee® to look up to him for help and advice, would have seemed unnatural co have w forego his assistance. Of eourse Dr Watson could not help seeing that lisbtth was by no means herself, but ne ascribed it to her pLtingwitetbeDunrave He was quite aware of her devotion to LMJ Gertrude, and that the departure of the in mates of Aboyne Court would create a gi® blank in her life. Ah ! if he could only fill it, he thought, as he sat there by Lisbeth's side. And then »» too, f eU to ruminating over the suspicion had been awakened in his mind in conneou with little Lisa. . 1t . Thinking hard, he actually forgot, to t w, thus they became Buoh a silent couple as i t drove along that one would have imag they had been married for years. Nor did they awake from their very different dreams until they reached cottage. aftnlfl 44 I'll just come in and see if all your p P are all right" said the dootor. , Iwiv In reality he wanted to have a good at Lisa, and see it he could trace any ness that would be a guide to him to fUWhLt he saw in the child djotaS3 but he looked so grave that Llebe excitedly what ailed Lisa, was she i » iee any hidden disease? Sbb roemb&tiegrty; Iflii strong 6P08flb : 44 No, no, the child fo weti mough, %hero is nothing to be anxious alxmt. S hm only studying heredity, it is a pet study pf urine," ; and he sighed. - : - , V : "Studying heredity, what doyoumeanf What heredity did he find in Lisa, fhis wait?" and the hot blood rushed into Lisbeth's face as she asked the questions. He did not reply in a direct manner, but looked at her very hard, and then as the child, and holding out his hand, said he would call ayeln in a few days. Dr Watson was gone, and there was no doubt but that he carried with him the knowledge that she was Lisbeth's own child. She wondered what he would do with his knowledge. Would he guard it faithfully, or would he betray it ? She put the latter suggestion away as unworthy. She had too high an opinion of Dr Watson to think him capable of betraying any woman. She went upstairs to her room, took oft her out-door garments, and then, having locked . the door, gave way to one of those paroxysms ( of wild tears which—as a heavy storm clears | the atmosphere of a summer's night— makes a woman's heart feel lighter for a while. Lisbeth had that day gone through more ikcti oka Ann id wall andnra Vhft fataAtirutrlfl. the hum bug she had been compelled to have recourse to in her interview with Mr Single- " ton in order to shield Sir Clement, were most repulsive to her, and added therefore to the mi86iy she was feeling from anxiety. _ Could she go on bearing this burden in silence ? Should she make a clean breast oi everything to Dr Watson ; wonld he not help her and Sir Clement, too, or must she keep the secret nutii it drove her mad? CHAPTER XXX; — The Spectres op the Future. " Don't you tnink, Gertie darling, that a drive would do you good ? For two days you have not been out of this hotel — we might as well have stayed home if you do not benefit bv the chance." 41 1 am tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie here and be at peace." 44 Are yon sorry you came abroad, dear ?" 44 No, I am very glad, lor I think you already look the better for the change." And so he did. There was a good deal of elasticity in Clement Dunraven's nature, and hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him, he had to an extent thrown off his weight of worries. Of coarse, he had his dark hours, and very terrible they were ; but since the boy's death he had managed to conceal them irom Lady Gertrude, and as he did not look so haggard as he had done in England, she reasonably conjectured that the change was doing him good. And this was the one gleam of sunshine the poor little woman bad, for her own heart was very sad, and so broxen was she that those about her almost feared she had reoeived her death-blow when the baby died. Sir Clement, however, would not believe this. He declined to see any danger in his Gertie's condition. Other women bad lost children before and had got over it, why should she not do the same? Tnere was no organic disease; of that Dr Watson had assured him. Lady Marcia and Elvira Delane would arrive in a oouple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remorseful wretch that he was, expect to be able to cheer her up, and as yet they had not met anyone in Wiesbaden whom they knew. Thus he consoled himself as he wan dered about the lovely gardeu in which the kurhaus and the principal villas are situated, and longed for the time when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be in duced to accompany them in their wander ings. If he could only get her into the Kur-garten every day to hear the band, he knew she would soon get all right. How fallacious is hope, yet bat for hope how deep would be despair. Wiesbaden was not psrhsp3 altogether the very best place to which Lady Gertrude could have come, a moie bracing climate might have served her better. It was Lady Marcia who had chosen it. She had, or im agined she had, various ailments for which a residence at Wiesbaden would be beneficial, since it abounds in specialists of considerable renown, and, the chief object being to get Lady Gertrude away from the reminiscences that surrounded her at Aboyne Uonrt, the climate of her temporary abode had not been brous-ht under discussion. 44 Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the places of interest in the neighborhood," persisted Sir Clement. " I am very well here at this window ; I can see the trees." They were at an hotel on the Wilbelm Straese, looking on to the Park. " Then I mast go all alone," said Sir Clement, with a sigh. This appeal at once roused Lady Gertrude. 44 1 will go with you, Clem, dear— forgive me for being so selfish. Order a carriage for lire o'clock ; it will be cooler then." He kissed her and went out fco give tbe- order, wondering, as he went, what there wasia him, a criminal, that two women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to him. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction, he thought he would go to the post-office and see if there were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about their rooms in the hotel, all lotters were to be sent 44 paste reBtante," a plan which especially suited Sir Clement, as he could thus receive letters from Liebeth without their being observed either : by his wife or the servants. There was one awaiting him now, with a small P marked id. the corner, which meant that he was to open it when no one was by. The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it, she had declined, saying 44 that the .letters she intended to write him in the future would" be of euch a nature that anyone anight read, them." . Something unexpeoted, then, had occurred, Sir Clement feared, as he stood in. the street tearing Qpen letter with trembling fingers, 44 perhaps ike other child also was dead." r By one of those preverse whims, for which he himself could have given no reason, eyei Jinoe the bey's death, Clement Dnnraven hat found himself constantly thinking about Liba, Lisa, of whose existence he had not ttaeenta aoctmnt utttil srithift &e; Jattt ftw Ifnsytimws or trouble l tid oveHalcen hlS Own acrotmt, $s trill as for LisbethSiB, %hoae idol ButLisa well and kMrtyythe missive begah-by teltingklm »6,tod hefoltrtiieved. Very soon, however, was he to have his rfoing spirita dashed te the gtound aa he went on with the letter and read the Whole account of Lisbeth's interview with the Rev Abel Singleton. ; Hydra-headed, he feared, Was the relentless pnrsuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out irinein. . Lisbeth had befeto most judicious, and had I laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal' woman that she was ; but there was no saying when J it would begin to stalk again, or at what | point of his travelshe might meet it. j He took a long walk before he returned to I Lady Gertrude, although there were several I letters at the post-office which he knew she I would be glad to have bathe felt he cUd not j dare meet her questioning glances until, after j this fresh blew, fie could manage to assume! something of his wonted calm. J Oae omission - he blamed LiBbeih for in his mind. . Why had she not asked where on the Con- j tinent this persistent parson was going to j take his sick wife? It would have been sol easy to avoid that particular spot, and with I the small means the Singletons had, they | were not likely to travel about much; Now j he would be kept in constant dread, examin- j ing hotel visitors' books, looking into the face I of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone j who addressed him, lest the man who spoke j should be Singleton, whose personal appear- j ance he had totally forgotten. Oh; it wonld be too dreadful, a new phase aiid a most terrifying one in the. painful life-drama he had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himself. When he reached the hotel, before he went 1 into lug room, wuoro Lwiy vforvruusj w«wj uv i began the inquiries which would now be his daily task, by examining the book that lay on the table in the hall. No suoh name as Singletons He passed on to his wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her. While she read them he stood looking at j hiiwHftlf in the glass that hung over the | mantel-shelf. a j Engrossed in her correspondence, she did : not heed what he was doing until hesaid : 44 Do you knew, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beard grow. I wilt be wonderfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becom ing, too, I suspect." She laughed as she said : 44 Yon conceited boy, yes, let it grow. I should like to see you with a beard. No one will recognise you when you get back to England." She little guessed that this was what he was aiming at, and that, as for conceit, every particle of it had died out of him months ago. (to be continued.) 