[?] ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES. [By G-eetbtjde Warden.] CHAipTEB VIK.— A Prophecy of III. \- — [Continued.'] . * Charming, my dear— charming !' she ^exclaimed, as she peered down into -Felice's face from her own superior height; ' So fresh, and so distingue? ! A thousand pities you are not mating a longer stay with us ! My boy Marcus would have written sonnets to you, and my little Maurice here would have painted you. For we are artists, my dear child, in this house— artists, all of ub. For the mere material things of life' — :she waved her thin fingers comprehen sively in the direction of the colossal joint of beef, flanked by vegetable dishes containing boiled potatoes and cauliflower— -'for all mundane matters, we care little, leaving them to inferior minds incapable of soaring towards the great, the beautiful, the infinite. Maurice, my child, you will vndertake the carving, will you not ?' Felice hardly knew what to say or to think. There was something fantastic and absurd, yet at thk same time painful, in her hostess's occasional bursts of florid eloquence, alternating, as they did, with long fits of absence of mind, in which she sat staring before her with a fixed, artificial smile upon her painted face, and in. her eyes no gaiety at all, but a sombre gloom and lurking apprehension. . After dinner waB over, Lady Pen ton led the way to the drawing-room, and asked Felice to play ; and the unaccustomed trills and resounding chords produced from the dusty keys by the youngerwoman's well-trained fingers attracted both gentlemen speedily from their smoke and wine to the side of the piano. . * Felice played accompaniments at first sight, and Lady Fenton fluttered offin search of one of her own manu script; songs, whilst Maurice and the fair pianist bent their heads together over a pile of old music, and Marcus iratched them intently, leaning back in his chair, which he had drawn near the piano. Rustling down- stairs again, -the dowager found old Margeret lurking by the half- open drawing-room door, and motioned her away. But Margaret feared not her mistress. She had lived with the Fen tons too long, and knew too much, not to be secure in her position. ? See 'em there ! — see 'em there I'sbe _ muttered, defiantly ; ' and her another man's wife — poor Master Robert's wife ! You mark my words, my lady — there'll be another murder at Stone royd yet, and you and me will live to see it !' Chaptee IX.— A Seven - Yeabb' Secbet. There was no more (peace for Lady ITenton that night, after her oJa servant's evil prophecy, and Felice, glancingat her mother-in-law, as the latter re-entered the drawing-room, saw . again upon her features* that singular look of fear which she had read there on the preceding evening. Even a careful rendering of her own sentimental Irish songs hardly served to dispel the dowager's de pression; and when presently Felice, to the delight of the two men, rattled' off th« prettiest airs of the most recent Parisian ppera-boufe, the elder lady, while mpdding her ???- lace head gear ? approvingly from her seat by the fire, and reiterating 'Charming ! charming !' let her face return to its former look of gloomy apprehension. Perhaps Maurice was the only one of the four to enjoy himself unre servedly. He had'long ago resolutely faced and fought down his disappoint ment concerning William Fenton's legacy, and all recollection of the sub ject was now crowded out of his brain by the new and vivid impression he had since received. This beautiful cousin, with the per fect figure and serious deep grey eyes, interested him to the exclusion of other thoughts. Had he only known her as she now appeared, and as others knew her, well-mannered, self possessed, and gracious, or even, in her brighter mood, over the morning's picnic breakfast, he would have liked and admired her heartily, with no more tLan the artist's and the Irish man's partiality for pretty and plea sand woraen. But for him already there was another Felice, a lonely, desolate figure, crouching by the dying embers of the fiie in a very agony of grief, and abbbing out, in piteous fashion,./ If I could only die!' : Less than four hours ago, too, this same Felice, now so daintily arrayed in Parisian millinery — this bright faced, sweet-mannered Felice- — was hanging on his. arm, wet with rain and mist, and weary in body and mind, dragging her slow footsteps along by his side in perfect silence, with lowered head that he might not see her tear stained eyes. : The young man's heart leaped up within him in a throb of passionate pity at the recollection. Standing oenmu ner av wm fJisvuu, jub luugou jur an opportunity of proving by some gallant dewfehw chivalrous devotion. Thrashing her husband was, how ever, the highest flight of fancy to Which his. knight-errant imagination carried him ; and that Robert Fenton should be her husband was in itself a ttjonstrous and almost incredible fact in Maurice's eyes. For the present, however, Robert le Diable was absent, 'and could be for gotten. But for her marriage, too, this most sympathetic and delightful girl would never have found herself within Stoneroyd's cold, grey walls. And so Maurice was happy — far happier than Felice, who was trying to forget, or thaw old Lady Fenton, to Whom forgetting was impossible. , As to Marcus, he was twelve years older, and less easily satisfied than Maurice, and the thought of to morrow , that fatal twenty-ninth of November, and of all he had missed by the'return of Robert Fenton,- arid by his marriage with this pale, fascin ating personage in pale blue, weighed upon the poet's spirits. Still, with all its drawbacks, this was a gala night at Stoneroyd, when .contrasted with the ordinary monotoii oub quiet of the house. *Eh! but you've cheered the place pop,' exclaimed Louisa'Greet, aa she presented herself at the door of the dressing-room when Felice retired to bed. ' Are you sure ah can't do any thing for yer? Lady Fenton, she's 'avin' a chat with Mr Marcus, so she 'don't want me j ust now. Eh ! but yer do play the pianny wonderful ! Ah luv a toon! myself. Ah wish you was going to stay, moom. We'd take a deal o* cheerin' in this 'ere 'aunted old well.N ' In spite of her rough familiarity, her loud voice; and her unattractive exterior, there was a real kindliness about Louisa's manner, and a genuine ringjp. her . openly- expressed admira tion, which won upon Felice. Besides, I she dreaded to be left alone with the necessarily sad and anxious company of her own thoughts. She therefore smiled upon Louisa, who needed but this encouragement to enter the room, shutting the door behind her. You don't seem very fond of Stone royd,' Felice remarked. Truth to tell, she was not destitute of the quality which is popularly supposed to chiir acteriBe her sex alone, and among the many mysteries of this mysterious house there was one which specially excited her curiosity. ' But what makes you call it haunted ?' she enquired, ~ Louisa brightened visibly at' this opening for gossip. ^ 'You said you/ain't easily frightened or ah .'.wouldn't tell yer,' she. said, mysteriously, coming nearer to Felice. But you've seen them stone quarries, outside ? Don't you never talk of 'em before my lady or Mr Marcus, nor Mr Maurice neither, for he ain't too. fond o'.t' soobject- ' * Seven years ago, just sich a morn-, ing as it might be to-day,misty-like an' cold there were the three yoong gentle-' men all at home— Master Robert, whp'd coom back after his father's death, and Master Marcus, who was ony- here on ... a visit, as a' didn't live at Stoneroyd mooch then, Mad. Master Maurice, as wild as ayppng colt; a great boy, all arms and legs. Then thur wur mj lady, an' Margaret, an' me, an' old Grierly' down to the lodge, and last '- — here Louisa lowered her voice, and glanced once nervously over her shoulder — 'last, there wur young Wed Grierly, his nepfciew— -him that's dead an' they do say murdered.'. ; .'Murdered! ' echoed Felice/ :j-ale with horror;' 'Here?' ! ,a ..= ? Uotside o these ere wails, stitt an stark in the stone quarry on a winter's morning, lying all o' a heap on his hack, wi' bis eyes starin' bop, an', his throat cut from ear to ear. 'Twas old Margaret found him. '_\ She 'ad bad dreams that night, an' couldn't sleep. There's a door in our wall 'ere, close oop again the quarry— our1 back door like, near the kitchen wall ; then copins a lane, and then the quarries. 'On this 'ere morning early, Margaret, cooming down in the gray light, saw the kitchen ddor, as ah myself had locked the night before, open a bit, and the key ah'd left on a nail by the fireplace in the lock. It wasn't six o!clock, an' Margaret wur fair capped. Something seized her like, andtmade her tremble afoor she knew anythink for sure. ' Oot she went, an' found the back door open too. Soomthing took her on, so she said, to the stone quarries. But. when she'd seen it, and coom quiet-like, an told me, ah found myself all the ground across the lane to the edge of the pit crunched oop and trodden down like, as if there'd been a struggle, an' foot- marks all the way. An' ... ah took a spade from our to.ol-house, an' smoothed the foot-marks oot, after ah'd' seen it too.': - ; ' What made '? you do that ?' asked Felice, sharply.; ? .i; ; : .r 'It was after ah'd measured 'em — the boot-marks, -s&h.; mean-^-and found whose feet would fit thev tread that wur there on the earth alongside 6' Ned's.' ;????;? ?? V ?.-?? ''??; \\- ??? ? ? ^Mori DieuV burst from 'Felice's white lips. ' Do you know what y»u are saying— what you are hinting ? You are almost telling me that, some- ' one in this honsehold— someone whom I know, and whom you know, too— as I a murdtrer !' *Eh7 don't take on like that, rr»oom ! ,; That's joost like; me. Ah oughtn't to have told yer. An' when it all cooiti I oot in the newspapers : — ' Mysterious death of a man-servant in a country house near Clofield.' Eh, ah remem ber seein' it as if it wur yesterday It Baid as how nobody had no motive for killing him, an' a' moos t a' killed hisj self.- , . ? ?( . - ' We wur all fetched oop to the in quiry; but. they got never a bit o' truth from Margaret nor me, ah will say that, nor wouldn't, they have, 'fc they'd a' taken us to the stake for if. An* nobody but us knows a word aboofc the young gentlemen's quarrels wi'Ned, who was a rare bad 'un in his way, although a' was ony nineteen or so. But it's ill work fouling a dead man's name. And now his room, that's opposite yours here, is locked oop,! and no one ever speaks of him, and ony old Margaret has seen his ghost for .certain , . .:.-.. .'?.'. ''.:'...., ??...',. .'. . ..::.....:.. 'And . the . enquiry,,, as »they called it, made 'em noon the wiser. For it coom oot that Ned had fits as -a child, an' 'twas brought in suicide, an' ; ooshed oop like. But folks ?talked all* .(. the same, an' there has been nothing but bad luck, bad luck for Stoheroyd erer since ! But there, moom, don't look so dazed like. Cheer oop, moom. All the story was a long while ago; an* ah've nigh forgotten it. And, maybe, you'll change the luck at SfconeroydV Ah'm sure you're bonny cnoof.' Lady Fenton's high, quaTering voice, calling for Louisa in. an impjvT tient,and,as it seemed to Felice, appre herisive key, deprived the latter of any more enlivening discourse on such, appropriate night subjects as murder^, mystery, and disembodied spirits. - Felice was not specially ; nervous or fanciful, but it would be idle to . pretend that Louisa's . dismal gossip, ??? told in this dreary house, and under these unsatisfactory circumstances, did not produce upon her mind a deep and intensely painful impression. For the first time in her. life^, Felice found herself starting and trembling at every trifling sound, and longing, for the morning light to dispel the: nameless fearr which seemed to hover ' in the very air she breathed. Of the terrible inference to be drawn from Louisa's, story, Felice hardly dared to ^think. I Only two concisions/ were possible. Either Ned G-rierley's 'murderer was sleeping this night under- the same roof which had once sheltered his victim; ;or: else she, Felice, 'wis the wifie. '. of a cowardly assassin. . : , . : . ,.' '?,'? ~\ ?In the ghastly light thrown by' Louisa's words, a dozen little incidents which Felice had noted since her arrival at Stoneroyd, began to assume sinister aspects in ^ her; mind;' ' ' '' The stony silence r in which she herself, as Robert's wife, had been at first .received ;. the re'fusal of his mother -to give him- ;; shelter, even for one night, under the same roof as herself, and that half threat of hers to reveal her reaspris|fbr so; doing to his bride ; the fear in Lady Fenton's eyes ; the pity in Maurice's; and Louisa's openly-expressed astonish ment at her marriage; all, theie ?? '?? recollections crowded simultaneously . into Felice's brain with maddening significance. Rest would have been impossible, even without that murmur of talV \ carried on, as it seemed, without intermission for hours long, in the adjoining room. : ; _ Lady Fenton's querulous interrogav ? tiohs, and Louisa's loud-voiced replieg/ constituted a monotonous accompani ment to Felice's fearful imaginings, and when, long after daybreak, sleep at ' length clased jjher eyelids dream* more vaguely horrible than even her .: Waking fancies took their place. ^ . -^ ; The church bells, ringing for morn ? ing service, awoke her to a grey and cheerless day. , / . 'Within and without- the. house the ► same gloom prevailed. Every inmate of it waited in uneasy half-expectation of a visit from ' Robert le Diable,' as Lady Feriton's younger son had been dabbed from his childish days. This trial was, however, spared to them, and the day passed away in groundless suspense. Not until dinner was Marptis visible, and,; as soon as the meal was over, he vanished agairii . to smoke and solitude in his study. His manner towards Felice sugges ted the' same blending of sentiment and courtesy as on the previous day ? but he was absent-minded and mourn-: ? fui. '?? ?'... ??' ' ? ?' , T: ?'. ' The chilly 'dampness of the weather reminded . him, by force of contrast, too clearly of what - he had lost in 'William Fentqri's legacy, with less than a tithe : of which he. might have lived luxuriously for a year in the sunny south. , ? ; ',?????-: 'Matinee, for his. part,, was !,less't cheerful than, usual. ^ He' hadj risen early, as was ;his custom on Sundays, and had spent the greater part of the day in a, long ramble witbTTweedie. ; '?? .Returning late tin the afternoon,, he fonud no sign of life in thejj drawing rdom, or. of dinner m the 'dining room. ;!;/ .^','\ .v:'^,i,,v:.[ i-: ''-';-:'. ??';'???.' ? The company of Marcus i . in one of i his fits /of melancholy self-pity, was not to:Maurice?s taltei^ ? rThe;youri^r ; (. man hl^t:his; pwri -regrj^ts^ n& ; was but .- natural ; where ? such a j (windfall was v . concerned.^ . ;vol ??„?.-.??-' .^^vv; ????:?'.?,?;?.???-. AlsOj the thought that his1 cousin Robert, whose 'very name was' ah offencje, ;^o 'this hotTspirii;ed V '-youth, might, ^appear during the i evening, to make himself generally obnoxious, and; possibly, to itate his wife away with him,; .was ja' ' sufficient damper on Jifaurice's spirits, apart, from any other cause for; depression. ' (To be Continued.)' .: 