LORD EDWARD FITZGERALD. From •'Hotjrb wijeh Great Irishscem/1 BT jtTBTji}.HlTNTI.X M'CARTHT. No. IV.. In tjae finest and. moBt famous of the. speeches of Thomas'.Francis Meagher, the orator appeals to " the ducal palace in this kingdom where the memory of the gallant t and seditious Geraldine enhances more, than royal favor the splendor of, his . race." There is not in the whole history of oratory a finer passage than that from which those words are taken. Demosthenes from his rock-stand beholding ' "unstable Athens heave her storiny seas " beneath him; Cicero defying the menaces of armed men within the sacred precincts of the Senate House > Vergniaud, lending to the passions of the French Revolution a lustre it was destined soon to lose, never uttered a more powerful appeal to the traditions and the emotions of a people than that in which the en thusiast of Young Ireland conjured his hearers and all the world to cast aside the " miserable maxim " of his adversaries. If it were permissible to suggest any possible improvement in such a rush of magnificent and immortal language—and I, for one, am so intense an admirer of Meagher's spieeches that to hint at ahy alteration of thein is scarcely less bold than a Mussulman's pro position to amend the Koran—it might be suggested that there, is a spot more inti mately connected with the "gallant and seditious Geraldine," and more appropriate even than the ducal palace of his race, to point sUch an., appeal; to his countrymen. That spot is the small room in Thomas Street where Lord Edward fought so despe rately against arrest, and where with his capture and subsequent death the last hopes of the United Irishmen were extinguished. A tradition common to many countries is fond of declaring that in places where a great murder has been committed the blood of the victim has stained forever the floor with an ineradicable mark. Thus, in Holy rood the traveller who has come to the foot of Arthur's Seat is shown by his cicerone the darkened corner which is said to have borne ineffaceable testimony of blood ever since the angry daggers of the Scottish gentlemen met in the body of the Italian favorite. Over in Hanover, in the ancient palace of the Guelplis, there is a blood stained spot in the Hall of the Knights where Count Konigsmarck met his death, at the hands, some say, of the dissolute Elector who afterwards became King of England under the title of George the First. The tradition which lingers around the scenes where the feeble Italian music maker and the sinful Swedish adventurer were slaughtered has not been repeated for the gallant and seditious Geraldine. No trace of his brave blood stains the walls where he made his last stand, and where the short struggle raged so fiercely that all the narrow place whs splashed with his life current. But in the mind's eye of the pil grim to that shrine those sordid walls are still reddened and sanctified by the bravest blood that ever yet was offered up in the cause of national liberty. [A grandson of Yeomanry Captain Ryan, who was chiefly instrumental in effecting the capture of Lord Edward, who died of the wounds received in the struggle with the Geraldine, objects to the description given of the event in Froude's " English in Ireland," which exaggerates the importance of the part taken by Major Swan in the cap ture. Mr. Murphy's account of the arrest goes to confirm Mr. Eyan's case.] "On the night of Friday, May 18, 1708, Lord Edward eahic to my house (lo3, Thomas Street) at about seven o'clock. On Saturday, May 19, I went to Lord Edward's sleeping room, and found he was in bed. I was not in the room three minutes when in came Major Swan and a person following him, in a soldier's jacket and a sword in his hand. When I saw Major Swan I was thunderstruck. He looked over me and saw Lord Edward in bed. He pushed by me quickly, and Lord Edward seeing him, sprang up instantly, like a tiger, and drew a dagger, which he carried about biin, and wounded Major Swan slightly. Major Swan b&d; a pistol in his waistcoat pocket, which he fired witliout effect. He inunediat^ituiped to: pie and gave me a severe thrust of the pistol^ under cyft pt the some time desiring the per 'sou'who came 'with' him to tike me into custody. I was immediately taken away to the yard; there l eawMajor Sirr and about six sdmera pf the F^tibles., Major Spr£a Had. thought proper to run as fast as he could to the street. Mr. Byan supplied .?jor ®w*?s+®l®i?e, rbe came in contact with Iionl - BdVard,' and Ma wounded s^?W8ly. Major, Sirr at .ftajb .time came upsthlrs, and keeping it hMpeO&bledis; tancCj fired a pistol at Lordf Edward: in a very deliberate manner, and wounded him in the shoulder. Reinforcements coming in, Lord ,-Edward tm-rendered, after a verv hard struggle.' R^anTived for about a for£ nigbt pfter. Lord Edward died <of hj8 wounds oh June 1,1798." ' c , I have dealt at so much length with Mr. Ryan's, case • because, as I said, agcipacy even in the ipiiall del ails ofagreat eveatjis of importance alike tio the historian and to : the^atudent of history. The hitter are inaeb^ij Ml"-, Fit^trj^'forhat- i ihg'vrith great pains asdo^incd denhiMy. that the betrajer of Lord Ud^ard' Fitz In the isiSne - way; ami to give completeness to e«^sp<4Rt,iO^ the gtifet ti-ageay of/ ninety eightifa cenxrin intetest doesattach to the name of the mdividufilwhcfWasinitrumen talin effecting the capture df' LbldEdward Fitzgerald.. Yeomanry Captain Ryan seems to have performed an office which certainly cannot dhdear his memory to Irishmen with a couragein which the two chief instru ments of the raid were lacking, and he sacrificed his life , in the discharge of his task. The establishment of Yeomanry Captain Ryan's right to recognition as the chief actor in the tragedy has at: least the effect of adding a slightly darker stain to • the memories of Sirr and Swan. I must at the same time confess that I fail to appre ciate the daairfe of any man to be associated with the arrest of Lord Edward Fitzgerald; but it is the part of the chronicler to accept facts and to be glad of accuracy, even in matters of comparative insignificance. The whole range of Irish historical litera ture cam hardly afford a more delight ful or a more melancholy volume then Thomas Moore's " Memoirs of Lord iJdward Fitzgerald." Written on that principle which governs all the best bio graphies, it tells its 1 story largely in the words of its own hero, and where these most inevitably are wanting it calls in the aid of contemporaries to fill the void. Thus the book, has in it a great measure all the inde finable charm which must belong to auto biography, and where this is missing we get from the letters and writings of those who were themselves actors in or spectators of the age that realistic impression which is the highest quality of history. In Moore's fascinating pages the wild, checkered, heroic life loses nothing by being recorded by a poet's pen. From the first page to the last the fortunes of the greatest of the Fitzgeralds are followed with the apprecia tive sympathy of a man of genius for a man of genius. The eager boy fed his spirit with all the details of the military art, and lie writes joyously to the mother who was so long the dearest confidante of all his thoughts, hopes, and ambitions about "a very pretty survey of the fields round the Garronne " which he has made. " I have tited ybii now pretty well by my boastings," he adds, simply, "but you know I have al ways rather a good opinion of whatever I do." While still very young he joined the army and entered upon the career of adven ture which was destined to end so tragically while still in the flower of his age. His life for some years ran much on those two themes of war and love, which are popularly supposed to be the chief emotions of a soldier's mind. All sorts of fair women flit across the pages of his letters to his mother. Shadowy presences to us, dim ghosts of those last century beauties who fired the warm heart and chivalrous soul of the young Geraldine! Miss Sandford, "the charming girl, very pretty, with a great deal of wit, and very sensible and good humored," appears early in his correspon dence. "If I had had time," he declares, " I should have fallen desperately in love with her." Then came the American War and his own brave deeds. Some years later be is convinced "that he is devoted to the Lady Catherine Mead, Lord Clanwilliam's daughter, who afterwards marries Lord Powerscourt; and of the fair Kate he writes very sweetly and sadly to the invariable recipient of all his confidences and all his joys and sorrows, liis mother. " Ppetty dear Kate" is, however, gradually oblitera ted from his memory by another passion which influenced him profoundly, but in which he was doomed to disappointment. He sought absence and forgetfulness in America, where he became a member of the Bear tribe of Indians, through the good graces of the Chief of the Six Nations. But it took him long enough to be cured of this heart's sorrow. The tragic story which Madame de Genlis tells of the unhappy ad miration which Lord Edward's youth and wit, courage and manly Wearing, arbhsed in the beautiful wife of Richard Brinsley Sheridan would happily appear to be with out foundation. That he was a friend and sincere admirer of Mrs. Sheridan was natu ral, and the close resemblance which the woman lie finally married, the fair Pamela, bore to Mrs. Sheridan was the chief cause, no doubt, of the legend. It was in Paris that Lord Edward first met Pamela, in Moore's words, " the adopted, or, as may now be said without scruple, actual daugh ter of Madame de Genlis by the Duke of Orleans." Paris was full of excitement to Lord Edward. The revolutionary, fever was at its height, and carried away by it, Lord. Edward solemnly renounced his title at a Republican banquet, and insisted upon being addressed as citizen Edward Fitz gerald. This and his marriage to a daugh ter of. Phillipe Egalite roused English anger, and Lord Edward was temoved from the roll of the British Army. Then came his life in Dublin, his impassioned cham pionship of his oppressed country, his adhe sion to the United Ii'ishmen. his plans for a revolution, which but for the machinations of traitors, promised every chance of suc cess, and, finally; the fight in Thoifias Street, the death in prison,'and the grave in St. Werbttrgh's churchyard., Another IriBhrn&fi;, no less gallant, ho less devoted to the cause for which he, too, Was deStiiied to be no less a martyr, Theobald Wolfe Tone, Wrote:—" I . knew litzgerald very little, but I honor and venerate htB chMaeter, which he has uniformly sustained andin this last instance illustrated. His career is finished -gloriously for himself, and what ever be .th^^JV^nfe, his, memory wj^I live for ever in *&e;" neart of every Honest Irish man." .. fi bt the Duke qf_ i story Of tbe greatest of ,the Irish iNm^'fahmies. What a tolgHty part it oifife played in Ireland—what a poor- one now! says United Ireland. The late duke was a good man. He Hved among the peo ple from whom his, income was drawn, and encouraged every local effort made to Im prove their conditipn; and he took a deep interest in Irish archaeology. He was, how ever, opposed to the bulk of the nation in its political aspirations, andoneofhis last public acts wan to vote against the Home Bule Bill in the House of Lords. It was not always thus with the Geraldine, though as Davis sung, 'tis true that by "lawless force as conquerors their Irish race began" —no, net alway s— These Geraldines 1 these Geraldines;—hot long our air they breathed; Not long they fed on venison, in Irish water seethed; Not often bad their children been by Irish mothers nursed; When from their full and genial hearts an Irish.feeling burst! The English monarchs strove in vain, by law, and force, and bribe, To win from Irish thoughts and ways this " more than Irish " tribe ; For still they clung to fosterage, to Brehon> cloak, and bard: What king dare say to Geraldine, " your Irish wife discard ?" Ye Geraldines! ye Geraldines !—how royal ly ye reigned O'er Desmond broad, and rich Kildare, and English hearts disdained: Your sword made knights, your banner waved, free was your bugle call By Glyn's green slopes, and Dingle's tide from Barrow's banks to Youghal. What gorgeous shrines, what Brehon lore, what minstrel feasts there Were In and around Maynooth's broad keep, and palace-filled Adare! But not for rite or feast ye stayed, when friend or kin were pressed; And foemen fled, when Crom Abu bespoke your lance in rest. Ye Geraldines! ye Geraldines!—since Silken Thomas flung King Henry's sword on council board, the English thanes among, Ye never ceased to battle brave against the English sway, Though axe, and brand, and treachery, your proudest cut away. Of Desmond's blood, through woman's veins passed on tli' exhausted tide; His title lives—a Saxon churl usurps the lion's hide; And, though Kildare tower haughtily, there's ruin at the root, Else why, since Edward fell to earth, had such a tree no fruit ? True Geraldines! brave Geraldines!—as tor rents mould the earth, You channelled deep old Ireland's heart by constancy and worth: When Ginckle 'leaguered Limerick, the Irish soldiers gazed To see if in the setting sun dead Desmond's baimer blazed ? And still it is the peasant's hope upon the Cerragh's mere, " They live, who'll see ten thousand men with good Lord Edward here "— So let them dream till brighter days, when, not by Edward's shade, But by some leader true as he, their lines shall be arrayed! There is a Lord Edward Fitzgerald again, by-the-way, the youngest child of the late duke. Let us hope that when he grows up he will prove himself worthy of that cherished name.] 