THE ALCAZAR. Tho Victoria Hall was rcopeuod. on Saturday night as the Alcazar Vaudeville, under the directorship of Mr. W. H. Speed, who has just concluded a sucoosfiful season at the Gaiety Theatre. Owing to tho numerous eountcr at- tractions in tho oity, and also no doubt to some extent to the chango made in the name of tho hall, the attendance was not satisfactory. Messrs. Charles Pope and Irving Sayles wero tho most prominent features of the show, and the reception accorded to them and to Messrs. Speed, Lyndon and Wallace King, all of whom are pretty well known to Molbourno audiences, augers well for the success of the new venture to represent the nations of tho world Mr. W. H. Speed had to respond to an encore for his rendition of Tho Mighty Deep, as also did Miss Lillie Octavia, who sang Zanita with inuoh. feeling, and Mr. Olarence Lyndon. Mossrs. Pope ami Sayles could not satisfy the audienoe, who howled for more After having brought the pair out at least a half-dozen times. In the second portion of the programme, Miss Amy Sherwood danced and sang most effectively, Miss Evelyn Harte contributed two pretty numbers, nnd Mr. Fred Morris gave an amusing burlesque skating act. A tasteful song and danoo, in which tho Misses Stewart and Davenport, and Messrs. Lyndon and Rockley took part, pleased the audience immensely ; aud tho curtain was rung down on a farclal absurdity entitled Tho Whistler. Tho manogomont has gone to con siderable oxnonse in the matter of costumes, mounting, ko. There is to be a chango of programme every Saturday night during the season, with a concert of sacred and olassioa! music on Sunday flight. A large audience was attracted to the Opera House on Saturday night by the holiday pro- gramme presented by tho Alhambra Palace of Varieties, and the performance went smoothly from start to finish. Mr. Will Whitburn con tinues to maintain his popularity with the patrons of the theatre, and ho had to respond to soveral encores for hid original humorous songs. Miss Alma Oliruy mudo Uorself a warm favorite with tho audience by the amount of spirit sho infused into the rendering of a tuneful medley entitled Mixtures. Mr. Dave Gardner as usual provided an abundance of tho comio eioment; and Messrs. J. Wadley and Alf. Holland were successful in a couple pf well ohosen ballads. Mr. Eddie Simpson, the busi ness managor of the concern, made his re appearance In the second part of the show, and reoeived a very cordial reception. The Boris Brothers, Messrs. Kohlman, Gardner and W. G. Lester upnoarod to Advantago in numbers particularly their own ; and tho entertainment oonoludod with a very laughable absurdity, The Ghost in the Pawnshop, in whioh Mossrs. Will Whitburn, Dave Gardner and Alf. Holland took part. The Shaugliraun 'was produced .for the last time by Dan Barry'a Dramatio Company At tho Alexandra Theatre on- Saturday night, when the popular parts of the house were crowded. To-night, it is announced, the company will stage the latest, dramatised vorsion of Mrs, Stowo's ovcrgreen story, Undo Tom's Cabin. Tho Roenery, mounting and general get up of the pleoo are announced as of exceptional interest. The third end last of the Easter Festival Con certs, nt the Exhibition, will take place this ovoning, when Mcssr. Kowslfiki, Staell and Oharlos Saunders will appear for tlie last time. A specially attractive) programme has been arranged by Mr. Turner for this occa sion. M. Kowalski will play Chopin's Polonaise in A flat, nud Prudouts Dance of Favius. Mr. Ghat in Saunders will sing My Queen and Tim Death of Nolson, and M. Henri Staell will play the violin solos Logendo and Tarantollo, by Wienawslcl, and Fantasia, from Moiso, for the fourth string, arranged by Pagauini. A feature in tho programme wilt be Twenty Minutes at Chicago, illustrated with somo now viows, by Mr. Alex. Gunn. Mr. Otto Linden, who has for years been as sociated with the cause of musio in Melbourne, is about to take up his rosidenoo at Hobart, and a farcweil benefit concert is to bo tendered to him at tlie Athcmeum on Thursday next. Tho list of artists who havo volunteered their services on tho occasion includes Madame Wiodomann, Madame Steinhauer, Madame Christian, Madame Houyet Howard and Miss Ada CrosBley— tho last named lady having been pro- vAilod upon to tnako one final appearance hero before leaving Australia — anil Messrs. Himmor, Hurtling. G. E. Howaid, Latino Soherek, Ernest Wood, L. Richardson, II. Schroder and E. Juser, while tho Choral Har monic nnd South Yarra musioal societies and tho choir of St. Mary's, East St. Kilda, will also contribute to the programme. Tiif box plan will open, at Nicholson's to-morrow morning. vWo are requested to stato that Miss Ada Cros.dey has been prevailed upon to mnko one final appoaranco hero boforo leaving Melbourne, and that sho will sing at the bonefit ooucert to be tendered to Mr. Otto Lindon at the Athcmomn next Thmsdny. Miss Ada Crossley will loavo Molbourne on Monday next, 2nd April, by tho Adelaide ex press to catch tho Orizaba at Adelaide, Mom- born of tho Melbourne Liodortafcl will serenade her prior to tho departure of tho train. The People's Concerts were continued in tho Temperance Hall, Rnssell-Htroot, on Saturday evening, bufore an excellent attendance. Tho Combination Sorenadors contributed a iniustrol entertainment, which wan well received. The suoond part consisted of a nntnhor of variety items, the principal of which wore the comio songs by Mr. Geo. Burnous, the burlesque luctu- rette by Horace Bont, and the acrobatic fasts by the Duraut Brothers. On Saturday aftornoon a largo number of people visited the Aquarium at the Exhibition building, aud in the attractions exhibited, in cluding the picture salons, museum, cyclorarna of Melbourne in 1842, the Egyptian tomb and nborigin&i; camp, inuoh interest was maui- festod. Both Tho Jerusalem and Siege of Paris eycloramas were numerously visited on Saturday afternoon and evqning. An addi tional source of attraction at the former is a consignment of bond jidc Jordan water whioh was nocompautod out to tho oolony by a consular certificate. On Saturday afternoon next, in tho Town Hall, at 3 p.rni, Professor Marshall Hall will con duct the first of a new series of Orchestral Con certs. The programme, which isospecially interest ing, is ns follows : — Haydn's Clock Symphony ; an Idyll, one of the conductor's most recent compositions ; the first scene Lorn the second not of Wagner's Tannhaiiser, in whioh Madame Wiedemann will take tho solo part; and the overture to Oboron (Weber). 