THE YOUNG FOLKS. Two-tailed Timothy. A Fascii'cl Siosr. Timothy was a lizard with two-tails. They had the appearance of a fork; and, because no other lizards who lived along the castle wall could boast of more than one tail, Timothy was exceedingly proud of himself. He could not run any faster than his com panions, or catch flies in a more elegant way, but because of his tails he gave himself such airs that really it was almost past endurance. The lizards who lived in the ivy on the wall grow tired of Two-tailed Timothy. As a curiosity he was all very well, and stuffed and put in a museum he would have been delight tul; but as it wa3 they iound Timothy, with his airs and graces, rather too much for their nerves. One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a birthday party on the sunny sido of the wall, and everybody who was iu society went to it, including Timothy. At this party the lizards, nimble as they were, got caught; about half-a dozen escaped, but the rest wore captured in a net by two English boys who had been prowling about the old wall for some time. Some of the lizards were 30 frightened that their tails dropped off. The boys examined thoir unfortunate cap tives, and one of them cried with astonish “Look at that fellow, Jack; why, if he hasn't got two tails! We’ll kesp him, won’t “So ha has!” exclaimed the other boy; “ that's a queer thing! And look here, Fred, this one’s a fine one ; let’s keep the twe and throw the others away.” [ “ All right,” said Jack; nnd away went the rest of the lizards, some with tails and some without, hut all delighted to get off any. Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put iu a kind of cage which the boys constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves. ' The Patriarch wept because he felt that it ! was hard, at his time of life, to be caught by!a couple of boys : and Timothy pined for the joys of liberty, the sunny wall, and the jniev flies that were no longor within reach of a snap.' Alas ! his tails had been his undoing. Without them he might have passed unnoticed, and been again a free and happy lizard. The Patriarch was fond of lecturing young < people, and telling them what he did at their i age, but, as the juvenile lizarda could run faster than he could, it was not often that he could make them attend to him. But now i pose thatTtTne «u<fwretched ; positively limp, without energy enough felt to simp up a fly. The boys said he was sulky, and tried to make him lively by poking him with hits of stick, which did not, however, have the i deBired effect. Timothy sat all day long in a comer of the cage, and even his cherished tails ceased to give I him the slightest pleasure. At last the Patriarch, who had been poking about the premisee byway of amusing himself, took pity upon his dejected fellow-sufferer.' He went briskly up to him as he sat in his corner and gave him a good thump. “ You ought to he ashamed to sit moping there, a young fellow like you!" cried the old gentleman. “Getaway!” said Timothy sulkily. “You ought to he ashamed of yourself,” pro eeded the Patriarch, “when there is a hole at the back of the cage that a thin lizard—mark me a thin slender lizard—might crawl through ata pinch.” “ What 1” cried Timothy, springing up, “ a hole ? Did you say a hole 1” “ I did mention the word hole,” replied the Patriarch, marching off : “ it is a hole that’s of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will give it to you. You can „et through, unless those ridiculous tails stop ^ Timothy’s heart fell whan he discovered how extremely small was the hole in question ; yet a desperate longing for liberty took possession of him. He went to hi3 companion and told his difficulty ; his tails were in the way. “ Bite them off,then!" returned the Patri arch, with cruel calmness. Timothy shivered; never could ho adopt such a terrible remedy, and ho timidly asked whether there were no other way. “Well, there is one other method,” ad mitted the Patriarch. “ Supposing you could bo well frightened, your tails—perhaps one, perhaps both—might drop off. You recollect what happened to our frfeuds the day we were caught f” Yes, Timothy, with, a thrill of hope, remem bered the louse, wriggling tails; and he sat down meekly by the Patriarch, and aaked him to be so good as to frighten him well. “I don’t mind trying,” answered the latter, kindly ; and he began to relate the most start ling taleB he could think of, while Timothy [ tried as hard as he could to ho frightened. The Patriarch talked and talked, but the i lizard’s tails showed no signs of alarm; they | > were moat hardened, obstinate tails! Then the i dusk fell, and the Patriarch > took to ghost i stories. His voice got lower and lower, and drowsier and drowsier, the old gentleman i seemed dropping oft to sleep. “And so the four-and-twenty white-Bheeted . figures went one by one out of the barn,” he , mumbled; “andtnelastone—turned—round— ’ and—eaid—Bo!” This the Patriarch positively shouted, making. ; a sudden spring at Timothy with gleaming ‘ eyes. The young lizard was so taken by sur > prise that he jumped up in the air, and, joy, : joy! his taflB dropped off! 1 “Ah!” said Ins companion, “i thought I should manage to frighten you somehow. Now t be off, my young friend, and mind yon recol lect all the good advice I have given you.” " Timothy scampered to the hole, squeezed ’ himself through; then away he went, a. free, ’ though tailless, lizard. In course of time hia tails grew again, and eveu longer and more \- elegantly taper than before; .whereat Timothy 8 rejoiced exceedingly, but was kept humble by • the remembrance of his' former calamity. ■ He 8 lived to a good old age, and was always re f g&rded; bv everybody as one of the curiosities oi r the neighborhood.—Sheila, in " Little Folks,” 