LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION. TWELFTH OF JULY CELEBRATION. The 12th of July celebration in connection with the Grand Lodge of Queensland, Loyal Orange Institution, took place last evening in the Protestant Hall. A tea-meeting was held at half-past 2 o'clock, and at 8 o'clock the hall was crowded on the occasion of a concert and public meeting. The chair was occupied by the Worthy Grand Master, Mr. C. J. W. South; who was supported on the platform by the officers of the Grand Lodge and others. The CHAIRMAN, in the course of his address, said that throughout almost all portions of the world there were similar gatherings to the one in which they were engaged that night. He wished to say a few words in explanation of the existence of Orangeism. He believed that no society was more misunderstood than the Loyal Orange Institution. There were harder and unkind things said about the Orange Society than any other organisation, and he thought that the criticisms passed upon it were so passed because people would not take the trouble to find out what was really meant by Orangeism. (Cheers.) What, then, was the Orange Institution ? It was a loyal institution having for its foundation, first of all, loyalty to God, and next to that loyalty to the Throne of England in the person of the Queen and her successors. Orangemen demanded freedom for all classes, of whatever religion they might be. It was not perhaps generally known that they as Orangemen were in accord with many of the principles laid down by the Roman Catholic Church. They believed, as did the Roman Catholics, in the existence of God and in Jesus Christ as his Son. They did not believe in prayer to the Virgin Mary, but they did believe in the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Trinity. They, as Orangemen, believed with their Roman Catholic friends that inter marriages were very injurious, and that seldom, if ever, happiness resulted from such marriages. They believed also with the Roman Catholics that it was necessary to combine to secure the return to Parliament of such men as they considered highly moral and proper for such a position. Some of their friends who belonged to His Roman Catholic Church denied that they (the Roman Catholics did so, but he was sure that if the Orangemen could only take a leaf out of the Roman Catholics' book, and work as carefully and well as they did, they would have more success at election times than they now had. Cardinal Moran stated the other day that the Roman Catholic Church was a united body, whereas the Protestant Church was cut up into many sections. The Protestant Church was not united in the matter of politics, because the Protestants considered it was not the duty of their ministers to indicate from the pulpit or elsewhere what the congregations were to do as regarded political questions. Therefore it was necessary that an institution should be formed of Protestants from all Churches, who could combine on the political questions which were brought before the public. (Cheers.) Suoaati. organisation was the Loyal Orange Institution. (Cheers.) That night, as the head of the Orange institution in Queensland and for the present, by virtue of an office which he held, the head of the Orange Institution of Australasia (for its chief officer was now in Canada), he would say that no Orangeman-he did not care who he was- who lived up to the obligations he had taken upon himself could be a Socialist, and certainly no Orangeman could be an Anarchist. (Cheers.) Certain people were calling cut for a change in the form of government. These people were of opinion that the present form of government was wrong, and he agreed with them that injustices had been done in the past; he agreed with them that at the present time great wrongs were being done, but although that was true Orangemen were not prepared to say what some of these people were saying, that they would bring about a change honestly if they could, but if not, they would bring it about somehow. Orangemen would never assist them to do that. As Orangemen, they were met that evening to commemorate the great battle fought for freedom. They claimed for themselves the freedom their forefathers purchased for them and for others. They as Orangemen were prepared to give to others, whether employee or employer, rich or poor, all they asked for themselves. As an institution they were prepared to give their assistance in preventing any law being passed to compel any labourer to work for any given wage, as they believed that the labourer had a perfect right to fix the value of his labour ; but they were at the same time prepared to give the same freedom to the employer to say what wage he would pay to the men he employed. That was what Orangemen believed by freedom of contract. No Orange-. man would turn round and say that because he could not get a certain wage he would destroy any man's goods. The freedom given to the people of Australia -the freest land under the sun was never intended to mean lawlessness Bach as was heard of now in many parts of the country. He held that the Bible did not teach Socialism, as some people contended, and that the doctrine of equality was certainly not taught in the Scriptures. Did they, he asked, consider as their equals many of the people by whom they were surrounded ? Was the men who stabbed President Carnot to the death their equal? Did they consider the members of the society who instigated that murder their equals ? He repeated that no Orangeman could be an I Anarchist. What was an Anarchist ? . So far as he could make out an Anarchist was one who was prepared to destroy an author of confusion-and by the actions of the Anarchists, that was evidently correct. Orangemen had taken obligations that above all things their society should be one of law and order. (Cheers.) As Orangemen he asked them to endeavour to get repealed the law which prohibited Orange processions except on Sundays, or curiously enough, on the day of a general election. The Rev. W. H. HOWARD also gave a short address. The concert programme was taken part in by the Trade Quartette, Misses Slaughter, M. Glenny (violinist), and Ward, Messrs. Gibbon, Aplin, and M'Phail and was well sustained. Mr, S G. Benson was the accompanist. During the evening the members of the institution, including several ladies, marched in processional order round the ball. 