, y _____ .1, | $Zy Little Neighbour. "j a stormy June day. How steadily the ralu fell and how tho wind moaned. But any ono looking into our cheerful sitting- room muBt havo forgotten tho stata of tbo weather, for a bright fire ensppod and arnakled in the grate, and Clniro Wileoa wae seated on the hearth-rng just at my foot with a gray kitten iu her arms. Olairo'a happy face mndo sunshine all about. 'Hor doll was olceping upon my hnco while 1 busily worked at a pink party dross for Miss Miriam Yollowtreea ; quite a long name for a rather small doll : ie took Olairo three days to think of it. You sea Mies Miriam Yellowtrcsa hnd been invited to a dollo' party, n&d; so Olairo, my littlo next door neighbor, had oome in to talk it all over with mo. " And Ebo ehall wear her blue ailk dross with the bine eash again," announced Olairo, smoothing her doll'a cnrla tenderly. " She ought to have another party dress," I said. " How would pink silk do?" " Boiutitul 1 It would just cuither obeeks, Mies May," oried Clcico. " Well, sho ahall havo one of that colour, then, and I'll make it for her." I ran away for tho material, whiah Olaire prononnced " just lovely." " It's a piece of ouo of my danoing- sohool dreesos — I wore it when I was not mttoh bigger than 70U are, Claire," I said. " And now dolly munt bo measured." And so ebo wae, and tho drees ones fairly started pro gressed rapidly. M'Ibo Miriam Yellowtrooa dozed before the fire, Olaire bugged her kitten npon tho boasth-rug and chatted blithely to mo as I reeked and hommod and at length finished the simplo trained ekirt. Then the tiny waist wan uomnienaod, and Olairo, growing restless, oommcnaod dancing about tho room and singing, or paused to lean against my ohair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my eheek, " Shall I read you a story, Miss May 7" asked Olaire. " Yet, pet, do," I said. So she ohose 11 book from the eentre table and ourlcd herself up on the rug .at my feet again. Now Olaire is six yearn old, and can road very wall il sho takes time to pnzzlo the long words out. This time she never scorned to notice whether the words were long or short. Tho title ot tho book she held was "Longfellow's Poems," and this is Olaire's story : " Onoe there was a little girl who went to sohoal every day, almost, but onco In a while, when it atormod, her momma wonld give her a holiday. She almost always apont tho holiday with a young lady who lived next door to her. Olaire— I mean the littla girl— loved this young lady, oh, very, very mnehl" Here Olaire caught my hand and gave it a ' warm squeeze. ! " A lovoly bird sang all day long in the j window of Mies May's sitting-room, ana gold-fiah swam forevor in a globs. The 1 flowers looked so pretty that grow in a long box in tho window. Onoe I carried a bunoh I home that Miss May bed given me, and tbey I wore eo ewoet every one wanted to know 1 whore thoy eamo from, and I told them, and ' Uncle Wilbur took ono and gave me a large orange for it." " Now, Olairo," I oried, " yon are jest making all that up I" " No, it's all true— it's a true story," said Olairo, oarnestiy ; then she said, " There's a niee kitty at Miaa May'e ; it will come to me when I oall it— it hasn't any name bnt kitty. I think it ought to have a nnmo be sides that." " You can give it one now, it you want to," I said. "Ob, oan I?" oried Olairo, so joyously that any one might have faneiod I had jnst mado her a present of five ponnds. " Well, would Minn it do for a name ? No — it would take too long to call— something short, Let me eoe. Fan — 1 don't 'zaotly fikq. that— oh, /know I . . Let'p call her Pinky. Pinky, dear, ounning Pinky, took up l" To Claire's delight, tho kitten raised hoc little gray bead and looked up, " She liken her name; she almost laughed, aim's so plensod I" cried Olare, excitedly. Then, after petting pues a few moments, she pioked up her book and went on with her story " Miss May and 1 go to the'same ohuroh ; she teaches me in the Sunday sehool; tfaera are tour other girls in the alaBS and oaoh one wants to sit by Miss May, so we havo 10 take turns at it. Christmas Miss May gave me a must beautiful book with a greon and gold oover, and a plotare with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in his arms. I 'read the book Sundays. Then one day when I was np in Miss May's, room, she oponcd « in tcr dcziz 22d 220 5 ?ov'v gold ponail. I often wear it aronnd my neok -by a ribbon. Unale Wilbur has a splendid horse that hp calls Sultan ; sometimes he takes mo out for a drive on his tail oart — be often takes Miss May oat. My doll is going to a grand party next week ; bub will wear a pink ailk drers, and her first train — it's going to look beautifal, end after tho party I'm going to tell Mies May all abont it. Miss May is making tho dress ; she is aittiDg near me, and hor oheoks are aa rod as roses. I think ohe Bits too near the fir o, tor her oheeks arc hardly ever so red." " It >b warm," murmured Mise May. " Next summer wo aro going to have a cottage by the soaahore. I shall dig with olam-shelU in the sand every day and bnild forts. Miss May isn't sewing now eha'ti rooking hei- Bell to and fro, and so I'll stop reading.1' Then Olaire and I proceeded to array Miss Miriam in the party dress that I had jast oompleted ; it set of? her blonde lovolineesto perfedtion, and eho looked so faeoinating that we felt compelled to kise her for being so pretty, Indeod, Olairo was so plessed that she clapped her hands with delight, and then pranced all aronnd tho room, finally springing into my arms and nearly omotnsring mo with kiaees. Then MieB Yollowcreas was taken into the next room to mamma, I could hear Olaire's eager voioo explaining end .admiring it nil, and'mamma'a oommonts ; and then back the little girl onmp fluttering to my Bide like a bird. Miriam Yellowtrees wae laid npon the table, and then, without so muoh as " by your leave," Oluire sprang into my arma and dropped her golden head upon my shoulder. " Now it's my tarn ; Mies Miriam Yellow- tress has bad you for a long timo. ' Tell ue a story, Mica May, please." So I told her about tha day that kitty wae brought to my door in a little basket— a pre sent from a cousin of mine who was going South for the winter. ( told her how strange kitty felt at first, and mewad and mowed, and even eeratehed ma when I took her up in my arms and tried to comfort her. But kitty and I were now the bust of friends, and she had forgotton to feol lonely. . Then we went to tho window and looked out ot the rairi. It daohed againat Ilia win dow-pane, and tho wind shook tho trees until tboy swavod and bent before the blast, as though trembling and afraid of its fury. The sky was lowering ; come of tho olouda were of an inky blaokncsB. Wo sat there nntil twilight cams on, and still it rained. ' Don't you feol awloliy lonely, Miss May?" aid Claire, " I do. I liko to tool so soma- times." "What a fanny ohild you aro I" I eaid. "How o.in you liko to foel lonely, petV" " Well, solemn, thou. Do toil me u ghost story pleasu.". "Not I, eweothoart. Besides, I don't know ono to toll, .no I never road them. Take my advise, Olairo— mover listen to ghost etoricn ; you may laugh at thom in broad daylight, but when yon awake at night thoy will seem vory different." A storm of wind ehook tho casement ; hail wob mingled with tbn role. Thon mamma entered tbo room and oxaieimcd : " Why, how cUomiil yoa both look sitting thoro in tha dark with you arms aronnd oaoh other like the babes In the wood." The aheory voice broka tha spall ; wo left the storm to take earn of itself. I lighted the lamp with lie amber-tinted globo, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed np ohsor- fully, drew the oriuson curtains together,. «nd»hi« » innmaat.anr dusk.'..Mom waa tfdheformed. How delieiously cosy nnS comfortable it Beotnod I CJairo and I had marry time— a gay, good time— until sow one oame to toko toy little friead away Iran; me. And the dolls' party ? Oh, il woe a grab! suoocss, and, beet of all, Mias YellowiKHl was the belle ot tho bill. 