PROGRESS OF CHRISTIAN MISSIONS. There was a largo attendance 011 Sun day morning last at the Xtyrie-street Presbyterian Cliurcli when the Rev. A. Davidson delivered a discourse on the above .subject, which was full of interest ing facts and figures. The text was taken from St. Matthew's gospel, chapter xxviii., verse 10, " Go ye and' umbo disciples of all nations,baptising them in to the naiue of the Father aud of tho Son and of the Holy Ghost." These wore the marching orders given by Christ to His followers, and it was an important ques tion " How had the Christian church' been obeying these orders, nnd what success had attended their campaign ?" When Christ spoke these words "there were 500 of his followers gathered to gether in a convention in Galilee. How had those 500 multiplied. The acta of tho apostles told them how those first Christians had fulfilled the great com mission. The fact that wo of tho Anglo Saxon race were now living in the light and joy of Christianity was due to tho diligence with which early Christians had preached the gospel throughout the old Roman empire. It was a most interest ing story, that of the progress of the gospel from early days until now. But they would come down at onee to tho 19th century, which was somewhat like the ISth century for its great missionary activity. Tho church of Christ had during this century come hack to something like apostolic zeal in spread ing the gospel, nnd there had been a renewal both of the efforts and results of Pentecostal days. It was just 100 years since the great revival of missionary interest and effort had begun. ■ In 1792 "Wm. Carey had preached a sermon in Nottingham, England, which led to the formation of a society for the propaga tion of the gospel among the heathen. That society afterwards sent forth Carey himself as its missionary to India. He thus became the " father and founder of modem missions," and the forerunner of the thousands of workers who are now laboring for the conversion of the heathen. The same society, at it's first meeting, made a collection of £13 odd for mission purposes, and that had now increased to an annual sum of two and a half millions now being contributed by British and American Christians for tho spread of tho gospel. Though that seemed a large annual expenditure, it was as nothing to the wealth of the nations that spent it, and was hut a very small fraction of tho amount which was spent by the same nations on strong drink. A hundred years ago there wero hut fifty versions of the scripture, now there were nearly 300. A century ago a little hand of missionaries were struggling with heathenism in the South Seas, now thousands of laborers went forth to hea then lands, and six times as many native converts had boon raised up from among tho heathens themselves to preach to their fellow countrymen the unsearch able riches of Christ. India bad a very special interest for us, because its people wero our fellow subjects. Dike Australia, India was a part of the British empire. "When Carey went to India, evangelical Christianity was represented by one feeble mission with a few thousand converts. Now there wero 40 missionary societies of all nations and denomina tions represented in the Indian field, with 1000 orduined missionaries, 70 medical missionaries and 750 women workers. A million of Christian adherents had been gathered, and last year nlone the converts numbered 24,000. During the last 10 years the increase in converts had been u hundred and forty-one per cent. Sixty translations of tho Bible into Indian languages and dialects had issued from the Christian press in India, and millions of tracts were being scattered annually. Christian women were doing noble work nmong the women of India. A learned Hindu had 6aid that he feared the in fluence of our doctors and our women, lest they should undermine Hinduism altogether. Tho preacher then told of a remarkable mass movement among the Tolugu people in the Madras presidency, 10,01)0 of whom had been converted to Christianity in 10 months, and had now increased to between 30,000 and 40,000. Similar successes had attended mission work among the Karen tribes of Burmah. In 1813 Judsonhad broken ground there. The first convert was not made till 182S, hut that one had now grown to 200,000, with 500 self-supporting churches of their own. Much had been done in our Indian empire in Christian work, hut much yet reuinincd to he done among its 250 mil lions of inhabitants. Clnna next came under the preacher's review as another great stronghold of heathenism. The preparatory work of modern missions in China had been done by Dr Morrison, who began to translate the Bible into Chinese in 1S07. He had been followed by a noble band of men, who labored in faith against much discouragement. Milne, Burns, Gutzlaff, Modhurst and Logge were among the pioneers of gospel work in China. It was hard soil to cul tivate for Christ. But nothing was too hard for the Lord, and some remarkable results had been gathered. The preacher here told of an early Chinese convert, Ho Tsun Shoou, who became not only an ardent Christian hut a most eloquent and powerful preacher of the gospel to his countrymen. A great army of mission aries were now at work in China. Their Presbyterian church had borne a worthy part in the work, especially along the coast ; and now the China Inland Mis sion had hundreds of agents laboring in the inland provinces. Results followed hut slowly, but wherever the missionaries went souls were won from darkness to light. The needs of China were over whelming. Its population was enormous —Said to be about a third of the total population of the earth. What were 1100 or 1200 missionaries among so many? Gveat things had yet to he done in that dark land. Africa was estimated to con tain about 200 millions of human beings, and it was tho most destitute of all tho continents of religious teaching. And yet great tilings had been at tempted and done for Africa. Time would fail him, said the preacher, to speak of tho heroism of such noble men as Moffat, the hero of South African mission enterprise, Livingstone, the great missionary explorer, who prepared tho way for others into the central wilds of tho Dark Continent, and Muckny, tho hero of Uganda in the heart of Africa among its great inland seas. Those three Scotchmen, of worthy memory, were but a few among many oqually noble. For many ycara tlic whole coast line of Africa had been tho scene of missionary work, and many conversions had been made from among its various tribes. But within quite recent years there had been a wonderful oppning up of the Dark Continent, which tlioy could not doubt was preparing the way of the Lord. Tho labors of Livingstone, Cameron, aud Stanley, following upon, those of other explorers like Burton, Speko and Grant had opened highways into hitherto untrodden regions. Twenty years ago for instance, the Congo natives had never scon a steamer, now thoro was a fleet of sleauicys plying the waters of the Upper Congo. Railroads too wore being built from south and east towards the centre, and it was oven said that a. telegraph line had boon pvojeetod from Cairo to the Capo. Unless they were much mistaken the hour. was coming when over the Dark Continent the life-giving word should sound " Let there he light," and the foct of the messengers of peace should find their way as they had never done before into tho heart of Africa. Thoro was indeed no travelling post lmsto in this work of evangelising the world. Solid mission work had.always to ho done 111 much patience. But their survey should stir up their interest iu this great world mission of Christ, It should stimulate them to inform their minds-about 'these movements, and slibitid call forth their prayers and their efforts, that all maukind might come, through tho mercy of God, to enjoy tho light and joy of Christianity, and to share with them in God's salvation, 