THE ROBBER'S GARDEN, AN OLD MAN'S STORY OF AN OLD HOUSE. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of "Bt Order of the Czar," "tnu Old House Sandwioh," &o.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter I.— Introductory. Tho Btory was not to bo told until after tbe old man's deatli. I bad it from bis own Jipn, and under peculiar oiroumstnnces. Messrs. Vyse and West, tho well known family lawyorn, asked me if I would call upon Mr. Septimus John Blake.: the philanthropist, and permit him to tell me the story of his lifo and fortunes. The old man- was 96. I was one of his favorite authors, and he was aonvinoed that his story would interest me, and that I should .find it on nttraotivo sub ject. Moreover, Mr. Blake was anxious to make: my acquaintance. Mr. Vyse, tho senior partner, wasexplioit In warning ine not to expeet that their elient had nny intontion' of leaving me a legaoy ; his testamentary dispositions were mado, but they had instruotions to pay mo a handsome fea for any trouble I might take in the matter of my visit to their client, and in rcspeot of the ultimate publication of his narrative. Under this ourious legal impulse I mado my way to the little known rcsidenoo of Mr. Septimus John Blake, The Cottage, Hampstcnd. It was a ourious old house, with a charmingly laid out! garden. Blake looked ovary inohhis age, though, his fdoulties woro clear as my own, and his memory seemed to be unimpaired. For many years he had lived with' his late wife. almost, within the. retirement of tlieir cottage and garden. All that the outer world knew of their , early.life was that one day they hnd.beoomo suddenly rich, and that madams was tlio daughter of an aristooratio spendthrift, who had ' met with a violont deatli. The result of my interviow with the interesting octogenarian will, be found in tho following extraordinary narra tive. told db nearly as possible in the words of- my host, who h&s; since died at tho age of 99. Chapter II.— A Proposal op Marriage. I confessed my love for Itutli Moorland. I, Soptimus John Blake, merchant's oierk, and she - accepted my proposal of marrioge. Before her- grandfatlier would consent to our marriage lie - said ho had a confession to make that might change my viown. I said that nothing oould do that so far as Ruth was concerned. Rath lived: with her grandfather. They were poor folk j wo ' wore all poor. I had a place in the city as a. - olotk, with ameliorate prospootofadvanoemcnt; but the poorer a man is the. more he loves the- girl he has taken up with. That is a general experienoe. Ruth Moorland and I.had resolved: to be married and take the ohanoes. Ruth went every day tooheapen things at the : market in Ohuroh-street. She and her grand father ocoupiod rooms close by. He had tho interest of £50 a year from a thousand that - would como to Ruth at his death. I lodged in Lissen-grovc. On high days and holidays we generally went for a walk to Hampetead Heath, and had tea at the Spaniards or Jaek Straw's Castle. One Enster Monday, whan Ruth was doing her marketing, the old man said now was the time to tell me what he had got to say that might mako mo olmngo my mind about marrying his granddaughter. . It was a strange story ; but I can toll it toyou in a few words. Ruth's father was a highway man. His name was Moorland Lestwlck, He had belonged to a good family, but fell in with bad oompanionB. At one time lie had been quite a buok at White's and ho- had danced to perfec tion. The ladies wero all delighted with him, : not only on that nocount, but for his aristooratio - bearing and his handsome fooe end figure. One , night he was hard bit at White's ; olearcd out in . faot, and with n sudden impetus ho joined - nnother yoqng dare devil and went on. the road,., no uncommon thing for young bloods in those 1 days. In an encounter with a sheriff's posse on Hampstoad Heath lie was shot. It was not . known at tho time that he had been secretly married. His wife had died, however, the year . Srevionsiy, leaving a Iiitle girl to inherit the : ishonored name. I ohanged it to Moorland, and . took tlio waif home. . "No, I have never btan married," he said ; "and I am 96, not a had age for a bachelor. Well, that's the story ; there's not muoh of it, exoept that I want you to know the . eeoret of Ruth's birth. Sho knows nothing of it, nor will she ; you must not tell hor. After all, Moorland Lestwiok came out better than his companion, Norman Macgillan. He had a run of two or tliroo years, was a terror, took no end of monoy, nearly married a hoiress, carried his nudaoity right into the oity and robbed a bank, and was cvoutually hanged at Tyburn." Chapter III.— A Visitor from Purgatory. . I married Ruth all the same ; I need liardiy ' toll you that. Her grandfather died soon afterwards. The thousand pounds whioh ho - left us was not forthcoming. It had been mado - away with by a false trustee. Ho had paid the supposed dividend of fifty pounds a year ; and when tho old man died be absconded, and I . nover touched a penny of tho old man's money. This was a groat disappointment. But wo woro young, I and Ruth, and it did not trouble us long. She was a capital housekeeper, and mads my bit of salary go to five times its length, ; and so wo jogged along well enough. Tho fraudulent trustee, I fancy, set mo thinking nbout tho story of Ruth's father ; and one night, after one of our walks nbout tho lientb, I dreamt a dream. The dead robber visited me in tlie night. Ha said he aould not rest. His name was Norman Macgillan, and he had upon his soul a worse crime than taking n purse or robbing a bank. He liad been untruo to his friend, unfaithful to n trust that ho ought to have kept above all things. His partner was Moorland Lestwick. They had ngrced that whichever died, or might bo killed first, tho othor should bo friend and guardian to the other's wife or mistress. " It was n mistress in my case," ho said, " but Moorland Lestwick was married, and was the father of a little girl. Ho was killed. I was left. I flourished, made money hand over hand, nnd most of ic I buried in tho garden of tho oottngo where I lived. I pat somo of it iu boxes under tho southern wall, by the poplais, but I covered it up in vnrious parts, only known to myself ; some under the hearth-stone, whoro I could get it handy ; but tho rost in the garden ; nnd all tho timo I left Mrs. Lestwick nnd her child to starve ; yes, literally to starve; novcr went near them; never heard how they fared, and somehow my heart was stocled against them, and I had the soul of a misor. I kept every penny, gave np drink to save, bilked my own mistress. It seemed as if tho devil said 'You shall hnro plenty of money, but it sbnll be your punishment.' I became cruel, too ; moan in the worst sense, nnd on the road nobody could stnnd beforo me, But nt last my timo came, and Tyburn saw tho end of me. Father Lawford was kind to me, took mo in hand, ministered all the Church had to minister, but I bated tho idoa of giving up my money, nnd I thought, somehow, I could coino back to earth nnd haunt it ; that I could stop anyone from digging it up by appoaring to tbem. In short, I made up my mind to do this, and it has cost mo overy punishment that purgatory can infliot. I did not leave a penny for prayers, went to my last acoount a miser, still penitsnt in all things hut that, confessed everything but the buried treasure. Ever since I had been try ing toeommunicate with the child's grandfather. I think I must have appeared on tbo scone of the cottage, for it got the reputation of being haunted, and for years nobody lived there. When it had a tenant I strove every minute to visit tho house, but was denied. At last somo pitying angsl has allowed me to coino to you in your dreams and ask you to help me, Tbo houso Js tho cottage, inside, a wall on the right of the Spaniards; two hundred yards from the road ; in the middle of the garden is n pear tree. By tho southern wall there are poplars ; a few yards on the right of tho trees is tlie first of my buried money, -a box of guineas. Find that, get pos session of the place, and dig tlie garden deep everywhere. A moiety to the girl, that is to yourself, free of nse for her and you and yours ; n portion to oharity in a general way, and tho rest as shall bo deemed wise to some institution for the widow and the orphan. Give me rest and peace, take tho heavy load from my soul that keeps it in bondage to a penanco tlint is bo- yond everything you oau imagine fearful and hard to bear." " Chapter IV. —God's Gold and Man's. I oouhl not toll my wife this story of my dream. Some of it I had forgotten when I awoke. The general tanor of the affair re- mained with me. I had forgotten the descrip tion of the house. Bits of details oame to me ' nt odd times. It was ono of those tantalising dreams that you want to remember; You get some of it right and then there is a' hiatus. I knew that the vision gave me n'very circumstan tial account of tlie story of Moorland's partner, hut for the life of me I could not remember the most important parts of it. I tried to dream it over again, hut couldn't. Tho only incidents of it that came baolc to me camo during my wak- . ing hours. I 'remembered parts of it suddenly while I was at work in tho oity. What I could not get hold of was the description and locality of the house where tho money was hidden. ; In the course of a few weeks tho whole thing began to fade out. I had other affairs to think of, moro important than dreams. But Rath and I would often talk of her grandfather, and what a blessing it was tiiat ho had died before the discovery of the fraudulent conduct of his trustee was known. It turned out that his false steward was known as & very pious and circnmspeot man, and n wholesale trader in ironmongery, nnd understood to' be ns wealthy nB ha was generous. His name figured in all tho looal lists of publio charities ; but the paltry thousand pounds was tho last straw on his camel's load of guilt. One day, when my dream was more than ever a tiling of threads and 'patolics, I was walking with Rath about tho. Heath, and bIio paused bo- fore a house, upon the front of wliioh there was n hoard, announcing ihat it was to be let, or tho froohohl to' be sold. It was a snug looking place, surrounded by an old brick wall, grey with age, and covered with lichens. Tho steep red roofs of the gabled buildings were in artistio contrast with the budding treos and tho first hloBsoms of spring. It was early April, nnd a great pear tree was white as snow ; and at the bottom of tho garden Bevernl poplar troea that had been lopped here and there; to savo them from tho winds, wore showing thoir spring'slioots, and bending a littlo to tho breeze that was scat tering tlie pear blossom oven outside the garden walls. Ruth suggested thnt we should go in and see the house. Not that thero was: tho remotest chanoe of our taking it ; but tho board invited persons to inquire within, and Rutli said tlie care taker might let us sit in the garden. Sho knew it was in tho hands of a oaretaker because it looked empty, and thore was only a little smoke going up out of one chimney, the kitchen chim ney, no doubt. Tho outer stops of tlio gato had boon oloaued, and a Hook of starlings were perched on the roof as we stood and looked up at the sign. We knooked at tho door. A slat ternly woman anBwored the summons. Wo tried to ring tbo bell, but it was broken. She could not let us in without on order, sho said. But wo pointed to the bonrd, and after somo demur sho admitted us. I afterwards thought the woman had a reason for donyiug us. Her husband was digging bonoath the poplars. Hs was a oonstahle, this man who was gar- daning. He went out o' nights and lived bore with his wife in tho daytime. They were harm- loss, deoont peoplo. Tho woman allowed us tho house. A strange feeling came over me. My wife waB delighted with tho old place, It lmd qunint fire places, with eurious wainscotted rooms, that looked like pictures ono had seen of historic houses. It was rather dilapidated. Tho tvoman said folk did not funoy tho plaoo because it had got about thnt it wns haunted. I felt that it might be. Loft behind in one of the rooms I found myself looking nbout, as if I ox- peoted to see the ghost. Once I folt as if some one brushed by mo, but it was no doubt a draught of cold wind from one of the windows, where a pane of glass was brokon. All this timo I nsvor onco thought of tho dream. But when wo sauntered round tho gar- don, I folt aB if I had been there before. I said so to Ruth. Sho smiiod, and said it was a com mon thing for people to feel in odd moments as if they had Iivod in nome other world or at somo ether time or in somo other place. It was a warm day for April. The snn was shining gloriously. A few pansies were peeping through some fallen leaves upon ono of the bedr, and a clump of daffodills could be seen away in tho back part of tho garden. I had dropped a six- ponoo into tho hand of tho woman carotnker, and she asked us if we would liko to sit nwliilo in tho gardon, and she offored us a glass of milk. We said wo would liko to sit awhile, nnd we did, nnd as wo sat near the southern wall by the poplnrs, my dream began to sliapo itself in my mind with singular vividness. Ruth asked tho woman if sho might gather n daffodil, and tho woman walked witli her into tho back garden. My visionnry visitor camo into my mind with extroardinary olearncss, and I remembered all his story liko a flash ; not in dotnil, as ho had told it, but all at onco, tho cntiro effect of it, witli tho description of tlio garden, tho southern wall, tho poar tree, tho poplars, and all tho possibilities that bolonged to my strango vision. " This is tlio house," I naid to myself ; " this is tlio robber's garden. Them aro tlio poplars, and hero is tho buried treasure of Moorland Lestwiok's partnor." Ae I said so, n feeling of elation tool: possession of me, and again I thought some cne was standing near me. That wns my fnnoy, no doubt ; for I had begun to fool very superstitious, nnd ns tlie breeze once moro shook tlio blossoms of tlio pear tree, it seemed ns if a voice said : " For licr sake." At that nbsorbing moment Ruth camo up to mo witli a bunch of daffodils, nnd she said, "This is God's living gold — how much moro lovely than anything man can mnko." " For n moment her words chilled mo ; but it istiio way of tlie poor to try anu find consolation in other gods than the ono god whom all tho world worships. Ruth asked mo what had occurred. I said nothing in particular. She asked me because I looked so ourious. " How curious ? " I nskod. " So elated," she said, "so happy, so expect ant, ns if the daffodils wore, after ail, more than flowers, as if I had como into a fortune. " She went on quite wildly, but I stopped her, because I saw tlie old caretaker look at me in nn odd way, and her lunlmud came book to his diggiug beneath tlio poplars. When Ruth said I looked ns if I had oomo into a fortune, tho woman glanced at her hus band ; nnd I have always thought it odd that lie should then return to tho work in which we had disturbed him. I could not help asking him what he was digging for. He said in tho very words I had used to Ruth, " Nothing in par ticular." This made mo Buspioious at once. I was determined to know why ho was digging in that particular spot. I bad no doubt wbatover that right under his spade wns tho first box of guineas that Macgiilan had buried in tbo garden of my dream Tho man said ho supposed there was no harm in digging in a garden that hadn't been cultivated for years and yonrs. Indeed, he though it was a charity to dig in it. I folt as if tliero was nn underlying meaning in his words. How should it be n charity, I thought, in his case. Had tlio ghost of Macgillan appeared to this man as well as to ms ? No doubt, I said; it would be a good thing to dig tho garden in tho ordinary way, hut I observed that he was ranking a hole, oxoavating in fact. Yes, ho said, that was so. Then I bogan to feel awfully nuxiouB. Why ? I asked. Tho man, in reply, inquired if I wns the owner of tho house. To the surpriso of my wife I said, well, not at that moment, bat I might be the next day ; that it was my intention to buy it. "My dear," said my wife, in a surprised way, and about to say I know not what. I stopped her authoritativoiy, spoke to her as I had never spoken before. She looked frightened. I patted her on the shoulder and said, " It's all right, Ruth, you don't understand. I did not toil you when wo camo in that I wanted to buy the house, and give it to you as a snrprise."- The man and woman looked nt caob other,, and Ruth was palo with tho fear that I had gone mad. I was instantly myself again, when the man said, " Woll, sir, if it's like thnt, mayhap I'd better tell you that I was only just ndiggin' n grave for my old Oliloe, a cat as we've lind for 10 year, and rost her dead carcase,: olio's dead, and I was making a last resting place for lipr:" Fearing that this wns only- a subterfuge I asked him to show mo the cat. .1 assumed quite an air .of ownership of. the house and grounds. Tlio man took me into tbo kilohen and- introduced me' to a solemn littlo aorner, in which thero was n oat in a coffin, ready. to bo nailed down and put in tbo ground. . " Very well," I said, " that's all right," and I gavo (ho' man almost tho only shilling I had in tho world, ns I did not take my snlary until tho next day. But I had a little condition to make. He com plied, filled up tho hole, under the poplars, and buried his dead friend in tho'baok garden, noar tho daffodills. He gave mo tho address of the solicitors to whom application had to bo made for renting the house. Rutli wns both troubled and perplexed nt my strango conduct ; hut as we walked homewards I told her such parts of my dream as I thought would justify what' I had done, leaving out her father ond lierself, and yet getting hor and her intorests into the narrative in such a way ns to make hor feel how lnrgo n part sho had in tlio revelation ; and I hinted that perhaps providence wns going to make up to her for the loss of tho money her dear, dead grandfather had intended sho should possess. Rutli was of an imaginative turn of mind, and sho foil into tht fanoy of tho affair right away. Tiic fact that the dream had oomo baok to me clenr nnd vivid for the first time whilp I wns sitting in tlio garden roado Ruth even more sanguine than I was— if that wero .possible— as to tho truthfulness of tlio dis closures I lmd received in my dream. We sat up ever so lata that- night talking tho affair ovor, and forming plans for approaching the aoiution of our hopes and fears. Wbatwc decided upon you will understand by what wo did. , ctiaiter V.— Rutil Burs a Pick Axe. Before I went to tlio office the next morning I called at the solieitors who had tbo letting or sale of. tho houso on tho Hcatb. Ruth agreed with ,mo that we must not bo timid in our notion. It was true that wo could neither afford to ront nor to buy ; hut we could obtain tho right to oonsider both questions. " Got tho privilege of renting or buying fora woek,"was Ruth's advlco ; " that does not bind you in any way, and before n wcok is out wo must contrivo to exploro the garden, moro cspeciallylthat part of it where tho man was digging. "While I wentto tbo solicitors Rutli was to go to tho houso nnd mnko friends with tho oaretaker. "I will not misioad her as yon did, in your exoitement, dear," said Ruth ; " hut I will tell her how much wo would liko to take tho houso, and how I wish wo were rich enough to buy it, and so on. Trust mo to pre pare tlio way for an investigation." And thus wo parted on that eventful morning. I saw tho mannging oicrk at Vyso and West's, nn old firm of family lawyers, nnd ho gavo me all the particulars I desired, tho ront, price of trochoid, and a written order to viow the premises, and tho first rofusal of tiiom for a spaco of seven days from tho date thereof ; nothing would induce them to sottlo witli any othor person meanwhile, without giving duo notice. I wont to tho oity on wings. I folt euro that Ruth would arrange to got us undisturbed possession of that garden for Enstor Monday., How she would do it it did not uattor. Perhaps oho..would offer to take care of tho house, while tho wesson and her husband wont out to tho tea gardens. I knew Rath had a money box with n score or two of fourponoy hits in it. Wo made o point of saving all tho fourponny bits wo received in change on all our purolinses ; sho would bs suro to take tlio woman some little present. All that day I seemed to havo visits from my dream friend, but it wns iny fancy, of ooursc. I saw him iu my mind as ho hail appeared that night nix months previously, in a riding coat, with top boots nnd spurs, hut bareheaded, a short, strong, sturdy looking man ; odd that I should only long afterwards have remembered what he waslikc. Sometimes I think I evolved his appearance out of my inner consciousness, I nnd dwelt so much upon tlio subject during tho night nnd all day at my desk. When the evening enme, nnd I walked homo with my wcek'o wages in my pocket, I felt like somcono in a romance, tlio hero of a story, no body was liko me. I folt Borry for everybody that was trudging home my way from their work. I walked faster than anybody, and I thought how soon I would bo riding in my carriage. It was Saturday night. There was a drizzling rain. I did not feet it. I pounded along Holborn, down tho hill, struck into back streets below Tottenham Court-road, dashed into Portland- place, along Marylcbone-road, and was iu Lisson-grovc in no time. Now and then men nnd hoys asked me " whoro I was a shoving to," hut I only smiled, nnd shoved along all tlie fnstor ; nnd nt Inst thero I wns, at home. Ruth liad two oanillos burning, there wore hot sauonges and mashed potatoes in a littlo pan before tlio liro ; tho ten kettle was singing on tlio hob. The room looked almost festive. Ruth flow into my arms, nnd I kissed her ns if I had been months away on aomo terrible journoy. "Well, darling?" she said. " Well !" wns all I could say in reply. "What liavo you done ?" sho nskod. "And you ?" I said, . "I have been there nearly all day. Wo aro to havo the house to ourselves nn Monday." "Yes!" I said. "And they will leave tho spade, and I havo been to the pawnbroker's shop in Church-Btroot and bought a piek axe, one of those things tho men dig witli, you know, whon they break up (beetroots." " Yes," I said, quite in a flurry; "but how shall wo carry it ?" " Quite easy," Bhe said. " I have wrapped it up ; it looks like a parcel of somothing, and there is a carrier's waggon goes to Barnet or somewhere that we .oan ride in to the Heath." " My darling," I said ; " yon are very clever. Let us have our . supper." " But what have you done ?" Bhe asked. "Of course," I Bald ; "bowselfish I am. This is what live done, ".and I handed herthedoou- mont from Vyser and West's. "Bravo," said Ruth. "What a pity to morrow is not Monday." " Wo can take a walk to the Heath, and see if the.honsa is still there," I said, "and assure ourselves that it is not all a dream." Ruth was just a trifle piqued at this remark ; bnt we ate onr supper, and went afterwards to tho pit of the New Adclphi, and saw Tho Bottle Imp, wo wero so elated, and found it so impos sible to sit quiet at home. Chatter VI.— Discovert of the . Treasure. - Such an Easter Monday 1 It was like tho niiddlo of June. ' Tho constable and his wife wero all ready to let us take care of tbo bouse. I showed them the document that gave mo the right to rent or buy. My. wife brought withhsr half a pint of the best gin and a little paokot of tobacco for the caretakers, and the -man and woman went off delighted. When they had been gone about 10 minntes we looked the ontor gate, unpacked our piokaxo and prepared for business. . -Ruth suggested that it would bo host to wait nlitllewhile longer. They might roturn for somothing. I aouldn't wait. " Go, you, dear, and stand by tho door, and if they come say I hare thought hotter of that burying businesB, and resolved to let the man plaeo tho poor oat whero hs wished." '"Oh, that would be nonsense," said Ruth, "and why tell a fib about it? Ono onu offer plenty of oxouses without exaotly telling an un truth." : "All rleht, I lenve it to you," I said, and I began to cfear away tlio earth just above where tho man had been digging, and I felt as if I could se'o tho treasure already, my mind was so (lead on it; my imagination bo quiokenod. When I oould do no moro with the spade I set to work with the pick. I dug until the perspiration pourod down my faco. Presently Ruth left her post of observation nnd canio up to ine. . "Found anything ?" alio askeil. The question irritated mo for a moment, as if I should go on sweating and digging if I had found anything I I suppose I had been working half an hoar. Tho excavation wsb quite exten sive, I thought, but Ruth, in lisr seosiblo and syrnpathatio way, said I had not gone down half far enough ; be woald have bean suro to bury the treasuro doep down. I slaved at it again, widened tbo bole, broadened the excavation generally. "You needn't hurry, -yon know," said Ruth ; "we have all duy to work in. Let mo help yon." Sho took the spado and oleared away somo of the earth. I worked on for at least an hour, until I was thoroughly exhausted. I flung tho pick down disheartened, with tho remark : " It's only a dream; Ruth ; only a dream." ''-Take a rest," bIio said, "I have brought some ginger wine." Sho ran into the houso and retnrnod with a bottlo and glass and bun. "Don't ha down hearted," sho'said, "drink tbjs;it will do you Rood. . But don't you think you are a little too near tho poplars? Let us try further to tho right." Tho ginger wine and tlio him revived mo, and a pipe of tobacco steadied my norvos. By and byo I went at it again. For two mortal hours, off and on, I slaved at tho hole, until it waB as big as a grave; and left off feeling that it was tho grave of all onr hopos. " That's all it is, Ruth, a dream ; why should wo think Providence or good fortuno is going to interposo for ns in a miraoulous way ?" "Why, indeed!" she said; "but I don't think I would givo it up." With that Bhe got down into tho hole, and asked me for the spade. I gavo It to her with a disheartened smile, and eat down upon tho earth, worn out. Sho began to thrust the spade at right angles into tiio sides of the pit. " I fcol Bura you havo kept too near the pop lars," sho said, " because, you seo, he would he likoly to keep free of tho roots as far as pos sible. in case tlio trees were blown down." " How do you mean ?" I asked, willing to snatch in my desnair at the smallest vostige of hopo. " The roots, you see, are doepcr down than this. Horo is ono of the brandies. They say a troe is tlio samo almost in its roots below ground as it is in its branches ahove. No, it is not 1" Sho had stooped over tho shovel, as she was fiddling with it aguinst tlio side of tho nit "Not what?" I asked. v " Not a root I No ; it is something I Ob, what is it ? I thought it was a tree root. But—" "But what?" I said, dropping down by. her side. . I1 Sec, it's tlio end of a box 1" " It is, by Hcavon !" I exclaimed. And, by Jove, it wns— the ond or top or sido of an oak chest. " Give mo room, Ruth, my darling ; givo mo room !" By Jupiter, how I did go for that chest I I felt a new man. I could havo hewn down the biggest oak; removed mountaius. The earth ficw beforo my above!. I excavated for that ohest liko tlio brawniest navvy. I nearly fainted when I had uncovered it, and dug tlio piek into it, and burst out its treasuro of gold, not that living gold that Ruth liad found in tho daffo dils, but man's gold, tho gold that is powor, tlio gold that is life, the gold, that is a blessing, if you know how to uso it. Yes, thero it wos ; heaps of it. Guineas, golden guineas ; yellow, bright, beautiful images of the king. Chapter VII.— A Never to re Forgotten Easter Monday. "What's to be done?" I asked, ns soon as wo had sufficiently recovered from our joy to bo oblo to look our fortune fairly in tlio face. Wo must not leave the pincc," said Rutli. "No," I said. " Wo will fill pur pockots, and carry as muoh as we oan in your basket ; then wo will fill tho hole up, and go and buy the house." "But somoone may havo bought it to-day," said Rutli, moro anxious and excited now than I had been from the first. "That's impossible," I said. "Treasuro trovo is the only thing to fear ; I mean that tiie king or tho Stato, or something or somebody lias some kind of olaim, I boliovo, over somo kinds of bui icd treasure. But this is fairly ours; it bolongs to you. It should liavo been your mother's. " " Yes— how?" said Ruth. " Ob, I don't quite know what I am saying," wns all I could reply. " I will tell you all some day, but not at tho moment," for I remembered my promise to her grandfather. It flashed through my mind just then that after all Ruth had better know. There was no harm in it that I could soo ; besides it would show hor that nothing would havo mado any difforonce in my lovo for her. As I stood there with my pookets full of guineas, and Ruth filling her basket, all kinds of things passed through my mind. I even thought of the blots I had made in copying a contract for corn nt tbo office, nnd I found my self saying, "Lot them go to tho deuce, I won't sorntoh them out." It's somothing liko dying, I should fanoy, ooming into a fortune, suah odd notious go through your brain. In my caso there was a certain kind of fear connected with this discovery, the fear that somehow ono might not bo ablo to realise all the treasure. Anyhow we hovelled tho uirt over the re mainder of the raonoy. Wo could not lift out the ohsst without betraying our possessions to tho caretakers. I found it quito hard work to stoop, my pookets were so heavy. Wo had hardly got the plaoo fairly covorod up when tho caretakers returned. They noticed tho work I had bean doing. I said my dootcr advised physical excroise, and I thought a hit of diggiug would do me good. Then my wifo asked the woman if sho could givo hor a night's lodging. Tho woman looked at licr inquiringly. "You ace, "said Ruth, "we havo taken suoli a fanoy to tbo houso that my husband has de termined to buy it, and I would liko to sleep in in it one night firat, to soe if I should roally like living in the country." " My wifo is avery praotioal woman," Iaddod, and I daresay she's right. I will pay you for lior ncoommodation, and here's a crown ; and you shan't loss by your courtesy to us." " Your wife's quito a lady, that's easy seen," said tho woman, taking my silver pieoo; "but I'vo only one bed. My husband goes out o' nights, as you know, and I daresay I could make shift somehow, though wo ain't bedding enough to make up another, even on tho floor." "Oh, we'll manage," said Ruth. "And if you don t mind my- husband will go home and fetoh a shawl or somothing; that, will help us." And so it wns agreed ; and Ruth, taking ma asido, said : "You' oan afford a baoknoy ooaoh ; you'll get one at the Spaniards or tho Oastlt. Take my basket, put it in the oupboard whero I keep tho groceries. Here's the key. Wrap up the money in my old shawl, and hido itbotween tho bed and mattress. Gome ' baok to me if you think well; but first; thing in the morning go and complete your contraot for tho house, l'sy a deposit, and obtain permission for us to. take possession. Ruth was a wonderfully businesslike little woman. "At any . rate," she said, "wo must never leave tho place again," nor did we. 