WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW., Mrs. H, H. Jennings lites at No 211, Main Stretit, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrott bnards with. her, The houseis an old one, but in' good order, One night early in December (1891) the we women lookedall the doors and wenttothe heatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour, At about half past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking, But as they went into the parlour the merry, humour died out of .them in a second Right in the I middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantia stature, The upper part of his ac was concealed by a mask, his eves gleaming through thebo eyeholes in it. lis shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashebioned pistol, The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jenninga came in flvominutes later he found no onein the parlour and all the doors and windows sesurely locked, What was it the women flaw P "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badl or several successive nights. On thiorth of these nights about two o'colobk, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood Sthet itnmage of my mother just as she looked ',five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey ehe was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local'old women gosslps said it was a summons and I would never got well, Yet I did, and ars in perfect heth now, I believe that "elon came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more that three years 'ago now," -6-doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play ofP on you when your system is out of condition. in March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of D)arracott lRoad, Pokeosdown, Hants, wrote us as follows : "I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bearanyone in thoe room with.me, yetI did not wish them far away" in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badlv, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed, Thei1 was often s savero pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the timeo. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By-and bye I hiul to lie helpless in bed. The doctoIr said he didn't know what my complaint 74 Unis ntp H~ti9g but liif m ~~tw4(9, could not retain oven that on my stomah. By this timne I was nothing but skin drd bone. My memorycompletely fuiled. My head ached so dleadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, -when one day Mrs West of B]3ournemouth, called and asked what I was tuakin. She told me she was herself once ust as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed tohave so mush faith on this medicine, I tried it and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went down downstairs. Now I am as well as over. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs, Faoster suffered from was indigsration and dyspepsia and nervous prostration Tihe originalcruse was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus Land, by accident, add the system ralli d only whon the Syruphad given new viour to the digestion and thus fed and tonedthe nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigeation and dyspepsias Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and the ears entero tain only what is natural and wholesome. 