Religious, HOW SCRIPT ORB MAY BE ; ;i ? i :;-/,,: UNDERSTOOD, ,H !;.«.. '- Tho London 'Spectator' has I beon printing examples of childish misunder standings of scriptures remembered by cor respondents. Horo are a few,:— A farmer's wife, denouncing quacks and pill advertisers, said clinohingly, ' Why, don't wo pray in tho Litany against ? all false dootorin'T (doctrine). Two versions of tho orlpplo ' born of four ' (Mark ii. 8) :— (!) Poor woman I No wonder one of the four was a Hippie! (2) A schoolgirl was hoard to remark, v 'Well, I o^n't think how anyone could have had four mothers ; but it says so, jo it must be true.' .' What's that in the Bible' about El'jah 'waiting* fn*'a 'country ahurohyard ?' (Gray/s Klegy,') 11 In tho hymn, beginning ? I have a father In the Promised Land,' tho refrain rau soniu-. limes, '.I'll away, I'll away, to the Promised Land,' and sometimes, ' Wo'll away, we'll away,' etc. Not understanding 'the elision I hud to put my own meaning to'lt, and this 1 did as far as I could, being perfectly con tens with ? Wheel away, wheel away, to the Promised Land,' for. that' seemed vaguely intelligible, covering all means of transport fro in chariots of flro down to bicycles, though 1 lolu uwiiy, islu uwuy,' etc., was not aud much puzzled mo.' With respect to ' Tho Scripture moveth us In sundry places,' the parish clerk of a Hampshire village said to a very active curate — ' 1 nover hoar those words, Bir, without thinking of you and of myself, for you and I are always moving, about.'. For yearn a boy in the West of England usud to repeat the Lord's prayer thus ; ' Our Father we chart in Heaven.' In another ouao, a little boy regularly understood the choir and congregation to Bay :— ' Wo beseech thee to hear our iohool law.' Hero is ' W.D.A.'s contribution on tho same subject to tho 'Westminister Gazette :— 1 know'a little girl who grew up under the impression that she had two hearts —such impression being bused upon her mis understanding of the words in the prayer whioh she heard at church every Sunday — 1 that both our hearts and minds maybe sot to obey thy commandments.' The same child regularly repeated each Sunday' after the commandents the request — ' and inolino our. hearts to keep ut warm,' The church was a wretchedly cold one.' At thu annual district meeting of the United Mevhodist Free Churches, held at Sundcrland, England, recently, the Rev. A. Wren, of Bellingham, called attention to tho decreasing membership of thoir churches, which he attributed' ohlefly to the dancing and kiss-in-the-ring games bo frequently in dulged in at their school treats, etc. Low and degrading entertalnmonts, ho Bald, were frequently held in their schoolrooms, and he could not wondor at the decrease in member ship when at all their Bocinl gatherings danc ing was allowed and kissing indulged in. He knew of representations having been given in one town of a publlo house brawl, and a ghost scene, and whore games were played for which the forfeits had to be paid In kisses, They should unlto In trying to put a stop to these practices, which interfered with the Bplritual work of the church. A good story has come to; hand at the expense of a country clergyman, who was much annoyed lately when, during tho ser vice, a large dog walked into the church and caused considerable amusement amongst the young people at the back. He determined that the reproof should be unmistakable, so he stopped the servloo, painted out tho thoughtlessness ot people who brought dogs to church with thorn, and said that both preacher and congregation was distracted by such things. Thon he went down the church to turn tho dog out, and found that no one had a better right to do so, for it was his own dog I Tho Rev. J. M'Neill, tho ' Scotoh Spiirgoon,' in a recent discourse in Mnl bourne founded on tho warning addressed to the Laodiceans thus hit off a church congre gation taking the world too ploasantly : — 1 Tho treasurer go's up and washes his hands with invisible soap, aud remarks that the church is in a sound financial position. 1 The funds havo increased,' ho says, ' and we need nothing. What a people we are, to be sure. Everything is spick and span, our minister, our choir, our officers, our building, and ? ourselves.' Ah, I think I can see these comfortable, smug, well-doing citizens of Laodlcea carrying ou their organised form of worship to their own unbounded satis faction. Kvorything would en tnilo In Laodlcea, tho building simply perfect and tho Minister to match. What a charming minister he would bo, and how he would onnnrl nil hla time trvlne to live uo to the people of Laodlcea. Ho has just risen to Bay in his finest pulpit tone— what a blessing it is that be never u-.es it everywhere else, or he would scare the wits out of people—' Lot us worship God,' thinking much more of bis elocution' than of his Sod. Sud denly (here the preaoher dropped his voice to a whisper) there is a knock (and here he knocked three times upon the desk before him with electrical effect) that rings through that silent, startled, respectable assemblage, then a voioo is heard — a voice in which anger teems to be fighting with tears. It Is the vnlce of Christ, and it orles ? Stop. Stop this pitiful sham. Behold I stand at the door and knock.' ' 