NEW ZEALAND NOTES. B Y TAIAROA. Dr Stuart, the most prominent figure in the ecclesiastical and educational world of Otago, and—outside politics—the man most widely known and highly esteemed through- out the length and breadth of the colony, has gone oVer to the great Beyond. For over 30 years he has held, the important position of pastor of Knox Church, Dunedin, and during that period his timp, his labor, his money, have been given freely and gladly not only to the building up and holding together of the vast congregation that now so keenly mourns his loss, but to every question that might affect the welfare of the beautiful oity which he so ardently loved. Never before have the feelings of the people of the two Preehyterian provinces been so deeply stirred. It is not only Presbyterians, how ever, that are in grief. Roman Catholics, Episcopalians, nnd members of every other denomination down to the Salvation Army have all come forward to testify to the strong hold thatthedepacted had gained on their love nnd esteem. The Knightß of Labor at their meeting passed the following resolution— “ That this assembly deeply regret the loss sustained by tho community through tiie death of the Rev. Dr Stuart, and bear testi mony to the fact that the deceased clergy man was ever the friend, tho counsellor, and helper of the poor, and that he was emi nently successful in oarrying into his daily life the principles of the Christianity he preached.” There has beeu no more inde fatigable and self-denying worker in the colony.; His labors now are ended. Requies cal in pace. Tho Labor Bureau officials have got more than they can do just at present. From one end of the oolony to the other the cry of the unemployed iB to be heard, but more espe cially in the empire city. Since the first meeting of the Wellington unemployed 313 names have been registered. Of these 141 are married, and 172 single. In addition to these, 53 married and 19 single have been sent to Government works, and 24 married and 73 single to private employment. It is freely stated that the large landowners who are opposed tn the present Government are dismissing large numbers of men, in order to swell the ranks of the unemployed, and so embarrass the Government. This is accepted ns true by many person*, and it is seriously suggested in influential quarters that the graduated land tax should be increased to provide means for the employment by the Government of the - agricultural laborers thrown nut of work. Although such action on the part of the Government would, no doubt, meet with the approbation of the Radical members of the House, it is not likely that such a step will be taken. There is quite enough on hand at present, without offering the Opposition and Ministerial mal oontents further opportunities for attacking the Ministry. Some other means mußt be found to satisfy the demand for work that is now so terribly in evidence. Dr Newman, one of the leading Oppositionist*, suggests that instead of the surreptitious borrowing policy pursued by the present Government ever since they assumed power, the Trea surer should come forward boldly and apply tn the London market for a loan of £2,000.000, to bo spent on reproductive works and in pushing on the construction of the railway lines most urgently needed. This (says the doctor) would provide work for all the unemployed in the colony, and the cry of distress that is now heard on all sides would be stilled. More over, he points out that there is likely to be no more favorable time limn the pre sent for floating a loan, as, with the credit of New Zealand standing so well at horn*, there would be no difficulty in floating a 3j per cent. lonn at par. Now, I have no fear but what Mr Seddon would be delighted to have the handling of the two millions, but it is an impossible step for him to take. " We are a non-borrowing Government” iB his constant beast. He takes oredit to himself lor having managed to make both ends meet, nnd have a little to spare for public woiks besides. He has based his claim to the sup port of the poople very largely on this faot. Therefore he is hardly likely to accept the suggestion of the Opposition financier, B'sliop Julius, of Christchurch, is making strenuous efforts to induce the people of that city to provide work for their own un employed. Subscription lists. ore circu lated, and, so far, work has been provided for a good many -of''the - mo it pressing caseß.. Our rulers and guardians of the law are determined to do their utmost to stamp ont the supernatural and euperstitioU9 agencies that are endeavoring to build up our faith ia sponkß and necromancy. The poor fortune tellers were tho first to suffer. Section 240 of the Criminal Code Act states that "Any one who undertakes to tell fortunes is liable to one year's imprisonment with hard labor.” What has caused this sudden desire on the part of the authorities to protect the poor dupes that will, law or no law, try to peer into the future, no one know*. Probably Mr Seddon wishes to give the publio Something other than Olonel Fox’s letter to discuss. The police have also broken in upon a spiritualistic seance. The story, as told by the Wellington Post, is as follow*: "Two arrests were made by the police last night which, it is stated, will les’d to Borne very sensational disclosures. The prisoners are n couple named James nnd Priscilla Hnckett, who are presumably brother and sister, and who have been lately practising so-called spiritualism in various parts of the city, and subnrbs. James H~ckett is a professed medium, and his Bister, it is said, acts in tho capacity of assistant. Last night there was a Beauce held in a room engaged for the purpose at Petone, at which some 14 or 15 p*rsons were present, including a polios constable in plain clothes. The latter attended by invitation, but in consequence of n complaint which had been made to the police that the affair was an imposition Butler had orders tn watch the whole performance very closely, and if he de tected anything which could be reckoned 01 as material for a case he was to seize it. It is said the proceedings were of a most extra ordinary character, the Hacketts oiling up several alleged departed spirits which were supposed to be materialised and able to hold communion with those present. In one of the most impressive parts, when tho luminous form of a supposed spirit appeared from the recesses of a cabinet, one of the audience seized hold of the apparition and called for lights, Tho spirit turned out to be nothing more than a piece of gauze, which the medium was enabled to manipulate from behind a curtain. Hackett and his sister was Arrested, and the paraphernalia, consisting principally of a bottle of phosphorised oil and a quantity of gauze, said to be used in conjunction with the oil for the purpose of producing ‘ghosts,’ was seized.” It is stated that the medium received £5 for every sitting, nnd that several people have parted with con siderable sums of money to him. The prisoners were brought before the magis trates, but the case has been adjourned till Friday, 25tb inst. A second information has been laid against James Hackett, charg ing him . with having pretended to exercise an enchantment and have communion with the spirits of the dead. Mr O'Hara Smith, the Royal Com missioner appointed under warrant from his Excellency the Governor, is taking evidenoe concerning the Fox correspondence. It is now stated that the culprit is none other thnn Sir Patrick Buckley, K.C.M.G. Mr Gillon, editor of the Post, asserts that the letter was obtained honorably, consequently it is certain that either a Minister or a civil servant is tho sinner. Should it turn out that Rumor is right in laying the blame at the door of the Colonial Secretary, there will most likely he a nice little rumpus in the Cabinet. Sir Patrick wonld, of course, under such circumstances, be called on to resign, and that would not be at all in accord with his inclinations. He has his eye on the Agent- General’s office, and at all hazards he will try to keep friends with the choleric and despotic Premier. Mr Seddon is still pursuing his mad at tempts to crush all those who take an active part in exposing the tricks nnd misrepre sentationß for which he has made himself famous. His latest plan is to withhold Government advertisements from Opposition papers. The Evening Post is especially to feel the pains of the boycott. That journal says that in accordance with a circular re cently issued, excluding that journal, amongst others, from the list of those in which Government advertisements are to be published, notifications of volunteer parades, &c.;, are not now to be sent to it. It hns received offers from officers and mem bers of the force to pay privately for the in sertion of volunteer district orders, but as it does not think it right that the coat should be thrown on them, the proprietors of the Post intend to publish such announcements as' usual, but without charge. Accordingly the orders for the-Queen’s Birthday are printed in the P si's advertising eflumn* under the heading "Government announce menU published gratia.” Such a course of notion ia sure to alienate aoihe of the friends of the Government. How pleased must Sir R. Stout be. to watch the Premier’s conrae of folly. . .. Another bit of Seddonian despotism—Mr Kinsella, an old journalist, who for the past 10 yeare has been a shorthaud reporter lor committees of the Lower House during session time, has been dismissed by the Premier, on the avowed ground that during the rooess he acted as correspondent of the Auckland Herald. He is not accused of using hia position to attack the Government, he merely acted as the transmitter of news, but because it was an Opposition journal with which he corresponded be must go. Someone said a year ago—Give JSeddon rope enough and he will hang himßelf.” Truly I think he will. 