SWAS IT A GHOST T[IEY.SA i Mrs II. H. l.unilgs lives at No.. 21 : Main Street, Bridgcrpoit, and Milss Minnis.: 'arruot boards with her. The lhouse is sa old oin, but in good order. (One ntight early in Duecember (18:1) the two womie locked a:l tle doors and w.-ntt to the. theatre, leaving not a soul in the house." _ They left the gas burning, howeovr,. ii:' the front ptarlour. At about bshout IalF past eleven they returnled, ml, enteredi - Iho house Inughing and talking. But as ..?s they wont into the parlour the niTrryv humour led out iof tliem in ia second. ".o.. l.llht it, thi lnddile of the rosm stood. a: daik man of gigantibsttto i. T'he upper part of his fa-ao was conlcelod by a ms.ek hiseyes gleamiing thlrough ,the eyeholes. in it. Bis shirt-sloeves were rollod uip,. ridl in on hand heo-canrried t, lung, old-e?: f t-hiosed pistol.. The women tfl'l'scroam-?o ing froim tholrooms, and whenlitl Jennings,' _:i casto in lirve o inulos later lie found" noi ino intho' parlour ttd all the douts ands'. wi.ndiws sceuroly locked. What wans. it. wom;'n aw i' " Duriug a recent period of ill healthl,': wriltln .Anwrtcan friend, "Thadllslept l bad y.forasovernl sutressivo nights. i. the forrth of these nights about 2 o'loc.d:.. : tin?a sluddonly InurselI from I doze by' what senltl like tihe alling of tny name ;: nld lit the fnot of tliy bed stood the imnsgoi. ,' If lmy laother just as slhe lotoed live yelars. :' before, in:lwhich journey sahe wits killeds in a railway dlisster- I screamed aondre' failntod. I was foolish eniothit to. tell of'. it. and the local old W.omini eaa ssips said:: it was ia allnUlonsand 1 weuaold nIsvtOr gst: . owell. Yet I did, and aitl il pberfct hoaltlht notw. lTbelievo thalt visioln ic.u oni myis ' utrck nilrves, for I'e ntever seen it since,. tnd it's mtoire thantl thrletyesui ago now." No it litL it was thle noeres. VWhy, Shler-'n Ino end to the tricks the nerves will" ilay il' in yi'dtl wslluil yelr syrttli is out if c-ndition. In March, 1890, it was,, that M??r Jano Foster. of Darracott Road, Pokesdowln, Hillis. wrote us as follows:: -" I was so dretldflly nervoos I could. ntot hear anyone in the room with in,, yet. I did not wish them far away in cas I: should call out for help. 'his was in Juno 1839\. 1 a.ptl very badly, and, in, the Iiornlug felt lit:le iho better for having: " goel to bed. Tr:lO 't was ofelin a severe paiu ill m; hteadl nttd over ltly oyes, and, I. sick mlltt el the ltime.- -?t.,til inrwoo- L dry ntl yellow, land the stomiach and' bowoles felt cold ldt dlltad l r-and-byo I halld to li llhl,'ers in Ib,.d. 'lThe doctor sotid Ioe didn't know 'hl t s y c mlplait i inwa. IL to-k nnthi"g ibt liypidflint, and couldL not retliniieven thalt on my stomach. By this time I wi?s nothling Ilst slian and bone.. 31y uletry cnompletely failed. My head' nohed so dreadfully I tlhougrlt I should, Itsso msy sOttlsis, ntld miy fIiluds agreed. thai I wiildl tlnver get hltter.. I' 1 hait given up till htpe, whelo one day lMrs WVet, f ltournemouth. called and as'iod wholllt I wits tikitn'. She. told ItU silu waos lthereollf ncei j)lst lNll btll off. and was cured by Mhdll r Suioul's. Curative Syrplll. A sIhe smIlleed to Itavet 80s niuchl filth in this nmhdcine, I tried it, and in. throe tlays I wias able it walk across. tle. rIttl, and by tilOe ed of.tthe wok I: wont. ionstalttliros. Nite I lllll well lso Uttor., I ctan ent tand digest iy food,.and atill tny; nert ancll'lless hilt left ise." Thle tutinl' MIrs fo.tor sufored fror m iwas iudi, osti's l t ll t tI ldlpepsiuiltl d ntrioins,' prostration Tliuo rigit.i causei 1ia grief.: iand shIock lt the violent olmth." of her: husband, by. aIccidenht, anld the system, rlluioed onlly wllen th t Siyrup hald given linew igour ton thit digoliuain and. ttus Ied; Intlll . toned tihe Ilerve. \Vllttl er iImay be y rtr optliiO of lh'o BIridgeport ghs., it runiianis trio that, .utst tuintesy rviionis and, sundil)s meanl nlllthlitt l e ol'r.s- loss thllan ItstBo nervoesr: atill nL.set by idiguLatili iIn,l dysplepsia, (illslt, comel frioiuthe l t insiuofhl ho pIter Soll' whoselathem, iand whini Plotlhor Selu.ol:s Syrp dos-.it??tyorkl the eye' 0ndi tlh earo eitertain., only whltl :is natlorital 1ulldl whllslosie".. 