STEPMOTHERS, DEAR BUTrERFLY,-Probably there are many women who would, in heart if not in thought, echo the sentiments of the maideo aunt who, upon being told by a pert young niece when announcing her intention to keep a school that she would prefer marrying a widower with eight children, exclaimed, ' So would I,my dear, but where is the widower to be found ?' Nevertheless, however eager damsels or widows on matrimonial thoughts intent might be to annex a widower with encum. brances, if the market htild no more eligible article, not one of them, unless I be mistaken, would entertain with aught but distaste the idea of another woman occupying the place by her father's side vacated by her dead mother. Stepmothers are not more popular in real life than in the realms of fiction, and 1 from the time we first met one in the fairy tale respecting the beautiful Snow drop, whose woes awakened our aversion towards their cruel cause, until in later days Victor Hugo's 'Little Paul' aroused our deepest sympathy, we have never been particularly attached to the supplan. ters of buried wives. However unroman tic we may be, our sense of justice, through advantage having been taken of the deed, makes us feel antagonistic towards second spouses, as though all would prove as cruel as did the beautiful Elfrida, who ordered the murder of her husband's son, Edward the Martyr. Perhaps the stepmother who least arouses our ire as we peruse the printed pages is the Margaret of whom Adelaide Proctor tells us who sacrificed her own feelings upon the altar of friendship, and, for the sake of the woman whom she re garded with great affection, refused to marry the man she loved, until death had rendered him free to wed again. There is a poetical justice in this reward of a true and unselfish attachment, but it grates upon one to think that the cypress-wreath somewhat had to be placed upon one woman's head before the orange blossom could beentwined aroundnanother's tresses. It is a gruesome thought that a funeral should be necessary to a wedding, and so we cannot feel any pity for the bride visited at nights by her predecessor whose rings she was wearing. As Whittier relates, 'All our compassion is lavished upon the poor ghost who must have felt the utter futility of human love.' But putting aside sentiment,sometimes it happens that a stepmother is almost a necessity in a household. A man left with a family of young ohildren to the tender mercies of servants or a house keeper is not in the most enviable position. Services performed for payment, however well executed, are not invariably satis factory. It is not exhilarating to know that every seemingly kindly action is merely a matter of pounds, shillings, and epenceand that with cessation of monetary quivalent the sweet smiles, honeyed words, and gentle deeds would be trans ferred to another domicile. Under these circumstances duty assumes the form of a forbidding spectre I stead ofla beautiful angel. Without affection attentions pall, one shrinks from being regarded merely as a matter of convenience, and it often happens that duties are not perfomed consci nt iously, although their price is demanded. The house becomes a scene of disorder, the children are neglected, no check is kept upon the bills, and the con. trast between the past and the present is so great as to be unbearable. The widower looks back upon the happy life which made his prayers ptcans instead of dirges. And he asks himself if his dear dead love would blame him fur bringing another bride to his home to make it brighter, not only for himself, but for their little ones. 'If he can win the heart of a true woman she will love the children for his sake,' he mentally whispers, and the chill atmosphere of a loveless home, whether well-regulated or the reverse,will be replaced by one warm with affection. And it sometimes occurs that a home is made more cheerful through the advent of is wife-even though her husband has not plighted his first marriage vows to her. His boys and girls become as great objects of interest to her, as if they were really her own, his house is managed for love and not for money, she does not vacillate between pleasing the master and servants, nor allow the housekeeping expenditure to be arranged according to the ideas of tradesmen and hirelings. She does not repeat every tittle of con versation to her acquaintances, nor let the private affeirs of the house over which she rules become as public as though they were gazetted. So justice bids onessny that a second marriage is sometimes beneficial to all moat immediately concerned. But a wise choice mutt be mlade, and it is not because a mature syren exercises all lher powers of fascination that she is a wvhit more suitable as a companion than her prototypes. It is not because an appar ently charming woman gushes over the 'dear little pets,' and expresses a hope that 'they fare treasured as such darlings deserve,' that they would be safer yr more comfortable under her charge. Permanent homes are as often sought by undesirable women as are temporary ones, and it is not unseldom that an applicant for a housekeeper's situation is just as much instigated by matrimonial motives as if she advettised for a husband or went to an office where spouses are to be procured. It is not at all likely that one of these female fortune hunters to whom the obituary is the land where they hope to 'strike ile ' would be a desirable stepmother. Ah well, probably it will always be a vexed question as to which would be preferable- a housekeeper, who could be dismissed with all her faults at will, or a stepmother, who might prove a lifelong incubus, and who in the majority of cases would not tend to increase any provision against life's storms which a father might make for his children. It is to be feared that few women become stepmothers from any motive but .con venience. The middle-aged have gone rally speaking left romance with their youth far behind them, and the young are seldom led by love to become a second wife. Still every rule has an exception, and I remember hearing that one of the happiest families known to the speaker consisted of a husband, wife, and the former's daughter, whose flower of life's spring had been replaced by autumn's leaves,and who reciprocated her stepmother's affection as dearly as if, indeed, it had been that of the mother whose image had never been painted upon her memory, and again of a group of young children who would have been deso late, of a truth, but for the protection of a loving stepmother.-Yours, etc, AMICzIZA. 