METROPOLITAN notes [Written fob the 'Herald.'] The great reduction \n. men's wages, and the introduction of girls and women into trades at cheaper wages, must eventually have a deleterious effect on tho social and moral state of the people of New South Wales. Already ' it : is noticeable that marriages are getting, scarcer, and thousands of beings who are linked together in tho bonds of mn.t.rimnnv would cive all thev Dossess. and more, if it were possible to be free once more. Not that husbands have lost affection for their wives, their little ones, or their homes, but being unable to earn .the wherewithal to keep the bodies and souls together of those de pendent on them, they dread the piteous appeals and anxious glances of their wives, and the hungry looks of their little children on returning home. Thousands of men, through reduced salaries, or through dismissal and in ability to obtain further employment, have gradually come down and down — some to crowding families of five and six into one room, and others even have to drag their weary limbs about the streets, taking their rest in the parks nnd domains during the daytime. Syd ney is in a worse state than the outside world cenernllv believes, and it is to be hoped in the name of Christianity, and for the sake of common humnnity, that our legislators, if they have it in their power to alleviate these increasing suffer ings, will leave no stone unturned to further the cause to bring about em ployment and the circulation of money, and not waste needful time in blatant prating on dead sea fruit. * * * * * * It takes al\ kinds of people to make a world, but one barely thought it took all kinds of men to make a religion, yet from the latest style of lecturers and so-called evangelists, such is evidently the case. No doubt the world generally has discovered that the doleful, piteous, long-faced, miserable implorer to listen to the truth has made religion appear to be such an unhappy state, that instead of drawing fresh converts to its ranks, he has in fact driven them away. Nothing has a more dreaded aspect to the human mind than niiserableness, and sooner than join its ranks man would drop into a state of apathy. But other aspects come on the scene, some with bands, uniforms, and flags flying, and every indication of noisy joy and egotistical happiness, and still this does not attract all. The latest craze is an enthusiastic reception of yet another style, and to a certain degree similar to a creed which has been prevalent for many years, and one which has had the greatest reverence shown to it always. The old reverenced style had nothing spicy about it.. A preacher did not get up and liken the throne of David to a bicycle built for two ; neither did he use the latest slang for similes, as the present ' evangelist ' does. But above all, no man since the days of the Bible has dared to remark, as this man did when he was having a man ejected from one of his meetings, that ' he was casting out a devil.' But he is the fashion, and maybe he is doing good (especially in the collection line), but there can be little doubt but what the general public are attracted to his meetings more out of curiosity than for the sake of religion, and because there is no entrance fee. ****** The cat is out of the bag once more so far as psychical phenomenas are con cerned, and it is to be hoped that the spirits, spooks or ghosts have been laid this time, so that people won't be so absurd again. Infatuated idiots who have been attending seances to be hum bugged and outwitted by one or two clever but arrant deceiveis, now look at one another with an air of suspicion, at the same time saying as little as possible. We should not have heard of half the recent disclosures had not times been dull, and the sea serpent, double-headed duck, or the big gooseberry had made its appearance. A sensation was wanted, the time was ripe, and ergo ' here it is.' People who are so utterly idiotic and unnatural as to believe that spirits of departed beings can be materialised have no brains, for if such things could be true those people who have brains would imitate the herd of swine of yore, and rush down a steep place into the sea, and leave this world to the believers, and join the spirits who cannot be troubled with bank and mining booms. * * * * * * The Theatrical Carnival in aid of the army of indigent actors and actresses was the most successful of its kind ever seen in Australia. The preliminaries and management were undertaken by indefatigable workers, and the spon taneous willingness of those employed in the theatrical world to assist assured success. The chief ' character ' looked for was ' Master Sol,' and putting in the whole of his time, did more than anyone else. The fun and humour to be derived from the football match, in which our lion comiques appeared as ' she males,' caused a side-splitting laughter unequalled at any pantomime. The ladies' bicycle match — the first of its kind ever seen in N.S.W. — was one of the features of the programme, and the fact that something approaching a thousand pounds was raised during the day is sufficient proof that the whole affair was a perfect success, and a credit to the originators. 