literature. THE LASS THAT LOVED A MINER. By J. MONK FOSTER, Author of ' A. Pit- Brow Lassie,' ' Slaves of Fate,' ' A Miner's Million,' ' Queen of the Factory,' 'a. Crimson Fortune,' 'The White Gip3y,' &a;, &o.; {Published by special arrangement! with the author. All rigots .aserved.] . PAET IL— THE ISLE OF GOLD. Chapter L — The Waikaitoota Bush. ' Here we are, lads. Down with the traps and let's mark out our claim.' The speaker was one of a party of three men who bad just arrived at Waikanoota Gully, a rook-bound valley lying about twenty miles eastward of Hokftika, the capital of Westland county, New Zealand. He and his companions were gold- diggers, and only that morning had they thrown up an old and unprofitable claim eome miles away and joined in tbe rush to Waikanoota Gully, where. rumor said, that gold was to be scooped up in buckeiafuL ' All right, Seph,' one of the first (speaker's chums answered. ' Shall we onload tbe mule here ? ' What spot do you fancy, old man ? ' ' Here, right here, Granby,' the man ad dressed as Seph replied as he glanced aiound him. 'This right in the centre of the gulch, and the alluvial will be at its thickest here abouts, or else I know nothing of ;gold digging. Unload the mule and in with the pegs at onoe.' Seph's comrades needed no urging to do the work which lay immediately before them. I-uring the past few months fortune had not looked favorably upon their endeavors after gold and the prospect of a new and, probably, a rich claim had an inspiring influence upon each member of tbe party at that moment. Besides, they knew that unless that particular Bpot was staked out forthwith, some other crowd of wandering diggers might come up and interfere with tbe ground selected. So tbey all sec to work to unload the animal which bore their took, tent, aud other belongings, and while they are so employed a glance may be taken of their Burroundings. Waikanoota Gully was a rock-bound valley half a hundred yards wide and about a mile and three-quarters long. Thousands of years before tbe stony gorge had been carved out by one or another of the titan forces of nature. Aloru the gulch ran a narrow stream orystally clear and icy cold, which w&s; fed in equal proportions by the frequent rains and thick mists and the waters of the melting glaciers which gathered eternally at the head of Mount Cook and his brother mountains and slid for ever at their feet. The sides of tbe gully were almost sheer walls of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great steps that led to tbe summits of the snow-crowned giants which reared themselves in the centre of the island. JJut tbe rocky sides of tbe wild .and weird * looking glen were not barren. Wherever a foothold could be found for vegetable life these plants flourished and the steep walls of the gully presented a long etreteh of the most charming and vivid green and delicate greys to the eye. Here and there in boundless profusion lovely tree ferns and darker-leaved shrubs luxuriated, running up the sides of the precipices in long strips of vegetation until lost to view in the silvery mists which hung about the shoulders of the titanic hills. And here and there among the rp-eat masses of green feathery foliage the totara, pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all manner of fantastically shaped festoons of grey licben, which contrasted prettily with the patches of black rock, the huge fern fronds and scarlet blossoms of the rata whioh in places lit up the tangled growth of green with patches of intense color. At the head of the gully a thin thread of silvery water leaped downward to lead the rivulet and beat iteelf with a musical murmur into spray on the rocks below, and at other points along tbe valley littie cascades were tinkling down the lichen-covered walls. Three woekB before* a oonple of miners out prospecting had discovered gold in the first panful of dirt they had washed in Waikanoota Gully, and subsequent washings at different ' points had given equal fruitful results. Then the blood-stirring news had. been scattered about and tbe rush to Waikanoota Gully began; and in twenty-one days the quiet deserted guloh had been transformed into a small pandemonium composed of men of almost every nationality under the. heavens who were thirsting after the precious yellow metaL By the time our three friends reached the Bpot the place appeared like a small town or, perhaps a better phrase would be, a large fair, for between a thousand apd fifteen hundred men of all sorts aud conditions had taken up their temporary quarters in the golly. The majority of these wanderers had housed themselves in canvas tents or rough huts of timber and a few boasted erections of light corrugated iron, while not a small number had nothing to shelter them save a shaggy well worn and too often dirty blanket. Most of the miners who were then roughing it at Waikanoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on their backs, gene rally wrapped up in the ever-present blanket. Diggers can exist under almost any conditions provided that they have a good stout rag in which to enwrap themselves at night when they take their well-won sleep in the open be Bide a fire and a pannikin and ' billy' in whioh to boll tbeir tea. The men at Waikanoota were a rough and ready lot, but not more rough and ready than one oould expect) to find at euch a place. They worked hard in the daytime seeking the auriferous ore and if they found- it in any con siderable quantity they wished themselves and their chums good luck in one or other of the drinking saloons. Three weeks bad transformed the deserted gulch into a town, with traders' stores, an hotel, a bank even, and whisky dens by the dozen. Tne finds of cold bad been rather extraordinary and the boom bad attracted every miner with a bad claim who was within twenty miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in tbe course of a week or two every available inch of soil in Waikanoota Gully would be staked out. By the time Seph Dennett, George Granby, and their remaining chum, Ike Shelloomba. had staked out their claim and erected their i oonio&l; house of canvas the evening was ap proaching. Behind the towerine mountains the sun was slowly sinking, and the level red rays smote the glistening white-capped peaks and track less wastes of snow ana iob below with a fire which spotted and streaked them as if with blood. The three chums had just finished work and were standing at the entrance to their tent. One of them, Ike Shelloombe, was speaking. * ~' 'Well, mates,' he remarked with the nasal peculiarity of the true Yankee, **I guess we've about finished that job and that being so Ivote that we liquor op. What do yon say, Seph, old man f . ' ? ? ' r'I was just thinking, Ike, of making a fire oo that we oould have a aope of tea,' wag the ''Never mind the fire,' Granby broke in at this point, 'at least not yet, Dennett. Ift too early by a long way to *nm in yet, and tea will keep. Tm of Bhelicombe's way of thinking. Let ns go and have a drink. I snppoee there mufit^e quite a lot of fellows ' 3fc& Ydaoft mind,' Seph responded, and tbey ?UtumedAway from the teat and made 4beir way towards 4h§ centre nf the crowded ^tbait m iujdijt.«feltttade «t diggings and diggers tbe trio sauntered along. Many of the miners were ceasing operations for the day, and with eome of these our friends paused now and again to chat about the olatmB. Most of those to whom they spoke gave glow ing accounts of their ' finds, and this seemed to augur well for the success of the ground they had taken no. Theeoene'in the gully wob of a lively and an interesting nature. Half of the fiat patch of alluvial land hemmed in by the cliffs waB already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasures, and the' remainder would be taken up in the course of a week, for fresh batches ot diggers were ^constantly arriving in gangs of two?, threes, fours, and half-dozens. Here and there the red-Bhirted miners were standing about their holes, eome of them wind ing up buckets laden with the gold-bearing dirt, others washing the last panful of gravel aud storing away the auriferous sand. At the mouth of many claims a small flag of red bunting was' flapping idly in the evening breeze, denoting thai gold in paying quantities had been unearthed at those particular spots. In and about the broken ground the new arrivals were threading their way, making eager enquiries of the workers. The trades men's stores were lit up already and doing a good business and the saloons were driving a roaring trade in bad whisky and other^ liquors aud English bottled ale and stout ' Here's the place, I guess,' said Ike Shell combe as he and his chums came upon a large structure of corrugated iron, over th . ? large open doorway of wfcich ran the legend McTaggart's First Class Hotel. 'Come along, coys, and let's sample the Britishers poison.' They went inside together ana found a motley assemblage gathered about the long bar. Tbey ordered drinks and fatood chatting among themselves, glancing meanwhile hither and thither about the place and making casual observations concerning the various diggera they knew in the crowd. Presently George Granby nudged each of his chums sharply in the ribs with his elbows and said - ' Look over there at the further end of the room. There's that old ' hatter ' again— Maori Dick, don't you call him V' Seph'u eyes and those of Ike were turned in the direction Granby had indicated and they recognised at once the notorious characterto whom their chum had alluded. Maori Dick was a gaunt feliow.of 45 or 50, ill-clad, unkempt, and of a generally uninviting aspect To look at the wretched creature one would nob have eiveu a brass farthing- for the man, either morally, physically, or intellectually. But Maori Dick was worth more than he appeared to be. When he spoke i?ne could detect in his speech and manner traces of a & refinement and education which testified that he had lived a higher life somewhere and at some time not remotely distant. What the man's real name was no one in the island could tell, nor where he hailed from originally, for when 6ober he could never be got to speak of either himself or his past; and when drunk, which was often, he was not to be pumped by the most cunning digger in all New Zealand. For tbe last ten years the miserable' fellow had been knocking about the various gold towns in Westland county and he was familiar as the Bun to every old digger within forty miles. Once a week Maori Dick would tnrn up in one or other of the noted diggings and after having bad a big and deep ' drunk' would disappear for a haudful of days, to be seen no more of men and the world until the drinking fit waB upon him again. But the etatngeet part of the business was this. Although no digger of all the thousands on the South Island had ever seen Dick handle either a pick, shovel, cr cradle, he was always flush of money when he frequented tbe common haunts of men. Where the man got his money from was a mystery to all, and not a few theories had been originated in order to explain the puzzle. Some believed that Maori Dick was a scape grace member of an aristocratic family in old England and that his relatives paid him hand somely to keep away from home ; while others there were who averred that Dick was simply an idle digger woo bad made his pile years ago and was now spending it after the fashion which appeared best to himself ; aud again hob a few diggers hinted that the disreputable sob who threw his cold about so recklessly when 'on the spree' bad struck a rich bole some where and was working it secretly. When questioned on the point Dick would tu? with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf of grizzled hair at his chin and emit a low, dry, cynical chuckle. Most frequently that was his only answer, but occasionally he would remark after asking his interlocutor to have a drink, that his pile was eafe, and that he meant to ' blue it before he passed in his checks.' Maori Dick was already half drunk and he was pressing everyone about him to drain their enps and have another with him. Our three friends only escaped his invitation becanse tbey were out of the field of bis obscured vision. 'There is something about that fellow I oannob fathom for the very life of me,' George Granby muttered in a reflective way to hits companions. ' That is so, boss,' tbe Yankee drawled in answer. 'I reckon, pard, that I can take the measure of most men, but Dick there I some how can't get a grip of.' 'One thiugr is certain about him, Shell combe,' Grauby returned in a positive tone. 'And what may that be, ole man?' Ike queried as he filled his lank, hairless jaws with a mammoth plug of tobacco. 'He's a university man — a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. He's of good birth, too, or fm a Josser. Haven't you noticed at times how well modulated bis voice is and howcorreob is his English? There's a mystery about Maori Dick that I'd wive a trifle to get to the bottom off. What do vou sav. SeDh ?' ' I'm with you there,' was Dennett's ready response. ' That chap bas. a story like most of us I suppose, but what it is I cannot even imagine. Bub I do know that he is a very generous fellow in spite of his dirt, drink, and beantHuesB in genctral.' - ' How do you reckon that up, Britisher ?r asked the American. 'I guess that Dick's generosity run to a liquor as it does with the lot of us.' ' Oh no, Iko,' Seph remonstrated. ' Wait 1 11 I tell you what happened two or three years ago, when I first met Diok at Hokitika. fle bad bnen on one of his great sprees there when I first ran against him and had painted the whole town red, as you may readily suppose. But his drunk on that occasion had been a bigger and more lengthy one than usual even with him. ' I was hanging around the place doing no thing in particular, having juBt finished a good paying hole up Kabonaga way, where the gold bad given out and was waiting for the next rush. 'Being flush, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing tbe rounds of the whisky hells I came across Dick there and had not a, fewdrinkB with him. He's an awfully good natured fellow when in liquor and be seemed to take to me somehow. At all events he wanted me to go on the rampage with him and offered to find all the rhino for the fun.' 'Of course Ideclined, for I wasn't without a nice little heap of dust of my own at that time, aud Maori Dick continued to paint tha town crimson on his own hook. ' One day when his dmt had ran ont and the bar-tenders of the various Baloone were re fusing to give him a booze on tick he met with an accident— got knocked out in the street by a pasting cart and bad his log broken. ' There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after running through forty or fifty pounds' worth of dust in a dozen days or thereabouts. I found him lying in a den where he had been carried and with no one near who oared a tinker's cures whether he rotted to death or not.' 'And you, Snph,' Granby asked as Dennett paused in hia recital to wet his whistle with, a drop of whisky, ' what did you do ?' ' What did I do 1 Wfaab could I dot I had the wretched devil taken to the best hotel in all Hokitika and placed under proper medical attendance; and I gave the doctor to under stand that I would pay for everything— in fact I did pav in advance— and I told him to spare nothing. 'And then, Seph V asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, ' what hap pened afterwards !' ' I left the town in a hurry to join in some gold rush tben on up Taurangi way and didn't see Dick until thirteen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside dowta with me, you can bet. I and a chum bad been working like niggers for months in a god-forsaken hole at Tauiangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time to keep us with dry tommy. ' And to make matters as infernally Dad as they could be my old chum, Roger Wolfendale, took the fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone- broke both in pocket and in spirit— hadn't a copper to curse or bless myself with and credit for neither a bite nor sup. 'I was just thinking of chucking digging there and cben and for ever and of begging my way to Otago, where I might turn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I ran against at the door of a saloon but Maori Dick. 'He was on the * go' as UBual, but he was sober enough to recognise me at onoe and to grip me fast. It didn't take me Jong to tell him how things stood with me and before X knew what I was doing I was inside the place and had the best the saloon oould offer in the way of eatables and drinkables.' ' Good old faosa !» qablh ttft Yankee,, with a sparkle ib his Bmall eyes. 'There's grit in die heathen after M. I reckon I owe that old fellow a drink.' 'But that wasn't all, Shellcombe,' Seph went on. 'Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my haudB, and when I wanted to talk about repayment or him want ing some of ft he simply ran away and left me, Since then I have met him many a time and nave offered him repayment. But I ehall never doso again.' »' How's tiiatpwdr the Yankee demanded somewhat sharply. 'Because I do not want to insult him,' was Seph's reply. ' Low as Maori Disk appears to have fallen the heart of a man still beats in his breast, no matter how much he may try to hide tbe fact by making a beast of himself. The last time 1 ventured to Bpeak to him about tbb money he implored me with tears in his eyes — the first time I or anyone else ever 6awr him betray any eign of feeling — never again to offer him that crowning insult after what I done for him in Hokitika/' 'I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hand!' Grauby burst forth. 'There's better stuff in that old demoralised savage than all tbe gang he is treating there at the bar !' ' I'm with you there, pard,' drawled Ike, as be munched bis mouthful of thick twist, ' I guess I shall have to make Maori Dick's acquaintance just for tbe sake of telling him that he's a darned heap better than I used to think him.' 'Tben you'll have a chance now,' Dennett cried suddenly. ' for Dick's coming over here I can see. He's spotted me— here fie comes.' Soit was. The tall, gaunt, negleotedlook ing fellow came across tbe place at a gallop and was wringing Seph Dennett's fist in his own ere the others scarcely realised it. 'How are you, Soph, my boy?' the half tipsy vagrant cried loudly. ' All right I can see. Yes, I'm on the rampage again and mean to do the thing well on this especial occasion. Maori Dick doesn't count the cost when he is out for a holiday. Are these friends of yours, Seph ? If they are I should like to feel their hands.' Seph presented hie comrades in an off-hand way and the mysterious reveller continued, ' Glad to meet you all, gentlemen— you spe cially, Seph. I want to tell you something some day. But that's not the question now. Kb my shout this time, so give your special 'poison a name.' The drinkB were ordered and supplied, and as they sipped them they engaged in conversa tion respecting the gully aud itB denizens. 'Been here long, gentlemen ?' Maori Diok asked as he poised his tumbler of whisky and soda on high and watched the sparkling effer veseant bubbles wish the glance of a con noisseur. ' We only joined fhe rush this afternoon,' said Dennett. 'Have you been here long?' 'Jnsta few days only, and I waB chinking of moving ; bub I Bhall stay a litble longer now for the pleasure ot yout company. If you gentlemen will only help me to melt the dust you will confer an inestimable benefit upon yours faithfully. What do ? ' Maori Dick's speech was broken off abruptly and his face changed colpr with the quickness of a lightning flash. His attention has been arrested by the voices of some iiew arrivals, and oue of these, a- dark- bearded, eturdily formed man of fifty, be stared at as if a ghost or devil were confronting him. Tben without a word he turned, drained his glass to tbe dregs, and tried to slip out of the saloon. But he was not quick enough. Ere he reached the wide gaping doorway a burly form d&fched; forward and strong revengeful hands gripped him tightly. Maori Dicks assailant was the dark-bearded stranger at whom he had stared with fear and amaze, and the man's voice was ringing huskily, passion ately, savagely through the ealoon. 'You damnable hound !' the stranger hissed, with his fingers at Dick's throat. ' At last I have found you ! Now I'll wipe out your sin with your life '. Stir a foot if you dare and I'll put a bullet through your infernal carcase !' In a moment all was clamor and confusion. The diggers rushed in a crowd towards the struggling men, al agog with wonder as to the cause of the sudd in encounter. (To be continued.) 