TREAIRE. ROYAL. 'CAPTAIN: FRITZ," "The gentle rain .from heaven, however grateful in may be to the parching earth, can scarcely bo expected to gladden the hearts of those engager in theatrical management, and the heavy downpour which occurred on Wednesday necessarily had a depressing effect upoi the attendance at the Theatre Royal wien the musical comedy "Captain Fritz" w*s presented for the fir3t time in Ade laide. Although numerically weak, the audierra was by no means unappreciative, and the reception accorded Mr. Arnold's latert ventnre was decidedly cordial. Wr-tten by Mr. Henry Hamiltou, the adapter of "Moths" and the author of "Harvest" aid other well-known plays, " Captain Iritz" is a comedy founded on the late General Hamley's novel, "Lady Leigh's Widowhood." The story is perhaps a little impossible, and occasionally approaohes mild melodrama, but it is enlivened by brightly written comedy scenes, which are taken full advantage of by Mr. Arnold in the role of Captain Fritz. Briefly the story of the comedy is founded on tbe malevo lent tactics adopted by one CoIodbI Vereker to remove a youngs'ter who stands between him self and the family estates, and the frustration of his wicked schemes by the boy's guardian angel in the person of a gallant and kindly hearted German officer. The action of the play opens at. Vereker Chase, now in ihe possession of the widowed Lady Vereker and her son, Sir Geoffrey Vereker, a boy of tender years. On the out skirts of the estates Lady Vereker has en couraged the settlement of a band of gipsies whom she deems a valuable addition to the "picturesque" nature of her property, and one of these, Simeon Lake, the putative son of a former steward, -causes no end of mischief. Wishing to gain possession of some important papers which he believes are concealed in the ■ houee, Lake hangs about the park, and insulting Lady Vereker, is promptly knocked down by Captain Fritz Von Holstein, who opportunely arrives on the scene. Thirsting for revenge, he suggests to Colonel Vereker a plan for getting rid of the youthful baronet to their mutual benefit. To this scheme the scoundrelly colonel gives his assent, and the boy is ab ducted in such a manner that circumstantial evidence makes it appear that he has been drowned in the black pool in the wood. This everyone believes but Captain Fritz, who, disguised as _ an Israelitish "Fence," boldly ventures into the gipsy encampment, and after an encounter between its occupants and a conveniently arranged file of soldiers, succeeds in carrying off the. child. The comedy ends of course with the discomfiture of Colonel Vereker and an odor of orange blossoms, all tue virtuous characters of the play pairing off in the good ohi-fashioned way. As Captain Fritz Mr. Charles Arnold presents a handsome appearance in the uniform of a German naval officer, and manages to invest, the character with that romantic individuality which forms the principal charm of his "Hans the Boat man." The two characters of course are widely different, but Fritz is one of those generous lovable natures which Mr. Arnold knows so well how to portray. The songs introduced during the action of the play bid fair to become as popular as those of ." Hans,"' "The woolly bear" and "My pipe and I" both being very taking, while a pretty little ,song, "Fairy bubbles," is particularly" fetching. Fritz is sitting alone in the haunted room of Vereker house, when a tiny nightgowned " ghost" steals across the floor iu the person of Sir Geoffrey. The little fellow cannot sleep and so Fritz takes him on his knee, and while the youngster blows his iridescent bubbles the kindly German Bings; his pretty song. The song of " Private / Tommy Atkins" is , one ot those' rollicking, martial strains which set the feet-goingj and is certain to "catch on." Miss Dot Frederics as Sybil Errington, a young lady who afterwards pro mises to be Mrs. Von Holstein, acted with such vivacity and naivete as to gain her tbe entire approval of tlie audience, and her comedy scenes ', with Fritz were particularly good. Lady Vereker found a charming representative in Mils Agne3 Knights, and Prisoilia Gedge, a forbidding old housemaid, was ably portrayed by Mrs. Walter Hill. Miss Blanche Carlyle made the most of a small part as Dinah Wurzle, and little Jessie Mead acted naturally and intelligently as Sir Geoffrey Vereker. Mr. F. W. Leonard as Simeon Lake, the gipsy, was seen to greater advantage than during the early part of the season, a remark which also applies to Mr. Percy Brough's impersonation of Corporal Soyer. Mr. E. W.' Thomas' w;p responsible for a humorous sketch of an ajnorous old country squire, and Mr. A.j E. Matthews did I his best as Dr. Earie. As the wioked coloneL Mr. Harry; Hill was not a success. In appearance more like'a Hebrew I turf agent tlian an " officer and a gentleman," he was about the mildest mannered villain ever known outside a Lonkoh Journal, which is saying a good deal The other members of the company did well in minor parts, and _ as j dfte the season cfees to-night and " Captain Fritz" will be again presented a crowded house may | be expected. 