OLD THAD'S STRATAGEM, Thad Bainhridce, or ' Old Thad,' ' as he was known far and wide through out north-western Minnesota, left his New England home at an early age to emigrate to the beautiful lakes and rivers of what has since been well named the Park Region of Minnesota. Tall, raw-boned and capable ol endur ing as much privation #as any Indian, he hunted and trapped wherever he found came and fur most abundant, in defiance of the savages who claimed that country for their own. Years later, when settlers had driven away the Indians, as well as most, of the game, Old Thad, too much in love with the locality to follow the Indians and the game, built a snug cabin upon the edge of a wide stretch of timberv and meadow land, whereta deep, clffar stream emptied into a lake of con siderable size, and settled down to adapt himself to the new order of things. ' He could never make up his mind to become a farmer, but spent his time in hunting and trapping, as he had always done. A good neighbor he was. Whenever he returned from a successful hunt, a saddle of venison or bear meat was pretty certain to find its way to our house on the shores of the lake, in return for the hams and bacon which my father sometimes sent him. ? My father was no hunter, but when I became old enough to handle a rifle he often allowed me to accompany Old Thad on' his expeditions. I went al most wild wi$i joy whenever I was granted a holiday of this sort Old Thad was a jolly companion and one of the best story tellers that I ever knew. We had no end of sport and met with no end of adventures, both on land and water ; but my greatest delight was to sit by our camp fire at night and listen to the old man as he recounted his stirring early adventures among the In dians. His tales of hand-to-hand encoun ters, of cunning strategy, of hair breadth escapes, all told in a manner that convinced me of their truthful ness, would fill a large volume if duly reported. Coming down the Otter Tail late one autumn day after a successful deer hunt, we landed to portage or carry our canoe and its heavy load down past one oi tne numerous rapius lur wmtii mui river is noted. At the foot of the rapids we embarked again, to paddle down to a good camping place, a short distance below. 'How'd you like, to shoot them rapids, with a load of furs and traps aboard ?' said my companion, as we took up our paddles. . . ' I should certainly want to say good by to my friends before I .tried it,'. I replied. ' I wouldn't care to try it again my self, but I did it once,' said Thad. ' It was a ground-hog case, though, I tell you, for, I just ,had to do it or : lose my scalp. But I made the biggest haul of fur that night down in these woods that I ?- ever made in my life. Tell you all about it when we get into camp.' '- You see,' he began when we ' sat down to a supper of fried venison, hardtack and coffee, with our feet to the fire, while the bark canoe, turned upon its side, protected our backs from ? the sharp west wind; 'yon see I'd \- been trapping all the fall up above here and catched the prettiest lot of fur you ever set eyes. on ?: All this country be longed to the Mandan Sioux then. It was just about as much as a man's life was worth to let them Indians catch him in these parts; ; 'T hadn't seen the first red for all the time I'd been trapping that fall and I made up my mind that they had all . gone further west, for their regular fall buffalo hunt. So I was paddling along as careless as you please ? late one , evening, about a mile above the rapids, ; where that big creek puts in from the east. ' Well, I tuck a good look up the ? ? creek,- as I always did up every stream when paddling in hostile country, and what did I see come poking round the bend but the noses of a pair of big , canoes. .. . _ ? ? ' Iknowed too well what was in 'em and I didn!t stop to get : a good look \at the crews,, but just dug my paddle . into the water and tried to get past , the . mouth of that creek and out of sight. ? '.'I heerd .the Indians give a yell | \- just as I; swept' past the mouth. The ncx' second crack went a couple of rifles. - The bullets came cross lots . through .the tall grass and went whist . ling over my head. Then.I kney I was in for it. It I it ...no n ,1 1- 1- - ? to the rapids and quick as flash I made up my mind what to do. You can bet that birch'-bark darted down stream for -the' next jnile. Tlie reds yelled like maniacs when they came out in the river and could see. me paddling away from ?'em. I .? could^see thereiwere lour of 'em, two in each canoe. They couldn't be loaded much heavier than I was, and they could catch me any way by running ashore and taking it , on foot j but 1 knew they'd stick to the water as long as I 'didn'tland.. , ' 1 teil youj if ever you get a parcel ?, of - reds after .you, just do something that will 'make their black eyes pop out ,of .??'.their.' heads— something startling, : you know.' They're chock lull of super , ) stition-.. and? : born cowards, every one, where anything unnatural is con cerned. . - * i . ' When they see a fellow do some thing which they have no idea any human being . would dare to attempt, its' just , strikes . their weak spot every time, i i . ' If they don't-come to the conclusion ? that : he is - an evil spirit and let him ^lone entirely, they're mighty sure to form a good opinion of his courage; and they know that . they can't calcu late at all on what's going to happen when they meddle with such a fellow. That just knocks the pluck out of the varmints. ' So instead of landing and taking to my heels, which looked to be the only chance of saving my scalp, I just paddled right straight on. 'But I didn't impress 'em very much, lor I could tell by the way the Indians yelled that they thought I just didn't know enough to land 1 I suppose they thought I was some greenhorn that didn't know anything about fighting Injuns and was scared out of my wits to boot. ' They all paddled like Sam Hill and kept up the tarnalest screehing you ever heard. Of course they gained on me fast, with two paddles to my one, and I wondered why they they didn't .shoot— the two that hadn't fired at first. But it didn't take me long to see what their game was. 'They thought I'd have to land when I came to the rapids, and they were holding their fire to pick me off at short range while I was making a landing. ' That tickled me so that I had to laugh and I paddled all the faster as I got within hearing of the rapids. ' When I reached the first riffle, the reds wern't more than twenty rods behind me, paddling and yelling like mad. I never let up till I could feel the swift current pulling the canoe along. Then I turned round and swung my old hat at 'em and yelled like a steam-engine. ' Well, if you wouldn't a-died laugh ing to see theifl Sioux about that time. They stopped paddling and stared at me like they'd seen a ghost, as I went shooting into the big rollers. ? If I'd gone down without saying anything they'd thought it only an accident ; but when I laughed an yelled at 'em it made their hair stand 1 ' They could have popped me over as easy as nothing at the distance, but there wasn't one on 'em that had sense enough left to think of shooting. I felt kind of ticklish myself, but I thinks : ' In a case like this the bold est course is always the safest' If I can ride her through I'm all right and if I happen to bust on a rock it won't be no worse'n being hacked to pieces and scalped. ' I reckon I've * steered a canoe through as rough places as any man alive, but, I tell you, I never got into such a roaring, whirling, mixed up mess of rocks and water as that was. My canoe jumped and dipped and was half-full of water in less than no time. But I didn't happen to hit any rock and I was very soon sailing into deep water. 'Then I ran my canoe ashore at a sharp bend, jumped out into the river and threw my steel traps into deep water beside a big rock, where I could, find them agin. Then I flipped, the canoe bottom side up and set it drift ing down stream. ' My furs and blan kets I let drift too — looked jest as if I d upset ; and I knew the whole kit would be picked up by the Indians, anyhow. ' I had got out of sight the reds at a turn before I was half through the rapids, but I knew they'd land above and come down the bank to see what had become of me. So I grabbed my rifle and ran down in the edge of the water till I come to a little creek a few rods below the rapids. 'I ran up the creek a few rods to where a nose of rock made a turn in it and there I slipped off my wet moc casins and leggings and wrung them out and carried them, so that I would not make any tracks of water on tbe rocks when I went ashore. Then' 1 hurried off up to the top of the rise of rocks and took shelter^ in some bushes. ' Well, I hadn't any more than got hid before I saw 'em come tearing down, a couple of them oh each side of the river. When the two on this side saw my canoe and things floating, they set up a regular war dance. All was so natural that the canoe and pad dle should go floating around the big bend if I was upset -that it fooled them. ' They might have had a little doubt about it, but when they ran down the river a piece further to look for my dead body — to scalp it, I suppose — they found my hat and paddle and that set tled it. ' Oneof themswumoutand collected everything of mine ; then all four went back up stream to where they'd left their own canoes. Then they carried them over the portage just the same as we aid ours just now. ' Alter loading my things into my canoe again, they paddled all three canoes down to these woods and went into camp on the very spot we're sitting on. ' ' It was just about dark at that time. As soon as 1 saw their camp-tire blaz ing up and knew they were busy cook ing supper 1 fished my traps out of the water and I made a circle out on the prairie. 1 struck the river again jest below this point ot timber and laid tne traps on a big rock, where I could find them easy. ' Vou can bet that I meant to git out of them parts as soon as tne reds went to sleep and 1 didn't calkerlate to go afoot, neither. ' ' Maybe them reds didn't have a pow wow that evening alter they'd inspected my kit and hung my wet turs and blan kets to dry. ' I crept up close enough to see what they were doing. Tney had one canoe turned up on one side ol their fire just like ourn here and tne way they laughed and talked and roasted venison and gorged was a caution. 1 couldn't make out their gibberish, but I knew well enough that tney was brag ging about the nice lot ot ? lur tiioy had captured and telling how they would be sure to nnd my body floating away down the river next day and get my scalp. '* 1 thought they'd never quit laugh ing and eating, but ttiey did hnaliy and wrapped their blankets around 'cm and snuggled up to the canoe with their feet I to the fire. | ' I waited till I thought they was I all asleep and then crept round to I where they'd left the other canoes. Well, I jest about busted to keep from laughing when I see how they'd left things ! They'd made so sure that I'd gone to the bottom that they'd emptied them furs out of one of them canoes to the other one and left that and mine right on the bank with all four of their own paddles and mine too. ' They'd turned my canoe bottom up to dry and hung my blankets and such of my furs as was wet over a limb for the same purpose. ' I got my canoe into the water with out a sound, piled in my things, and then peeped into theirs to see if they'd anything worth taking. I didn't much expect they had, but when 1 come to lift things out confound my picture if they didn't have a whole raft of beaver and otter. ' I thought I had a good lot myself, but they had twice as much. It didn't take me long to git it out of their canoe into mine, I can tell you. ' ' All's fair in love and war,' says I ' and you can consider yourselves lucky to get off so cheap.' You see I could have^ killed every one of the sleeping villains as well as not It was against my principle to kill an Indian uneless it was necessary. ' Besides, if I'd killed them when they was asleep, they'd never have known how bad I had fooled them ; and that was tickling me as much as they was tickled at finding all my fur. So I shoved their canoe into the water and towed behind mine as I paddled down stream. ' I took every one of their paddles and kept them, too, for many a long day. ' When I knew I was out of hearing I knocked their canoe into bits with my hatchet. Then I took my traps aboard and set in to do some tall pad dling. ' My canoe was loaded down nigh to the water with all that fur, but the current was mighty swift and a big load didn't make much difference. I knew the Sioux wouldn't open an eye before morning and with that much start I wasn't afraid of them catching ma ' Fact is, after what had happened, I didn't much think they would care to follow me. And they didn't neither. -Leastwise, I reached the trading-post and got the money lor the lurs without seeing hide nor hair of any more In dians.' 