DRAMATIC NOTES. The complimentary benefit concert to Miss Ethel Haydon takes place at the Melbourne Town-hall on Tuesday, 21st inst., under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, the Countess of Hopetoun, the Chief Justice and Lady Madden, the Mayor of Melbourne, Mrs. Snowden, Sir .William and Lady Clarke, and other distinguished citizens. The following artistes assist, Lyric Club Orchestra ot 50 performers, St. Paul's Cathedral Quartet, Miss Marie Elster, Miss Ida Osborne, Miss Charlotte Hemming, Signor Buzzi, Mr. Charles Saunders, Mr. H. Stoneham, and Mr. Ernest Wood. Mr. George Darrell made his re- appearance at the Theatre Royal, Mel- bourne, on Saturday last, when he gave the public, in the form of a four act melodrama, a few of the ideas he had Sicked up during his tour in America. [e seems to have made the acquaint- ance of tho head of the Chicago police, who confided to him a startling story about the extraordinary deeds of a notorious gambler. Mr. Darrell scented dramatic material in these incidents, and they were made to funish forth a bloodthirsty feast. " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray " at ' Princess Theatre. Melbourne, has been withdrawn, ami Lumley's comedy " Aunt Jack " is now running merrily. I At the Alexandra Theatre,Melbourne, | on Saturday evening, Mr. Dan Barry revived Seudamores drama " True i Metal." The piece furnishes excellent opportunities for Miss Dora Mostyn, Mr. Dan Barry, and Mr. Dalzell, and was well received. The Cogill Bros, are still favoured with splendid houses at the Bijou Theatre. Misses Stella Stewart, Queen and Stowe have made their appearance with the company. At the Alhambra Theatre Mr. F. M. Clark's company, aided by Mr. Steve Adson, Miss Blanche Montague, Mr. W. Kirby, and Air. J. Alberto continue to attract large audiences. Mr. Harry Rickards is to join Mr. F. M. Clark's Company at the Alhambra, Melbourne, for a short season. The Lynch family of bell ringers and glassophonists have commenced what promises to be a very successful season at the Athensuum-hall Melbourne, and besides the Lynch brothers Miss Doris A. Mitchell, Mr. L. A. Sanders, Mr. Miller Fraser, Mr. W. Boyle, Mr. W. Watkins, and Mr F. E. Ford strengthen the company. The concert in Melbourne to be tendered to Mrs. Palmer on her birth- day, the 28th inst., promises to be a great success. A large and enthusiastic committee has been working energeti- cally, and already about 1,500 tickets have been issued. It is pleasing to know the concert has been so warmly taken up, as Mrs. Palmer's long and meritorious services on the concert platform and in charitable work deserve a hearty acknowledgment from the citizens of Melbourne. At Her Majesty sTheatre, Sydney, "A Lion's Heart," the new drama by Messrs. Shirley, and Landeck, continues to justify its reputation as a strong play. The curious regulation of the French Government under which the good con- duct prisoners at Noumea choose wives from the convict batches on the island, is illustrated witli a mixture of fun ana pathos which helps not a little to sus- tain the interest of the drama ; and Mr. Rignold here gives a forcible present- ment of Pierre Rizardo, the wild-beast tamer. The Telegrajjh says :-" No doubt the conditions assist him. The strange dressof aforeign lion tamer,who carries his ideas of external effectiveness out into the everyday world, makes his appearance weird, and the lines are written for a stur. But the art of the actor is excellent. When he has found his human serpent, dashes it to the ground, and thrown off those who would hold him back, he looks precisely like what the authors schemed to portray, a half-savage beast, which stands over its prey heedless of the hounds that snarl and snap all round." " Paul Jones," after being played for a week to splendid houses at the Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, has been withdrawn in favour of " Mamzelle Nitouche," which was presented for the first time in Australia. The theatre was packed,. and the piece, which is really a musical farce, was an immense success. It was followed by a series of charmingly arranged tableaux vivants, representing celebrated pictures and , pieces of statuary. Dan Barry (says Sydney Truth) was once playing in an up-country town- ship m Victoria, and as he hod adver- tised vice-regal patronage he deter- mined to have Sir Henry Loch there at any cost. The vice-regal party, however, declined Dan's offer to como and see his blood and thunder dramatic show ; but, nothing daunted, Barry rigged up a.super a la Governor, and another as his private secretary,reserved a front seat, draped it with Turkey red cloth, played, the National Anthem as the bogus vice-regalities entered, did the show to a packed house, and not till the next day did the villagers drop down to the trick that had been im- posed on them. Pattie Brown returns to Australia in March, with Alfred Maltby's company for a six months' season in Melbourne and Sydney. What a number of Fuldisher Shihts are now assailing the variety stage, re- marks acontomporary. Cogill Brothers' show at, Melbourne Bijou has no less than four on tho job. And, by the way, with reference to Jews adopting the stage as rt means of livelihood: They are either good or bad, and extremes in either degree, as they are at everything else. The Jew hates to see one of his race not up to the mark, especially in public. Minnie Hicks, the victim of the brutal murder at Port Melbourne, is reported, to have been one of the most accomplished singers and pianistes out-, side the profession. Bella Pcrman, who has been seriously ill for some time, is now on the con- valescent list. The Government. Printing [Office Dramatical and Musical Society gave a performance at the Royal Standard Theatre, Sydney, last Monday. " Nita's First " and " Deception, or Love at First Sight," was played. . A six nichts'revival of "Friends," ¡i dramatisation of ono of the most en- during and attractive of Sardou's plays -" Nos Intimes "-has been given by Mr. Garner's company at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney. Mr. Garner is sup- ported by Mr. Oates, Miss Edith Blande, Air. Diver, Mr. Hans Phillips, Mr. Edwin Kelly, Miss Hilda Fraser, Miss Madge Herrick, and Miss Ruth Wilmot. Air. Bland Holt commenced his Adelaide season on Saturday, 11th inst., with " A Million of Money." Miss Henrietta Watson is in tho company, and is making her final Australian ap iipnrmir-í»! I Hudson's Surprise Party hold the boards at the Bijou Theatre, Adelaide. The company is numerically strong. Cyril Tyler, the marvellous boy soprano, is to commence his series of 40 concerts in the Australian colonies at tho Town Hall, Adelaide, on the 23rd inst. 1 Te is under engagement to Mr. W.IT. Poole, thcEnglisliimprcsario. who lias previously introduced musical and vocal celebrities to the colonies. ? Lyle's Dramatic Company occupy tlie Theatre Royal, Brisbane, and are playing "Tho Ticket of Leave Man" and dramas of a similar kind, varied with scenes from Shakespeare. Miss Maggie Moore closed at the-' Opera House, Brisbane, on Tuesday Itöfc in {'feg WoffingtöB." She >&# pr«viöoÜy prbauced the American Comedy drama, "The Golden Giant,"! with success. I Thornton and Arnold's Company opened at Theatre Royal, Brisbane, on the 15th inst. in " Charley's Aunt." The Montague-Turner Company and the Belle Cole Concert Company will be in Wellington at thesame time, one at the Opera House and the other at the old Theatre Royal. The Montague-Turner Cpera Company put in two extra nights to their Auckland season, and _ in Napier the booking was the heaviest done for years. Mr. John Bennett exhibits an interest ing relic of the old Victoria Theatre, Pitt-street, Sydney, being the payshects for Juno 12 and 19, 1847-just 47 years ago. Amongst the autographs-31 in number - acknowledging that the "ghost walked," are those of J. Gordon Griffiths, John and Frank Howson, Andrew Torning, Frank Nesbitt, M'Cron, Madame Carandini, Mrs. Thom- son (mother of Mrs. Charles Young, afterwards Mrs. Hermin Vezin), and Mrs. Gnerin. Only two of tho 31 now live-Andrew Torning and Mrs. Guerin, now Mrs. Richard Stewart, sen., and mother of Mrs. Harwood, Nellie and Maggie Stewart, and Richard, jun. The paysheet does not disclose_ the salaries paid at that time. Mr. J. C. Williamson, the Melbourne impresario aud manager, is negotiating with Madame Melba to give 20 concerts in Australia during 1895. According to the Signa/, more than sixty new operas were produced in Germany last year, though about a third of them were small one-act works. Perhaps the most successful was Herr Humperdinck's " Hansel and Gretel." In speaking of the English troupes now in New York city, the Dmmatic News says that the street cleaning department is kept busy sweeping up the h's that are dropped on Upper Broadway by the chorus of the " Cinderella " and "Utopia" companies. Mr. Walter Reynolds, once very well known in tho colonies, has taken a twenty- one years' lease of the Leeds Theatre Royal, which has the greatest holding capacity of any theatre in the United Kingdom (outside London). 3,553 persons paid for admission on Boxing Day, 1892. Wirth Bros., the circus proprietors, now in South Africa, have secured for the Adelaide Zoological Gardens two zebras and three pig nosed baboons. They state that the kangaroos, dingoes and pelicans that they purchased froni the gardens have been a great draw at the Cape. The death is announced of Madame Alboni, the famous singer. Marietta Alboni, Marquise Pepoli, whose second husband was M. Charles Sieger, a French officer, had for some years retired from the stage. Her corpujency, which set in almost at the beginning of her career, finally became so marked that her appearance on the stage was not only painful, but almost impossible. Almost up to the last she maintained her joyous temperament. She was C8 years of age. Eight members of the company of the Royal Theatre, Copenhagen, arrived at Hadersletein (Schleswig) on June 0 for the purpose of giving a number of performances in Danish. Although the prohibition of the production of plays in Danish was recently with- drawn, the actors and actresses were immediately arrested and ordered to leave the province. A recent strike of the Prague orchestra-one of the best in Europe far an increase in salary, has revealed the fact that these musicians receive less than £4 a month. They complain that they " have to live like paupers, and are compelled, after fatiguing re- hearsals, to copy music or give lessons in order to earn au extra penny, even their wives being obliged to assist them in. the task of earning their daily bread." The old Olympic, in London, first opened as Astley s Amphitheatre in 180G, is to be pulled down. The success of the Olympic was at its height during the management of Madame Vestris, which ended in 1839, but spells of popularity were enjoyed by Robson ana Emben with " The Porter's Knot," and again in 1864, when Henry Neville made so great a hit in " The Ticket of Leave Man.' Lord Francis Pelham-Clinton Hope, who has just figured in the Bankruptcy Court with liabilities of nearly £500,000, is heir presumptive to the dukedom of Newcastle. His surname of Hope he takes from his mother's side, who was a Miss Hope, of Deep Dene, Surrey. Mr. Gladstone, it will be remembered, was one of the trustees of the estate of the late duke. Lord Francis is only 28, so that ho has gob through his £500,000 pretty quickly. He is said to be married to Miss May Yohe, a lively burlesque actress, who once graced the Melbourne boards. At the State Concert recently given by the Queen at Buckingham Palace, a song by_ Sullivan was sung by Miss McKenzie, and another by Goring Thoraas was sung by Edward Lloyd. Those were the only two itencs of English composition in a long pro- gramme of foreign music, The Era complains of foreign players and singers who are requested to appear at Court. If these professions were not quite so subsetvient to the classes and royalty they might receive more considerate treatment. At the Adelphi " The Two Orphans " is now running with great success. Mr, William Riguold, well-known to Anti- podean playgoers, has a leading part along with Mr. Charles Cartwright, an actor of great power, and who bids fair, judging from his recent performance, to step at once into the front rank of his profession. Mr Cartwright is a cultured and sympathetic actor, and the higher the rôle he attempts the more successful he appears to bo. His performance at the Adelphi is a careful and admirable filing, and he well merits the applause which his clever acting nightly calls forth. In a play in winch Sarah Bernhardt is now appearing in Paris, there comes a time when she rushes into a room and flings herself, in an agony of despair, on the corpse of her beloved. This is the most coveted rule in the play. All Sarah's admirers jilead to be wept over. Eminent people from all parts of the country write and beg to be the corpse at least for one night, and Sarah writes back :-" Impossible for to-night ol- io-morrow ; the poet, X., is the corpse to-night, and Viscount Y. to-morrow, but you can have the third night ; wire, and don't be late." This is the very latest. ' At the Criterion the revived play " The Candidate," which is again in the _bill, is going with oven greater vim "than was the case durine its previous season. Mr. Charles Wyndham, who is, without doubt, one of the finest actors of his time, has a particularly strong part, and there is an additional interest to colonials in the fact that Miss Fattie Browne, has a part in the play. The principal among the lady parts, as a matter of course, is in the hands of Miss Mary Moore, one of the most charming and accomplished nrtn.«m; if nrounnl. rai rho Kl.'irrr. in stating thal Mr. Irving lias just sent a donation of ten guineas to the Bible Christian Clmpol.Keinton-Mande ville, Somersetshire, on the occasion of its anniversary, the British Weekly says that the great tragedian "was born at a cottage in a villago street, which lias the neat appearance that marks all the cottages in these parts, on account of the famous blue Jias used in their erection. His father, Jnamed Brodrib, was a journeyman tailor, and worked for an old master called Sims, who ein pjoyed many hands. Many of the' villagers remember the father and his now famous son. Air. Irving'» letter gardsyed the .expression of 'land re- gards to old friends.'" Madame Frances Saville has accepted an engagement at the Paris Opera Comique, where she will appear about Christmas time. Previous to this the rupw Australian prima donna will fulfil an engagement in Russia for the coming autumn, Madame Saville has done an immense amount of work both in England and on the Continent, and all good judges who have heard her lately declare that the improvement both in voice and style is almost as remarkable as in the case of Madame Melba. It is, however, yet to be proved whether she possesses the requisite physical strength and vocal endurance for the arduous work of a prima donna under the climatic conditions of the four countries where salaries range highes t- Russia, England, America, and France. The London correspondent of the Argus writes that Madame Melba has followed up her triumphal re-appearance as Marguerite in " Faust" with equally successful appearances in "Lucia di Lammermoor" and "Rigoletto." The former has always been a prime favour- ite with the Australian prima donna. As Lucia, Madame Melba made her first great hit at Covent Garden, and it was then recognised after the mad scene that a veritable rival to Patti had come to the Old World from the Antipodes. If anything her performance of Lucia is vocally stronger and better than ever, while experience has taught her to make the most of the histrionic opportunities afforded by the part. Gilda in "Rigoletto" suits her almost equally well, and it is in these famous operas of the old Italian school that Madame Melba undoubtedly displays her superiority as an operatic artiste. A London musician writes :-" One has only to visit a Popular Concert at the St. James's Hall, where the elite of musical culture are supposed to foregather, in order to get a typical idea of the popular taste. The men as a rule, are unutterably bored, and attend mainly in the capacity of cavaliers to the women. Most of the gentler sex are uninterested listeners, but a sprinkling of them - usually young - wear the St. Cecilia expression on their faces, and try to throw up their eyes artistically, as though they were in an agony of enjoyment. Ex- pressions such as " lovely," " charming," how difficult," " tone colour," and the other dregs of musical slang abound, and scores and librettos are carried in numbers, rather for show than re- ference. The majority of these people have a hollow, false admiration for the " classic " music of the old masters, which they neither properly under- stand nor appreciate. They have no more musical life of their own than a barrel organ, and the standard of their attainments is regulated by what the " certificated music-teacher"' can impart. Their criticism is mere babble, based on the somewhat arti- ficially-subtle notices they read in the newspapers, and amongst them the art or music is not founded upon music at all, but on composers' names." W. D. tfEAOOOK, NEW WHARF, FRUIT EXPORT AGENT. Regular Quotations by Cable from Inter- colonial Forts. Liberal Oash Advances against Consign- ments. Uases, Paper, and Nails at Iiowost Rates. Account Bales and Returns Promptly Rendered. Í0 ADViusTO Motiibrb t-Ar« jon broke h In you rat by a »lok child suffering with tho pain of cutting tooth. Go at once to a chemist and get » Ijottlo of Mrs. Winslow*« Sootuiho Bvuur. It will rollova the poor suffcror lmmr.rthtoly. It is perfectly harm- less ana pleasant to taste. It produces natural quiet iloep by relieving tho child from pain, and the Utile cherub awakes " as bright as a button. It soothes tho child, it softens tho gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the howell, and Is tho beat known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, wh other arising from toothing or other onuns Mw.Wlnalow'aSooth lag Syrap Is sold by medicino dcalors evorrwhore it a, ltd. per battle 