TALK ON 'CHANGE. I'm a lot of money "in" over the Cup meeting. I was "put on" to a dead cer tainty for every race. I didn't back one of them, and not one of them won, so, cal culating that I might have put a sovereign on each race, I am ever 60 many pounds in pocket. So, in a happy, thankful frame of mind, I raise my tuneful voice in the follow Jay, " I Lay the Cup ":— There is a fine racehorse called Patron, The pride of his sire and his matron, As he flashed past the post, How all Israel's host Yel:ed, " S'help me, Bob 1 dot vas a great run! Twas a jolly good horse that ran second, And fortune his followers beckoned. The cry rose to heaven, " Hurrah ! Devon wins I'. Devon 111" But it wasn't as sure as they reckoned. A Bmart little filly is Nada, Her owner thought nought could retard her, She ran a great mare, And would have got there Had she gone juet a little bit harder. They were plucky who plunged upon Bruin, When his name rhymes so neatly with ruin. He was close to the front At the end of the hunt, So they must have known what they were doin'. " Ruenalf, you're a public betrayer," You hare proved that you are not a stayer. When you finished your run The public was done. * Thank God that be ' stayed,'" said the layer. In most of the church services we have a form of prayer in which we ask that our rulers may be endowed with wisdom, but there has always been a difficulty in deciding whether our petition has been granted or ignored. Was there ever a Government, for example, that was an entire failure in its own opinion or a complete success in any one else's ? It is a fault common to Governments, as to average humanity, to mistake ignorance for virtue, and meddlesomeness for progress. To make the thing more definite I would suggest a form of petition to the Fates who watch over politics, in which, while the old and more poetical demand for wisdom and Strength in the abstract is not altogether ignored, we should at the same time state specifically what kind of wisdom we want. Hereisa rough sample, which Mr. Fitzgibbon, Mr. Hayter, Mr. John Dow, or any other public-spirited poet might knock into shape:— " Endow our rulers with wisdom and strength, Give them purpose and power of brain ; Let the blessing be poured with a lavish hand, If their heads can stand the strain." Thus the fool for wisdom will pray and plead ; But the wise man laughs at the fool; The wisdom he wants is a cabled rise Of just threepence a pound on wool. M Do thou open our eyes and expand our minds, Hake the path as broad as clear, Till as leaders alert we're (heap as dirt At a paltiy too hundred a year, For the power to pilot a ooontiy straight Is iv faculty rare and sweet; If there's one thing greater in Austral eyes Ifs a shilling advance on wheat. ' When we aeek for a lesson from history's page, Oh! make us turn our face To that island when long ago was bom The genius of all our race. Flash an inspiration for truth and right ' Over ocean and isle and reef; If you'd better the gift flash us also the news Of a growing demand tor beef." "Ohl stand at the helm and steer the ship When the hurricanes howl and blow; Lest we drift in our straits to the Bankrupt Beef, Where the derelict vessels go; Seep the hearts of captain and crew, And—what's still more important—please Keep up—oh i keep up the London rates For poultry and butter and cheese." The question of appropriate names was being discussed—havingoriginated, no donbt, in the fact that Ruenalf, the Cup favourite, true only the name of the sire spelled beck ward, and one said, "Now, they should base elected Mr. Rail for Ballarat. It's a per feet name for a politician, when he's not standing up to rail, he's sitting down on a rail." "Yes !" said a cynic, " but how much more appropriate when you spell it back ward." Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P., of New South Wales, has accomplished what so many believers in spiritualism have tried in' vain, viz., induced a practical and up to-date spirit—possibly the Bhade of the late John Tait to tip the winner. The Bpirit was tapped four or five times for its opinion, per the usual, medium of a deal table, and being a ghost with positive opinions on turf matters, was bo persistent in giving Patron as "the straight griffin," that several members of the Sydney Legislature backed it, and won sums ranging from £50 to £500 apiece. Re marking en passant that a Parliament so composed is just the kind of far- seeing sensible Legislature to pull a country through its difficulties, and that our Ministers who visited the Cup—Messrs. Pea cock, Foster, Best, Taverner, and others— feebly "came a mucker" on Patron's fnll brother, Ruenalf, it must be a gratifying thing to Mrs. Mellon and her friends that the spirits—roused perhaps by the sneers of Sydney unbelievers—have dropped the mask and cheesecloth, and stepped boldly out into the realm of turf prophecy. Who knows but one may goad Mrs. Besant's Mahatmas into giving the office for next Newmarket Handicap ? Hitherto the medium's Cup tip has run something in this way:—"I see a num ber of horses running. A yellowish reddish black horse is leading. There is a jockey on his back clothed in gay colours—(" Wot are the colours, mum?" from an excited listener)— the colours look something like red, green, yellow, black, and blue ; now they change to j white, brown, pink, and purple; now to scarlet, gold, rose, and other colours. See, he leads \ Ha 1 he has won." Dr. Zakharin, the great Moscow physician, who, the cables tell us, was mobbed a few da)'8 ago because be failed to cure the Czar, combines in his own person, strangely enough, the characteristics of several of our leading physicians. To begin with, his name is strangely suggestive of sugar, though there is no sweetness in his disposition, for he is j brusque to the extent of rudeneBS. He only j attbnds wealthy persons on his own terms, which are enormously high, and prescribes j gratis for the poor, who none the less mob him. He is not sufficiently respectful to per-1 sons in high position—the Czarina, for j example—and when she makes requests which j he considers unworthy of notice &b; coming j from a woman to a great physician, he sends his assistant to look into the matter. He ; shocks the courtiers terribly by addressing the heir apparent to the Russian throne as it: he were an ordinary human being, and is I unconventional in bis modes of dressing. I i know nothing, however, of his attitude j towards the legal profession. This little story, if it serves no other pur pose, will give Mr. Peacock some idea of the 1 pathetic straits to which some of his super annuated teachers are reduced. One of them, who has had both long service and a long salary, was leaving a metropolitan school, and the staff subscribed a couple of pounds to buy him some little memento. He was asked what he would like, and the careful man replied that he would prefer the two pounds. "Have you seen Toughton's new suit?" he asked. " It's a magnificent check, and you can see him the full length of the street." j "Is it a very large check?" was the query. I " Large!" echoed the other. " 'Pon my soul, it's large enough to pay the national debt." The question of the new fernery was under I consideration, and the gardener authori tatively said, " There's on'y one way, sir, to git afun'ry, and that's to make it huggely j and hunriglar." And the notion was right, even if the diction be wrong. A Victorian member of Parliament, who has a large district to canvass, was kindly lent a retired hurdleracer named " Old Jack " by a supporter. The owner of the horse had an uncle who was popnlarly known as Old Jack. A few months alter the election the supporter wrote to the member and took occasion casually to mention that "Old Jack" was dead. Thereupon the member sat down and wrote a set of verses com memorating the old horse. I have not got | a copy before me, but they were very clever, and told how he ne'er lost the track, though I wet inside and out, when he trusted Old Jack. He added that e'en the electors1 might give him the sack, and no seat was so safe as when riding Old Jack. He con claded by expressing his pleasure that he never gave him a whack, or punched in the ribs his gallant Old Jack. In due time] he received an acknowledgment of the i verses from his friend, who said the family j were delighted with them, and he was going j to have them framed. He was Bure, he] said, in conclusion, that the poet would be glad to know that Old Jack, the horse, was alive and kicking, and it was only Old Jack, the uncle, who was dead. My old friend near the Erekine Ford is not one of your modern minstrels who, as the lady novelists say, "dashes off into a brilliant little morceau of Chopin's" on the slightest provocation. For many years he has had a violin and three stock airs—yet a thoroughly international selection, for they include "Annie Laurie," "The Death of Nelson," and " Haste to the Wedding." When I saw him lately he said, " Hello I I've got a new toonand he promptly " threw down de shovel and de hoe, and took up de fiddle and de bow." " What would the new tune be?" I wondered. "Had 'Daisy Bell/ or 'The Man who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo/ t&ken-the; fancy of this lone mountain musician ?" No, nothing of the kind; his brand-new, rollicking, np-to-date composition was " Ring the Bell, Watchman 1" The secrets of the oonfessional are sacred] as far as the priest is concerned, bat the! Binner sometimes tells. In a central gold mining town tbere is a very touchy little priest, and if sinners drop in on liirn when out of temper, they, in the words of one of the worshippers, "get rats." One of the flock found him in a favourable mood for confession; and told of his manifold offences. " I sometimes turn my horse into another man's paddock for a feed." " Ocli, shure that's nothing," Baid the confessor: " maybe he doesn't miss the bit o' grass, and wouldn't mind it at all. Whose paddock is it you turn him into, avich f' " Well, it's yours, father," was the modest reply. "Mine!" yelled the holy father, standing up suddenly. " Well, bad luck to your infernal impudence." As " his Riverence " held the infant in his arms ready for the christening he asked the fond father the name. " Octopus," was the reply, at which the whole company went into > shrieks of laughter. " Well," he continued, j with a reproachful look at his wife, " ain't it the eighth f' WOOMERA. 