THE LASS THAT LOil/ED A MINER. BY J. MONK FOSTER. .j.uthsr of "Stares of l'ttlc," "AMiuer'a Million," 41 Tbe "White Gipsy," "A Pit Brow Lassie " otc. A MAN'S FIUUBB 6PFAKQ THE SHADOWS. SVNOI'SIS OF rilEVIOUS CHAPTJ-RS. rjiAi'ir.i; I. to HL-Shudrach Deane, a collier at Aniltpniuif>d. effects the rescue of a fellow-workman -named David Southworth, who was impriaooed by a fail of roof, Southworth's brother introduces bim lo a. fnclory lassie, named Nanuie Wileou, and ati antiriiiicr" snrioes up which ripens iuto nllcctiou. CHAPTER IV.— At the Fair. It was a Saturday evening early in the last of the autumn months, and, for the time of year, the weather was exoeptionally fine and warm. The sun had gone down an hour or two ago : a full moon of deep yellow hung low in the heavens, and overhead the pale stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway of the skies. All the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town of Hollingford were crowded with people who were making their way— some in carts and waggonettes, others on foot — towards the wide patch of waste land on which Holling ford Pleasure Fair was held twice a year. - Among those who journeyed on foot were Shadrach Deane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wilson, and with thom were several pairs of lads and lasses from Amberswocd village and like themselves all were bent on a night of rollicking enjoyment. All the members of the party were in the highest of spirits, and as they strolled along two by two, each lad with his lass on his arm, they chatted in the gayest tones, laughed perpetually, andmade merry afterthethought- less, light hearted fashion of young folks who have money in their pockets and plenty of fun before them. Presently Shadrach and Nannie and their iricuds entered the ancient-looking and tri angular-shaped Market Place of Hollingford. Here the vehicles were landing the country people, and the soene presented was one ot tbo liveliest kind, for tne wide Bpaoe was ab solutely packed with all sorts and conditions of townspeople and villagers: all manners and kinds of stalls and hucksters' stands — while the air rang with every variety of noise. Butchers were vending their meat in stentorian voioes ; the sellers of cheap prints and odds and ends of drapery were extolling i their warns to the unsophisticated country women ; dealers in cocoanuts, fruit and . confectionery were belauding their goods in ' no uncertain tones ; while men and women, lads and lasses, and young children of both sexes pressed hither, thither, this way, and that towards their different destinies. Without muoh difficulty our party of young friends made their way through this small Babel, and in a minute or two were going along Meaneslane, the narrow street, void of side walk, which gave aocess to the fair ground from that side of the town ; and soon they were amidst a great Babel whioh dwarfed the one they had left into insignifi cance. To those who are familiar with the Lanca shire fairs bold in populous centres the scene which presented itself to tib&drach; and his friends will readily suggest itself ; and to those .who are not aoqnaintod with such carnivals of the masses, a few words of des cription may not prove amiss. The Fair Ground was an irregularly shaped piece of w&Bte; land a couple of hundreds of yaras long ana only a trine less in breadth ; it was unpaved ana unscwered, and during wet weather it was little better than a stretch cf mud, while in the dry Beason it was only a desert of dust. At the time Shadrach and the others paid the place a visit the ground was hard and dry, the dost having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of the fair was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, pro duced by the laughter and chatter and ex clamations of the people, the noise of braying bands of music playing in front of the booths, the exhortations of the showmen to ' Walk up! walk up!" and view the wonders to be eeeu alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the clatter of huge "rick-racks" ewung in strong hands, the screaming of blatant trumpets and bibulous trumpeters; the sharp reports of the guns at the ' shoot ing galleries;" the rattle of the "little- horses;" the whirr of the "flying boats" and other sounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. And then the shows. First and largest was the travelling circus with its clown, acrobats, b&re-baok; riders and dancing girls —the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, and capering about the platform in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping crowd below. Then camethe "Galleries of Art" — big peep-shows with various pictures ; next the .ghost shows and conjuring shows, sosugges- tiwof inexplicable mysteries to the simple Next were the ebows containing the Mammoth Stallion and the Miniature Pony ; toe Patagoman Giant, the Russian Dwarf, and the Circassian Beauty, all for one penny ; the boxing show where a huge black, and half-a- dozen villainous -faced pugilists, in vited the best man in the crowd lo a game of fisticuffs ; the pea saloous, where the lads and lasses were regaling themselves with plate- fuls of boiled blaok peas ; the toffy and oake stalls, where lads were trying to win tooth some morsels by speculating their pence and half -pence on the " turning- boards," as the mntiA J4JA (k. L . . __ _ — it a , c ojMuuwg p turners were called; while over all was the howling, screaming, hooting, hissing, discordant nproir of Hollingford Fair. With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced his way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party followed as best they could at their heels. Lach of the young men had a 44 pockety full of money," and as each was ont with his favored one, there was no thought of sparing their well -won cash. 3bey went the whole round of the shows, seeing all there web to be seen and enjoying "themselves to the utmost in their own simple' fashion. Then, when the booths were ex hausted, they repaired to the swinge, to the 44 tickling boxes," and the shooting ranges, 'where numberless pennies were expended in the vain endeavor to find the bull's-eye and ring the bell. At was while the young miners were hand- Bog the guns ana their sweethearts were standing behind watching them, that one of Nannie's companions touched her quietly on the shoulder, remarking in a low tone Look over there, Nannie." 1 4 Where r What is it, I'eggy ?" the girl asked as she turned round. " toe hotses. Don't von see him ? It s David Southworth." ? I see him now," the lass responded, Therelis tsdodgingawayamong the crowd. i J!?' care for him, and I never did, Nannie said, warmly. should have £eea the nasty look ' JLSftf?00' when he eaw" as all Lore SSm.' Shadraoh there with us. He jaet lookell u i if he wanted to throttle eome- body—very likely Shadraoh there." not why should he, Peggy4" Becaoeeyoa have chucKi him over, I '(841) 44 Chucked him over ! How could I chuck him over when I never kept his company P" " David used to say you did." 44 Then he told a lie." 44 Well, everybody lmows that he likes you," the lass named Peggy responded, " An' now that he has seen you with Shadrach he's certain to work you both all the ill-will he can." 44 Let him !" Nannie cried, stoutly, foaling quite safe in her love arid her lover's keeping. 44 1 can take care cf myself, and I dare say Shadrach can do as much for himself." A6 the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with Tier eyes, and saw David-Southworth again. He was standing behind a group of red-cheeked and plump, bodied country women, and, owing to his great height, was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was just balanoing the gun at his shoulder prepara tory to firing. She watched David keenly. There was a deep scowl on his great dark face, and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felt instinc tively that Southworth's soul was moved to its worst dcpthB, and that he would not ecrujfie while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Just as that thought flashed through Naunie's mind she saw David turn, his eye caught her's for a moment ; she snubbed him with a look, and he strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so, she considered, she was not to blame for any disappointment he might feel at that moment. Half an hour later, when both the young meaand their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and fan and frolic, they all set their faoes towards home, taking a short cut, which led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland and sweet smelling meadows. The great yellow harvest moon was now eailiog high in the dark vault above, and the peaceful country seemed donbly delightful after the bustle and clangour of the over crowded fair. Besides, the young folks were young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world. They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and ginger bread and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church ,at Ambers wood was striking eleven when 'Shadrach Deane aud Nannie Wilson said good night to each other at the oorner of the Fox and Goose. i They had parted and each went home ward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived Only a stone's ' throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall Lane for the dietanoe of half a mile. There were no lamps in the lane, and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, but under the trees the shadows were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swinging carelessly along, obliviouaof every thing buthis own pleasant thoughts. Shadrach was not a little startled when a man's figure glided — almost sprang from the shadows, and a deep voice exclaimed : 41 Is that you. Shadrach Deane F Wait a minute, for 1 want to speak to you." "Hello, David, is that you Dean responded, amiably enough, as he recovered from the momeutary shook, and recognised the man he had snatched from death. "Yes, it's me, Shadrach," the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, sb Shadrach came to a standstill. 44 I'm glad to see that you are all right agsio, David. I supyoee you've started work at last, I heard so." 4 That's not what I want to talk about. Southworth snapped out, in an aggressive tone. 44 What is it, then?" Shadrach asked, as he realised in a flash the purport of his fellow miner's presence there. 44 It's right about to-night — about you and Nannie Wilson ! What claim had you lo take her to the Fair I What right have you to con>e between her and me ! That's what I want to know, Shadrach Deane !" Southworth ejaculated. 41 You've no right to ask me suoh questions, Sonthworth — at least, I think not." 44 Haven't I ! Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now — " 44 She is mine !" Shadrach added, firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. 44 Is she F Don't be cock-sure about that You've me to reckon with before that job is settled." 44 But if Nannie doesn't care for you r" 41 She used to care for me — would have cared for me still but for your interference. I am very sorry now, I can tell you, Shadrach Deane, that I should have to think that I owe my life to you, Southworth said, bitterly. 44 I'm sorry also that anything should have come between us." 44 If that is so you can easily mend matters." 44 How ?" 44 By keeping away from the lass alto gether—as you ought to have done all along. Didn't my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping company ?" 44 He did tell me, and I believed what he said at the time. But now " 41 What now 44 1 know he told me a lie 1" 44 How do you malm that out ?" 44 1 will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nanuie of my own feelings in regard to her, I asked her if it was true that she was en gaged to yourself." 44 And "what did she say F" 44 She denied it most emphatically, and bald that she had never given you the slightest reason to thiuk she cared for you. After that I had a right to speak for myself ; I spoke and now the girl is engaged to me." 44 You mean' to marry her, then ?" 44 1 do — as soon as I can make her a com- ; fortable home !" Shadraoh replied. 44 And I swear that you never shall marry her while I live !" David Southworth hissed in husky tones. 44 Before I'd see her the wife of another man I'd shoot her — and the man too! 1 mean it, Shadrach Deane, by heaven! do, so yqu can't say I've not warned yon !" With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off, and Shadrach pursued his homeward journey. CHAPTER V.— Southwoeth's GiiATirt'de. One morning, about a week after the ocourrenoe of the eventa chronicled in the preoedingchapter. Shadrach De≠ stepped out of the.oage at the bottom of the Cali fornia Fit and made his way with' half a dozen more miners towards the oabin, about whioh a small crowd of colliers and their drawers were waiting to have their Davy lamps examined. Into the little cavern hewn out of the solid rock the men and lads passed one by one, ac cording to their " kail" or turn, and when the thin network of fine wire forming the lamp gauges had been carefully scrutinised to see that there were no defects in the meehef —when the lamps had been lighted and securely looked, the hewers of coal and the drawers thereof made their way out by the other door of the cabin, and proceeded to their allotted places in the mine. Presently Shadr&oh;'s turn arrived, and he plaoed his lamp on the table for the official whose business it was to examine it. Th» fireman stretched out his hand for the gauzes, looked up as he did so, and replaced them on the table instantly, remarking in an off- hand way: 41 It's no use examinin them yet, Shad rach." 44 How's that?" Deane asked. 44 Because," the fireman leplied. as he pro ceeded to examine the next miner's lamp, 44 thyplaoe has fallen up." 14 whereabouts ?" 44 In the middle of the drawing road. But don't go up the pit. The underlooker will, very likely, set you olean up the falL Wait at the oabin door till Bill Appleton oomee." Shadrach said he would do as the fireman 1 suggested, and picking up the various por tions of his Davy, he fitted themtogether and went outside, finding a seat on a full tub of coal near the doorway. He had not been sitting there many minutes before the lad who drew for him wiiiic uuwn vue pit, ana »aaaracn caied tor his assistant, aria told him of the fall of roof which had taken pl&oe; in their drawing road. The youth received the information without comment, aud seated himself beside his master. A little later David Southworth passed them. The two miners exchanged glances, but no words. Since that encounter in TunBtall Lane, now a week past, the rivals had not exchanged a syllable with each other, although they saw one another duly — often nightly also. Shadrach bore the other no grudge on ac count of the hot — even violent words David had used on the night of the Fair. His threats had been set down as due to the angry effervescence of the moment, and therefore not to be taken 'serionoty. But there was no gainsaying the fact that whenever the rivals chanced to meet either below ground or above, David's manner and countenance denoted neither Forgiveness nor forgetfulness. He glared at Shadrach with Bet mouth, grim face, ready, however, to burst into flame whenever oocaBion de manded. On the very morning following their heated interview in the lane, David and Shadraoh chaooed to meet at the pit shaft, aud to show that he bore no resentment, Shadrach had greeted the other with a genial 44 good morning, David." But the only response vouchsafed him was a sullen grunt and a baleful flash of the small half-closed black eyes. Then Shadraoh had laughed lowly — though not so faintly as to be inaudible to David who had turned sud denly as if half minded to resent his rival's sneer with a blow— or at least a bitter and nassionate exclamation. David, howe?er, did neither thing. His scowl deepened and darkeued until it beo&me; fiendish in its malevolence, then he went his way cursing in his throat. After that neither men threw a word at the other, and Shadraoh was plsased that it should be so. Time, he thought, would help to wipe out his rival's bitterness of feeling, and en able him to think reasonably of the lass he could not win aud the man who had won her. Half an hour slipped away while Shadrach and his drawer, littie Jack Haines, . were sit ting there awaiting the arrival of the under looker of tiie mine. It was nearly six o'clock now, and the 4 looker-on" and his assistants were arranging the lines of fall and empty waggons at the pit bottom, in readiness for the beginning of winding operations. In the last cage before six, the man in obarge of the mine oame down, and Deane followed him into the cabin. 44 Hello, Shadrach ; what are you doing here so late?" the underlooker, Bill Apple- ton, asked. "The roof has fallen in my drawing road," Deane replied, 44 and the fireman told me to wait and see you." 44 la there no place empty in which he could work to-day. Fen ton? the underlooker queried, as he turned to his subordinate. 44 There isn't," the fireman said. 44 All the men ate working to-day." 44 Isn't there room for two somewhere?" 44 There's room for Shadrach in David Southworth s place, I dare say," was Fentou's response. 44 And that place is a lot behind, isn't it, and wants poshing forward r" 44 It is." 41 Well, Deane, I think you had better work with Sonthworth to-day. It's the next place to your own, you know, and it will be better than losing a" day's work." 41 Anywhere else, if you like, Appleton," Sbadtack responded quickly. 44 1 don't care to work with David Sonthworth." 44 Why not F" the underlooker demanded. 44 Well, he's not the best of ohapa to work with— is very disagreeable, you know : and besides we're not friendly. If there is no where else to work, I'd rather go back home." 44 Oh, in that case you'd bettor go then — but wait a minute. How much dirt is there down in the road, Fenton ?" 4 4 Ten or a dozen tabs," said the fireman. 44 1 think Shadraoh and his drawer could clean it up and bar it in aday." 44 Are all the datallers engaged ?" the un derlooker inquired of his inferior. 44 They are." 44 Then let Deane here and his drawer go to the job." Five minutes afterward Shadrach and his lad were on their way to their working place carrying with them a saw and other tools neo68sary to repair and make safe the roof where the fall nad occurred. On rescuing the fall Shadrach, as an ex perienced pitman, was able to perceive at a glance that the fireman, l'hilip Fenton, bad underestimated the amount of work requisite to be done ere the fallen mass of debris was removed and the broken roof secured. But he and his drawer set to with a will. There was an old opening in the drawing road a few yards below the fall, and into this the dirt was oast. When afternoon arrived the heap of debris had been all cleaned away, and all that remained now to complete their (ask was to eet a couple of bars across the top edge of the fall. Shadrach aud Jaok had just lifted a bar to tne roof, and were holding it there until it was secured by moans of a 44 centre-leg" or prop, when something occurred which startled them both. Suddenly there rang through the corridors of the mine a dull report as if a rifle had been fired some considerable distance away, and as Deane was turning to the lad to make some remark about it, another report, a thousand fold more mighty than the first, reverberated along the low, tortnone and far-spreading galleries, driving a bolt of dark fear and anonising despair into the breast and brain of every man and yonth who labored in the pit. And close upon the heels of that tremen- douB outburst of clangor came a deadly wave of air which hurtled through the roads and across the working places with incon ceivable rapidity and power, sweeping all men and things before It. Stout loirs of timber were snapped asunder like matchwood, broken bam were torn from the roof and the strata came clattering down ; meu and lads were dashed into the goaf or cast with ruthless force on the floor or against the face of coal ; fall and empty waggons were scattered as if they were band-boxes, and every light that was burning within many hundreds of yards of the seat of the ex- plosion iraa extinguished, leaving that part of the ill-starred mine plunged in impenetrable darkness and indescribable confusion and misery. Although Shadraoh and the lad were not in the direct line of the devastating current, they did not escape its fury. They were flung senseleee and .bleeding against the sides of the drawing road, the log of timber they were holding up fell down with a crash ; the bars they had fixed under the broken roof were torn ont as if by a giant's arnu, and the shattered masses of rook the timber supported rushed down, half burying the unconscious man and his little helpmate. The eoene that followed the disaster would require the pen of a Dante to describe It thoroughly. Such a picture, when seen and felt in all its awful and harrowing details, giveB one some notion of what hell may be. After the clangor and rush of the hurtling air came the rash for life, and the dense blackness was filled with the and prayers and imprecations of those who were seized with the horrid fear of death or were maimed and helpless In that terrible moment many thought only of themselves. Fathers left their children, sons forsook their sires, brothers forgot all ties of blood in their momentary madness, and rushed pell mell through toe intense gloom for their liveB. And Shadraoh Deane and Little Jock lay still as death where the blast had Btrook them down, and presently all about them was- ae silent as their own prostrate and motion less forms. Seme minutes Went by andShadraoh Deane struggled slowly b'ack to consciousness. For a few moments he was unable to realise his situation, but the truth ' eoon flashed upon bim, and he attempted to rise to his feet. The attempt was a failure. He was weak and bleeding from a severe scalp wound ; 1 several logs of timber pinioned his legs to the floor, and a heap of newly fallen roof weighed him down. Realising his inability to free himself he called aloud for his drawer. 41 Jaok! Jack! Where are you? Speak, lad, speak !" mere was no response tnougn be repeated his cries again and again. Where was the lad, he mused; Not killed, he hoped, with a hungry intensity of fervor that pained him more than his own injuries did. Then he put out his hands, felt here and there, groping in the dark like a blindman among the dirt and litter, and at length his fingers rested upon something soft and warm. It was Jack's face' that Sbadrach's p&lmb; touched, and the lad "was evidently living, al though still senseless. With fresh cries he strove to arouse him, chafing his face mean while as well as his prisoned position per mitted ; and presently Jack gave signs of returning consciousness. 44 Shadraoh! Shadrach! were the lad's first cries. Where are you, Shadrach ?" 44 Here beside thee, Jack, but I am half buried and can't get myself free. Are you all right, lad ?" i 41 I'm hurt a bit, and fast too,", the little fellow replied cheerily. 41 But what's up, Shadrach?" . 44 1 believe the pit has exploded ; but -I think we are safe, Jack, if we can only work ourselves out of this. Do you th&k; you con manage to get out and help me." 44 I'll try, Shadrach; I'll try!" Jack cried, bravely : and toe man could at once hear the lad m&kiogilesperato; efforts to free himself from toe splintered timber and fallen rooks which imprisoned him. The courageous efforts of the lad stimulated his master to the making of another desperate 'struggle, but he was pinioned as in a vice, and to fight further to free himself meant only ex haustion. So he resigned himselt to his position with all toe patience he couldcommand, and he lay them, that Jack might free himself quickly, and thus aid him to regain his freedom. Suddenly a sound caught Sbadrach's ears that sent a thrill through him and caused him to listen with bated breath. The peculiar shuffling sound continued, and be- oame more clear each moment ; he knew that someone was creeping on.his hands and knees in the dark, ana hie voice rang out in load, hopeful accents — 44 Who's there? For Gods sake, be quick come here ! I'm fast under some roof timber, and my drawer is fast, too !" 44 Who are you?" a voice replied, and Shadraoh recognised the speaker as his rival, David Sonthworth. 44 It's me, David — Shadrach Deane." 41 Ah, it's you, is it?" oame back with a loud, sneering laugh. 44 And you expect me to help you ?" "For God's sake, David, help me and tittle Jack ! Be sharp, or we may both be lost !" "You're whereyoa! 11 stay, Shadrach Deane. I wouldn't lilt a finger to save you from hell. You stole Nannie Wilson from me, didn't you? Well, there's one thing certain — you'll have to give her up now.". Another brutal laugh came floating along toe dark road, and Sbadrach's heart .felt heavy as lead. He listened intently for a moment, andcould hear Southworth shuffling away up the gallery. Again Deane's voioe rang out 44 Sonthworth ! For the love of heaven, do not desert this lad and me ! Have you forgotten how I risked my own life to save yours ? H we die our blood will be on your head ? If you don't help us and we escape, I'll denounce you to everybody as a murderer; be a man !— not a fiend ! Come and help us !" He paused, breathless, and listened. But he could hear nothing save the shuffling of the fleeing hound. Biting hie lips in blackest despair, he fell back and prepared for the worst. (to be continued.) 