SPIRITS ANB GHOSTS. A WORDY WARFARE BETWIXT PROPHET AND SCEPTIC. Tliore was not a very largo audience at tho Victoria llall last night to witness tho opening rounds in the debate between Mr Luko, tho exponent and <lofendor of Spiritualism, and Mr Joseph Syiuee, a champion of Scepticism. Ihose whowero gathered together, however, scorned to appreciate and thoroughly enjoy tho passages of arms between tho rival rkestuen, and not cvon Uio occasional erful blasphemy of Mr Joseph Sjtnes served to disturb their equanimity. Mr Luko opened tlio ball not by an ex position of Spiritualism, hut by a denun ciation of Secularism, which he declared to bo uuphilosophicxl, immoral, and not in accordancu with tho noccsAirics of human nature. There could be no cQt-ct without an adequate co- existent cause, urged Mr Luke, and he was bo mightily pleased with this axiom that Ira' stuck to it with cuiisid«rablo perseverance. Many subjects worn touched by Mr Luko, but Spiritualism ho Boomed inclined to lenve alone. Darkly hinted the Sptritualist of tho things ho might utter wcro ho to touch the leatny Bide of Secularism. Ho dragged on Mrs Boflnnt, declaring that she would assuredly bocomo una of thom. "What on earth marriage had to do with tho ques tion underdebate goodness— or Mr Luke- only knows, but bo proclaimed liis dissatisfaction with a work on that subject by that authoress, and then went on to declare his conviction that Mr Symcs did not believe nil he hod written on tho subject of matrimony. Many preachers wore better than thoir creeds, said Mr Luke, and, with a Coal denuncia tion of utilitarianism, he sat down. Tho sceptic was in tbo ring at once, re sponding with tho palpable hit that bis opponent bad not touohod tbo subject or Spiritualism, but had discussed many subjects on which both of them woro probably equally uninformod. Ho confessed that ho was nob in astrononior, an alchomist, or a Mormon, nnd emphatically avowed that his married life would compare favorably with that of any man's, Thon be, too, divod into irrelevancy and proclaimed thut Atheism was moral and that Theism could not possibly bo so. Having settled tbLs point to his entire satisfaction, Mr Symoa prococded to ridiculo tbo theory of tho appoarance of spirits, whom he per- si9t«d in calling " ghosts." Ghosts of all kinds wero dealt with in in airy nnd humorous fashion by Mr BymoB, who noticod that it whs rcmarkablo how ghosts always accorded with tho fashions of tho people ami times. An indent Greek ghost was olothed like the ancient Greeks, a tncdiioval ghost woro armor, tho ghost of a savage tribo ap peared in a state of nature, but tbo civil ised nineteenth contuty ghost appeared in an immaculate tell hat. Ho was con vinced that the appearances at Spiritualis tic seances wera simply the reflections of tho minds of thoso who profossod to seo them. Tbo first two rounds wcro certainly tho best of tbo cvonrng, ar.d in tho succeeding briefer encounters nothing of lutorcsb was added. Mr Luke waxed in dignant ovor his opponent's denunciation of Spiritualism without having investi gated it, aud Mr Symos loudly nnd re- peaUdly callad upon Mr Luke to produce his ghosts; in fact, he naked his opponent for ghosts in a voracious manner uugges- tivo of a thirsty man requesting a friend to 14 shout" liquid refreshment. \- The uudicnco wero satisfied, although the subject of debate, Spiritualism versus Secularism, was hardly alluded to by oithor speaker. 