THE ART SOCIETY'S EXHIBITION. No. II. As director of the society Mr. Julian Asliton oxhibits largely in oils as in water colors. Ho lias no largo canvasses, though his ambition does not by any means confine itself to "short swallow flights." Mucn would have been expected above sucn titles as "II Pensoroso " uml "L'AUegro, " but surely in the works which bear his signature tho artist has not attempted to give form to Milton's croations. Of " II Pensoroso " we remember it is written— Till old oxpcricnco doth attain 'To something of prophetio strain. Is there any indication of aueh tendency as this in Mr. Aslilon'e creation ? Tho weary mode) would, porhaps, aoscribo it better, and of L'AUegro wo rcud in Milton's verso :— Haste thee, nymph, and bring with thee Zost and youthful jollity, Quips and cranks and wanton wiles, Nods and becks and wreathed smiles. 'lis not probable that any poet would feel inspired to verse in that strain by soutem- platiou of L'AUegro as discovered in the Art Society's exhibition. Iu quito another tone, howovcr, would we spealt of that very fine piece of work— a study of a head by tho same painter. It is by far his must worthy contribution lo this year's display, though nmongst the oils we find somo specimens of panels and portraiture worthy oi the director's brush, and always pleasing. Mr. Lister Lister occupies a vast area of wall space, aud not unworthily. His two great canvasses, "Eastward Ho" and "Where tho Sea Tides Ebb and Flow " show superior work in many ways to tho pictures he lias beloro exhibited. The long roll of the waters in the former, and tho low bedrocks and flats in tho lacier, with tho far-away sea and the always pleasing sky take and hold the atten tion. But better than cither, perhaps, we like tho smuller picture, "Peaceful Morn " (214). The sands just awash, so per fectly and delicately tinted, tho magni ficent distance, and the clouds which are absolutely vaporous, combine into a whole which is in every sense pleasing. Farther than this Mr, Lister goes this year, breaking absolutely new ground in his "Nature's Solitude." A woodland sceno where sunbeams aro filtered through soft grey mist, and a canopy of sparse foliage on to an earth floor covered -with a dense growth of bracken and coarso grass, Tho subject presented many difficulties which huve all been overcome, and the result should convince the artist that a very great future lies before liirn, if, perhaps, he would eudeavor to concentrate the effort which now diffuses itself over such an almost be wildering abundance of space. Mr. Fullwood, always a faithful and pains taking artist, has this year labored to much effect. He has a large and ambitious picture of sunriso from Mount Wellington- Mount Wellington that overlooks the old -Tasmanian town of Hobart and all its glorious bay. The artist bus fixed his camp far up, or on the very summit of tho mountain, und has watched theneo the glory of the sunrise flash to tho zenith and brighten over all the sea and Bhore. The massed clouds aro gorgeous with violet and rose and gold. The sea when sun-smitten shiner, ihe vapors soft and blue, which rise from the hollows, melt into nothingness as they ascend. The white cockatoos scream about tlio trees, and every point and indentation of the long shores accurately drawn, stand out iu sunshine or shadow natural and true. And yet one feels that thero is an undefinable something wanting in the picture. It may be that tho clouds are too material, that tho meeting of sea aud shora is not quito as we seem to remember it, or that there is uot just that intensity of feel ing, and, therefore, fulness oi interpretation in the picture which is essential to artistic greatness. But minimise it as wo may it is the good work of an ablo man, who will yot do hotter. Another ambitious work by Sir. Fullwood is "Nowbolri Ford, on tho Clarence Killer" (233). It is as fine a study for a really great and characteristic Australian picture as artistevcr made. The composition is excellent. River, and plain woodland, and mountain lend themselves to the artist's desire, and tho big mob of cattle urged through the deep water hy the drovers Tend to the scene animation and interest which make up all the opportunity the artist could desire. And yet tbo picture is not what it might be,, not what we trnst it will be, for Mr. Fullwood has . a subject here which, transferred to a larger can vas, and wrought out with the genius he undoubtedly possesses, should establish his fame. " Bad News From Town " will cer tainly bo a popular picture. It has .a keen human interest, and tells its own story. Little bits by olhor artists should certainly find instant ond ready purchasers, The water color, " Swimming HorseB in tho Early Morning " (45), and tho little bit of " Susan Island, Ciatence Rivor" (257) ara certainly worth moro than the values placed on them. A good and faithful picture also is "The Brimming River" (53) and "The Lagoon Camp" (209). 1 Mr. Percy Spouco does not demand ex tended notice this year, though his work is large, ambitious and crcditablo. Ho lacks originality, and his great picture of the year, " Tho Long Day Closes," is of a sub ject of which tho world has been awcaried from tho time of Grey's elegy onward. We do not say that it is not a good picture, or that the landscape and atmosphere ara not local and natural, but of tho ploughman wending homo his weary way wo have had enough. Tho long day lias closed recently on many scenes in Australia which aro quite witliiu the scope of Mr. Speuee's genius, and which have utterly lacked illustration. Nor can wo Eivy that his " Dear Lady Disdain" Bcrvts lo make the Shakes- perian creation moro explicit, or that it answors to the idea wo havo formed of Benedict's erstwhile tormentor but ultimate spouse. Mr. Arthur Collingridge, one of the oid familiar names amongst New South Wales artists, comes boldly forward again this year with some pictures that are amusing, some that are astounding, and somo that iu a small way please. His chef a'teuvro is tho kangaroo picture, which under the title of "In Happy Moments," introduces us lo a family party of tho big marsupials, happy a while in a meadow of golden grass iu a wonderful glow of morning or evening light. "The Spring Morning" and the calves at play is plensuntly rural, and the bundle of wattle which a girl holds in hor arms in tho little picture called " Mimosa" is painted to tho lite. Mr. Mahony sticks dutifully ns ever to his last. His young lions, his fearful- fanged tigor, are all painted from life studies at tho Zoo, but we suppose ho wouidj base liis claim chiefly on tho pieturo entitled " Sunday " (301). 'Tie tho Sunday of the horses, and the horses ure, it need hardly be raid, creatures of recognisable anatomy. They stand out in a full blaze of sunshine, their shadows are distinct as silhouettes in outline. 'The coloring is high in tone, and that no chance of this sort muy bo lacking a game cock is iutrodticed, on whom red and gold are boldly and bravely laid. Wo do not know that Mr. Mahony progresses in art by following fashion in this way. His portrait of a good old friend, tho racehorso Abercorn, will please all sportsmen, and tho little departure ho rankes from his customary grooves in tho water color of " My Littlo Giri " will please those qualified to judgo by its neou- rato portraiture. Mr. Piguenit labors on, as usual, faithful to all his inspiration, painting pleasantly always, and careful never to loso Himself in vain or vague imaginiDgs. Mr. Mather, in several pictures, gives to us his impressions of the varied heauties of tho Bright district, tho country of tho great Baffalo mountain of Vic toria, A pleasing if monotonous humidity pervades all this artist's work. It raiht be I imagined that ho lived always in a tqjlight I land where dews are ever falling and mists rising, and familiur mountain forms aro strangely dwarfed, and modified. "Autnmn" (33) and "A Winter Evening" (130) aro perhaps the best works this artist has given us. " Capo Northumberland, S. A." ( |-4) is a more ambitious attempt, .but 'tis not the live wator there that leaps from the hates of the cliffs. Mr. Albert J. Hansen claims a liberal meed of thanks for much work of an eteep- tiouallv high character, upon whitll he never places a prohibitory value. His little bits, such us " Tho Closo of tho Day" (02), " A Breezy Morning" (110), " The Vilwgo of Ainberloy"(140)and "Oil Surrey Downs(147) uro within the means of any purchasers, suited to the adornment of any house, and of such merit as to satisfy the most artistic taste. A moro ambitious work, " All was Silent Save the Sou Birds' Cry" (107), certainly bc-lies its title, for sound and music thero mast have beon from tho roll of those ex quisitely-painted wuves on the near beach. The only fault, however, is in tho title, the idea of an evening hour ou the beach being very perfectly rondereri. Several other works by this artist will well repay study, and cannot fail to please. A somewhat new name in Sydney art circles is that of Mr. J. Swinlon Dislon, who in a great variety of subjects displays more than ordinary genius and industry. We lilto his "Weird Sisters" J217) as studies of the grotosque in Australian wood land growths, and none3 can bo blind to tho merit of some amongst his sea pieces characterised generally by an inlluoucB of coming storm in tho sky, and a sea in wliiuh the moaning is felt. Mr. Minns, tho painlur of the heads of aborigines purchased for the Art Gallery, is successful also in landscape. Mies Stephen ranks ' with Mias Ada Bell as a perfect painter oi flowers, though her "Gleaming Ghost of Tears" is hard to understand. The face is not ghost like, and there is no glcaui about it, no tears or ghost of a tear, but evidcnco rather of what ill-natured folks might describe as snivels. Mrs. Stoddard works still with her old faithfulness, and finishes portraits whoso popularity Will never wane, though in tho pictures of Miss Muriel Carter there seem to have been some forgetfulnoss about the hands, Mrs. Sc'arvoll progresses towards perfection if slowly, aid Mr. Daplyn has not brought us back so much as we had a right to expect from his Bojourn in tho tropic isles. Oi Mr. Spong nothing should be written that is not of praise. Tho good old scenic artist seems (shall we say in his old age ?) likely to develop into an artist of the highor class, and indeed there are many others whoso works indicate no small en dowment oi genius, and baply also no small need of instruction. Ho notice of thi3 exhibition should close without another glimpse at tile admirable and always-progressive work of Mr. Arthur Streeton, q'liose early, wild and random " impressionism " seems all to have been fined away. Ilis one groat work—so supremely artistic, so faithful, so bold — overshadows all his other exhibits, though all are good, save, perhaps, that "Design for a Large Decoration" (372), which is moro than good, being fearful and wonder ful and incomprehensible. Nor can wc close without still another word of wondcrmont at tho purchase made by the trustees of Mr. Sid. Long's puzzle. Looking more carefully at that strange pro duction it is seen' that the figures, though by no means in tho distance, havo neither features nor indication of features. Their faces are represented by red blobs. Perhaps some apostles of the impressionist school can explain this also. The sculpture is not remarkable. " De fiance," pnrchascd for the Art Gallery, is the best exhibit. Aud in that very tricky pieco by Emile Leysalle, " Baochanto Voilde," is there not an insurmountable difficulty in the locating of the right oyo? 