SPEIGHT Y. SYME. THE SECOND TRIAL. EIGHTIETH DAY. HIS HONOR'S CHARGE TO THE JURY. Before Sir Hartley "Williams and a jury of 11, the hearing of the libel action, Speight v. Syme, wee continued in the Firot Civil Gourt yester day, The plaintiff, an ex-ohairman of tho Victorian Railway Commissioners, sues for £25,000 damages from Mr. D. Syme, the pro prietor of The Age, on 10 alleged libels previously tried, upon whioh a former jury could not come to an agreement. Messrs. Duffy and Coldham, instructed by Messrs. Malleson, Eng land and Stewart, appeared for Mr. Speight; and Mr. Purves, Q.C., with Mr. Doakin, instructed by Mcbhts. Gillott and Bates, for the defence. His Honor, in resuming his ohargo to the jury, said : — "When wo Adjourned last night wo were dealing with political influence in the de partment. I now propose to refer to a number of instances which tho defendant alleges proves the existence of this influence. I have divided the instanoes into four groups, and tho first group to whioh I will call your attention is that dealing with concessions to looalitios at tho in stance of members of Parliament. THE SIEGE OF ROCHESTER. The first instance I will lako in this group is the Rochester gatehouse. "We might almost call this the siege of Rochester. It is something like tho Thirty Years' War — it is so tremendously Iviig. The iiupotlauce uf it is not very great ; a comparatively small amount is concerned, but the question is whether the interference of members of Parliament in this matter had influence on the department, and whether the granting of the oonocssion which was eventually agroed to af tera very Idng series of years was in consequence of tbe persistent inter meddling of those membors. The application began in 1873, and it continued until 1887. The members who tried to get this application granted wero Moore, J. J. Casey, M'Coll, Fisher, Williams and Stewart, Every succes sive Minister of Railways was pestered with tho application, and time after time it was refused. In 1885, after tho commissioners took office, the agitation waa renewed, and Mr. Speight and his colleagues at that time declined to reconsider the matter after the previous deoiaions. The members of Parliament who conoerned them selves in the matter after the commissioners took office first wero Messrs. Highett, Yeo, Brown and Shaalcell Ultimately, yielding to continual pressure, the matter was "noted for tour," and in 1887, in response to a letter for warded by Mr. Shackell, it was "put for tour," the result being that we find this memo, signed by Mr. Speight: — "The solution of this matter, in consequence of the constant pressure which is being brought to bear to reopen the crossing, would be to reopen it by putting a gatehouse there, and let it be Attended to by a platelayer's wife and the ex penditure charged to general lino." In 1887 there is a oapitulaton on the part of the com missioners, and tho work is done. Mr. LEVIEN WAS "PUNCHED UP." Tho next matter is the erection of Gerinantown station. This waa don© to plaoato Mr. Levien. An application is made by Mr. Levien, who is a member of Parliament, and Mr. Stevens, a district traffic superintendent, reported against it on the ground that the traflio would not be sufficient, as Connewarre, which was only a mile and a half away, was hardly usad at all. Another objootion is urged by Mr, Stevens that there is a steep gradient at the place, and it is not suitable for the erection of a station. Mr. Levien continues to writo about it, and the matter is referred to tbe traffic manager, who says he is strongly opposed to grantiug tho re quest, on the ground that tho traffic would he only infinitesimal. The matter, however, is " noted for tour," and after tho tour the commissioners issuo a momo. expressing the opinion that a abort platform should bt provided. After this Mr. Levien writes to the commissioners again drawing at tention to the matter, adding, "I have been punohed up about it; oan you say how it stands?" That simply means that his consti tuency is "punching" him up on the subject. The station was opened in 1890, and the question you will have to consider is, whether it was wise or unwiso to put that statiou there, aud there is also the fact that the officers of the department reported strongly against it. THE NORTH MONNEGATTA STATION. Now, I come to North Monnegatta station, which is coupled with the name of Mr. Deakin, a member of Parliament. This station is two miles from Romsey and two miles from Monnegatta. Mr. Stevens, the district traffic superintendent, reported against it. He states that, in his opinion, it is not required, and the matter is also referred to Mr Francis, the traflio manager, who says that there is no likeli- hood of there being any traffic to justify the concession asked for. Then an estimate of the cost is mado, and the commissioners are told that it would cost £400. The inhabitants then send a petition to Mr. Deakin which he forwards to the commissioners, and the com- missioners make this memo " We have deoided to consider this application on tour." There is no doubt a great deal of truth in the remark made by counsel for tbe defendant, that in nearly every instance when a thing is placed for tour it ends in the matter sought for being granted. Another traffic manager, Mr. Kibble, makes tbe report that tboro are fire stations on this line in 14½ miles, and no business to speak of at any of thorn. " I am not prepared," ho adds, " to recommend that another station bo put in." The matter was "put for tour" in Ootobor, 1889, and on the 20th May, 1890, the work was fiuished. Mr. Fox Pollard subsequently reports that there have been only two passengers at North Monne gatta in a month. Tbe station was opened dur ing a portion of 1891, and tho takings amounted to £18 19s. 3d. ; but it was opened for the whole of the year 1892, when the takiugs were only £16 17s. 7d. MR. MASON AND MR. GROOM'S INFLUENCE. The rock catting siding on the Gippsland line affords another instance of this olaas of political influence. This is a place one and a half miles from Longwarry, and the matter somewhat resembles tho Siege of Rochestor in length. The agitatiou commenced in 1879, and was continually renewed. Mr. Mason, a member of Parliament, seems to havo been most active about this matter. It was instantly reported on and refused by the department. The traffic branch reported against it on the ground that there was not sufficient traffic to justify tho expenditure, and the engineer's branch reported against it becauso of the gradient. The application waa renewed in July, 1886, at tho instanco of Mr. Groom, and the commissioners replied that they did uot soe their way to deal with the caso in view of more pressing matters requiring attention ; but at a more favorable opportunity they would reconsider the suggestion. I do not know that it is unfair to say it, but that seems to me to be an indica tion of a yielding to the application, the same as took place in the Rochester gate case. Mr. Groom writes to tho commissioners again. The commissioners ask for au estimate of tho cost, and they are told that it will bo £865. Mr. Groom is then asked to call, and he is told by tho commissioners that they have bad the matter inquired into, and they find tliAt the gradients will not permit a aiding to be constructed where it is required, namely, within one aud a half miles of Drouiu station ; in view of the expenso they are unable to oomply with the request made. Then Mr. Groom writes again, and apparently the request is complied with th&t; this siding should be erected, because Mr. Speight and Mr. Ford make this memo. : " If this sum of £865 has been voted the work would be carried out as soon bb the new loan is available." Tho siding was put in. It was 'constructed against tho strong protest of both the traffic and engineer ing branches, and I only want 'to remind you again that tbe two members of Parliament who interested themselves in this matter were Mr. Mason and, at a lator period, Mr Groom. Mr. SHACKELL WISHED TO PLEASE HIS CONSTITUENTS. Tbe next I will take is tho Tatars market train. The member concerned here is Mr Shackell. There are some members of Parliament whose names aro continually cropping up. Mr. Shackell, Mr. Mason, Mr. Groom, Mr. C E Jones are the principal namos that ooour to me, and they are the names of those who continually nppoar in the course of this caso. Mr. Shackell writes that tbo running of this train will be much appreciated by bis constituents. It may be as welt to tako notice of this remark. I must remind you at once that these Railway Commissioners were in thU position, that thoy could do pretty muoh what thoy liked without fearing interference from They were there as trustees of the publio money, whioh had boen ontruntcd to them to spend to the best Advantage. It Is not like tho case of a man who can do what ho likes with his own money. It was like trust money, whioh must bo invosted and dealt with to the beat adrantago of tho per son on whoso behalf the money was taken. Thoy had not to consider any question about pleasing somebody otto or some man's constituents; that would never do. They were really in the position — apart from the tremendous power they had of doing what they liked — of trustoes in the Railway department for the public, and they had no right to he influenood by Any suoh consideration as tho pleasing of tho constituents of Mr. Shackell. The Tatura market train was reported against as in the other case ; b'nt it was arranged, tbe train was put into tho time table and tho commissioners wroto to Mr. Sbaokell, telling him that they intended to comply with his request. MR, LEVIEN WANTS ANOTHER FAVOR. The next matter is Marcus Hill station, and there tho name of Mr. Levien again appears. Tho name of Mr. Levien is one whioh crops up in tolerable frequenoy in the oourso of the case. He writes about this station in 1886, and in 1887 Mr. Connor, another member of Parliament, also interests himself in tbe matter. The traflio manager reports that tho general traflio would not warrant the concession, but Mr. Levien writes again, and asks that a shelter shed should be put up. A £5-notc, ho say, will meet tho requirement. Mr. Levien's £5- noto proved to be insufficient, as the work cost, when it was done, £75. The commissioners, replying to Mr. Levien's application, stated that the traflio was very small at this place, but that when tboy wore dealiug with tbo estimates they would seo if thoy could provide tho accommo dation desired. Mr. Levien writes again, and an ordor is isjued for tho work to be attended to at once. MR. KEYS'S LITTLE MATTER. We shall now deal with tho Oakleigh train ser vice, which will include the service to Danue- nong and Bcaconafield. The members of Par liament referrod to here are Mr. Keys aud Mr. L. L. Smith. It is a very long matter, and we find that Mr. Smith is continually writing about it. Mr. Keys writes : — " Can you manage this little matter for ine? It is of importance just now." That is a curious expression. Mr. Francis, the traffic manager, is asked about it, and he reports adversely. lie states that the extension of tho service would involvo 25 miles of extra running, lengthening the hours of duty to the extent of about two hours, and that tho traffic would uot justify tho expenditure. Mr. L. L. Smith also wrote saying, 44 Mr. Speight promised last year that in making this year's estimates bo would include Boaoonsfteld in tho suburban radius." After Mr. Speight came back from Europe, Mr. Smith again wroto about tho night train from Dandcnong being continued to BcaconRfield, and Mr. Speight ordered a letter to bo written to Mr. L. L. Smith saying, 41 Although the commissioners think it will be not used to any great extent, they aro willing to make tho exporiment in a desire to accommodate the looality." In December, 1889, Mr. Keys, M.L.A., wrote to ths commissioners saying, 44 Not one of the promises given to ms havo besn kopt. My constituents are indignant at such treatment, and you havs placed me in a very false position. I am not vary exaoting, but I have a right to ask when definite promises are given they should be kept." Mr. Keys was oomplaining of thsse promises not being keptasa matter of great moment to him. There aro other letters oonneoted with this train servioe to a similar effect from Messrs, Keys, Groom and L. L. Smith, M's.L.A. In the eud, substantially, tbe bulk of the requests they made were granted. Mr. Robertson, tbo officer who had tho compila tion of tho railway time tables, and who was called early in the case, has given evidence to that effeot. THE TOORAK FOOTBRIDGE. I como now to the Toorak footbridgo. The members mixed up in that matter arc Sir Matthew Davies and Mr. Ham, M.L.C. You have seen tho Toorak footbridge. Mr. Park (the foreman) : Some of us. His Honor : Besides the ordinary overhead footbridge aeroM the lino at Toorak, there is a very long overhead bridge beyond it, which Btrikes the eye at once as a very extraordinary one. It goes over the goods and timber siding at tho station, and lands tbo passengi on a path leading across a field. That pal. leads to the station from the Orrong-road. When Sir Matthew Davies went first to ses Mr. Speight to ask him to make the footbridge ho refused, stating it was an absolutely un reasonable request. The deputation then said to Mr. Speight, 44 Well, if you had bought land in our neighborhood you would think differently." The objeot of having tbe bridge made was to give people living on the Orrong-road a short out to the station. Mr. Speight ultimately granted the request, and the reason ho gave was that the people who wanted it had beon accustomed to cut across the field andTun over the goods and timber siding, which waa dangerous. But if they did that and met with an acoidcnt it was their own fault. Thoy would have been trespassers, and they could not have reoovsred damages against the department. Mr. Coldham laughingly said Mr. Speight might havo kept them out with a brick wall. But that was not necessary. It would have been sufficient to have posted up a notice warning people that they would be prose cuted. Measuring tho distanoo to the Orrong- road by tbe usual station appronoh and by the approach over ths footbridge, there was only a difference of 157 yards in favor of the footbridge. That could havo been covered in about three minutes. Of course, three minutes were of importance in catching a train ; but ought it to be catered for to tbo extent of saving it hy the erection of a bridge wbioh cost £450? Mr. Greene, who was tbe Engineer for Existing Lines at the time the matter was proposed, being asked to report on it, said, 44 During the winter months, and before the approaches to this sta tion from the Orrong-road wore put in thorough order, the publio were allowed a short cut to the station across the land purchased at the side. It was fully iutonded when tho whole of the laud was purchased to dispose of any surplus not required for sidings. If this appli cation is granted it will be a loss of several thousands of pounds to the department, as it will interfere with the sale of the surplus land that could not be used for railway purposes. The present Minister of Railways, after a per sonal inspection of the plaoe, long ago rofusod the same application." Notwithstanding that report, tho Toorak footbridge was constructed. Was it in your opinion a propor thing to bo done? It was done against the advico of tbe officers of the department. They thought it unnecessary, and said it would diminish the value of the railway laud. You havo to con sider these matters when deciding why it was done, and remember there was no difficulty in shutting the publie off tho land. That was the easiest thing in the world. THE WILLIAMSTOWN RACECOURSE LINE. The next matter is tbe TVilliamstown race course line. There tho member of Parliament concerned was Mr. A. T. Clark. The line was constructed after he had applied for it without the authority of Parliament. I ought to state here that Parliament, besides providing money for tbe construction of lines, makes votes for their maintenance. Of course it is obvious tbat no line ought to be made without the authority of Parliament. The commissioners had powers as to other, things, but tbat was tbe one power they did not possess. I tell yon as a matter of law tbat tho commissioners had no right whatever to construct any line without tho authority of Parliament, yet it un doubtedly appeals that the commissioners made this Hue without Parliamentary authority, and the oost of it was paid out of funds voted for a totally different purpose. For instance, there was a largo sum of money voted by Parliament for the maintenance of the line from Newport to Ballarat and Dimboola. Now the Williams- town Racecourse railway is not part of that line, and it was utterly illegal to charge its construc tion thereto. Therefore, when the matter came before the Audit Commissioners they im- mediately questioned the expenditure. At theond of some correspondence with the commissioners on tho subject, iu whioh they stated the expendi ture had been wrongly taken from the mainten ance funds of. tbo Newport to Ballarat and Dimboola line, they remarked, 44 The branch line in our opinion should have been expressly authorioed by Act of Parliament," THE BENDIGO EXPRESS TRAIN As to the Bendlgo express train, It was anked for in the fir.U instance by Dr. Quick, Messrs. Shackell and M'Coll, M'h.L.A., in 1885. After preliminary refuaal it was grautud by the commissioners in 1887. Tho traflio authorities had meanwhile reported against it, saying tho existing trains on the route wore more than sufficient to carry the traflio. In a letter whioh Mr. Speight afterward wrote to tho Minister of Railway he said, "Tbe net cost of running the three express trains from Melbourne to Bemligo, Melbourne to Ballarat and Melbourne to Bairnsdale is £50,000 a yesr." He was cross-examined on that statement, Wiiat do you understand by th® 41 net oost," gentlemen ? Surely yon under stand that "netco-nt" is the cost of working over and above the revenuo ? I should have thought there could havo been no doubt about what "net cost" meant if I had not hoard what Mr. Speight said. IIo said that "net cost" docs not mean the cost over and above the royenuo derived from those trains. You know this ia not an expression carelessly usad in a conversation, but a remark made in a letter written by Mr. Speight. Ho said in tho namo lotter tbat ths effect of running thoao trains was to "dcpleto the ordinary train." That is his own language. Ho was asked tho reason he put the Bendigo express on, aud he flald he did so hocauso thore wa ono put on to Ballarat. That was not a good reason. I oould understand the reason one wa put on to Ballarat, bacnuse that is the main line to Ade laide b> which the mail trains travel. THE MARYBOROUGH STATION. I now como to the Maryborough station. Mr. Uuttrim waa the member of Parliament who intervened about that. Ho was introduced to Mr. Speight on a deputation about it, and wrote about it. You remember Mr. Fux Pollard. He was the district superinten dent in oharge at Maryborough. His evidence has beon very muoh attackod, it being said he was biassed against Mr. Speight. Mr. Pollard said an island platform made at Maryborough would havo provided all the additional accommodation t hat was necessary a the only difficulty there was that whon a train was at the station other trains had to wait in dangerous position outside tho. point on branch linos. Maryborough station, with its appurtonanccs, coat, during Mr. Spoight's term of office, £66,000. They say it wa an uxpimdi- ture that ought never to havo boon made, aud that it was apparently dono to pleAHO Mr. Outtrim and his constituents. I shall uot refer to a number of these matters again under the heading of oxtravngauce, because I hope you will bear in mind that they have to be considered in that regard as well a under tho oharge of political influence. There i Robin- ton' Aiding to bo referred to. Iu that matter Mr. Groom was concerned. Mr. Moore, the district traflio superintendent, reporting on it after it had been made, said it was in the centre of a dense scrub, that it wa never likely to ba used, that there wero no approaches to it, and no settlement or house near it. Mr. Lunt, then engineer for existing lines, on Mr. Moore' recommendation, proposed to Mr. Francis, the traffic maunger, that the points bo taken up, and ultimately thoy were taken up. No train evor stopped there. Gentlemen, you have been to Robinson's siding, and lmve seen what inhabitants there arc about there. (Laughter.) Tho cost of it was £1000, Irom the group of alleged concessions to locali ties I take School Housc-lane. A platform and siding was applied for there by Messrs. Sands and Duffy, M'a.L.A. The plaoe ia within a milo and a half of Seymour. Mr. Kibble, Mr. Francis and Mr. Syder, of tho traffic branch, all reported against it, saying that thoy did not think ths traffic would warrant the expenditure and that the place was awkwardly situated to work. It was built, after repeated application by Mr. Duffy, at a cost of £527, and afterwards it did not pay and had to be closed. Mr. Speight gave a a reason why he erected it so near to Seymour that tho Goulburu river was between there and Seymour, but he was unable to nay whether there waa a road bridge over tho river betwoun School Houeo-lane and Seymour. Mr. Speight ought to havo satieficd himself ou that point before ordering the aiding to be conetructed. 44 ABOUT THE COOLEST THING IN THE CASE." Now wo como to the qucetion of the roads mads outsido the railway fences. In connection with one Mr. Nichol wroto to Mr. Speight that it had been promUed by Mr. Gillies to him at Parliament House in tho presence of Mr. Ursn, M. LA. That was the Mirboo-road, in the Narracan shire. In reference to the other Nar- racan shire roads, Mr. Groom, M.L.A, saw Mr. Speight. Tho latter asked Mr. Groom what tho commissioners had to do with the construction of country roads, and explained that tho com missioners were not oreated to make roads. What did Mr. Groom say ? It is about the coolest thing I have heard in the case. He said, 44 Can't you call them approaches to statioiie?" Tbat would bo defraudiug tho public. Mr. Speight said bo would not do anything of the kind. Ho referred Mr. Groom to Mr. Gillies to eo what he would say. Mr. Gillie approved of the expenditure, so Mr. Groom said when he returned, aud Mr. Speight replied, 44 Go and see Darbyihire. If h© says yea, I will." There is no doubt ae to the making of these roads ; that Mr. Speight distinctly declined to tako the responsibility of making tbern, and they were authorised by Mr. Gillies and the money votod by speoial appropriation of Parliament, on the uudorstauding that the shire councils benefiting should pay back one half. In the long run, however, the expendi ture was undoubtedly charged to the Railway department, and thacie tho unfortunate part of it. Bcoause, although I should say most distinctly so far a the plea of justifica tion is concerned, the facts show that Mr. Speight was not responsible, the circumstance that the expenditure waa ultimately charged to the department might mislead a critic, and a critio might honestly think that this expenditure had been incurred by the department, in the ordinary way. The expenditure on tbe Buln Buln, Wnrrngul and Woorayl roads is all on the same footing. In the latter case Mr. Groom was assisted by Mr. L. L Smith, M.L.A. INFLUENCE IN INDIVIDUAL CASES. I now propose to deal with another branch of this subjeot, namely, the interference of mem bors of Parliament in what are called individual c&eeu.; If it was notorious that all theso things were to be dealt with on their merits, why should the employes of the department, whoncvcr any trouble arose, run to a member of Parliament to intervono on their behalf ? The instances of this arc not dependent upon the vorbal evidence ; they are all mattors taken from the departmental papers, so that upon the facts there is no doubt whatever. It is not a case of conflict of evidence in any way, Tbe'flrst case I shall deal with is that of M4Auliffe, who was charged along with another mail in tho ap propriation of Borne wine which was taken from a truck at Ballarat. The two men were recom mended for dismissal by Mr. Kibble and Mr. Francis, but on appeal to the commissioners it was deoided that there was no evidence that these men were principals in the matter, that they were only in possession of something which they could uot proporly account for, and taking into consideration the past oareer of tho roon, they would bo suffi ciently punished by their losing time during their suspension, and being transferred from Ballarat. This was on 16th December, 1887, but three days aftor, on 19th December, Mr. Speight sent a note to Mr. O. E. Jone, M.L.A., from which it was evident tbat Mr. Joucs had been interfering in the matter, for he says, "With reference to tbo enclosed note which you gave me, we have fully conidered the matter, and although tbe surrounding cir cumstances are Buspioious, the man will bo given another opportunity." It was obvious on the faoo of |t that Jones had been in communica tion with Mr. Speight about this oaxc, because he says, 44 Iu reference to the encloied note which you gave me." It was perfeotly evident that when a man got into trouble he went about to got a member of Par liament to intervene for him, instead of leaving the caso to bo dealt with on its merits and according to tho regulations of the department. Iu every one of the instances which havo been referred to in this case the first thing that au omployd does is to run about and get a member of Parliament to interfere. If any persou outside had observed this going on, would it not strike hiin that if these cases are doalt with solely and exclusively on their own merits, what Is the neconsity of member of Parliament being hunted up and introduced into tho arena? I am not aaying for one moment that a member of Parliament having interfered that the effect desired was attained. That is a matter which you will decide entirely ou your own view of the evidence. But tho question is whether an out side person, when ho sees this going on— that whenever an employe wants anything the first thing he does is to hunt up a member of Par liament — might he not reasonably think that this intervention of members of Parliament was cfficaoious ? THE SHUNTED SHUNTER, AND HOW HE GOT BACK. The next case is that of Kemp, who was a shuntor employed in tho department Kemp had tho misfortune, through not having put the brake on, of having caused a collision between some trucks and a passenger train. In conse quence of this carelessness Kemp got notice that his Hervioes would bo dispensed with. Tho same thing happens in this case. When lie gots his notice he looks round for a member of Par liament, and manages to get bold of Messrs. Ursn and Boll. Both thsse member interest thsmsolvcH in tbo matter, letters pas, and it i deoided that the man shall bt given another chance. I do not suppose that anyone will blame the commis- sioners for giving thin man another chanoe ; bnt why this running about to members of Parlia ment? AU these incn evhlontly know that there is some virtue in going to membors of Par liament. and getting them to speak on their behalf, or else they would not do it. They must think so or they would not ho going about appealing to mombors of Parliament in this way. Evidently it wan thought that this influ ence would assist thoni, whereas if tho oan was dealt with on its own merits there hoitd 1)0 no need for any hucIi Intervention. Whether the commissioners wero improperly influenced is another matter; hut it in evident there wa a goncrftl impression abroad that the influence of a member of Parliament was of great assistance in bringing about tho result desired. JONES'S TRANSFER. Tako another case, that of Robsrt Jonas. He wanted to bo trannferrod from the traffic department to tho locomotive department, and mado application for tho transfer in Juno, 1888. Mr. Francis, the Tratlic Manager, declined to allow tho transfer, mil whan tho nutter was referred to Mr. Spright lis also declined. Then Jonos's father Appears on the nccnc, and applies to Mr. C. E. Junes, who brings the matter before Mr. Speight, mid the reply is sent that if Robert Jones will inako his application for a transfer in the proncr way through ths hciui of his branch it will uo dealt with. But Robert Jonas had already dono thin, and hi request had bovn refused. However, after Mr. (J. E. Jones appeared on the scene Robert Jonas renews hi application, and tho result is that he gets his transfer. MB. ZOX AND THE GOLD CHAINS. I shall now doal with a case of inlluonco on behalf of someone outside tho department — ths case of llyman' gold ohains. On the merits of ths caao I am by uo means clear that the Railway department woro uot in tho result perfectly right, but thore is a great deal of light to bo extracted from this ease quito apart from its own particular merit. liymau had im ported soino gold chains, on which he hnd to pay duty, anu tucy wcro-put into tho Queen's warohouso by the Railway department, whioh indomnifisd the customs against any olaim that might bo mado in renpeot of tho chains. Tho Railway department suhl the ohains without advertising the fact, a they wore required to do according to law. This was an illegal not, as tho department hnd no right to sell ths ohains, but thoy were sold for a very small amount. Messrs. Hyman and Sou had a griovauoo against the Railway department on this account, and they got Mr. Zox to interest himself in the matter, witli the result that after several inter views tho Hottlemont of tho mattor is left in Mr. Zox's hand. The issuo was uo doubt in accordance with tho merits, but the point i that hero i a person outuidothe department who, immediately ho has a claim, run away to a member of Parliament and ask him to use hi iniluencom the matter. The next instance I shall give you ! that of Ilolt, who was anxious to be employed us a cloaner. Hi application was refused ; his father immedi ately went in pursuit of a member of Xrliainent, and ho managed to get Mr. Albert Harris to support tho application. Two oflioors of tho department, one of thorn being no Iosb a person than Mr. Mills, reported unfavorably to tho application, yet it waa granted by tbe commissioners, and Mr. Mirls added to tbe memo, authorising the appoint ment the characteristic remark, 44 Noted, but I don't like it." Auotbsr case is that of the transfer of Muster, a clork in tho booking office at Eponosr-streot. Muster wished to bo transferred to Maryborough, and Mr. Outtrim intervened on hi behalf. If it was n right nud proper thing that thin young follow should bo transferred from Epenoer-strost to Maryborough, why could ho not make tho application himself? Why should a member of Parliament be hunted up to interfere? What i tho necessity of member of Parliament inter fering in every little trivial detail?. Surely thore must have been a fcoling abroad — I am uotsayiug the feeling was justified — but there must have boen ftoino sort of feeliug abroad, both inside aud outsido the department, that if a thing was to be dono all that waa needed was to get a member of Parliament to make tho application. MR, JONES AND THE BOUDOIR CARS. Tho noxtcase is one of a differeut kind, and has reference to the boudoir cars. Objection had boeu taken by tho officials on the Adelaide train to Mr. C. E. Jones, M.L.A., using tho slcepiug cars while travelling betwesn Melbourne aud Ballarat. Mr. Jones wrote to Mr. Speight on the subject. Mr. Speight replied — and I won't ay anything about his letter — but ho replied to the effect that he had given instructions that in regantto members of Parliament the regulations regarding the boudoir carriages wero not to bo adhered to. Whero the general publio was con cerned the rulo limiting thoaccominodationin tho boudoir carriages to 20 was not to be exceeded, but in tho case of member of Parliament — that specially favored epeoiei of humanity — the limit might be broken, aud it wa urged by the defendant that this is not only a concession to Mr. G. E. Jones, buq a concession to member of Parliament generally. It evinoes a desire on the part of Mr. Speight to stand well with members of Parliament, to bo popular with them aud to keep them sweet. Tho next matter is that of Messrs. Cohu, of Ballarat, and tho lager beor. They applied that the rates for the carriage of lager boor should be reduced from tbo third f the miscellaneous clans. Mr. Anderson, t'o Traffic Mannger, reported against it; but ?r. C. Smith, a member of Parliament, intorfevd, aud the concession was allowed. THE GHOST WHICH HAUNTED THE DEPARTMENT. The next case is that of Hoakin, who saa the son of a man killed in the servico. applica tion was made that ho should bo empoyed iu the department. It was a humauc thi s to do. Yon would have thought all that wa Jccossary to be done was for tbo mothor to ap'ly for it. But Mr. C. E. Jones, M.L.A., waa juiitsd up. Mr. Jones was promised by Mr. Spe&ht; that ho should be employed, and Mr. Jon wrote to Mr. Speight — 44 1 have giveu hiui a|>roinise that you will seud mo a pa»a for lnm " go dowu to Melbourne and return." Mr. Speight sent Mr. Jones the puss which Mr. Joues cad promised, aiul employed young Hoskins v a blacksmith. It might havo bueu a right thug to employ Hoskins in the circumBtuucc but why doe thin ghost which booms to launt tho depart ment when anything is to b' done, in the shape of a member ot Parliament orop up again ? Au to Mr. Mason's, M.LA',, tpeciai traiu, the jury should remember that for flit general public no engine would leave a niiway yard specially engaged for less than £1. Mr. Mason hired a train aud objected to iay tho usual charge, whereupon Mr. Epeight.cduCcd the rato to him to £1. It i slid that was dono because Mr. Mason ras a member of Par liament, aud tho comcsaion would not have beon mado to other. In tho caso of Gilbert, a station master at flraham-Btrcet, Port Mel- bourue, on reccivinguotico of removal to .Spot- t is wood e, he went D Mr. Durham, M.L.A. , who wrote to Mr. Epoiglc thereupon, And asked him not to remove Giliert. Mr. Speight replied to Mr. Dcrham that the mattor would bo con sidered, and Mr. Gilbert wa then ordered back from Spottiswoole to Graham-street. If Mr. Gilbert wanted to stay at Graham-street, why did ho not rmke his own appeal, inntend of goiug to a menber of Purliaineut? There must havo been n special reason for goiug to a member, or it would not have been done. Yet it is said there was no political influtmco. 44 COMIJIG IT A LITTLE STIFF." Now I must lefcr to Coultas's oasc. Mr. Coul- tua was beattn by the commissioners in a court of law. Yox kuow, gentlemen, when a person is so beaten, bo usually has to pay the costs of both sides. Mr. Coultas thought this obligation wns very bard on him, so he sot to work to see if ho could uot gut something done, and went to Mr. Zox, il.LA. Thsy two then weut to Mr. Speight, tnd first of nil asked him to let Mr. Coultas off paying tho department' costs. Sir. Spsiglit agreed to forego these, for the reisoit, so he stated in court, that ho was under tho impression be oould uot havo got tbcm oat of Coultas. Ono concession having been gained, Mr. Zox wrote to Mr. Speight, and asked him to pay Coultas's own costa Now that was coming it a little stiff, you know. (Laughter.) But iu the upshot ths department did ngrce to pay Coultas's own costs, beside letting Coultas off paying ths department's costs. Mr. Coultas, then, according to tho report of an interview ho had with Mr. Speight, at whioh Mr. Zox was present, asked Mr. Speight to pay his medical costs. (Laughter.) Mr. Speight de clined to do that. Mr. Speight assured the court that he had nothing whatovor to do with arrangiug that Mr. Coultas's law costs should be paid by the department. I am quite sure that Mr. Speight was not intondiug to mislead you, gtmtlenicu. I think lie believed, when ho said he had nothing to do with it, that he did not arraugo the matter; but, you remem'ber, he wa confronted with a shorthand report of an ' iutervicw which he held on 8th January, 1889, just before ho started for Eng land, wherein Mr. Speight told Mr. Coultas he was prepared to pay Mr. Coultaa's law cost a taxed. I think you ought in justice to believe that Mr. Speight when he denied making the arrangement had forgotten that interview. However, in this matter you havo to ask your selves, as in others, why should the member of Pailiament appear ou the scene in connection witli tho claim? 44 PASSED BY DIRECTION OF THE COM MISSIONERS." Now I come to the case of Stevens, a gas- fitter, .in which Mr. Zox agaiu appears. Dr. Jonasson had rejeoted him as a candidate for employment, bccauso his lung capacity waa greatly deficient. At Mr. Zox'a request, Steven was examined agaiu, and tho doctor wrote, "I now pans him iu accordance with the direotion of tho commisiionsrs." That means— I don't withdraw my formor certificate ; I don't say he is medically fit to enter the icrvice, but I pass him because I have been told to do so. Then after he is paaBcd, ws find Mr. Speight writing to Mr. Zox, saying, 44 Stevens is now eligible for employment. The difficulty in pasa- ng him was on aocount of an unsatffaolory medical examination, which was ovcijomoby his submitting to a further ordeal." ills quito evident from that letter that Mr. Zox hd suc cessfully interested himHolf on behalf of Itevmm. Coming to Tyrero claim on acoountl (RUng tpnrk arrester to certain engines, tho meet-ion ought to he asked why Tyrer did not lake hi application for payment himself ? Mr.Bpeight fuked Mr. Allison Smith whether tho fifing wa dono aud whether tho clmrgo was fair. ;At that point the matter hung fire for sotno tiffl. Then Mr. O. E. Jone, M.L.A, caino upon ta scene. Mr. Jones wrote to Mr. Speight, 44 Yd told mo a month sincoyou would pass Tyrer'/ aeoonnt, I havo boon astonichetl to leiirn it 1 hnging flro in the hands of tho Locomotive Supmhtendont. Will yon kindly elcotrify someone art oblige?' Mr. Speight, in ropl/r, mud he lift 44 much ploasuro in saying Tyrer' account hj now beon passed for payment." So you see Erectly Mr. Jones applied by letter reminding Jr. Speight of tho promiio made to him do account was paid. In Van den Luffs canj the young man of that name applied for Employment and was refnuod. Ills father 'thenprote to Mr. Shaokell, M.L.A., stating, 44 1 trpt with your kind ABslrttAnco," a second applicsion 44 will bo of more use than the last one." Jr. Shackell thereupon, wrote to Mr. Speiht a letter marked "Private," with two lincainderneath it saying, 44 My dear Speight— The folo«od appli- onion readied me to-day. I forv/rd it without dolay no that the application majbo recorded." Mr. Speight replied, "When wesro resuming our survey work 1 will tko oare this request is considered." Then Is to Moore's timber. Mr. A. Harris, M. LA./ wroto to Mr. Speight about that, and in rejly Mr. Speight said, 44 1 have instructed tho (railway store keeper to put himself in comlunication with Mr. Moore re his offer to sujply firewood nt Toongabbfe." This man's offd had probably boon shelved until Harris infrvened. Why should tho railway stornJceop/ have been gnl vaniaod into Hcarching Mooreout in this way J Then, n to the increment inho lervicc. Wc .save ..r. K. June uiuug his oar m again on that mattr, although it was a question which onpt to havo been entirely between the head >f the doparfmcnt and the employe, in whia no one had any right to interfere. Mr. Jnes wroto to Mr. Speight reminding him j a pramiso he had inade to givo tho increment to the Htaff during the moutii in which his lobbr was dated. Mr. Speight, in reply, ndmitfd tho promise, but said it wa dillioult to reiember every promise he made. Ho also aaod that the incre ment would be give in time for tho November alarios. Wlm had Mr. Jones to do with tho increments? Ijis ovident ho would not havo beon asked to ijtorfere if somo of tho employes lmd not, ightly or wrongly, thought they would getthem quicker by hie interference. In Porte' Grant's caso, that einployo was dismlmod f and insulting some fomals. Mr. Bell, M.LU., interfered, and afterwrd ho was rein stated. Nicholson Lec, k dismissed employe, was reinstated after an application had been mado that ho sbuld ho by Mr. C. I'l Jone. In the cab of W. Rutter, who applied for a transfer frth the Williamatown to tho Port Melbourne worthops, Mr. Derhara was asked to interfere, and fee transfer was granted. In reply to an applicAtih by Mr, Gillies for the transfer of Fireman Dres from Castlemaine to Melbourne, Mr. Speig)t wroto that tbo matter should receive immedlteattention. Mr. Small, who wanted to buy Iceland of the department, did not make nppliotion himself. He applied to Mr. Zox, and M: Zox sent in a letter in which he said Mr.Small waa an "important constituent." Agaiflt the reports of officers, Mr. Small was allowod>o purohaso the property. I have to Jeal with fro moro matters in connec tion with (hi braiib of tho caso before I leave it — namely, with tho giving of information to memborH of Parlamont in regard to railway matters before tl newspapers, and tho issuo of freepnsscB to mcmbori, their wives and families, but I will adjourn now. His Honor ocniulted with ths jury as to the order of business for the ensuing week. Ho ultimately agreed >o adjourn from Tuesday night to Friday mtfning to allow the jury to viflit Molesworth o "Wednesday, and to record their votes at the,cnoral election on Thursday. He adjourned fro yesterday's sitting to 10.30 a.m. on Monday-uxt. 