TEE ANTI- OPIUM OR US ARE. Mr "\V>c. Moore, ix tiie " Humani tarian'.'' The [late] Viceroy of India, Lord Lausdowne, has truly said that "if we were to bo deprived, by a stroke of tho pon, of our opium revenue to morrow, the consumption of the drug would continuo in spite of us, and it is as much beyond our power to put an end to the use of opium in India and China as it would be beyond the power of tho friends of temperance in England to put an absoluto stop to the consumption of intoxicating liquors m that country." Neither is the abuso of alcohol and opium by a minority sufficient" justifica tion for the deprivation of the majority of eithor one or tho other. As observed in my book, " The Other .Side of tho Opium Question" "If anyone will calmly aud with unpre jtiuiccd iuiu(l examine the opium question, it will be found that the exaggerated aud sensational accounts of the evil effects of opium dwindle in a manner suggestive of a veiy weal causo indeed. It becomes as tho great Lexicographer described the ghost of Cave, which he said he had seen—< Why, sir, a kind 0t shadowy thing! ' " Tho anti-opiumits do not seem to bo aware that other things besides opium are smoked, which aro much more deleterious, and the effects of these substances are attributed to opium. First, there is muthlut, which is a mixturo of inferior opium and dried bran. This is smoked like tobacco, aud as there is no greater con venience from lying down, it is usually ! smoked in thouprightposition. If bran , cannot be obtained, or when people aro very poor, they mix dried cow dung with tho opium. Secondly, there is a preparation known as "tyc ehandoo," which is made from the refuse of half-burnt chaudul scraped from pipes, the refuse of opium, gungali, or bhang, and „bad tobacco, -thirdly, there is gungah and bhan«-, the first being the dried flowors of the Cannabis saliva. or hemp plant, the latter being dried leaves and stalks of tho plant. A person under tho in fluence of Indian hemp, especially when the drug is used as an infusion or decoction, is often affected in much the same manner as if under tho in fluonco of alcohol. The effects of chandul carried to excess aro to placo the user in the condition, of having passed tlio illusionary or dreaming stage into a state resembling tho Nil? vana of tho Buddhists when tho mind is a blank, and there aro no thoughts. The effects of gungah carried to excess arc more and more vivid illu-. sions of the brain ; and so temporary or permanent insanity, especially in those hereditarily disposed, may ori ginate from hemp. If tho anti opinmists would limit their endeavors to slopping tho uso of muddut. tyo-, eliandoo, and hemp, they would be engaged on a beneficial work. I commend this to their serious con sideration. It lias the recommendation of being a Jellyby-liko philanthropy which seems preferable to anti opiumists to a philanthropy at homo. Or they might endeavor to stop opium smoking in tho United States, whero it is said there aro a million of smokers. There is, at present, ;a Boyal Commission on Opium sit ting in India, after taking evi dence in this country. According to tho evidence, as reported in the "Times" and in the Indian papers, scarcely any but missionaries have anything to say against opium. Even some missionaries—Mr Munro] ; for instance—-state " the consumption of opium is no obstaclo to missionary effort." One effect of the use of opium, which has been frequently denied, comes clearly out in the evi dence—viz., the prophylactic value of opium against malaria. When opium users are subjected to the "same malarial influences ns non-opium users, the former enjoy an immunity which is remarkable. How opium acts as a preventive of aguish disease, is that it prevents chill, which, if not the only cause of aguo, is cer tainly the direct cause of inrny repe titions of attack. Tho Indian, after working hard and perspiring under a burning sun, is very liable to become chilled by tho night fall of temperature. But either "before or after liis evening meal he takos his opium, and remains warm and glow ing. If the anti-opiuniists had their way, there would be a great increase of malarial disease in India. There would he a loss to India estimated at about £13,000,000 annually. Mr Alexander, the secretary'of the Anti Opium Sociotj', states the British taxpayor would gladly inalce up the loss to India ! The native princes would be aggrieved by tlio loss of much revenue. The people would bo discontented, by being deprived of a source of enjoyment, and of .relief from pain. One section would be lieve it was done to give im petus to tlio importation of British ' spirits into India.. Another section would realise that tho mis sionaries are the motive agency, and would regard it as a step towards interference with Eastern religions, The importance of tho subject, whether regarded sanitarily, socially, politi cally, financially, or religiously,- can-r not bo exaggerated. If the use of opium - is materially-interfered with, tlio results will cause such interference to be regarded in future-years' as- the great absurdity of.the, "Victorian ; era.: 