I CHILDRENS' COLUMN. TWO BOYS IN THE ALPS. IBy ALICE CBOSSBTTE HALL.] AU Richard could see was a confused mai of broken branches, flying dust and stone then a dark object hurled over that frightfi edge. For an instant bc seemed turned to stone then with an agonised cry of "Alf., Alf., he was about to start headlong down th precipitous wall that extended to the depth his friend must have fallen. Tho very mac ness of it stopped him. If bc did not los his own life it would be but a slow and toil some process getting to thc bottom. To retrace his way, long and roundabou as it was, to reach the plateau and go aroun and up again to the bottom of the precipice was, after all, the surest, doubtless the quick est way. He did not stop to reason it out It came to him like a flash. 'Dieu, with one wild desire to reach hi friend, to get, if possible, one last token o life, he turned and sped downward over th same route up which he had just climbed e toilsomely. It was too rocky and difficult fo the same usu of his alpenstock, but he did no care, trusting himself to it blindly, awingiuj ; himself recklessly over the rockB with many i bruise from their jagged points. But the outward bruises were nothing ti the inward goadings of bis conscience. Th one thought that stood out with vivid dis tinctness amid thc wild tumult of his brsii was that it was he who bad ied Alf. to hi horrible death. Then came thc glacier. Now his progrès was more rapid and here hiB alpenstock die good execution, for by its aid he flung himsel along with tremendous leaps. But the snov blinded him, and rapidly softening againB the icc, he would slip end flounder am fall, only to pick himself up, then on again. One of these flying leaps brought hin above thc crevasse, which he hod quite for gotten. By adding an impetus to the forware motion he was lauded sprawling on the farthe edge of the chasm, the upper part of his bod) on tlie rock but his legB overhanging th" crevasse. On that perilous edge he would almos inevitably have slipped into the chasm, ha< not the point of his alpenstock, aB he slippe< and fell, planted itself so firmly in thi opposite wall as to bold him in his position and enable him to regain his foothold, ant speed on again. He shuddered with terror a the thought of himself at the bottom of thi crevasse, alone and helpless, with nigh coming on, and his poor friend dying alone Now the glacier was past and he had reache< the sharpest descent of all, yet growing mon and more reckless os he proceeded. Then there was a snap, and he was hurlee forward with his shoulder Btriking against i rock, his bead just escaping a sharp poin that might have given a death blow. Hil alpenstock, which a few minutes before had, doubtless, Ba ved his life, had now all but beer the means of his losing it. It had broker under the great strain. Richard flung il from him as he fathered himBelf up, proaninj from his bruises. Fortunately, he was near the plateau. There was the flat rock where he and Alf. hod lunched so happily. It seemed agei ago. On be sped along the plateau, then ur. again Uutil ne came within sight of the fatal edge, lt was UB he had feared ; below it a sheer precipice over which no bornai being could fall and not meet death; He climbed on, and up, with an icy dread upon him of what he was doubtless soon ra see. What he did see, however, was only a huge bank of sand, and orumbling stone, the ac. cumulation of years. That was all-no tract of any human being. "Alf., Al'., Alf.," he shrieked in a men- tal agony that almost crazed him as the echo went reverberating among those strange solitude», giving him a sense of solitariness that seemed absolutely unbearable. What sound was that? was it an echo ? was someone mocking him ? was it a human voice 1 "Alf.," rang out again on the stillness more desperately than before. "Hello, came faintly from some point far above him. What miracle was this? Looking up, Richard caught sight of Borne portion of the branch on which Alf. had taken his downward slide, just visible above the edge. Did his eyes deceive him? Had it really lodged ou its way down-in fact, never come over that dreadful precipice at all? Surely, it was from the midst of it that Alf's voice had come. "Alf., Alf.," bc called again, feeling a sense of relief utterly indescribable. "Are you really there, and not killed ?" " No, I'm not killed," came back faintly. " But I feel all smashed up. Don't try to come up here, but get someone to help me out of this.1' Richard's thoughts flew to the shepherd lad. Between them they could, doubtless, extricate the poor boy. "I'm going for JuliuB," he shouted. He picked up Alf's alpenstock and was speeding back, flying it seemed to him, in Bpitc of his bruises, and aching legs. How he reached the shepherd's hut he scarcely knew. Thc setting sun was light- ing up the snowy peaks with a rosy glow as he approached it, bringing into bold relief all its surroundings, especially the welcome form of Julius, who was standing just outside the door, hands in his pockets, as if he had not changed his position since morning. Richard quickly told the story. Seizing his stout weiking stick, bis constant mountain companion, and like a faithful shepherd, taking one look at the cows and goats, Julius was off like the wind, leading Richard a chaBe to keep up. These shepherd boys are expert climbers. His feet clattered over the stones, even with those poor apologies for shoes, wooden soles, with pieces of leather to hold them on. But there was something, which Richard did not know, that lent swiftness to JuliuB's headlong speed. Four years before, to till up some idle hours, and do a good deed, ss he thought, in thc interests of tourists, he, with thc help of one of his gouts, had dragged up and placed across the breach in the path, the same branch which, gradually decaying, end at last made worthless by time and weather, had broken under Alf's weight. He WHS gouded on to the rescue nuder a senBe of his own responsibility in thc disaster. They found Alf. near the place of bis fall, moving painfully and laboriously about on his hands and knees. "Only trying a little change," he said. "Three or four hours ¡none position proves rather monotonous. Besides, I wanted to find nut how many bones were broken. I really believe not one, but I am pounded to a jelly, and one aukle liss got an awful sprain." It hardly needed an explanation on his part ss to how thc whole thing happened, and he bad so marvellously escaped. The broken branch had gone down thc slido with the heavy cud foremost, which, in crashing among some rocks collected at the top of the ledge, had been Btopped lhere, only dislodg- ing ono of them, which had gone over the precipice and which, in all the dust and com- motion, Richard had supposed to be Alf. Alf. had, at the start, fallen back among tile smaller branches, and tuken his downward slide face upward, thus miraculously escaping with only his bruises and a bad wrench of the ankle as he struck among the rocks. " But, goodness, Richard," he exclaimed, "one would think from your looks that it was you who had taken thc tumble and gone over the precipice, and it W«B your ghost that Ind come up to find me. Did you really think I was killed ?" Richard could not ttnswer. The horror of that dreadful fate his friend had escaped -the long weariness of the body, and agony of mind, and the relief frcm the dreadful tension, were too much for him. lie flung himself by Alf's side and threw his arms about bis neck in au outburst of weeping. Bel ween them Richard and Julius managed to get Alf. down the mountain side, some- times malling a chair of their crossed bands and sometimes propping him op on both sides. They put him to bed in the small spues where Julias slept, where were piled some pine boughts covered with ragged blankets. " Don't be troubled about me." AU. said. ?' I'm getting used to tree branches-if they only haven't a fancy for rapid travelling." Julius was sent down the mountain to carry a message to the mothers of thc lads, and Richard was left alone. He sat outside the hut in the Alpine night. The moon was moving overhead in the clear- est of skies, end the snow-clad peaks had almost the brightness of day. All about him on the moonlit slopes were lying the cows, the occasional tingling of the bells being the only Bound in the strange stillness. The stones in the little hut, and thc pot of edel- weiss in the crevice were not the ouly things that Richard saw. He had had an experi- ence. {Concluded) 