an old proverb telle us that 'aoft words do not butter parsnips', We trust this will bo borne in mind by those of the elpotors who have the time nnd patience to wade through the manifesto recently published by Sir James Patterson, The usual pro mises are, of course, made, but it strikes uo very forcibly that the Pat terson Government have in the past made numerous promises of a similar nature, not ono of which lip,s beon carried out. Let us just try to state what their accomplishments have been during the 18 months they have held the reins. It is a very easy task, for the simple reason that the record is such a small one. Thoy have reduced the salaries in the Government Serv vice, and in doing so they have adop ted such arbitrary tactics that they have very pearly succeeded iff cfoating a small rebellion amongst the State servants. Thoy have passed a Drodit Foncior Bill through the Assombly, but havo passed it in such a shapo us thoy muet have known would have rendered it impossible to engineer it through tbo Upper House. Possibly the thought that this would bo a good cry to go to tbo cquntry with influenced their action in tbiB matter. Thoy havo inorensed the duty on sugar. Thoy have imposod a primage duty which has nearly had the effect of demolishing tho Intercolonial trade. Thoy havo pro duced a budget which will bo univorp- ally admitted to bo tho worst tho colony has seen. They have—hut hero we are forced to stop, as the record of thoir glorious achievements in the interests of tho country io completed Jt ie very difficult to see op what possible grounds tho oxistipg Oabjnet con be supported. It is very amusing to boo tho lately de veloped interest in tho; farming corar munitv. and it surely must oauae doubts as to the carrying out of the promises made, when it is remembered that dur ing the year and a half the Government havo beon in power no steps whatovor havo been takpn to remove tho burdens under which tho farmers are undoubt edly laboring, and which havo so sud denly unfolded thomsplvos to tho guzo of tho powora that were. Tho general publip have pot yet. bepp taken into the oonfidbnee of tho loader of tlio Opposi tion. We understand that lie intends divulging his policy to:morrow (Wod npsday), pnd wo trupt to see thut tho interests ef tho country districto are properly viewed by tjro Liberals. It muat be rememborod that had it not boon for tho continuous and strenuous offortB of the Liboral party , in tho past thoro would not now hayo bpon any agricultural community to which to ap peal. We need ojily to refer to the battle thoy fought at tho timo of tho imposition of tho present land tax, when tho party which ia now reprosontod by Sir James Patterson wero signally do- leacou. JLiiu jjiuurais nave prpvou cueir friendship to the country in tho past, and we strongly think they are pore entitled to its corifidouco now than are .those, who, whilst making prpfuse pro mises wlion Booking ro-olootion, a short timo before attompteil to imposo a tax of 10 por cent, upon til nrticleo in daily use by tho masses, and reduced tho duty on spirits and champagne. We trust that our views on this matter will bo endorsed by the eloctors, and that on the coming election day Sir James Pat- torson and tho otbors of his Cabinot will bo relegated to thut obscurity wlionco thoy should noyer haye boon allowed to emerge. Dr C. 0. Salmon, who is now busily pngnged visiting the centres of his con stituency, arrived in Avocn last evening. His tour has boon a most successful one and he has been accorded roo«t favor- ablo roeoptious at Tulhot, Bowonvalo, Alma, Evnnsford and Homebueli, To day ho was watmly recoivpd hero, aud, doubtless, ho will faro similarly ai Amphitlicatro and Lexton, whither ho goes next; when ho has visitod tlioso places tits' preliminary trip will bo com pleted, and ho will then softlo do\ya to real election work. Mr A. Hoed, sooretary of the Avoca Bras? Band, acknowledges with thanks the receipt of a donation of £ 1 towards tho funds from tho Hpn. W. H. S, Osmund. . ' The Fife and Drum Band, under the con- dcctorehip of Mr ThoB. Rollings, performed an ozoollent programme of music in High Street on Saturday evening. Tho lads played oxoocdingly well, again reflecting much credit on tho patience and ability of their lender. Id connection with tho Talbot and Avooa Electorate wo havo hoard the names of Messrs Geo. Mitchell,' of Talbot ; Thoe. Coopor, of Crcawick ; and R- B, Stamp, of Melbourne, meniionod as likely' to oppose Dr Salmon. The first moulioncd gentleman is the most likely to come forward, and c, meeting of his frionds was to bo hold in Talbot last 'evening to arrivo at a decision, Sinco tho above was in typo we learn by wire that nothing doflnito has boen decided with .respect lo Mr Mitchell, who.ae decision is now doforrod till Thursday/ The Shiro of Avoca invilos tondors for works in another column. At tho Avnnn Pnl inn' k. j- — y»«vw j uniufui y wu- fore MosBrs G. Pinch nnd W. Walker, J b. P., "VViso and Co. procoodod against J. T. Cudmore, with tho Shiro of Avocs as garnishco, on a claim of £13 2s 5d. Mr E. S. Horring appeared fpr tho judgment creditor and stated that ho pndorT stood there was no dofonce, the Council ud- mittoa owing Cadinoro £7, and as there was no appoarsnco ha must ask for an order for that amount. An affidavit was lodged to tho effect that the nionoy was due, and in con- sequence thereof the ordor true cnado by tho Bench. The Arooa nnd Moonambol footballers mot m the Public Park on- Saturday nflor- noon, whan a most interesting game resulted! A gfiad number of spectators watched tho play with much interest, and this was main tained to. tho close, us the winning goal wqs not kicked uptilafow minutes before timo when tho Moonambol players sucoeodod in wresting tho laurels from tho home loam Every effort was made by the local playors to cqualiso matters in tbo short timo at thoir disposal, but without offect, and the gamo roaultod, Moonambol 2 goala 2 bohinds Avoca 1 goal 6 behinds. Mossrs J. Brown and T, Lambort wore tbo rospootivo contains and Mr E. J. Now worked hard us oontral umpire. Tho usual monthlv mnnttnr, „P a Firo Brigndo will bo hold at tljo station this evoning, wlion matters relative to tbo forth coming flflwer show, which is being taken up ao enthusiastically, wjll bo advanced a furthor stage. Owing to tho Shire Hall boing onnngod for Wednosduy tho 12 instant, the Gift Tree in connection with tho Avoca Wosloyan Church has been postponod until Tuesday 18th inst, tor which dates additional attractions have been provided in tlio shapo of tableaux art gnllorios, and other novelties. The tickets at 2s and Is outit'lo the holdora to n prize, as well as admission, and those who dcBiro (o enjoy tho fun without tho prize cun do so by paying the modest ontranco fee of sixpoqeo. The prooeeds are to bo dovoted towards dofraying thp groat exponsoe inearrod, about £85, in putting now roofs on tho church nnd school. Tho Madame Hopkins Company com mences pumping operations to-dsy. Mr Jno. F. l'aton conducts an important auction sale on behalf of Mr Thomas Woods to;uiorrow, at Avoca. Tlio root" of education ore bitter, but the fruit ja Bivoet, Moths can bo successfully removed from cerpots in the following mnnnr j-rffrmg a coarse towpl out of clear, cold water ; cpread it smoothly on the carnet, iron it dry. with a good hot iron, repeating the operation wherever tho moths are supposed to bo. There is no need to press bard, and the color of the carpet will not be injured, as tho mptlis are destroyed by the heat end Bt The art of making rubies, according to a Royal Institution lecture by Prpfcasor Judd. is now extensively practised. The ruby is simply crystallised alumina or oxide ot aliiininiiiiii. nnd many processes havo boen adonted to bring about tho crystallisation, the most successful haviop been thono of tho hto M. Frcmy, tho distinguished French chemist. His first plan was to heat pure alumina with oxide of lead jn n silicious crucible, when crystals of alumina formed on the side of tbo cruoiblo ; but m a later prpco'ss ho beatod pure alumina, potasli ood fiprirlo of barium with a similar result. In both cases it was necessary to add a Bait of chrominm to give tho characteristic ruby color, although there aro reasons for beflov- in'rr i hut the chromium acts only as n ' ininernlisor,' and not as a coloring matter. Somotiines blue crystals of lurquoiso and bluish pink crystals of nniotliyst were found amongst tlio mass. Tlio artificial rubies, known as Geneva rubies, uro as hard as the natural onos from Burmah, are _ identical with them in clicniical composition nod molecular structure, aud are only slightly inferior in color . and lustre. . They are largely psod as watch jowels, and, doubtless, many of tbom piu as natural atones for other purposes. ' " '. . Some Jator particulars in regard to tno Javanese revolt against tho Dutch. Iho rebels ore strong at tho ancient capital, Mntnram, and are fortifying it against tl(o Dutch. Tlio latter appear to bo carrying on a desultory sort of bombardment. Atnpanap, tlio oliiof trading pqrt of Lombqe, is in Dutch hands. ' Two Englishman arrested tliorc on a cliargo of siding with the nativee. Morn tronblo for tbe Foreign Office. ' Picaroon,' in tho 'Pull Mull Budget, writes : — Mr Grant Aflen, in Ins posl- pran- dislly philosophical manner, asks aftor the Now Man who is to ' keep his end up' with tlio New Woman. The pcadion, argues Mr Grant Allen, rlomnnds brilliance in her uiato. Whence lie infors that tlio Now Woman will chooso a brilliant man ipr ncr nutiuumi, »uu in a few docades evolve a race of intellectual giants. Tlio outlook is promising for tbo future; Only I havo noticod that tho Now Woman not infrequently selects a bald- lioiulod stockbroker who snores after dinnor ; quite an Old Man, in fact. And tbatsort of thing plays iho douco with tho national stud book, whjch Mrs Woqdhall Martin favors. At last tbo tariff strugglo in tho United Stnlcs has coino to n temporary halt. The Free Tradors linvo boon imablo to overcome tho influence which tho lavishly distributed bribery of the trusts exorcised upon the Senators and havo had to be contented with freo wool, and 15 per cont, reductions on a number of manufactured goods. As Senators uro clcctod for six years, the wave of Freo Trade feeling lias not yet touched that body, but as soon as the time coines a purification will lake place which will make furthor ad vances possible). Tlio total area of New Zoaland iH about GO, 000,000 acres. Of this 18,000,000 acres of tho very best hind is ownod by 1G15 inon. A road experiment of sotno importance will be mado in Ohio, U.S.A. The legisla ture has authorised Geauga county to borrow £20,000 to, lay steol tracks to bo used by waggons oh well no curs. The tracks will be at the service or unyo'no paying a suitable toll. A similar trank. will ... bo laid between panflL'iu unit Vouiightowii In a -uciKtioourfng county, the town of Canfield having been greeted authority to issue bonds for £0000 for the purpose. Tho theory is that theso trucks will ho more serviceable than macada mised roads. Their most striking feature, however, in uso in common by tho public. This may loud tho way to changes in ordinary transportation of no little consequonce.— St. Louis ' Qlobo Democrat.' Tho progrnmrno for tlio Metropolitan Bqnrd of Works toy tho current year is a very estenRivo one, and will bo cheerful reading for tho unemployed The expendi ture of tlio Board for the currant year is os- tiinntod at £033,7(14, of which £211. G50 is for walor supply construction, £46,100 for wnter supply maintenance, £430,011 for existing sewerage contracts, und £150,753 for now soworngo works. In tho laltor item £42,150 is for rotienlation sewers, and £33,5G7 for rnuin scweis. Ono-third of tho world is controlled by tho Anglo-Snxon race. The longest clock pendulum ever made is that of Iho Eifl'ol tower — 377 foot. Ovor 20,000 meu, women and children diod from snakebites in the year 1S93 in Jndiu. Leather trunks wore' made and sold in Rome as early as tlio days of Julius Caesar. For every widower who marries a widow there are elovcn who ospouso maidens. Thepfl fit A lT>nrn at ii Irna t n Mm TTn!l-nJ Ci. than m all tlp res(i of. the world put to gether. ' ' No man of a loss etaturo than 5 foot 9J inches can onter the polioo force of New Tork. A Waterloo veteran, in tho person cf Count Donnot-Yorgot, kus dicpl at Paris at the ago of 100 years. " ' 'llie Admiralty havo given instructions for swimming eluijacs to be (ormod at the Sheor- ness School of Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in tho world is that of Peter tho Great at St. Petersburg. Jte weight is about 1100. tons. ' ' A singular discovery has ' beon mado in Algeria on the Bito of tho ancient floinan town of Thamugadia, new known as l'iuignd. 1 ort.ons of n colossal statue, tho height of whioh is estiuiated to havo been no, loss than nino yaydb.-havo boon fontid. In Hungary it is the custom for tho groom to give tho bride a kick after t'hp wodding ceremony to rnako her feet her snbiootion Ibis is a matter that suggests thought. ' Tho tail of the knngaroo is tho floshiost part of tho animal. It is considered' dainty food when boiled in ita own ekin, which afterwards :aay ha draijrn off like a gloye. Tho death is announced of General Bouliin- gor's mothor, Madamo BoulauGCr. neo Grif. fiths, a lady of We'sh birth, at tho ago of 03, In tho apaiftmont at Paris whoro sho had uvea tor many years. She had been in a wandering stato of mind, hor f Acuities having declined about tho timo whon. hor son's popularity in Paris was nt its climax. Sho was unnwaro of his expulsion from tho army cUe;tXBeruasl8UiCidj " lMli8 . Valentino Yox Becms to have found an imitator m an adopted Japaneso crirl of eighteen who resides in tffo province of Kai. Hor foster parents and neighbors were ro- contly nstoundod by tho discovery that tho house woe haunted by a most mjs'torious voice. No ghost could ho diecovored. At ' ' wnB found that tbo girl hud develonod an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. Sho had been oxoroisnig her faculty for the purpose of compelling her parents by adoD. ticn to restore her to her real mother, ' Tho trade in ehrimps has grown f'o enor- inouslv during tho past year or two that about four totiB daily aro despatched by tho mail boats from Oat«md to Dover, whence Pfa v CThifly t0 I,0ntl0tl ""<1 tho groat centres of Lancashire nnd Yorks shire. 1 hey aro eaught on tho saud eoaBts of Bolgium and boilod ready for market, and packod in hugo hampers eo us to reach brenk- faet tables in the English Midlands the next h Nature and revelation are alike God Is books. Each may have mysteries, but in each tlicio are plain, practical lessons for Vproiessor Hardy says that strong eiiarocter like etrong muscles, coinee from activity, from warfare, not retreat; | He that would livo olear of envy must | lay bis finger on his mouth and keep bis band out pf tbo iuk pot. - ! Some timo ago I told you of the change J thut bed come over tho scene of evening nartics, and remarked how nowadays young iiidtrons were being rolegatod to dinner parties, leaving danciis for tlioir unmarried sisters and friends,' ' I have had the foL lowing words sent to mo in rofercnco to tins subject 'As regards a dance, it hikes nothing but a nutpber of young matrons tn bo preront to ensure its success. Married wonion aro ossontial to tho success of nn evening. Tboy are brighter, bettor dreBsed, more amusing conversationalists, snd less likely to bote tho men. Is this true i ? Qf course this was written by a man. On the other hand, a young lady, justly colebrnted for her bounty mid hor rich and Invtoful gowns, who, boing a bollo as well as an heiress, eoys i ao noi kuow about womon, but I do think married men should be ndmitted to privato dances. Bene dicts display much better taste in all matters than do tbo single men. The formor ' spot' tho prettiest women present ; tboy always know where a. areas fails, or why it is better tlmn others that may have cost more, and tboy always know what to got ono for supper.' . Again,'.I asKjrls this true i Quito a large number pf dnirymen neglect to build sheds for their oows, and even the bails in tlio yards in many cases linvo not even a piece of roof over them. Not a few instances can be shown whore the wives and daughters have to sit down in the open yard to milk tho cows. It is not right that eithor tho womenfold or tile cqwa should be subjected to this nogloct. It is oasy to put up a shod of some sort, and it will pa J lo erect a good comfortable byro or milking shod. It must bo as far as possible from tho stnbloj, piggery, or any other evil smell ing piano, and must bo kept freo Horn smells, dirt, otc., and novor on tho loo side of the dung heap, Any smoll that may bo in tho uir will bo quickly takon bold qf by tho milk. Mossis Rowo and Kelly, tho Ouetoms officers, who have beon opening up inurecw in the East for Australian produco, returned to Melbourne lo-day, aftor an absence qf four months. They left tho steamer Gullirio nt Sydney, and came overland. They will present tlio Prorqier yyith q report fif their trip next week. Nov/s was received from from M Donald Bay this afternoon to tho effect that a largo ship bad gono aslio,ro where tho Agnes was wrockod, eastwards of Capo Banks. The lifeboat orow at M'Donald Bay lias loft for the scene of tho wreck. The steamer Ten- terden was wrecked about tho same spp.t in January last. Seqlior Sampaio Ferraz (elected by a flnttoring majority in" tbo federal capital) in a debato on February 14tli, in the Brazilian congress, doclarod himself as being 'entirely' in favor of Free Trado. Ho said that fie ' frankly adopted'tho opinions of tho great propagandist, Henry George, who on tho platform, in the press, in meotings and ovorywliero else, in North Amorica, with a brilliant oloquonco and an incontestable prestigo, sustains tho great advantages of a free commerce, of an amplo oxohnngo of products, without taxes, without imposts, and without that depressing and withering system, Protection.' An oxtonsivo burglary was committed at tho Langhain hotel, Bourko-strect, on Sun day hiuhfc- Ifmrniino was acted by smash ing a skylight over tho billiard room. Tho thiovos secured £79 in money and about £20 worth of liquor nnd oigurs. Mr Whitelaw, nssistunt government ge ologist. is to complote tho geological Biirveys of the Huntly and Bagshot deep leads; and is also to survoy the country between Ben: digo and the Campaspo ltivor, through which Btrotoli of country many auriferous bells of quartz run. Bret Harto thinks that tho great field for tlio American novel of serious import is the oivil war. Excopt in short ei'ories it has boon untouched as yot. Its dramatic and emotional aspects nro infinilo ; und while Amerioun writers are comiDg abroad for scenes to picture, I am in constant' four that coino Englishman of Frenchman will go to America and roap. the Geld in romance which we should now, all local fooling having pnssod away, bo utilising to our own feme and profit.' His o.iyh work, in tlio immediate future, will consist of Ger man, Swiss, and Scottish stories, working up uiutorinls gathered during his Consular exoprionco in Germany and Scotland. Tho number of medical women in Groat Britain is now 186, uud of tliOHO twonty liave bocoino members of tbq Britjsh Medjcal Association. Some pooplo would like to bo considered tho salt of the earth without doing any of tlio salt's work. The othor day (comments a London pa per) it was stated that a Japaneso firm wqs tunning a steamship line botwoen 1'okio and Trioeto, and to-day we are told that a ship load of Australian meal has urriyod jn Yionnu. " It wob packod in ice, arrived in vory good condition (Says tho London " Standard") and was at onco. bought up by the butohors, who retailed it qb fresh killed bepf from home bred animals, a trick ap parently borrowed from- tlio meat salosmon of London. Tho YVar Office has deciJad to make po experiment with Australian moat for feeding fli® Austrian Army, A gnqd doal lias bean written abont tho market for Australian meat in India and tho position of Australia as an ' Asiatic Power," but noth ing iHfi\bro oorfaiu lliah Aliqt, dospito South America s oxcrtione, ;tho demand for boof and mutton on the contineut of Europe, to which Australia might roapond, is by no moans yet satisfied. History . mentions a singlo battlefield where one was slain and his" successor crowned— ftho battio of Boswortli Fiold, fought on 14th August, 1485. Rioliard III. w8b slaio, qdcI tho Furl of Hicbuond v/na crownod i\u Hen?y VI I. ritlf tft nw jcv. r« . v.- c- » t tno ijoohive Mqryhoroug are having a big timo nt llieir foir. Read the following Bouutiful Berlin Wools Gid bundle of G skeins, Crochet cottcn lid ball, Sewing cotton lOJd dozfiob e Damask Gd, Whito shooting U<\, 7d, Win s blepkots 4s Ud, Gs lid, 8s lid, (10s 9d largo double bed size), Oastlomaine Flannel 8Jd Art inusljn Jb, Is Gd doz, TqwcIs Is lid doz, Flannelettes Is fid, 2s 1 ,ds ,do?eu yards, pink do. 2s lid, scarlet and biaek do, 3s fid. Feather boas ld.9 loobes long Is 6d, Knieker suits 2s Ud, v1BnG0M0D?„8"!18 183 6G. Trousers and Vost 9s 1 Gd, Black Mackintosh O.vorcoats Us bit, Men s luion collars Od quality nov; 4Ad, Is quali-ty now 9d, Merino Seamless Sox ead, Shirts lOAd, Boy's and Girl's Tam, onps Gd, Mon s Felt hats Is 9d, unbound" orusli do, 3s Gd, Ladies knitted skirts 9Jd. As wo aro largo cash buyers and direct im- porters from tho manufaoturcrs our value cannot bo beaten in tho distriet. Atlvtj. ' Dbabness and Noises in the Head, oured at tho patient's home. This Illustrated Edition also treats on the cure of Catarrh lironchitiB, Asthma, Extremo Stoutness, Indi- geslion, DyspopBia, Rhoumatism, bv Medieo- Eleetrieity.-dd. J. C. Bright, Publisher zo.Rathbone Place, London, W.England. 