By the English. Mail. l,on l'm }>ri]ieis up to September 23 nl. FRENCH marriage agreements arc not always productive of satisfaction to lUosc interested, tiohier, a farmer, living at Montoirc, recently married a M JI 11; . Bou In v. Au arrangement was made to the effect that Gohier should pay an annuity to liis wife's parents for the transter 10 him-clf of all their available pro. petty. The weddtug touk place, but soon aftc-i it tlie farmer came to the conclusion that he Lad made a bad bargain. He accused hi.-_ mother-in-law of Laving cheated ijiuj. anu struck at her with a batchct as she was in the act of making the family soup. Madame Roulav was severely injured in the head, ami U not expected to recover. Gohier. after having perpetrated the deed, tried (.> drown himself in a well. He was taken out by the gendarmes, but while in prison be strangled himself. AN inquest was held at West Ham with respent to tlie death of William Mullius, aged 43 years. The widow stated that her hus band. after citing a hi/arty breakfast, rushed off to catch a train, but retained shorilv after and said he had lost it. A few minutes after lie expired. A doctor said the pout mortem showed that the deceased was a wcll developod, muscular man. The cause of death was congestion of the lungs, set up. iu his opinion, by the exertion of running to catch a train.-I'he Coroner : It is a most dangerous practice. More people, both young and o!d, arc killed through this than half the world knows. It was only the result of hurry ing tocatchatrain that the late Mr. Theobald, M.P., lost bis life. An old man named John Harry, of Bally lougane. near Midleton. County Cork, has died at the remarkable age of 112 years. He retained a vigorous appetite and all his mental faculties to the last. His daily oc cupation was iu the sporting Held attending on gentlemen while out fowling, aud pickin® up the dead birds for them. He was most abstemious, but was very fond of the weed.'' THE Dublin J'.rj//nv reports a singular case of restitution of found money. During a mission given by the Uedemptorist Fathers at Evrecourt. Co. Galway, a man handed to one of the priests in the confessional the sum of £4>s, which he had found on the road ten years ago. It transpired that at that time Constable Clegg, lost the monev. I he authorities required him to replace it. but he couUi only pay £17, and his comradcs. believing his honesty, made up the rest. He dted afterwards of a broken heart. Xlie money Lr»s been handed to his widow. THE Cunard steamer Lucania, which ar rived at Queenstown from Xew York, during the week, made the fastest eastern passage on record, the time occupied from Sandy Hook to liocl.es- Point, '.'ueeiistown, being five days, eight hours. 3S minute#, iiie Lucania now holds the reeoid for the fastest eastward and westward passage, inasmuch as her la-t westward trip was a record one, the time occupied being to the very minute the same as l :J the voyage just completed. . A whites in the Transvaal tells the follow ing authentic; story of the marriage of Presi dent Protorius :-The good, sturdy eld inau at <"> thought of marriage and wrote to a buxom widow at some distance notifying that he would call on her with a license. So one day lie spamiod-iu his mules, paid £7 10s. for his license, aud leisurely trekked to the widows homestead. He had lingered too long. " Jiji os toe laat, '' said the widow, " I was niarriei last week." Preforms shook I' tV ti ' '''-"turned to Pretoria. ' Mr. Bok.'° he said. ?? I want vmi to scratch out that name and put iu Widow . I ir tV,'"1:'J'U Imvo ,uc': " I eau'tdo tiiat, Mr. Pretoiiuus-the license is annulled ; but go i-owij to Oorn Paul and see what he can do The- ex-President gravely went down to ln> successor aud stated his case: "2fo, no ; I can't do as you -wish i but here is £7 10s. for a new license."' Off. then, went the old man to the registrar, secured his new license, and the widow as well. '1ea IUl,nster lias been washed ashore lit l!oii.-:iy. It resembles a walrus, is from 1" to 12 feel long, and in a decom p,° .stJt0, ^1C bac k of the neck is like that of an elephant: the snout resembles a pig. aud on the body is greyish hair. Another correspondent says it is thicker than a horse, )ut probably much wasted by decomposition. Itie color is a light grey. No one seems to lie able to say to what species it belongs. TlIn de/Uil took I'3ace ,Jlis week of one of the Birmingham Crimean veterans. His name was John Seelv, aud his age 72. He served throughout the" Crimean war, and lmd the Crimean and Turkish medals. He had a pension of Sd. p?r day only, and on this pittance ho and his wife, who is also over <0, hare be*u living. At "West Stafford, a village near Dor elie»ter, considerable excitement has been caused by the rumors of uliosts walking nightly. A search party was formed, both men and women being armed with sticks On arriving at a gate tlic-y saw a figure upon it Qr.ip'.-i1. iu white. The erowd pressed for ward, and the louder* severely thrashed the ghost, who screamed for mercy. He was found to be n laborer of the village, whose wire was one of the attacking party. He was so bruised that he had to go to the hospital. At Mostar, in the Herzegovina, a husband and wife died a mo-: extraordinary death together. The wife went to the wine cellar to^ fetch .- mug of strong nc.v wine for lic-r nusbriO'i supper, an 1 a-the enormous cask was not full she loaned over and fell into it. Her husband immediately dropped iu after her, to save her an 1 both were drowned in a ?£±n?,e\Tll;vr !,roPC! ly is valued at £20,01.10, but they lived as simple peasant*. A Vie.vn'A correspondent savs that on one of the estates of c-.unt Potocki. in Galicia. the very rare event of a mother, daughter and giarsd-dalighter cac'.i giving birth to a son on the same day as this week. The mother is -16, and iiie infant son is her sis tecntU child, The daughter, who has iust presented her hushund with Lis eighth, is 33 years old ; and the grand-daughter. who wa= married last year, is not yet quite IC. AU the three new-born sons are strong and healthy, and the-ame maybe said of their mothers, who belong to the Polish peasant ^ estraodinarv incident has occurred in the Tillage near Chatham. Marriage banns between a young couple were put up at the parish churca and a cottagc was taken as the future home uf the pair. The bridegroom elect entrusted his fiancee with about £40 which comprised in- savings-, and which he had withdrawn from <Ac Post Oflice Savings Bant to buy furniture and household linen. Apparently, however, when he parted with kis money be lost it and his sweetheart together, for the young woman has not Binco been Been in the neighborhood. 