NOTES uY. THE, RE. W. H. SHIELDS, M.A. LEE..DS, April 20. WE bare been home thirteen days: Grand timne t Clifton, Bristol. Cooke's church (curate there) very fine; crowded; 800 people (best in morning) ; All Saints very ritualistic. Things in shops dirt cheap. Apparent prosperity. No special distress all winter. People well fed, well clothed. Australian Burgunmdy; 2s. per flagon (bottle and one fonrth) very good, got at grocer's round the corner. Saw Cathedral. Mrs. S. " didn't like walking over dead men's bones" (i.e., gravestones in church) but saw no ghosts, Saw St. Mary's Redcliffe church, much finer than cathedral. Saw also marks of damage, great damage, done by Oliver Cromwell's troopers to Cathedral and St. Mlary's Church. Handel composed some of hias music on organ of St. Mary's, and was organist at the time of Westbury, close by. Saw his memorial window. Verger of St. Mary's showed us all cloths in present use for Holy Table (which he termed "altar cloths") for the front. For the Easter season there were two white ones, embroidered, and the second best cost £85 ; the cross on the Re Table over the Holy Table cost £.00, was :of ham mered brass, overlaid with '£10 .woitli of gold.. Queen Elizabeth said this church of Redcliffe was " one of the most;famouse, absolute fiirest and goodliest parish churches in England.'" She also said the ladies of Bristol were dirtiest, ugliest women shet had seen, and left some money on leaving to buy them soap. They used soap ever after, and so their children of ninth degree whom we saw are very hand. iome women, with splendid complexions and stalwart figures, but withal modelled on beautiful lines. The sun of England smiled upon our landing, as she smiles upon all her far-off children who come home to see their mother-the mother of nations; but find tng only one was a pure-bred Australian the sun, to our surprise, was next day hidden in a shower of English tears. The two-thirds Australian was greatly amnused with "little tiny paddocks" we eaw-backyard fields, tennis lawn pas tures, in which grazed sheep looking ab surdly big, but yet so fat that a 2-feet hedge kept them safely in their pastures, I so crooked and angular that the country looked like a Chinese puzzle made of bits of turf. Then away in express from Bristol, and by that system so naughty yet so nice of tipping, we secure not only civility but also much other comfort which the real I Australian, abandoning at once his right ideas of railway management, accepts without a word of protest. Alas I Corruptio optine pcessima I Canst thou that hast lived for nigh iglhteen montlishearkeningwhilst Speight and Wheeler sing of "a perfect railway," canst thou no more believe in State-owned railways? "I canst," he murmured, and I Io he slept. Leaving Bristol at 12.20 we reached Leeds at 6.8-being eight minutes behind time. Leeds was-Leeds, smoky, dirty, cheerful, and vigorous. Australia said the houses were all "stuck together," but the funniest thing was that no one got lost and all seemed to know I the way though the streets curled about and twisted till they got themselves in regular knots. No street at Bacchus sMarsh ever mis behaved itself like that. No doubt, though, those who live in Leeds mtust perforce be very sober, or tee total. On our first Sunday we- walked' to the old parish church, noticing the great num bers of people going to church. The churches on an average being nearly half full in morning and quite full at night, but then of the 50,000 sittings in the Church of England churches, 45,000 are abso lutely free seats. We sat where we pleased, and heard end joined (as most did all around us) in the singing, and really, in regard to that singing, one felt how true it was that man was made only " a little lower than the angels." You have heard, of course, of the small boy in Leeds who was being taught by his Sunday School teachers a new hymn, " Have you heard the angels sing ?" and thinking it was a question put up his hiand, " No, teacher, but they'll be now't t' parish church boys." In the evening we went to the church where I was curate in 1884, and met many old friends, particularly the sexton (ver ger, we call him) who has been at the church since it was built,- was 40 years old then, and was 7 when the battle of Vaterloo was fought, so that heis nowalls , bilt 00 years'ol "? .. . . .. .. 