II.-C rA VTIN 1FtLOoID 1N 1 H IkeurIca., Mlost pople, we presumo, have hoeard of that remarkable nesoolntion, the Buccaneers, for mcony years the Implaoatl enemoy of Spain, and wilolh onmo nigh to infloefug total ruinl on the Spanioh colonies in the Now World, TI~la marltimo commonwealth ilu atituted originally for purposes of cmutual dofonoo againsto the enoronohmenfts of tho SLpanhh autho'ltios on their tradelo and liborty, ultlmitoly grow to such lmeonso dimnoenslons as to btohnls a powor of considerable im portance. oSeveral of the European nations who reoalsted tho olains of thie Oourt of MIadrld t o untlr eutpremaoy In tlo New World werrd glad to ally themast ios witl this confoderacy of froobootore. The mosnt drlug ancd lawloess spirits of Europo. tuokod tojoin its rancs; ono gro6? inducement beoing the freoo ad ,xoliihg lifo of the boonuoonr, with Its opportunItlies of amnaseing rlchers nd re. nown nat one and the namtn tihe, Through coarao of time, however the L ooloty degonoratedo from Its fl et o~bj.of exlstonco, The padnaih olites and galleons grow moro wary and dlflloult to plunudore, and tho buoanoore diad not scruple to turn thhir attontioo to tho ships of other and hitherto fiorindly nations, After thi tray of tro trooeht, early In the eighteouth century, the confodoracy was doolaeOd illegal aud the vourtion of the bucoaneer wasn at an end, It was not to be expocted suah a ooucgroeation of douporadoes would ct once qulofy dispeo'Rso and botalco themselvcs to paths of peaceu andl ueofulnoess, Many of thorn dool?a?d tholr Indopocldeno of, and contempt for, Earopoun troeatlon, and contiued to noour the waters of thle Spaucish Main, plundldoring indisarminatoly all they uold anitacle with reoRanoable hope of suconcs, In fat, they boenuo conmmnon prates, iand for many yoars the ocean wan infesttd Iy a murdorouc not of eooundrla to whom robbory was a pIlousro and blootdhod 'a pastino Though still rotalutcing il soma na'os the iun daunted hbravory of the orlghial bhuooucera, theloy hall nolthlni of tholrr wild lcival'y loft to atone fo thce iolont and noodluc oxoonsoI with whieh toheir names are icvalinbly asso. olatoed cd thIctr ohacotors indelibly stained, SAmongs the luo mnoroua plato chiofs wlhosoe namos havo boon Ihauded down to its, oco of theo nost notorlous ws a o?ortain Enlcschl. man of the ncoe of :l'iood, Along wit a lofw lothce lwlocs airitA, luood 1 O'c'd a small sohooner lyicg fn tIhe ha'bour of Kh]i. ston, il Jasanloc, and puit ouat to son, Afltr orulslng atouCt for ocmno montlco, durihc whloih thie hie company wan roorunlitud by rthe additioon (if ncmerus rc ahnrntorst ns raool. lons as hhnIolsf, ]Ilood foud Iahhnsolf at the hoal of ca slololout foreo to attoeict nIcro Important ontClilsron, Hithlertlhoho haud boon aontont with Ip~hdorlng the sandulor' vosolA he mot wtlth bhat the numcbor of the crow nsow wcrrantodl himn la ctteoltlng the lairger actld mot'e vylcatlo sh(ip?h 1rc this pudpols, howaver heI reqcilrcd attother fcas aclhi~cg craft, Iht scmcul ohoonoev-tlco Mosecqulo holni caonvnonatly ovorcrowdead clad cclhosnt d ostllef of havcy gllnc, HO wits 1not oug it ooconllcg coous lheo orlote ie wats ic qccest of, The Governor of one of the French West Indian Islands had lately arrirved in a smart ncw brigantine; a cleover sea boat, thoroughly equipped mih all accessary etores, and carrying several long-range carronades. ~lhe war, iu truth, spccially inutendoaed for the purpose of looking after Euch gentry as Oaptain Flood, who were getting rather numerous and nudnucious in their villainous work among the islands. Hearing this vessel was in port, Flood conceived tbhoold project of cutting her out from under the guns of the fort Hih mmn buing quite agreeab!le to risk their lives in the enter priHo, no time seas lose in att.mpting its execution. Being in harbour and protected by the fort Flood conjectured few men wou d re main on board and an ildifferent watch would be ktept in the brigantine. Accord ingly, oco cvening the Mosquito was cautlously steered inshoroe, and just out of sight in the deepening twilight. When the sobooner arrivedl off the entrance to .the hlarbhur, it was quito dark. and about mid night two boats weore launched over the ehip's side. Some thily of tihe most daringr of the pirates got abnard, and ·ithll muffled oars rowed off in the darukness on their desperate mnission. The expedition was under the eommand of the lieutenant, a Jersey oman of the name of Cemar, Flood him self remaining on board the sohooner to await results. In a short time the boats ranched the brigantine, found, as they anticipated, a careleoss look out Ikept, and before the drowsy sentry had time to fire his muskeot or give an alarm, the pirates had swarmed on board and disarmed and gaggedhim. Thoe hatcheswere at once fastened down over the sleeping men below, and the brigantine captured. The cable was slipped, the foresail silent'y hoisted, and by aid of a strong ebb-tide andl a favourable breeza, the peizo was speedily outside the post, and not a soul on shore a bit the wiser. It turned out a muoch simplcr effir than the piratos had any hope to expect, and they had abundant reason to congratulate them ;elves on their bloodloss vlotory. Irlood now found himselof in pasoeosion of I vessel in every respoot muited to the requirements of his nefarious p ofession. Several f i he captured Fronchmen were not averse to joining vhs ranlks of the pirates, and the others woro buudled into the smallest boat and permitted to malto their way back to port as b?ast they could. The brigantino was ronnamed the Sharklr, and Floud assumed command, Cesar being put ii tho charge of the Mo-quito; the men being apportioned between the two ships. ¶he details of the adventures e.f Flood and his partner for the next two years we will pass over. lDuting that period the two vessels remained in cloose company, earryiug on with impunity their career of tobbery and blood shed. Many a riohlyl-hades mero antmsn had fallen a prey to their combined attacrk, and both wore well flllkd with valuable, if utlawful, spoil. The orna ors of several nialtons wero on the outlook for them, but thanks to thteir fast-atililng qualities, the pUnatioal craft had alwys managed to elude their pursuers. TYhen not ait sea, the little bay we Ihave descriobed ot the southern coast of Sau Doiningo was a favouriote rendczvous of Flood and his comrades. Hero they were in tio habit of froequently ropairing fir rest :nd tihorefictting of their vessels. One important lchange, hIoweover, had taken plce in the relations to Captain Flood and his'lieutentant. Theo latter, in thle desperate cntorprises they engaged in, had shown an amnount of reckless dering anl audaolty which had made him lutonecly popular with the crews of both slips Indood, he had broomno a much moro popslur loader than Flood himseolf. Rlightly or wrongly, the men had acquired the noltiou that thie latter had a wholesnoe reg:rd for his own blin, and although they coltd not accuse him of open onwardice, still he did not display the dash they looltked for in their obhief in anotion. Cmsar's baldness was in direct coatrast to Flood's pusihlani tuity, and the fortter's position grow strongor overy day. Flood was not slow to resetst thle, and much as he resented his drival's growing pDopularity, ho had the aouteness to como to an understandfug and amiablo arrangemorit with him. Ilo aecordingly pro paosed that Cmanr should be placed on an eqlual footing with hitusalf, To this tihe rmoen assented, and the lieutonnnt'was promoted to the mnult of onptain, Flood retained om. masnd of the brigantino, hut Croir had an equal say in tll dlibEr.atlons, and was awarded the full sharo of a captaltn il the divisiont of l ooty. III--Tuti FPArt or Itee 'SetAnt.' Up to this tinmo the operations of Flood and his partner had boon aonflled to the West Indlies, but now, emboldoned by sucesoas anld perhaps throughamoro vigilant search bolng made for them, they dotormlneod to extond the spheore of their dopredatiots. It was agreeood they shou'd leave their custotmary ortilug grouud for a tisme and un noaross lthe Atlantio to the nolghboulhood of tho Catalries IHero thoy oxpeoted to ho ablo to 1lunodcr some of tho largeo hblp tradtiyg w th tho E??st Indies. Tihone ch is weorn muob largor and also bottcr manuoed nnd armed than any they had hitherto venturcd to attlnolr, At the snmO time, if thoro wans inoronsod rislk tlhro was annlso tho ocrtalnty of rlohor spotls. The first sail bightlted proved to be a Dntch barsus from the Oapo, whoich, surrondorlng qulolley, was allowed to proeoood after boing ovcrhnahlo nod all valuablos oarrlod off, A foew days aftorwards nerothor ship hero in sight, As soo 001 s they one wlthlin rango the pirntoa unfurled thlir black fings and opoted firo. The strauger inmmediatoly dli. phiyo ELCglilsh doloura, anr nailed stanlli on, Sho was a largo ]nst IndloluOan, fully ranolrd and oartod c r avoral hoary guna, An qloltly an oher guns could Lo brought to boar sho roturned the plrato'a fdrs, auO was ovt. dolly propar ed o rio to fight of It. Tho pirato osat, arlsng mrlsh faster and moro oridly handled, dol ged round about, pourlingi in thoir ahot nod w ltf log a favourablOe oppor. tunlty of bosrdflg. ]or thle puoposo the Bhark forged aohoad, rand thon, puttiea hoer holno own, otteomptecd to lay lhtrsolf along. sido the merohauntma, Tilo s Macquito mooUtimo poppored away at hor storn, reltady to coane aRIOHldo a and join in theo attack olm nltnaeootsly whtl heor oonort. Thoir littlo plr, howeovor, did not oomo off ais nitlolpatod. Poreivtor thOe o?ljrct of tho tSharrk's lucatlvrhfrl t, tIre Iodlrmun anddonly alteroed hoer oourn a few poonts, anrd, hrlng Ing hIro stnaroard guns to boron, dlisloharogl a rattling broadoldo alop into the plrto, A woll.dirootod shot hit theo Slarlk's foro. tnato and it wout by thoe btonerd, ]D)o. plrivod of horlhonold sllo atd hlhmporoal by tho wrook of the foronost, sheo refonod to LoonIWOP her holm, ned lay a lIroplosa log, An arho pneald, the morohantman rakod hoar fore Inll aift, swooplny hlot dooks ,rad doling frtrliher daolago to thi hi0oll rnd ridrgla, •rg, Thoul , ith or hlunrty ol?her sblo lolcobiorotl prlut on lisr oorao, alooing thie disonmfited iratoas to vont thoir wratmh ard disappoiontmon tn itn o. potort tlrorots and outrsn, Tihe Moaaquito too weak to Calrry on Iho fight aloro, agave nIp thIe alohno aned oremano witoh het r dinsoblod con or t. Mrrttorn wore now in or snmowhaRt atolnos iaition . i On oxlmrsirtolrlnon th o n ' 8har ' wrr ttnd to havelrn boo btadly hit lnlodr hloe w#ator. liln arnd lotlilnct forrlbly, ]3y ontrrsnlt poocnp. ilg she milght lavco bloon rlpt oll?rtb, boot tirrt ioot of workl woH not congrir too tihe plraton, Figlhting tlhor nver oonpliittlet nof Igtllg tOo ontucrh of, bttloarOrt iro eo wrIS a thlt they ]ind ro stomnoh for, lioselds, tlhors wvtY toi folillony porr tt lrnelod whlre thiy anoold rolit, rand too attomlt t(o rotorone tim Atlhtltin will fItrOl'torllst gocrO torind or lonoIy sii jp wasl noo t to be torir girt of, Aftir a hilaly ornnnllhttlol btowoon fhe two onpnillrs hinorrt indtehnto allt awre takleO to trctrt?rr tlte ortoro Xrrluihin portion ot t?ro Slhirlo's hidhlrg ocl itard iho rMoro'ttol lIvolry ant worn 'crow irtecton o00 sfovltr IIt?H hi wn a.b lcnuglngn oloan, rrnr crwqrltly lho ploumni woro btcrrisaon l, ly fle l? ne tin s I rortm lert ao0s part of the cargo had been traushippeod, the leak lad nmade roat progress, and it was evident the briganriu e would rot float much longer. Captain Flood cas now on board the Mos quito, and tie bo.ts were busy bringlng the brigantino's crow on board also. No timeo could be lost, as she was rapidly settling down. T'ho meu were clustered round thebo bulwarks imnpatitutly waiting their turn to be taken ot. About half tite crow had been transferred, and the rest were crowling into the two boals along-ido, when sudden ly, to their orsto:naltion, the M]osquito's boata wore hoisted on board, her sails shaeon out, and the vessel h rsolf steered to windward I A desperace yell of execration arose from the plrates' throats. Could it be possible they were albandoned? Left to drown like rats in a trap P Tho shriek of empty monace and wl:d derpair was heard on board the fast recoding schooner, but remained unhoeeded. It ws now a ease of sauve qui pent. A wild rush wsn mado for the boats. It was impos iblo all could get in with safoty, and a desperate stragg!o begaun for places. Those firsmc in tried to out the boats adrift before theoy got overcrowded. The others strove to got in at all hazards. Pistols and knives were drawn and freacly used in the melee, and thelo inovitab'o restlt oourreod. The boats were swamped, and the fighting p!rates left to st:uggle in the waves. Even then the confllot dii not cease. Thoss who could swim were soloed hold of by those who osuld not, and many who retained hold of thrir knives struck out wildly at their comrados. Some succoeded in olimbing on board the sinking ship, only to delay their fate a few minutes, Most drifted to leewacd ansd quickly sank, toeadily and surely the Sharksettod down. ,Several of thie ptirates hastened to throw a few ph its together to form a raft. Too lato ' With a sudden lurch the brigantine heeled over-the watcr rushed in amidships- her. atom rose higlh in the air-one last dospair. ing bshrieck rang over tlhe surface of the son, and stern first she plunged to her lastreating plaeoo beueanth the waves. A few weeoks afterwards the Mosquito lay at her old anchorago in the little bay. Luckily for the pirates their voyago noross tlho Atlantie had been a rapid one, 'hle uu expected addition to hler complement of men taxed Iheo eoomntisanriat of the schoonor to the utmost, The Mosquito's stook of food and water had boeen alretady much roeduceod by their long orulde, antd had they taken all liood's crew on board there would have beeoon danger of their starving. Solf-praorvationu is the first law of Nature, and wheon the two captains rooognieod their difloulty they did not hesitato to saorifloo the lives of a considerable numnber of their men to save the roemalinder, The pirates on board the kfosquito-lhardened villains though they wero--t, irst t ecsmed inclined to resent thie abantdonmentut of their comrades,. But when thceilr captains' denesonRs for so noting wore explained to them, they acqulesced., 'Probably the fast of their falling heirs to their uhlnelry shipmates' valuables went a iong way to ease their ooeseulonos atind quelten ti:ir resoeutment of the treacherous deed, IV,-Mons Tcanot?nav, 'Thn two c?ptalns bolgo o0o minoro in tho samao vessol, it was mutually ngrood that, uutll auolthlr uitalblOe hip was como noroea, they shou!d roasrno their old rolatlons. Closar saourdinsly resnmad his positiou of 1lo tonsnt with oao resarvation, 'ibls wan, that he should uontliuo to oharo equally .ith Flood in all pluilldor. Thoe lnount of tronesuro anonmulatod by thl pair ws nolow oonasiderocble, Always dreadilg. trenohory, not only from their moll, but also from oolh otiher, it was deomcd doolrableo (int nomes more soo uo plnao tlhn tlb shlip hholsld be found for their ill1 gotteun Itis.t A hlhling-pl?aoo on ohoroe wna, thirofora, sought out ntand a favourablo op« portullty awaltod for the romoval on shoro o( the most valluab!o and portasble portion of thole hlanril, Uno mooilolllht iystlgt, wheno tho orow were all lholow, busily ooouplod in their oustonlury wolic of glaildsig aihd drinkingr the oheolmo wna oartldoslclut As tInRn wheon nt anohor, no watoh was hiopt, and Flood had taken the pronutiUon of serving .out ins oxtra qunntity of lsini.tliat. nI l st About midnlgh t all th orew wore lthior dond drnlluk or an far gonoan to lse tbotlly'fl otpnolteitod from liny notlue in terferonuo wlthl (lis projent, ' Cm'ar oopt forwdl asnd viowed tho eoono bolow tlhrouglih t spun h)atbo way, with enati. asotlon, All 'of tlu sinn were faHt irlslop, e?xcupt a I hlf.doaxin (r so, who still sat round thO tsslhl I inis miuidln onndsltionl with hin(f olosecd oyo., Tlhrue wans s fsour of aiiy inter. rnptionl from thion, saidu tio it t otuo roltIrned sift adl JI.l.ud I'lood In Ihoon lit, 'VWoll,~ quorloed tlhe lallor * is all s fo P' 'Porfontli' suriwoi'oil licnr 1 ltho brnlto sroe norly nil dea1d drUnllC, nind not soao of thoin could ornwl on dock to savn his SThoun tho'noonnr wo gst our litlln job doine tihbutltor,' ald Floodu rlHlisg, 'You Ko os dock lud ssl b itLh Ibid lonsillslltdol 'll1 no itboluts oilllg ls tl H\YIIwg "i ip.' The pslulnr ?ind' llis?gllo usoioil off lIh onblu, sas l Flornl inlolnid -tho e dool r and waist i n wlllwi swoliasloruin in his Irsnd, rlnHsM itdsl kegs of guillnsirldor wae'o rensfad round. Plulhtl(I hil wily Ihrlsglsh thieIsi ho opened i trlap dir In nthis io' s it ihs flis «lI( oiid dihfl?~sd i low l halmbielr undersuanlths C ('I at m, a oiutlinih wIlnt oni deoli anld ftlcr dretwwiig theo nswll hoita uip olso il undor thie otrnes Ihti re'joini 111s?'ls IoIlow; A llntsipl of Hsrolloiu woutlos slcHti, olimpod withll iron at the corners, lay in the apartment beneath the magazine. One of these was quickly hau'ed tip and carried on dook. With as little noise as possible it was then lowered on board tlo skiff, and the two mon took their places beside.it. The painter was then unloo'cd, and Croar taking the soullh pulled rapidly to the shore. Hero the box was put ashore and the boat hauled up a few yards on the sand. The spot seloetoe for the reception of the treasure was at the oliffs on the east side of the bay. Taking the chest between them, the two pirates made for this spot without delay. There was no path, and the ground was rough and in some places overgrown with sorub, but in a short time the summit of the rook was reached. As wo have already described, the cliff at this point rises abruptly from the sea. About 30ft from the tap a ledge of rook runs along the fico, on which a few bushes find a pro carious root.hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they oariled their chest ta the edge of the prooipioo and then, fqstening a rope to it, carefully lowered it till it rested on this ledge. The other and of the rope was then hitohed to a tree which grow near, and both men slid down to wheio the box was. The rope was then unfastened, and the box dragged to a part of the lodge whore the bushes grow thickly. Parting these aside, a small opening was discovered in the face of the rock. Into this the chest was thrust, and although the opening was only a few foot in depth, thero was ampldroom. A few pieces of rook wore piled in front, and when the bushes sprang back into their' natural position, the hlding-placo was coin plotely veiled. Thoro was no way of reach. ing the ledge except by the moansdoserlbed, and nothing was thore to show that human beings had ever boon near the place. Their work completed, the two monpro pared to' re-scond. Flood was first, and ad hold of the rope to draw himself up. Suddenly he turned to Crosar, who stood close bshind him, and (xolaimed:- 'Halloa! what's up with the schooner? Look at her quick I' Crosar turned to look at the Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on the moonlit waters of the bay. As he did so, Flood, quick as lightning, swung himself up the ropo; then, with one foot stayed against the cliff, ho threw out the other, caught Cmoanr fairly between the shoulders and hurled him over th precipice, It was the work of a moment; but whether the result of a proconooived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avarlotous, and mur derous thought, on never be known, Flood paused till he heard the splash of bli victim in the water below, and then hur riodly ascended the cliff. On the top ho lay down and looked ovoe the edge for some time. The bottom of the proolioe was In deep shadow, and, seeing or hearing nothing, he oonoluded his murderous work had boon sueo oossfnl, Hurrying down to the beach he launohed the skiff, anti at once rowed off to the sohoonor, Iastoning the boat l'.ongsdeo, Flood cautiously slipped down the cabin stair, tossed off a bumper of br.indy, nid sat down to think, After a little he got up and repaired to Ctosar's sleeping berth, where he found ia onp belonging to his late comrade and partner. With this in his hand he wont on deolk, Listening at the foro.hatch he found all quiet, and going to the side he pitohed the oap overboard. Ho saw it slowly: drift astern, and then, running forward, he shouted down the hatchway to the sleeping orow s , Man overboard I Wake up there, you drunenll swabs, and lotud a hand here P' Throo or four of the mon had recovered suftlolontly from the effeots of their orgio to respond to his call, and staggered on deck in a lhlf-dlas d condition. ' Look sharp,' iilool orladl < O oear's got drunk and fnllon ovorboard I Haul up the boat and got ill, some of you.' Three saillrs jlumped into the litff and pushed off, Flood standing onl the taffrall to ldroot their movements. 4 There he is,' he oallud to them, pAiting astern; 'there ho is, just lunking for lth third time I 'Pull, you brutes, or you'll loeo him I' The men rowed an best they could In their still muddled state it the direction lndioated, but, of onurs?, saw no sign of their llotutoasnt. Thel calp was pllaked up and idoetiied as 'Clour's, and it was thoroulponeoluded that tihe worthy Ihad geild to thoe ottbm, Thus did Food satisflotorily naooount to the urow for hlA lioutenant's difappollanneo. Next foronoon tlhe Mosquito was gone, tnd the little aby eonou inoro deserted. V.-Fmrno 'IT'sM'An --'Os0aua'n Glto.sT,' Two inonthtl liave sped pilt, tand we agitt find the piilot ri lllnol n~sr ly ,or,rsd in her tfavolto place of retreat. During tltia period she had onen oruilsing aboutt tlei inuid with Indifforontt tHnalls.H Sonio utinll oastingr oraft hltd boon overhauled and ni plenitif l supply of rum tl nd otler liquorei procurto, lelt io large or vlua\ble primla had hIon cotino snrol'lH, Pluinuldo' hlIvilln libnoeinf Hoarne, the plrisl gave vent to tldiv' growls of ditoontontt. Thiy attributed tii failuro of the orillas to Flood a Innic of olutrprliria and tlh wanlt of Ctlrtir't Hgldllng haunt anit coaiinsul, Tho et optlsi's psitilou Wane gattlng most iprctvouttu and utntortairl, nH tnautiaged to 'cop the nlonl q(ulot by lbtrnal allowlnosnt it rum, lnit there was 1no hllnwilng whoe they mlilht Ibroite oult In Onio nmulttly, Disilplitio twa? a thing of the past, ordtr4 opeotly d lrs. garded, and oven at soa a haphazard stato of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates aronot different from others ; so long as they obeyed orders and had an efiloient comununder in whom they thoroughly believed, things rubbed along pretty Emcothly. This check once removed, however, and liobnso became ranpant, making it only a quostion of timo for the inevitable collapse and reckoning. Flood determined this should be his l?t visit to the bay in the Motquito. His energies wore now oentred on scouring his ill-gotten wealth, and then leaving hid ship and its orow to their fate. 'Hi own sharo of the plunder was safely ashoro, but Ciosar's-tha most valuable portion of which he had un coremoniously Iippropriated-was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it nlo Sooiroely ensconced in the recess of the oliff. That onoo aooompli.hcd, it was his intention to again put to sea, and either run the Mosquito ashore near a settlement or seize some other favourable chance cf quitting his ) e'arious occupation. The third night after the Mosquito's re turn Flood proceeded to got the treasure aho:o. Onos more after darkness had set in he rowed ashore in the little skiff. This time h ha I to content himsolf with talc. ing the most valuable oAns and jewels, the box being too weighty for OLe person to carry any distance alone. A small bag was all he could take with safety, and with this he quickly sealed the height and lowered himself on to the shelf of rook. Heore he found the ohest audits contents untouched, and hastily adding his precious burthen to the hoep he again retired. A few stops brought him to the spot at wihioh he had left the rop3 dangling from the summit. Ho at ouoo propared to asoond, lut t) his conitornatlon the rope had dis appeared. Casting a hurried g!anoo up the oliff he saw a mAu leaning over the edge, pulling itup haud over hand. A loud impre cation esoaped Flood's lips, a laugh of triumph and derlsion came in reply, the few remaining foot of rope wore drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at oooe concluded he had been followed from the ship by ono of his crow. He was in a terrible fix. From his men ho know he would reeolve no moroy. Both his treasure and his life would be sioriflood to their feelings of greed and revenge. Again, the hoirlblo thought struck him that it might be the ienention of his follower to say nothing to the rest of the crow, but bimply loave him to dio a lingering death on the lodgo, Either alternativo was dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himself down on the widest part of the shelf of rook, he oursed his folly for not taking better prooautions to prevent his movements being known, Hero we leave him, meantime, and return on board the Moiquito, whore another sirange soono was being onnoted, When Flood loft the schooner eho believed the men woro all asloop, or in saoh nl Intoxl oated condition as to be incapablo of leaving the foroaeabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, instead of bolug all drunk as usual, Eomn twenty of the pirates found thomselves still comparatively sober, and the liquor all gone. This was a state of affairs they wore not nonustomed to, and onlls at onoo arose for moro' drink, The captain, they bolievod, would have retired to rest by that time, but novcrtholess they roe solved to rouse him up. Toro liquor was wanted, and more they would hivo. After samo talk, throo of the oraw wore solooted to proooed to the o tbin and proouro 'more rum and brandy. The throe chooson wEro Davis the boatswain, a burly Welsh man; Harley, the carpentor, ia lanky Sootohmanu; and Schneider, a Dutch son man, Orawlfug ip the hatoliway the three worthies staggered aft to the oabin stalrF. Hero they wore surprisod to see a light still burning, but boldly dosounding the compnniou they pushed open the door and entered the oabin, A lighted lantern swing from the oilitug, but Fluod was nowhere to be ooens They soni·uhcd overywhoro, but, of oourse, the onptain could not be found, In their muddled state, it tool them some timo to realise the truth: .but when they did so they at onoe raised the alurm. All the other pirates who rotatird their onaoes and the use of their logs iimmediatelly iloueod to the after. oabin. At first it was conjootured Flood.must have fallen ovorboard, and mot the same fate as COmar. .. oon, however, the boat was miaosd, and a cry aroo that they had boon aban. doned, Evoryono now ruished into Flood's cabin. Olhosts and lookera wore brokeon opon and ranasoltod. A ploentifl spply of slrong drink was obtindo, and the pirateo to the number of some twenty or thirty, ma'doe feto with all they fantiod, omen gathiorod round the table bIutiath the lantern, coino sprawled on the lkokere, otIhoe onl the tidr, Solselior;, ih I)te iutohmiln boing the solberorls lalnlu i l thoe onmilpay, noted at 'noator of thl. orunemoins,' Heo att it the end of tihe tablo feofing tlho ailin do~r, fJJft ro himi was It watorl.hsokot, Into whioh a ideltoI or two bottlen of rum antd brandy had becn inhdhi orlmhlniluly Inpiptelul, This mixtro lie moesmiirtd out fIrely In gaIHHOs, bowls, mld pannlkina to ill who appiold for it, Nlodlone to say, li weIaH kIept wull omploytd, sand i nrn thaIu onoo miore .bttloe were added to the Gontents, One by one the piraten dropped on the fnloer dead drunk, Soum, half driuik foughtb ia otursed, KniCve worn drawn and piitoli Ilod mnldHtt bls4ihunous aoualiis alnd ynlls of flondlih laul htor. t:on osly ibot hallf a duion of t ls wetuohoe rotalodl Hllsilont sanHo to bo itia to sit round tli table Bohnoldor ron.vet alnd yellod lko a very demon, and was ably eooondod in his efforts by Harley, Davis, and one or two others. Some in a mhaudlin condition, shouted snatohes of bucaneering ditties of the gros sest description. ' Fill up again, boys,' oried Schneider, struggling to his foot, ' fill up to do brin. I vill give you a toast, and I vill shoot do man who does not drink.it.' Bo saying, he pulled out a pistol and laid it on the table in front of him. The pirates round the table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast asleep. ' Come, wake up, Pedro!' roared the Dutchman. * Wake up 1 No skulking here, I tell you !' and he seized the negro by his shook of woolly hair and raised his head. The black's eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, but on IShneider relaxing his grip his head at oneoo eanu down again. ' Vat I' screamed the Dutchman, ' you vill not take your liquor, you black tovil By gar, but I will make you take it If you vill not take it insido, don you shall have it out ' With these words the drunken villain plunged his pannikin into the bucket of liquor, fillol it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. The liquor saturated his curloy hair, and ran in stroams down his neck and face. The Dutchman's joke was received with shrieks of laughter and wild applause. Patroa, however, was too far gone, and lay pnrfectly still in his drunken stupor. 'Now,' said Sohneidor, refilling his mug, ' v vill have our toast, boJa. Here's to the Mosquito and her now captain, whoever he may be, and speedy death to Flood, the traitor! Up, boys, up! and altogether I-p, hill, hr--,' the chcer died away on his lipa, his face blanched, and with staring eyes riveted on the doorway, he stammered out in a hoarse whisper ' See ! Sea ! my Gott, Cmsar's ghoit !' The pirates instinctively turned, and thera, Euro enough, haggard and wan, but gazing sternly upon the horrible scene, was the figure of their late liestenant. Davis, the Welh boatswain, sat next to Eohneider, and was the first to regain his composure. ' Ghost or demon .' he oried, ' I'll try him with a bullt !' and seizing hold of the Dutch man's pistol, which still lay on the table, he levcolt it at tho figure in the doorway. As he did so the figure held up his hand as if about to speak, and at the same time Schneidor throw up the boatswain's arm. Crack went the pistol, but the aim was spoiled. Thoe bullot orashed through the lantern which hung abovo the table. The cord was cut and down it crashed. When it struck the table it burst open, and out flow the blazing wick. In an instant a lurid light illuminated the cabin : a yell, as if from the throats of a hundred demons, rang through the room, and Pedro, the negro, sprang to his feat, his brandy-saturated head in one tnr rifle blaze! Now took place a scene which bafflas desciiption. Irom end to end ofltho cabin, the black careored, ovoeturaing tabloe, ceats, and the drunkon pirates in his desperation. At last he stumbled over a fallen bench, plunged head-foremost against the magazine door, and the next Iroment rolled with his blazing head light in amongst the flasks and kegs of powder ! Cloear (for it was the lieutenant still in the floeh) sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to the sido. Without a moment's hositation he dashed overboard, and as lie did so a tor rific report rang in his ears; the deck of the schooner burst asunder ; an immense volume of flame shot up to the sky, and the sea around was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of burning timber, shattcr!d masts and broken planks, minglod with which wero the charred and batterad fragments of the Mosquito's lawless crow. Cuesar caught hold of a plank and grzed around hin, the only living soul on the face of the sea. At length he reached the shore and orawled up on the beach as the first streaks of dawn glided the eastern shy. 