NEWS IN BRIEF. Don't forget that DR. F. Ware, Dentist, visits Richmond and Windsor every month. At the Wesleyan Conference this week the Rev J A Waddell, brother of the Member of Parlia ment, was appointed to succeed the Rev R John ston at Sackville Reach, and will occupy that position next month. Mr Johnston goes to Mitton. After the election of officers next Tuesday even ing at the Debating Society's annual meeting at the School of Arts, the Rev B Dinning will intro duce a debate in favour of " Women's Suffrage." The public are cordially invited to attend ail the meetings of the Society, and will be welcomed on that evening. On Wednesday last a tea-traveller named Dooney, tn company with Mr W Hunt, Windsor, had a narrow escape of drowning a horse, and possibly themselves. Whilst crossing McKen zie's Hollow, going out to Pitt Town with a horse and sulky, the drivers managed to get off the road into deep water, the sulky going right under the water. They had some difficulty in getting the annimal into the middle of the road again. Messrs Nicholson and Russell have been appointed agents for the Gazette at Blachtown._ Rev. P. and Mrs. Fitzgerald have re turned from New Zealand after a very plesant holiday. The opening of the new session of Windsor Band of Hope will take place on Wednesday next. Mr. Cochrane, representative of Friend and Co, is the best-known and most popu lar " Commercial" who visits this district, for he always brings along some novelty with him when he comes this way. Referring to a paragraph which ap peared last week, it is but fair to say that Mr. T. Thompson has only missed once during the recent floods and heavy weather to deliver the mails beteen Wind sor and Wiseman's Ferry. On two days last week he had to swim his horses several times, but managed to get right through. A second edition of Fisher's Ghost was seen on the Blacktown-road the other night by George Woodgate, who was driving home to Windsor. When below the Grammer-School his horse shied, and as it did, a man dressed in dark clothing made a grab at George, who had just been amusing himself humming a tune, and who was rather startled by the un expected apparition. He hurried the horse up, and then got hold of a lantern which he had in the trap, intending to strike the suspected ghost with it. This latter, divining his intention, made oft in- to the bush and was seen no more. Ghosts are very numerous in this neighbourhood now. 