TALES AND SKETCHES. [AM. BIGHTS RESERVED.] "THE DAY WILL COME." ! BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley'«Secret," "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "Thc Fatal Three," &c.; ClIAITKE XV. " Bo useful where thou lirait, that they moy Both want anil wi»h thv pleasing présence »till. .All »aridly Joya go lesa To thc one Joy of doitijr kindnesses." " What impression did the mun make upon you in that brief meeting; V asked Theodore. " Did lm strike you as a I-OK¿?" " No, that waa tho odd part of thc business. He had the steady, respectable air of a brcttcl-winner, a professional, or perhaps a commercial man. I could not tell which. There was nothing flashy or dissipated in his appearance. He looked me steadily in the face when he bowed to me at parting, sud he had u frank, straightforward expression, and a grave decision of manner than was not with- out dignity. He was Boberly dressed iu a style that attracted no attention. 1 had no doubt that lie wasu gentleman " " He was haudsoine, you say?" " Yes, he waa decidedly handsome--but I can remember only the general character of Iiis face, not features or details, for I saw him only twice in my life." " Ah, you saw him again then ?" " Once again-some years later, after her death." "She is dead, then?" cried Theodore; " that is the fact I have been trying to learn from any reliable source of information. There was a rumour of ber death years ago, hut no one could givo nie a'iy evidence of the fact. I went to Boulogne last week to try and trace her to her last resting-place, but I could discovor neither tombstone nor record of any kind." "And yet it was at Boulogne she died ? I will tell you all I know about her if you like. It doesn't amount to much." " Pray, tell me everything you can. I am deeply grateful to you for having treated mc with so much frankness." " It was on her account I received you. I am glad to talk to anyone who is interested in her pitiful fate. There wore BO few to caro for her. I think there is no lot more sad than that of a broken-down gentleman's daughter, born to an inheritance she is never to enjoy, brought up to think of herself as a personage, with a right to thc world's respect, and find- ing herself friendless and penniless in the bloom of her womanhood, exposed to thc world's contumely." Theodore's face flushed a little at this mention of his interest in the Squire's daughter, for he could but feel that thc interest waB of a sinister kind ; but be held his peace, and Miss Newton went on with her story. ' "It was ever BO tnauy years after that meeting in Richmond Purk-I think it must have been nearly ton years when Iran against that very man upon a windy March day in Folkestone. I had thought much and Often of my poor girl in all those years, wondering how thc world had used her, and whether that man whom she trusted so implicitly bod been true to her. I shuddered at the thought of what her fate might have been if he were false. I bad never heard a word about her in all that time. I had seen no report of a divorce suit in the papers. I knew absolutely nothing of her history from thc hour I parted with her by Thomson's Seat, UH I ran against that man iu Folkestone. I am rather shy about speaking to strangers in a general way ; but I was so anxious to know her fate that I stopped this man, wbose very name was unknown to mc, and asked him to tell mo about my poor friend. Ho looked bewildered, as well he might, at being pounced upon in that manner. I explained that I was Evelyn Straugway's old governess, and that 1 was uneasy at having lost sight of her for so many years, and wan very anxious to see ber face ugain. He looked troubled at roy question, and he answered me gravely-' I am sorry to say you «111 never do that. Your friend is dead.' I asked when she had died, and where? He told me within the last month, and at Boulogne. I asked if he was with her at thc last, and he said no ; and then he lifted his hat and muttered something about haviog very little time to get to thc elation. He was going to London by the next train it seemed, and he was evidently anxious to shake me off -but I was determined he should answer at. least one more question. ' Was her husband with her when she died ?' I asked. His face darkened at thc question, which I suppose was a foolish one. ' Do you think it likely?' be said, trying to move past me ; but I had laid my hand upon his sleeve in my eagerness. ' Pray tell me that bei end was not unhappy -and that' she was penitent for ber sins.' He looked very angry at this. ' If I stand here talking to you another miuute I thall lose my train, madam,' he said, ' and I have important business in Loudon this afternoon.' A fly came strolling by at this moment. He hailed ic and jumped in, and he drove off into what Thomas Carlyle would call thc Immen- sities. I never saw him again ; I never knew his name, or calling, or place of abode, or anything about him. I can no more localise him than I can Goethe's Mephistopheles. God knows how he treated my poor girl whether he wad kind or cruel ; whether he was faithf ni to a dishonourable tie, or whether beheld it as lightly as such ties havn been held by thc majority of men from the age of Abraham downwards." The little woman's face flushed ami her eyes filled as sho gave veut to her feelings. " And this is all you know of Evelyn Strangway?" said Theodore, when she had finished. " This is all I know of her. And now toll me why you arc so anxious to learn ber. history-you wbo eau never have seen her face, except in thc picture at Cheriton. I dressed her for that picture, and sat by while it was painted." " I will tell you the motive of my curiosity," answered Theodore. " You have treated me so frankly that I feel I must not withhold my confidence from you. I know that I can rely upon your discretion. " " I can talk, as you have just heard," said Miss Newton ; " but I can be as silent os the grave, when I like." " You must liave read something about the murder at Cheriton last July." "I read a great deal aboutit. I took a morbid interest in the case, knowisg the house so well, in every cranny and corner. I oould picture the scene as vividly us if I had seen the murdered man lying there. A most inex- plicable murder, apparently motiveless." " Apparently motiveless. That fact has so preyed upon thc poor widow'smind that she has imagined a motive. She has a strange fancy that one of the Strangways must have been the author of the crime. She bas brooded over their images till her whole mind hos become possessed with the idea of one of that banished race, garnering his wrath for long years, until at last die hour came for a bloody revenge, and then striking his death-blow out of the dark- striking his fatal blow and vanishing from the sight of men, as if a phan- tom arm bad been stretched ont of the night to deal that deatk-blou'. She has asked ale to help her in discovering thc murderer, and I am pledged to do my utmost towards that end. I am thc moro anxious to do so as I tremble for the consequence if she should bc allowed to brood long upon thia morbid fancy aliont the Strangways. I think, however, that with your help I have now laid that ghost. I have traced the two brothers to their graves ; and I suppose wo may accept the statement of the mau you met at Folk- estone as sufficient evidence of Mrs. Darcy's death ; especially asit seems to fit in with the account of the then Vicar of Cheriton, who met her in Boulogne in the summer af '(¡4, looking very ill and much sged." " It was in the spring of '65 I met that man at folkestone. I could lind the date in my diary if you wished to bc very precise about it, for it is one of my old-maidish ways to be very regular in keeping my diary. Poor Evelyn! To think that anyone should wild enough to snspect her of being capa of murder-or Fred or Reginald. They h the Strangway temper, all throe of thei and a fiery temper it wa« when ft was rous« a temper that led to family quarrels and sorts of unhappiness ; but murder is a d fcrent kind of thing." "That is the question," said Thcod« gravely. " Is there such a wide gulf betwe thc temper that makes family quarrels, w father against son, and brother agait brother, and the temper that pulls a trigg or uses a bowie-knifo? I thought they we one and the same thing in actual quality, aj that the result was dependent upon circuí stances." "Ob, don't talk like that please. Murd is soinctliiug exceptional-a hideous soleéis is nature-and in thia case why m arde What had Sir Godfrey Carmichael douc th any member of the Strangway family shou want to kill him ?" ?' I tell you that thc ¡doa is a wild one, tl morbid growth of my cousiu's sorrow. " " Of course it is. I am very sorry for he poor soul. I don't suppose any woman cou stifler more than she must have done, at live. It is a dreadful story. And she wi very fond of her husband, I daresay." "She adored him. They had been love almost from her childhood. There nevi were u more devoted bride and bridegroom Their honeymoon was not beginning to wan They wer» still lovers, still in a state of swei surprise at finding themselves husband an wife. Poor girl, I saw her thc day before tl murder, a brilliant creature, thc very spir of joy. I saw ber the morning after, a spectr with awful eyes and marble face-more drem ful to look upon than her murdered husbau on Ilia bed of death." "It is all too sad," sighed Miss Nowtoi "I begin to think that Cheriton is afatal housi and that no one can possibly bc happy then However, you can tell this poor lady that tl: Strangways are exonerated from any part i her misBry." . "I shall write to her to-night to that cfl'cc And now, Miss Newton, let mo thank yo once more for your friendly frankness, an wish you good night." " Don't be in such a hurry. Mr. Dalhrool I like your face, and I should like to sec yo again some day, if yon can find time to wasl an hour upon an old maid is such a Got forsaken placn as Wedgewood-street." .' I shall think an hour BO spent most di lightfullycmployed,"ttnswcrodTheodore, wh was quite subjugated* by thc charin of tili little person and ber surroundings. He di not remouiller having ever sat in a room li liked better than this first-floor front i Wcdgewood-etreet, with its terra-cotta walk and prettily-bound books, und curions odd menta of old china, and comfortable curtain of workhouse-shectiug with a bold verniillio border worked by Sarah Newton's indefatij able fingers. " I should very much like to bear all abou your life iu this-strange neighbourhood," h said. " There is not much to tell. When in; little fortune-left by my uncle, thc dryealte -fell to mc I was a lonely old woman without surviving relatives for whom I caro twopence. I was pretty tired of tcachini French and (kennan-God kuows how man] hundred times I must have gone through Ollcn dori in both languages-and I've done himi good many times in Italian, par dette* I marché. Perhaps I might have held on for i year or two longer, as I was very fond of thoa nice girls and boys at Kettiaford Vicarage, i it hadn't been for Ollcndorf. ¡Te decided me Leila, thc youngest girl, had only just begui that accursed book. She waa blundering ove; the Inker's golden oandlestick the very morn ing I gut tile lawyer's letter to tell me of tn] uncle's death, aud the will, and the legacy I snatched the book out of her hand, anil shu it with a bang. 'Ain't I to do any mon Ottendorf, Sally ?" Bile asked. ' You may di as much as you like, my love,' I said, 'bul you'll do no more with me. I'm a millionaire or at least I feel as rich and independent ai if I were a Rothschild. ' Well, I lay awsfto al that night making plans for my life, ant trying to thiuk out how I could get the mos: happiness and comfort outof my little fortune enjoy my declining years, have everything J wanted, and yet be of some uso to my fellow creatures ; and the end of it was that 1 modi up my mind to take a roomy lodging in < poor neighbourhood, where I should not bi tempted to spend a penny upon appearances furnish it after my own heart, and maki myself happy in jUBt my own way, withoui caring a straw what anybody thought abool mc. I knew that I was plain as well of elderly, that I could never be admired, or cut a figure in a genteel world, so I déterminée to renounce the gentilities altogether and tc be looked up to iu a little world of my own.' "And you have foundynurplan answer-' " It has answered beyond my hopea, Evei since I was thirty years of age and had dont with all my young ideaB and day- dreams, 1 had one particular ideal of earthly happiness, and that was the position of a country squirc'i wife-an energetic, active, wtll-meaninj woman, the central figure in n rural village, having her model cottages and her allot men i gardens, her infirmary, her mission house the good genius of her little community, s queen in miniature, and without political cn tanglemcnts or menace of foreign war. Now it could never bc my lot to reign on a lauded estate, to build cottages, ot cut up fertile meadows for cottagers' gardens; but Itbought by taking up my abode in a poor neighbour hood, and visiting quietly and iu a friendly, familiar way-no trocís or preachings-amone thc most respectable of the inhabitants, ano slowly feeling my way among thc -difficult subjects, I might gradually acquire an in fluence just as strong as that of thc Lady Bountiful m a country parish, and might come to bc as useful in my small way os thc squire's wife with her larger means. And ] have douait," added Miss Newton triumph aotly. " There are room» in this street and in other streets that are to me my mode! cottages. There are overworked, underfed women who look up to me os their Providence ; there arenbildren who come «nd bang to my skirts as I pass along the streets ; titers are great hulking mon who ask my advice and get inc to write their letters for thom. What could a squire's wife have more than that ! And yet I have,only a hundred and fifty pounds a year to spend upon my people." "Fou give them something more than money. You give them sympathy-thc mag- netism of your strong and generous nature." " Ah, there is something in that. Magne- tism is a good word. There must be some reason why people attach themselves so ardently to Mr Gladstone, don't yon know, some charm in him that holds them almost iu i spite of themselves, and makes them think os he thinks, and veer as he veers. Yes, they swing round with him like thc boats going round with the tide, and they can't help it any more than the boats can. And I think, i to compare small things with great, there must bc some touch of that magnetic power I in mc," concluded Miss Newton. "I am sure of it," said Theodore, "and I um sure too that you must bc like a snot of light, in this duk little world of yours." " I live amone my friends. That is thc I point," explained Miss Newton. "I don't come from Belgravia, or a bright, pretty terrace in Kensington, and tell them they ought to keep their wretched rooms cleaner, aim open tktra windows, and pul (lower-pots on their window-Bills. I live here and they eau come and see how I keep my rooms, anet judge for thomselvos. Their landlord is my landlord ; «nd a nice life 1 lead him about water, and whitewash, and drains. He is thoroughly afraid of me, 1 am happy to say, and generally bolts round a corner when he sccs me in the street ; but I am too quick for h<s overfed legs. I tackle him about all his shortcomings, and he finds it casior to «pend a few pounds upon his property now and then than to have mr upon bis heels at every turn ; so now Crook's tenements have quito a repu- tation in Lambeth. If you were to sec the old dragon you would wonder at my pluck in attacking him, I can assure yon." " Your whole life is wonderful to mc, Miss Newton ; and I only wish there were hun drcds of women in thia big city living just aa yoi-liv e. Tell me, please, what kind of people your neighbours are." '"?Oh, there arc people of all kinds, some of sonne who ara quite Impracticable, for whom I can do nothing ; but there are many more who are glad of my friendship, and who receive mc with open arms. The single women and widowB are my chief frionds, and sonic of those I know as well as if we had been braucht up and educated upon tho same social level. They ure workwomen of all kindB, tailoressea, shirt-makers, girls who work for military outfitters, extra hands for Court dressmakers, shop-girls at the humbler class of shops, shoe-binders, artificial flower makers. I wonder whether yon would like to soc some of them." . "Ishould like it very much indeed." " Then perhaps you will come to one of my toa-parties. I give two tea parties a week all through thc winter, to just as many of my women-friends as this room will hold. It holds about twenty very comfortably, so I make twenty-five thc outside limit. Wo rather enjoy a little bit nf a crush-and I giv» my invitations so that they all have such little tura about. We do not begin our evening too carly, for thc working hours are precious to my poor things. We take tea at eight o'clock, and we seldom separate before balf-paBt eleven-just as if we were at the theatre. We have a little music, and a little reading and recitation, sometimes a round game at cards. When we are in a wild humour we ploy dumb-crambo, orevenpuss-in-thc oorner; and wc have always a great deal of tulk. Wc sit round this fire place in a double half-circle, thc younger ones sitting on thc rug in front of us ciders, and we talk, and talk, and talk about ourselves mostly, and you can't think what good it does us. Surely Cod gave man speech os thc universal safety valve. It lets off half our troubles, and half our sense of thc world's injustice." "Please let me come to your vory next party," said Theodore, smiling at the little woman's ardour. " Tliat will be to-morrow oveninc," replied Miss Newton. "I shall have to make an excuse for your appearance, as we very seldom invite a man. Yon will have to read or recite something, usa reason for your being asked, don't you know." " I will not recoil even from that test. I have distinguished myself occasionally at a Penny Reading. Am I to be tragic-or j comic !" " Bc both if you can. Wc like to laugh ; but wc revel in something that makes us cry desperately. If you could give us something creepy into the bargain, freeze our blood with a ghost or two, ir would be all the more injoy ablc.1' ," I will satiate you with my talents : I shall feel like Pcntlieus when he intruded upon his mother and her crew, and shall be numbly grateful tor not being torn to pieces. I dare- say I shall bo torn to pieces morally, in the way of criticism. Cooa night, and a thousand thanks." " Wait," said Miss Newton. " I'm afraid it is much foggier than when you came. I have smelt the fug coming on while we have been talking. Wouldn't you like a cab?" " I should very much, but I doubt if I shall i succeed ia finding one." " You wouldn't, but I ^daresay I can get you one," replied Miss Newton, decisively. ?She had an unobtrusive little chatelaine at her side, and from the bunoh of implements, scissors, penknife, thimble, she selected a small whistle. Then she pulled back one of the cream-white curtains, opened thc window, and whistled loud and shrill into the fog. Two minutes afterwards there came a small < treble voice out. of the darkness. I " What is it, Miss Newton?" "Who's that?" I "Tommy Meadows." ! "All right, Tommy. Do you think you could find a hansom without getting yourself run over ?" " Rather ! Do you want it brimmed to your door, Miss?" " If you please, Tommy." " I'm off," cried thc shrill voice, and in lass than ten minutes a two-wheeler rattled along the street, and drew up sharply at Tommy's treble command, with Tommy himself scated inBide, enjoying thc drive and the uncer- tainty of the drivel-. HÍB spirits were still further exalted by the gift of sixpence from Theodore SB he stepped into the cab, to bo taken cautiously back to the Temple. them, fairly, turn and (To be continued.) 