TEE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. All day long the door bell had been ringing, and the wedding gnests kept coming until at last all had arrived. There were cousins from everywhere, it teemed to the children, and such a wedding as it was going to bs ! Bess was to be the bride, and Bess was the qaeen of the family just now. She was always lovely ; to-night Bhe was beautiful ; the bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and the same she wore at her own wedding, failed to hide the fair yonng face from a host of admiring eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be heart-broken by this marriage, was startled out of his melancholy at the sight. Bess in white satin and orange blossoms W&B; very different from Bess in white muslin' and blae ribbons. Why, she was indeed a very queen, and he half expected to see the ladies in waiting and the royal guardsman surround her- After the ceremony, congratulations and sapper, a game of hide-and-^eek was proposed. Away flew Bess, with a crowd of merry seekers after her, through the corridor and up the stairs, until 6he reached the great wardrobe that stood in front of the old gaest chamber, which had not been opened for many years. She ran in behind it and tried the door of the chamber, found it unlocked, and entered, still holding the knob in her hand. With flashed face and bated breath she listened to the merry voices outside; then, imagining she was discovered as the faces came nearer, she let go of the knob and poshed the doqr to, only to find, to her horror, that she conld not open it again. Gradually the sound of voices died away, as the sebkers all ran off, crying, "S lie's in the oak closet! Let's go there and look!" And down stairs they went, making sach a noise with their shouting and laughing that they could not hear her repeated calls. "Oh! the horror of it!" she oried, wringing her hands. " Self-imprisoned ! will they never come back ? How shall I ever get out What in this room, wh;ch she had never entered in her lif 3 before ? She began to tremble, with fear, it was so dark and mysterious. Why, oh why did she Qome there at all ? Not a ray of light penetrated the awtul darkness around her; the eiljnee became so intense that her very heart throbs seemed to fill the dreadful space. Were there such things as spirits ? She wondered ; if so, there might be one in this room. What was that? Something touched her band, she wes sure, something that was coid and clammy, like ioy fingers. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts! She crouched low down on the floor in a perfect fren?y of terror, then gave a piercing shriek and fell senseless. The guest ohamber in grandfather's house was always Iookod upon as something to be dreaded. There were stories told of a ghost who was seen to walk back and forth in front of the door, with a rusty key in hiB hand. Late At night members of the family had seen it, or thoaght they had, and each one of the servants had been chased by it; not one of them conld be induced to go into the north wing after nightfall. Of course Bess knew all this ; she had heard the story of the ghoBt many times in her childhood, and had often gone to bed with her face hidden in Nora's apron, lest she should meet the awful spectre. And now that she fonqd herself alone in this very room, all the terror of her childhood returned with redoubled force. Her shriek when she fainted had done its work ; it hadjbeen; heard down stairs. While the hunt continued laughing a^d shouting went on ; when she cogld not be found everybody became sober ; each face took on an anxious expression, and they began to ask each other in whispers— "Where oan she be? What has hap \ pened to ber ?" j They were still looking when the terrifiad cry reached their ears. Walter ran off, shouting, * c Sha must be in the gneBt chamber," leaving the groom, Albert, who boonded after him, a few steps behind. They had scarcely reached the door before everybody else was at their heels. Bursting it open, they found the poor little bride stretched on the floor, unconscious, with Tabby, the cat and household pet, who had followed her unnoticed, licking her face and hands. So the ghost was only a cat, after all, and it was her cool, soft little paw, that Bess mistook for the cold, clammy hand. 