TALE ON 'CHANGE. . ; JJBie Rumanian Government thinks it has ^^pe^^mart thing in charging datyon ail entering the colony which him'iiotilp^^bi-iise six months, bat I warn •• bae cut off - every hope oftHrJohnMadden or Sir Graham .Berry .yisirjpg ,;,the.:. Inhibition. Sir Graham, ■Jihwjjjjr has Wen" ever' our glass of is 'pre ," ^;^E;?Iprm. There of ; .-<ri)ih^ibf^^^^^p^^fe0nsiomi.'X'am very Tomer will pass the six months standard j without diScs'tr. As for Mr. Shiels, it allj depends. If he wears a brown suit, with j trousers rather short and tight and the tail < of the coat turned up tike the wrong end of j a bantam, I myself wiil be prepared to go' surety for him. That is the suit in which he > has uttered all his greatest an-i least delicate » metaphors. But he is erratic, and when he j rises to defend the settled policy of the j country every article he wears is new and j dutiable. Sir James Patterson will probably be detained at the Customs or admitted in bond subject to a drawback. Tis & land o! rich beauty, it# climate Is tare, j And iv= girii arc exceedingly k Usable, Cut the ycung man Jrooi Ccilim-street may not go | there. For hU new clothe* wcoVJ not be admissible. Ah, ho«r can the masher parade at hie ease When the last tie cannot be exhibited I What U life "tf his trousers are batrued at the knees ? And ail others are strictly prohibited. Woman is becoming more and more a j competitor and a rival of man. She wears ] our collars, our shirt-fronts, and our divided j skirts ; she attends our patients, and she rides our bicycles. Bat there was one purely masculine accomplishment in which I did not think she would enter as a competitor. I did hope that she would let poor out-of-date man know something about a bullock. Yet what is the fact ? At Kyneton—a place renowned for its agricultural produce and its railway refreshment-room—prizes are offered at the agricultural show for guessing the total dead weight of two live bullocks. Last year the bullocks when dressed weighed 1.6435b., and a lady guessed the weight at 1,6451b., and divided the prize with a man who guessed the same weight. This year the bullocks weighed 1,63011*., and she guessed them at LC40!b. Only 2!b. out the firstyear and 10lb. out the second. Bat she was the wife of a slaughterman, you say. Very true, but doss not that show that there are undeveloped possibilities in woman, even fortheslaughter ing business, that oniy need a free scope to drive our effete manhood from its last abattoir. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact that woman is advancing. It is high i time that man asserted himself and asked once more with a new emphasis that old question, " Where are you going to, my pretty maid f A vaiued Riverina contributor, who some little time ago sent me a " Song of the Ringer," which hit off toe vagaries and vanities of that wonderful individual to the life, thus forecasts in verse the finish of the shearers' strike:— THE LAST SHKABEB. The war had waged for a hundred yean, A hundred years and a week, There were only two men in Australia then, And they didn't care to speak. And one was a squatter who owned the land From the Gulf to Wodonga yards, The other a shearer who fought " lone hand 1 With a horse and a pack of cards. And year Dy year, as the seasons went And the shearing time came Found, The shearer would pause at the old eighth clause, And strike for the same old pound. And the squatter would stand to bis Uttered flag, To cany the old fight through, And the shearer hoisted the Union Bag, And battled till all waa blue. The fight would waver between the flags For maybe a month and a day. And the squatter would swear by the wookhed { bare He wouldn't shear Union way. And the word of the squatter from year to year Bcre wright that was bound to tell. For be was the owner and overseer, And boss of the board as weiL And though the shearer bad never a mate, He bad still one weapon of worth Wherewith to stab— there teat never a" scab " From WovUoomooloo to Perth I And year by year as the grass seeds fell, An 1 the sheep went out unshorn, The hungry (hearer would ride away With a hungry horse at the break of day, Down the old west tracks, forlorn, And away by the far ou testations, He couldn't in duty pass, Before be had left, as a parting gift, A match in the squatter's grass. Mr. William Ievere, M.L.A. for Carlton and chairman of the Banking Commission, is a middle-aged and highly respectable bachelor, and therefore 1 think it was thoughtless of the Chief Justice, if not an- j kind, to say what he did. But you shall hear; the circumstances and judge for yourselves. Mr. levers was summoned as a witness in a j case before the Chief Justice last week, and was in attendance for some time waiting to be called. When at last his torn came he was absent, and messengers were sent round the law courts in search"of him.! They re turned, and reported that he was not to be found. " Have you been into the Divorce | Court V asked the Chief Justice. "Ho, your Honour." '' Well, probably you will find bim; there." Now at that time the case of Fills v. Fills was being heard, and, I ask, was it nice of Sir John Madden to send to snch a place for the chairman of the Banking Com- i mission! I, st least, have some respect for | dignities, bo I will say no more than that shortly afterwards Mr. levers appeared and the case proceeded. If a man is mean enough to work a swindle.he ought to have sense enough to bold hiB tongue about it. On a suburban train the other day a man with a Yankee accent was boosting of his smartness. " Any- j one can get the best of your railway com- ■ pany. It's so simple there's no oredit to It I have'em every time I travel. You can do I 'em with an old ticket; or stippoae l want to go to Baliarat, I take a ticket to Werribeej A | smart American manager would revolutionise your .system straight away." He directed his conversation to a quiet-looking man in a corner, who, as soon as be got an opening,, quietly observed, "If what you say is true,.! you are a paltry thief. If it is not true, yon. are an infernal liar. In either case I don't wish fo have anything further to say to you/' The smart man was silenced. I Talking about liars enables me to introduce a story sent by a New Zealand correspondent, who admits that it has a flavour of chestnuts, bot pledges his word that it occurred. As I pride myself upon the absolute veracity of everything that appears in this column, 1 know he would not deceive me:—" A man I was np before Nugent Wood, S.M., for] assault. The plaintiff was asked if be bad j called bis assailant a liar. Plaintiff—1 Yes, your Wotship, I did, and he treated me very cowardly, your Worship. He hit me when I had my hands in my pockets.' Hie Bench— ' Next time you call a man a liar, take your hands out of your pockets. Case dis missed."* A lady who rays that, while resident in South Australia for many years, she always enjoyed " Talk on Change," has been recently in Aberdeenshire, and she kindly sends the following, which she had from a " rueenister of her acquaintance." John Petrie, the gravedigger, a man over seventy, bad gathered £500, and marrying a woman of fifty, on his marriage day put down his age ten yean younger, "just to be nearer Annie, like." His favourite place to smoke his pipe was on the " dyke r which surrounded the churchyard, surveying ! the tombstones. Once die minister inquired what his meditations were about.no doubt ex pecting to hear that he waBthinkingof his latter end. Petrie said with pathos, " Ah, meenister, £5,000 is sunk in they star.es." The minister and Petrie had the choosing of the buiying ground of the much-loved young nurse of the village hospital, who had died of in fluenza. The minister, a man many years younger than Petrie, found him pacing and pegging out a large piece of ground, and making deep calculations. He asked why he was pegging out so much. John raised his head with an nnmovable expression. I "Weel, meenister, I was just thinkin' of| pittin' Nurse Smith there, an' ye're ain guid wife, pair body, can lie there; an' j we'll just pit you, comfortable like, at ween them. Then the extra twa fib Weel, if ye gae on as ye are daen' we'll gie ye a heed stane." The spook controversy in Sydney seems to have resolved itself into this position. The cleverness of Mrs. Mellon and Mr. Hosking as conjurers is admitted,and the ghosts would be laid were it not for the fact that Dr. M'Carthy believes in them, snd a great many I people decline to disbelieve what Dr., M'Cartby believes. A namesake and fellow- ] countryman of Dr. M'Cartby states his atti tude on the spook question thus Hot* viz bend uv the con tuition in the Sydney daily j prew, Where they id, "Do ghosts be walkin'V nottdo* j more an' nothin' leas, Thot I hov' me doubts upon ud shoore Tm wHlin' to j confess, Though I'm sidiu' in the quarrel wid H*Cartbr. Choetb. Shoo re its Hinty thried to foozle 'em, an' | Hopkins to bamboozle 'em, When prisent at the sperrit-lilten party, Bat it'* gospel throot I'm teUio', thot the Maes j H all be yellin", If they dar to cast asponhnus on M "Carthy. Whin yiz talk uv raisin' sperrits, shoore its airier j than ye'd think. For I've rnz 'em many mornin'a whin me head was | thick wid dhrink. Sane was green an* some was valla, but the boolk of j 'em was pink, An' they'd lep in wcfld divarshun round M'Cartby. As for Doekins provin" anythink his chance is most ] forlorn— Peri jape bis mother ruz some sperrit on the day thot be was born— He can aizy raise the timper an' nmnltigited scorn, But he'll niwor raise the fifty uv ifOarthy. Whin Josephine was walkin', sboore the scoffers fairly zhuk, And whin they grabbed the madiom 'twas indeed a spoke that spuk, For I'd got it from a cartwheel jusht to lash about j the rock, Sbud they thry to take advantage uv M'Cartby. As the sperrit shuk the curtain, I mistuk it for a skirt, ! Thin 'twas somethin' knke a stoekin', and 'twas shligbtly loike a shirt. Viz can botdd yer own opinion, but rimimber yell be hurt, | If yiz dar to doabtorcontbradict M'Cartby. I Jusht take me quiet an' aizy, an' I'm harmless as a j lamb, * As I'm not presarvin' Mellons yiz can smash them up 1 for jam, j But yell fancy thot yer body has been thrampled be athram, Shud yiz practoize any maneness wid M 'Car thy. j When the lights is low and blinkin', its a luvely time to court, I So if ye'd like an mvesib' uv the spenit-raisin' sort. Where they mix up the mysterious wid a thrill in' hit of sport, Tic can give aseeyanoe dark an* ask M'Cartby. Ohorcb. | Shoore its Hinty tried to foozle 'em, an' Hoekini to bamboorie 'ein, Whin prisent at the sperrit-rairin* party. But it's gospel throot I'm tell in', thot Use Maos Hall be yellin', If thcydartocMtaspaHhuiuqtt M'Cartby. j A gracier received the following in response to an advertisement recently I " Sir,—In answer to your advertisement i requiring a gen toman's son on your estate, I beg to offer myself. - i am not a bit afraid of work; in fact l like plenty. I am strong and healthy, and big for tny age, and would like to get further from yon." A New Sooth Wales scientist who has re turned fromalong trip in the country west: of the Darling tells how in the neighbour hood of Modnt PoOle be met a former ac quaintance, and asked, " Welti after yonr long experience what do you think of this country f '" Think of. this country t Ife a very good country for women—and dogs; but it's a hell upon earth for men—and working bullocks." WOOMERA. Cable intelligence from New Caledonia states that the protective tariff is likely to be made far more. restrictive,* to the detri ment of. the Australian trade with the 'oolony. It ifl expected that a higher duty will be levied at onoe on - Island twist tobacco; : -• v 