HAS EVERY MAN SIS DOUBLEi I Br J. T. Were this world of ours searched through out its latitude and longitude, could a nerson presently he discovered who had at one time been a prisoner in the dungeons of the celebrated Round Tower, Windsor Castle ? Yes ; such a one could be produced, and methinks one only. ’Xwas in the early summer of 1S.H3 the writer of the incident about to be related was a prisoner in that stronghold, erected by Sir William the Con queror about 10(10, a fortress in those times considered impregnable, but in the present day of 100 pouuders could be rarsd to the ground and reduced to ashes in less than an hour. Here, then, in one of the dungeons (a warm, comfortable apartment) was I snugly stowed away and liberally cared for by the keeper of the tower, an old comrade of my father's, Bombardier Thomas Adams, a.t old Peninsula soldier. Adams's position was truly a sinecure, he having only two [ actual duties to perform—No. 1, to hoist the roval standard of England to the flagstaff head on the tower top at sunrise each morn' iug, and to haul it down at sunrise each evening, and only then when royalty occu pied the private state apartments in the quadrangle ; by royalty is meant king or queen only. This standard was made of woven silks of various colors, and being some six yards long and three in depth, proved sometimes a difficult task to gather in when blowing heavy. No. t! duty was the most congenial and pleasing duty; it consisted in receiving and guiding visitors over and through the tower, and on to the battlemcutB ; pointing out and describing principal objects of iutercst abounding in the contemplation of the thirteen different coun ties in England to be viewed from that excellent altitude which the Round Tower afforded. Pleasant to the old soldier this duty certainly was, on account of the showers of crowns and half'crowns that fell to his lot on visiting days, and they were pretty numerous, especially during the summer months. My self-enforced im prisonment in the Tower was due to deser tion from my ship, and a warrant being in existence for the arrest of the fugitive sailor boy, it became imperative he shouldjbe for a season non esi, so he remained perdu until the smart sailing barque that had borne him safely over the wild, wild waves, and had been his home for twelve months, had quitted the Thames and obtained a good offing in the Channel, and made a fair start on her second voyage to the Mauritius for another cargo of sugar, rice, and rum. At last the shipping news reported the Susan Crisp having left Gravesend and parted with her pilot off the Nore light. The coast beingnowclear, “Richard (or rather Joseph) was himself again.” While enjoying a short rest with my friends, who resided in the Castle yard, Windsor, previous to re-ship ping, the royal borough was startled from its usual quietude by a report that a murder of an atrocious character had been com mitted at the village of Slough, some two or three miles distant. From subsequent news paper readings it became known that a returned Sydney convict, James Tawell, a chemist, possessed of considerable me ins (£30,000), had been keeping a woman for some time past in the village above men tioned, but it would seem she had “ outlived his liking,” and this, coupled with the faet of his having a wife and family, and fearing an exposure, he on his last visit to her abode poisoned her by introducing prussic acid into some porter with which they were regaling themselves. Being prone to adven ture, I was determined to make this case a study, and after an hour’s walk made my way with the jurymen into the murdered woman's chamber, and for the first time in my life was face to face with death by violence. Still, pursuing the bent of my inclination was equally successful in obtain ing my entree to the jury room, where the whole of my attention was directed to the murderer, James Towell. He was a Quaker, short, very thin, cadaverous, clean shaved, squinted, very sinister expression, long thin face, light blue eyes (restless eyes), fair complexion, quite bald, and about 5G years of age. He was dressed in the usual garb peculiar to the Society of Friends (Quakers). A man once seen never to be forgotten—his lout ensemble was indelibly impressed on my memory, so that instant recognition of hint in years to come would be easy, though he was one of the rank of a 1000 men; aud each one of these men, blanketed from foot to neck, Tawell’s face and features could never be effaced from the tablet of my memory. In due course Tawell was vis-a-vis with an old acquaintance and neighbor of mine, Jack Ketch, (I beg his pardon, Mr Calcraft) who resided at Hack ney. 1 still have a lively recollection of the white night caps that were wont to adorn the clothes lines in his back garden, swinging to and fro in the bright sunshine, pleased at having escaped the fate of the late wearers whose bones were already cal cined. The writer knew two of Calcrafts sons, who funder assumed names) have built up for themselves a fair reputation in the colony they emigrated, namely, Dunedin, New Zealand, where they still re side. Ten o’clock was the hour fixed for Tawcll’s* execution at the County Goal; Myesbury, Buckinghamshire, tho crime having been committed in that country. Calcraft did the whole of the hanging in England, and was noted for his strict punctuality. No criminal was ever kept in suspenseSby him through non-attendance at hiB post at the required moment ; therefore, there was never any need for an apology when commencing his suspendiug operations. We remember when Newgate tolled forth the death kneel of a criminal, its funeral sounds invariably commingled with those of St. Sepulchre’s as the clock of that church was striking the fatal hour of eight, ere the last stroke of that dreaded hour was lost in the death like silence so peculiar to execut ions. We have witnessed the haggard and shivering forms of Ouvoisser, the murderer of Lord John Russell; Greenaore, the anatomical murderer ; Mr and Mrs Manning (husband and wife,)the murderers a fa Deem ing of O’Connor, the Customs officer ; and many others emerging from the gloom of the condemned cells beneath, already pinioned and prepared for Calcraft’s kind offices—for hs was aiways gentle with his victims—who lost no time in ushering them to the gallowB, when the ghost-like nightcaps for ever closed their earthly vision—the rest was darkness and death. We follow Calcraft to Norwich Castle, where already the black flag is omin ously waving in the early morning sunshine, endeavoring as it were to hide the hideous tar besmeared gallows, at the foot of which 50,000 people were anxiously and impatiently waiting, and participating in the morbid desire to witness the death throes of James Bloomfield Rush, the murderer of Mr Jeremy aud family, of Jeremy Hall, a few miles out of Norwich, If any of iny readers were at Tawell’s execution, they may call to mind, as they were rushing through the city in order to obtain a good view of the ghastly scene about to be enacted, the fact that although the prison bell had only struck eight (ten being the hour of execution), scores of men, women and children were yelling at the top of their voices, “ The last dying speech and confession of JameB Tassell, executed this morning at ten o’clock for the murder of Mrs Green 1 Hero you are, only ^d. each 1 Containing full particu lars of his last night; how he didn’t sleep ; how ho did eat for his breakfast two pounds of steak aud a quartern loaf, all washed down with several pints of dog's nose! Here you are, only Jd. each.” Calcraft again operated, fulfilling the last stern offices of the law. Tawell had been chemist during his convict career at Sydney, and had amassed the large sum of £30,000, which reverted to the Crown at his death, as all felons convicted of capital offences were deprived of the whole of their estates, which became confiscated in pursuance of a very old Act of Parliament, but which is now confiscated. It is on record that Tawell’s case was the last one where confiscation followed, about 1830. That same act also directed that bodies of executed criminals should be buried at midnight in a cross-road, and further, that a stake should be driven through each of their bodies ; but thanks to ’ the advance of civilization, this barbarous system has long since ceased to he observed. So with the gibbet; it also has vanished, thanks to the progress of the times. Touching the forfeiture of Tawell’s £30,000,some liberal minded member of tho House of Commons moved in the matter, and succeeded in gett ing the full amount returned to his widow and family, not a single farthing being deduoted as costs. As stated, the Act of Parliament boaring on confiscation of felons estates has been repeated. Very tyrannical and unjust must have been a law that reduced to misery and starvation families not responsible for the acts of any one of its ■members who may have committed a capital, 1 offence, and suffered the death penalty in consequence, ■ Ou the gallows the offence was expiated. Justice was satisfied. The community wns purged. Where then cornea in the necessity for any further revenge l The abominable and unrighteous judical murders daily perpetrated at Tyburn dur ing the reign of the Georges were truly barbaric: men and women hung for sheep stealing, horsestealing, forgcryand burglary. Young'girls strung up for stealing a few yards ot’ ribbon from olf a draper's counter. Dr. Dodd, tutor of Lord Chc-sterticid, was the last man hanged for forgery. Thank God, we live in a more humane era. Tile law as now administered aie cruel or brutal and the nation thanked heaven for it, ns Thackery has done siuce :— George the First as vile was reckoned ; Viler still wns George the Second; And wlmt mortal ever hoard Any good of George the Third | When to the earth the Fourth descended, God be praised, the Georges* ended. Some months aftvr Tawell’s execution, I was wending my way from tic Saint Katherine’s Docks to the city, auu had just crossed from Monument Yard into King William street, when who should come bustling past me hut the murderer James Tawell, whose body was supposed to have long since becu consumed in the horrid quick Bine which is at all times shovelled into the cuftins of executed criminals. Did my eyes deceive me ? No. It was a mutual recognition ; Tawell in the flesh ; here he was in jyropria persona: —flaunting bj» me with his long Quaker cut coat flying open in the breeze; the peculiar shaped hat, clean shaved, the same sinister expression, the squint in the eye, aud dressed exactly in every particular as when I met him at the inquest; and, remarkable to ; relate, the recognition became still more I certain, from the fact that after we had passed each other we both turned at the same instant to look at each other, he pursu ing his way across the Thames into the borough, I westward. Where was the mys tery? How came this disturbed spirit to bo roaming the streets of London? Wns the execution at Aylesbury a make believe? Not likely. Since that meeting at the foot of Loudon bridge to the present moment, I nothing ever has—or ever will—shaken my fixed unalterable belief that Tassell passed , me as described.« Tis said that every man has his double, This no doubt is quite cor rect, and fully credited by myscif from many : actual experiences. Here is one in point. Mr Fredericks was a leading actor at the | Surrey* Theatre, Blackfriars toad, Loudon; we were frieuds, and my business often called me from the city to the Surrey side of the Thames, when we often met and lunched together, and as a matter of course I was introduced to many of his frieuds and acquaintances, who often remarked that we were brothers. About this time Macready was starring at the Surrey, and on the night Richard the Third was in the play bills, Tom Fredericks was cast for Richmond, after wards Henry the Seventh. Some few days after this I was walking up the City road, when a gentleman, lifting his hat to me, said, ‘‘Pardon me, Mr Fredericks, but you must permit me to congratulate you ou tho admi iable manner in which you played Richmond the other evening. Mr Macready must have been proud of such support, etc.’' It took me all my time to convince my admirer that I was not Mr Thomas Fredericks, Neverthe less, “Good morning, Mr Fredericks !’’ and “ there goe* Mr Fredericks !” were exclama tions that often reached my ears during my outings in the streets of Loudon. How, then, to account for Tawell’s resurrection after death ? Was the double theory applicable in his case? The sect he belonged to were few iu comparison to the millions 1 outside his ciced ; aud among those millions there are doubtless tens of thousands of | men the counterpart of each other. Quakers always chose oolours of dark material for dress purposes ; the cut of their garments 1 are all alike—coat, vest and trousers ; also hat—peculiar-shaped hat. Tawell wore dark : clothes at the iuquest, and the same clothes exactly were on him when seen by ins at London Bridge. How* to solve this mystery? Tne solution must be the “double” theory ; How* else can one account for this strange incident ? The recognition was not at night, but in the broad open daylight; iu the full glare of the sun ; and then the turning round mutually and starring at each other ! Query.—Did Tawell see in me a “double” of some fellow convict who perhaps had messed with him in the stifling hold of the convict ship, or chained to him in the quarries at Cockatoo Island, working up to their knees in slime and slush ? If so, he must have thought that a marvellous rejuvenatiou had been wrought in the double he war contem plating. Ac any rate, there must have been some sympathetic, magnetic, or other un accountable influence at work that caused him and I to survey each other in the manner described. I sfciH believe ic was Tawell in the flesh whom I encountered at the foot of London Bridge ; and 1 also am of firm opinion— That every man has his double. 