Society Notes. (isy gussie.) The most fastidious eye could not have discovered a flaw in the genteel and select ^ circle of an at home patronised by me one * night last week. The courtly, noble bearing of the gentlemen, and the demure and lady like manner of the ladies were undoubtedly owing to the all-pervading influence of ' me bruthcr.'. Like Banquo's ghost, me bruthcr floor was perfect, whilst the gentle strains of ' Daisy Bell' wafted on the night breeze gave a bizarre and fanciful touch to the gay scene. ' Dear Art' gave place to something newer, which was greatly enjoyed by the assembled multitude. Need I say more than that everything was the acme of wit, learning, gentility, and our set. What more could \vc wish for? A vaunt! ye counterjumpers and others who would scoff! Raise not your heads for fear the vengance of our set should strike you. 1 have but little doubt that before long the sacred precints of our set will be invaded by tlic vulgar. Slowly but surely these wretches arc making encroachments into our ranks. To a certain extent we are responsible for this ourselves. Gentlemen should not go into trade. Although it may be an easy thing to make a fortune by baking bread or selling cabbages, yet it is beneath our dignity and importance. Again, gentlemen are too prone to contract mesalliances. A pretty face is all very well — but what about the social status of the owner of the face. Would it be the proper thing for a duchess to marry a vegetable merchant? I think not. We should be very careful ; every sign of the advancement of the vulgar should be stamped out, and their ridiculous pretensions extermi nated by a hand as vigorous and genteel as as that of ' me brother.' ' This wretched, dismal, wet weather has sadly interfered with the usual out-door I pleasures 01 our set. L-old water is not ' ' relished by the aristocrats, although the ppet sings : 'The workman .when his' daily labour's 'done— . . ? ? : I Eager alike for luxury and rest— ] Will-to his ,-watei -butt impa'tient run, I The spigot turn— he under—and be blest !' I It would never do for our set to declare in I favour of cold water after such a verse as , this. I know a married lady whose con ' sumption of the icy fluid — in her ablutions — I does not exceed a cupful in.a year. This is I in my opinion, a suresigii of aristocratic ten dencies. When you see an elderly person who apes .the aristocrat, look at her face. If it is clean, she is a fraud. One of the necessary formalities of our set, is'to have a day at home. I mean to scrawl Tuesday or Saturday upon your visiting card. I heard my fiiend Vegetable Mauow say th.it he knew a lady who made it a point of honoui to be out upon hei day. Thcie is nothing to be wondered at in this. What does it matter if an acquaintance ai lives tired and hot at youi dooi only to be in formed by die menial in attendance, that you are out? It shows' 'a. decided 'taste for social sclfWIiucss— a quality eveiy tme lady and gentleman should possess. Vegetable Mar 10m, howcvci, h of a cynical turn — ciossed in love, poor fellow. Football is coming in, so- my athletic fiiendb tell me. I do not caie veiy much foi athletics. It always strikes me as a somewhat foolish proceeding foi a gentleman I to tuck his tiouseri. inside his sockb and chase a tennis ball in ouicr to hit it back ovei a net to another person on the other side. A fiiend of mine, who goes in for this sort of tlurig, told me that he thought it would be a good thing if the tennis balls weie painted blue. A tempctance idea, so he s.aid. Thcic ib some degiaded, wicked calumnia ting, lo v fellow who lias talcen it upon him sell to declaie that even our set may oveistep the bounds of piopncty. lie states that lie was abused and insulted by a lmiglai -catching fiiend of mine, who used— so theilegiacled wictch(says— language not consistent with the heaiing of a gentleman, it appeal-, that this vulgar creature walked up to my fi mud and tiicd to light a eigai at his nose. My fiiend immediately reproved him, in a way that I should like to see all such insulting varlets^ treated. So much for-hU stoiy— it is about as true as the narra. 'tives of Baron Mtmchausen, 