flashlights. - (By Focus'km.) Capital punishment. Strikes. ''' Europe smells gun powder. The Cll!na cup is full of bitterness. ^ '' ' stat' is The sleepless I of the New South Wales law. I-nnes. The English were the first white men who ever entered Pekin. A wether profit. A rise m the pricc of sheep. Ewe don't say so. It is supposed that* a hen lays an ess because she can't stand it on end. It is the successful theatrical manager who has much to thank his stars for t ' Still a living Li, but not too certain China °g S°' The Vice'R°J of Almost any friend will stand by yon shilling l g 5 but ;t mu8t be y°ur ' Payment of members can stand more ivnox than Adrian can give it, and still stand up. England has had more than half a doaen wars with Franco, and has beaten ' her m each. The great trouble with men who bor row from Peter to pay Paul fa that they don't pay Paul. 3 D;' Bass's Sfcraits °re as Government. *''' Mr. Justice Williams, Victoria, has pronounced for the imperishable freedom of the press, says S.A .Advertiser. It means license. Director—' Whao do you think of the new Board of Directors ?' Shareholder Half capable of nothing, and the rest ' capable of anything.' i -ari^n ^aofc1that writer of the Wild Cat column in the Bulletin is pecunmnly interested in one or more West Australian mines 7 The Chinese Emperor— -the son of Heaven —has flown. Emperors gener 8 -fwvi when it comes to a critical time with them. When ever their subjects fly their heads are confiscated by tire public executioner. * In the event of England going to war some people think India will rise. India will then have a rise taken out of her, by that being done with her troops. The Indian will always fight well under the Cross of St. George, conditionally that he is taken outside himself, as it were. Fergusson, of Broken Hill, sitting on the Tieasury Bench, playing with his watch chain and conversing with Post master- General Cook, is a sight for the goas. We {Sunday Times) don't know wha. has become of the poor wrctches ' who with their wives and families had a starving time on the Barrier for a lone while after the great strike, but Sleath and Fergusson the ' leaders,' are seem ingly quite well, thank you. _ When Patterson and Carter, with a big majority at their backs in Vic Assembly— a majority which was grow ing with almost every bye-c lection— pro- duced their famous 'tariff' reform Budget, S. M. Herald announced that that the great anti-protection reaction had begun. And when the House re jected the Budget, and the Patterson party was uttorly smashed at the polls, and three Ministers were rejected, and Patterson himself got in by the narrowest possible shave, and the Labor Party —which went solid for high tariff— returned almost every one of its eandi dates by a big majority, then the same tlerald put the announcement, in bis letters, on its placards : Great Victory for la rill Reform. ' —Bulletin. On the subject of 'low neck dresses lioscoe Coupling writes :— ? I can no more imagine a swcot, wholesome hearted ' modest woman, be she young or old divesting herself of half of her clotbinc and posing before ribald men, with an uncovered neck and bosom, than I can imagine a dove with the tastes of a bn&- zard, or a rose with the fragrance of pig weed. The cheek that will blush when a poor creature of the town goes by, one whom starvation wages and a motherless unguarded youth has driven to shamo ? that will flame with indignant protost when the skirts of the Magdalene draw too near, yet deepens not its rose at, thought of uncovering shoulders and bust to oither a photographer or a crowd, is not the cheek of puro and honest womanhood. 