SALE POLICE COlUJIT. M?osDAtY, AUGUST'27iTl. (Before Messrs. T. Johnstone and J. J. Drew, Ja.P.) A woman named Alice Bantine, aetranger in this district, and who gave the police a had account of her movements, was fined 2s 6d or sin hours for being drunk and dia. orderly; and £10 or three months for using obscene language. aTUsu.w, AUGUST -2Srn. (Before Messrs. J. Cullinan and J. J, Drew, J'e.P.) INSULTI(NG BEHIAVIOR. Michael Bowler and Thomas Bowler were charged with insulting behavior at Longford on the 7th ilenst. j" J. Killeen stated that the two men came to his place at abhot half past 5 o'clock iu n the afternoon, the elderly man appearing to be very excited, while the younger one said d Ihe was going to die Witneass was asked to go for a doctor, and he came into Sale and got Dr. lBowue. When they got back, young Bowler was lying on the sofa, and the old man was pulling him about, aRd kicking up a row. Dr. Birowne said it was not safe for Bowler to be in the place. Constable Curtain said he went to Long. - ford in the evening by instructions. The a old man was excited and appeared to have I had a drink, while the young man seemed to I be a little bit out of his mind. In tire lock up this morning young Bowler said he was 1 a little better. , .Sergeant Sl'Gann stated that he did not tlhink young Bowler was quite right in his head, and it would be advisable to f remand hint for a few days. At the lock. op he had been talking of fairies and ghosts he had seen during the night. The bench discharged the elder Bowler, ad remanded Thomas Bowler for three days. DEBT. II. A. Luke v. J. F, Kinder, claim for 6 I for an advertisement. Order for amount, with 15sr d costs. Sme v. Christian Christenson, claim for £10 Os 10d, for newspapers supplied and amount doe on a promlssory note. Order for amount with £1 1Os 6d costs. Sir Staveley appeared for plaintiff in each case. J. Garrett v. T. Brown, claim for £6 2s 9d, balance due for sheep'supplied. Order for amount, with £1 O' id costs. Mr Wise for plaintiff. S. F. Treloar v. C. W. Boulton, claim for £17 is 6d, goods sold arrll amount due on a promissory note.. Order for amount, with £1 16s 6d costs, Mr Wise for plantiff. AFTER THE BALI ' D. Sayer, jour., proceeded against Chas. Blyth to recover £2, for supplying pro. feational musio for a hall at Clydebatk. 1 Mr Wise for plantiff, and Mr Staveley for defendant. SD.,Sayer deposed that Blyth engaged him' to supply music fora ball, and the usual fee, £2, was agreed upon. He hal repeatedly asked defendant for payment, which he pro. e raised to do. " To Mr Staveley : Mr Blyth made the en. 'gagement a Jew. days before the ball. lWitness had played at similar dances in that locality, and Mr Blyth was president of the club, and Mr T, Gilder secretary, T. Gilder deposed that Ie was present on one occasion when plaintiff asked defendant for payment, and the latter said it would be Spal in a fortnight. He considered Blyth h and himself were liable, because 9 or II i. others on the committee would not pay! d Witness was secretary for this particular dance, and Mr Blyth was treasurer and president. 0 C. Blyth deposed that he did not engage u plaintiff to play for the dance. Plaintiff met rs him In the street and said, "When is this d affair coming off," and witness having named the day, plaintiff said "That's all right, as I have an engagemant at Mlaffr about that time," He never paid plaintiff at any time ts for any of the dances. He received a letter 'd asking for psayment, and went to plaintiff in company with 1. Gilder, the latter saying we would try ansl settle it. of To Mr Wise: Mr Sayer played for several ra socials, and witness was president of this it dance. It was agreed in the first place that plaintiff was to play for the dances all le through. We went to plaintiff to try and to get time to pay and there were other e. accouota in connection with the dance which rs were paid by the secretary. Witness thought ihe handled ahout 30s of the money, and he paid Ingleton, the caterer. The debts were to be paid out of the money derived of from the dance, tihe subscription to which ny was three shillings, but this asnorot enough. y, As president, witness took no steps to get at more money, aa.he left the saecretry to do that. re The bench made an order for the amount claimed, with 18s costs. 