THE STORYTELLER. THE PLUM OF PARDEft Br John Arthur Bahry. * If the Grahams and the Hoggs had lived in the United States of America they would have shot one another on sight, but as they lived in Australia they only fought whenever they met, without the aid of lethal weapons. The feud was of long standing, and it ail arose out of a mere trifle of a score or so of calves. The Grahams' ear-mark was a "swallow tail "—the Hoggs' a " No. 7. • The transfor mation, by aid of a Bb&rp; knife, is not diffi cult. Graham Bwcsfe it had been rbade.bnt Hogg would nOtgi\ 6up thecal VeS. Grtibant%)ulled " Hogg twohundtedmiles to QettrterSeations and lost Uf'ftk' ie jury ignite Agreed upon the fact, but, as the foi&nan; patheti cally put it when they retired^;""1 Wot's the bloomin' use—we ain't got riwhin' to go on "sept hinstink, and hinstink ain't hevidence ? Wot we knows we knows, but it wouldn't be fair to brink Aur print knowledge as hex perts to bear on a public matter like this." Graham had three grown-up sons and two daughters. Hog; baa also three grown-up BOns and one stepdaughter. On both sides there were smaller children of either sex. And if Polly Graham, astat nine, met Billy Hogg, of about thesanaeage,' they, after a little idiomatic bush talk, " acruffed ' each other ; Sod the elder boys, foregathering anywhere, bnt especially gt the, one. shopty within fifty miles, pulled Off tnbir Sockets-after the first nip. Also the old men, too feeble for active hostilities, snarled Mid growled, and "bhttoked thlpga w) 'V'l^enflh other to an aooompanimeftt oTsroilS^eabTiemy. , sB«t as ever since the dam of the Montagues and Oapuiete there have been exceptions, so .... ........ ... .... - •.... . - -- . ; her fingers sooner than many a mtdisBUtail, tripos man on & elate. Plume, it mart be remembered, are rsrely ' Been oat West, and, when th~r are, eeO at hsU-aerosn a dozen : so that her nickname. j if not refined or aesthetic, wm at kaet fos- • gestive. Harden was the old man's selec-; UCrtL Amongst ti e flash lads on the far bade' creeks it was «eit known that Letty would. ss they pot it "etsnd no d d nonsense ;* ; and they behaved scoordingty—the more eo \ tM it was an open secret to everyone except • those roost concerned that *' Long Graham " I was "dead shook "on Letty Hogg. | Once, when they wen only small children,; Letty, shepherding a mob oi sheep for the express purpose of eating off Graham's' frontage, lost a wing. Walter Graham, also j shepherding with exactly the same intention , with respect to Hogj^s, found the stragglers, and was driving tbem into bis Sock when Letty ran up in tears. Walter hesitated. He j knew his duty was to sneer at her, and crack b»: whip around her bare legs, from his seat' of vantage on the old mare. But he faea-! tatedL And shortly afterwards the pair might have been seen seated close to one another on a log between the two lots of sheep. Andj next day, they swapped toma hawks and divided their dinners; and Letty showed Walter her greatest treasure—a brilga's nest in the lignum swamp, with two tig spotted eggs in it. The friendship thus formed had never died out, bat, in spite of the read, developed into the stronger feeling, declared at racny a. secret midnight meeting. Of late the enmity between the two families seemed to grow more bitter, making opportunities for the young folk seeing each other rarer than ever. And Walter, though confident, was also anxious, for the I'iam of Parden was ac counted a prize well worth the winning, and every Sunday a dozen horses bong op to the ; raii in front of old Hogg's house—forbidden ground, alas, to Walter's—whilst their masters—mostly flash stockmen from the neighbouring stations, chewed grass end straws, and stared at Letty, pleased if she bat flung tbem a saucy word now and then. Now, of the two families, the Hoggs bore by far the worst all-roand reputation. They were generally alluded to locally as hot coffee," or " bard cases," and were popularly supposed to be aa capable, if the notion took tbem, of putting away a matt as a beast " Nugget" Bogz, the eldest sen of tbe bouse, was a surly, short-set lump of a man, vindictive, passionate, and with hair an inch long growing on the phalanges of his fingers from the nails to the knuckles. If be and bis almost equally uncouth brothers had one virtue amongst them it was tbe re spect, almost reverence, with which they re garded Letty. Some rumour of how matters were between young Graham and bis stepsister had reached Nugget, half maddening him. So, at their next meeting, which happened to be at tbe "Jolly Bushman," and without even1 wartm? to express his intention?, he rushed at Graham like a bull at a red blanket. I Then ensued a gorgeous batf Je-royal, which ] filled the hearts of the onlookers with jov. Waiter at first " went light." He was think ing of Letty. But a nasty smack in the eye pu a smart punch in the ribs served to remind him that after all fck opponent was no relation of him sweetheart's, so to speak. Therefore, he pa: out all bis skill and Strength, and in tbe er.i prevailed after such % Agfa ax had not been Ken in the Wert sire*. at Lundsboofca woohhed. Jack tire bailor half killed the " ecienced " American who eSasnes to be the rfwnfwa -• [ bewr-w^fci of Asatla. Indeed, N'sffie: was, as ttt epec£t:crs truly ^ pa; rt "don*- bid."so muA sc. ths; alter the : lass krrysk down be staggered into the basse 5 and rear.bed foe a nOe tiat hccg apoo tbe f i wall. blocked by tbe indtgnaM crowd, be < tsroed rosad, and in the ooct emphatic f language at bis command roared ie»euge, i foifand acwpiece. Abaci a fortnight after the big Sgbt. as Walter Graksm was caster-' log ai-jog is the darkness tonnk bis b&aae;, i horse and rider came to grief over a wire; stretched rightly across the track. ! ! That setae evening Letiy, putting one of * ' die children to bed. happened to remark tiat • I everybody except the obi man and them- ■ edvps was away. • | " I knows where tbey are," lisped tbe ® child: " I heard BO! ssy as bow they'd pat a f set on Wafly Graham afore raoramV ? LettVe face blanched; bat she only ssii. ' ;" Whet are tbey going to do with him, ! dearf ' ■ " Don't know." replied the little giri' ; steepUy, as she curled np, " But I 'member 1 ' Nug said tomHbin' about tbe * bid mill.'" \ | This was enough for Letiy, and in a r«y | ! few minutes she was hi the torse- paddock J j with a bridle over her aim. 1 j Meanwhile her lover, stained by his fall,; j was ire. ng led. scrapper on his horse, at a i quick canier towards the old miil—a deserted sawing plan*. In the heart of a thick pine scrub. At tbe Grahams' tfcey were all string 1 . in the kitchen, tbe two old people in arm- j . chairs on each side of the fire, for it was i f autumn, and chilly, the k«ng, kxsee-iaimed j 'young men, Walter's brothers, lying aboutj : restfcliy on rough stools, Kill iegzinged and j ; sparred after a day among tbe cattle. j Upon this scene suddenly btrrsx out of tbe j ! darkness a white-faced woman, her long hair\ ; failing over her shoulders and glittering with j ■' dew. One took she cast around, as ior J . somebody, then said quietly to the open- i mouthed starezs. " You'd best come on down i ! to tbe old mill, hot foot. Our folks bare got l J your Walter there : an' I'm a bit scared for i j him." Then she had vanished into the night i again. I I Nothing had been shifted since tbe last j j owner of tbe saw-mill plant had " gone i ! broke." Under the rude shed of boughs! stood the mazy little engine, so worn and ancient as to be worth nobody's while to re move. £ren a rusty saw was in position; and alongside tbe open door of the boiler stood a pile of neatly-cut wood. " Whips o' water in 'er," said Bill Hogg, as, with practised hand, he tested the gauge . pipe. " Fire op, boys, an' we'll soon 'ave her goin' agen." j Yoong Graham bad been lifted on to tbe bench, where he lay bound with saddle-straps I' and gagged with his own handkerchief. A very short time sufficed to getcteam op; and then, as Hill Hogg, who bad onoe worked i st tbe mill, slipped the belt on, Nugget rolled I Walter close to tbe saw, beginning to revolve with a jarring, creaking sound. "Fire up V he shouted to bis youngest brother Tom. "She ain't half goin* yet" Tom, a lad of 18, rammed in great chunks of dry box, and the glow from the open door shed light around. " Now," said Nugget, undoing the gag, " yer long sweep ! I got yer to rights. An* ! jefve got to sine very small." j Walter, who had for come time past re I covered consciousness. and been wondering | what tbey woe going to do, answered, " Let ) me np, you cowards, an' III fight any two of ; yos—if you'll give me fair {day. Bat I | spose it's no use askin' that from a Hogg— 1 name en* nature's agin it." j He was too angry just then, you see, to think at Letty. Cj das the old saw vu| wobbling nd bvcdwt «nwod «t a great ntr, ami Nsgpt ibtoed the prostrate D»n up rill tiic teeta tone throagh the ckwhing and strrtrhfd las tta. " Tm JKM to take as oath to two things," said Xufli^ epatr, as be lehied his hold aiiufliil. "rtat, pa got to knock off foo!inT axon* Lettf; yen ain't to speak hot write to her. nor'm notbin' to do with her in do way. Second thing, you've got to got outer toe district, an' not oome hack till we pees yon lette-aa' that won't be to Graham toughed. "What d'ye take me forf be asked. " A car like prae), I s'pose." " Yob got to take .that oath," replied tbe otoer deadly, "or by O—d we'd break yer down like a pine log, an* burr the bits in toe sand, an* shore afire-stick in the humpy, an' who's to be toe wtoerl" He was evidently to earnest. There was a dead sijenoe, broken only by toe hungry buzzing of toe saw. The flickering light cast dark shadows athwart the three fierce, de termined faces thai bolt ore* his own. Not a sign of pity or relenting could be find in them, smooth and beardless as two of them woe. More frightened of their elder brother were Bill and Tom than of murder in its worst form. He had imagined it, at most, a practical joke until now. Bat that long, in quiring ;ock into their eyes through the red | flashings of toe engine-flame had carried conviction with it ! " rij tee yoa d—d fast.* said he at length, : making one last main, effort to free himself. ;" Cat me to bits if yon mean it, bnt von shan't hare it to asy toe likes of yon oowed ! me." "Pick Tm up," said Nugget savagely, for in his struggles Walter had rolled nfili off the bench, when at that moment np dashed Letty on her grey pony, riding bare-backed. One glance was enough. Springing off her horse she whipped out a knife, and before the others recovered from their sarprise their prisoner was free, and with. Lei-ty'a hand firm on his arm, standing in front of them. " You eowardlv gohannere '** exclaimed she, panting. " This is what yon was op to, was it f Three to one, an' him able to knock spots off the lot o" ye if ye 'adn't got him twitched op like a load o' wool. Go on home, you down-lookin' sweeps, or ITi make the country too hot few yoa. Oh, yoa cats, tackle him now, an' Til st&n;' by an* see fair Flay. No fear o' you. Git your horse, Wal; seen him ban gin' up over there. That scum ain't worth nebcin'. 'Sides here's yoar own people a comin', and I ain't wan tin' " But toe sentence was never finished. There was a loud explosion as the old coffee-pot, tried beyond endurance, gave up tbe ghost, and burst into smithereens just as toe Grahams came galloping on to the scene. Lefty and her lover, who bad turned away and were walking towards toe latter's home, escaped with a few bruises from the flying metal. But Nugget was picked np with both legs broken, and the skin peeling off him, whilst one of his brothers was also badly scalded. That night old Hogg entered toe Grab am ef bouse for the first time during ten years, and, melancholy as was the occasion, the doctor, busy over the injured man, could not repress a smile as he heard old Graham say with a pawky sarcasm—bom, perhaps, of the Scotch blood in him—" Don't be makin' a stranger o* yourself, He. Hogg, now ye are come. Hebbe well be by way o* seein* more o* each | other, as I've left off breeding cattle." Later he said, interrogatively " I'm gjvin* V&ltfT; a coopteo' teams an' a hnnderd notes for a start ¥" " An* rU," replied old Hogg, with a grin, " pre Let 100 head o' balloon an' a score o' milkers. That's aboat tbem lew calves an' their increase for ten year, 1 reckon, wi' oompoond interest added." 