Short Story. SILAS AVHITCOMB'S WIDOW. UY HOWARD S. CU\10.\'. It wns tho day of Silas AVhitcomb's fune ral, ami a droury d:iy it wa.--. for the people ?who crowded tho little furm-house to pay hist honors to the sturdy old fanner, who had passed away nt'tci- many goodly years of toil, under the same root where' his grandfather had died just forty years be Tho Whitcoinb place had changed u great dealsince that other funeral many days agone, when the old Captain had been laid to rest upon the hill that seemed to stand as a senti nel and jruurdinu for the urosDorous sottlo inont that nestled about it.* base The hill hud changed, too, for its graceful crest had long ago been seized upon by the pioneers of Leoborough, enclosed in a ' al.it fence,' aud, without much ceromony, appropriated as a bourn for the dear departed. It had lost its heavy growth of giant pine, and was now uovored outside the iuolosuro with a rerunhy orop of evergreens, that could luvrdly luvpo to attain the noblo proportions of their prede cessors. So it had been for miles around, for tho forest noon molted awny beforo the hardy pioneers, making a place for the arts of civilization. In this march of improvement the Whit combs lad always borne an honorable part. Unswerving honesty and rigid economy had oeen to them positive forces in that widely comprehensive torm -general prosperity, Cold, practical and severely reticent in all mutters not directly entering into the rather narrow sphere of their individual lives, they toiled faithfully aud well, then passed in turn from oil the stage of human action, carrying1 always the respect but seldom the love, of those with whom they were brought into close relations. Such people arc common enough the world over, reaching perhaps the highest stage of uudovelopment in the farming district-, of Mew Euglaud. Hero, especially, aie the conditions lamentably unfavorable for the unfolding of eoul. Here the artistic aud spiritual impulses are over ridden, nariowed, perverted, aud in many cases totally des troyed by tho humdrum drudgory of 'every- day existence. It is a struggle of brawn and muscle with tho obstinate and obstructive forces of nature, where Nature has dealt her blessings meagerly— a bitter, unyielding and nevor- ceasing contest for mere food and rai ment. In such an environment mental lifo perishes in embryo, leaving, a poor little ghost to perform menial service in a domain where muscle is at once priest, king and deity. Ihus the higher faculties follow obediently whore they .should lead imperiously. Though not much given to wandering in abstractions, it is possible that these thoughts may have crossed the mind of Silas V\ hit comb's widow as she stood looking out ovor u stretch of brown bare field, wuitiug for the neighbors to assemble and look for tho last time upon tho face of her deceased spouse. Inside tho gloom was intensified by the dreary prospect without. The low, leaden boptein bor sky, the sombre hues of autumn, tho tall trees, through whose branches tho wind moaned at intervals in melancholy cadonce — all this senmed to magnify the aUliction that had suddenly thrust itself into the lifo of Mabel Whitcomb. She was dressed in a plain gown of black alpaca, given her soon sifter marriage by Situ*, and fitted by the not over- skillful hand of one Mrs. Mary Wilson, town modiste, who also did odd jobs at spiritualism, nursing and massage cures. Her dark felt bat was also a wedding souvenir -which, under the kalei doseopic touches of Mrs. Wilson, had been made to do servico at all seasons and upon all occasions. A long veil of heavy black crapo fell in graceful folds about her 'well-rounded figure, and she held in one of her hands a pair of brown kid gloves, which woro tho worse for occasional usage during a period of about three years. A number of the neighbors had already arrived, and Mrs. Wilson, who has been at the house during the last illuess of poor ' Si,' ns she called him, flitted from room to room, taking euro that everything was in ordor, and occasionally covering her little green oyes with an ouormous cambric hundkerohiof, which she doxterously tucked in her bolt whoa requiring her hands for gestures illus tratiug romarks eulogistic of tho departed ono. To ovory porson who oame hlie felt bound to speak at considerable length upon the virtues of tho deceased. His honesty, his economy, his noblo charity, nud his tender affection for tho young widow who now, mourned beside the bier, where all matters calling for superlative praise. Thee ser ihonottes were invariably concluded with, 'Well, Si's at rest now,' as (hough some people might be skeptical enough to doubt his piety during life. To only ono porsou, her good friend, tho blacksmith's wife, did Mrs. Wilson veuturo to mention tho coat of the coffin, which held in the frout room all that was mortaL of Silas .Wlutcomb. She was somehow led into this in a moment of colloquial conlidonco, and whilo indulging in a perfectly imiocont speculation us to the probuble future of tho widow. Would she marry again? Was she inclined to be extravagant, as some people said ? These aud other questions of a like character formed tho prelude to a little bed-room ohat that developed into a full fledged discussion later on, in the midst of which Mrs. Wilson whispered to her com panion that the cotlin had cost exactly £15. The Smith's wife had attested hor surprise by violently arching her oyobrows and puckering up her hard littlo mouth in a manner tlmt amply rewarded the modisto for hor truly startling information. Having soon regained her oompsauro, however, she was about to speak when some one came to say that the minister had just arrived. ' All right,' answered Mrs. Wilhon, draw ing out hor handkerchief, and adjusting tho comb in hor black hair. ' we'll come.' Taking on a look of deep melancholy, tho two women passed into the sitl ing- room and entered the parlor, which was already well filled. It was a small, dreary apartment, with low coiling and bnro whitewashed walls, unrelieved by any of thoso dolieuvo touches of feminine fancy that mako a house habit able and homelike. A few oheap prints, fran.ed in stained cedar and held at irregular angles by stout red cords, looked lonebumo, and over a largo sized crayon portrait of tho late proprietor drooped a' tangled mass of flaming autumn leaves. In one corner of tho room a square table covered with a yellow Bilk spread held the family Bible, on which woro arranged with mathematical precision five or six smaller volumes, the pile finding uu apex in a quaint looking: irlass vase of tho most fantastic design. Iu an opposite con-or the uomu vested on another and a larger table, which hud been improvised as a bier, aud with its livery of ? death served only to heighten tho grim us peot of the place. Nearly every one carried a hymn book, and while tho minister was trying to organize a choir Mrs. AVilsou gave ropcatoi assurances to her frionds that it was ' tinio to begin.' In the intorvul she also found time to say that, ' it was a torriblo blow to Mabel,' and that ' the only consolation to be derived from the situation was found in the fact that Si would return to comfort her whenever she (Mrs. Wilson) desired to exert her mediumistic powers. The big clock in the sitting-room now chimed out tho hour of 2, and as the minih tor advanced to the head of tho coftiu a doop hush fell upon the assemblage. Silently and without any confusion the choir formed a hulf-circle about tho clergyman, leaving the mourners to seat themselves in a row of chairs arranged along tho western wall. Strictly speaking, thorn were only two persons included iu tho latter class , the ?widow aud a second cousin of tho deceased, who resided iu an adjoining town, woro tho only relatives prosout, but Mrs. Wilson aud half a dozen neighbors tilled out tho row until every chair was occupied. Tho services opontd with a hymn, which was followed by n brief prayer. After more sinirhnr tho min ister, who had been standing ail tiio while, read the x.-ciii. rxilni and, using the whole as a text. :lrow therefrom a beaut'iful lesson of David's faith in the grace of God, illustra ting' at times with tender and even pathetic reference to the devout life of the departed, who .had passed ' through tho valley of flu shadow of death ' and now stood in that celestial light radiated by tho Divino Pre '1'hero was littlii heed given to tho schol astic forms of dolivory aud no attempt at oratorical offect. It was a simple and siu oero sermon welling up from tho depths of a noblo heart, and tho moist oyos in that littlo room attested, bettor thau anyhing else could do, its profound effect 'upon those present. During thn sorvico Mabel Whiteomb sat liko ono in a lirenm. No tears had come to hor relief, but her face was clinched and of a ghastly pallor, liko that of the cold visage boforo her. With her finely chiseled features and stony ga?.e she looked like a statue taken possession of by the spirit, of despair. It was not until the coflm-lid had been gently closed for the lust time that she showed sxv.V signs of animation. Then, when all was ready, she rose from her seat mechanically, 'accepted the arm of her late husband's cousin and walked steadily out of the doors to tho clumsy market wagon that had been provided to tiiko her to tho cemetery. One after an other the teams drew up to tho front door until the procession was made up, aud then commonced a dreary rido of throe miles to tho last resting place of Silas Whit It was quite dark whon they roturnod. Kaiu was falling, the wind howled dismally around tho littlo farm house, and it required no gift of prophecy to foretell ono of thoso terrible storms that swoop tho coast -of Now Euglaud, marking the autamual equinox. Everything seemed charged with deop gloom, and tho prospeot was. not much en livened when Mabel and Mrs. Wilson ontered tho houso. No choorful fire, no voico ;6f welcome, not oven a light in this abode whoro tho dread deatroyor had recently gathered auother lifo to his mighty harvest. Mrs. Wilson had volunteered to stay for a few days, ' until you kindor get hotter,' as she told Mabel, and now, after remarking, with tho captivating originality for which sho \vas known, ' that it was a bad night,' she proceeded to prove hor good intentions by starting a. fire and making preparations for suppor, going about her work with that nervous activity which characterized all hor movements, talking volubly meanwhile of spiritual , development, some of the strong manifestation)! i in her own experience, and . notable seances during the last annual camp meeting, in which sho had played leading rolo. ' Spiritualism,' she said to Mrs. Whilcomb, who had not yet removed hor wraps, and who sat staring vacantly -at hor talkative comforter, ' spiritualism, my dear girl, binds :us nil together in ono family. Under spirit ualism death don't take nothing that can't come 'baok to tho world. It js just strand. 'Now thero's ;SiIas. -Body -gone, to bo sure, but his spirit will come back 'and talk to you aud toll you wbut you oughtor do. All, yes, Silas will have mauy messages for you, and 'it won't ' bo 'long, noither.-if you will only listen — ' Hore thespeakor.broko,of£ abrupt ;ly, put a stick of wood in the fii-o, and turn-, ling sharply to tho pale figure in tho eornor, ibudo 'her get ready for suppor. Mabel took off hor hat and cloak without a word, pushed a chair up, to the,, table and silently sipped hor tea,' whilo tho'Wilson woman launched forth in another fluent talk on tho com munication of souls. Whon .the meal was over Mrs. Whitcomb built a fire iu tho parlor and sat down iu a big rocking-chair to think. Sho longed to bo alono. Hor one wish now waa to wander uninterruptedly over inomory'a domain, away from the ceaseless and unsympathetic babble of Mrs. Wilson. A'littlo shook came to her as sho remembered that tho ohair sho, oc cupied had .belonged to Silas; that it had been purchased for his exclusive uso, and that sho now' vontured to enjoy it for tho first timo. Sho recalled, also, with a little pang of regret, her first and last attempt to occupy 'it during his life timo. It was iu Thanksgiving ovo following thoir marriage in Octobbr. They had dined alone. I Sho had begged if or a littlo .company— Mrs. AYilsonand two or three othor women of hor acquaintance - but Silas had said sternly' that he ' didn't owe the town gossips anything' ; and tbat,iof ? course, had sottlcd the matter. Ho had -allowed, howevor,' in honor of itho occasion, ajiro to bo .kindled in tho front room, and aftor supper thoy hud both retired horo for the evening. Ah, how distinctly sho romembored ovory eiroumstttneo of that cheerless -November' night. He had tho big rocking-chair as usual, and after vainly try incr to make him talk she had put down hor knitting work, and soxnohow or othor, boforo shohardly 'know it,1 was on his knee, putting ono of 'his big strong arms about hor 'waist, and half burying hor faco in his shaggy red dish gray board. ,Thon ho had uttered a littlo oxclamation somottiing betwoon a sneor and a groan, saying simply, ' I'm thinking; get-up-!' ? iWhen sho had resumed hor seat in tho corner, 'ho took a -chow, of tobacco, put his feet on the table, 'and during tho ro maindor of the ovening sat moody nnd silonl.' \- But'why should I think of thoso trivial matters now? die mused. Silas was kind to mo in many ways ; in fact ho had never been anything else. It wan his way ; uud Bhould ho bo orraingod so soon at tho bar of retro spect for — for what? No indeed ! A thous and times' no ! Sho would think of his many good qualities and kind acts. True enough, ho'had not an affectionate disposition, and was littlo givou ito thoso caressing wayB whioh seem so muoh to tho avorago woman. Ho was rather, practical, to be suro, but of hor physioal comfort considerate always. Yes, Silas hud been thoughtful, there was no denying that. 'and yet — and yet there was always somothing looking. ? Sho had not been happy, and now it seemed to her t'-at Abo had not oven been contented. Still, after rill, porhape it 'had 'been Lor own fault. Their courtship'hud beon so strange, and as sho now mentally, photographed its sovoral phases she could not-hnlp thinking of the startling con trast botweon tho real and tho ideal. Sho hnd dreamed of lovo, liko othor girls, and, like othor girls, had had ,hor horo, but hor life hud been so different from tho alluring roinanco conjured up in hor youthful dreams. She wondered if it woro always so in real lifo — if all womon woro doomed to havo their idols so' ruthlessly shattered. Sho .had not honed for much. No vairuo. uureiiRnuino desire for wealth or station— children of a morbid fauoy had over crossed the prosaic pathway o£ hor mental life. Sho had only asked for love. Tho early days of hor ao quuintaueo with Silas came now comploto in every detail.' It seemed so long ago. She recalled tho opening of hor first sohool, her first mootiujr with Silos, hor troubles with tho Ueuloy familyin-her second -term ovor tho oun-tuct of thoir children,' hor vow ono night that oho would teach no more, und thon sho heard ugaiu tho voico of Silas, us it said : ' If you .are tired of keeping school, littlo girl, come up and tuko oaro of tho house for me. I liko you.' Sho was only oightcen thon. That whs five long years ago. Ho was forty-five and wealthy, us tho word is used in small country towns. Sho did not docido ut once. She remembered Mrs. Wilson's queer exprossiou whon she bud talked with hor about it. The latter hud said that ' 'twixt keeping school and a man liko Si Whiteomb, sho would advise any one to tuko tho man ovory time.' Ko after a time she had taken the man aud settled down to the routine of domestic life. How cold and narrow and dreary it had been; how devoid of joy and hope and love. How sho had tried to break tho cold resorvo of hor husband. How faithfully sho hud strivon to win from his hard, sordid heart ono my of aft'ootioniito sunshine. For the first time she found hoi -elf vi under ing why sho had ovor married him at all. 'Eighteen and forty-iive,' she luuumuod' - half aloud. ' I should havo known bolter.' Aud then suddenly the sin of tho-e rob-lliou.s thoughts loomed up before hoi, and siio strove with all hor might, to put. thorn away, as unworthy of a true woman. l!isim- from her ohair, sho went to the window, and stood peering out. into tho black and lemp.'Munu-. night. A soft foot-fall iu the entrv bioke iu upon her reverie, and she turned to see Aim. Wil son enter, robed in a long white uight-dro.-.:.. In one of her claw-like hands she carried a candle, and the othor she held up as a warn ing and sign of silence. Putting down her light, the woman dropped iuto a chair, and motioning Mabel to come nearer, she seized her bands convulsively aud burst into toar. After a few moments of violent Miblmu,-, which had not been interrupted by an\ irail or gesture from the other, she spoke. ' It's just, as I told you, Mabel,' Mie began. ' I have a mosstitre from poor Si. }lr wants to talk with you: I knew he would. You take that chair in tho corner and I'll got myself under the inliuenco; then ,vc can find out what he has to say.' Mabel turned away, but not to the chair in the corner. Sho resumed her former position at the window. _' Aren't you coming,' oroned the medium, after a pause of some moments. 'No, Mrs. Wilson,' answered the widow, without turning around ; ' I am not. coining. I do not want to hear from Silas. He is dead. Lot him alone.' 