Wattle Flat. [from our correspondent.) A concert given by members of this branch of the L.E.L., assisted by a few friends, came off on Friday night, and was fairly well attended. The first part of the programme opened with a sort of minstrel show, in which the following ladies and gentlemen took part : — Misses Webb (2), McCarthy (2), and Messrs. Cahill (bones), Foster (tambo), Dillon, Massey, Durax, and Jones. The attempt at the 'funny business' proved a complete failure, and a little more practice would have certainly been a vast im- provement. Comic songs were rendered by Messrs. Cahill, Dillon, Foster, and Massey, the latter being fortunate to receive an encore for his songs 'In the Clover' and ' Louise.' Miss Gillard sang ' Is there any harm in that,' and may have done better had she sang it with more ' life,' suitable for a ladies' comic, Miss McCarthy's song ' The dear Shannon,' and Miss Webb's ' Stranger's vet' were scarcely audible in the body of the hall, both ladies voices being decidedly too weak for stage singing. In the second part, Miss N. Gillard sang 'I'll be true, Robin,' and though visibly nervous she sang it well, and was recalled. With practice and a little attention to stage deportment this young lady would make a very good singer. But the gem of the evening was Mr. Foster's 'Little Hero,' given in his usually fine style. Mr, Grater acted as accompanist, and the concert terminated with a laughable farce 'The Ghost,' by Messrs. Cahill, Duratt, and Jones. After the concert a ball was given, and sixteen ladies put in an appearance to dance the ''light fantastic.', The music, supplied by Mr, Webb (violin) and his daughters (piano) was good, and all enjoyed themselves well. Among tbe ladies I noticed were the Misses Carroll (2) looked remarkably well in black, as also did Miss Prime, Miss Gillard, black, and pink, Miss McCarthy, pale blue and black, and the Misses Webb, cream and cardinal. There is a great deal of sickness on the Flat at present, and several people are laid up with influenza. Mr. John White, an old resident, died a fortnight ago with this complaint. He was at one time a sea captain in Tasmania and came over to the diggings more than 20 years ago. 