tmIc1zrnuec. W.C.T.U., LILYDALE. " FOR GOD, t110Ml, AND HIU.MANITY." [CONTInlUTED.] On Mondlay, the 21st tilt., there wtas n very pleasant Mothers' Meetlin held. There was a good attendance of memntlers present. After the usual devotional exercises were gone through, a sister gave a paper on some of the causes which con duce to social mhpurity, stating that the foundation on which to build It healthy body, clean heart and clear brain is non sltimullhlti. ].nd diet plays a very signifirant part In the early and abnormal development of the animal insltinet. Tile child whose blood is rmade tat ind feorerish' nod whose nerves are trritale alnd excited bh) nwholesomle and stimulating foods and drink, is poorly prepared to resist the tempiatlios which are cerlalin to comie to it sooner or later. It has been written "Know ye not that your bodies are tile temples of thie Holy Ghost." ilow dare we defile them by such thinogs s s harmful foods ault unchaste Iinetage, the use of whllh by old sad young is as evil of the very greatest moment. It is too often ignored; anod persons not really bad at heart thought lessly clticlrage the evil by lnughllg at ibscene and ribald jokes Christ said. " Out of the ahundance of thie heart ttie mo1th spcaketh i every idle word that ten shall speak they shall . give account thereof til to day . of judgement ; by thy words thou shalt be condemnled." If we would keep a child's mind free fromt unwlllhoiesome thoughts, and to develop a chbnneter whichll will prompt to good and useful acts, then keep tile chili so oeculle I with mental and phlyslcal activities of a wholesmnle sort, that there will be no opportunity for tile developmllent of nentalll land monl uncleanliness t for tClltttll stanationl is all ilnertation to evil thoughts, and frol evil tlloughllts are born evil actions. If people would live itre lives take as gulde to their thIougllhts tile collunsel of tIle apostle Pliul t "Whllatsoever thillngl are true, whatsoever things are just, whlll. soever things are pure, whatsoever thing. are of good report, If there be anly virtue, anti if there be atny praise, thllik on these thlngs." So if we learnl to cultliulld our thoughts and keep them n It Ipure chbnnel we shall obey the law of purity in act. Figs do not grow oln thistles, neither do corrupt deeds grow out of pure thougllts. Tile year has gone quickly by anld once more the call hits colise to assemble our selves for our anniversary. We feel col fident that this gathering like thie two previous ones will be crowned with success if each indilvidal lelmber will labour to her ullnost il tihe cause which is so dear to us all. Coultd we not make tills a splteial ani this year? More workers are needed I let every member try to bring one at least into tile ranks this 'year, aind so double oar mlelmbership. I believe tihat if our members were to Ile asked ltie question,," IHow dlid you comi to joln the W.C.T.U. ?' tihe answller it nine eises out of tell would lie, " llecause Mrs. So-and.-o asked Ie' to attend their nnliversraiy." achll lmemlber if sheso can du nothing iliire lcut; at iwlsnt speak of tile good work and say " Colloieiud see." 