■ LOCAL NEWS. The Omeo Ecchnbitc tent will hold their their quarterly meeting on Mondny next nt Mr. Mesioy’s, - A full, attendance of members are requisted; ■' ■ - . Hi it i To-day's St. Patricks Day sports will com bine n largo and attractive programme for the general public, and a large attendance is ex pected. The olmi'go for admission wiil be Is for adults ; all -children under ’lib! years of age will be admitted tree, .■. rite OiiEO^STANDAnD tips of Thursday’s races resulted in throe firsts and a' second— Not a bad .record for n first attempt 1.We have a 11 dead bird ” for tho Easter sports. A very enjoyable evening took place on Wednesday I&C;'fn connection witif the bporiV ing of tlio now Wesleyan church at Oassilis. A large number sat down to' tho bounteous tea .which had been provided by the Indies and everyone seemed to be thoroughly at home..... The building was gay widi decora tions,' which' showed' remarkable tasto on tho part of some of tho willing workers. After tho tea a’start Was made with the public meet-, ing. The ■ltev;; II. S. Heath occupied tho' chair, and during tho evening rend n siate-'. meut of- receipts and .expenditure, .showing tliat a somewhnt seriouB debt remains on'the I building;'1 This; however, would be consider-: ably lessened, by the proceeds of-the- tea meeting. A good programme' wits" gone' . through;]consisting of 6olos, quartette) qml • recitations. The piano (kindly lent by Mr, Wilson) was manipulated in a skilful manner by MissOunnirighain. A comprehensive vote of thanks was heartily accorded to nil-"who' had assisted .iu. bunging t|ie first lea meeting in theGull_y.t6.such a successful issue.1; A man •name) James Clyne, prospector, left tho race otiirss between (I."an I 'Q,JJ3 on Thursday evening, and oa tho road James Braid saw him fall olf Ins horse. He was picked up at 1 o’clock yesterday morning by Mr. G. Du Yd and found to bo dead. An In' quest was hold on the body ycshmkty by Mr. T. Easton J.l’., and Dr, Taylor gave evidence that the deceasedsliowolsymptoms o£ former, pericarditis and other rganlo diseases, and (lie cause of dcatli was rupturo of the nurtn. Verdict; accidental death. It is ia|',o|y that a ‘ghost story possesses anything novel iniis incidents, but we think tho following one is worthy of ropetitiqn, ns a counterfoil to Mr, Andrew Lang, who is the latest defender of their existence. Tills par. Dcuhfr ghost was in the habit of wandering about the vicinity qf q church yard in Devon, siiire, and on meeting a mortal, exclaiming, II Show mo my grave.” A realjy excellent cry for a ghost to go to the couutry with after dark, and which had n quite triumphant effect in several oases. Ho nt Iasi had the mlgf.orfijDO to meet with an individual too far advanced ii; )iuqQr to be terrified by auy observation, and yuc liable Iq bq jrlitated by egotistic inquiry. Tho ghost and he fell ouj and eventually into a pond, from which, tiie former, divested of all spiritual pretences, fjed to his bed, and is confined to it, from inilnonva, P);e is truly sorry for him, for “show'ine my'grqvo" a fine addition to tho ghostly vqenbulury, m>d'delicately sug gests intoxication, winch is qulie a iiovvliy in the world of spirits. Messrs. Gresson and l'tylah will condiicf. a sale of household furniture nud effects ni Mrs. Middleton’s hoarding house, on Monday nciff, ij. 1 St o’clock. A thing worth dojug |s worth doing well. , A^tb^g worth advenisTijg is worth q.tyepijs, , Tire enterprising advertiser proves Hint he . understands how to buy, heeause in ,advert is ing lie knows how to sell, ’ i’eqplo Who advertise onee only in three |; mciniis forget tlint most folks cannot re- s member uuyi hiug mure than three days, e 