AMONGST THE MEDIUMS.! NO. II. By Rita. Now tins ib tho gist of what the mediums give ub in paraphrase. One after another says to one member of the oirclo after another, “ I’m well imd happy in spirit land, and I hope yon will not mourn me—I am always thinking of you (or Xom or Harry, according to' the family tios of the spirit) give my best love to them all. I have not visited you before, bocauso you did not sit with the right medium (here tho medium can do a little fiuBinoss for herself) ; now you may expeot many visits from me through Mrs Blank (more business). Well, 1 must be going now. Good-bye.” And then the medium seeks her chair, exhausted, rests, and after a hymn has been sung, comes forward and repeats the same thing in muoh the same lauguage, with the variation of such details as the questions of the sitter—say last night— BUggest it would be satisfactory to introduce to-night. Anything else she pioks up from the conver sations before and after tho oirole sits. Long confabulations take place between regular sitters and tho medium, hut with all new oomers it is very brief, and on tho safe side; but all begin and end more or less after the style of the preeis given above. Indeed.it was the “ I’m well-and-happy-no- more-at-pre sent ” style, that reminded me of the immigrants, and gavo the clue to an analysis of the medium’s speeches. The former will always diotato just about the same, because they have few ideas and not many words with whioh to express them; for the same reason tho mediums know not infinite variety. 'j hey all conduct their seanoes in roomB lit by a small lamp, -which ia turned low, and “ blocked," as one lady expressed it—that is, books are placed in front of it till the room is almost in darkness, save for a flic Kerin a dis tant oorner. They all sing hymns while the medium is going off, a process involving sundry dramatic shivers. They all have one or two friends in the circle who seem to mind “ tho front of the houRe," as theatrical people say. These friends colleot the money, talk amiably to everyone, and ask questions in a guileless, careless way ; the information so gleaned may or may not be told to the medium, but I have heard quite enough told to the friend of the medium in live minutes for tho medium to tell the inquirer something plausible next night. These friends of the medium all pretend to bo more or less olairvoyant, and to be domin ated by this or that spirit. They sit passing their hands over their foreheads ex plaining it is to prevent some spirit from having “ control" or to dismiss'one that is bothering, and so on. This game goes on so persistently it must have some raison d’etre and I should not be surprised to hear that tho bush telegraph is clumsy compared to it as a means of signalling "dangor," “caution,” “go on ahead," etc., to the medium. One marked instance confirmed this sus picion . The medium's friends sat in cirole be tween me and another stranger, both ol us being well watched and questioned. The medium was one of the foremost here—a well-spoken woman, who scorned to ask questions herself. She moved cautiously, feeling her way. AddroBsing me, she said, “There is an old lady looking at yon ; Bhe loves you.” Immediately her friend in the circle said to mo with intense feeling, “There! Can it bo your mother, dear? Is she dead?" Against my wish—for it is hidoona to even appear to permit these people to talk with one’s dead—I was obliged to say yes, as sho waited my answer. Bhe passed her hands over her faoo, and the medium aunebed forth thus in a delighted sort of way : “Such a dear old lady, with grey hair and Bhe Eiiys she wants to spoak to ^ Now, I paid my shilling to see what went on and most oarefully refrained from asking for anyone’s spirit, so felt quite justified iu saying coldly, “ Thank you, I don't wish to speak. It is not my mother, ohe died before she was old and whilo hor hair was black. Yon have made a groat mistako.” Iherewas just the least sensation when I said this hut the woman took it coolly and said, “ Yob, dear, I did make a mistake; tho guide says ho said it was your grandmothor. I didn’t understand him at first.’’ Sho wont on to;tbe others, and the matter dropped. This reminds mo to mention two things. Every spirit is supposed to he led by a guide who answers questions, and announces often that the spirit sought cannot speak to-night, hut will nextnight. Thisafteryouhave been invited to askouestions of tho guide or spirit, and so give a fair amount of assistance to the medium. Then to others who have evidently been through this, tho spirit is allowed to speak a little, but directly questions become troubleBomo the guido announces to the medium he must take the spirit back, and the no-mora- at-presontbusinesBis repeated. The other thing is this, that no matter what occurs the mediums have a patter or an answer to meet it; thoy are like eols tho way they wriggle and hoist out of an awkward situation. Some people think a well framed question or two would nonpluB them. Such ones should take their little questions along and try. It is not my experience. It is their gam e, and has to he played their way, and if you won’t play their way, why, you are not in the game, as school ohildron have it. The way to play the game is this : go and ask to see your Baintod great-great- grand motker; the spirit guido will bring her ; then he or tho medium will announoe Bhe cannot speak to-night. After oirole tell the medium or her friend what yon think would be a fair thing to expect a sainted great-great-grand mother to say, and sho will say it sandwiched between the precis of the mediums formula I gave above; then you must say spiritualism is a fine, satisfying, elevating game for a great mind, and the medium is a marvel, and come every week and bring a friend and pay. Presently, as they get to know yonr history, they will tell you they have a private message to _ give yon, and in veighs you into a private sitting, fee os for the first, 2s Cd for all others (some others charge os every time) and the spirit tells you to come every week-—good business again. So muoh for generalities applying to every medium I have seen. Next, a fbw' brief particulars, and they must be much condensed, for' mediums arc nothing if not prolix. Yet often one would have as little sense of humor as Mrs Triplet not to be amused. I was told the medium most esteemed by the spiritualists would sit in circle at 7.30 that night, and resolved to be punctual to see the seance commenoe. Arriving at 7.30 I found by messages to her sitters she had pat it off till 8o’olockto suit Borne of them, so sat reading and waiting, In the room was a woman suffering from an internal com plaint, over which the medium, and an old woman called “ Granny,” positively gloated. All seemed to cherish the belief that when the right medium should bo found her tonoh would cure it, and tho medium reoommended another, to whom I will refer lower down as II a beautiful healer,” and said hor magnet ism might suit;the sufferers better than the peakor’s. •1 Granny" said she had never found a medium with magnetism strong enough for hor, and she had been spiritualist for years. She certainly looked tough. Then there was “ Sick a gettin’ up staits," and an old gentleman hailed by the trio in chorus as “ Daddy," came in. He pulled a small brandy flask out of his pocket, and gave it to the medium, saying, “ This is a remedy for toothache." She took it and thanked him. Then “Daddy” and “ Granuy ” had one of those ohnekfing flirta tions that it takes old hands to negotiate successfully. Meantime the medium had pnt her •' toothaobe mixture ” away, and put on a white cliuging dress, rather effective when the Unit) was turned down, giving her a ghost-like look. By quarter past eight there woro fourteen present, superior spiritualists for the most part. Tho woman with the internal disease had as much said about it as any deoent spirit could bo expected to say, even a spirit that spoke with lofty scorn for the usually accepted cause of and cure for the disease. Then somo one said “ Granny’s off. I had noticed the old woman falling asleep, as I thought, and wondered why she was not in bed. However, she was working np a trance. “Go to her; she's got something she wants to sty,” said one. Tne medium’s friend went and knelt in front of her, and eke sighed and slobbered over her for ten minutes, then said, " God bless you,” and woke. From remarks made ic seemed that “ Granuy’s ’ perfor mance that night was not up to the mark. It wnB a sufficiently sickening sight. I.atcr on “ Daddy " favored the company by " going off.” 'Now, his performance, I have no hesitation in pronouncing dispusting In faofc, I have never seen snob a sight any-, where. His attitude, as he sank in his chair with hiB head fallen limp, his chin on his breast, dribbling, his handB limp on each knee, and breathing hard, seemed too muoh for the medium’s friend, and another, who shook him and said, “ Daddy, sit np," in a way that Baid, “ do not bo idiotio ; you are overdoing it,” They got him into a bettor position, and the medinni placed her hands on his head and said, “ Poor Daddy, the magnetism to-night is too strong for him.” A superior man appealed to me to know if I could bob the spirit of his daughter Bitting on the medium’s knoea. I said “ No,” and he seemed disappointed. A woman—a sort j of Dot Fecrybingle—informed me she thought it great nonsouse. She had just put baby to bed, and slipped in to see it oat of curiosity, becauso her sister was in a developing class and she believed it would send her mad. Now, a developing claSB is where" sensitive young spirits,” to quote their teacher, are " brought on,” and becomo mediums. Here more olumsy tricks than thoBe that wrought tho ruin oi Herr Paulus are taught young girls from one guinea upwards! The medium who held the above seance and class was referred to aB a marvellous inspira tional speaker. She spoke fluently and cor rcctly, but with great paneity of ideas, vocabulary and style. "Jerusalem,” “ Golden City,” and “ Christmas Lilies ” consti tuted the poetio flights—thoy are often used for that purpose by speakers of a oertain taBto. Not a Bingle bright idea, beautiful metaphor nor finely-turned sentence esoaped her. Yet people, spiritualists, Bay she is very fine; it was milk and water, and Bky blue at that. Space precludes oven a glimpse at other circles, hut the “ boautifal healer" must not be forgotten. The “ beautiful,” it must be understood, applies to her alleged gift of healing, not to her face, which is not only plain but evil- looking. I heard of her for the first time at the cirole, and all the spiritual ists said she was clever, and Bbould be seen; her speciality is healing and private sittings at ob. She Las a oirele, but only stands and addresses people on a mixture of several re ligions, Eastern and WeBtem. She is on the highest plane of spiritualism, she says, and could not sit in the room with anyone who likes a table turned over or to hear a spirit rap. They are vulgar manifestations for the vulgar of a beautiful religion, of wbioh she and one or two cloot hold the key. She has been in tbe Holy of Holies, and jumping tables will never satisfy her as they onoe did. Everyone seemed to say a sitting with her would lift one into another utmoBphoro, and was the sort of thing aninquiror ought to seek. [[ have sinoe learned what I did not know, that these mediumB not only recom mend people from medium to medium here, but to mediums in other colonies, and send all particulars to the medium, who thus geta a groat reputation amongat travellers, who mention their experiences on a voyage.] It had also been forced upon me that it was only half playing the game not to ask for a spirit When I askod the “beautiful healer’’ if she thought she could bring my aister’s spirit for a conversation she said, “ 1 always suc oeed, no matter who fails. Sit you here. 1 may lake some time going off, but when I do, just talk as if your siBter woro here." Sitting examining her bottles of oil uBed for robbing those she heals and somo other, articles of her stock-in-trade on the table near, she took mo unawareB when ehe dabbed out her hand and gasped in a whirlwind of delight, “ Sister ! here I am at last. How I've longed for this. It was your spirit-guide brought you to Mrs Blank. Then, in vcr bosB style, was given the stock patter given in preois above, and more in the same style. Then, grasping my hand very tightly, she said, “ What friends we would havo been if I had lived, bat it was not to be, yon see. It iB all for the beat, You can't Bee it. You are blinded with grief, hut I can see it.” Then—and, gentlemen, it is recordod with the same sorrow with whioh it wsb heard—she said men are had 1 Oh, so very, very bad, deceivers, and many other names too numerous and impolite to mention were said to describe your characteristics to a nicety. Then she said, “ Why don’t you speak to mo ? Lot me hoar your voice again.” Now, really, I had thought so little of the matter I had not framed a question, and staggered by the request, had not a thing to say. After a pause this came, bat it sounded hollow, and did not please me. “Of oourse, I’m very glad to see yon.” The spirit reoipro cated the feeling. Then, unable to think of anything more intellectual, I said, “ De scribe your present home and life,” and in two brief minutes repented this idiocy, for the medium waB off like a rocket, and took about fifteen minutes to say over and over again that it was a beautiful and happy home, inhabited by beautiful spirits who took a keen interest in the dwellers on earth, and who were always ready to yarn whou wanted. Farther ques tions were invited, hut not pat, so the medium shivered, awoke, took her fee, and said any time I over wanted to speak to my sister again she would tnako an exception, and only charge 2s fid, for the girl was a beautiful spirit aud far advanoed in spirit land, and she expected as she got in touch with ns, would have something to say that we Bhoald hear. It is necessary to ' state here that I never had a sister, though simple cowardice pre I vonted the fact being stated to the medium, I Baid to an ex-spiritualist, Surely there is something more than theso silly games and this Billy patter to bo fonnd ?” He said not in those eiroles where you pay your shilling for yonr chair and that are ODen to everyone. That’s a fair sample. There are more re fined private circles, but only believers or those vouched for by friends as earnest in quirersean go. (It shouldhava been mentioned above that the mediums annonnee at the publio circle that they will “ ajt ”. with a few friends in private on suoh a 'night and ask friends to pass round thein timation, one medium remarking that he had forbidden .so and so £o 'come to tho publio seance, where .hard spirits sometimes came as she was sensitive, and had to be kept from all soeptioul in fluence till strongor. Then in these private | circles you find much the same thing as else ! where. They know eaoh [other and the history of anyone they bring or set a confederate to find ont for sooial intercourse is part of the game, these lower class mediums just parody what their betters do. Then spiritualism is not the same to-day as it was in my young days: then, it at tracted a different class, now it is played out comparativolv. A great many former spiritualists have, like myself, embraced the osophy. Oh, yea, eiroles investigate hore aud there, but the palmy days of spiritualism arc over. Yes, the exposures had something to do with it. , Do the eiroles pay?—Well, formerly, yes. Nobody grudged a shilling and 20 or fiO would drop in twice a week for the fun of the thing. But not now. You see the size of the circles. Bad times have affected it like everything else. ....... .. How verj’ mundane of spiritualists to allow “ had times ” and a consideration for paltry shillings to affect them. One would think that tho intellects that seek and require the mental pap dished up for them would rise superior to “ shillings ” and “ times." But they do not, it seems. Even beings “all soal" like the modiums have a regard for the ••shillings.” Just another instance of the weak little traits and foibles sometimes found in truly great people. Even a medium can not ho great all round at “price one shil ling.’’ _____________ Russia still has many odd and curious marriage customs* One is for the bride and bridegroom to race rapidly down the aisle as soon as the bridal procession en ters the church, because ol tho belief that whichever places a foot first on cho cloth iu front of the altar will be master in the household. 