An Oasis. At half-past 5 Mr. Muir closed his desk, and with a sigh of satisfaction prepared to go home. Stopping a moment in the outer office, he noticed that Murchieson had just lighted the argand burner over his desk and was apparently alone. A cheery " good night" was on his lips, when a thought struck him, and, walking around the corner of the high book keeper's desk, he said: " Murohieson, would you like to go to the theatre this evening? I have a good seat at Daly's for to-night's per formanoe, but Mrs. Muir has wired me to meet her at the Grand Central, so you're weloome to it if you oare to go." ' The honest old faoe looked up with an expression of pleased surprise as the kind gray eyes blinked from behind the glasses out into the aemi-obsourity beyond the radius of light from the burner. " Why—l would indeed, Mr. Muir; it would be a rare treat. It's a long tiuio Bince I went to the theatre." " I suppose when you get home yon are too tired to go out very often. You keep pretty long hours, Murchieaon; I've frequently thought you ought not to work a3 hard as you do." "The work doesn't hurt me," Marchieson said slowly; "it keeps me from thinking too much over old times, and when I get home I sleep well. But that isn't the reason I don't go out more; I oan't afford it." " Why, how is that ? Theatre tiokets don't oost muoh 1" " No; but my wife was an invalid for several years before she died, and her illness, together with other expenditures, took all our little savings, and left me in debt. I am only just beginning to get on my feet again." " Murchieson, ho# long have you been in my employ ?" " H'm 1 let me see; I guess it must be more than fifteen years, sir." " And during that time you haven't missed more than a day or two from business, altogether. Haven't had a rise in your salary for over seven years, either, have you ?". " No, sir; but I haven't earned any more." " Let's see; you had a partner in business, and were quite well placed once, were you not?" " Yes, sir, np to the time I was 35. My father left me quite a little fortune, whioh I in vested in my old ohum Wells's business aa partner, and my wife was connected with some of the best families in town; so we went out a good deal after we were married; before that I lived mostly at the club. Then Wells dis appeared, taking with him every cent we had in the world, and, after we had struggled for bare existenoe for a few years, you were good enough to offer me this position." " I should have thought that suoh an ex perience would have embittered your whole life, Murohieson, yet you never seem dis contented." " Why should I be, Mr. Muir ? I've had happier days; no one can take them from me. My wants are few, my health is good, and I have work enough to Keep me busy. A man oan't ask for much more at my time of life." " Well, here's your tioket, and I hope you'll have a pleasant evening. Good night. . . . Hold on!" Mr. Muir looked carefully around to see that no one was near, and then, coming around behind the desk again, said, " Murohie son, in those—those—other days—when you were a young man and went to evening enter tainments, I suppose you went in style—even ing clothes, gloves, and all that, hey ?" ••Why—ye—es, sir," with the ghost of a smile of tender reoolleotion, "I—l believe—l dressed as—as correctly as possible." " Well, look hero; I want you to have a real good time to-night—something like the old days. You've earned it, old boy. Now, you haven't any evening clothes, have you?" "No, sir; but " "Never mind the 'but'; and don't take offenoo at my proposal, please. My boy Harry has a suit at home whioh will just about fit you; the latest out, you know, and all that. He won't be back from Egypt for several months, so there is no reason why you can't wear it. I'll send it down with my brougham at 7 o'clock, and. here are $25 for the other fixings, hat, gloves, tie—you know what to get —and they'll come in handy some other time, perhaps. Now close up the office, and have as good a time as you can crowd into one evening. ' Go for some supper aftor the performance, and —and keep John as late as you please—put yourself back fifteen years—have a jolly time— good night." Murohieson would have protested, but he saw that Mr. Muir would really feel hurt if his proposal were not accepted in the spirit in which he offered it; so he simply grasped the other's hand, and with a grateful look from the gray eye 9, which somehow seemed a little dim just then, said: " Thank you, Mr. Muir, I will try. Good night." As he stood there alone, looking down at the hurrying crowd of homeward-bound business men, whose faces were tinged with ruddy light from the Nassau-street shop windows, a flood of old memories came rushing through his mind memories of the days when he himself was a bright, happy young fellow like any of those down there on the sidewalk, and had money to spend, good clothes to wear, and hosts of friends to smile a welcome at him in a hundred different places. He took his glasses off and polished them, absently, as a growing excitement began to take possession of him. He put the ticket carefully away in one of his waistcoat pockets ; and with nervous eagerness, bnt none the less method and neatness, put the books away, put on a neat but well-worn over* coat and woollen mittens, closed the safe, and put out the light; then walked carefully down the dark stairs and along the brilliantly lighted Btreets, with the restless orowd, to the nearest Btation of the "elevated." He decided that he would purchase a silk hat, gloves, dress shirt, and tie at one of the uptown shops, as being the most likely to have what was absolutely correct in style, and by half-past 6 had secured what he considered necessary to guarantee him a gentlemanly appearance; for he had unconsciously noticed the well-dressed men whom he saw down town, and so kept in touch with prevailing good taste. By the time he reached his boarding-place he was in suoh a flutter of pleased anticipation that he could scarcely tell good Mrs. We3ton of the treat in store for him, and hurried through his dinner 30 as to have plenty of time to shave and dress. " One should always be careful about one's personal appearanoe, you know, Mrs. Weston, especially when one is going into the presenoe of ladies at an ovening affair." He spent twice the usual time over his shave, for fear that he should out himself, and when Mrs. Weston came puffing upstairs at half past 7 with a bundle containing the evening clothes and a handsome overcoat, and told him that " there was a gran' kerridge, with a Hinglish coachman, awaitin' for him below," his breath almost stopped. Somehow, as he got into the glossy black trousers and dazzlingly white embroidered shirt, he began to feel more like the gay "Larry Murohieson" of the old days, and unconsciously gave a neat upward twist to the white moustache. The old hands had lost their cunning in the knaok of tying a bow, and motherly Mrs. Weston was called in to render needful assistance. When he oame to put on the dress-coat and adjusted a white rose in the button-hole, she felt, with a sensa tion of real embarrassment, that the fine-look ing elderly gentleman before her must be some stranger from the far-off social world of which she had often read, and not her old friend and lodger these many years. "Mr. Murohieson dressed in swell olothes And going away in a oarriage! Impossible!" He purposely left a little early in order to make sure of not by aooident being late at the theatre; for he belonged to the good old sohool which considered it a breach of courtesy to annoy others by coming in late during the first act. He had never been in the handsome new theatre at Broadway and Thirtieth-street, so that he was quite startled by the stopping of the brougham in front of the building and the opening of his door by a liveried attach^. Then a fresh thought gave him another twinge of anxiety: "Suppose that Mr. Muir had mistaken the night, or there should be any thing the matter with the ticket ?" No ; with a friendly bow that was in itself reassuring the doorkeeper admitted him, and an usher respectfully showed him to an excellent seat in the fourth row from the stage. The truth was—though honest Murchieson would have been the last to make capital of such a thing—he was, in his festive attire, every inch the gentleman ; and the consciousness of being quite respeotable. as far as appearances went, had brought back not a little of the old easy oarriage and manner. As the theatre began to fill with well-bred people, and as, with his own feeling of kind goodwill toward all mankind, he fancied the pleasant faoes gave him here and there a courteous glance of recognition, his nervousness partially disappeared, and he Bettled down with a Bense of tremulous con tentment. A sweet young girl, who looked as if she might have been his daughter, rather than that of her stout escort, took the vaoant seat on hi 3 right, and a fine-looking old gentleman was on the other side. The little Chinese boy in the lobby had given him two programmes, one of which he folded in the old-fashioned way and courteously handed to the young lady, who accepted it graciously. The orchestra began to play a medley of old English airs. Ah, how well he remembered them! Occasionally, as some sweet song floated through the house, he hummed the air, softly, under hi 3 breath. The curtain rose, and as Lady Sneerwell's guests arrived tears of delight began to gather in the dear old man's eyes. He forgot the audience, even the girl by his side; the aotors themselves were but the moving figures in a sweet dream of the olden time. How many famous Lady Sneer wells he had seen, and Lady Teazles and Sir Peters. There were good old John Gilbert and Mrs. Drew—somehow the Charles Surfaoe here to-night reminded him of her. Could it be possible ? no—yes—he really was her son! She and Gilbert might be living, and Billy Florence, and many of the old orowd of years ago. Then the still earlier days, when, as a little boy, he went with 1113 parents—who had been exceedingly fond of the play—to hear the elder Wallack, at what was formerly Brougham's Lyceum, near Broome-street, but then known as " Wallack's"—ay, and hi 3 son, John Lester, who succeeded him about the close of the war. He had also an indistinct recollection of being taken to hear the Ravels at Niblo's Garden, and hearing his mother tell of Mile. Garoia's wonderful singing at the old Park (Bow) Theatre, and had afterwards himself heard her as tho famous Malibran. There was Laura Keene, whom he had heard at her New Olympic Theatre, near Houston-street on Broadway. Then came his youthful days as a clubman. He remembered the time when some of the most stylish girls in town considered it not beneath their dignity to spend an afternoon tit old Barnum's Musuem, that stood where the old Herald building now is; the nights when he and his dear wife had shuddered at the realistio acting of Edwin Forrest and Vanden hoff; enjoyed the Claxtons in the "Two Orphans," and the old stook company at the Union-square, when Stoddard, Parsell, Thome, Sarah Jewett, and Maude Harrison played the "Banker's Daughter." As he breathlessly followed each beautiful and artistic bit of act ing how many an evening of his married life was recalled; how he and the dear dead wife had appreciated Sir Peter and Lady Teazle in many a former "Sohool for Scandal," and jokingly advised eaoh other to profit by the lesson I How jolly Sir Harry Bumper's song reoalled many a night at the club in bygone days— Hero's to the maiden of bashful fifteen; Now to the widow of fifty; Hero's to the flaunting, extravagant quean, And here's to tho housewife that's thrifty. Let the toast pass; Drink to the lass ; I'll warrant sho'll prove an esouse for the glass. Ah, how many a Bweet face eaoh man of them had toasted over countless glasses of honest punoh ! His keen enjoyment and thorough appreciation interested the girl at his side not a little, and she nodded smiling assent to the delighted Bide glances he cast at her now and then when something pleased him. At last tho curtain fell, and, while the audience slowly left, he sat thinking it all over, with a gentle regret that the performance had ended. The lights were turned out before he could tear himself away from the sense of companionship and dreams of the old associations that ghostlike haunted the empty theatre. John had almost given him up when at last he came out to the carriage and told him to drive to Delmonico's. As he stood in the crowded hall, waiting a moment for a vacant table in the dining-room, he thought of the Delmonioo's on fourteenth street, and of the "Blue Rooms" in the old days when the cream of the city's wit and fashion gathered there. Surely the smiling major-domo who now beokoned him to a ohoice little table in the Fifth-avenue corner, with what seemed a friendly recognition, must be the •'Henri" of " Old Del's," or at least his twin brother. What a keen sense of hatt-forgotten satisfac tion and comfort ran like a shiver through him as his trembling hands touohed (he crisp damask and toyed with the dainty orystal table service! The delicious oysters, how long had it been since he tasted any served like this ? His eyes wandered, as he sat half bewildered by tho babel of conversation and the striking colours of the costumes, from one fair faoe to another, from this bald head and grizzled whisker to that portly figure and wrinkled faoe, in vain search for some familiar countenance; but though several times he thought a lady or gentleman resembled some one he had known, he realised that he was, after all, among strangers. A newer set had superseded the friends of his day. Possibly this feeling left something wanting in his otherwise keen enjoyment, and gave a wistful expression to the kind old faoe; for several gentlemen and ladies at neighbouring tables seemed to notice it, and smiled pleasantly towards him as they caught his eye. Presently one of the gentlemen who had been carefully scrutinising his faoe for several moments rose from his table and oame over to him: " I trust you'll parden me if I'm mistaken, sir. but yon remind me very strongly of my old friend Larry Murchieson, whom I haven't seen for years." Murohieson rose hastily, and, as he warmly grasped the other's hand, said, with lips that would quiver a little: "Is it possible! George fienton! You don't know how pleased lam to see you, old fellow! Sit down and join me in a little supper. Tell me what you have been doing sinoe I saw you last." " With pleasure; but first let me bring Sneed over from our table. You remember Sneed—'Billy' Sneed—one of the old Union Club boys. Say, look here, Larry, this place won't do for all we've got to say. Come down to the club, and we'll get Parker to make us a bowl of his punoh. You remember Parker's punoh; of course you do. Come on." Even the most callous man or woman of the world can appreciate little touobes here and there of the sweet, kindly feeling that nestles close to the core of honest human hearts, and those who saw this little incident, and imagined, with a greater or less degree of accuraoy, the story behind it, went home that night in a softer mood than usual, and were the better for it. How familiar the general air of club in dividuality was! And as here and there some well-remembered faoe nodded recognition, and Parker, smiling a cheery welcome, said: " Glad to Bee you back again Mr. Murchieson; it's a long time since you were in the club, but I think I should have known you anywhere," the years seemed to be blotted out. Once more he was " Larry Murohieson," with a comfort able home, a oh arming wife, hosts of friends, and the entrfie into the best houses in town. Then the punoh—made as only Parker knew how to make it—how it warmed and cheered the dear old heart; how it loosened the tongue, and brought back the memories and feelings of other days! They took possession of one of the smoking rooms, lighted only by the great open fire, and two wax candles on the table by the punch, and as song after song, story after story, reminiscence of this or that friend, some still living, some gone to the land of oalni and shadows, followed in rapid succession, the long years of trouble, sorrow, privation, and dull, monotonous struggle for existence were 'forgotten. The glowing five- log oast grotesque shadows on the walls, and the haze of fragrant smoke was peopled with dream faces of the olden time. It was after 1 o'clock when John left him at the humble house in Barrow-street, and as he softly opened the door and went up to his room he could scarcely realise that it was all over. The south window let in a flood of silvery moonlight that illumined every artiole —the neat but threadbare business Buit lying as he had left it across the foot of the bed; the overcoat and hat on the hooks; the mittens, inkstand, and Bible on the walnut table; the dozen or more well-chosen books, his meagre library, on the shelves in the corner; and the pictures of the dear wife and laughing blue eyed child on the bureau. Looking at them he noticed a book of fairy stories that had onoe belonged to "little Grace," and on its cover was a picture pf Cinderella. " Ah!" he thought, " I algo have been to the • Prince's ball,' but I brought home no ' glass slipper.'" Then he undressed, carefully brushing and folding the handsome clothes, and, kneeling in the soft moonlight before he went to bed, said the little earnest prayer which he had taught G«we years ago. Long before Mr. Muir was up that morning Murohieson left the olothes in a neat paroel at the door, and was at work over his books as usual when his employer reaohed the offioe. C. H. New in Harper's Bazar. 