LETTY BYRNE'S SECRET 'Thank Heaven I thank Heaven I my lord you were right ! You are right I This is the passage ! And with a raging whoop he ran into it, closely followed by Lord Rex. They soon reached a wall so exactly like the one before which they had so lately stood that it was not astonishing that Maddox had been completely deceived. A very few seconds sufficed to open the passage. They found themselves in a small chamber, from which they emerged into a narrow passage similar to those they had just traversed. It ended in a flight of ascending steps, at the top of which was another horse shoe gallery with five branching passages. Maddox took the middle one. 'You are sure you are right this time, Maddox? asked Lord Rex. ' It won't do to lose any more time.' 'I know I am right, iny lord,' replied Mad dox, emphatically, adding, in tones of sincere regret : ' I hope your lordship will forgive me my blunder and my weakness too. You won't findeme giving out that way again. But you don't know how I felt. It was like being nailed in your coffin without a breath of air I I thought every minute I'd suffocate to death I 'It was not a pleasant situation,' replied Lord Rex, 'and I think I can safely trust you for the future.' As he spoke Maddox commenced mount ing another flight of steps. It was a short flight with a narrow passage at the top. They quickly traversed this, stopping be. fore a half-dozen steps. ' Here we are, my lord I' cried Maddox, joyfully, pointing upward to an iron bar fastened in staples. ' That, you see, corres ponds to the one we secured at the jail. I had a tough time getting this bar into the staples without help, I can tell you, my lord I' • I should imagine so, indeed I' answered Lord Rex, as together they removed it and placed it on the landing. The massive stones moved under Maddox's impelling hand, and in a moment he had clambered up through the opening and re ceived the lantern and bundles from Lord Rex, who quickly followed them. ' My lord, you could make your own way in and out if you were hunted down to this, couldn't you ?' asked Maddox, as he turned and took.up the lantern. ' Easily,' replied Lord Rex, ' but I hope never to be driven to it.' ' I hope not, too, my lord,' said Maddox, holding up the light; ' but for all that you'd better take a good look about you and fix the exact spot in your mind. Sometimes a few seconds saved is a life saved.' Lord Rex did so. It was a great, ghoulish- looking vault, ren dered all the more ghoulish by the ghastly receptacles, with their ghastly contents, which confronted them on all sides. It ain't a paradise here, my lord,' said Maddox, with a shidr, as they hurried on under his lead, 'It'has an awful smell of dead men's bones I But here we are.' And with the words be removed a stone in the wall and took from behind it a mons strous key thoroughly oiled and wrapped. He fitted it to the lock of the. massive door before which Lord Rex was anxiously waiting. , He had oiled the'loe iwell at his last visit and it yielded readily and almost noislessly. They stepped from the vault to a small, circular chamber which led by a short flight of steps to another door. In this chamber was stored a rich com munion service and a number of bottles of wine. Maddox locked the vault door and placed the key-'in a hiding nLace similar to that from which he had taken it, .directing Lord Rex's attention to its exact locality. 'I don't suppose anybody's Oeen in that vault. I took an impression of the lock, and had:thekey made in London, and this one at the same time,' he added, as he sprang up the steps with ore taken from the cavity in which he had just secreted the vault key. He quickly adjusted it to the lock withbut a sound. He even turned to. Lord Rex. ' Now, my lord' be whispere J, ' we must do without a light. This door opens into the vestry room, and we must grope our way to the street. I know it pretty well, fortunately, and now we'll pull on our woollen socks. There's not one chance in a hundred that there'll be anybody about ; but we can't be too careful.' In a few._minutes they had extinguished ihe light, and, with it hidden in Maddox's bundle, slipped noiselessly into the vestry room. The long, narrow, slit-like .windows proved the impossibility of escape in that .direction, and thieycrept into the church to the front entrance, Maddox explaining that that of the vestry room was often haunted by a police man, more than one attempt' having been made to rob the church by tbat.'entrance. Before inserting the key Maddox knelt down, and placing his ear to the hole, listened intently. The street was quiet. He rose and whispered hurriedly, as they removed their socks: ' I don't expect anytrouble, my lord, but it's well to be ready for it. If it should come and we should be chased we must part com pany, and meet as soon as possible at the coast. In spite of our set-backs st'll make it before day, thank heaven I unless some thing new stops us. Then, if the old man won't let us have the fishing smack by fair means, be will by foul 1 We can't afford to stahd on ceremony with your neck in danger 1' SYour proposition is a good one,' returned Lord Rex, hastily. *'We will'meet at the coast in case of separation.' Maddox opened the door a crack and made a hurried reconnoissance from his position. SAll right, my lord I' be briefly announced, and steppedboldly out to the pillared portico. Assuring himself by a lightning glance that Maddox was correct, Lord Rex drew a deep breath of mingled relief and thankfulness as he followed. 'Freel Free ' be muttered in a low, choking voice, as Maddox locked the door behindhim.' "Free ! Free I Thank heaven for her sake.' And a rush of tears blinded him for a moment as be thought of the emotions with which his beautiful and devoted wife would hear of his flght. As he spoke, two figures, which were lurk ing in the deep shadow of one of the massive pillars when Maddox issued from the church, suddenly rose noiselessly to their feet, their glittering eyes fixed dangerously upon them. A whispered word was exchanged between them, and they instantly emerged froin the shadow, and with snake-like sinuosity crept nearer and nearer the unsuspecting Lord Rex and Maddox. As Lord Rex hastily bru.hed away his tears, and Maddox withdrew the key, the pair made a furlous rush. Taken wholly by surprise, and at the greatest disadvantage, both were instantly overpowered. 'Ho ! to i' exclainmedl their assailants, int smothered tones, 'So this? is your game, is it ?' Neither Lord Rex Ahern nor Maddox were men to weakly succumb to even over powering numbers,'and finding that it was only a battle of man against man, they fought with a desperation that quickly turned their first defeat to victory.. ' We only wanted a share of your cursed booty I' panted Lord Rex's antagonist, sullenly, as he found himself. being worsted. ' Our booty I echoed Lord Rex, in amaze ment. ' I guess we ain't fools I' retorted the man. ' I guess we knowed you'd been in there for the silver service I Before Lord Rex could make any reply Maddox cried, as he settled his man : 'We'll keep our booty for ourselves, you dirty rascals 1' And then, as Lord Rex flung off his antagonist, he added, hastily, ! Come I come ! my lord I' But a new and more formidable danger threatened them I At the very instant that Maddox spoke they were startled by a wild rush of hurry ing feet, followed by an impetuous dash up the portico steps. ' Great Heavens i' muttered Lord Rex and Maddox in a breath. And with a despairing groan the former crushed his bat over his brows, .at the same time stooping for the bundles which lay al most under his feet. He snatched them up with incredible quickness and turned to dash after Maddox, who had already cleared the steps. Too late I A powerful grasp had fastened itself on his collar, half.choking him as it drew him violently backward. At the same time a gruff voice cried harshly behind him: ' Not so fast I Not so fast !' adding, with increased harshness, as Lord Rex made a frantic and abortive attempt to break away : 'You are my prisoner I I know you i and I'll black your eyes for you if you don't keep quiet.' CHAPTER XX. THE man in whose grasp Lord Rex thus un expectedly found himself was a policeman, his burly frame making him a most dangerous antagonist. But bhe was not destined to an easy victory. Maddox, who had dashed down the steps expecting Lord Rex to be as successful as himself in getting off, was quickly on the scene again. He dealt the policeman a crushing blow, which sent him reeling against the church door, and with Lord Rex beside him, once more cleared the steps. They ran like men who had need to run, turning every few steps to learn whether-they were pursued. Finally assured that they were not, they dropped to a more moderate pace; but, anxious to leave the town behind them, they walked with the greatest rapidity. 'We have lost time !' panted Lord Rex, anxiously, when he could at last speak. ' What if Bloxy should get star:ed before we reach his hut ? It would be most disastrous, Maddox 1' 'We will make it, my lord. We will march on the double-quick as soon as we've breathed ourselves a bit '. cried Maddox, determinedly. ' Maddox, this won't do !' exclaimed Lord Rex, suddenly, with an emphasis that brought Maddox's eyes in alarm to his face. ' Do you know you called me ' my lord' before those ruffians?' ' I did not know it I' cried Maddox, look: ing utterly aghast. What if the rascals noticed it I Of course they'll report it, if they did, as soon as your escape is published I' ' That we need not agitate ourselves about now,' replied Lord Rex calmly. We must only guard against the same mistake, in future. Hereafter, call me, Derby, and I. will call you Hilton.' 'My lord-Mr. Derby, I mean,' said Mad dox, in some embarrassment, ' if your lord ship has no'particular objections, it would.be safer for me to call you uncle-you have a very gray bead you know, my lord ?' ' That's better I --tar better I' exclaimed Lord Rex, with an emphasis that set Mad dox's mind at rest. ' And now we must make up for lost time,' he concluded, increasing his pace to a run. The first faint streak of day was barely visiole in the east as they paused before old Bloxy's hut. They were in time, The little fishing smack lay before them, half on the sands I Their hearts bounded with delight at the sight. As they were about to rap for admittance, Bloxy appeared, with an armful of provisions for his-little 'locker. Hey I' cried the old man, starting.back in astonishment at the sight of Lord Rex and Maddox. 'Is your,name Bloxy ?' quickly asked the latter, distinguishing his voice. 'Ya.as,' drawled Blqxy, in his surprise, 'that's my name-Aaron Bloxy.' And he made the best use he could of his old eyes and the dull light. 'You have a nice little craft down there,' pursued Maddox. 'Yes, she's putty fair I' exclaimed the old fisherman, with unmistakable pride. 'I am just off in a couple. o' dars. She's little, but she's tough I And then she knows me 1' ', Both Lord Rex and Maddox waited the end of this speech with impatience. Every minute was inestimably precious to them. Maddox came to the point at once. •' I am glad to hear it,' he said, 'though it ain't the first time I've heard the same thing -and I've come to strike a bargain with'you. We want to hire or buy, just as you please.' My uncle here's a great waterman, and think's he!d like to go cruising about here for a couple of weeks.' ' Sell or buy My Nancy I' cried Bloxy in tones ofhorror. 'Why, you could as soon be a-biuyii of myself, man I' Maddox looked at Lord Rex, who instantly replied to the glance by a slight gesture. They had both anticipated this result and knew well that persuasion would be in vain. I'm srry,' 'said Maddox, quietly, 'but since my uncle must have his little cruise, you'll have to sell I' And with the words he caught the as tounded old fellow in his arms and quickly placed him in a chair and bound him with his own nets, Lord Rex finally holding before his eyes two notes which paid him munifi cently for all they intended to appropriate. Bloxy stared at them in amazement. SHey I' he cried. ' You pay well for what you steal anyhow I' ' I am sorry, very sorry to be obliged to treat you thus I' cried Lord Rex, sorrowfully, ' but-' ' Hey I hey I' interrupted Bloxy. ' You aint no old man I You aint no common' fel low; It seems somehow I've heard that voice afore I' And he looked keenly at Lord Rex. Terribly alarmed at this result of Lord Rex's forgetfulness, Maddox cried laugh ingly : 'See here, Mr. Bloxy, don't you be a fillin' my uncle with no such nonsense as that I Come, uncle, and help me pile a little more into this basket and we'll go down with it and fill the water cask.' They lost no time in making their prepara tions, and Bloxy looked on with a measure of cottent which increased as hlie silently con templated the notes Lord Rex had placed on the table beside him. Still from time to timne he would shake his head antd mutter; SI can't fix the voice I but it seems .as I'd heerd it afore I' Lord Rex did not return to the but after leaving it' with Maddox. But the latter went back and loosened Bloxy's bonds sufficiently to parmit of his releasing himself in the course of a few hours. The coast was still grey and forbidding looking in the early dawn, as, "under a stiff breeze, the little craft answered, with seeming joyousness, to helm and sail, and' bounded lightly from her anchorage. As she did so Maddox snatched his bat excitedly from his head and gave vent to his triumph and joy in a prolonged but stifled cheer. Not so Lord Rex. With folded arms he stood leaning against the mast, his eyes fixed in a strange gaze upon the-fast reced ing shore. Maddox's glad shout fell upon dull ears. He neither saw nor heard him-he bad, in deed, forgotten his presence. Presently he groaned in stifled tones ol deepest anguish : ' Farewell I Farewell to Englaud.. Fare well to love I to home !-to all that man holds most precious. Farewell. Farewell l' His voice failed him, .but he gazed on, motionless as a'statue, till the last faint blue line had utterly faded away and naught. but the heaving ocean could anywhere be seen. Then, with a deep sigh; he turned to Maddox, who, after his one impulsive out burst, had attended to his duties in respect ful and sympathetic silence. ' We'should- thank- God for our escape, Maddox,' he said, reverently. ' We have encountered some serious dangers, one' of which came near depriving me- of my. liberty for the second time. -My good friend,' he concluded, with much emotion, 'I shall never forget your faithfulness, and I pray God may reward you as you deserve -I' 'Now, my lord,-uncle, I mean-I'm only paying an old debt I' protested Maddox with a very suspicious twinkling in the eyes. ' You have made heavy payments on .that score I' returned Lord Rex, gracefully, adding immediaiely: ' But now let us turn to; the consideration of our future. You know we have not yet come to any fixed decision in regard to it, and it is time we should. We may be traced to Bloxy's.-By the-way I'' he exclaimed abruptly, ' when that officer seized me he declared be knew me l' me Hahb ' cried Maddox; -exclaiming in the next breath: 'He took you for some old bruiser, my-uncle. He didn't know you were Lord Rex Ahern, but I dare- say - he'll soon begin to suspect it. The jail must be in pretty much of an uproar by this time l' And Maddox indulged in an expressive chuckle. 'We are not yet out of danger,' replied Lord Rex gravely. And he immediately proceeded to map out various plans, weighing Maddox's intelli gent views with an attention very flattering to that individual. " While Lord Rex was thus occupied, Lady Rowena was standing at her boudoir window gazing out with heavy, dreamy eyes upon the sea. • She was about to descend to the break fast-room, though she looked far too.ill to make the exertion. She still moved and spoke in the strangely mechanical-way which had marked her since her parting with Lord Rex, and the pitiful hopelessness of her air as she joined the duke in the breakfast-room, touched him somewhat in spite of himself. He received her very kindly. Indeed, he had decided to let the past be buried.between them. 'Why. need I torment her?' he had thought the previous day. ' Till the wretch is strung up I can have her quietly- and effectually watched, and after that things will naturally slip into the old grooves. Thank heaven, it: won't be my son-in-law that kicks ouit "his life on the gallows 1 The Divorce Court has kindly spared me that ignominy?' . They were about to seat themselves at the breakfast table when the butler entered with the post-bag which had just arrived. The duke ordered him to put it aside till after breakfast, but glancing'at Lady Rowena he quickly countermanded the order. There could be no mistaking the meaning of the gaze which she had fixed upon ,the bag, and, with a stifled sigh, the duke took it from the butler's hands and unlocked it. The letters and. papers extracted, he handed her a package-of the latter-with a letter from one of her old friends. Without a glance at this she hurriedly opened one of the papers and scanned its columns, - A very few seconds sufficed for the task. The trial was ended-Lord Rex was sen tenced to death.. Scarcely paler, she laid it aside, and, -in a state of semi-unconsciousness. proceeded to swallow her roll and take her chocolate. Breakfast at an end, she hurriedly retired with the papers. She read every word of the terrible pro ceedings. " Then she folded her hands, neither moving nor speaking till reminded by Francine that it was time to dress for dinner. The succeeding hours were passed, in, the same dreary way till bedtime. She retired as mechanically as she had done everything else. She slept !ittlei but rose at her usual hour arid again descended to breakfast with the duke. On this morning the post-bag was not opened till after breakfast, and she carried the papers to her boudoir without looking at them. She was in no-haste. They would, she thought, contain but an enlargement of the preceding day's news. After some-further delay she opened one of them wearily. \- Instantly a deep, quivering gasp burst from her white lips. There, in what seemed to her characters of heavenly light, she read : 'THE MYSTERIOUS ESCAPE OF LORD REX AHERN, MARQUIS OF ST. AHERN I' She had not looked for the tidings nearly so soon, and, glad as they were, they fell upon her with the overwhelming power- of a thunderbolt. With dilating eyes and heaving breast she held the paper stretched between her shaking hands, while her quick, sharp gasps fell pain fully distinct on the silence of the apart meet. - She eagerly essayed to read the account what followed. In vain I The' first inspiri. sing words enchained her sight and senses. They flamed before her like molten fire, and all- that followed was an undistinguishable blur. At length she dropped the papeir, and with a ringing cry of gladness sprang to her feet, exclaiming : - 'Safe Safel Oh, my busband I my precious husband I my lovel my darling I God is good I God is merciful to us I' And flinging herself upon her knees she burst into a passionate thanksgiving, great tears streaming from her uplifted eyes, and storms of heavy sobs tearing their way from her over-charged heart. In her overpowering emotions of joy and gratitude she heard nothing. \- But the door had opened and closed, and a form stood leaning against. it .with awed eyes fixed upon her prostrate figure. Held by the powerful spell of the passion ate words pourieg in an eloquent stream from the quivering lips, the agitated witness of the affecting scene stood motionless'for a time. But directly a storm, of repressed emotion burst out in a heart rending groan, and the thrilling cry: ' God forgive me I It is my work I She is sitad I mad I mad at last I' And with another anguished groan the speaker bounded to Lady Rowena's side, and quickly casting an arm about her, lifted her tenderly to her feet. CHAPTER XXI, Lady Rowena turned to the intruder with radiant brow. Absorbed in her emotions, she had not heard the impassioned words, and there was no room in her bosom for either surprise or annoyance at the intrusion. ' Oh, Letty I'. she cried, in ringing, joyous tones. ' he has escaped. I-escaped, Letty I Lord Rex has escaped. You will be glad, child-you who believe him innocent 1' 'Escaped' echoed Letty, excitedly, add ing, with a sudden burst of tears : ' Oh I my dear lady, I thought you bad gone mad. Yon told Francine to send me to 'you, and when I came and-' ' Almost mad with joy I have been, Letty,' interrupted Lady Rowena, with quivering lip. The next mioment she cast her arms. about the girl, and,.leaning.her head against her shoulder, burst into another passionate fit of weeping. - Somewhat calmed, she directly reseated herself, and bade-Letty hand her the paper. 'I can surely read it now,' she exclaimed. ' Oh I thank Heaven; thank Heaven I he is sale I' As she read, her unnatural excitement sub sided, and she became a prey toa thousand torturing fears.. . The account was a highly elaborated tissue of conjecture and fact. The conjectures dealt with the' mystery of the escape, and the probability that bribery bad opened a free passage to th'e prisoner. The facts, with the unfortunate encounter at the church door, and the consequent tracing of the fugutive to Bloxy's. The article concluded with'the following: ' We are happy to state that a cutter has already been dispatched in the supposed wake of the lugitive, and that the' ends of justice are likely to be answered in the speedy cap. ture and punishment of the,. unnatural murderer.' A moaning cry escaped Lady Rowena's lips as she finished the article, and she turned to speak to Letty; but the girl hadtheard the little Lady Zerva's voice, and with a heart full of thanksgiving had slipped _away some time before. From that hour Lady Rowena lead a life of indescribable torture. . As Lord Rex had foreseen,'he was deprived of the marquisate, with its vast estates-both descending to the little Lady Zerva-and a price was set upon his head. Lady Rowena scarcely ate or slept in the weeks that followed, and Letty daily grew more ghost-like in appearance. But in less than four weeks the terrible uncertainty came to an end.' 'THE NANCY SWAMPED ILORD REX AHERN IN A WATERY GRAVE I THE BODY OF MADDox IDENTIFIED AND BURIED I' Lady Rowena read it and all that followed, her face marble-like in its whiteness, but un stained by a'tear. She read all, and then, lifting her dusky eyes heavenward, murmered calmly: 'Thank God I Better to lie at rest under the blue sea than' to 'be' hunted year after year like a wild beast.' And the duke in his library read the: same thing and muttered grimly ' 'Thank the gods ! .The rope was far too good for him; but.we are.saved the disgrace of his wearing it.' ' " For a few days Lady Rowena remained on the rack; but finally the stoly; wag confirmed beyond the possibility of doubt. ,- With that' confirmation her fictitious strength gave way. Twenty-four hours later she iras raving in a brain fever. One day, while she lfay alternating between life and death; Letty' carried 'the baby mar chioness out to the seaward terraces. These terraces, each balustraded in white marble, descended in successive tiers 'of rich foliage, gorgeous bloom, sparkling fountains, and gleaming statuary to the very sands. . Down-to these Letty carried .the child, Spreading a shawl on the clean sand, she placed the little creature on it,'with a lapful of toys and flowers with whi:ch she would often quietly amuse herself for. hours. She then seated herself on the losiest step of the terrace within easy reach of thk little one. As had become a fi'ed habit with her in her deadly fear of Miguel Costello, ' her eyes carefully scanned the beach .in every direc tion, resting long on the wild. bluff which, some two hundred feet distant, jutted in a dozen sharp points almost into the sea, affording in their wild, rocky,. carvenous hollows ample concealment for the evil-dis posed. "He works by night I' presenily muttered Letty with a shudder. ' Wh' do' I fret in the day time? As if he would. come and harm her in the broad daylight. No'I no !' It's by night I must watch I 'He- works only by night 1' And, with another shudde'i, her eyes came back to the lovely child. For a little she watched her, and then her gaze wandered off to the sea, her whole being absorbed in the awful memories which baunted her daily and hourly. -: Since the news of Lord: Rex- Abern's death had reached Clive Castle-ap n'-added gloom had settled upon the poor girtl,' aiid, with it, a dangerous tendency to long-continued fits of abstraction.. . : On this occasion her eyes onceor twice returned to the crowing, laughing child in a vacant gaze, but after that her head sank drearily upon her breast,. and the gaze fastened itselltstonily upon the white foam of the sea. She heard nothing, saw nothing, and the ch;?l crept, toddled, and rolled nearer aod nearer the jutting bluff. - : As it thus approached, a'pair of watchfu eyes, black, and gleaming with a deadly psir pose, now and then shot quick, stealthy glances from behind the nearest covert. At length a shabby-looking man, red haired and red-bearded, with .a soft hat crushed low upon his 'brows, stepped boldly out and seated himself against the-bluff; 'It was Miguel Costello I and Letty dream ing on the terrace step. At first the child did not see him.. When she did, she stopped a moment and gazed fearlessly at him. Her short survey at an end, she laughed, rose to her little feet and hurried, 'tottering and tumbling, toward him. " With a diabolical chuckle be drew out his watch and swang :it enticingly back and forth. The fated little creature screamed with delight and hurried on. Directly she was almost bbside him, With another chuckle he rose, and gently lifted her in his arms with well.feigned tenderness, immediately retreating within the shadow of the covert from which he had been watching. He reached and turned the next jutting point-the child prattling, to him in her dainty gibberish. His heart wholly untouched by her help less innocence and loveliness, he rounded the succeeding point, dilated nostrils and flaming eyes speaking only too plainly of his frightful purpose. As he did so, he stopped abruptly with an involuntary step backward and a. shocking oath. There, directly in front of him, grim and determined, stood a medium-sized, thick set man, evidently engaged in closely obser ving his movements. Miguel glared at him with malignant eyes. ' What are you doing here ?' he growled, in threatening tones, with a concluding oath. SGet out of my path. Do you hear me i? ' What are you doing with that child ?' re torted the other, sternly. 'It's none of yours, and you mean no good to it. Put it down I' ' Put it down !' sneered Miguel, as the child conscious that something was wrong, began to curl its pretty lip pitifully. 'Who made you my master ?' 'Put it down, -I say I' commanded the stranger firmly. With the words, he seized Miguel by the arm which held the child. Miguel laughed fiendishly. The next instant be sent the stranger reel ing backward under a violent blow, and the next,-with lightning-like swiftness, had seized the little one by the throat and hurled it into the sea. It sunk like lead, without a cry. An ejaculation of horror burst from the stranger and he darted forward to save the innocent. But quick as he was Miguel was quicker. Hurling himself furiously upon him, he struck him senseless and bleeding to the ground ; and then, looking neither to the right nor the left he dashed like the wind from the scene. Past the bluffs he went, and on and on till he reached a well-made road leading from the castle to the beach. Here he paused an instant for a backward glance. No living thing was in sight. With a laugh of. diabolical triumph he turned and rapidly pursued his way up the steep ascent of the road, sropping at length in front of a tumble- down structure, half-hid den among the rocks and rugged growth that bordered one side of the road.' SHe hurried into the hut. Some minutes later, with many searching glances around, he stealthily issued from it again, the well dressed valet of Norman Varney. Like a shadow be glided from rock to rock till far from the scene of his crime.• Then he boldly took the beaten road, indulging at his leisure the various thoughts that swelled his breast. 'Done I' he exclaimed, under his breath. 'Done ! done at last ! No more tramps to Clive Castle I Ha ! ha I won't that white haired idiot wake up in a fine fright. Nicely outwitted she's been I But, curse it I I dare not kill her I' 