WAS IT A BREAK? (BY ROBERT RICHARDSON.) In the year 188 — 1, Ford Marlowe, was headmaster of the public school iit Bebeah. In the September of this year the superintendent of tho school at Jerry's Flat became somewhat seriously ill, ana 1 received instruc tions to take his place, my own duties being meanwhile performed by a junior master from down country. I started for my destination on horseback, Jerry's Flat being, as every body knows who knows the great north western plateau of New South Wales, a fair day's ride across country from Bebeah. I had been for ten years in tho district, and credi ted myself with knowing it well enough to trust myself to take the shortest cut to my destination. Half an hour's riding accordingly found me in the heart of the busli, and following a sand track, and a some what sorry one at that. Every hundred yards or so it dissipated itself or be came altogether lost among the sur rounding trees and scrub, and I hnd to follow my horse's nose until I struck it again. It was a perfect mountain spring morning when I left Bebeah, but in tbe late afternoon. rain began to fall, and in five minutes was coming down as though literally poured from the sky from buckets. The wind rose, and was presently blowing a stiff gale. The gums and green-apple trees around mo rocked like mainmasts, and the wind went moaning and shrieking down the long aisles of the forest with a cry so wailful and eerie as to send a chill through all my nerves, though I was well accustomed to the loneliness and weirdness of bush sounds. The storm blinded and confused both my ho>-se and myself, the cataract of rain, against which tho boughs over head afforded no screen whatever, obliterated the meagre track, and the air grew so dark that the night seemed to have fallen two hours before it was due. My horse stumbled on blindly and doggedly, but his quiver ing flanks told of a vague, nervous fear knocking at his heart. At last it was forced upon me that I' had strayed from the track alto gether. I dismounted, examined the ground around, and retraced my steps for nearly a mile ; . but in vain. -I could not pick up the path. I was fairly bushed ; there was no mistake about it. I was still on foot and leading my shaking horse, when a strange sound, fell upon my ear — the barking of a dog. A wailing, forlorn 'howl it was as over I had heard, and that it was which made it sound so strange and uncanny in tho black solitude of the forest and amid the tumult of the storm. That it was a dog, however, I felb perfectly sure, and concluding that whete there was a dog there must surely be some kind of human habita tion I pressed forward in the direction of the sound, literally dragging my terrified and trembling horse after me. In less than five minutes we emerged from the cover of the trees upon a cleared space. Still groping and stumbling forward I was presently brought up suddeuly against a small and ruinous hut. What with the denseness of the vegetation immediately sur rounding the clearing — tree-ferns and climbing plants making . a thick palisade on every hand — and the darkness caused by the storm, I could not see more than a few feet ahead of me. But my eyes were becoming accustomed to the gloom, and I presently made out that I was in tho front of the hut, though the whole place outside was in such a state of dilapidation that front and back turned out to be very much alike. I fastened up my horse in the rear of the shanty, where he was in the lee of the wind and rain at least, and entered myself by the front door, which' stood half open and with the upper hinge partly wrenched from its socket. I had resolved to shelter, in the hut until the storm had ceased, or at least abated. - \- The hut within was in a somewhat less advanced stage, of ruin than its exterior had led me to expect. By striking match after match I could make out its condition. - It consisted of two rooms, divided by a narrow passage. One had evidently been used as a sitting-room- and kitchen in one. There was a square pine table in the centre, brown, mildewed, and rotting where it stood, two or three chairs in a like condition, a few wooden racks on the wall, with some rusty tin plates stuck in them, and a small heap of wood in the angle made by the fire- place in the wall. There was the usual wide, open, bush fireplace, over which hung two pannikins black with rust. Having taken in at a glance these few and forlorn details I looked about for the dog. I had not beon able to discover any trace of him outside ; he must surely be within. The hut itself had palpably been deserted for a couple of years at least ; why the dog had lingered on in tho place after its once mastor had gone was a mys tery which I did not then even at tempt to unravel. But that it was the howling of a dog that I had heard and that had guided me hither I had no doubt whatever. Yet no living creature of any kind was visible to me as yet. , I passed from the first room into the second. Here I found a " stretcher " bed placed against the wall, the wood of it honey-combed with damp and wildew. On it lay a 'possum rug, mouldy and thick with dust, but, when I felt it, quito dry. Now again I looked around for tho dog, but ho was not here either. Besides the bed tho room contained a single chair and a rough plauk table in one corner. I again passed into the sitting-room and prooecdod to examine the heap of wood. Much to my satisfaction I found a number of tho under most logs perfectly dry, and -with I the help of tbe morning's nowspaper, which I had purchased before leaving Bebeah, and by splitting some splin ters ffOm a log with my knife, I was not long in kindling a fire. I was, of course, drenched to the skin, but I I was now able to dry my soaking ; clothes pretty well, and at the same time to warm my chilled body. I would have willingly given a guinea at that moment for a billy of Bcalding hot tea, but had to be content by way of supper with the remainder of the packet of sandwiches I had brought with me for lunch and a nip from my flask. I had been during my 35 years of life in some tolerably lonely situations, but I had never before felt so abso lutely lonely and forlorn as I now did in tho heart of tho melancholy forest, with tho storm weeping and wailing through its gaping planks, and hooting down the ruined chimney. So oppressive and depressing did this sense of eerio desolation ut last become that, after sitting over the fire for about an hour, I determined oh trying to got to sleep, and so for getting my belated situation till day break. " To-morrow," says the Spanish proverb, " is a new day." ' I went into the other room, took off my coat and boots, placed what money I had with me and my watch, which was a valuable gold one, on the table, where, I reflected, it would bo perfectly safe from all per sons of burglarious intentions on a night like the present, even should there be any such in the immediate neighborhood, wrapped myself iu the ragged but dry 'possum rug, and lay down on the creaking, crazy bed. I was by this time thoroughly tired out, and in spite of the hurly-burly of the storm, which bad little, if any, abated, was soon fast asleep. I must have been asleep for about three hours, as I afterwards judged, when I awoke to a fooling of chilliness and a vague sense of general discomfort. My firsb thought was that I had caught cold from my wetting, and that this was the first signal of it. But presently I was aware of a cold, marrow-piercing wind circling, as it were, all round the room, with an icy edge to it, hardly accounted for by the/ degree of cold outside, or by the fact that the walls let in tho wind at more than one loop-hole. Moreover, the storm had considerably abated since I had slept, and the wind was now not blowing with anything like its former violence. I sat up in bed, and as I did so a curious sound mot me. There was apparently someone in the room," mov ing slowly round it in tho same direc tion as the wind was circling. It was quite dark, so dark that I could not see to the foot of my bed. But my sense of sight, and, as it seemed, every other sense, was now merged and con centrated in that of hearing. The sound .was that of someone passing stealthily round the room, and brushing the well as ho moved. Gould it be the dog at last ? No ; I distinctly hoard a soft muffled fall of two feet, not of four. . Whoever or whatever shared the room with me at that mo ment was not four-footed. . ' I sat up and again struck a match. A faint radiance glimmered, through the room, but sufficient to enable me to make out dimly any object in it. I strained my eyes through the flicker ing gloom. I could see nothing save the table and tho chair. Tho wax vesta burned down to my fingers and went out. I lit another with the same re sult. I could see nothing, And yet the sound of the soft-fall ing, stealthily-moving feet had never ceased. Someone or something was still passing round the room feeling the wall with its hands and brushing it with its body. The figure, as I must call it for iaok of a better name for my bodiless chamber companion, passed round three sides of tho room, omitting that on which the bed stood, and then began retracing its steps back again. This time it passed at tho table, and then I heard -my watch lifted, and the small heap of money, tho coins tink ling in the invisible hands. Then the shape moved onward as before, feeling its way round the walls until it reached the door leading to the narrow passage separating the one room from tho other. I heard the phantom figure pasB through tho door and cross the passage, and then I could hear 'the stealthy footfall no longer. I rose from my bed, struck another match, and followed my invisible visitor. As I crossed the passage the storm, wliioh, as I have indicated, had lulled greatly; suddenly, and without warn ing,- rose again with renewed violence. I was about to onter the doorway leading to the other room, when a vivid jag of lightning zigzagged ' across the shatterod window and, lighting up the room with a sudden blaze, revealed a scene which transfixed me where I stood. The fire which I had loft a smoulder of ashes was now burning fiercely, and was alone sufficient to illuminate the room. At the table two figures, in ordinary bushinan'3 garb, wore seated facing each other and playing cards. At the elbow of each stood a pile of gold and silver, and between them a bottle of grog and a couple of glasses. The men were playing at their game with fierce intensity, as was manifest from their fixed yet blazing eyes and set lips. By the side of tho fire a sheep dog lay crouched, who every now and then gave vent to a low, melancholy, frightened howl. By the gold heap of ono of tho men lay my watch. As I write this narrative in tho quiet and safo seclusion of my city homo, after the lapse of nearly ten years, I feel again exactly as I felt at that moment — tho same thrill of amazement, perplexity and mystifica tion, as of ono passing through a strange dream. Fear had not as yot knocked imperiously at my heart, I may havo boon standing thus in the doorway, watching with wide eyes the extraordinarysceno before mo, when the man who sat nearest the lire dropped one of his cards on to the floor. He stooped to recover it, when, quick as the lightning flashes that were leaping outsido, his opponent drew a knife from his waist, am the shining blade cut a gleaming Hj j arc through the air, descended upon fl I the back of the bending man and fl I buried itself to tho handle, A shud- fl | dering death-shriek rent sho air > I / saw the dog leap with one bound at If the throat of the murderer, his I forlorn wail changed to a savage I howl ; a deafening crash of thunder broke, as it seemed, right abovo my head ; a sickening reeling horror surged through my brain ; all above, below and around me was quenched- in a blackness of sudden death, and I fell forward with a crash upon the ground. I awoke from tlmt dreamless Lethean stupor to find the strong sun of the Australian spring morning streaming into tho hut and upon my body with a most grateful warmth. It poured life into me at every pore, hut I was nevertheless aware of a numb aching in every limb, and of a dazed and paralysed "-feeling iu the head as of ono awakening from a powerful soporific. As I slowly returned to full consciousness the incidents of the past night flooded back through my brain like a return- ing tide . with almost overpowering force. I felt for my whisky flask, and gulped down some mouthfuls, enough to have flamed my brain at ordinary times, for- I have always been a small spirit drinker. As it was the drink but coursed through my veins like a grateful fire, heating and easing my limbs, but leaving my head clearer, stronger and more resolute. . I rose and looked about me, the memory of the night still vivid, but unmanning me loss now. The room looked just as when I had left it before turning , into bed, save that tho fire was now a heap of white ashes. There was no trace whatever of the place having been occupied during the night by anyone except myself ; there 'was no sign, to indicate that my vision had boen aught but a ghastly dream — no sign but one. On the table lay my watch. And I was absolutely certain that I had placed the watch on tho table in the adjoining room. How had it got here ? I went outside and found my horse standing fastened up where I lmd left him. :Tho poor brute was a miserable object. The storm had pretty well thrashed and terrified, all life and spirit out of his . cold and shaking body. He had probably been too scared and bagged over to try and break loose, and now stood as cowed and abject a specimen of horse- flesh as could have been. found that morning from Cape York, to Capo Howe. I gave him a, rub down with a handful of ferns, brought him a drink in my hat from a rain-puddle, and spoke some such words of chocr in his ear as men, rightly or wrongly, believe to bo intelligible to horses. Then I re-saddled and mounted. The feel of the saddle and his rider seemed to reassure my poor horse that the world in general was returning to its normal condition, for he became fl less restless, and the trembling in his fl limbs decreased. I had very little in- fl clina.tion to linger in the neighborhood fl of my night's adventure, but I never- fl theless rode slowly round the hut B before setting out again for Jerry's fl Flat. The whole place presented the w same aspect of abject desolation as B when I first .sighted it. The bright morning sun instead of dispelling its gloom served but to discover more effectually, and to emphasiso more uncompromisingly the for saken and uncanny spot. I turned from the weather-blasted, horror- haunted shanty with a shudder, and urged my horse again into the bush. After half an hour's riding I struck a well-defined track. It was again a glorious morning ; the air, after its drastic purification, as clear as a diamond, and as invigorating as cham pagne. Tho breath of tho spring woods rose about me like a balsamic exhalation, bracing nerve and ! heart. The cooler morning breezo blew the night mists from my brain, and I could presently reviow my night's experience with almost the same degree of calm as I might have sat down to tackle a new problem in mathematics. And yot calmly as I tried to face the pheno mena of the night, and hard as I tried to explain' them upon natural and physical grounds, the end of my reasoning did not find me much be yond the beginning of a solution. ' At the end of an hour's riding I came, much to my satisfaction, upon a small selection. I rode through a field of Indian maize up to tho little weatherboard cottage. Tho farmer was a kindly, middle-aged j German, with a stout wife and two good-looking daughters. When I hnd told my case ho entertained me with solid bush hospitality. One of the j girls watered and fed my horse, wliilo I was soon seated at a breakfast oi hot chops, home- made bread and tea. In an hour I was ready to start \ again, after thanking my host and lib ! family for their most welcome hospi- ; pitality, and with some more solid acknowledgment to the two girls. " Keep so as you wa? till you coine3 to the first track mit your left hand. ; Follow that straightforward on and it will take you to the high road to Bebeah. You can troost mo right ; enough — Johan Falberman, that's mo, and he knows efery foot of the road : from here to J orry's Flat." This was tho farmer's parting direction. It was simple, andi following it implicity, I rodo into Jerry's Flat shortly after noon. I put up at tho New England Hotol, , where I hnd boen recommended to stay during my sojourn in the town. It was too late to begin my duties at the school that day, and so I contented myself with calling at tho houso of tho invalided mastor whoso office I was to fill, and inquiring for his con dition. In the evening I fell upon talk with tho proprietor of the hotel whilt smoking a post-prandial pipe in thf verandah. "We expected you yesterday even ing, Mr. Marlowe," said he. " Yes, I should have boon by \ sundown, but I got bushed. Did you Shave much of a storm hero, by the f way 1 " " No, only a heavy rain for about 1 two hours. Where did' you put up ( finally then ? I don't suppose you were I out all night in the storm." Then I explained' how I had come upon the hut in the bush, and had passed the night in it. " I know the place right enough,1' said the landlord, who was a man of intelligence and address considerably above the run of up-country hotel- keepers. " It's a dreary spot and bears a queer reputation. What was your experience of it." , As the landlord said this I fancied that ho looked at me more narrowly. "Not too comfortable, as you can imagine from the kind of accommoda tion the shanty offers to a belated traveller. Iliad. a restloss night. and bad dreams, but it was better than being exposed to tho storms all night,1 maybe." " Only dreams. Well, sir, now that you are under a decent roof again, I may tell you that the place has the name of being haunted. . I don't take much stock in ghosts myself, never having known one at first hand ; ' but this is tho story of the hut. Do you remomber a murder that happened hereabouts three years ago ?" " I recollect something about it, but not the details." " Two bushmen lived together in the hut. They were by way of being sawyers, but it was little honest worls that they were ever caught doing. When tho rush to Frenchman's Find began these two mates were among tiie first on the! ground. They appear to have been rather lucky, and after making a small pile they betook them selves to their hut in tho bush, where they spent their nights in drinking and card-playing and their days, I suspect, in recovering from the nights' booze. One morning three- mounted policemen set out from here to make a call on the two men, for all sorts of reports of their general lawlessness had gone about, and it was the right time to inquire a little closer into the manner of their lives. When the troopers entered tho hut a strange sight met their eyes. They found one of the men lying on , the floor dead, stabbed in the back with a knife. Flo had been dead for two days at least. A couple of packs of cards lay scat tered on the .table,' and a dog cowered by the murdered man, whiru- peringand howling. Itwasclear enough what had happened. The two men had been playing cards. A quarrel or something of that sort had arisen between them, and tho ono had mur dered the other, und decamped with what gold was left ' between them. And the story goes that ever since that night the spot is haunted by the ghost of the murdered man, and not a few declare that they have heard tho dog howling about the Hut, though ho disappeared on the day of the discovery of the crimo.- The murderer was never found, but seemed to disappear as effectually as if the earth had swal lowed him. And that is .the story connected with that dreary ruin of the hut in which you passed last night, Mr. Marlowe. I thought, maybe, you might havo been able to add some thing for or against the yarn your self. Bad dreams, eh?" and here I thought mine host again glanced at me from under his brows. " Well, those you might have had in any case." 