A REAL GHOST. A lawyer and a bishop were talking, and this was the manner of their talk. " I have become thoroughly convinced," said the lawyer, "of the existence of nocturnal apparitions, for I have seen one!" "Dear me!" exclaimed the bishop. " I am very curious. Relate the story." " I will, my Lord, I will," said the lawyer. "It was between the konrs of 11 and 12. I had gone to bed. and was just falling into my first com fortable sleep, when I was awakenod by a strange creaking noise. It sounded if someone was walking upstairs! The stops sounded nearer and nearer, slower and slower; solemn and moasured they wore, and presently they halted at mv door. I drew the sheet over my head, and lay there trembling, not daring to move. Something," continued the lawyer, " entered iny room, and threw the. sheet over my faco. I felt rather than saw a faint yellow glimmering light. I could not move at first, but I presently managed to gain a little cour age. I drew the sheet cautiously down from my face, and looked! " "Well!" cried the bishop excitedly. " In the centre of the room," said the lawyer, slowly, "stood a tall old man. He seemed gaunt aud worn with age or hunger, and his long grey beard hung half-way down his hroast. He was dressed in a queer loose cloak with-a capo, and he wore a broad leathor hand about his waist. In one hand he held peculiarly-shaped lantern, from which flowed the yellow light, making strango ghost]}** shadows on the wall boliind him. In the other hand he held a staff, the look of which was unpleasant. He stood still in the middle of the floor, looking at me. Presently I said, '"Whence art thou ? "What dost thou require ? ' " "And what did ho say?" cried tho bishop, fixing his eyes upon the odd ex pression of tlio lawyer's face. " He said," replied tho lawyer, speaking in a hoarse whisper; "ho said, 'Ibeg yerpardon, sur; I'm the watchman of the street, sur, an', I thought'twould be best for mo, sur, to come up an' tell yer that yer front, door stood open ! If yo do ho lavin' it that way, sur, it's bad luck ye'll have before the momin' !' " 