ITEIS OF INTEREST. A MEIEMBE of a well-known firm of makers of steel pens says that a steel penuwill last for months with careful use. " If your pen gets scratchy and doesn't write well," he further asserts, "don't cast it aside for a new one; that is folly. The pen is not worn out, but-simply tired. Give it a rest for a day or two ; then hold it in a gas-light for perhaps 15 seconds, not longer, and resume.your writing. If you are not pleasantly surprised at the results, I'll set myself down as a poor prophet. But few people are cognisant of the benefits to be derived from a moderate use of honey as food, says an ex change. Saccharine matter, as a rule, is apt to affect the system injuriously; but if taken in the form of honey it at once becomes a valuable food and medicine. Instead of having it given to us in combination with bulk food, as in the cane and beet, it is in the case of . honey, mingled. with fruit juices derived from flowers highly charged with medicinal proper ties. Honey, taken as food, becomes a powerful medicine to the sugar-fed and half- diseased, and many people must. begin on small quantities to ac quire an appetite for it. Foul air, improper ventilation, coal gas, and sudden change of temperature and ex posure of throat and lungs to sudden chill are the sources of no end of throat and bronchial troubles. A free, xegular, and constant use of honey is probably the best medi cine for throat troubles known and its regular uise is largely corrective. The cuttlefish, the most highly or ganised member of the class cephalopoda, when pursued ejects a fluid which darkens the water around it, and so escapes. Each order of the cephralopotda has an ink-sac, the contents of which it uses in this way. The ink of the cuttlefish was formerly used as writing ink, and is the paint known as sepia. The ink is carbonaceous, and contains also various mineral salts. Europe has 12,000,000 beehives, and produces every year 307,000,0001b of honey, while the United States' has 2,500,000 hives, .. and produces 61,080,0601b of honey. The largest apiarist in the world is M. Harbicon, of California, who has 6000 hives, yielding 200,0001b of honey yearly. It is estimated that a bee must visit 218,758 flowers for each ounce of honey gathered. Here is a valuable wrinkle about the destruction of house flies, taken from the Louisville Journal:-" Come inside one minute," said a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos, recently. "I have discovered the greatest fly-trap on earth, and I want to show it to you." He led the way to an instrument at the rear of the store on which w::-' : newspaper. On the paper had besen placed a bunch of sweet peas. At least a thousand dead flies were lying on the paper in the injma sa.-tftti, i.j%:' - bunch . flowers. "I threw .thr.: -oiro by chance," he continued, " .nd in about 10 minutes I happened- t.. notict that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short tirn!'." Even as he spoke a number " ! i-ose insects which had stopped to - ...:itlhe deadly sweet had topnled o'vr dead. They alighted with their usual buzzI' stopped momentarily, quiverdd in their legs, flapped their wings weakly several times, and then gave up the: ghost. 