CHAPTER II. THE PROFESSOR. Gr620iy Ormnr.fi hftu C0ll6Cb€Cl HIS H0u.3e party with better taste and discrimination than I gave him credit for, but, un •dehbtedly, Beatrice Stanley, Onnonds .married sister, had a great deal to do with •.the selection. . > Handsome Mrs Stanley was no favorite •of mine, but I acknowledged her tact and •cleverness as I glanced critically round the company of brilliant men and women Collected together in the drawing-room. 1 knew most of them, but my interest was chiefly centred in the man I had so lonj| wished to become personally acquainted with, Professor Wagstaffe. \- He was a tall, fine man, between fifty and sixty years of age, with a splaadid head and face, and a pair of the most wonderful ejes I have ever seen in any man’s face. Dark brown in colour, soft, tender, and dreamy, yet brilliant, and piercing with intelligence and genius. His voice was singularly sweet and caressing, and his smile so kindly, that even little children who had never seen before went to him in-tinctively. In dress he was somewhat slovenly, as men of genius are sometimes, bnt in the most shabby apd antiquated coat imagin able, he still looked what he undoubtedly was—a gentleman. .. ' He welcomed me kindly, and patiently listened to my modest theories and opinions, answered my numerous questions fully and painstakingly, and, in fact, treated me so well that before half-an-hour had elapsed -my admiration had grown into positive -reverence,and I became his devoted follower .And champion from that time forward. At dinner the conversation turned upon rghosts. I think it was Beatrice Stanley, who was playing hostess in her usual im maculate style, who began it, and tbe •subject was taken up eagerly. “ I’ll lay ten to one that our ghost is the prettiest and most original famUy ghost that ever haunted a bouse i ” cried Gregory Ormond, excitedly. “ Pretty ! ” chorused the ladies. Lovely, I should say. Hone of your -withered up old hags, or dishevelled, moaning females, but a demure little grey hospital nurse, with golden hair, soft dark Ayes, and a sweet, pale face. She is our tghost, ladies and gentlemen 1 ” “Nonsense!” every one cried, scoffingly, And I hastened to raise my glass to my l»ps to hide my emotion, trusting that no ®ne bad noticed my violent start asOrmopa bad described tie family gbert to Sfc “No nonsense, I can assure you, an swered Gregory with more warmth than was necessary, so it seemeil me. have seen her" myself, and so ^ve Beatric^ and the servants. I have only descnbed her to you so that yon will know her when y°Sonw^of the women shrieked here, and raktoT my e7es from my plate, l met the soft hri/t gaze of the Professor'Beyes bent earnestly upon me. A :nayself colour up, and to hide my embarrassment, He smiled, hut replied with his usual “S*,*SSaW »*»*. »'”> t«e been wandering over and over ono ouse for generation and generation, not, but I do believe that if you wish it, you can bring back the spirit of anyone yon love just for one brief, sweet uutant. I think everybody round thes table ‘changed colour. I know I did, and G 8 7 Ormond went livid. It waB not the w exactly that affected U3, but bhe ® _ p blood-curdling manner in which the fessor uttered them. . I always thought Wagetaffe was cranky, 1 ailKPor. vinced of it now,” muttered a voice at my'rV 'T'•B\and . I turned indignantly to my. 1- i~^'L . neighbour, a little pale, in signific mt man with an habitual dUagr«e able expression upon his face, and a dis gustingly cross-grained manner with him. l knew him slightly. He was Beatrice Stanley’s'husband. “Cranky chap.” he repeated, nodding his head toward the Professor. I shrugged my shoulders, and turned my head from him and my attention to the conversation that was going on. “ But. Professor,” Ormond was saving, in an excited, injured way. “ sucely you believe in our family ghost when l tell you that T have seen her myself! ” “ My dear boy,” answered tbe Professor, good-humouredly, “ 1 do not dispute your word but I must seo yonr ghost myself before l believe.” ■* Then you will be convinced soon, for you will be suie to see her before many days, or perhaps hours, have passed,” de clared Ormond, triumphantly. “ Pr fessor,” I said diffidently, “ pardon me, but you paid just now that you be lieved if we wished we could bring back the spirit of anyone we loved. Can you prove this to us ? ” “ Bosh ! ” came in a hoarse whisper from my little left-hand neighbour. 1 turned still farther from him, and met the kindly glaace of the Professor. “ Certainly, with pleasure, my dear sir. I will relate a personal experience if the ladies care to hear it.” There was a general polite murmur of assesfc, though I kn*w more than one fair; dame was shaking in her slippers with superstitious horror. “ It was when I was, a young m »n at college,” began the Pro- | fessor, his eyes upon the sherry glass he was twisting in his fingers. I had returned, about a week to Oxford after the Long Vacation when I received the news j that my mother had died quite, suddenly, my i arae the last upon her lips. Now, | just before l aving home, .1 had displeased my mother in some way, and she had lectured mo, somewhat severely for her. So incensed and mortified was 1 at this that l would not speak to her for two days, and even at the moment of parting I refused lo hiss her. “ ‘ Kiss me, my own dear boy,’ she had pleaded; but I was hard as flint, and putt ing her loving arms from my neck, I turned away and left her and never saw her again.” The' Professor paused for one second, his fice wonderfully tender, sad, and regretfuf. . “ Ton can imagine my grief and horror when I heard the tidingB. To my dying day I shall never forget those first bitter hours. I threw myself down in my room and prayed that she might come back again to me for the kiss I had refused to give her. Day after ■lay. night after mgbt, this was my one prayer • God, let her come back for cne moment that I may kiss her.’ “ At last one night my passionate prayer was granted." The Professor paused again,'and a shudder pa^ed round the table. “ It wag a beautiful Rammer night, light as day, with the moonlight streaming over the room. I lay in my bed, my passionate pleading prayer upon my lips, when in the stream of moonlight, my mother came toward me with outstretched hands, and a glad fond smile npon her face. ‘ She was dressed just as I had seen her many t-imi s; there was nothing unearthly or BDpernatn: al about her. “ Mother 1" I cried loudiy, sitting up in bed, *■ oh, mother! have you come for my kiss J Mother, mother, say you forgive me.” “ She esme closer to me nntil 1 felt her dear arms about me and her lips upon mine.” “I forgive you, my dear, dear boy. Sod bless you," she whispered. I clang to her passionately, and poured oat all my pent up repentance, regret, and love, in kisses npon her belovei face. • “ Dariing, good-bye,” she cried, “ and then [ felt heT arms wi'hdraw from me, and I fell back npon my pillows in a swoon. When I came to myself some minutes afterwards the moonlight was streaming in as Berenely as ever, and not a sign was there of a super natural visitation.” The Professor ceased, and we all drew our breaths shirply. I felt rather than saw that dainty lace handkerchiefs were being used rather freely on the other side of th« table, bnt I did not raise my eyes from my plate, where they had rested throughout the Pro fessor’s story. ‘‘ Sensational boBh I Mad ss a March hare I Ought to have been locked up ages ago I ” granted my cross-grained left-hand com panion. ‘•Very pretty and touching; thank you, Professor,” cried Beatrice Stanley sweetly, giving the ladies the signal to rise at the same time. ‘‘■Don't you believe in him; he is an old fraud,” whispered Mrs Stanley’s little cab of i husband, as the ladieB left the room, “ He is a wolf in sheep's clothing. I know aim,” with a diabolical Iter ;11 don’t yon have aaything to do with him.” “ When I rsqtire yonr advice I will ask yon for it, Mr Stanley,” I replied coldly, turning away from him. 