THE STORYTELLER. THE GHOST OP THE YELLOW WATERHOLE. Br N. G. "I say," exclaimed Maxwell, "what a superstitions old chap Dalton must be 1" "What makes you think that ?' I asked, surprised at the statement, having known Jack Dalton for very many years without dis covering it. '"Well," exclaimed Maxwell, who, by the by, was cnly lately arrived from home, and new to our part of the country. " You know the place they call the Yellow Waterhole ?" I nodded. "Well, the overseer told me a yarn the other day about its being haunted, supposed to be by a stockman or somebody who was found dead there years ago." " And did you mention this yarn, as yon call it, to Dalton?" I asked, quickly. " Well, the place was mentioned during conversation, and I asked Dalton whether he had ever seen the ghost, and would von believe it, he turned as green as a cabbage." "A pity Jacobs doesn't keep his tool's nonsense to himself," 1 grumbled. "Why, what's the matter now?" asked Maxwell. " The matter is that the last person in the world to whom you should have mentioned the subject is Dalton himself." "Why?" he inquired, in surprise. "Is it true, then, and haB he really set eyes on the thing f " Yes, poor old chap, and so have I." "Oh, I Bay," he exclaimed, "tell us all about it." " I don't much like talking of it, though it is many years since it happened. But as it will prevent you making the same mistake again, I'll tell you.. It must be thirty years ago nearly. We were all young fellows then, strong and healthy enough to enjoy the rough life of the bush, and laugh at its hardships and discomfort; and I can assure yon we had to put up with plt-nty of both. Pioneering was a difficult and dangerous thing in the old times. We were travelling stock and looking out for likely country at the same time. This part had not then been opened up, nor, so far as we knew, had anyone thought of taking up country in this direction. Those who had seen it had probably passed through when the land was dry and parched after long drought. When we struck it everything was looking its best The season had been splendid, and we were consequently so favour ably impressed that we made up our minds then and there to make it our own. Well, as, I said before, we were travelling stock tOKether. The two Dal tons and I had entered into a partnership in a small way. I had known the brothers some little time, and was warmly attached to l>oth. If I had any preference it was for Jack, though Fred (the younger of the two) was generally the favourite. He was such a jovial, cheery sorb ot chap, hail fellow well met with all, and ever ready for a bit of fun, poor Fred ! " There were five of us in all-the two Daltons, old Sandy our stockman, Tommy the blackboy, and myself. "The day was drawing to a close when we struck the Yellow Waterhole, so we de cided to camp there. Though in summer j the waterhole is little better than a sticky mass of yellow cl^y, at the time of year we first saw it it resembled a fair-steed lagoon. We afterwards discovered it was fed by a small creek from a larger one about five miles off, and though the former was now dry the water in the lagoon was fresh and aweet. We had had a long day in the saddle, and were not at all sorry to rest, with the exoeption of Tommy, the black boy, who showed an unusual anxiety to push on iurther. -k . ."'What for, Tommy Tasked Fred. " * Debil-debil long a that fellow,'he answered, pointing to the waterhole. " ' Perhaps some of his tribe tire buried Almuthere, suggested Fred, knowing their superstitions ideas regarding the spirits of the dead. 'Blackfellow belong a you sit down here, Tommy?' he asked. "' Baal blackfellow,' shaking his head. ' White man sit down long a there.' "' Poorchap,' said Jack. ' Died of starva tion, 18U$jpqse { probably lost, in the bush.' " * Plenty oome alotig blackfellow tumble down whitefellow,' explained Tommy with expressive and dramatic action. 'Blackfellow spear white man f I asked. " 'Mv WOKI.' "' What a murdering lot of devils you niggers are,' exclaimed Fred. ' Why couldn't your people have let the unfortunate beggar alone!" ...... " ' B&al; blackfellow belong ft toe, returned Tommy, ' Buckeen blackfellow,' meaning a strange tribe. You know there is nothing in the world the blacks used to dread so much as members of other tribes. I suppose such is still the case up north where they are ?pretty numerous, though in this part of the country they have all but died out. " ' Well, Tommy,' said Jack ' I don't think buckeen blackfellow will show up gainst eo many of us, and as for your debil debil I undertake to settle him single handed.' " But the blackboy persisted. * Me know plenty water, Rood water long further,' he urged, and his terror, whether of wild blacks or the white man's ghost, was so evident that we were inclined to give way to his humour and continue our journey, when Sandy inter osed. ' Confound the blooming nigger and is devil-devil. If you listen to him, sir, he'll raise you a ghost or a devil at every camping ground we come to. MoBt of the places are supposed to be the haunts of devil devils or bunyips, or the like, but I can't say as any such gentry have ever troubled me. As to water, why, there may be plenty more close at hand, and then again there mayn't be another drop within miles. Anyhow, it's a deal too late to push on further to-night.' " This clinched the matter, and Tommy was left to make the best of the position, which he did by establishing himselt before a good blazing fire, where he was Boon busily engaged boiling the billy under Jack's super vision. "To prevent any danger of being surprised by the blacks, though we had little fear, as the natives, even if unfriendly, were usually afraid of attacking parties of four or five, we had arranged that two of us should keep watch while the others slept. Accordingly Fred Dalton and I lost no time in rolling our selves in our blankets, having tossed up'for and won the first half night's sleep, and I, having had not more than two hours rest the two previous days, was very soon wrapped in dreamless Blumber. " What happened while I slept I gathered from Dalton. Sandy, going to take a look at our cattle, found some of them mussing; they had strayed away from the mob. He re turned to report, and get his stock-whip to go in search of them, calling to Tommy to look alive and come with him. But the boy re fused to stir from the tire. ' Me no go along a you. Me stay help Misser Jack cook billy.' " ' Confound you for a lazy dog; get up will you V and Sandy let the long lash curl play fully round the boy's legs. "Tommy replied with ayeII,andastringof good, round, bullock-driving oaths as potent aa anything in Sandy's own vocabulary. Sandy, growing angry, was preparing to let the whip have serious play on the boy's bare shins, when Fred jumped up, ' Hold on, man, I'll go. Let the nigser be, can't you see he's a deal more afraid of his debil-debil than he id of you ?' So they departed, and Tommy remained victor of the field. The two had been gone some time, and meanwhile the supper, consisting of tea and damper, being ready, Dalton and the blackboy impatiently awaited their return. Both were hungry, and Jack had hard work to keep Tommy from falling to. It was only the threat of handing him over to the 'debil-debil' that restrained him. Some minutes passed in silence, broken only by the subdued lowing of the cattle near at hand and the occasional crack of a stockwhip in the distance, .sud denly Tommy gave a cry of terror, and with a bound placed himself behind Jack while, with a trembling hand, he pointed towards the waterhole. "' Misser Dalton, look-debil-debil 1" and Jack saw advancing, at a slow, measured pace, towards them a tall, gaunt, white figure. Taken aback at the startling appa rition he felt hia hair begin to rise Trom his head. Then his courage returned, and he felt ashamed of his momentary fear. Seizing his gun and aiming at the advancing figure, he called on the thing, whatever it was, to stand. But it 4ook no notice, and continued to advance with steady step, its shadowy arms outstretched. "Again Jack hailed it, 'Speak, whoever you are, or I'll tire!' Still no response, and now it was close enough to perceive that it was undoubtedly the form of a man of more than ordinary height, and weird aspect, but whether madman or disguised bushranger or what there was no means of deciding. " Once more Dalton spoke. ' For the last time I worn yon if you come one step nearer I'll fire.' " At the sound of the gun I started op in an instant wide awake. ' What's up f I asked. Tommy, with trembling limbs and chattering teeth, could only murmur indistinctly, ' Debil-debil!' beside the fire knelt Jack, "still grasping the smoking gun, gazing with fixed stare at a motionless white object on the ground a short distance away. I looked around for the others, and saw Sandy hurry ing up, 'attracted by the tiring. " ' Where's Fred f I demanded; at which Jack, who had seemed for the moment petrified, started up with a cry of horror and rushed towards the prostrate form. I fol lowed, and there, stretched on the ground with the blood slowly trickling from a wound in hiB chest, lay poor Fred. At first I thought he was already dead, but after we had raised his head and poured a little brandy down his throat he opened his eyes. In a very feeble voice, speaking slowly with many pauses between the words, he told us how jt had happened. " Ever up to a lark, he had thought tbplay off a practical joke on Tommy and give nifii a bit of a fright-'just for fun, you know,' he explained, with a sad attempt at a smile. He found thwtl^ turning hiB coat inside out its light- grey lining gave bim a sufficiently ghostly appearance, which was, moreover, enhanced by the shadowy gleam trom the moon which had just risen. Never imagining but that Jack would guess his intention, and assist in his trick, poor Fred regarded his brother's challenges and threatening words only as make believe to keep up the game. " 'Oh, if I had only thought!' cried Jack, overwhelmed with grief. How could I be so blind 1' " But though he reproached himself for not having recognised his brother before firing the fatal shot, I could easily see how the other's sudden startling appearance gave' no time fo.r thought; besides his face being almost hidden by.Ahe collar turned up round it the disguise^as complete. Poor Jack, I shall never forget his despair. When Fred first opened his eyes and spoke he tried to ferauade himself there was hope; but though said what I could to comfort bim, I felt from the first there was none.* The shot was only too well aimed, and had pierced the lung. Poor Fred lingered for about half an hour, then, while he was still speaking to us, I a rush of bloodchpked_his utterance, and he J lay back in our arms-dead. Sandy and I buried him next morning under a tree on some rising ground, not far from the yellow waterhole. If you are ever round that way with me, I'll show you the poor lad's grave. "Jack Dalton has never been quite the same man since. He has never got over it, and I don't suppose he ever will now, though he never alludes to the subject to anyone, poor fellow." " Poor fellow, indeed I" echoed Maxwell. " What a very Bad history. One cannot wonder at his not liking to be reminded of it. I'm only sorry I didirt know before, and shall take good care not to make such a blunder attain. Poor Dalton-poor chap 1" 