AMUSEMENTS. Age cannot wither, nor custom stale, the infinite variety of the entertainment presented to tho patrons of the Cyclorama. The fine picture of the battlefield of Waterloo, so graphically described by' Mr. Lockley, has lost none of its oharm, the musical illustrations arranged by Mr. Dennis Keenan adding greatly to the enjoyment of the onlookers. Napoleon's ghost still walks his customary round, and the refreshing babble of the waters of the fairy fountain bring a thoroughly en joyable entertainment to a pleasant conclusion. The Bijou Theatre will be, reopened on Thursday evening, when theGarrick Dramatic Club will appear for three nights, giving a change of programme eaoh evening. The initial bill will comprise "Ruth's Romance," " A Regular Fix," and "A Bed of Roses," and as there will be a number of visitors in town in connection with the agricultural show, it is safe to predict well-filled houses during the short season. A packed house greeted Mr. Walter Bentley, Miss Isabel Webster, and their company at Glenelg last night; when the same programme which was submitted at the Ade laide Town Hall on Monday evening was gone through with great satisfaction to the audience. "The dream of Eugene Aram" secured loud applause, and Miss Webster's numbers were all encored. Mr. Nitschke, Mr. Duncan, and Miss Bancroft also met with flattering recep tions. The company will appear at the Sema phore Town Hall to-night, and on Thursday evening will Bubmit an entirely new pro-' gramme at the Town Hall, Adelaide, when the last opportunity of hearing Miss Webster and Mr. Bentley will be afforded. Two men who attempted to oross the rail way at Goodwood on Tuesday had an un pleasant" experience. Before they noticed the approach of a train their leading horse was on the rails,. and it was only" by. jumping out and backing the team that they escaped a serious accident. The Unley Town Council recently asked the Commissioner of Public Works that better provision should be made for the public safety at the Goodwood crossings. The Com missioner failed to see that the traffic war ranted any expense.. With reference to a paragraph published yesterday stating that the members of the Police Force had been refused permission to' hold their annual pionic this year, on account of the unemployed difficulty, we are informed that this_ is incorrect. The Commissioner of Polioe did not refuse permission, but only asked the men to defer the outing, but not on aocount of the unemployed difficulty. Our statement was made upon what we regarded as good authority. • - 