MUNICIPAL UOTIONS. Onnacouariyo Su ntiLrnnv. At about. 5 80 p inm. on T'uesday, in the Agricultural Society's pavilion, Al bion Park, the Returning Officer an nounced the result of the poll for the e!eotion of a!dermen, and invited the oumdidates to address the assembled ratepayerswhose. feelings of surprise, joy, constern tion, pleasured and bewil derment were go mixed tht.there waee no applause, `and the silnee was painful. rI Alderman Hicks said he ?ad very opposite feelings passing through him at that moment. He felt it a groat pleasure to be elected to a seat in their Counoil, and at the same time-he was going to say he had a feeling of dis gust. He did feel ashamed at hiving so many p impe;a recorded in his favour. (Hear, hoer.) Is w i .a system he had never adopted himselin- and he did not like to seo e hers ndop \it. It was a system he would d,o all;he could to abolish. However, the ratepayers had done all they could to'elect him to the Council, and he would not go in for revolutionising matters, because he knew Shellhaerbour had always had a fair share of intelligent and honourable men in the Council. As far back as he could remember it bad been a common saying that the roads in the Shellharhour municipality were the best in the llla Warra district.- Latterly their roads had act been so good as formerly. This was perhaps owing. partly to the heavy traffic on them during the construction of the railway through the district, ant. also partly to the wet seasons they bad had of late, and 'vhich had been very detrimental to the roads. Perhaps it Would fe better to have fewer drains about thi roads, because he noticed that the. dralt in many places did more harm that the traffic upord the roads. With reference to the plumpaer that had been recorded for him, it had been hinted to him that a good many of the ratepayers did not intend to split their votes. He told them he was not pleased, and that it was not a fair way of voting. They replied that they were anxious to ensure his return, and that unless they plumped for him he might not have a ghost of a show either now or.next year, However, the system of plumping ought to be abolished. He would do all he could to expend their rates to the best advantage; in conjuno tion with the other aldermen, and he hoped his doings and works would give the ratepayers satisfaction. Applause. Alderman Mod most heartily thanked the ratepayers for returning him, this being the fourth time he had been elected to the Council. He was not likeAldormad Hicks-a now man for he had had 9 years service, and what he haedone so far seemed to have please ho ratepayers. They had more traffic nw than formerly, which, meant more work for the aldermen in looking after the roads. He was very sorry that Mr. Raison, an old alderman who used to look after the roads well, had had been defeated. He would do his best for the ratepayers in the future. (Applause.) Alderman Fraser said he felt very thankful to the ratepayers for having given him a seet in their Council, and he hoped that when his three years were up they would not regret the step they hadttaleh in placing him there. He ha watched the rise and progress of th~Counoil, and he''hought the Shell harlour-Tongarrabro'd was better than any btjrerthst de new that was kept up with mudicipa funde. So far as he cold bhe w uld see that the rates were sepentin a. air and equitable manner all over the borough. There were, of : ourseo s' meroads and some pieces that were worse than others, and he would do what he could to got those made right. (Applause.) Mr. Raison said he appeared before them as a defeated candidate, but must Ssay that he was Just as well pleased. iAhanked those who had voted for him host heartily, and also -those who -hadvoted eagainsthim, for the latter, thoughhu:aintentionally, had perhaps ; conferrednupon him a greater benefit than thoee who had voted forhim. He had been iz the Council longer than any gentleuman iorer, excepting, perhaps, two -(Mr. ser and Mr. Brownle), and.duringhi long min icipal career he had done whahoe conudered was his duty~ (HRear, )er.) o knew that anyjoo who tookan aoti'e partin muni cipal wdrklr.s b nd toako enemies, while those who wvnt onsin a sleepy kind of way-betwdqn the bark and the tree--could clwys jpmmand support. WVhatever he went inie he must go into heart and soul to make the thing a success, and he alwayse worked at nnything to ur.dertok" to the best of his ability, i(ut if they did their putlie duty oresT? they were ouro to m eko eroni.s, Ant old candi. date in Kiama, someyears ago, said he Shad bsen try, gfor m usy years to serve _'ad please the public, but he had made ip hill srflA tht@i itR;oefl3 ie would try to please himself. That had been his (Mr. Raison's) motto for some years past, for when he pleased himself he considered that he ought to please the public, his own conscience being about as hard to please as any master he had got. He bogged to propose a hearty vote of thanks to their worthy Retorning Officer, who was oue of the fairest mor they could get to conduct an eloection such as they had had that day. (Applause.) Ex-Alderman Bartlett seconded the motion in eulogistic terms, The vote having been accorded with acclamat'in, and tendered by Ex-Alder man Raison, The Returing Officer thanked them for the happy minner in which they h.d carried the mo'ion, and said it was always a pleasure to him to do his duty. Like his friend Mr. Rlison he had always tried to tpend the rtes fairly. There was more traffi. on the roads now than formerly owing to the muk busi ness, and it conastquently took more money to keep them in repair. It they were to have better seasons he had no doubt they would have better roads, but latterly there had been wet seasons, and the Oounoil's moeans had not been eufficient to enable them to keep pace wihb fh(be rPpaira that were required. There were two classes of men who ought Sto ho disfranchised-those who didn'cgo to Vote Had those who plumped. The foi nar were not worthy of a vote, or of noti,.o, and the latter seemed to forget that they should put in the best men. (Hear, hear.) lHe did not think half the i rcepay;ra in Albion Park had voted, II., had nut looked at the other plaees, but the pillitig all round seemed very emall. (ier, heoar, and applause.) LoOa, OrnioN VOTE. The 1ical option vote resulted as follows 1 Albion Shell. Dnm. Tulllmm Parkharuourmoro bar Tota For now licnscs .. 25 7 8 0 40 Against ditto .. .. 51 85 11 9 87 emovadls of llicenses 27 10 5 1 40 Against ditto .. .. 23 20 lu 10 C8 The majority was against either new licenees or removals. There were 12 informal local option votes at the Park, 10 at Sheliharbour, 5 at Dunmore, and 1 at Tullimbar.- Atercury. 