BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER ' ' ' ' There is so much meanness and selfish ness and dishonesty in this world, that it is with an absolute sense of happiness and relief that I take this opportunity to record some deeds of unselfisKness, humanity and love, which make one think better of his kind and throw some rays of sunshine upon this dark and evil time. I mentioned last week that a Jewish firm in Brooklyn had donated the sum of ten thousand dollars to charity; they did better than that. The firm that made the dona tion was the great dry-goods house of Abraham & Strauss, and they tendered to the Brooklyn charities twenty-five per cent. of the gross receipts of one of the busiest days of holiday week instead of ten thou sand dols., so that the donation of the firm was over $11,000. The cheque was sent to the mayor without any restrictions, and was divided among the various- charities of . the city. A pleasant incident of New Year's Day was the first marriage performed by the new mayor. ' He had a friend, a rich brewer by the name of Scharman, who had a beautiful- daughter who was to be married on Monday. It was the wish of the bride's father and-of the bride and" groom that the new mayor should begin his official life by tying "the nuptial knot. The wedding came off in style, the new mayor, like the gallant gentleman that he is, claiming the usual prerogative. As he- was about to depart an ■ envelope was handed to him enolosing a five hundred dollar cheque, which immediately went into the charity fund, and the next day two hundred and fifty poor families rejoiced two dollars and a half each that Mr. Scharman's daughter was married and that we had such a generous and charitable mayor in Brooklyn. The charity ball was a grand success. Twelve thousands dollars was the result, and thousands of poor families will send a prayer to heaven for those, who even by their amusements, were able to do so much for the poor. As the days go by and new tales of want and suffering unfold, it seems as if new angels of mercy were starting up on every hand to do God's work for his suffering wards. Never before in my memory have I heard so little about doctrinal points or religious differences. It is not a questic n of—is he a Jew or a Gen tile who gives, or. a Buddhist or Mahom medan who wants ? Is he poor, is he hun gry, has he shelter from the biting winter cold ? These being answered, the relief is instantaneous and bountiful. It may be hard times, very hard times, but, thank God, the world is better than many of us thought. There is more humanity, more Christian charity in this, world than many of us dreamed of; it only wanted the opportunity to bring it What reason have we to complain ? In no land on which the sun shines has the Creator been so bountiful. In the past year we have produced of the metals gold, silver, iron, and lead—over six hundred million of dollars. Our corn crop is worth a thousand millions; our wheat crop nearly five-hundred millions; our. hay crop a thousand millions; then there are cattle and hogs, many millions more. Why should there be hard times ? It . is only a few years aga that .our exports were many millions more than our imports, but latterly the balance of trade has besn heavily against us. We seem to be like a mighty ship afloat on a stormy sea without rudder or compass, and in this dread uncertainty hundreds of thousands suffer. One of the remarkable features of the season has been the number of divorces. One unhappy pair had only been married a week, and another had weathered it out for forty-six years. I can well understand how parties married only a week might discover that they had made a terrible mistake, but after having survived the storm and sunshine of forty-six years, you might think that with a very moderate amount of patience they might have weathered it out for the. few years that remained; but no, both were determined, and they got what they asked for, and no doubt were very sorry when it was all over. _ One of the most pitiful affairs that has occurred under my notice took place on Wednesday, when , the well-known female writer Shirely Dare (Mrs. Power) was , arrested by her son for petty larceny. She and her son,-a young-man of' twenty-two, have been publishing a paper here, the mother being the editor, and the son the publisher. A short time ago the son made up his mind to get married, and to this the mother was bitterly opposed. Mrs. Power, or Shirely Dare, is a woman of strong con victions, as indicated by her writings, and since the death of her husband, several years ago, has had a hard hand to hand fight with fate to keep her head above water. She avers that her husband was insane and that her son has inherited the hereditary taint, and that there has not been a week for the past ten years that he has not beaten her; just think of the horror of such a life. After the son's mar riage, which only occurred a few weeks ago, Mrs. Power's troubles began to multiply; the son, who she says beat her, discharged her from the position of editor of the paper which he published, and which was her main means of living, and when she attempted to take' some manuscripts from her desk, called in a policeman and had her arrested for larceny. The t<j|nng on the face is shocking. We have some very bad stock in New York, but if there is anything worse than Mr. Power I don't want to hear ' about him or read-about him. Speaking about the number of divorce suits, there was one before the courts which was very unique in its character, and out of which the injured husband came i triumphant. [ A very flashy blonde young woman appeared before the courts last week as an applicant for divorce, and she demanded twenty-five dollars a week alimony and two hundred and fifty dollars counsel fee, alleg ing non-support and excessive cruelty. There was only one witness in the case, and that was the complainant's mother, and she appeared for her son-and-law and testified that he supported his Wife well, that he was .always kind and gentle, and that her daughter was a termagant, with whom no man could live in peace, and that personally she was very sorry for the young man in having such a wife. It is hardly necessary to say she was thrown out. of court. . . There is a strauge case being tried lttthe court here which involves a heavy case of life insurance, and which the companies involved propose to fight to the bitter end. It is three years ago since John C. Austin went down to Coney Island on the fourth of July and engaged a bath-house and suit J and started out tp t^ke a swim. As far as at present actually known, this was the last time he was ever seen alive. His clothes and watch were found in the bath- house, and a witness was found who swore thaton that identical night he was standing on the . beach when two men entered the water from the bath-house; they gamboled about on the surf for some time, when one of them made a dive iinder kn advancing wave and never caine np again. Thfe amount of life insurance held by -Mr. Austin was quite heavy, and was divided among* several companies, and they resolved to fight the elaim, averring that the proof of death was not sufficient; and moreover it was sworn to by several Adirondack guides that Mr. Austin had been seen in the Adirondacks less than a year ago. Additional interest was given to the case this week when Col. James, the counsel for the insurance com panies, declared that when the proper time came he would have Mr. Austin in court alive and in his right mind. As many thousands of dollars depend on the issue, we are all anxiously awaiting the appear ance of the ghost. One of the sensations of the week is fur nished as usual by Brooklyn; It is nothing le3S than an old-fashioned minstrel per formance by one hundred of Brooklyn's loveliest daughters, with burnt cork, tam bourine and bones, interlocutor, and all the usual accompaniments of a first-class minstrel show. The ladies giving this entertainment for sweet charity's sake, belong to Brooklyn's four hundred, and society has been on the qui vive for several weeks past to know how the affair was going to turn out. It was an agreeable, artistic, and financial surprise. Of course all Brooklyn turned out., $,nd the result was several hundred dollars for charity . This spontaneous action on the . part of all classes in behalf of the poor, seems to be crowned with especial blessing. One day last week a ' rich man who had himself subscribed handsomely, put a placard about his neck, and on it was written, '* I am begging for the poor." The police arrested him, and he had $15 in nickels in his pockets, and the justice discharged him because there was no doubt but that he intended to use it for the purpose indicated. — Once more Dr. Parkhurst comes promin ently to the front; the issue now lies between him and DeLancy Nicoll* the retiring Dis trict Attorney. ; Dr. Parkhurst maintains that our police is rotten from bottom to top, and he recently endeavored to get the Grand Jury to indict Captain Schmittberger who had been promoted to the place of Captain Devery in the Tenderloin District. He also lodged complaints against Superin tendent Byrnes and Inspector "Williams, the most powerful men in the Police Depart ment ; but the Grand Jury- failed to act. The work of Doctor Parkhurst rises in the public estimation every day. It is not so much against the unfortunate creatures whose houses have been- closed, as against the infamous officials who have fattened and grown rich on the wages of their sin. The late elections are like the handwriting on the wall of the Assyrian King: Thou hast been weighed in the balance and found wanting. Every effort is being made to shield the guilty; but Nemesis is on their track, and the day of doom is not' far off. 