A SULTRY CLIMATE. R. UGH ON HiVERINA. A writer in an English newspaper siys that Booligal in Riverine, New Souih Wales, ia wellknown as one of the hottest pwc-s 011 the Australian continent, anil iln>re is a regulation story bearing? 011 its extreme sultriness which is told loerery trareller who visits thoer par's. There was a very bad mail who once lived in Booligal—ao advertisement canvasser—who, when he was not advertisement canvassing, was basking in the sun, and ho was such an abnormally wicked man withal that there was never any doubt in the Booligal people's minds as to where he would go when he died. Die he did eventually, as the story noes, and tlia town felt relieved. A few nights after his death, however, a local storekeeper was going the rounds of Ins stor'j to make thiiies mcure for the nigh:, when lie c«mo acrofg th» fellow's ghost, busily engaged in packing up a bundle of blankets I Ha .had come back for some warm covering. This characteristic yarn is now capped by the story of a party of Kiverina men who came over recently on a visit to England. They felt the cold badly as FOOII as tliey landed, one of them, a forcier Booligal man soon developed pneumonia, and died off quick'}'. He left orders that be was to be cremate.), so Ins friends had him taken to Woking and sent to the oven in due form. The next day there was to be another cremation, and when the attendants opened the door of the crematory they were aurprised to hear a voice tiom within nhoating :—Will you fellows shut that dour ? I was just beginning to feel nice and warm for the firsttune since I came to this beastly country I" MAX O'RELL ON AUSTRALIA.—Max O'Rell, has an article in the ' Revue de Paris' entitled ' In Australia,' in which he contrasts the Dolitical system of the colonies with that of the United States. Australia is a political reproduction of England. England is a republic with an heredi tarv President, purely constitutional. America is an autocracy, with an elected monarch invested with power almost asabsolute as that of tbe Czar. There is nothing American in the Australian Constitution, nor, in the opinion of Mr Blouet, is there any likelihood of Canada becoming a part of tha United States. 'I have travailed all over the world and 1 have lived in England and in the two great-- est Republics of France and America, and I bare arrived at the conviction that there exists on our planet only one people perfectly free politically and socially, and that is tbe English. The lore of liberty and independence is so firmly rooted in, that when it establishes a colony it cannot conceive it otherwise than free and independent. The sovereign. of A ustralia (continues Max O'Rell) is neither the Queen, nor the Governor nominated by her, nor the members of Parliament elected by the people, nor the Ministers chosen by tha Parliament; the lord and master of Australia is the workman. Unfortunately, be does not profit by the opportune ity, and he takes care that others shall not do to. Hej's lazy, drunken, a sieve—thinking only of his own pleasures, and taking no interest in tbe development of his country. He vegetates in great towns, whilst the country is crying for hands." He would do well to imitate the Chinaman whom be d«spise<. . 