WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mas. H. H. JENNINGS lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Mies Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, bat in good order. One night early in December, 1891, the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. Tbey left the gas burniug, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking But as tbey went into tbe parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part_ of his face was concealed by a mask, bis eyes gleaming through tbe eyeholes in it. HiB shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Tbe women fled screaming from tbe room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windowB securely looked. What was it the women Baw ? " During a recent period of 111 health," writes an American triend, " I bad slept badly for several successive nigbts. Oa tbe fourth of these nights, about two o'clock,! was suddenly aroused ftom a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of. tbe bed stood .the image of my mother, just as she looked five years before, as she was. leaving home to go on .a journey, on which journey she was killed in a, railway disaster. I screamed and. fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of.it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and its more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end of the tricks the nerves will, play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, .that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Boad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as followB:-"/ was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wisb them far away in case I should call out for help This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in tbe morning felt little tbe better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my bead and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach abd bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I bad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said be didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomaob. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I haa given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's. Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across tbe room, and by the end of the week I went down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left mo," The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia aud nervous pro stration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only wben the Syrup had given new vigour to the diges tion and thus fed and toned the nerves. . Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and Bounds mean nothing more or lees than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts corns from tbe inside of trie person who Bees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyeB aud ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 3188i« 