Glen Elgin Electors Agitated. (By 'Bob the Reefer'.) ; On Saturday afternoon about 70 miners assembled at Mr. AV.- Dolphin's, to hear an address from Mr. W-. G.: Cameron, who had announced that- he would speak here at 4 p.m. on that day. Four o clock auly arrived, but Mr. Cameron did not accompany it, and . when five o'clock showed up and still no signs of the local candidate we we beginning to fear that- we would be cheated out of our in tellectual treat. Six o'clock slowly carpe along, and in its wake came a short note, .stating that Mr. Cameron was indisposed and could not possibly attend. It appears he had got as far as the Nob the night before, but whether his indisposition was brought on by the unpleasant state of the weather and the .swollen creeks, or by Mrs. M'Cormack's good cheer the note did not say. A good deal of sympathy was expressed, and it was hoped by all present that he would be quite recovered in time for the general election, as it is confi dently expected here that he will ' top the poll,' this confidence being brought about by the perusal of a letter of W. G. C s. mildly complimenting ' Glencoe,' which appeared in a late issue of the Examiner. Well, as Mr. Cameron disappointed us, we were deter-, mined to hold a meeting anyhow. As several of those present essayed to air their knowledge on the 'political state of Denmark,' a move was « made to the nearest slringybark stump, and Senor Alickio was voted to the chair. He came forward with a very pompous air and a drill stuck in his belt, and began thusly : — I am to take the chair and if any ' kangaroo's fadder' attempts to kick np any row I will knock him on the head with this here drill, before he can say 'magnesia.' (Hear, hear.) I will call on Mr. Rudyard Kipling to address the meeting. Mr. Kipling, who was well received, said : Senor Alickio and miners-, as we are denied the distinguished privilege of hearing a learned address from an intending candidate, for par liamentary honors and the parliamentary honorarium, I will try to enlighten your minds on the political muddle of the' Continent, which I am sorry to say is at present in such a state of chaos as threaten to embroil all the universe in all the ghastly horrors of war. . Mr. J. Wallish : What do you know about it ; any fool here knows more than you. Mr. Kipling : Great Casar's ghost ; you don't say so ! Say, are you in a perfect state of convalescence, or are you overcome by the exuberance of your own pomposity ? Senor, I beg to apologise for the extreme laxity of- my unpremeditated remarks. Wallish collapsed as if a thousand of bricks came on him, bnt he quickly found a cham pion, and Mr. ' Tweldays Bushed, said : I think it would be a judicious, a judicious ar— , a judicious ar — Mr. J. Delions : Somebody find the 1 mis sing word !' Mr. Tweldays Bushed : A judicious ar-ar- rangement, that's it if Mr. Rudyard Kipling would use er, er, simpler language when ad dressing us as we can't very well understand him. Mr. Pat. Dennilong : 'Ye are all talking through ye're necks. Mr. Kipling : As I was going to say when I was interrupted by that 'nincompoop,' the affairs ot- Denmark ar« causing widespread anxiety. Mr. Puckey : What do we care about them ; I'm a Cousin Jack, . and twenty thou- gmd cousin Jack's will hold England against tfie world. Mr. Ken. Hawk : Yes, with hob-nailed boots and stringybark-handled shovels. The Chairman', flourishing his drill : Order, or I will bring this ruby drill down on some of your / Mr. Ordain s Don't you ; go home and have a wash ! "(Collapse of Chairman.) ; Mr. Kipling again addressed the meeting, but lie was refused a hearing, and stepped down. Several others present attempted to speak, but as they all kept going at the same time there was a perfect Babel of tongues, inter spersed with whistling, shouting and singing for variety. This lasted quite half an- hour, and the meeting, which ended in a fiasco, was indefinitely postponed. The next one will probably be held when Mr. Souter comes to air his eloquence and intelligence, until which time, au revoir. 