Ladies’ Gossip. Another woman of mark—Mmc. Kocckliu Schwartz, ninny years of whoso life have keen devoted to good works—has received what is still to ho considered, whero a woman is con cerned, the highest reward of morit—namely, tho Cross of the Legion of Honor. Tho small number of womon who havo tho right to wear tho red ribbon—they are not more than twonty, oven whon reckoning tho members of the religious musing communities—renders this a distinction of tho highest ordor. Vastly dif ferent is tho violet ribbon belonging to tho Palmos Acadomiques, which has of Into years been almost too generously awarded for ser vices ill defined. Tho special character of this honorable grado is too often lost ■ito sight, and persons are admitted into the list A Dinner Dress. Dinner drees of broclie, with plain full skirt, bodice trimmed with lace and jet, finished-with & bow at the aide; sleeves very bouffaut, with small cuff of velvet irom which lace rall3, who have nover done much to further educa tion in any form ; but this year the Govern ment ha3 been somewhat more circumspect. Among the nominations that appeared last week were several female name3. The dreadful tragedy which occurred the other day in the Ttuo des Martyrs, when a family consisting of father, mother and daughter put an end to their livea to escape tho shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a great deal of comment and much very real com miseration. All their preparations seem to have been made with a stoicism that savors of tho antique, and which one would hardly expect to find iD an average middle-class household. Rather unfairly, perhaps, the opponents of ad vanced education for women sot the. tragedy down to tho effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mmd ; for many rofuso to admit that the project could havo been con ceived by either of the parents, but muBtliavo originated with the daughter, who had roceivod a superior education to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to get her pastels accepted at tho Salon, preyed upon the young girl’s mind—she was only twenty- three—was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over her parentsmay have influenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of tho nursery superstitions. Tho thief in the caudle ; the stranger in the tea cup ; the name that lurks in tho coiTeo grounds; tho bubbles in tho tea eup that mean kisses; lucky money; the burning of tho right or left ears; the itching of the nose; the itching of the eyes; turning the money at tho new moon; tho sneezing of the cat. All those are harmless little things at which tho children laugh; they do not influence conduct—they make supersti tious riduculous. It would bo a very pleasant thing for the Thirteenth Club to eolobrate some of these superstitions; an onormous number can be collected. The Folk-Lore Society ; the author of the “ Golden Rough ; ” the Psychical Society could contributo hun dreds of these pretty, idle, merry littlo super stitions. Rut the club must invite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls to go out and look for it, is tlio uso of the now moon ? Without girls to counteract tho -.warning, what h tho good of an itching noso ? And, of course, for the Thirteenth Club there are most magnificent openings in tho shape of ghosts of all kinds. Rut those things will follow in due course ; “LikaJoko” is a most ingenious young gentleman. , In the New Testament tho twelve founda tions of the New Jerusalem are represented ns of so many precious stones, comprising tho amethyst, beryl, chrysolite, chrysoprase, chal-, cedony, emerald, jacinth, jaspor, sapphiro, sardius, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by somo are supposed to represent as many apostolic virtues, such as : 1\. Amethyrst—Sobriety nud temperance. 2\. Reryl—Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chalcedony—Ardent zenl. 4\. Chrysolite—Restrained by no obstacles. 5\. Chrysoprase—Severity towards sin, 6\. Emerald—Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper—Firmness and constancy. 3\. Hyacinth'or Jacinth—Calmness in all things. 9\. Sapphire — Heavenly and beautiful thoughts. 10\. Sardius—Readiness for martyrdom. 11\. Sardonyx—Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz—Healing power. In case of fire n wet silk handkerchief tied without folding; over the faco is a complete security against suffocation by smoke; it permits free breathing, and at the same time excludes the smoke from the lungs. The “ Daily Graphic” gives an accouut of life at Krobo. on the Gold Coast colony. One of the customs of the country is that every girl,, in order to become eligible for marriage, is obliged to leave hor family and spend a. period of 18 months on the sacred mount. Here she is instructed in housekeeping, etc. The idea is not a bad 