News in Brief. " Brief then-what's the news."-KING JOHN. Dan Mayne and party made a haul of over 100 fish on Monday. A vacancy occurs in the local Licensing Bench owing to the death of Mr. W. Lam rook, J,P. Mr. Jim Hull, a Windsor native, has been elected President of the Bathurst La bour League. The annual meeting of members of the Windsor School of Arts will be held next Monday evening. Mrs. Webber, wife of Be v. E. Webber, onoe of Windsor, but now of Tamworth, was in town this week. Senr-Sergeant Boyd is gazetted Licensing Inspector for Windsor, vice Sub- Inspector Fitzpatrick, resigned. We hear that some of the local bakers sell bread at the rate of 3d a loaf by the half-dozen. Yet they used to say 8£d " dozent " pay. Mr. S. Burdekin, M.P. President of the Sydney Liedertafel, last week decorated with the ten years' service gold badge several members of that musical organiza tion. Thieves have been visiting the farm and orchard of Mr. S. Nicholls, at Mulgrave. They will get more than they bargain for the next time they go wandering round the premises. Owing to the illness of Rev. S. G. Field ing, there was no evening service at St. Matthew's Church of England on Sunday last. The morning service was conducted by Mr. J. J. Paine, clergyman's warden. Mr. H. Bowd will oppose Aid. Primrose for South Ward and Mr. F. Simon is ex pected to enter the lists against Aid. J. T. Gosper for Central Ward. It is unlikely that Aid. Paine will meet with any opposi tion. A goodly number of men have secured employment digging potatoes for the far mers. The price paid this year ranges' from 8d to lOd per bag, and the champion "dig ger " is said to have totalled 54 bags last week. The potatoes have to be unearthed, picked, cleaned and bagged for from 8d to lOd. A young man, who can pretty well claim to be the champion meat-pie eater of the district, was in town on Saturday last. He strolled into a local hair- dressing saloon, and boasted that fourteen or fifteen pies were but a moderate feed for him, rather surprising four or five persons present. We wouldn't like to have to live in the same street as the contemptible cur] who has for some weeks been endeavouring to induce a Windsor man to issue a writ against the GAZETTE for alleged libel. The man who would steal a blind man's dog wouldn't be meaner than this fellow. An adjournmed meeting of the Revision Court was held before Mr. W. H. H. Becke ! on Tuesday, when several corrections were made and two names allowed. The Bench Waited some time to allow applicants from the Pitt Town Settlement to appear, but as some of them did not attend, their names were stuck out. Mr. John Tebbutt, of the Peninsula Ob- servatory, Windsor, administered a severe reproof, in Friday's " Telegraph," to Mr. Russell, Government Astronomer. It would appear that every attempt is made in and out of season by those in authority in this colony to ignore Mr. Tebbutt's scientific labours, which are appreciated in the Northern more largely than in the Southern Hemisphere. The Windsor contributor to the " Bath- urst Sentinel" says :-- " Mr Dan Holland was about the smartest and one of the best Mayors that Windsor ever had. He was certainly not afraid to do his duty, even if it did make him very ' unpopilar.' I don't believe in Mayors or policemen who become general favourites with the public. I fancy they wink too much." There is a heap of truth in this, and the GAZETTE cheerfully admits it, even though Mr. D. Holland was candidly criticised by this paper during his tenure of office. " Truth" again :-" Burdekin will cer- tainly be hotly opposed for the Hawkesbury. The millionaire's WARMEST supporters will see to that, for they know Sid. has a few thousands to spare, and there is nothing like keeping the money in the district. Possibly this is one of the penalties our plutocrats have to pay, and which Pastor Jeffries used to allude to so feelingly in his Mr. John Ward left for Western Austra- lia last Saturday. Rev. C. F. Garnsey has been gazetted honorary Chaplain of the Mounted Rifle Brigade. La Grippe has been very prevalent in the district lately, and there ure quite a number of cases about town. Mrs. sinfield, an old resident of the town, removed to Sydney last week, after a residence here of many years. The liberal offer of Herr Hellmerick to form a town band should be accepted, and some attempt made to establish one. A good number of Windsor residents at- tended the funeral of the late Mr. W Lamrock, of Kurrajong, on Monday last. Mr. John Hough, Cornwallis, has been seriously ill, as also Mr. Farlow, Newtown, and Mr. John Alderton, Gosper's Groves. This must be a very quiet district, as for some time past there have been no inmates at Windsor gaol. The cells are absolutely deserted. Mr. J. Hardie, of Clydesdale, will leave on a trip to the old country next month, His brother will reside at Clydesdale during his absence. Messrs. F. Nagle and B. Bolton, so we hear, have sold out their business at War- ren, and intend to try their luck in West- ern Australia. Mr. G. H. Mobbs has a sale of furniture, paintings, vehicles, horses, cattle, poultry, etc., at " The Bungalow," Booty Hill, to day (Saturday). Hop Sing, a local vegetable vending bar- barian, lost a purse containing money on Monday morning, and it was found by Mr. Jas. Holmes, who returned it to the Celes- tial. The Rev. Meeks, a Dublin University scholar, conducted divine service at the Presbyterian Church last Sunday in place of the pastor, Bev. P. Fitzgerald, who is away. Much speculation is rife amongst the magistrates as to which of their number will fill the vacant position on the Licen- sing Bench. One well-known J.P. would like the position. Sparrows and 'finches are a great nuisance to the farmers in all parts of the district. They destroy all small grain crops, and are now even turning their at tention to the maize. Some sensation was caused on Sunday evening, when a female was seen disporting herself in the river near the bridge, in full view of several onlookers. The young woman is said to be non compus mentus. " Richmond River Times " says :-" It is not everyone in this part of the country who knows that Dan Mayne is one of th< few editors who made enough in the news paper line to retire. Dan rusticates a Windsor." A ghost was seen in the vicinity of St Matthew's Church of England (Demeter one evening last week. So we are informed at any rate, by a young man who, whils walking in the locality, received a frigh which he did not get over for an hour o two afterwards. The correspondent to the " Bathurs Sentinel" has been keeping a warn column in that paper every week of lat concerning Windsor and its inhabitants Some of the items are like the weather pre vailing just now. Mr. J. Christensen has shown us ; sample of red garden tiles he makes, whid seem equal to, if not better than, thoa made in Sydney. He is also a maker c fancy flooring tiles, and although the time are bad, he has a ready sale for bricks an his other manufactures. A strong stench pervades the atmospher in the hollow of Macquarie-street, nea j Suffolk-street, said to be from the drainag from theJBenevolent Asylum, which remain in the hollow, being unable to get awaj The Council are digging a drain throug Mr. Dean's paddock to run the water off. Messrs. Abbott and Thornborrow ai making their work-shops look spruce an business-like with the assistance of pair and skill. The renovated appearance < their premises, and the sounds of the han mer issuing therefrom combine to make tb immediate neighbourhood quite live an progressive. Mr. William Mahoney, from the Nev castle district, and formerly of the Nelso Public-school, Windsor district, commence his duties aa first assistant teacher at Pai ramatta North Public-school on Monda last. Mr. Edward Maguire, of Aubur Public-school, and son of the genial Phi ^^^^n^^^s^^e^^^^s^^^^a^ ..s;H. .' T.., ? . ---: Held Over.-Correspondence, country news, &c;, &o.; _ Bob forrester has been waging war on the flying foxes, and killed 10 in two shots the other day. Mr. W. Morgan has visited some parts of the electorate during the week. The election is not far ahead. Mr Melhuish, Inspector of Dairies, has paid his periodical visit of inspection to the district, and reports favourably. Mrs. Huxley, of Pitt Town, who fell a a few weeks ago, and broke her thigh- bone, is now an inmate of the Hospital. Mr Bart Kirwan one day this week shot a lead coloured snake whilst entering his father's residence at Clarendon. Next Tuesday evening a public meeting in support of the Federation movement is to be held at the Windsor Behool of Arts. Rev B Dinning got a counterfeit coin in the collection-plate at the Wesleyan Church, Richmond, this week. Counterfeit coin Counterfeit Christian. The Rosehill Race-club have consented to allow the Hawkesbury Race-club to hold their next meeting on the Rose Hill Race course in March. At the Windsor Police Court on Tues day, January 28, before Messrs. W. H. H, Becke, P.M., D. Holland, and T. Primrose. J's.P. a slaughtering license was granted to James Davidson, of Ebenezer. In the article entitled " Old St. Mat thew's," printed in last week's GAZETTE, the name of Rev. C. Blackett was erron eously given as the compiler, instead of I that of his brother, Rev. Â. R. Blackett. Bulletin says Mr S. Burdekin vows he will not take in Sydney Mayoral Chair again until the allowance at present made is doubled. It also says he could live on the interest of the interest of the interest of his income. À general meeting of shareholders in the Pitt Town Butter Company is to be held next Wednesday evening, at the factory. The supply of milk is increasing. Mr. Melhuish, the Inspector of Dairies, visited the factory this week, and declared it to be as clean and as well-kept as any in N.S.W., -thanks to the hard-working and careful manager, Mr. Charles. We most heartily recommend Wolfe's Schnapps as a pure invigorant, good alike for men, women, and even infants. It tones and braces up the system, and aids digestion. One pound orders are glaced under the labels of many of the large ottles. To secure the genuine article, buy a whole bottle, and don't be imposed upon by worth, ess imitations. Wolfe's Schnapps is a well-known and well-tried stimulant, and was sold fifty years ago by Chemists as a tonic. A number of visitors from Richmond were present at the meeting of Windsor I. O.G.T. Lodge on Thursday evening and a very pleasant time was spent. Bro. Cartwright stated that a bus had been taken taken by the Richmond Lodge to convey members to the Pitt Town Settlement on Tuesday evening, reaching Windsor at 7 p.m. The Rev W. H. Howard gave a very in teresting address on Queensland in the Wesleyan Chnrch on Wednesday evening. Mr Howard has resided in the sister colony for seven years, and has interested himself in its moral and social progress. Lime light views were shown, illustrating the scenery, &c;, from North to South. Mr C. E. Broome proposed, and Mr. J. Lane seconded, a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer. The Rev. S. G. Fielding was taken seriously ill with La Grippe on Thursday last, and was not able to conduct divine service on Sunday at St. Matthew's Church of England. The reverend gentleman passed a very bad night on Sunday, and was very unwell on Monday. The sickness came at rather an important time, the lat ter end of the week and also at the time I the revenid gentleman was preparing two j entertainments connected with his church. The following statement was made at the meeting of the Windsor Borough Coun cil on Weddesday evening :-Arrears of rates on 24th January 1894-North Ward (1898 ¿148 19s lld, previous year's £59 10s 6d), ¿203 10s 8d ; Central Ward (1898 £217 12s 7d, previous year's £69 14s ld), £287 6s 8d ; South Ward (1898 £120 14/8, previous year's £88 5s 3d) £158 19s 6d. Total rates owing for previous year, £167 9s lOd, for 1898 £482 6s 9d. Grand total, £642 16s 5d. The Rev. B. Dmning opened a Good Templars' Lodge at the Pitt Town Settle ment on Tuesday evening. Mr. Kilduff, employed on the railway line, killed 24 snakes on Tuesday-22 young and two old ones. He's a terror to the ophid ians. The members of the Carey Bound tile World Company have been staying in iowa for the past fortnight. They came from Penrith. Mr H. Clements is exhibiting in his shop window a gigantic baking-apple of th« " Lord Nelson" variety, grown by Mr. Joseph Cusbert. Mr L. Pye has left Windsor, after a short stay, for Parramatta, where he is pur chasing a business, and intends to com mence in the ancient town. Two old-time Hawkesbury clergymen, Rev. E. Hargrave and Rev. G. Darcy-Ir vine, took part in a lecture entertainment at Castle Hill the other night. Owing to there being no service at the Church of England on Sunday night, many availed themselves of the opportunity of attending the Wesleyan Church, the at tendance being good. Last week our office was besieged by quite a crowd of persons wanted to register their vines, everyone having a most doleful countenance, and wishing the Vine Diseases Board were at Eamschatka. The Inspector of Nuisances was badly wanted in George-street at the commence ment of the week, to remove a dead cat, which was lying some days in the main thoroughfare. No one would give it a de cent interment. A " free show " is always well patronised in Windsor. Some itinerant players took possession of Boston's Corner on Monday and Tuesday evenings, and the square was crowded. When the collection-boxes went round there was a scatter amongst the audience. Very little business at the Police-court of late, and no inmates at the gaol. Ii morals keep on improving like this m Wind sor, the gaol will have to be handed over to the Salvation Army as a barracks, and the gentlemen in blue will have to don the red shirt and hold forth. Some friendly rivalry is going on at the other end of the town between two fruit sellers. The other day one of them ex hibited in his window a specimen of fruit,* labelling it, ' This was grown at the Bull* ridge.' The other purveyor, not to be outdone, exhibited a better specimen, label ing it, ' This was NOT grown at the Bull* ridge.' Business-men who have been established in Windsor for years, state that it is a matter of impossibility to do trade on the cash system-that they have reduced their prices as an inducement to customers to pay cash, but find that the majority of them prefer to pay a little extra tor the " con venience" of getting on the tradesmen's books. [What about E. Board and Tom Masters ?-- ED.]_ Although Herr Hellmerick offered to get a brass band together, and to act as con ductor gratuitously, there is not sufficient enterprise amongst the musicians in town to meet him in in his laudable endeavour. For sheer laziness Windsor young men can not be approached anywhere. Perhaps they would like some one to pump wind into them to blow their brass instruments, as the exertion otherwise might be too much for them. Two burnt-cork " Aboriginals" (the latter is what a good many seemed to think they were), descended upon George-street from the north end during the beautiful moon light hours of last Saturday evening, and discoursed alleged sweet music from primi tive instruments, varied by occasional dongs and danceB, to a constantly accompanying crowd ; and it was not till 2 a.m. on Sunday morning that the crowd and the minstrels melted in the silences and shadows of the southern end of George-street. Perhaps our local Salvationists may gather a wrinkle or two from their methods as to the best way of entertaining the crowd. The Rev. J. Kinghorn, of Richmond, says he knows nothing of an elaborate scheme which appeared a few days ago in a Sydney morning paper, which stated that I the Presbyterians intended to establish I village-settlements in connection with their church ; but thinks the energetic reporter of the " Daily Telegraph " must have been hoaxed ; and as regards the information referring to his respected old friend, the Rev. P. Fitzgerald, of Windsor, being sent by the Synod to examine the New Zealand settlements, it is just about as big a hoax as the before-mentioned item of hews. 