TOO LATE. rjfBANK and I had quarrelled coming •II home from Mrs. Cartwright's party. I knew it was all my fault, but 1 would nol acknowledge it, and we had parted in anytiling but a lover-like manner. Half the night I lay awake t hinking how foolish it all was, my flirting with that «My, conceited Clarence Walker, who w«»s not lit ;to be mentioned beside Frank ; and yet I had giveu him every reason to think 1 cared jniore for him than anyone else. Frank was [usually too good-natured to take any notice •of my petty flirtations, but this time 1 had carried it further than ever before, and he t yh ad spoken sharply on our way home. 1 [had resented this, and quick words followed, j until we bad parted in anger for the first Jtime in all our acquaintance. j My conscience whispered " You are to j blame, write to him and say so." But my 'stubborn pride said, " Never ! he must make > the first advances." Dull and heavy-eyed, I came down to | breakfast the next morning, thinking that ino one knew of our folly except ourselves, j*but I was mistaken. Aunt Ruth's eyes 1 were keen and sharp where the happiness of ]those she loved was concerned, and few ithings transpired between Frank and me | that she did not learn in some manner. The day was dark and rainy, which was not the kind of weather calculated to cheer me in my unhappy mood. I wandered over the house like some unquiet ghost. " Write and tell hiui you are sorry ! " urged my better self. " Never !" Pride answered stoutly. I Frank had never before attended me to a 'party without calling the next day to tenquire after my health ; but the day .dragged on, and no Frank appeared. I 'tried to make myself believe I had not expected him, and did not care to see hiin ; but down iu the depth of my heart I continually hoped he would come. / Our dinner hour was past, and the eyening tfar advanced. I had at last given up all iiope of his coming and had settled down to m. defiant, angry mood, as if I were t he oue most deeply wronged. " Fll never, never iforgive him!" I said fiercely to myself, while lall the while my heart ached. C VVe were in our cosy parlour, Aunt Ruth nd I, I pretending to be busy with some "fancy work, and Aunt Ruth sitting before the open grate, book in hand, though I could plain 1 -" see that she was not reading. 1 'liiad of anythingthat would make the time less wearisome, I took a seat on a low hassock at her feet. J " More than twenty-five years ago, in the early days of the war, when I was your age, I first met Richard Antrim," she began, letting one hand rest caressingly on my head, ]while the other held a screen between her •eyes and the firelight. " A pleasant 'acquaintance soon ripened into love, and we 'were engaged, with the warmest approval of our respective families. I loved Richard •very dearly, but J was thoughtless, and, I •fear, liked to make him jealous. I fancied there could be no love without jealousy, foolish child that I was, and so delighted in 'winning what I thought was a proof of his VdFection. But I tried this once i.oo often, Sand have had cause to regret it all my lifetime." [ " Lettie, dear," she said at la-t, »erv gently, "come and sit beside me. 1 wish to toll you a story of my young days." "One evening iti January. IS52, some fifteen or twenty couples of the young people in my native town went on a sleigh-ride, •and stopped at a hotel about twenty mi Us from home for supper and a social dance. The hilarity of the party seemed to raise my spirits to the highest point of fun and trolic, and I gave loose rein to my love of flirtation, even carrying it so far as to go down to supper with a young man with whom I had buta very slight acquaintance, leaving Richard to find another partner or go alone. I do not. think I fully realized how ridiculous my conduct was ; I was ouly bent on having a good time and teasing Richard a little, expecting to make it up by being extra loving on the way home. But I saw before we left the hotel that ? istead of being jealous Richard was seriously offended, and in my folly I resented this as if I had been the one wronged. "Soon after midnight the party broke up, and, snugly ensconced in our respective sleighs, we started for home ; and then, instead of the smiles and pleasant words I had given the other men all the evening, I treated Richard to nothing but sulks and frowns. " A cutter is not generally considered very commodious quarters for two; but ours must have enlarged very singularly, ior somehow eight or ten inches of vacant leat lay betweeu us ; usually, when I rode with Richard, he appeared very-solicitous about the adjustment of the robes, particularly about the back of the seat; and very frequently, after seeing they were all right, he forgot to remove his arm, and as I never reminded him of it, he very naturally allowed that member to remain there until we reached our destination. But to-night the borse must have required great attention, for both hands seemed needed to take care of him, and I am sure his eyes never once •turned from one particular part of the harness for the first five miles of our homeward {ride. I saw plainly that Richard was very jiangry with me, and in the depths of my ilieart knew I was to blame; but I was rdetermined not to "makeup" unless lie !xnade the first advance towards a reconciliation, so I, too, pretended indifference or ranger, all the time wishing he wouli speak .even if it were only to scold ine. But if lie £bad been born dumb he could not have been '.more still; not even a word to the horse liroke the dismal silence. , "The sleigh-bell* i.-'.'mi merrily, the fenow musically ere .iv^j .. u . the runners, .glad songs and gay laughter came from the i»thers of the party, but never a sound from /"Richard's lips. Would he never speak ? ( "I wished the horse would run, or the ieleigh would upset, or something would ^happen, I scarcely cared what, to force him Ho speak. At last, when my patience was ^completely exhausted, and I was meditating ."something desperate rather than be the first •oue to speak, the ominous silence was broken •by the one word— " 'Ruth !" " ' Well, what ?" I asked crossly, as if I had not been perfectly miserable for the last half-hour because he would not speak. " It was an unpromising beginning, and I think Richard thought so too, for nearly a minute passed before he spoke again. " ' Ruth,' he said at last in a sterner tone than I had ever heard him use, ' what am I to understand by your conduct to-night?' " ' Just what you please,' I answered with provoking coolness, for I began to grow . more vexed at the sternness of his tone. " ' Then I am left to infer that you intended to insult me. 3 In the bright moonlight my furtive glance revealed the indignant flash of his eye and flushed cheeks. ' Will you be kind enough to inform me what motive you had forsuch unladylike conduct.?' "'Unladylike?' How dared he criticise fine in that manner ? " ' I have yet to learn by what authority jyou criticize my conduct; "I supposed I had a right to do as I pleased, without consulting you,' I rejoined very hotly. " ' And I should have supposed,' he said with equal warmth, ' that it would have pleased you to treat with becoming respect, •In public, at least, the man you had promised to marry.' 1 " ' And if this is the manner I am to be treated every time a gentleman pays me any attention, I think it is time that promise •was cancelled,' I said, reckless of the consequences. " ' Am I to understand, Ruth,' and his voice had more of surprise than anger in it now, 'that you regret our engagement, and wish to recall your promise ? 5 " ' Yes,' 1 rejoined sullenly. " Richard was silent for a moment, then he said silently and gravely— " ' Think well of what you are saying now, Ivuth ; it is no matter lo settle in anger ; if you mean seriously what you say, and wish t"o break the engagement, vou are free to do " X was too angry to see how earnestly he turned "towards me and waited for m\ answer. I do mean it with all my heart,' I said. " ' It shall be as you wish,' then. " I could but see, then, the stern look on his face, but I would not heed it. " Not another word was spoken until we reached home, and, as he lifted me from the sleigh, lie said gravely, 'Hood-bye, Ruth, may you never have cause to regret your decision of to night !' " Even then 1 felt that I ought to say I wa* sorry, but pride restrained mc, and I let him go with only a cool 'Good-night.' " We had had many little love quarrels before, 'just for spice,' as I used to say, but had always 'made up' immediately, and been ail the more devoted afterwards; and I thought this affair would be like the others, even though it had been carried further than ever before ; I should doubtless see Richard in a day or two, and would then tell him how sorry I was, and of course lie would be only too glad to forgive me, and I would never do so again. So thinking- to-morrow would set it all right, I fell asleep " But I did not see Richard to-morrow, nor the next day, nor even the next week ; and when I did see him, nearly a month later, lie wore war's livery, and with the gallant boys of his regiment was inarching to the cars which were to bear them away to the bat-tie-field. The band was playing, flags waving,and the people cheering as tliey marched by ; but to me a funeral dirge could not have been sadder, nor my heart heavier had I seen Richard in his coflfin. " I went home that day feeling that they ' who sow to the wind shall reap the whirlwind.' Surely I was reaping in bitterness the fruits of my own sowing ; but I neither wept nor fainted ; I was as proud as I was foolish, and tried to make myself believe that I was the injured party; but it was pretty hard work, and if I deceived my friends by my pretended indifference I never deceived myself, as my damp pillow and sleepless nights could testify ; but still I was too proud to write and confess my fault. Richard had friends and correspondents in the neighbourhood, so I heard frequently from him ; and while I pretended indifference, I listened with intensesfc to every detail of his journey. Then came the campaign before Port Hudson ; rumours of fieice engagements and heavy losses. Other faces beside inine grew white when Port Hudson was mentioned, and hands usually steady trembled as they unfolded the daily papers ; friend looked at friend as if fearing some terrible tidings, and the letters which at long and irregular intervals found their way to our village were read with shrinking dread, lest they contained the name of some loved one among the list of killed ; for twenty from our town were engaged in that campaign. Weeks dragged wearily into months ; every day hopes of victory were quenched disappointment; our boys were still before Port Hudson. Then we waited, hoping and fearing, and at last the news came—Port Hudson has surrendered. Later came the soldiers' letters, filled with rejoicing over the victory, and with sad laments for dead and wounded comrades. None came from Richard to his home, but a friend's letter told the story ; he had fallen in the fight, seriously wounded — how seriously no one knew. " Seriously wounded ! Did that mean mortally? I shut my eyes, closed my ears the horrible suggestion. I would not. have it so. He must live until we were reconciled. Louisiana was too far away for me to go to him—pen and paper must do my bidding now ; and I think that never had such a letter gone over the blue ocean as I sent to that southern hospital. And then 1 waited, oh, with hopes and fears, what terrible anxiety for the answer ! He would forgive me, I knew, if the letter reached him ; but it might miscarry ; he might be lead before it reached there. Oh, the agony of that thought! ' *' August came and went, and September's cool breezes and days of golden haze usurped its place ; still no answer came. I knew there was no communication with New Orleans by land, and dozens of things might have delayed a letter ; my days were passed in reckless anxiety, and my nights were filled with fearful visions as I waited for a message to say that I was forgiven. "At last, just as the trees were putting on their gala dress of red and orange and brown, a letter came, not from Richard, but from a friend in the same hospital, one who had known me well in mj' own home, and, recognising my writing, had returned the letter to me, with the words, ' It came an hour after Richard died.' Dead, and he never knew my deep repentance—I never knew his forgiveness !" My head had sunk on Aunt Ruth's lap, and I \v;is shaking with irrepressible sobs, as she concluded her story. A hand clasped mine ; my head was lifted, and in a moment I was clasped in Frank's arms. "Oh, Frank, forgive me !" I sobbed. "I'll never, never quarrel with you again !" And in his hearty assurance of pardon I thanked God that, unlike Aunt Ruth, my repentance had not come too late. THE PRAYER OF THE PRODIGAL. Lord, I am here, reLurned at last From o'er the mountains cold : Full many a weary waste traversed Hath brought me to Thy Fold : .Weariedand weak and siu-be.-pent, Beam down one grace on nie ; Give mc a little love O God, A little love of thee. I do not ask Thee, Lord, for re.- Nor do I beg for peace. Nor, Jesus, seek temptation's caiiii, Nor that its tumult cease ; I ask not for illuming light, Nor visions Lord, to see : But only love of thee my God, But only love of thee. I know, 0 Lord, my wayward soul Bodes little faith in thee : True that Thy high behests "have been Listlessly read by me. But thou alone canst sinners save, Alone from self set free, Give me, then, love of thee my God, Give me, then, love of Thee. Less of this world aud more of Thee, Panting my tired soul sings— Prayer be my life—Thou be my love— O Though great King of Kings. Dark be my day if such Thy Will, Faithless be friends to me, But give me love of Thee, my Love, But give me love of Thee. BURNING HOUSES. IN ancient. Rome the speculators of that time engaged in the strange business of buying houses on fire. The speculator hurried to the scene attended by slaves carrying bags of money and others carrying tools, judged t he chances of salvage,and made a bid to the distracted house-owner, who was glad to accept anything as a rule. The bargain struck in alt haste, this earliest of fire assurers set his slaves to work and secure what he could. Sometimes even he put out the flames and so made a coup. It was a business for capitalists, but the poorest who speculated in a small way could hardly lose if he had the presence of min i enough to grasp the chances. Thus Cato the elder, and above all Crnssus, led the foundation of their wealth. The latter had a passion for gambling. He gradually collected a force of carpenters, masons, and such artificers—slave?, of course—which reached five hundred men. Not only did he buy houses on fire,*but also, enlarging upon the common practice, he made a bid for those adjoining which stood in danger. His proposals were commonly welcome, we learn, so helpless were the people, and so great the peril. By this means Crassue became the greatest owner of house property iu Rome, I j I I ! ! 