THAT HOUSE IN BLOOMSEURY. BY MRS. OUPHANT. CHAPTER XV. "Ah, we haven't come to that yet." said tho doctor, regretfully; "(he vicarious prin- i cipio has not gone so far. If it had, I daresay there would bo plenty of poor xvretchec ready to bear their neighbor s i woes for a consideration. The simple rules of supply and demand would be enough to I provide us proxies without any stronger I sentiment, but philosophising won't do us j any good; it won't coin money, or, if it j could, would not drop it. into his pocket, I which, after all, is the chief difllculty. Ho is not to be taken in any longer by your fictions about friendly offerings and cheap purchases. Here is a bill which that little anaemic nuisance Janic brought in, with word that a gentleman was 'wyaiting' for tho payment." "We'll send for the gentleman and settle It," said Miss Bethunc, quietly, "and then it' can't come up to shame us again." Miss Bcthune set out accordingly, with out saying anything further, to see the in valid. She took nobody into her confi dence, not even Gilchrist, who had much offended her mistress by her scepticism. Much as she was interested in every un usual chain of circumstances, and much more still in anything happening to Dora Matmcring, there was a still stronger im- pulso of personal feeling in her present expedition. It had gone to her head like wine; her eyes shone, and there was a ner vous energy in every line of her tall figure in Its middle-aged boniness and hardness. She walked quickly, pushing her way for ward when there was any crowd with an -unconscious movement, as of a strong swimmer dividing the waves. Her mind was tracing out every line of the supposed process of events. It was such a strange Btory as occurs seldom in' Hie almost, end less variety "of strange stories that arc about the world— a story of secret mar- Tiage, a secret birth, a sudden terror of discovery. The young woman who had givou herself foolishly and hastily to an adventurer was ail heiress, if she continued to please an old uncle who had her fate in his hands. It was the news of his unexpected approach which brought the sudden crisis. The husband, who had been near in tho pro found quiet of the country, fled, taking with him tho child— aud after that no moro. The marriage was altogether unknown, except to Gilchrist, and a couple of old ser vants in the small secluded country-house where the old little tragedy had taken place, and the young wife who had never home her husband's name, came to life again after a long illness to find every traco of her piteous story, and of the fate of tho man for whom she had risked so much, and the child whom she bad scarcely seen, obliterated. The agony through which she had lived in that first period of dismay and despair, the wild secret in quiries set oil foot with so little knowledge of how to do anything of the kind, chiefly by means of the good and devoted Gil christ, who, however, knew still even less than her mistress the way to do it. Tho long, monotonous years of living with the old uncle to whom that forlorn young woman in her secret anguish had to be nurse and companion; the freedom af terwards, when the fortune was hers, and the liberty so long desired; but still no clue no knowledge whether the child on whom she had set her passionate heart ex isted or not. The hero, the husband, ex isted no longer in her imagination. That first year of furtive fatal intercourse had revealed him in liis true colors as an ad venturer, whose aim had been her fortune. But wny had he not revealed himself when that fortune was secure? Why had ho not brought back the child who would have secured his hold over her. whatever had happened? These questions had been dis cussed between Miss Bcthune and her maid till there was no longer any contingency, anv suhtllity of things or theories possible, which had not been torn to pieces between them with reasonings sometimes as acute as mother's wit could make them, some times as foolish as ignorance and inecx- periencc suggested. They had roamed all over the world in a I quiet quest after the fugitives who had disappeared so completely into the dark ness. What wind drifted them to Blooms- bury it would be too long to inquire. The wife of one furtive and troubled year, the mother of one anxious but heavenly week, had long, long ago settled into tho angular, middle-aged unmarried lady of Mrs. Sim- cox's first floor. She had dropped all her former friends, all the people who knew about her. And those people who onco knew her by her Chrstlan name, and, as they thought, every incident in her life, in reality Knew nothing, not a syllable, of the brief romance and tragedy which formed its centre. She had developed, they all thought, into one of those eccentrics who arc sometimes to be found in the loneliness of solitary life, odd as were all tho Bo- ; thunes, with something added that was especially her own. By intervals an old friend would appear to visit her, marvel ling much at the. London lodging in which the mistress of more than one old comfort able house had buried herself. But the Bethunes were all queer, these visitors said; there was a bee in their bonnet, thero was a screw loose somewhere. It is as tonishing the number of Scotch families of whom this is said to account for every thing their descendants may think or do. This was the woman who marched along the hot July, streets with the same vibra tion of impulse and energy which had on several occasions led her half over the world. She had been disappointed a thou sand times, but never given up hope; and each new will-o'-the-wisp which had led her astray had been welcomed with the same strong confidence, the same ever-liv ing hope. Few of them, she acknowledged to herself now, had possessed half the like lihood of this; and every new point of eer- titudo grew aud expanded within her as she proceeded on her way. Tho same age, the same name (more or less), a likeness which Gilchrist, fool that she was, would not see; and then the story, proving every thing of tho mother wiio was alive but un known. Could anything be more certain? Miss Bethune's progress through the streets was more Iike.that of a bird of the wind, with that floating movement which is so full at once of strength and of repose, and wings ever ready for a swift "coup" to increase tho impulso and clear the way than of a pedestrian walking along a hot pavement. A strange coincidence! Yes, It would bo a very'strange coincidence if her own very unusual story and that of tho poor Mnn- nerings should thus be twined together. But why should it not be so? Truth is stranger than fiction. Tho most marvel lous combinations happen every day. Tho stranger things are, the more likely they are to happen. This was what she kept saying to herself as she hurried upon her way. She was recejved in the darkened room, In tho hot atmosphere perfumed and damp ed by the spray of some essence, where at first Miss Bethunc felt she could scarcely breathe. When she was brought in, in the gleam of light made by tho opened door, there was a little scream of eagerness from tbo bed at the other end of tho room, and then a cry: "But Dora? Whero is Dora? It is Dora, Dora, I want!" in a voice of disappointment and Irritation close to tears. "You must not be vexed that I came first by myself," Miss Botliunc said. "To bring Dora without her father's knowledge is a wrong step." "But I have a right — I havo a right!" cried tho sick woman. "Nobody — not even be — would deny me a sight of her. I've hungered for years for a sight of her, and now that I am free I am going to die." "No, no! don't say that," said Miss i Bcthune, with the natural instinct of deny ing that conclusion. "You must not let your heart go down, for that is the worst of all." "It Is, perhaps, tho best, too," said tho pationt. "What could I liavo done? Al ways longing for her, never able to havo her except by stealth, frightened always that she would find out, or that she should find out. Oh, no it is better as it is. Now I can provide for my dear, and nobody to say a word. Now. I can show her how I lovo her. And she will not judge me. A child like that doesn't judge. She will learn to pity bcr poor, poor Oh, why didn't you bring me my Dora? I may not live another day." In tho darkness to which her eyes gradu ally boenme accustomed, Miss Bcthune con sulted silently with n look the attendant by tho bed, and receiving from her the slight, scarcely distinguishable answer of a shake of the head, took the sufferer's hand, and pressed It In her own. | "I will bring her," she said, "to-night, i if you wish it, or to-morrow. I give you my word. If you think of yourself liko that whether you are right or not, I am not the one to disappoint you. To-night, if you wish it." "Oh, to-night, to-night! I'll surely live till to-night," the poor woman cried, i "And many nights more, if you will only keep quite quiet, ma'am. It depends upon , yourself," said the maid. I "They always tell you," said Miss Bris- j towe, " to keep quiet, as if that, was tho i easiest thing to do. I might get up and I walk all the long way to sec my child; j but to bo quiet without her — thatis what j is impossible — and knowing that perhaps I I may never see her again!" "You shall — you shall," said Miss Be thunc, soothingly. "But. you have, a child, and a good child — a son, or as like a son as possible." "I a son? Oh, no. no — none but Dora! No one I love but Dora." The poor lady paused then with a sob, and said in a changed voice, "You mean Harry Gordon? Oh, it Is easy to see you are not a mother. He is very good — oh, very good. He was adopted by Mr. Bristowe. Ob." she cried, with a long crying breath, "Mr. Bristowo ought t.o do something for Harry. Ho ought to — I always said so. I did not want to iiavc everything left to me." She wrung Iter thin hands, and a con vulsive sob came out of the darkness. "Ma'am," said tho maid, "I must send this lady away, and put a stop to every thing. if you get agitated like this." "I'll bo quite calm. Miller — quite calm," the patient 'cried, putLing out. her hand and clutclDng Miss Bethune's dross. "To keep her calm I will talk to licr of this other subject," said Miss Bethunc, with an injured tono in her voice. Sho held her head high, elevating her spare fig ure, as if in disdain. "Let us forget Dora for tho momoat,", she said, " atul speak of this young man that, has only boon a son to you for most of his life, only given you his affection and his services and everything a child could do, but is nothing, of course, in comparison with a little girl you know nothing about, who is your niece in blood." "Oh, my niece, my niece!" tbepoor lady murmured under her breath. "Tell me something about this Harry Gordon, it will let your mind down from the moro exciting subject," said Miss Be thunc, still with great dignity, as if of an offended person. "Ho lived with you for years. 1-Ie shared your secrets." "I havo talked to him about Dora," she faltered. "But yet," said the stern questioner, more and more severely, "it does not seem you have cared anything about him all these years?" "Oh, don't say that! I have always been fond of him, always — always! He will never say I have not been kind to him," the invalid cried. "Kind?" cried Miss Bcthune. with an in dignation and scorn which nothing could exceed. Then she added more gently, but with still the injured tone in , her voice, "Will you tell mo something about him? It will calm you down. I take an interest in the young man. He is like somebody I once knew, and his name recalls — " "Perhaps you knew his lather?" said Mrs. Bristowe. "Perhaps. I would like to hear more particulars. He tells me his mother is living." "Tho father was very foolish to tell hlra. Mr. Bristowe always said so. It was on his deathbed. I suppose," cried the poor lady, with a deep sigh, "that on your deathbed you feel that you must tell every thing. Oh, I've been silent, silent, so long! I feel that too. She is not a mother that it would ever be good for him to find. Mr. Bristowe wished him never to come back to England, only for that. He said better be ignorant — better know nothing." "And why was the poor mother so easily condemned?" "You would he shocked — you are an un married lady — if I told you the story. She left him just after the boy was born. She fell from one degradation to auother. He sent her money as long as ho could keep any trace of her. Poor, poor man!" "And his friends took everything for gospel that this man said?" "He was an honest man. Why should he tell Mr. Bristowe a lie? I said it was to bo kept from poor Harry. It would only I mako him miserable. But there was no doubt about the truth of it— oh, none." "I toll you," cried Miss Bothune, "that ! there is every doubt of it. His mother was a poor deceived girl, that was abandoned, deserted, left to bear her misery as she ; could." j "Did you know his mother?" said the patient, "showing out of the darkness the gleam of eyes widened by astonishment, i "It does not matter," cried AIlss Bethunc, 1 "I know this, that tho marriage was in secret, and the boy was born in se cret, and while she was ill and weak there came the news of someone coming that could leave her penniless, and for the sake of the money, the wretched money, this man took u? tho child in his arms out Qf her very bed and carried it away." | The sick woman clutched tho arm of the other, who sat by licr side, tragic and passionate, the words cqming from her lips like sobs. "Oh, my poor lady," she said, "if that is your story! But it was not that. My husband, Mr. Bristowe, knew. Ho knew all about Gordon from the beginning. It was no secret to him. He did not take the child away till the mother had gone, till lie had tried every way to find her, even to bring her back. He was a raerci- i ful man. I- know him too. Oh, poor wo j man, poor woman, my heart breaks for that other you knew. She is like me, sho is worse off than me, but the one you know was not Harry's mother— oh, no, no— Har ry's mother! If she is living it is— it is— m misery, and worse than misery." "Ho said," uttered ahoarse voice, breath less, out of the dimness, which nobody could have recognised for Miss Bethune's, "that you said there was no such woman," 1 "I did — to comfort him, to make him be- | ilevc that It was not true." I "By a lie! And such a lie — a shameful ' lie, when you knew so different! And how should anyone believe now a word you say?" "Oh, don't let licr say such things to me, l Miller, Miller!" cried the patient, with tho cry of a sick child. "Madam," said tho maid, "she's very I bad, as you see, and you're making her 1 every minute worse. You can see it your self. It's my duty to ask you to go away." Miss Bethunc rose from the side of tho bed like a ghost, tall and stern, and tower ing over the agitated, weeping woman who lay back on thd white pillows, holding out supplicating hands and panting for breath. Sho stood for a moment looking as if sho would have taken her by the throat. Then she gave herself a littlo shake, and turned away. Once more the invalid clutched at her dress and drew her hack. "Oh," she cried, "have mercy upon me! Don't go away— don't go away! I will bear anything. Say what you like, but bring mo Dora— bring ine Dora— before I die." "Why should I bring you Dora? Me, to whom nobody brings What is it to me If you live or you die?" "Oil, bring me Dora — bring me Dora!" tho poor woman wailed, holding fast by her visitor's dress. She flung herself half out of the bed, drawing towards her with all her little force tlie unwilling, resisting figure. "Oil, for the sake of all you wish for yourself, bring me Dora— Dora— before I die!" "What have you left me to wish for?" cried the other woman, and she drew her skirts out of the patient's grasp. No more different being from that which entered an hour before by the long pas sages and staircases of the great hotel could havo been than sho who now repassed through them, looking neither to tho right ' nor to the left— a woman liko a straight line of motion and energy, as strong and stiff as iron, with expression banished from her face, and elasticity from her figure. She went back by the same streets that sho had come by, making her way straight through the crowd, which seemed to yield , before tho strength of passion and pain that was in her. (To bo continued.) 