If only for tho lecturo give by Pro feasor Laurie last overling, tlio Socioty for Psychical Uoscarcb has quite justified its existence. At its inception vta predicted that it would. Wo entertain the live liost liopo that it will furnish good causo in tho future fer mainlaining tho association ontorod upon, and further prosecuting tho search for solid truth. Of course, tho highly iranginativo mem bers must be prepured to sco somo illusion sbattorcd. but wo take it that tlicy nro not worshippers of cxplodod frauds, that as soon ns it is demonstrated that tho gods in whom they put thoir faith aro as hollow as a Japanese idol, thoy will withdraw thoir allegianco. ' Somo, tho hyper-nerisitivc, not to say hysterical, may not; auil wc inust just leave them to thoir insanity. Mischievous as it is in oxamplo, it is yet hardly of tho sort to justify placing tho victims uudor personal restraint. They era objects rather of pity than of blame. Professor Laurio told tho Ormond Coltogo people tho result of his six mouths' hunting aftor hypnotists, mind- readers, clairvoyants, nod visitants from tho .spirit world. Tho roport of his remarks in to-day's "Argus" makes as interesting a column of matter as a newspspor lias published for many a day. The Professor doos uot dogmatise on hypnotism, llo points merolyto a uroat dearth of persons able to mesmerise thoir fullows, and to tho decidedly healthy scaroity of people willing to be operatod upon. Moreover, he donounccs in good set terms public exhibitions ot people playingthe fool undor hypnotic iufluonco. A 11 vivid visualisation" is tho happy and oxprossive description tho loottircr found forthu so-called mmdrcauors, and it would scorn that the "clairvoyants" he hus inet with were hardly well natnod. " Hazy- o junta " would, we think, havo been a more suitablo term. Wo do not hosllAte to supplomont tho luarnod professor's opinion by ths oxprossion of our own boliof that what tboy stood xuost most in nood of was antibilious pills. It is on tho subject of spooks, howover, that Professor Laurio is most interesting of all Ho wan prcsout at those sensa tional scancas which no largely impressed Mr M'Alpino, but ho camo from them in a quite different framo of mind. The fair spirit, Jesephino— M consisting of a face aud drapery Siesio, tho little colored girl, whose throat unfortunately was "not sufficiently materialised " to admit of her eating chocolate, and tho unknown lady who aont her Ioto — all tbeso paraded for tho Professor, went through thoir paces, sang, talked, oven dancod. Yob he woutd not bo captivated, A more hard hoartod man nover sat in spirit circlo. It is a wondor ho did not scare tho spuoks bak— well, nover mind whero. In faot, he persisted in sooing nothing else bat tho medium. In every ono of theio visitors trom tho realm of spirits ho diicorncd her. Even wbon the visiter was Goordio Thompson, tho bearded Abordonian with a liking for pork, Professor Luurio de clined to boo anybody savo tho medium, and moanly poiuts to tho fact that Qoor- die's hands weto elngnlarly email for a porson with bo florae a beard. Of course, that sorb of criticism docs not disconcert tho enthusiast, who tolls you that tho framo of the modiain Is usod for the materialisation of tho spirits, there fore a certain likeness to it en tho part of the roeinbodiod spook is inevitable. Professor Laurio, wicked scoptio as ho is, smiles only at these things, llo will he avers, " back tho ball'e eye lantorn, and the rough grasp of a pollcoman against any test in a'dsrk room." Ono thing that has puzzled tho Professor a good deal has no doubt ofton oceurrod to other puoplo, " Why" ho asks " ehould spirits display this romarkoblo fancy for tables P ItisouriouB.ie it not? Tablo- rapping is a distinct and always prominent fcaturo of spirit doings. Thoy do not knock upon tho roof, as ono might in cer tain instances expect, nor reveal somo- whero bononth the floor, as in other coses might be tho expectation. Hio et ubiquo 1 exclaimed tho uneasy Hamlet, as, whore - over hesteppod, from therogfona below thu voice of tho dopartod ghost enjoined him toremombor. When Mr M'Alpitio, or WhosVcr elao undertakes tho task, proceeds to "answer" Pro- feoior Laurio, 1 perhaps a word of two might be devoted to explaining this spirit fsnuy for tables. It wouldn't b» a bad notion eltlior if semobody told us why the returned spirits, without a single oxooption, persist in talking such arrant nonsense I Tho story of Mount Huxloy is all but told. Upheld by tlio snnguiuenou of Mr Bonuisl, himiolf tho most badly troatud man in tho. wholo wretched business, the sharoholdvrs rcUlnod their con fidence in the property until yes terday. Tho : denouement - was com plete, and even Mr Samuel gave way under it. Tim reports of " Raiting" both in retard ti the atone taken from tho mine and tho mino itself, other ftxperts neither confirmed nor disproved, Plainly the "salting" was done for Mr Montgomery'.! npeciul behoof. 11 was thw higher compliment of rogues to the Government geologist's knowlcdgo and >fln<itration. Yet, as it proves, thu whole thievish project was Inexpressibly silly. Happily Mr Mont gomery knew a great deal muro than tho "Baiters" gave him credit for. What was intended for lus discomfiture sorvod to accomplish their own. Tho other throo experts, Messrs Sponk, Bizant and Fultoa, apparently found tho mine in uu honest stato of nature. Rumor had got abroad that they believed in it; that tlmir examina tions had led thotn to most highly favorable conclusions. Goodness only knows how this notion was originated, or why. Mr Samuel himself imbibed it, and his sanguine hopes fed upon it. Now, it apponrs, the notion was without shadow of foundation. Yesterday tho tliroo experts rolicd upon bluntly told a meet ing of tho shareholders in effect that tho taino was not worth working. . If dramatic effect were sought by thoso concerned, thoy ought to he satisfied with tho proceedings at the Sydney gathering yestorday afternoon. Tho shareholders mot, and tho tbreo reports were placed upon tho table unopened. Tho tension. of foeliug amongst those nion, who recog nised that the reports wuro a verdict declaring whether they hold a gold mino or a bore holo in tho earth, is easily imaginable in this community. It is so characteristically Australian. The roporta woro quickly read, and tho naked truth made known. Thorostwaa shortly accomplished. "Mr Satnudl roso, and, with great emotion, declared tho syndi cate dissolved, but ho was unablo to pro ceed further, being ovorcome by his feel ings." Thus is the accno pathetically re corded. Tho mooting did not, howovur, dispone without passing a resolution cxonoraliug Mr Samuel trom blmno. That was thu least it could do. In per fect good faith Mr Samuel had yielded, aftor a good donl of demur, to representa tions mndo to him by tho mau Barker, who stands charged at Hobart with "8altiug" tho mine. Then aprcsutn ably badly dcciived export, Mr Paintor, is said to have roported that there was a deposit of gold at Mount Huxloy worth L20, 000,000. That was reasonable ground to go upon. Tho Hpirit of. enterprise, upon which our mining iudustry positively subsists, did tho rost. As Barker is on his dofonce, comment may not with prnprioty bo pushed further at present. Tho public has been saved from a stvindlo. Who is to blame has yot to bo detormiucd. 