the storyteller. ATT S00'8 CREMATION. By Majoba. Hie stragglers were aate for the night in the old boree-point yard, two men had finished sapper, and were Bitting in the fire light, each busy with his own thoughts. From oat of the shadowy background came the monotonous " link tank" of the horse bells ; the sound broken occasionally by a grunting oongh from the cattle-yard. Long Dan eat puffing his pipe, while Billy squatted, with hands clasped round his drawn-up knees, staring at the blaze. Between them, blinking at the smoke, sat BIney, the cattle dog. From the belt of brigalow, which marked the line of the watercourse, rose the long-drawn wail of a dingo-slut, followed by the shrill treble of her pupa—inexpressibly dismal, when heard in the distance. " What yer thinkm** of, long-'nnf' Long Dan drew the pipe from hiB month. "1 was just meditatin'," he said. "That dingo in the scrub there, with her banshee squeal, minded me of a night in the north— a night when I come 'boot as close to losin' the number of my mess as a man oould be. SeemB rummy that all the night-sounds in the bush should be so blessed mournful; there's the dingo, and the mopoke, and the corloo, and that other bird—I dunno what it is— that cries like a lost soul. No wonder the old hands was alios pitchin' 'bout ghosts." " An' when was this night yon was mtnded off* asked Billy. "Twas the year of the Palm Creek rush, and we'd left the Downs with six hundred bullocks bound for the field. They warn't the little beefy shorthorns that ye see now-a days, Billy; they was the old sort—great rakin' big-boned fellers with sky-scrapin' horns. They was good butcher's cattle, and on a gold-field a man most take what he can get, whether it's beet or bone. And mind you, they can say what they like 'bout the shorthorns, but ye'll never get a sweeter bit of beef off 'em than we did off the old sort. "As we nested the field we got amongst people agin. Nobs of diggers leadin' pack horses 'ud pass as, and great strings o' Chinymen packed just like beasts, with a Chinese overseer drivin' 'em. The Chinese merchants on the coast used to get mobs of coolies over from Chiny—bought 'em body an' soul tor a term o' years, for a few pounds. O' course they soon found ont how they'd been trapped, but what could they do—myalls as they was—in a strange country amongst strange people speakin' a strange tongue. "They dropped along the' track like knocked-up sheep, and there they was left at the mercy of the blacks. That's how the niggers fust got a likin' for Chinee-meut, and the taste grew on 'em, so to speak, till at lust it come to be quite a passion j and they took to rushin' the cary vans right in the midst 'o a big camp o' whites, ami carryin' off the chow chows alive. But you can bet jrer boots that the niggers got the credit of killin' many a one that they never tonched—Chinymen on the down-track carryin' gold. What was the odds 1 There was plenty more of 'em in the country, and their gold went to Cooktown if they didn't. j "One night we was camped on a sandy box I flat, open and clear; for the flat was just; aprmgin' green after bein' burnt. The niggers had been playin'-up on the track,-and the troopers had been out dressin' 'em down, \- and was camped on the crick 'bout a mile above ub, so we didn't expect no disturbance. " We'd had good lack that trip, no trouble with niggers or nothin', and the catdfe had got that quiet that they d lie down directly they got on to camp and never move till j mornin'. My watch come on at two o'clock, and 1 was precious sleepy, when Peter the German roused me up and shoved the reins of the o.d night-horse into my hand. " When I got on my legs 1 seen that Peter had set a light to a tree at the far aide of the camp, a precious mad thing to do, for a pretty mess we'd have with the bullocks if it fell before mornin'; so I went round to see if I could put it out But the blaze had got up inside—it was a great holler ooolibah, with a bend in the stem about ten feet from the j ground—and 1 found I was too late to douse it When 1 come to look at the tree I reckoned there was no danger of it's fallin' before mornin', so I didn't disturb the boss. " 1 rode Tarqnin : he was one of the old sort, big-Bhoulderea and short- legged, and couldn't fall down unless jt was over a preci pice. I went round to the back of the cattle, and then l-.lit my pipe and began meditatin'. I must have dropped into a doze, for when I looked up with a start I found that the horse had wandered with me right into the middle of the cattle. A few of the beasts bad got to their feet and wasstreachin' themselves with tailB curled over their backs, but the rest was all lyin' quiet. A contented grunt here and there was the only sonnd. " 1 jerked the old horse's month sharp and he span round and began movin' our. From right behind me there came the- most oriul screeches that ever I beerd in my born days. Fairly startled, I turned in the saddle and checked the tremblin' stock-horse—fool that I was I Then came the sonnd that every rover dreads, the romblin' thunder of six! hundred bullocks all jumpin' to their feet at! the same instant. Next moment 1 was bein' I whirled out of the camp on the l«dk of old Taraoin, locked in a sea of clmterin' horns. "BillyI 1 reckon death was starin' me straight in the face then, for the old hone was rockin' and pitohin' like a ship in a gale. I knew he'd been ripped somewberes already, for he was snappin savagely at the big red bullock whose nip-hone was grindin my thigh on the saddie-flap. ' As long as a man's got a holt of a horse and feels he can steer a bit, his nerve won't fail, but to be carried along helpleBS, with the knowledge that a fall meana certain death, is is different thing. 1 pray I may never be in such fix agin. My heart seemed in my boots. I felt mortal cold, though the night was as hot as Cooktown; and 1 know I thought my legs was broke. Gf a sudden, the cattle in front of me seemed to sink into the earth. Then 1 hit the ground with a crash that filled nie eyes with ahooiln'-stars: and I knew no more. " When I came to myself it was broad day light and I was lyin' on my blanket in the camp with Peter, the German, bath in' me »oe with a wet han'kercher. .Dot's right 1' he said. ' Ton vos not det dia time I I t'ought you vos d'hough ven I fint yon. Yon vos lyin* on der far hank of dergreek; it vos a mercy dot der buttocks could not get oop der bank, or yon vould be tramped to death. Olt Tarquin is Set; so is feefty of der gattle—killed in der greek. Drink aootn of dis I' "* What was that yellin' that frightened the cattle T says I. " ' Mein Got I did not yon yell ? Der boas hesay dot yon vos yell like loonatic l' ' Just then the boss rode up. ''Well, Dan,' he said, 'this is a nice go! what the blazes' started the cattle off the camp, and what in thunder was yon screech in' for? There's thirty, bullocks dead in the creek and fully twenty more crippled. Let's hear what you're got to say.* " 1 told bitn all I've told you, and swore on tne solemn oath that it wasn't me that screeched. Alter a bit he believed me, for he knew that I warn't given to gassin'." (Here Billy turned his faoe aside to grin, then winked solemnly at Bluey, and that sagacious animal blinked in turn at the fire.) " The cattle was bein' tailed up the crick, and in the afternoon we was to go on for a couple of miles to a fresh camp. About ten o'clock the big tree fell with a crash, and the boss and Peter went over to have u look. From out of the' shattered stem had rolled the charred remains of a man. The cause of the 8creechin* was now explained. They reckoned that a wounded nigger had crawled op the holler trunk, and found a restin' place at the bend, and Peter's tire had roasted him. I s'posed it must he so; but I'd never heeid a nigger squeal juBt like that. In general niggers dies pretty quiet. " That afternoon I went on to the camp in the dray, for I was too stiff to ride. As we travelled along the track we met two Chinymen cunyin' a etreacher, on which was their swags and two muskets. The boss,' who was ndin' beside the dray, pulls up. "' Where you go T he B*id. " The leadin' Ghinkie stopped with a grin. ' Me go cally Ah Soo alonga camp. Me bin walk alonga Palm Cleek. Two day, Ah Soo cnt in foot. That feller no can walk. Me say—All li, Ah Soo, me go alonga camp fetchee Ah Hoptotnoiler come back, cally you alonga camp. Plenty blnckfelter all about. Ah Soo take itu w&terbag;, take im damper, clawl up alonga holler tlee, blnck feller no can find him. Me go cally Ah Soo alonga camp. Goo'blyet' and the Cliiukies trotted off. " I looked at the boss and the boss looked at me. He said nothing, but I reckon he was thinkin' a lot Poor Ah Soo I 1 thought a nigger wouldn't Bqueal just like that 1 " Hullo, Billy 1 are ye sleepin' f Billy's Head had fallen forward between the arms circling the up-drawn knees, until only the top of his hat was visible. From beneath the hat came a anew. " "Well,. I'm darned 1" said Long Dan, rising and knocking the ashea out of hi? pipe. " Yere a pretty cove for a man to he pitchin' to." And Long Dan slouched off to where his saddle and blanket lay. 