LONDON WEEK BY WEEK, (WBITTEN AKB ILLTJBXBATIW BY HABKY Fur.siss, OF "PCNCH."] London, February 2. The annual meeting of the Showmen and Vandwellers' Association took place last week. The proceedings last year were animated in consequence of the antagonismBhown towards one, Mr. George Smith, of Coalville. This year that patriarchal philantropiet did not put in an appearance, so as an entertainment the meeting was a frost. Mr. George Smith, of Coalville, is one of the most constant attendants at the Houfce of Commons. Day after day you can see him in the outer lobby with his broad good-natured face and, his slouch hat, his pockets full of literature about his hobby, the Bill for the van-dwellers' benefit, as he thinks, but for their destruction according to their way of looking at the matter. There he is to be seen, waiting to pounce upon some M.P. to support him or on Bome member of the Press to adveitise his mission. The van-dwellers are a sturdy, pretty wellto-do looking lot of men. The President-elect asked, " Do w'e look like a consumptive lot f a remark that was greeted with laughter. Not long ago I was riding down Hendon way, when I came across a brother artist painting a picturesque landscape with some of these van-dwellers in the middle distance. He told me that in his chats with them he had found them high respectsbje, even prudish. A Btorm came on whilst he was painting the day before, and he ran to the "van for Bhelter. After a few minutes he said, ««Ah, I think I'll go home; it's no use trying to work any longer to-day." The van proprietor replied that weather made no difference to him, for he had a wife and five little 'uns to keep. My friend, who is a bachelor, and maintains his mother and sisters, replied, "Well, I have five to keep also, and I am not married." "Then out of this you 'go," shouted the virtuous van-dweller; "we don't shelter men of your class," and without waiting for any explanation he summarily ejected my mild and benevolent friend. Surely such men do not want legislation and protection, and I am not surprised that a clergyman took the chair at their meeting last week. Whilst struggling through the crowded ' 6% die other day in a hansom to catch a train 1 fonnd myself "blocked" on Holbom Viaduct. Now, with plenty of time at «ny disposal, I do not Object to a block in the feiqr, for it is as good as most plays—and jnnch better than some—to listen to the repartee* and watch the antics Of the 'busmen and cabbies. Just as the crowd was greatest^ jihtf other morning the asphalfcers _ were hatching up the. roadway and placing a barfife^ round each patch. To drive through $hMe obstacles required the skill of die Hotte Artillery men who annually show . their prowess At the Agricultural H^l, and 4lttfough &6re am n6 better drivers than fcbe London cabbies «md 'busmen, in a slip- - A H'BOO DAKGE SM&Jto;&ffidbfae; Amidst a crowd 6i miscellaneous vehicles and cries from all sidep, ft® w* quite the same as dHvihg on the tail at Islvngton to the music of the band; hoi was sot surprised to see someof theseobstacles overturned and the wheel of the *bns«o ov«r the new patch of .«,aph»lt,:hot and soft. "Sow then} istoopid. ain't yer fcoth'eys in "yfe* *od 7' called out th^'infuriited Italian superintending the patchwork. " Yuss, guv'npr, corseI 'ave; bufc yor know, t can't make 'bus Yeses do i btooBtia' h'egg dauee." Things move so rapidly nowaday' that a wopderi instead of lasting nine dayB, exhausts itself : in one. A few; •weeks/ago the Ardlarnont case "was the sole topic of conversation , from Land's End to John O' Groats; to-day jit IB scarcely mentioned. Some have a'vagae idea that the name of Mtmaon is something to do with , a waxwork show, and that Scott is the name of some one that broke the bank tit Monte Carlo; that the Zierenbergs have' bought TniQi, or have written somerhing in it against Mr. Labouchere. Home Rule fyas been dead many years—w'e seem to 'have read, something abmt it when ye were bo^s; the Parish Councils Bill, in some miiids, was the question that turned the Jate Government out of office ; people aire consulting boots of reference to discover why the {^rmtm Emperor and Bismarck evfer quarrelled, and the ear nest reader for^tsone day whathe read the day fe^ote like digging up a mummy to bring Jabez Balfour. to fchte .lore again, ^efc here be 16 once more the sensation of the hoiir, I see him sifcting **childlikeand blqind' in his seatin. the Hobse ^j CommoiiB, thepuritanical finanrierisieeping the sleep Of tHe innocent babe, and under tfafefiifibttetto wftrcte unearthed bjr a contemporary, written by his admiring friend, tW»jB*y. ©awaon Burns, 5>;D.:- X saw thee when A n»w-b6ro babe, . 4 t Aatnwgerootnetotown, • And size and torm both seemed 46 «ay, > *'He's deetineid for renown." - > .> -AnStxIw Wbat shall I wish for thee? All gfeoil la Into* and mind, A joy to*ll thy friends and we, , A WeerinK to mankind. TbeM lines wtra written exactly thirty years ago. Poets were always prophets. < In Hyde Park last Sunday ' afternoon was held a meeting of a character, conveped bythe W*itwi', Waitresses', Barmen's and f)iHniaitjjc tktrvants' Pfotfectaon 'Obion to riefctrre better food, wages, vbft ^Ofpmg aooommbdataonji and these Roberts frod Matins called Mr. Mnndella and Sir Wil- Jiam Haiapourt to form a Govern- Office, pleading that by char^kg a sUall fee Sir William could wve the budget by making v up any de&mt; he might £nd in the xvmto t It 'ia well-known that jbndget % the critical question , tridi tbe Government at presenD^noV-i^ Is safel H die Chancellor of tbe Exchequer will open that registry office and take the servants' * pettoe t&is; great countxy willfie able - > to pass oter a most acute crisis, and * tbe .ptotoijnmfcnt wiU get out of «•<very awkward dilemma. I venture to tshinkt theogh, thath&d; Sir William Tp^opoeea aaeb tax there -would hfcye b^mj ps. great a flare- Up M Chat flawed by Chancellor Robert Lowe when he proposed to t^timttatofesellen; - - e end of SERVANTS' EBGISTRT. the Thirteen Clnb Dinner 1 Every'post I receive thirteen letters, each enclosing thirteen requests,and I want thirteen Secretaries for'thirteen hoars a day to reply to the correspondence. Allow me in a few lines (limit them to thirteen, Mr. printer, plOase) to say that t merely presided at the dinner, and that all communications should be addressed to the.pnme mover and President of the olnb, the genial Mr, William TTarnett Blanch, Anderton's Hotel, Fleecstreet. I have had letters from all over the . United Kingdom, Holland, Spain, France, and Germany, from those wishing to start a Thirteen Club. It wonld seem that about 13,000 were joining the movement against thirteen persons oppcoing it, the latter including Sir. Andrew Lang, Mr. Oscar Wilde, and the editor of an evenirg contemporary. Among other "interesting .letters Ireceived the following, which is worth quoting as a warning to householders:— "Daring Christmas week a Well-dressed man called on a \- lady who resides in a fashionable square. She was busy reading the paper about frauds in general^ and the man was Sho*n in. He said he was the Secretary of a Psychical Society, and had called to ask if the boose was haunted, or if there were any mysterious noises or shy ghosts about it. The lady, who knew hor London well, promptly informed the caller that he had come to the wrong place, and iishetedhim off the'premises. He had come apparently after 'Spooks,' but the lady was well- up to the tricks of the town, and knew that he would spdll 'Spooks' with ah SPOOLS OE SPOONS. 'n'and not with a *k,' ! and that it was spoons not Sfiooks that the; m-.n was after, Notwithstanding the complaints lodged against the House of Lords it cannot be said that they exclude the Press. Unlikcthe Lower Chamber, where the the journalist has posi tively to fight to get into the gallery, the House of Peers makes provision for an increased attendance. During r,he debate on the Home Rule Bill special gallery was given up to the special reporters, and recently has come by post a recent invitation to pass for the extra Press Gallery during the debates on the Bills now before the Lords. The Lower House has a lot to learn from, instead of to complain of, the Upper House, and one thing the Commons havA to g«ther from the Peers is a little more consideration Jfor the gentlemen without whom the political performances in the Commons would be lost to the outside world. I have always thought that one full-dress debate in the . Lords is worth six lit the Commons; the matured oratory in the Upper House contrasts strongly with the'conversational chatter in the Lower. Take away Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Chamberlain, and Mr. Asquith, and in the Commons there is no one worthy of the name of a really reliable orator. Of course Mr. . ' Plonkett rises to a great height when he likes, and others may come out occasionally l i ^ jt fine speech, bat amongst the efforts rou hear in every important debate the plums are lost in a tremendous amount of coarse suet. The oratorical dish in the Lords is always smaller, richer, and far more palatable on whatever side the debate is carried on. Compare, for instance, the late Bishop of Peterborough with the present member ; compare the late Lord Derby, the Rupert of debate, with the ; present member for Derby ; com care Lord Salisbury, tbe leader of the Lords, with Sir. Labonchere, the leader against them, and then sympathize with the Parliamentary penman, who has to fight to hear the Commons, but is invited to hear the Lords. Last week during the performance of "Cinderella" at a matinee at the Lyceum Theatre a pretty little incident occurred. Mrs. Mary Anne Iveeley, our oldest living actress, now in her eighty-ninth year, was in the stalls. The Manager, Mr. Oscar Barrett, spied her, and during the performance sat next her and chatted about the long, long ago when Mrs. Keeley played in " Cinderella" in this very theatre. She is the Grand Old Lady of the stage—quick, witty, and as full of vitality as the youngest actress, with the advantage of having a long and interesting lifetime of reminiscences with which to delight you. That very afternoon I called upon a great friend of Mrs. Keeley's, and was admiring ft very beautiful handwork "firescreen quite recently done by Mrs. Keeley, and presented to our mutual triend. Above the screen is framed the note which was sent with it, in which, if I recollect rightly, the actress states—" My own work ; all done without specs, at the age of eighty-five." Stage life in many cases is not only a happy, but a healthy one, and there is no better practical evidence of this than the " Cinderella" of our father's boyish days, Mary Anne Keeley. HE, OKOBGE SMITH, OF coiLvni*. ? C&tao;&xfcC; AK» BIAKD. ? . - . VWIFC-'AIICBKRT BLAKCH. ? THB PE.ES8—COMMONS AND LORDS. MBS. K*E1«Y. 