Mystery of Norman Chase, : He did not swoon, or stagger, or strike dead the man who thus defamed his child, butsat down with a death-white face, silent. T''he man went on: 'For this she broke off her match with Herbert Leaholme; for this she bushed up the tale of the robbery. For this she has watched and followed you. And for this she will yet become the bride of that Mathes Drake, who has told you of her contempt, and even of the blow she gave him.' Then came,back to Sir Norman's memory the inexplicable language and conduct of his daughter; iher night wanderings; her pas. sionate appeals to his conscience; her rending of a love-pledge amounting to a vow; her hatred of Matihew Drake, who, undoubtedly knew her secret and his, and a fear took pos session of the strong man's mind which was almost akin to cowardice. 'You must escape,' said the man. ' I have risked everything to warn you. They will be here within an hour,' 'But Evelyn my daughter-I must see her.' 'Not for your life. She would prevent flight. She loves you, but she is a Roman, She would denounce you, and die at the foot of your scaffold.' 'Buti after all, who are you?' asked the baronet, rousing himself, as if from a state of stupor. .'Iam-I will join you. You know the ways of the house. The fellows are here! Stop at the Green Well.' At that instant a loud knocking at the door was beard. Still, for tbe space of a minute, Sir Nor man hesitated. Should he face this child of his heart, and challenge her with treason to her father ?' Or, should he avoid ihe ignominy of an arrest, an imprisonment, a trial, and possibly a condemnation, with his own daughter saying to him from the witness-box, in the language of the Shakesperian king: ' G, get thee to thy death ?' It was impossible to face such a fear. Before the massive, iron-studded portal bad been thrown open to those who claimed ad mittance, Sir Norman had left the mansion and was hurrying along a bye-way through one of his own woods. The storming-party, as it might be called, however, was not easily convinced. They produced a warrant, and sought for the fugitive high and low, far and wide. Not a trace of him could be detected. 'Where is the yoting lady ?' the leader said, at length. 'Gone off with her papa, most likely,' answered a simpering servant girl. ' She is not in her own room, I know. 'Bring all the servants here,' said the offi:er, authoritatively. They were brought, and could explain ab solutely nothing. Meanwhile, the bearded stranger had also vanished. He was leading Evelyn down. a deep and unfrequented alley of the Chase. 'Evelyn,' he said, ' for I am your father's old friend, who little dreamed of meetina him in this manner. Have you heard of the fearful report respecting yourself?' 'Respecting me I' the young girl cried in a tone of terror. 'Yes, you. Your father told me himself that you charged hiasith being Mainaaring's murderer. He add'@i.that be would rather look upon the ghost of the dead than ever upon your face again. Evelyn, did you do this ? Did you thus wrong him who will have no more happiness in this life, and who lives, indeed, with no other purpose than to clear his good name, and stand innocent in your sight ?' 'Take me.to hIim i' she cried. 'Take me to him I Who has been lying hIris love away from me? I kissed his tl>1d when he said there was no stain upon it.' And I kiss it now. He has something to pardon me, but not that.' 'He is gone one way and you are going another my sweet Evelyn,' said an altered voice, and Mathew Drake, flinging of all dis guise, whispered to the shuddering girl: ' You are mine now, pretty one; to-morrow you will be my wife, and we will return to Norman Chase until dear papa returns.' With a strength which was all passion she struggled with her captor, but be bore her into a chariot that stood waiting, and in a swoon, as of death, she was whirled away through the forest. \- CHAPTER XII. THAT which has been termed the forest might more correctly, perhaps, be described as a plantation; for it was of no great extent, though solitary and dismal enough. The distance was half traversed, indeed, before Evelyn recovered consciousness. It was the cue of Mr. Mathew Drake not to break upon her unconsciousness too soon, until the track or road, along which the car. riage sped, became altogether lonely, without a trace of human habitation anywhere visible, But no swoon lasts very long, and in due time the young girl awoke to a knowledge of her position and her companion, who, how ever, sat quiescent, though be kept a steady gaze fixed upon her face. As steadily was it returned. Presently, Evelyn said, in a cold, hard voice - for her mind was made up to the course she would pursue: ' What do you expect to gain by this out rage, Mathew Drake ? Is my father safe ?' ' Your second question answers your first,' he replied. ' Yes, he is safe, so long as the most dangerous witness can be made sure of.' The villain had, in an instant, planned a new set of tactics. 'You see, Miss Evelyn,' he went on, with great respect of manner now, 'you see the state of affairs. But first pardon me for a few words I uttered before coercing you into undertaking this little jou'ney, during which you will be perfec:ly safe, both from me and from others.' 'What others'? You, I am very far from fearing.' 'Listen. They were searching for your father. They are now searching. for you. 'Upon your silence and secrecy, for a time, the lives both of your parent, and of that one else, whom you vainly love, depend. Who gave you the second locket of gold, emeralds, and pearls ?' 'My father.' 'Never mind his motive,' continued Drake 'He believes, firmly, that you have accused him. Evelyn Hedley, what has been your language towards him? I have heard it. Yes, you have accused him, and I heard you say the words.' ' It is false i' she said. ' But where am I going ?' 'Where your safety will be your father's also. But why have you watched your father in the night? Why invoked his conscience? Why declared that you would henceforthlive and watch for ever by his side ? Above all, why discard your lover, HIerbert Leaholme, who now consoles bim. self with the compassion of Augusta Fairleigh ?' 'Her compassion. For what?' 'For his having been duped into betrothal to a girl also in name as in heart, carrying a ghastly and degrading secret in her breast, and deceiving her truest friend, There, my Evelyn'-all his assumed respectfulness bad vanished now-' our ride is at an end. I hope you have found it agreeable.' Stung to desperation, she looked out from both windows of the carriage, resolved that, atany risk, she would escape from the taunt ings aud the power of this man. Too late. In her excitement shehad not perceived that a broad, black ditch had been passed by means of a bridge, formerly opened and shut by chains but long since allowed to be stationary, through a high and heavy gate way into'an avenue, leading across a garden of desolate aspect, towards a building of Gothic character, green with damp, and betraying no signs of humran life. But, as the postchaise drove up, a heavy door, at the top of a mouldering flight of steps, opened, and two stern and stalwart looking women appeared, who assisted Evelyn to alight. Mathew Drake preceded them into the entrance hall. 'Welcome, Evelyn,' he said. 'Why are you so frightened ? This is neither a mad. house nor a prison, but a gentleman's resi dence. These persons will see to your comfort -and security; Anticipate no annoyance from me. I am going to meet your father. He is not a mile away.' 'That I should ask a favour from you,' she answered, 'is that which I should not have believed a moment ago. But tell him, if you ever hope for pardon, that his child never slandered him, except in one unhappy moment to her own heart; that she would die to save him, and will die rather than utter a syllable to do him harm.' ' If his I'child 'h~and not Evelyn-com monly called Evelyn Hedley-gave me this message,' replied Mathew Drake, with an emphasis on every word, ' I would gladly be the bearer of her message, As it is, I shall tell him that you only want the oppor tunity to proclaim his guilt in the ears of the whole world.' Without another word he was gone. Our Evelyn was brave enough, as we know, but she trembled now. An awful sense of sickness took possession of her heart. Lonely and powerless, she felt as though an utter darkness were settling down upon her life. No friend left, her father a fugitive im puting to her almost the sin of parricide; him whom she had loved-loved still estranged and disdainful; Augusta Fairleigh whom she had taken into the sweet con fidences of her girlhood, an insulting and triumphant rival, and this man denying her birthright! Where was it to end? So she asked herself, standing there, still mute, as Mathew Drake had left her. * What are you going to do with me ?' she presently said, as one of the women took her hand, as if to lead her away. 'No harm, miss,' was the answer, in a not untender tone. ' We are to treat you kindly, and be obedient to your wishes. kou are to do nothing and see nobody, unless at your own desire. This, so far, was reassuring, yet it only in creased the perplexities of her position. Not that she had ever feared, for a .moment, the perpetration of any actual crime. The Black Moat might be a silent and a solitary place; and Drake might be a villain; but srll, both lay within the ken of the law, and the day has passed when a young heiress might be.spirited away and murdered, on the skirts of her own :futher's estate, with im. punity. Evelyn had read of such incidents in romances; but then she'did not regard her self as a heroine of romance, and felt con vinced that a way would be found out of the snare into which she had fallen, through the contrivances of an unscrupulous man. Her principal anxiety, indeed, even now, was on her father's account, But what did the man mean who denied her the name of 'Evelyn Hedley?' That man, in the meantime, had threaded his way across the park, and through the plantation towards an old empty cottage, half- ruinous, which stood by the side of a slime-coloured pool, called by the wood cutters the Green Well. It was a common-place spot enough, with no terrible traditions about it; hbut an indi vidual was there whose appearance alone might have conferred upon an even more prosaic place an aspect of melodrama. This was Sir Norman Hedley, pacing rest lessly up and down, now keeping within the shadow of the trees, now emerging from .it and gazing about, as if expecting the arrival of someone who did not come. At sight of Mathew Drake, he started. * Why are you dogging my steps ?' he ex. claimed, with the fierceness of desperation. SBy appointment, Sir Norman,' said the other, coolly. 'You did not recognise your old friend in his white beard.' But confess that I did you a service. The disguise was necessary for me at any rate.' 'Where is Evelyn ? What is she doing ?' ' Probably under surveillance at the Chase. The magistrates are there by this time.' The baronet groaned in his heart. That she the child of his love, in whom his pride had rested, should denounce him as the most infamous of criminals, was scarcely to be borne. - That he must hide from her There was agony intense-humiliation un speakable-in the thought. ' What is to be done?' be asked, after a long silence, during which Mathew Drake watched his face intently. 'Compel the marriage of your daughter with me, and I guarantee that she is as secret as the grave.' ' But how ? She thinks me guilty. What influence, then, can I have over her ?' This is no place for an interview. Follow me. Have you money?' ' Enough for the present; show the way,' said the baronet with some slight degree .f returning haughtiness in his tone. They passsed along a fringe of the plan tation whence were visible the high roofs of Norman Chase-its hundred windows crimsoning in the light of the western sun, and Sir Norman reflected bitterly upon the idea that his daughter, seeking his shame and death, was there, pitiless in her justice, pitiless as that Venetian wife who, under a stern sense of right, surrendered her husband to the axe and block though ready herself to die the instant after. They ueot on, through a garden gate, and skirted round a dark and ugly pool, beyond which which was a door in a long, lofty wall, otberwise blank. This door Mathew opened. It led to the foot of a broad stone staircase, which both ascended with silence. Mathew, with a familiar air of a master entered an apartment on the first floor, and beckoned Sir IIedley to follow him. It was a plainly-furnished room, with a writing-table in the middle. Offering the baronet a seat, be himself sat down. Then, fixing his keen eyes on his companion's face, he said: 'We know each other ?' 'We do.' 'India ?' 'Yes,' 'The Chase ?' ' Yes.' ' That night ?' 'Yes.' 'Your daughter?' a Yes, why all these questions?' 'They belong to one another., Now, Sir Norman, you are credited with thb murder of your frien gd and guest.' 'Heaven help me !' ejaculated the unhappy man. 'Your daughter suspects-nay, is positive, of your crime. Don't interrupt me. You remember MIainwaring's will. It left her a vast fortune, which you intended to enjoy. Be patient-I am, for the present, only say uing what she believes, as firmly as in her own existence. But the document was useless. It wanted all the parts that would have given it any value.' ' What then ?' ' Those parts were stolen by your daughlter -were hidden, not destroyed-and are in Norman Chase now. ' With what motive ?' 'Because she would not and you should not profit by that night's crime. It has weighed upon her conscience, until the load became too heavy to bear. She is a strange girl, with a determination of mind which, when excited, is desperate. Else, she would not have told this terrible secret.' ' There is no secret of mine, scoundrel, as you know I exclaimed the baronet, in a voice of fury, rising and glaring at the man who sat opposite him, perfectly unmoved. 'Why, then, does Miss Evelyn Hedley accuse her father ? And why does her father fly from his own house, like a felon ?' ' Ah ! Why ?' ' This is the way of escape. Copy this letter, addressed to your daughter, and sign it. I will be the messenger.' Sir Norman read the letter, and read it again, and then, with a face grey as ashes, and in a voice that seemed to hiss between his teeth, looking his companion sternly in the face, said : SNever, if death were coming in at that door as the alternative; never would I write such a letter to my child.' CHAPTER XIII, EVELYN and her father, captive under one roof l~thlrough the machinations of the same man, were not less divided in heart than if oceans rolled between them. The one shuddered at her doubts-the other regarded the daughter as little less than a patricide. But neither had the slightestinkling that the other was near, though both had begun to understand the motives of Mathew Drake in thus entrapping them. It was a weary time for the young girl, though she experienced no positive personal fear. That her abduction and detention were illegal she pertectly well knew, and also that upon the least chance of communicating with the outer world, her release was certain. But how to obtain that chance? Slhe was a helpless prisoner. A month passed away, during which Evelyn was exposed to no absolute annoy ance At the end of that time Mathew Drake made his appearance once more. 'Your father,' he said, 'has fled from home.' 'I know it,' she answered. 'Where is he ?' 'I cannot tell you. He is flying-not from me--but from you. You can recall him and save him.' 'How ?' ' By consenting to my terms. Herbert Lea holme, you are aware, has transferred his affecti ons-is in love, to tell the truth-with Miss Fairleigh's fortune. Listen to me. I do not wish this marriage-my marriage and yours--to take place here, or ever to be heard of in the neighbourhood of Norman Chase--' SShe interrupted him: ' Mathew Drake it is my tuln to speak and yours to listen. I gave an answer once. Con sider that I have repeated it. Whatever happens, I aill never bring shame on my father, nor he on me. Plot the worst you can and leave me.' With an evil smile and a mocking bow, he obeyed, and Evelyn turned, in a half despair tolook forth from the.window. Little hope in that direction. A mouldering wall, a broad channel of darki water, a lonely woodland beyond; this was all. Neither bhuman sight nor sound. Sud denly, however, a-strange noise became audible, and she saw one part and then another, of the wall crumble into the water, which, from being still as a pool, had become a rapid and risitig stream, overflowing its banks, and swelling towards the foundation of the house;, At the same time tremendous clouds blackened the horizon, and deluges were pouring on the earth. Why this sight inspired her with a strange confidence she could not have herself ex. plained, There was a break in the horrible monotony and silence of the moat. That was something. Anything-even a new fear - was prefer able to the mute routine of her captivity. At that moment the door of her room was opened, a'd the woman who had been in at tendance upon her entered. She seated herself by the side of Evelyn took her hand, and, in a trembling voice, said : 'What are you to Mathew Drake that he should make me your gaoler ?' ' I am the victim of his wickedness, and, still more unhappily, of his admiration. He wants me to be his wife. I would die rather I' SAn expression of pain and pity passed over the wan and wearied face. 'From that doom I can save you,' the woman said, 'whenever it is imminently threatened. But, of course, you would es cape from this, if possible ?' 'Ah ! how gladly I' exclaimed the young girl; 'but I am in his power.' 'Not if you are brave, and lose not a moment in delay. Are you afraid of the water ?' ' If cannot swim, and I am afraid no boat could cross that torrent. Are you going to help me ? Is there no one else, watching ? May I trust you ? Thus Evelyn spoke, somewhat incoherently; but the woman took her hand, led her through the door, and went down a passage which sloped towards the high and dilapi. dated terrace of the moat. A little gate stood open. From it a narrow broken causeway ex tended to the opposite bank. It was already submerged to the extent of three or four inches. 'Run across that,' whispered the woman, 'run as if for life. He may bappen to see you from his den up abovei.but, before be can be here, the water will be boiling, and would sweep him away in an instant, if he tried to follow. But be quick; not a moment to spare 1' ' Stay; what will become of you ?' SThat matters nothing. Go I' Instinctively Evelyn obeyed. Thie sense ofliberty was too sweet for sacrifice, and, forgetful of danger, she darted upon the slippery path, splashed along, careless of wet or wind, almost stumbled two or three times, and reached the opposite bank just as with another fierce roar, a fresh accession of the torrent came foaming down from the forest. In her exultation she turned round, The Black Moat was surrounded high with sprbulpt and breaking water; and in the little gateway etood MaIthew Drake, with every evil jassion fl:nmir.g in his countenance. It was imnpossible for Evelyn to repress a triumphant smile; but an instant afterwards it was regretted. In an upper window, pale and painful to see, she recognised the face of her father. Only a single glance was exchanged between these two; hers one of surprise, his of reproach, for, wntb a gesture of astonished sorrow, he immediately turned away. "The younc girl had escaped for the time, itwas true, but whabt step was next to be taken ?' She was at a considerable distance, she knew, from Norman Cha:e, and, besides, what sort of reception might there await her? In what direction did it lie? Who were its present occupants ? There had been a time when, in all conli denet, she would have claimed the hos pitality and protectiots of Fairleigh Manor. All that was past, and the bitter remem brance of her broken love came upon tlhe desolate girl to darken the strange dream in which, for a time not to be measured by mete dats, she appeared to have been living. Nor were there wanting physical discom forts to aggravate the wretchedness of her position. Exhausted by her desperate effort, soaked by the water through which she had rushed, and by the spray flung up high from it, hungry, bare-headed, and at a loss what direction her flight must take, she still felt that she must, without delay, get away as far as possible from Mr. Mathew Drake and his Moat. Following the first path, therefore, that opened from where she s:ood, the baronet's daughter, balf-bewildered, walked straight on, as fast as her feet could carry her. SI will find my way,' she thought, when the confusion of her facultes had m some degree.cleared off, ' to Baronbury town, and go to those lawyers.' Which was a sensible resolve, and proved that Miss Evelyn Hedley was not expecting any knight in complete armour to come pricking along the alleys of the wood to her rescue. Presently the woodland ceased and was succeeded by a cheerful prospect of farms and fields. To a farmhouse she would go, was the resolutiou of this common-sense young lady, andtell so much of her story as was necessary. And she did so. Her appearance caused no little sutprise, dripping, bare-headed, and generally disordered as she was; but she explained that she had escaped from a house in which she had been shut up against her will, had crossed the rising water, and had lost ber way. This was enouh. The good people gave her a welcome, with all else she required, and Eveln Hedley might have felt something like -happiness had itriot been for the haze in which her father's life had become more deeply and obscurely enveloped every day, since the occurrence of that unexplained tragedy at Norman Cbase. S:ill the reaction had come. The fatigues ofyouth are soothing, and the young gil slept as in an atmosphere of balm. Early on the next morning she awoke in a state of perplexed surprised, which,however, speedily passed. off, and she was received with homely but hearty greetings by the farmer's matronly wile. .. No one had hitberto asked her same, It is aprinciple of hospitality, in some countries, never to do this. But she, on her part, inquired the distance to Norman Chase, and the direction in which it lay. There was an exchange of looks.at the table. 'Are you gossg there?' at length said the farmer." - Who is there nbw ?' she asked, evasively .. \- Not Sir Norman, you may be sure. -It's too hot for him.' All her blood burned at these words, and her face flushed with a mingling of indig nation and shame. 'Why, do you:know him ?' inquired her straightforward hostess. }Pity if you do,' '? am his- daughter,' she answered, proudly-almost fiercely, rising at the same time, and standing, as . if impelled by the question that quivered upon her beautiful hlps. 'And whait will you dare to say of hIlm or me ?' . The others rose also, and the woman, laying a hand on.iEvelyn's -shoulder, spoke, after a long and painful pause, in a language to which the strength of her natural feeling gave a certain dignity: 'I have no pity for the man who commits so terrible a crime; but I can still less sympathise with the child who betrays him.' 'Glad you didn't tell us that last night, miss,' added the farmer. Sorry to. have re fused to take youir, But we have children of our own here, and you're not the daughter for them to follow by.' Evelyn laid a gold coin on the table-for they had.taken nothing from her at the Moat -turned away, and, without so much as a single word, quitted the house. There was some little good fortune in store for her yet. At two or three miles distance she entered a little town, perfectly unknown to her, how ever, by sight and name, .and ventured to inquire her way at a small, old-fashioned inn, where the people were civil. There was nothing dishevelled in her appearance now to excite suspicion or sur prise, beyond the fact that it seemed unusual for a young lady, richly- dressed, and of apparent high-breeding, to be wandering thus alone, ignorant of her own whereabauts. It's ten good miles from this to Norman bury town,' said the landlordi, 'but our old chaise can take you there in an hour and a half. Everybody in these parts knows Mr. Tyndall Thorpe.' The name of that highly.respectable firm bad impressed him in favour of his young guest. 'Refresh yourself,.mise,':he went on, '. in this room,' pointing towards a-little snuggery which was his wife's'especial, sanctum, 'and Bill will be ready in no time.' Evelyn was very glad f .the opportunity, both r;f resting aw~hile and of journeying to her destination s, easily. Not long after noon she had reached Baronbury. lHalf an hour later the hbriress of Norman Chase was closetted with the bead of ihe firmn, Tyndall Thorpe, Esq solicitor, her father's confidential agent, His manner was evidently embarrassed. - Clearly and simply she told her tale, be ginning, however, only - with the evening of her abduction, aqd concluding with her as tonishment at discovering that her father had been ,,n inmate of the same illegal prison-house sith herself. Mr. Tyndall Tho:pe was a very tall, thin man, with iron-grey hbic and whiskers, and an abominable habit of appearing to be thinking while he pretended to be listening. When Evelyn had finished, he passed one hand two or three times slowly over his chin, and said after a pause. Forgive me, Miss Hedley, you have told either too little, or too much, You have heard of the suspicions cast upon your father.' She only bowed. ' And of the imputations, with regard to him, made against yoursell ?' i i have,' she answered, wondering whither these questions tended. It is a painful task I have to perform,' he said, risins and ringing the bell, 'We baye sworn information from three witnesses, ith respect to your language and conduct after this frightful affair at Norman Chase; and now you have oome to disclose his place of concealment. You have done your duty, Miss Hedley, at what cost to your filial feel ings I cannot pretend to know. I must now do mine by obtaining a warrant for the immediate arrest of Sir Norman Hedley, on a charge of wilful murder, on his own dasughter's denunciation.' It was notallat once thatshncomprehended his meaning, Then co cry or word came form her lips. F;or the second time on that day she had heard similiar words, imputing to her an impious crime, as she thought it would be. S?he did not swoon; she had rarely ever done so in her life; but she looked'at the lawyer like one incapable of understanding him, until a reply to his ring came, and a clerk stood in thIe doorway... Tins brought her instantly to a recollection of the scene that had passed. 'Send him away,' she passionately cried, 'you have mistaken me. Everyone has mistaken me. I never There was a knock, and the clerk who had withdrawn at a sign from his employer, announced : \- Mr. Mathew Drake.' Evelyn regained all her former composure. * At least, Mr. Thorpe,' sthe said, haughtily, 'you, whom my father trusted, can protect his daughter from th;s man.' And she quitted the solici:or's office, as she had quited the farmer's breakfast parlour. /Once more .alone, without a purpose, hating herself for her blindness to the sub leties of the plot that was weaving round the master of Norman Chase, not dating to go to her ancestral home, not, indeed daring, for the moment, to determine upon going any sh re. But a sudden light seemed to break upon htr mind. It determined her resolution. She would conceal herself in the place where she was least likely to be sought amid the gorgeous desolation of Norman Chase. Some words let fall by Mathew Drake, at the Black Moat, had told her that it was once more empty, with shuttered windows, doubly locked doors, and not even a house keeper to a ts? guardian of the I r p:rtt. All themoveable valuables were safely stowed away. There was little in the ponder ous furniture or voluminous hangings to tempt a tbief. But a companion of some sort she must have, hboth to keep open a communication with the outer world and to relieve a solitude which else might drive her mad. She bethought herself of a woman-her nurse in unremembered childhood-a grave, steady, faithful servant, who had been piti lessly superseded by Mathew Drake's orders, and was, therelore, not likely to become an agent of his. This person lived In a cottage outside Chasefield village. She entered readily into the plans of her young mistress. How shall we enter ?' asked Evelyn. ' I have the key to a back door.' Thus it happened that Evelyn Hedley became once more an inmate of the vast and gloomy. mansione, almost alons--enttrely alone, so far as -her plans and hbpes were concerned. What were. these? They will, in due time, explain themselves. TO BE CONl'rNUED 