By j. monk FOSTER, ' . Author of " A Pit-Brow Lassie," " Slaves of > - Fate," "A-.Miner'a Million,"".Queen of.the •Faotory," "A Crimson' Fortune," "The : • White Gipsy," &c.;, &o.; . Jv IPobllBbsd by special arrangements with the author. All rights leserved.) • PART IL—THE ISLE OF GOLD. Chapter I.—The Waikanoota Rush. : ■" " Here we are, lads.Down with:the traps and let's mark out our claim." v The speaker :was one of a party of three men who had just arrived at Waikanoota Gully, a rook-bound valley lying, about twenty miles ..eastward of Hokitika,. the capital of Westland • county, New Zealand. \- He and-his companions were gold-diggers, and only, that morning had they thrown'up an • old and unprofitable claim some miles away and -• joined in the rush to Waikanoota Gully, where, : rumor said,1 that gold was to be scooped up in bncketsfuL - ' "All right, Seph," one of the first speaker's 'chums answered. . "Shall we unload the mule • here ? , What spot do you fancy, "old man ? ' . "Herb, right -here, Granby," the man:ad 'dres3ed*as Seph replied as he glanced around , • him.:. "ThiB right in the centre of the gulch, : and the alluvial will be at its thickest here abouts, or else I know1 nothing of ;gold digging. Unload the mple and in withthe pegs at once." Seph's. comrades needed nb urging to do the work ' whioh' lay, immediately before them.; During the past few inonthB fortune had not . looked favorably upon their endeavors after .' gold and the prospect of a new and, probably, a rich olaim had an'inspiring influence upon eaoh member,of the' party at that .moment. 'Besides, they knew that unless that particular ■ spot was staked out forthwith some "other • crowd of wandering diggers might come up and interfere with the ground selected.; . . So • they, all set to work to .unload, the . animal .which bore their tools, tent,, and other belongings, and while they are. so employed a glance may be taken of their surroundings. ■ ' Waikanoota Gully was a rook-bound valley , half, a hundred yards wide and about, a mile' and three-quarters long. Thousands of years ' .before the Bfcony gorge had been carved out by one or another of the titan forces of nature. ' Along the gulch ran a narrow stream orystally.olear and icy cold, which was. fed in equal proportions by the frequent rains and thick mists and the waters of the melting glaciers which'gathered eternally at the head : , of. Mount, Cook and his brother mountains and slid for ever at their feet. • The sides of the gully were almostsheer walls of rook, whioh rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great steps that led to the . : summits. of the snow-orowned giants which reared themselves in the centre of the island. But the rocky. sides of the wild and weird looking glen. were not barren. Wherever a : foothold could be found for vegetable life these plants flourished and : the steep .walls of the gully presented a long .stretch of the!.most charming and vivid green and delicate greys to the eye. • • . V,. Here and there in boundless profusion lovely tree ferns and darker-leaved shrubs luxuriated, running up the sides of the precipices in long strips of. vegetationuntil lost to view. in'the silvery mists whioh hung about the Bhouldbrs of the titahio hills. And here and there amon& the great masses 'of green feathery, fpliage the totara'pines lifted . their tapering stems, draped with'-'all- manner of fantastically shaped festoons of grey lichen, which contrasted prettily with the patches of black rook, the huge' fern fronds and scatlet blossoms of the rata whioh in places lib up 'the tangled growth of green with "patches of intense color.;-. / - _ At the head of the gully a thin thread of silvery water leaped downward to feed the rivulet and beat itself with a musioal murmur into spray on the rooks below, and. at other .points along the valley little cascades were tinkling down the lichen-covered walls, i • Three weebs'before a couple of miners out prospecting 'had discovered gold iri the first panful of dirt they had washed in Waikanoota Gully, and subsequent washings at different •points had given equal fruitfuh results. ' • Then the blood-stirring 'news had . been scattered about and the rush to .'Waikanoota Gully - began';;. and in twenty-one days the \- quiet deserted gulch had " been transformed into a small pandemonium composed.of men of almost every nationality under the heavens whowere thirsting after the preoious yellow metaL '•■ • . By. the time our three'friends reached the spot the place appeared like a small town: or, perhaps a better phrase would be, a large fair, for between' a -thousand and fifteen hundred 'men of all sorts and conditions had taken up their temporary: quarters in the'gully. The majority of these wanderers had housed themselves in oanvas tents or rough huts of . timber; and1 a few ' boasted erections of;light \- corrugated iron, while not a small number had nothing to shelter them save a shaggy well worn and. too often dirty blanket. . Most of the miners who were then roughing it at Waikanoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on their backs, gene ., rally wrapped up in the ever-present blanket. Diggers can exist Under almost any conditions provided that they have a good stout rug in which ^o .'enwrap ' themselves at night when they take their well-won "sleep in the open be Bide a fire and a pannikin ana " billy" in whioh to boil their tea. ' - . The men at Waikanoota were a! rough and ready lot, but not more, rough and ready than one could expect to find at suoh'aplace., They ; worked hard;. in the - daytime. seeking the auriferous ore and. if they found it . in any con siderable quantity they wished themselves and their ohums good luok in one or1 other, of,the drinking saloons. * Three weeks had transformed, the deserted gulch into a town, with. traders' stores, an \- hotel, a hank even, and whisky dens by the dozen. The finds of gold had been rather extraordinary and; the boom had attracted •every .miner with abad .claim who was, within ' twenty .miles. These men-were still coming in "by dozens, and in the "course of a week or two 'every available , inch of soil in Waikanoota Gully would be'staked out. By the time Seph Dennett, Geqrg'e.Granby, and their remaining chum, Ike Shellcombe, had staked out their olaim and ereoted their conical house of oanvaB the evening was ap proaching. Behind the-towering mountains the Bun was slowly sinking, and the : level red' rays smote the glistening white-capped-peaks, and track less wastes of snow and ice: below with a fire whiohSpotted and; streaked ; them as if with blood. . - - - -r. The three ohums had just finished work and were standing at the entrance to their tent. One of them, Ike Shellcombe, was "Well, mates," he remarked with the nasal peculiarity of . the true Yankee, "I-guess we've about-finished that job and that being so I vote that we liquor up. What do you say, Seph", old man ?" , , "I was just thinking, Ike, of making- a fire so that we could have a sope of tea," was the "US, ever minds the fire," Granby broke in at this point, "at least not yet, Dennett. :It's"i too eariy by a'long way to turn in yet, and tea will keep. I'm of Shelloombe's way of thinking. Let us go and have a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lot of fellows here that we know." ." Well, I don't mind," Seph responded, and -they all turned away from the tent'-'and made their way towards the centre of the crowded settlement. - . dPioking their way amid the multitude of diggings and; diggers the trio sauntered along. Many of-the miners , were ceasing operations for the day, and with some of these our friends, pansed now and again to chat about the claims. Most of. those to whom they spoke gave, glow*, ing accounts of their " finds," and,this seemed to augur well for the success of the ground they had taken up. 7.-. ; The Bcene in the. gully was of a lively and an interesting ^nature. Half of the fiat patch of allu vial land 'hemmed " in by the cliffs -was already occupied and being rifled of its ryellow treasures,', and .the. remainder.. would be taken up in the oourse of a week, for fresh batohes of, diggers were constantly arriving in gangs of" twos/ threes,' fours, "and half-dozens. : / Here and there the red-shirt'ed miners were standing about their holes/ some of them wind ing up buckets laden with • the gold-bearing dirt, others washing, the last. panful of- gravel and storing, away the auriferous sand. • At the mouth of many claims a small flag of red bunting was flapping idly im the evening breeze, denoting, that gold in paying quantities had"been unearthed at those partioumr spots. In/and about the .broken ground the new arrivals . were. threading their; way," making eager enquiries ofthe workers. " The , trades men's stores were; lit. up already and doing a good business and the saloons were driving a roaring "trade/in .bad whisky • and other liquors and English bottled ale and stout.' . ''Here's the place, I guess," said Ike Shell combe as" he and 'his chums came upon a large , structure of corrugated: iron, over th large open doorway of which ran the legend McTaggartfs' First Class Hotel; " Come along; boys, and let's/sample the Britisher's poison."" - ' They . went " inside, together . and . found a motley assemblage gathered about the long bar. They ordered drinks and stood chatting among themselves,' glancing ■ meanwhile- hither and thither about the place and making casual observations concerning the various diggers they knew in the crowd. / . . ..Presently. George , Granby; nudged each of his chums sharply in the ribs with his elbows and said • " Look" over there at the further end of the room.' There's that old ' hatter' again—Maori Dick, don't you.call him?" . Seph's eyes and those of Ike were turned in j the direction Granby had- indicated and they j recognised "at once- the notorious character to whom -their chum had alluded. ' Maori Dick wasa gaunt fellowqof 45'or 50, ill-clad, iinkempt, and'of a generally uninviting aspect. To look at the wretched creature one would not have given - a -brass'farthing for the. man, either morally, physically, or intellectually. ' But Maori Dick was worth more than he appeared to be.- When he spoke one could deteotiin-his speeoh and manner traces of a a refinement and education which testified that he had "lived a - higher life somewhere and at some time hot remotely distant. . _ ; What the man's real name was no one in the island "could tell, nor where he hailed from originally,'for when sober he oould -never be got tospeak of either himself or his past; and when drunk, which was often; he was not to be pumped by the most ounning digger in all New Zealand. For the last ten years the miserable fellow had been knocking about the various " gold towns in-Westland county and he was familiar as the sun to every old digger within forty miles. vY ' V-y Once a week Maori Dick would turn up in one.or other of the noted diggings and after having had a big and deep "drunk" would disappear for a" handful of days, to be seen no more of men and the world until the drinking fit was upon him again. But the strangest part of the business was this.- -Although no~digger of all the thousands on the South Island had ever seen Dick handle either a pick, shovel, or cradle, he was always flush of money when he frequented the common haunts of men. • Y \- Where the man got' his money from was a mystery , to all,_ and not a few theories had been originated in order to explain the puzzle. Some believed: that Maori Dick was a scape grace member of an aristocratio family in old England and that his relatives paid him hand somely to keep away from home; while others there were who averred that Diok was simply an idle digger who had made his pile years ago and was now spending it after the fashion which appeared best to himself; and again not a few diggers hinted that the disreputable sot who thrOw his cold about so recklessly when "on the spree" had struck a rich hole some where and: was working it secretly. /. When questioned on the point Diok would tug with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf of grizzled hair at his ohin and emit a low, dry, cynioal chuckle. Most frequently that was Mb only answer/ but occasionally he would remark after asking his interlocutor to have a drink, that his pile was safe, and that.he meant to " blue it before he passed in his oheoks." Maori Dick was already half drunk and he was pressing everyone about him to drain their cups'and have another with him; Our three friends only escaped his invitation because they were out of the field of his obscured vision. -. . "There is something about/that fellow I cannot fathom for the very life of me," George Granby muttered in a reflective, way to his companions. ' "That is BO, boss," the Yankee drawled in answer. " I reckon, pard, that I can take the measure of • most men, but Dick there I some how can't get a grip of." "One tbiug is certain about him, Shell combe," Granby returned in a positive tone. "And what may that be, ole man?" Ike queried as he filled his lank, hairless jaws with a mammoth plug of tobacco. ■ "He's a university man—a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. He's of good birth, too, or I'm a Josser. Haven't yon noticed at times how well.modulatedhisvoice is andhowcorreot is his English? There's a mystery about Maori Dick that I'd give aitrifle to get to the bottom off. What do you say, Seph ?" • I'm with you there," waB Dennett's ready response. ' "That chap ha3 a_ story like most of us I suppose, butt, what it is I . cannot even imagine. But I do know that he is a very, generous fellow in spite of his dirt, drink, and beastliness in general." " How do you reckon thai: up, Britisher ?" asked the: American. "I guess that Diok's generosity run fo a liquor as it does with the lot of us." "Ohno, Ike;"Seph remonstrated.. "Wait till I tell you what happened two or three years ago, when I first met Dick {it Hokitika. He had been on one of his great sprees there when I first ran against him and had painted the whole town red, as you may . .readily suppose. But his drunk on that occasion had been a bigger and more lengthy one than tesual even with'him. _ " I was hanging around the place doing no thing in particular, having just finished a good paying hole up Kabonaga way, where the gold had given out and was waiting for the next rush. "Being flush, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing the rounds of the whisky hells I came : aoroBs Dick there and had not a few drinks'with him.; - He's; an awfully good natured fellow.- when.in liquor and he seemed to take : to me somehow. At all events he wanted me to go on the rampage with him and offered to find all the rhino for the fun.". "Of course Ideclined, for.I wasn't without a nice little heap-of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick continued to paint the town crimson on his own hook. "One day when his dust had run out and the bar-tenders of the various saloons were re fusing to give him a booze on tick he met with an accident—got knocked out in the street by a passing cart and had his leg broken. " T^ere the poor devil'was stranded and helpless after running through forty or fifty pounds' worth of dust in a dozen days or thereabouts, I found him lying in a den where he had been carried and with no one near who eared a tinker's curse whether he rotted to death or not." . • ; "And you, Seph,"Granby asked as Dennett paused in his recital to wet his whistle with a drop of whisky, "whatdid you do?" "What did I do? What eould I do ? Ihad the wretched devil - taken to the best hotel in all Hokitika and placed under proper medical attendance^ and I gave the doctor to. under stand that I would pay for everything—in fact I did pay in advanoe—and I-told him to spare nothing."' J "And then,: Seph?" asked Granby,-who had become interested in the story, " what hap pened afterwards?" ' " I left the town in a hurry to join in some gold rush then on up Taurangi way !and didn't see Dick-until-.thirteen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with me, you can bet.- I and a chum had been working like'niggers for months-in a'god-forsaken hole at Taurangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time to keep us with" dry tommy. ' " And tomake matters as infernally bad as they could he iny old chum, Roger Wolfendale, took the fever'aad died. When I had buried him I was'stone-broke both in pocket and in spirit—hadn't a copper to curse or bless myself with and'credit for neither a bite nor sup. "I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then and for ever and of begging my way to Otago; where I might turn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a saloon but Maori Dick.: ' ; "He was on the'go5 as:usual, but he was sober enough to recognise me at once' and to grip me fast.. It didn't. take me long to tell him how.things stood with me: and; before' I knew what I was doing I was inside .the place and had the best the saloon oould offer in the way of eatables and drinkables.55 " Good : old hosB!" quoth the Yankee, with SBparkleih hia small eyes. " There's grit in the heathen after all. I reckon I owe that old follow a drink.55 .-I; : ." But' that: wasn't all, Shellcombe,55 Seph went on. •Bef Ore we parted ■' Dick"- dropped five and twenty quid into my hands* and when I wanted to-talk about repayment or him want ing some of it he simply ran away,and left me. Since then -1 have met him' many a time, and have offered him'repayment. But I shall never do so again;55-'" ' ■: " How's that, pard the Yankee demanded somewhat sharply. "Because I do not'want to insult him,55 was Seph's reply. " Low as Maori Disk appears mile to have fallen the heart of a man still beats in his breast, no matter how muoh he may try to hide the'fact) by making a beast,.of himself. The last time I ventured to Bpeak to him about the money, he implored ' me with tears in his eyes—the.first timeT or anyone else eversaw him betray 'any sign of feeling—never again to offer him that crowning insult after what I done for'him in Hpkitika." "I should like fo.shake the old vagabond by the hand!" Granby burst .forth.' "There's better stuff in that old demoralised savage than all thegang he is treating there at the bar!" "I'm with you there, pard," drawled Ike,' as. he munched his mouthful of thick twist, " I guess I ' shall' have to make Maori Dick's acquaintance just for the-sake, of telling him that he's a darned heap better than I used to think him." . ' : "Then you'll have a chanoe now," D8nnett cried suddenly,," for Dick's coming over here ■I can see." He's spotted me—here he comes.'" So it was. The tall,' gaunt, negleoted-look ing, fellow came across the place at a gallop and was Wringing Seph Dennett's fist in his own ere the others scarcely realised it. . " How'; are yon, Seph, my boy ?"thehalf tipsy vagrant oried loudly. " All right I can see. Yes, I'm on the rampage again and mean to do the . thing well on this especial occasion. \ Maori, Dick doesn't count the coat when he is out for a holiday. Are: these friends of yours, Seph? If they are I should like to feel their hands." Seph presented his oomrades in an off-hand way and the, mysterious reveller continued, " Glad to meet you all, gentlemen—you spe cially, Soph. I want to tell you something some day. But that's not the question' now. It's my shout this time, so give your speoial poison a name." The drinks were ordered and supplied, and ob they sipped them they engaged in conversa tion reapeocing the gaily and its denizens. "Been here long, gentlemen?" Maori Dick asked as he poised his tumbler of whisky and. soda, on high and watched the sparkling effer vescent; bubbles with the glance', of a con noisseur. "Wo only joined the rush, this afternoon," said Dennett. "Have you been here long?" "Just a few days only, and I was thinking of moving; but I shall stay a little longer now for the pleasure of yoiir company. . If you gentlemen will only help me to melt the dust you will confer aninestimable" benefit upon yours faithfully. . What do—" /■.- ' Maori Dick's speeoh was broken off abruptly and his face changed color with the quickness of a. lightning flash. His attention has been arrested by the voices of some new arrivals, and one of these, a. dark-bearded, sturdily formed man of fifty, he stared at as if a ghost or devil were confronting him. Then without a word he turned, drained his glass to the dregs, and tried to slip out of the saloon. But he was not quick enough. Ere he reached the wide gaping doorway a burly form.dashed forward and strong revengeful hands gripped him tightly. Maori Dicks assailant was the .dark-bearded stranger at whom he had stared with fear and amaze, and the man's voice was ringing huskily, passion ately, savagely through the saloon. . "You _ damnable hound!", the stranger hissed, with his fingers at Dick's throat. " At last I have found you ! Now I'll wipe"out your sin with your life ! Stir a foot if you dare and I'll put a bullet through your infernal carcase!" , In a moment all. was clamor and confusion. The diggers rushed in a crowd to wards, the struggling men, al agog with wonder as to the cause of the sudden encounter. ' (To be continued.J 