Folk Lore. "Funny Fancies of Our , Grandmothers." Lecture by Mr. S. "W. Brooks. Tho second of tlio popular lectures under tho auspices oi the South. Brishano Municipal Library und Sohool of Arts was, delivorcd in the Town Hull. Vulture street, last niirht. when Mr. S. "W. Brooks gave an interesting address on " Folk Loro ; or, Funny Fanoios of our Grandmothers." Tlio Mayor (Aid. W. Jones) ocoupicd the chair, and there was a largo attendance, among those prcsont being Aid. 0. AV Midson. M.L.A., Mr. H. Tnrloy, M.L.A., and Aid. <f. Hordgrave, and J. Ovcrcrid. Tho Mayor said tho present was the second of a series of lectures whioh had been nrrangod fo.r by tho committee of the Sohool of Arts. Most of his hearers wero aware that the insti tution was now conduoted us a continuation of the old library and Sohool of Arts carried on for so many years in the old Mechanics' Insti tute. Tho committee of the Sohool of Arts was composed of representatives of subscribers and of aldermen representing the munioipal counoil of South Brishano. During last year the affaire of the Sohool of Arts got backward, like almost every other institution- in Queens land, and the subscribers. asked the council to take over the liabilities and also the manage ment. Afteragoodmany months' time andmuch debate, the institution was taken over, so that the Sohool of Arts was nowa munioipal affair. It belonged to. the council, and the joint com mittee managed its affairs. The annual sub scription had been lowered, and in addition to that there was a freo reading- room. Thero were also technical olasses for drawing, sing ing, and shorthand. Altogether the committee wero trying to muko tho institution worthy of being called a. school of arts. (Applause.) Mr. Breaks, the lecturer that night, was well known to those present as an old resident of South Brisbane, and ho would simply call upon him to give his lecture. (Applause.) Mr. Brooks's lecture, which occupied an hour and a half in delivery, was attentively listened to. Tho amusing and quaint supersti tions touched upon occasioned a' good deal of laughter, and Mr. Brooks was also suo- cesssfiil in winning frequent applause. He went through the main episodes and the various stages of life — birth, . marriage, . and death, with the intervals of childhood and youth, family experiences, and old age — and referred in a very interesting manner to remarkable notions whioh were conneoted with tho various periods. Lucky and unluoky acts and circum stances were touohed upon, und detailed reference was made to the strango cares for sickness and disoaso believed in by people in different parts of the world. In regard to apparitions, the leoturer regretted that he had been unable to discover a single good ghost story in- Brisbane, although he had made in quiries of people who had resided in the oity for half a century. AVhile the leoture showed evidencos of 'exhaustive research among the literature of folk lore, some of its most interesting portions wore those in fwliioli personal experiences in tho English provinces, inAustralia, and inFijiwerenarrated. Enough was said to show that Fii was exceptionally- rich in queer ideas and beliefs,' and that oven Australia is not altogether free from super stition. The seotion dealing with death omens and other matters conneoted with tho close of lifo was .eagerly listened to. In' conolusion, Mr. Brooks spoke of tho approaoh of tho day of delivoranco from all that debases and befools, and ho resumed his seat amid hearty applause. Aid. Harogbave moved a vote of thanks to the leoturer, whioh was oarried by ucclomation. Mr. Brooks, in acknowledging the compli ment, thanked the audience for having so olosely givon him thoir oyes and ears during the only non-soientifio leoture of the course. 