PASSING NOTES. BY FAUSTINE. Until vice-royalty has turned Its back upon heated Sydney to take up Its summer residence at Moss Vale, all genuine "Pooh- Babs" of Nslr South Wales society remain naturally and loyally Indifferent to the state of the thermometer. Flowery Tas mania and snow-capped New Zealand stretch out futile arms to them; the purple distances of our own mountains beckon them In vain. Secretly Impatient they may be, but openly rebellious — never! which, after all, Is a very proper, becoming, and truly Christian frame of mind. Still, the keen observer may note just now a sort of anticipatory flutter— an incipient disintegra tion of the social fabric— that is rather felt than seen. It says to the middle-aged and disappointed, "Oh, dear; another season gone; and not much to show for it" — be cause the pessimistic note is the fashionable one now-a-days — and wo wander among our crumpled rose leaves, microscope and scal pel in hand, like disconsolate ghosts. The young are catching the complaint; but, thank goodness, there are still a few healthy-minded young creatures left, who arc looking forward to tennis and riding and boating parties in a way that good old mother Nature must find quite complimen tary after all the snubs she has been get ting lately. All is not lost. If we would only try to recognise tho fact, In spite of tho China-Japan scrimmage, and Mr. Stead's severe supervision. Somo men — and women too — seem to get the idea into their heads, as a wise somebody once re marked, that unless they sit on a high stool and audit all God's accounts, the old universe will "come a cropper" sooner or later. The state of feeling Is kind, but tiresome. In London, the social season Is naturally a thing of long ago. Everybody is rush ing about, in the country or on the Conti nent, shooting, fishing, hunting, golfing, or watching other people golf, with a per tinacity that Is essentially modern. Tho "ever- restless sea" is not In It beside the ever-restless human. However, that Is his lookout, and not mine or Mr. Stead's. To return. Lord Rosebery Is at beautiful Dal- meney; Lord Salisbury Is, or was, at Hat field. a month ago; Mr. Morley Is at Cluny Castle: and Mme. Adellna Pattl Is going to Nice. I forgot to look this week what the Royal family were doing — a terrible lapse from loyalty, which has been lying heavy on my conscience ever since. Even the precious little new Duke of York, with bis real old Honlton frocks arid pelisses and caps, and his silver oups, and his golden prospects (ah mo! who would dare to pro phesy that baby destiny?) was as clean for gotten by his humble subject as If he had been a little street Arab In a knee-fringe of rags, and a billy-cock hat three sizes too large for him! These heathen tendencies must be looked to. One feels really soli tary. It is as had as being the only goose in a white splendor of swans, or the only Democrat in the Oregon Parliament. "Wice wanquished and wlrtue rewarded." How the cods roar when the villain — usually the most interesting figure In melo drama — Is suddenly cut off In his sins, by drowning, or boiling, or falling down a shaft or a precipice, just when dear Emma sinks fainting into his loathsome embraces, to save her grey-haired father from a felon's fate! The theory doesn't always work in real life. On our bad little planet the spider has been known to eat the fly. and the wicked old blue-bottle to stand by and actually buzz his approval. But there has been a real and beautiful awakening in. wicked ClilcaEO lately. The American District Telegraph Company there are pro posing to dismiss their entire staff of boys and take on girls instead. And why? Bo- cause "girls are more honest than boys, and they neither chew, smoke, gamble, nor are attracted by the disreputable houses they are forced to fetch and carry for." The company, it appears, has had some "heavy money losses" lately through the dishonesty of messengers, so proposes to try If more innocent material will stand the strain better. They don't like' to send pure young girls to doubtful haunts — their own white souls revolt at such a thing. But people In doubtful haunts must get their telegrams like everybody else; and wo must humbly trust in Providence, you know, to temper the moral wind to the shorn lamb. And if he remains neuter, as he Is apt to do in these cases— If one relay catches the plague and goes under— why, bring on another! Flesh and blood are cheap, and life is short. Let us rake In the dollars, arid be happy! I used to think Pecksniff overdrawn, n,;th hid Tnnrnl axioms and his canting whine. Not a bit of it! We brush against Pecksniffs every day. in the street, in the banker's stronghold, in the church— more often there than elsewhere, perhaps. How can you suspect a saintly-faced man in shining broadcloth, as he hands round tho plate, with "dearly beloved brethren" written all over liiui In meek capitals, of being a liar and a fraud, and a robber of tho widow and orphan? Which reminds me, by the way, of that much-wronged, suffering martyr, Jabez Balfour, of Libe rator fame, and the way his little dance over ruined homes and broken hearts has ended. Mr. Bridgett, the British Consul at Buenos Ayres, it was who caught him. He was "sipping coffee" and praising the Lord, when he felt himself unconsularly grabbed. "Sir," said he, "I protest." "None of your humbug," said the consul. I think he used an adjective, not digni fied, but to the point. If he did, I am very sure, like Uncle Toby's oath, it winged its way to the great White Throne, where au attendant angel blotted it out. Then Jabez capitulated, first, however, ex pressing his strong disapprobation of bad language. "And pray." he added, "let mo have a Bible at once, that I may commune with my God in tills my hour of trial." And there lie lias been communing ever since— in the Intervals of bribing his at tendants, and filling them up with texts. We have had lady doctors in Sydney so long that it has ceased to be a novelty. Now we can boast a lady surgeon-dentist. Her rooms are somewhere in Hunter-street, and her credentials, I believe, excellent, though I have not yet seen lier. This Is really a great step gained, for dentistry Is one of those things in which a woman ought to excel. Unfortunately, some people say, through over-civilisation, some Insufll- cleut attention to diet, and so on, the dental outfit that nature provides her children with is not as durable as it used to be. Certainly, in the colonies, It is the excep tion rather than the rule to meet a middle- aged man or woman with a perfectly sound set of natural teeth. Fortunately, art, of late years, has stepped in; and where our grandmothers would have had, in the case of a missing front tooth or two, to go through life with the uneasy consciousness of an unsightly gap, wo can now procure so perfect an imitation that the loss is hardly felt. But those prosaic substitutes for a lost beauty— false teeth— to be suc cessful must be, as well as useful, beco ming, and a woman should be even quicker than a man to see exactly the shape, size, and position of the desired dental appen dage that will "suit" tho face best — espe cially a woman's face. Altogether, I have much pleasure in wishing our first lady- dentist every success. The first number of the little Melbourne magazine, "Tho Court," has just come to hand. It calls Itself "a journal of the Or der of tho Daughters of tho Court— and for women." Lady Hopetoun Is tho patron, or "grand dame," of the order, which has In the sister city Its high court, besides "chapters" In tlio neighboring colonies.- Not tlio most carping critic can find fault with its object — "To form an order of wo men who shall undertako to speak ill of none, and to cultivate the spirit of help fulness, endeavoring to do at least ono helpful deed every day." The one helpful I deed seems to have mounted up, among I so many members, to quite a respectable mass of work already, and several Victo rian charities, both public and private, have . benefited. But, after all, the first clause — "to speak 111 of none" — will he the supreme effort, and, thoroughly achieved, the su preme success. Side by side with this report I place a few privately spoken words from a lady well known In Sydney for her patient work, done mostly in a more individual and less ostentatious way. The touch of bitterness is excusable, perhaps salutary, from one who sees much "behind the scenes." "I am going to live out of Sydney," she says — "obliged to give up work — to me a great trial, as I have been trying to do on a small scale what a few are able to do on a larger — trying to teach women to live a little less selfishly. These 'hard times' and tho sights I see have crushed my spirit. The misery of mothers left to support their little children, and hands, always ready to give help at 'charity balls' and 'garden fairs," where the world congregates, are withheld, contemptuously and coldly, when the 'right hand' will not know as well as the left." That the picture is too true, I know. But it is not entirely black. Some times the "Marcellas" escape us, because we are severely watching the "Dodos." 