CATHOtlC DOOTBINB.— ., CONFESSION, DISCOURSE BY TIIE VBRX EEV. FATHER GATJGHREN. The Very Rev. Fr. Gaughxen, O.M.I., continued bis discourses on Catholic Doctrine at St. Patrick's Church, Pre manile, on' Sunday week last, the subject being ' Confession.' The very ror. preacher took for his text the words of our Lord as given in the gospel cf St. John, chap. xx. 22 28 ' Beceive ye the Holy Ghost whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose ye shall retain they are retain ed.' He said that he had intended to speak that evening upon another sub ject, but the attack made the previous Sunday evening and reported in the Dailt News upon one cf the moBt important portions of Catholic Doctrine, had induced him instead to make a defence of the. doctrine attacked, in attempt was made to prove that the practice of confession us existing in the Catholic Church was not of Divine institution ; that it was opposed to the teacl n ; of Jesua Christ, and in its appliuxuon was pernicious to Christian Cplo. The rev. gentleman said he I an opportunity recently of explain ing the doctrine of confession, and as a proof of the Divine origin of the practice, had shown that it not only existed in the beginning of the Church, but that it was sanctioned by Scripture. He had to re peat that in this attack— as in the pre vious ones by the Eev. Mr. Bryant — there was a great deal of assertion, but no attempt to prove the correctness of ?what was asserted. Statements wcro made from tin-6 to time, some of them containing charges against the Catholic Church, and when they had been proved not to be true their author had not withdrawn them, as in manliness and honesty he should. Fr. Gaughren said one of the great fallacies of Protestant ism was the contention that we should take the Scriptures as the tort-book of all we had to believe. He assured his hearers that there was no authority in the world to prove the assumption. The Holy Biblo was not a compendium of Christian doctrine. We were not told to go to the scripture for our own faith, but to hear the Church. Conse quently if they had not a single text in support of confession they should not hesitate to accept it on the authority of the Church. But, said Fr. Gaughren, what we did actually find in tho Holy Scripture was that the power of forgiving sins was conferred upon the Apostles. The Rev. Mr. Bryant had said when any man or any society claimed the prerogative of absolving men from their sins, a search ing enquiry should lie instituted, for either it was a case of blasphemy, or those who denied the claim were re fusing God's gift. He, Father Gaughren, was quite willing to abide by the for mula cf Sir. Bryant. We find our Lord giving power to the pastor of his Chnrch to forgive sins the very day ho rose from the dead. As we read in St. John, chap, xx, 19-28, the apostles were gathered together for fear of the Jews, our Lord came to them and said ' Peace be to you. As the Father has sent me I also send you,' and then ho breathed upon and then he said 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost, whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them and whose ye shall retain they are retained.' The preacher said they could not ex pect to find a clearer text than this, but their adversaries said it was a sacred and awful power entrusted to the apostles and the disciples, but not for use, in fact, that when our Lord spoke he said something which he did not intend them to believe as true. The Eev. Mr. Bryant said, that this trust was committed to the assemb led diBCipltta, not to the apostles only. If it hud been entrusted to tbo apottleB alont, there was no proof that taoy were empowered to transmit it to others, or that it would be renewed after their decease. JCven if that power had been given, the papal hierarchy could not make good its claim to exclusive apostolical succes sion. Either of these \fs was an effectual bar to Papal absolution, To that Fr. Gaughren said that the apost les were the bishops, and the disciples the priests of theChurch.and certainly the power was given to both. There teas no doubt that thep«wer was trans mitted through them to us. The power was given by our Lord for the relief of poor sinners and as sin was to continue, ?o He also left to His Church a nie&ns; of cleansing from sin. There exists no more authority for the power of giving communion, or for preaching; exercised by Mr. Bryant and his fellow ministers than there is for the power of forgiving Bine as these powers were not to die out. so also the power of pardon was to continue till the end of time. N otiv ith Btanding Mr. Bryant, it iB quite certain as an historical fact that in the Catholic Church there is Apostolic succession. Catholic Bishops can trace their descent from apostles, as the Popes can trace their succession i« an unbroken lino from St. Peter. Our Lord once worked a miracle to show that as uian he had power to forgive sins. St. Matthew eaye, chap. «., 2-6. 'They brought to him a man sick of the palsy, and Our Lord said to him you be of good heart thy sins are forgiven thee.' Some of the Scribes present said as Protestants Bay now, He blr«phemeth. Then Our Lord reading their hearts said ' which b it easier to say ' Thy sins are forgiven thee/ or ' rise up and walk.' 'But. as yon may know that tho Son of Man has [power on earth to forgive sins' ' then said to the palsied man 'riBe up take thy bed and walk.' That very iftme power he gave tc his Apostles, 'As the Father hath sent me, I also send you.' In St. Matthew, chap, xviii, we find Our Lord saying 'Whatsoever you shall bind upon Earth is also bound in heaven, and whatsoever you shall loose upon Earth is loosed in heaven.' So in 16 chap, of the Bame Gospel to St, Peter, Our Lord gives the Keys of the King dom and proceeds to use. the same words. From all of these, said Fr. Gaughren, we cannot but believe first that Our Lord gave them power to forgive Bins, and secondly that He intended the exercise of the power as the ordinary way in which sin could be forgiven. What oould be the use or meaning of the com mission thus given if the sinner could free himself in some other way. How could the Apostles bind if the einner could loose himself. With regard to the necessity of confession, Christians were found to confess their sins, inas much as the apoBtles were given power to retain the. sins of such as they thought necessary, and how could they know which sins were to be retained, if the sinner did. not mr^e his faults known. So was it understood by the first Christians. As we read in the 19 chap, of the Acts of the Apostles 'that, many who believed, came confessing their crimes,' and,. what is more, offer ing satisfaction by burning their bod books which were computed at the value of 50,000 pieces of silver. Here we have contrition, confession and sat isfaction. Yet we were told a short time ago, it was derogatory to God's honor for sinners to offer their works of satisfaction to Him. Those who had heard the teachings of the Apostles ir'ist have believed in their power to pardon sin, or they would not have confessed to them. Why chould they,; Protestants say we can go to God for forgivenness of our sins without the intervention of anyone. Can we, said Fr. Gaughren ? If God has appointed judges to administer His pardon, will He grant forgivennoss in any other way ? The Queen has appointed judges to administer her laws to judge be tween litigants, and if anyone were to attempt to take his case direct to the Queen would he not be told to go to the judges. The minister of God must exercise tho power of judging the guilt of the sins before he can pardon the sinner or retain the sins, ju6t as the ordinary judge must hear the evidence before he can give a decision. The apostles could only know the offence of the sinner through confossion. In the Epistle of St. John, we road that ' If we confess our sins He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, &c.;' This means, asserts Mr. Bryant, that we must confess our sins to God. Why so F Is there any indication of that P God is not mentioned. On the other hand confessing our tins is put in oppo sition to saying we have nosing in the preceding vorse. Now, who would dare to say to God ?. I have no sins ? Again, one is faithful who keeps his promises;, one ia just who gives to another what is due to hia-. Now, when has Qcd promised to pardon the eine of such as confess to Him V How is forgiveness duo to such confession ? But He d d promise to pardon when his minister pardoned; forgiveness from God is due to one who is forgiven by the ministers of Christ. Is it not reason able then to understand the Apostles as referring to confession made to the pastor* of this Church ? When we know that confession was practised from the beginning, we easily understand thj text, otherwise it has no meaning. St. J&m;«s also says ' Confess your sins one to another.' It may mean to a priest privately, as the priest ie epoken of in the .preceding verses; bnt it does not necessarily do so, because it was the practice of the early Christians to make public confession, as well as private, in view of absolution. They are to do so that they may be saved. His readers knew what St. James meant, as they had practiced confes sion for 25 years or more, before St. James 'wrote. Mr. Bryant hid said that much stress was laid upon this text of St. James by the Catholic Church— that the Eoinauieh doctrine of confossion was built upon it. That was not so. It wss not upon this that the Church has based her doctrine of con fession, for as he had said, and es tbo scripture shows, the practice had existed 25 years before St. James wrote the words. The very rev. preacher there fore contended, that Holy Scripture gave abundant authority for confes sion both directly by the text quoted, end indirectly by the power granted to the pastors of the Church to forgive sins or to retain .tberu, to bind or to loose. Further us we iind the practice existing1 till now, even it' there were no scriptural to warrant its existence to the present, would bccufiicicnt author ity for ifc. Had Christendom gone to sleep ond 'evening; knowing nothing of this necessity fox1 confession, und on awaking next ni')2':iing Jiscovored ite-?!f believing that tho practice was neces sary to salvation, unlyin such u way could its introduction after a- tiue of the Apostles be accounted for. .Anin nvoatiou of such importance could n- ?« fail to be recorded. Yet where ij tliia record ? What is tho date of its kitro ductiun '( TheearlicRbChristinn writings refer to it as a tiling alre.-trty practised and urge ite necessity. Tortulliaii, who wrote about A.D.16-i, or 1i~h than sixty years after the apostle, St. John, says, in his book on Penance, ' If you with draw from confession, thiuk of hell-fire which confession extinguishes.' Orkren. a little later,' inculcates the necessity of confessing our most secret tins, even urns of thought (Horn, in Levit) The preacher quoted from St. Basil (A.D. 87Bh St'. Ambrose . (A.D. 397) showing how confession was practised in thiar time. St. Augustine, gives an answer to our Protestant friends ; Onr merciful Father wills us to confesB in this world that wemaynotbeconfounded in the othor.' Again j Lot no one say to himself I do penance to God in private; I do it before God. Is it then in vain that Christ hath said, ' Whatsoever thon shalt loose on earth shall be loosed also in heaven ?' Is it in vain that the keys have been given to the Church : Do we make void the Gospel ? Void the words of Christ?'' (Horn, xx.) Thus does St. Augustine anticipate and answer the objection of the Rev. Mr. Bryant, 1,600 years beforehand. St. Chrysostoin (A.D. 400) in his 30th Homily, says : ' So we have now at length reached the close of Holy Lent ; now especially we must press forward in the career of fasting .... and exhibit a full and accurate confession of our eins. For as the enemy knows that having oonfessed our sins and shown our wounds to the physician, we attain to an abundant cure, he in an especial manner opposes us.' What sad Papists these early saints were. Here we find them given to fasting as well as confession, said Fr. Gaughren. He might go on to say how the saints of all age* had observed the command to confess: But; said he, even Protest ants give their testimony. Further on his catechism required a penitent to declare that ha believes the forgiveness of the priest to be the forgiveness of God* The Church of England in its prayer book, on the visitation of the sick, directs the clergymen to invite the sick man to make a special confes sion of his sins, if he haa anything weighty on his mind, and then to absolve him, using for the purpose the very same words qb the priest of the Catholic Church. The preacher then gave the words used. ' Our Lord Jesus Christ who haa left power to hie Church to absolve all sinners who trnly repent and believe in him of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences. And by his authority committed to mo, I ab solve thee from all thy sins. In the muj.e of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Ainen.' Ho also quoted from Fuller's Church History, regarding the opinions of James I. and the Protestant Bishops of his time. We also find the practice of auricular confession growing in tho Church of Engl&nd; at the present time. Of course one body of Protestants is not bound by the faith of another, but we were told recently by Mr. Bryant that they were upon essentials ; if that be so, they must consider the doctrine of confession' as non-essential, and there fore they should not object to Catholics believing in it. The. Catholic Church is followed in this doctrine fey the Greek Church which separated from her 1,000 years ago, by the Nestorians and the Eutyhiane, who were also cut off from her in the early ages of her history. This is so only because the practice comes to us from Jesus Christ. The very rev. preacher said he noticed in the close of Mr. Bryant's address an eppeal to the bigotry of his hearers. It was sad to ees at. the end of the 19th eentury such an invocation of the spirit of persecution to put down the Catholic Church. Mr. Bryant's words were — ?? Through the confessional, the \- apal power, with its religious orders, rules, fcgenciesand persistency, was a for midable force in society, which adapted itself to every situation, aud subordina- ted everything in the one aim, of making an Italian ecclesiastic the world's diotator. It was making its p?es«nee known in the new countries, and needed to be watched with sleep iest vigilance, and to to held ia check by righteous restraints; to be fairly met in intelligent controversy ; lest it ?hoold grow upon the shoulders of those / owig States, and only be got rid of at last by a supreme effort, which wca for the individual, martyrdom, and for the-Stote revolution.' Father Gaoghren said if that were not an ap peal to bigotry and the preaching spirit he did not know what could be considered one, but Catholics need not fear it. There w.ere a great many of their Protestant neighbours, thank God entirely free from such a spirit, and if there were sonic who were under its in fluence Catholics need not fear persecu tion, 'fheproacher concluded hisoddreis by earnestly appealing to his hearers to be faithful to the teachings of the Church, to be faithful to the practice of confession, of which they had experi enced the benefits- extended to them by the mercy of Our Lord and Saviour. 