PTOrtV .'-FIB3:a'TI7BI/ISHED J SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES,. BY FAVOURITE AUTHORS. THE CAPTAIN'S SWEET- HEART, E. . ASHE KING, (2 BasIXiT) Author of A Love the Debt," "A Drawn: Game," pc" fee. [All Rights Reserved CHAPTER II. (Continued.) But by this Topsy had taken his sullen departure in despair of a word or even a look of or from Dick, who was closeted with Kath in her room. Topsy being gone, the "Captain" began to-feel hospitable yearnings after, Maitland; since one cannot well play lives without avail for one's self to rebound from. To be sure, he could, and did talk to himself £ but it was not as satisfactory, as what he called "a conversation with another. "Si pugua est, use. to. pulses, ego Rapide torture." Accordingly he began to have a longing for the return evened the snaps recia tive and unemployable Lieutenant. He went again and again to the gate at the end of the lawn,, not to look out fey him, since it. was pitchy dark, but to listen for the wheels of his car.. At last, however, he gave him up, and bid Dick give him up and go to bed ; since if he was coming that night, he would have been at " The Crow's Nest " two. hours ago. In this, certainty the " Captain."" turned in for the night, but Dick returned to Kath's round to cheer up as she could her sister, who was in far lower spirits than the state of affairs warranted, or, indeed, than she could account to Dick or to herself for. "Dick, stay with me to-night," she implored in extreme, and, for her extraordinary nervous agitation. "What happened? Tell me. You never tell me anything, Kath." There is nothing to tell, Dick; but I feel so . nervous- and miserable, I don't know why," " Because there isn't any reason why. If Topsy was much in love with me as Mr. Maitland is with you, I'd give him." To this Kath only replied by a profound sigh. " It's nothing when your used to it, my dear," Dick said, in a grandmotherly time. I've been in love ever since I can remember, so that I don't remember the first attack ; but I've no doubt it was as bad as yours. It's like measles ; you never catch it so badly the second time. Kath ! Kath ! Look ! Come here ! Look The Wrasker's Hold ! It's You fi- It's the Wreckers ghost!" she cried with a sudden catching of her breath. As she has hitherto always scoffed at the belief in this ghost, what had horrified her must have been sufficiently convinc- ing. She had been, while lecturing Kath, on love, standing at the window, drumming with the fingers of both hands upon the panes, when the sudden tiaro up of flames caught her eye. Looking towards them she saw them seemingly encircle a gigantic figure of a man, who waved his arms wildly above them, as though the fire had just burned the bonds which bound his bands. This horrified sight Kath was only just in time to see; as she had only time to reach the window before the flames went out suddenly as they had flared up, and black darkness closed over them like water. Poor Kath sank down half fainting upon the chair nearest the window, and looked up at Dick with more than mere superstitious horror in her wide eyes. Dick, though heart If unnerved, felt a kind of noblesse oblige call to assume her usual mannish roles It's some trick of those moonlighters," she said, but with a voice that sounded convinced or convincing. " Yes," Kath answered, family, without meaning or even knowing what she said; for she answered in a faltering voice, " He may have gone back for iK" " Who ? Who may have gone back for what ?" " Mr. Maitland. I forgot my sketch- book there and he wanted to go back for it but I wouldn't let him. He may have; gone after dinner," she said, speaking in breathless staccato sentences with an aged tation unintelligible to Dick. "Phew!" she whistled. It's just a sailor's lark ! I suppose you told him the story, and he thought he'd act it for a joke." This suggestion Kath thought too absurd to notice otherwise than by the shake of her head. And, indeed, on second thoughts, Dick herself perceived it to be untenable. Mr. Maitland would hardly go to town to provide himself with materials for such a tremendous blaze as that nor would he have carried the performance out to the realistic extent of standing in the midst of the flames. " But if you don't think it was his doing what do you think he had to do with it ?" she asked, excitedly. To this Kath made no reply for some moments and Dick, indeed, had to repeat the question before her sister answered in an almost inaudible voice " He laughed at the story, and said he'd like to spend the night there, do you think he has tried to do it ?" " But the story doesn't say that the ghost always appears like that on fire on top of the tower, when anyone spends the night in the Hold ?" "No; not that I have heard," Kath answered ; but it was plain that this consideration had not the very slightest effect in shaking her conviction that the ghostly apparition was connected with Harry's defiant intrusion into the Hold. "Did he say he'd spend the night there ?" asked Dick, after a pause. "No," Kath said absently, adding, after an effort to rouse herself, as it were, out of a horrible nightmare : " He said he wouldn't mind spending the night there, as he had a revolver with him." " Oh, he had had he Then, if he was there, and anything happened, we'd have heard it before tins." Kathleen only shook her head, and a silence of some minutes ensued, broken at last by the distant report of a revolver. " He is there !" cried Dick, in a whisper of horror. to Kath, don't be absurd. 'It's nothing but those moonlighters." However, neither this nor any other suggestion could tdispossessKath of the fixed idea that something terrible was happening to Harry at that moment in the Haunted Hold. She even suggested, when she was able to -collect her thoughts, that they should rouse up their father and induce him to accompany them to the Hold ! And she renounced the idea only when Dick reminded her that the state of the 'tide now nearly 'full, prevented the approach to the cliff. It was only with the greatest difficulty that Dick at last induced her to go to bed; but the argument that, if she didn't. go. Dick couldn't so, finally prevailed and Kath not only lay down, but pretended to sleep in order "that the faithful Dick at least should have a night's rest. Dick, however, had not much of a night's rest. Being as kind-hearted a woman as there was in the world, she was miserable about Kath, and also in her secret heart about Kath's lover. On think- ing everything over, she came to the conclusion that Harry Maitland really had gone to the field to fetch Kath's sketch- book that the tide prevented his getting away from it; that he took shelter in it \- for the night; and that his lodgings in it had occasioned the extraordinary appari- tion they had seen and the revolver shot fired in panic or self-defence, they had heard. Dick also recalled the story of that other sailor who had slept in the field out of bravado, and been found dead in the morning; and the remembrance of this and of the ghastly and ghostly vision she had gust seen herself converted her in the dread hours of darkness to a belief in the wrecker ghost's existence And his malevolence to sailors. indeed, before morning broke, Dick had become almost as persuaded as Kath- that it would bring them some terrible news of Harry Maitland. CHAPTER III. When morning at last broke Kath stole from her sleepless bed and proceeded to dress herself quickly and quietly. ''Kath" cried Dick starting up in bed. " I am sorry I asked you, Dick." "But where are you going?" " I was going to ask father to come with me to the Hold." a. He'll only laugh at you : I'll go with you," Dick said erroneously, being always eager to display her mannishness. " Oh, but, Dick, suppose something has happened." " I'd be as much ease as the 'Captain Anyway. I tell you what though ; Fil fetch Topsy." This was a happy if an ominous suggestion ; since Topsy's services as a doctor might be required. Dick would not have minded in the least going alone at this unearthly hour to call up Topsy; but Kath insisted upon accompanying her to his house. Arrive! before it. Dick insisted on rousing the doctor by flinging gravel up at the window of his bedroom and the doctor being used to night calls, sprang out of bed at the first rattle of the pebbles against the panes. Upon seeing the two young ladies in the street he beat a hasty and modest retreat from the ^ window to hurry into his clothes. a" " The old boy has shouted himself into an apopletic fit' he thought, not without iA grim sense of Nemesis Meanwhile the irrepressible Dick said, in an aggrieved tone to Kath, " It ought to have frills." But, indeed, Dick would be flippant upon her deathbed. pick undertook not only to tell the tale to Topsy, but to guarantee his implicit Acceptance of it from her lips; and the doctor justified her confidence in his docility. Indeed, he was too happy to be for once made of importance, and leaned upon by his adored Dick, to quarrel with the occasion. He did, however, venture to disbelieve in the wreckers ghost, and to suggest that the apparition was a moonlighters signal or trick - without being snubbed by Dick for his scepticism. Dick, having always considered belief in ghosts womanish, and even old womanish, was glad to find herself relapsing in daylight into a mania rationalism. "That just what I said last night to Kath she cried, triumphantly. Topsy, thus unexpectedly encouraged, ventured to suggest further, that in all probability Mr. Maitland was fast asleep at this moment in the Sarsfield Hotel. 'v ' This suggestion also was received so graciously by Dick that Topsy volunteered :' to call and ask at the hotel if the Kenton tar and was in his room. To this even Kath I could see no objection, though she was h convinced of the futility of the enquiry. \- It was, so to say, borne in upon her that Harry had gone back to the field, and was lying there at that moment dead or 'E J dying. She could not, however, object to >t ' The doctor making this reasonable enquiry at the sole cost of two or three minutes. 3 15 hardly took so much for the doctor to k 7 ascertain that the lieutenant had not. re- s' turned at all last night. Poor Kath, >??,? though she had thought herself fully pre ) i ' par@M 'or this ominous news, gripped a Dick's arm upon seeing it, and continued for some time to lie upon Sr sister, who is expressed her sympathy by chafing care " ' July the death cold hand upon her arm. As * They proceeded after a time in a dead silence, since even the doctor was n soon infected by their speechless gloom. \- When they gained the sea shore they _ found that the tide had just receded sufficiently to enable them to enter the Wreckers Cave; but they no sooner came within sight of its month than Kath uttered an exclamation of horror, and stopped dead, trembling in every limb. There, confronting them, framed by the blackness of its mouth, was, what seemed in the dim light, the dead face of Harry Maitland. It was white and drawn as in death, and even the doctor was relieved of the impression that it was dead, by seeing it move. In an another moment Harry clambered over the rock that had hid his body. and approached them. In- finite was the bathos of his first words. "I have recovered your sketch book, he said, holding it towards Kath with a sickly smile. " But what has brought you all here at this hour?" he asked with a better assumption at composure. " We feared something had happened to you," replied Dick, for Kath could not speak. To this he made no answer whatever. He shook Dick's hand first, and then took and held Kath's for a few seconds linger kingly. " Dr. Beresford,", said Dick, introduc- ing Topsy, as the only relief from the tension which occurred to her. Harry turned towards the doctor and shook his hand mechanically and it was not until they had walked back a few steps together that he said in a forced way and with a forced smile, " Did you expect a patient, doctor ?" "I feared you might have had an encounter with moonlighters, who are ugly customers," the doctor answered. " Moonlighters ? No ; I've had no such luck," rejoined Harry. " No such luck," he repeated, absently, with his eyes fixed upon Kath. Hereupon Dick seized Topsy's arm, as unceremoniously as she would have taken a stick out of an umbrella stand, and quickened his pace till they got well in advance of Kath and Harry. " It was a ghost and nothing else," she whispered, defiantly and yet nervously,, while he felt the hand upon his arm j tremble. " It was something he took for a ghost,! anyway," Topsy answered in a whisper j also. " Nonsense ! He's not a girl. He's a V.O.," rejoined Dick, impatiently. j " Is he though ?" whispered the doctor, in amazed admiration; and, indeed, he; would have turned round to have a good look at the V.O , if Dick had not given him a, peremptory pull back. Meanwhile. Harry walked on in silence by the silent Kath for some steps, with a troubled, yearning, despairing look in his eyes which were still fastened upon her. "I fear I have frightened you," he stammered, presently. '* Tes. May I-may I take your arm ?" poor Kath said tremulously, in her extremity, for she felt as if she were going to faint. "NYon are ill !" he cried in alarm. '" Let us sit down for a little." Heed her to a rock at the base of the cliff, and helped her seat herself upon it, and then sat down at her feet. He looked at her for a little time still in (silence, and with that strange, wistful, troubled despairing expression. "The desires of the moth for the star, Of the night for the morrow, The devotion to something afar From the sphere of our sorrow is' " I ought to have taken your advice," he said, at last, " but I really didn't mean to spend the night in that place from bravado. I went back for your sketch book, and it was some time before I could find it in the mask. When I did at last find it the tide had come in too far to allow me to return, and so I took refuge for the night in the Hold." Here he paused for some minutes, and then said only, I had a horrible adventure there that I cannot speak of and it has wrecked my whole life." Kath put out her hand and laid it lightly upon his shoulder for a second in impulsive sympathy, She was more than rewarded for the kindness, or rather loving-kindness, the action expressed, by the sudden and sunny smile which tran- silently transfigured his white face. Next moment, however, he looked out drearily upon the dreary sea. There was another silence that might be felt for some moments before he turned towards her to say with an effort. You know what I came down yesterday to say to you ?" Keith's crimson face was a sufficient answer. " I can never say it now," he added, with a sudden catching of the breath, which was nearly a sob. " I shall have to go alone through life." There was such unutterable desolation in his voice that Kath, putting her hand again upon his shoulder, and letting it rest there this time, said in that deliciously sweet voice of hers, and with her whole heart shining through her eyes, "You know what my answer would have been ?" He made the only answer possible to a man so much athirst for the love now at his lips. Taking the hand which rested on his shoulder her drew her head down till their lips met in a clinging kiss. " It is good-bye, he said and so, in truth, it was; for at this moment the strident voice of the " Captain " made them worse Party "#& guilty twigs apprised (250 be concluded on Friday.) 