A LOYE STORY, By MRS. ALEXANDER, Author of "The Wooing O'fe," "Forging the Fetters," "The Admiral's Ward," "A Crooked Path," "Her Dearest Foe," &o.;, &o.; [Published by speoial arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIV.—A Crisis.—f Continued. J Janet was greatly agitated; Falliser's look of horror had stamped itself upon her mind, her imagination. It was an unmistakable look of fear—and she knew he had fully the average amount of pluok possessed by English gentle men—fear and horror mingled, as one would feel in the presence of something supernatural. She sat down in her dressing-room with an odd shuddering sensation; she shrank from staying there alone, yet she would not call any one to stay with her, as she felt that Palliser would soon come, and there must be no witness to their meeting. She felt in Bome extraordi nary manner that this terrible woman must be his wife; the unfortunate creature whose charred remains had been buried some five or six years ago. It was absurd to believe that such a resurrection^ could take 'place, yet she knew it was true this was Palliser's first wife, and she herself could be no wife. But she did not think of herself save in brief flashes. What torture Randal was undergoing; what an awful ordeal of exposure lay before him ! All the old scandal to be raked over again with an enormous addition. " Ho w long she was'keeping him. How did that woman come there?' Janet was trembling all over. She could not keep still. She rose and paced the room, pausing every now and then to look at the clock on the mantelpiece—quarter of an hour, half an hour, an hour, _ and an hour and a quarter. She sat down in a corner of her sofa and hid h6r face in the pillow. "Would he never come? At last the handle of the door turned and Palliser entered. His ghastly face filled her heart with compassion. She had Btarted up at tho sound of his approaoh, and now went forward to him with outBtretohed hand. He took and pressed it convulsively, then with a oruel mooking smile— •'It seems, Janet," he said in a har§h voice, " that you and Iare to be the hero and heroine of a penny dreadful order of tragedy. That infernal woman—do you know who she is ?" "I think I do," Baid Janet, growing calm at the sight of his pale fury, "she was your wife." "Was?" he interrupted passionately. "Is my wife, and has come to destroy you; to take from you the position to which you are en titled, to bring you and me to shame." "No, Randal; Bhe cannot do that," said Janet, steadily. " How—oh, how is it Bhe is alive, Randal? How can we sufficiently thank God that we have no children 1" Palliser let go her hand and threw himself on the sofa she had just quitted. " 1 am the most unfortunate fellow that ever breathed." He piessed his hand on his brow. "Yes, that is the only saving point in the whole miserable tangle, and it will enable us to turn her flank.' He stopped; then looking up at her as she stood, white but com posed before him. "It is cruelty hard upon you. Another woman would be in hysterics. How fortunate it is that you are not as sensi tive as I am." "How does she come here?" repeated Janet, not heeding this comment. " That I do not know. She would not tell. I have been cautious. I recovered my senses as soon as the first shook of seeing the dead come back to stand before me was over, and felt that I must be cautious in dealing %yith this devil. Her object, of course, is to extort money; mine to disoover her history sinoe she was or seemed to be burnt in that hotel. It will be strange if _ I |do not find sufficient cause for divorce in it. Had I not seen her, had I not recogniaad her myself, I could never believe any testimony to her being ative. I myself went to see her oharred remains. The face was dreadfully burned, but the hands, the height, the general shape of the form, which had not lost its outline, was hers. We showed a number of phocographs to the manager of r the hotel and he picked out hers as the likeness of the Mrs. Palliser who had oome to the hotel the afternoon previous to the fire. There is some curious story behind all this. It was strange, too, that she was without a maid. Oh, heavens! to be dragged through the mire again ! He began to walk the room." "It is a cruel ordeal," said Janet. "But take courage, Randal, you have been guilty of no wrong-doing, only imprudence, youthful folly which has been bitterly punished; and it is more than probable that this terrible passage may lead to real freedom." "It shall," said Palliser, pausing in his troubled walk. "I did not tell her I was childless. I let her believe she had a firmer grip of me than she has. I asked her how she heard of the birth of my son; she laughed and said—'Don't you think I read the English papers, whether I am in Europe, Asia, or America ? And there I saw ufce birth of your son and heir at St. Oswald's, where you brought me as an adored bride, where you cruelly discarded me.' You see how the mis take occurred ?" " I do*-and now?" " She dwelt with fiendish malioe on the dis grace whioh would hang round the birth of loth my Bons. You sge though she knew I had Mervyn Bhe never was there and associated me more with St. Oswald's, where our break-up occurred. I did not undeceive her. I let her imagine that I meditated coming to terms with her. Bnt we parted with the olear understanding that all communications for the future must pass through the hands of my solicitor. I am going to him now, and to morrow I must Bpeak on the Southshire Branch Railway Bill. It will be difficult to track her course since she vanished, but money and per severance oan do muoh." Then, .Randal, I beseech you try to steady your nerveB and do justice to yourself. This is but a temporary trouble, bad as it is. There are long, quiet days at the other side in whioh you will have much honorable work to do, and for some weeks, at least, little or nothing will be known. You must cross the present storm and keep your hold on the confidence you are winning from the public." "I see, Janet, you have not liv6d with me for nothing. ,1 little thought once that you could ever speak in such a strain. Now I must go to Godfrey. He will think I hava lost my senses at first." "Stay, Randal," said his wife fluBhing up and then growing pale, while she hesitated an instant. "I am BOiry to obtrude myself upon you at such a time, but as in truth I am no longer your wife, what ought I to do?" " Ah, yes, to be sure. I forgot. I suppose you must stop here; we must be very guarded, for of course when things are settled, as I trust and believe they will be and we come together again, it will not dp to have continued in the Bame house; you had better telegraph to your father and go to him at once. It is due to ourselves to behave irreproachably in the eyes of the world, and you know, Janet, you can trust me ; ^whatever occurs my sense of honor will keep me unalterably your husband." "I have no doubt whatever of you, Randal. You are an honorable/' man." She paused, for she could not quite command her voice. Was this the end of the passionate love which had sought her bo eagerly ? She was to depend on his sense of honor. But this was no time to show resentment or displeasure. "I shall telegraph at once to my father, but, Randal, I should like to'hear the result of your inter view with Godfrey. When are you likely to return , "It will be a long one I suspect, but I shall certainly return before six. You can be ready to start and I will see you off." " Of course, I may tell my father everything. Indeed, Randal, it would be better to make no secret at all of the terrible return from the grave." "No. I suppose the sooner it is blazoned abroad the better, the sooner the nine days' wonder will be over. It will, I fear, be rather a long affair. Lest I should be detained I will write you a cheque, for you had better not lose the six train and you must not want any , "No, no, Randal," she interrupted, "I am not your wife and will not take your money. I have no debtB. I have some of my last quarter and the whole of this one. I have quantities of olothes and I shall want but little. Do not trouble about that." I shall communicate with your father on this subjeob. I shall telegraph if anything occurs to keep me me. Good-bye, dear." He kissed her brow and left her. For a few minutes Wery thing seemed a dull blank to Janet—an unreal dream. The first idea that ro3e up cleat out of the chaotic mist which seemed to enfold her was her husband's extra ordinary indifference towards her. That in such a crucial moment no ghost of his former affection revived showed that it must be dead indeed. She had evidently then no real home, no real husband to leave. She was going to take shelter with the only heart that was all her own. That was enough for the present. The iuture—that must shape itself. With a curious oomposure that seemed to her like an outer huak quite apart from the painful confusion which reigned within Janet rang for her maid and gave directions for the paoking of her clothes, as she was going to Captain Rowley'a: for a visit of some duration. "I shall tell you more when we are there," she added very gravely. "Thank you, ma'am," she said with an un moved countenance, and immediately set about her -Dackine. What a strange day it waB. The endless callers were sent from the door. Mrs. Palliser was not "at home" to anyone—fortunately she had no special day. Not even Lady DarrelL was admitted. Meantime Janet was desperately busy; she was rapidly putting up all her letters, papers, memoranda, the few photographs she valued, all the gifts made her by her husband up to the end of fche firab year of their married life, and other trifling presents from some of his rela tives. These packed she ordered her well filled jewel case to be placed in his dressing room. Time went at once slowly yet quiokly. She strove in vain to eat. A little after half-past 5 Palliser returned; there was but little time to spare. " I will tell you as we drive along," he said, and they entered the brougham which wall waiting. 'Raynes with the luggage had already gone on. "It will be a tremendous business," said PalliBer, as they drove rapidly to Waterloo station. "At first old Godfrey would not believe me. He insisted that it was a case of mistaken identity. I could hardly persuade him that I recognised her at once. However, 'he has already put detectives on her track. The difficulty will be to trace her from the time she left London, where she had resided for some time and disappeared at Southamp ton ; we are not sure that she is staying at the address she gave. That oan be ascertained at once." "It seems so extraordinary that after dis appearing for so long a time she should hunt you up." " It is all a matter of £ s. d.," returned Pal liser ; "is will cost a large sum, but none of it shall go into her pocket. I will keep you in formed of all that takes place; but I am more hopeful since I have seen Godfrey. I trust, my dear Janet, that you do not think I am to blame in any way. Believe me, I was as cer tain that woman was dead " "You need not assure me, Randal, I am quite convinced that you are blameless. A victim, nou a sinner," said his wife, kindly. " Had you not better have Mrs. Dunsford up from Mervyn to look after you and the house." "Perhaps so. I will think of it, and to-mor row I will write to your father. He will probably be the right channel of communica tion." A few more words brought them to the station, where they found Raynes and Palli ser's valet, who had taken the, tickets and seoured places. "Let me know how you get on," said Palli ser, stepping into the carriage after her, "and, Janet, I think it right to say I think you have behaved remarkably well." "Havel? There is no time to say more. Good-bye, Randal—good-bye." There was a quiver in her voice which touched him. " I trust all will come right sooner than we expeot. Good-bye, dear." Jle kissed hec kindly and descended to the platform, handing Raynes in with his accus tomed good breeding. The whistle sounded, he raised his hat, and another minute they had left the station behind. It was a clear, balmy, transparent night when Janet and her faithful attendant reached the busy railway-station of Kingsport, where they found Captain Rowley awaiting them. The moment Janet looked at the kind, rugged, old face she saw that her father was racked with anxiety. "Deareso dad," she whispered as she walked down the platform, holding his arm close to her side, "lam quite well, and though I have a curious, a wonderful story to tell you, it is nothing to be uneasy aboiit." " Your husband ?" said the captain, in a tone full of apprehension, "where is he?" " At present he is probably driving down to the house. He came with me to the station, and will write to you to-morrow." "Then you parted friends?" " .Excellent friends. Rest assured of that. And now, dear father, I shall not say another word on any serious Bubjeot till the broad day light." Janet's tone set the old man's heart at rest, and this being the case his spirits rose to con cert pitch at having his daughter with him bo soon again. Janet was greatly exhausted after the various violent emotions of the day, and as soon as she had tried to eat a litble supper and talked a little of the last parliamentary gossip she begged leave to retire to her room. Weary though she wa3 she lay long awake. It was a warm night and she left her window open. The soft silence was inexpressibly sweet after the ceaseless roar of London, and the murmuring ripple of waves seemed to woo Her lovingly to rest. She reviewed her position over and over again. It was a cruel one. For more than three years she had lived as the wife of a man whose real wife was living, and now she had no shadow of claim upon him nor he on her. In a few days all London would be telling various versions of the Palliser romance; the society papers would hint at the probability of extraordinary scandals cropping up in the course of she impending trial; the witB and " diners-out" would make ton mots upon the strange Jaffair; aud "the latest paroieulars" would be perpetually appearing in the South shire Courant and the Lanjford, Mercury. It was a distressing situation for a woman not yet twenty-five. She had even been presented to her sovereign under, false pretences. She ought to be bowed down with shame and humiliation. Yet somehow she did not feel like it. She was still Janet Rowley and disgrace did not touch her. She had oome baok to her dear father, and the sorrow and mortifioation, the degredation, the failure, the collapse of her married life seemed to have fallen from her. Why should she be afraid of social chatter? She had married Randal Palliser before God and man. She had lived openly and approved by all, and even if the results of the present extraordinary revolution prevented her return to him there was nothing in her life for whioh she need blush, nothing to cut her off from the companionship of the respectable; only if matters so turned out that she could not return to her place beside her husband her lot would be to dwell in the shadow of a great misfortune always—and none could foretell what the eventualities of the law would be.' How was Randal to find evidence against this dreadful woman? Poor Randal she was genuinely sorry for. He was indeed the sport of Tate. Proud and sensitive as he was, a more cruel blow could not have been dealt him. Then naturally the inditterence He nad shown for herself recurred to her. How steadily it had grown. With what agony she had striven against it, and refused to believe it—now, she had no doubt, nor had she for a considerable time past. At present she had in a degree become acoustomed to the loss of his love arid was growing used to the fading away of her own; she would almost rather have the racking pain of watohing, hoping, despairing baok again, than the coldness which Btilled her soul now. Oh, for the glorious days of light, and warmth, and color, when his footstep, the sound of his voice—a sudden encounter in the ground—could quicken herheart-beatsand Bend a delicious thrill through her veins. What a revelation it wa3 to talk to him—for Palliasr in certain directions was a capable and culti vated man. It was in their more serious con versations that she first perceived a change. He began to find it a trouble to be in earnest with her. Well it was all gone—all past by. No one would ever love her as PalliBer had done for a short time, nor could she believe that any other man would love more con stantly. That page of life therefore was irre vocably turned over for her. Her husband had finished with love. Ab far as she was con cerned even >the dry bones of the passion had been resolved into their elements, there was nothing to call baok to life. Still she was very, very sorry for hita and hoped he might suffer as little as possible. For herself the sky looked very grey, but a wide horizon lay before her. Life is inexhaustible. Her brain grew weary and the murmuring wavelets outside whispered softly of rest and freedom, till to their caressing music Bhe fell asleep. 