INSPIRED PS.ELTAMENTABY A tine piece o£ Parliamentary oratory is - , given in the last issue of HansabD. It is the speech of the Hon. John Davies in the Legislative Council, on his pet subject, purity o£ election. Wow, if any person ' should be able to nponk with authority on ' thio aubject it ?.o tho gentleman who so elo quently denounced the as 7? Electoral Act an a nvntom wlueh ' ononD the door of fraud moL'O thaa any other nyofcem which. has boon ia GrioteBee.' Ao an acknow« ledfjed Dpceialiofr, ao one who haa made what may foe called an intimate and esoteric study of the nubjecfc, the Hon. John id well worth listening to. ' We find it i-eported,' he oayc, ' that elestora' righto have been pur' ehaced and nold for a mera bagatelle. I can oaaily uadei'Dtand why that corrupt practice Iiaa been adopted. A man may know that ohero ni'Q aoul' ov five candidates ? ? going to toe poll ; Iiaknowa that the voting otreagth. io a eoutain numbQ' j he known also. what voterj ho will ji'eceivG and all he has to do ia to OQeura, directly ol1 indirectly , a coL'taia proportion of the votec which will be agaiaat him. He does not need to use these votes, however ; it will be (sufficient to onsui;Q tlint they will not be used against him. . . . 'Wq know that the system adopted to coeuro election where there is £300 dependent on the Ducceso of the candidate) would be tbe means of causing many people to do things- . which, porhapo they ought not £0 do but in electionop ao in war, people regard all thioga ao fair.' Here is hoard the voice of experience. Here is oeen the hand of the old electioneering otratogisfc. People will do thingo of thio kind, that is certain, as people certainly have done them in the past. As a political underground engineer in city elections long before he came to the surface, and the top of the poll in South. Sydney, o£ sweet political memories, tho Hon. John Daviea ohould, we repeat, be listened to with attentive defoi'enc© on the subject; o£ purity of election. Why Mr. D aviso protected go indignantly that he wao taken hj aui'prioe in the debate , is a[! DUEprios in itnelf, oeeiog that he is bo - ?? thoroughly master of the whole eubject. TheperrJOE moot takes by surpi'isQ, we ohould . . - think, was the gentleman in charge of the , Bill, whose scientific researchoo, as a ?. , medical man, could hardly qualify 'him as a, . ?*, specialist in olsctioaeGL'ing corruption.' He wao certainly out of ifcy ac wao shown by the, defeat of the Bill in committee. The pur= pose of the Bill was to enfrancise 14,000 ' ? voters who would otherwioebe disfranchised, but why that ohould provoke the rags and indignant oratory of the Hon. John Davioc io a mate foi? conjee^'. ??.'',. turo. ' Tho G-ovGsnmonV' ho said, 'have givoa way to the demagogue who mounts - the stump and clamouro fop ons man one vote,' and therefore; ' so an .observer. o£ ; mGn and thinga ' he thought it a first duty to ' guard sacredly the rights of property and the rights of the people.' :'The' whole system wao wi^ong, and concoquently he defied ' anyone to conduct aa election Dctisfactofil^ under it.' Finally in an elo« quent buFot of indignant righteousness he declared, ' I think the whole thing most diaereditabie, and I clem? my garments from any imputation.' Can anything be finer -in a pharioaical sense ? Oh, Devonshire grounds, whoi'6 are thy ghosts^- Tsrill 'thy -l graven evei1 again on polling day give up fcheii? multitudinous dead— now that the ; Hon. John refuses to soil hio skirts with ' ; elections which cannot be, to hims ' satisfac torily' conducted ? 