I GLEN WILLS AS IT IS NOW. I? (By Our Expert, Mr. Q-. L. Lines.) •No. I; !I Mount Wills, ns a likely locnllLy for mining enterprise, wns first brought into prominonco l,v Hio tin-stono discoveries of Messrs' Dcjnrlnis Bros, nud mates some five nnd n-linlf or six years ngo. At that time the place ivns (i veritable terra -incognita, and 'being wild and rugged almost beyond belief, only those of stoutest heart dared to face Its inclemen cies nnd hardships, Mon of tho right stamp were obtainable, however, nnd in a very short I space of time great explorations wore being | made into tho supposed wealthy tin deposits | iu Hie mountain's breast, Population steadily S iiioransod nnd a town began to take slinpc strong companies were' formed to work the tin lenses and upwards of £150,000 were spent in the search for tin,nnd,in tho erection of ma chinery to dress the ore. Energy and ability' were brought to bear upon tho work, of do i' velopmcnt, some of tho best tin men'ohtaiu : able lining at tho head of affairs j and not an ; effort wns spared to mnko tliq thing tho great ? success prophesied fur it nt tho outset, But after one of the gnmest bailies ngaipst for tune known to the annals of mining in Vic toria, tho Inst effort to' find payable tin was ■' made, and fnilod only a few wocks ago, when thts Mount Wills Proprietary Tin Mining virtually gnvo up tho ghost; bat oven in its last struggles*,' this gntnest of companies * made n dospernto effort to ltocp its grip of mother earth by prospecting a metalliferous, goldbenring formation on one of its lower leases. Unfortunately this also failed to' I bring a profit to tho plucky ownership, and now iho lenses nnd tho magnificent plant aro under tho care of ono man, whose lonely vigil is a painful contrast to the busy times of two years ngo. Mount Wills'as a tlnfield was virtually abandoned ovor 18 months ngo, the popula tion drifting to olher fields to such an extent that property wns almost obtainable for a song. Prior, lo this, however, a few gold-reefs had been found at tho southorn extremity of the eastern: flank of tho great mountain '; and a few of the'wiser men of ,lho locality reckoned it would bo good busi ness to lest tho northward trend of tho Btrike, not, as n mat ter of fact, expecting to make any great discovery! yet with the hope that springs eternal in tho human ' breast, they buttled on, until almost by cbnneo tho United Brothers gold roof was discovered by, I think, onu of tho brothers Ritchie. A new light suddenly burst upon the populace— there wns a possibility of auriferous1 strata cleaving its way through the granite and stanniferous intrusions I Such a thing wns not known to take place before, ’but * there was now every sign of its taking place whore geologists of groat renown iind do. dared ii to bo an impassibility.*' With a rcckhrssnoss only allowable in men of such stamp, they roundly declared the attempt to find permanent gold lodes in that belt to be ridiculous if not in-anc, and the Glen Wills public nio now nuxlously awaiting,tho return of ineso gi nlleiueii to explain themselves, and the posl'ioa they took 111). ’ .. Tneorotie goldmtning hns received a death- - wound from tho developments nt Mount Wills, nnd is now a drug in the market; j ■while the pick’s point and brawny ..arm are’ nt a premium. Certainly there aro geologi cal conditions on tho Eastern-Slopo .which would bnfllo and confuse .■Alio most ex- , perh noed of scientists, one instnneo alone being suflleiont to illustrato the peculiar con ditions mill or which the gold matrix occurs, and that is, the country rock which forms tho wosiorn wall of Slonu and Gulwnj’s lode. The vein they aro working is truo quartz, carrying a ldgli per centage of gold, the eastern wall of tho loilu being schist,whllo the woscrnwall is tin-stone.' The tiu-stouo in t is instance, however, is tho direct product of igneous action. Subsequent to iho poriod at w-ich the gold-stono wns formed, a. d it was, -\liile in the molten state, forced by 1 pressure from below into the wido crevice formed along the lino of the reef by earth quake disturbance, and is practically nu in trusion although taking its lino along the strike of tho gold-bearing stpno. To the westward of this Un-stone, there is schist again, the western wall of tho tin-strike ( having nt one lime been the western wall of the reef. An ocourronco of this description is well calculated to disturb existing theories A similar occurrence takes place on the Moran 11.re, but it is not so clearly, defined, yet sufficiently so to tho I rained student of geology to give a shock to hispreconccivid notions concerning ttie genesis of gold. Taking a sectional view |of tho mountain itself from n geological standpoint, the oc currence of gold and tin lodes almost side by siilo, nnd crossing each other, will be more clearly brought to light, Tho mountain, in common with tho rest of the earth’s surface, was in ages long past only part of a vast comparatively lint area, composed most prub ibiy of granite rook—tho betl rook of the world. Water, strongly impregnated with (mrlielcs of disintegrated rook matter deposited its burdon in ft layer over a wide, but not necessarily deep depression, thus forming tho first leaf of slate, This was n thin layer of mud, baked by tho boat given off by the granitic mass. This o, oration was repealed ngo after age, what i a h came a protracted flow of wniei lii-.ivily charged wiih silicio ncid (which, win p crystallised, is aj.jun; orqunrlx), and gphl in ilipforinola tun,,rule. Tho burden ivio precipitated nnd formed the first luninatiou of what is now i he United Bros, reef, for lustnnco. Repeti tion built up layer after layer, until the thickness of tho deposits reached tho present dimensions of the formation. Subsequent flows left their layers of mud, similar lo those produced prior to tho roof formation, and this building up of the stratified rocks ^yeut, pn foj agps. The globe being a hot (iphcrc,- wilh'a constantly cooling shell, shrinkage begun to make ils influence felt, and a wrinkling of Ihe shell took place—the beginning of a mountain chain. Furthoi contraction taking place, a terriflo convulsion of uuturo followed, and the granite mass thrust its way up through the tcdimentaiy locks overlying it, upending them as wo And thorn to-day, wit!, their broken serrated edges, which wo call tho' oorab, brought to light., Tho upheaval which gave tho strati-* fled roclsB thoir more or loss vertical position, nsn mattor of course, gnvo tho reef tho sarao Inclination, which wo call tho underlie If tho apex of Mount Wills had protruded In an oxact vortical direction, tho undcrlio of tho roofs on tho Easton, Slopo would have been to tho east, while those yet to bo discovered on tho Weston, Slopo would undcrlio to tho west. But at tho timo of tho upheaval a strong motion in nn easterly direction was tnlcon by tho granite protrusion, and thus tho schists were forced to a plumb position, and past it, tho consequenco being tl,o westerly uudorllc of tho reefs as wo soo thorn In my next I will deal further with tho geological aspect of tho holt, and ns clearly ns possible explain tho ocourronco of tho tin blows, and tho relationship between tho oxtremo ends of tho bolt-from Big River on tho south, to Anderson’s discovery, six miles north of the United Bros, mine. In future isducs I will take the mines in clusters, and treat them In detail. 