THEATRE ROYAL. "CAPTAIN FRITZ." "The gentle rain from heaven," however grateful it may be to the parching earth, can scarcely be expected to gladden the hearts of those engaged in theatrical management, and tbe neavy downpour wuich occurred on Wednesday necessarily had a depressing effect upon the attendance at the Theatre Royal when the musical comedy "Captain Fritz" was presented ior the first time in Ade laide. Although numerically weak, tho audience was by no means unappreciative, and the reception ancorded Mr. Arnold* latest venture was decidedly cordiaL Written by Mr. Henry Hamilton, the adapter of "Moths" and the author of "Harvest" and other well-known plays, "Captain I'ntz" is a comedy founded on .the late General Hamlny's novel, "Lady Leigh's Widowhood." The story is perhaps a little impossible, and occasionally approaches mild melodrama, bat it is enlivened by brightly written comedy scenes, which are taken full advantage of by Mr. Arnold in the role of Captain Fritz. Briefly the fctory of the comedy is loundnd on tbe malevo lent tactics adopted by one Colonel Vereker to remove a youngster who otinds between hitn telf and the family estates, and the frustration of bis wicked schemes by the boy's guardian angel in the person of a gallant and kindly hearted German officer. Tbe action of the play opens at Vereker Chase, now in ihe podsedsiob of the widowtxj L«dy Vereker and her son. Sir Geoffrey Vereker, a boy of tender years. On the out skirts ot the estates Lady Verekor has en couraged the settlement of a band of gipsies whom she deems a valuable addition to the " picturesque" nature of her property, and one of these, Simeon Lake, the putative eon of a fotrorar steward, causes no end of mischief. Wishing to gain possession of some important papers which he believes are concealed in tbe bouse, Lake hangs about the park, and insulting Lady Vereker, is promptly knocked down by Captain Fritz Yon Holntein, who opportunely arrives on the soene. Thiretnng for revenge, he suggests to Colonel Vereker a plan for getting rid of tbe youthful baronet to their uiutuul benefit. To this scheme tbe scoundrelly colonel gives his assent, and the boy is at> ducted in buoh a manner that circumstantial evidence makes it appear that he has been drowned in tbe Dlack pool in the wood. This everyone believes but Captain Fritz, whi\ disgnieed as an Ittraelitish "Fence," boldly ventures into tbe gipsy encampment, and after an encounter between its occupants aod a conveniently arranged file of soldiers, succeeds in carrying off the child. The ooinndy ends of coome with the discomfiture of Colonel Vereker and an odor of orange blossoms, all tbe virtuous characters of tbe play pairing off in the good old-fashioned way. As Captain Fritz Mr. Charles Arnold presents a handsome appearance in tbe uniform of a German naval i.moer, and mamrjfn to invest the character wttu that romantic individuality which forms the principal charm of his "Hans tbe Boat man." The two characters of course are widely different, but Fritz is one of those generous lovable natures which Mr. Arnold knows so well bow to portray. Toe tongs introduced during the action of tbeplay bid fair to become as popular as those of " Hans," " Ths woolly bear" and "My pipe and I" both being very taking, while a pretty little cong, "Fairy bubbles,*' is particularly fetching. Fritz is sitting alone m the haunted room of Venker bouse, wheat a tmy ulgntgowned "ghost" steals across tbe floor in the person of Sir GooSmy. The tittle fellow oannot slaep and so Fritz takes bin on his knee, and while tbe youngster faiows his iridescent bubbles the kindly German auga his pretty song. The song of "Private Tommy Atkins" is one ot those rollicking marnal strains which set the feet going, and is certain to ••catch on." Miss Dot Frederics as Sybil Errington, a young lady who afterwards pro miaes to be Mat Yon Holetein, acted with each vivacity and naivete as to gain her tbe entire approval of the audience, and her comedy soenes with Fritz were particularly good. Lar^v Verekur found a charming representative in Mire Agnes Koighta, and Friacilla Gedge. a forbidding old houtemaid, waa ably portrayed by Mr*. Walter HilL Miss Blmncbe 'Carlyle made the dm of a small part as Dinah Wurzle, and little Jessie Moad acted naturally and intelligently as Sir Geoffrey Vereker. Mr. F. W. Leonard as Simeon Lake, the K>P*7> WM weo *" Rnater advantage than during the early part of the season, a remark which also applies to Mr. Percy Itrough's impersonation of Corporal Soyer. Mr. K. W. Thomas waa responsible for a humorous sketch of an amorous old country squire, and Mr. A. K. Mattheara did b> best as Dr. Earle. As the wicked colonel Mr. Uany Hill was not a suooan. In appearance more like a Hebrew turf agenli Irwn an "officer and aKvatlemaa," be was about toe> mildest mannered vuiain eiar known outside a London Journal, which is aayins a good deal- The other members of the company did well in minor parts, and as tbe iinsnon clones to-night and " n.pty n Fritz' will be again nrusantod a crowded boose may be expected. 