The Future of the English Church. Sermon by I>r. Grettn. THE Rev. A. V. Green, M.A., L.L.D., the newly appointed Bishop of G ruf ton and Armidale, preached at St. Andrew's Cathe- dral on Sunday to a crowded congregation. The sermon was short, and vigorous, and practical. Dr. Green's delivery, though somewhat rapid, is remarkably clear and pleasing, and the See of Grafton and Armi- dale has the honor of having at its head one of the foremost pulpit orators in Australia. Bishop Green based his dtaioui-be on the reply of Chi ist lo Nicodemim:-"'The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou nearest the bound theiuof, hut canst not. tell whence it cometh or whither it goeth. So is every- one that is born of the Spirit." It was scarcely remarkable, he said, that the Lord, should typify the work of His Holy Spirit by the wind. In many languages the expres- sion by which men denoted the Spirit' of God was akin to the word breath or wind." After touching on the widespread connection between the two ideas the " Spirit and the wind," and illustrating their meaning in each case, he showed how the mysterious origin and course of the winds, their whence, their whither, their infinite diversity of force and of current were very naturally taken by the Lord as a symbol of the variety of operation which characterished the Spirit's work. Continuing, Dr. Green said :- ,i VARIETY OF METHODS. Its variety of operation. How many of us realise this ? I am not at all sure but that there is a truth to-day in that view of the Spirit's work which apparently led the old liebrew writer to speak of a clever work- man because he was a clever workman, as a man " filled with the Spirit of God." Even when We have made allowance for ii man's inherited qualities and his physical powei«, and the size of his brain and so on, it still remains true that to be in the best sense a skilful mechanic, or a clever doctor, or lawyer, or u great writer or speaker, or a ruler of men, the man must have something in him of the inspiration ol' God's Holy Spirit. But putting that aside, still I say how few of us realise even in religious mat- ters the magnificence of the breadth of the variety wherewith the Holy Spirit works. Sometimes people say, as if it were quite a difficulty to those who hold our religious position, "Just look what wonderful 're- sults are brought about in religious bodies outside what you call the historic Catholic Church, and by means how widely dif- fering from your own." Of course it is so, and we ought to be very ' thankful it is so, and bless and praise God that the arm of His power and the invigoration' of His Spirit aro felt even where * we may fail to recognise a duly accredited com- mission. A man who thinks that the Spirit of God works only in one communion, or by one set of methods, has yet his ABO to learn in the school of . the Almighty God. Whence came that marvellous in- fluence which attended the preaching of Wesley and Whitfield four generations ago, when I quote the words of an agnostic his- torian there was aroused in great musses of men an enthusiasm of piety which was hardly surpassed in the first days of Chris- tianity?" Whence comes to day the self devotion which nerves the so-styled " Offi- cers of the Salvation Army 'to fling themselves upon the homes and haunts of vice, and to endure the coarsest jeers and ridicule, if by chance they may pluck but one brandfromthe burning-whenceisthisbut the the Spirit of God ? The methods are not our methods, the means are not our means. For us the Spirit of God is discerned, not in the earthquake, or in the tempest, or in tho fire, but in the still small voice of a more refined religious system, and in methods of oper- ation less erratic, more sober, staid, and cer- tain. But we cannot, wo dare not limit the working of the Spirit-whether it be a con- version breaking down the hardened soul as in one moment, or the steady quiet growth of a godly life time. The impetuousity of a Peter, or a thoughtful intuition of a John, the rugged earnestness of a street preacher «or the cultured accents ot the scholar-how shall we deny to any of these the Spirit of God? Again I say we dare not. THE rUTÜBE OP THE ENGLISH OHUBCH. We can see the effects of the wind, and so can we the presence'of the Holy Spirit, It is not all mystery. How can we say that the Divine Spirit is with men in whose midst, morally speaking, is neither life not* vigor, nor freshness, nor purity, nor power? How on the other hand, can we fall to take heart and go on where those I nings are present ? and that is why I, for one, am full of confidence for the future of the English Church. Have wo not, in those days, some right lo say that God is with us : that he has poured fouith His spirit upon that ancient Church which for 13 centuries has been for I he vasttn ajority of Englishmen the expression of their religious consciousness. When the history of the nineteenth century comos to be written, few things will be more remarkable in it than the new life which from east to west, and from north to south, has been poured out upon the English Church. Fairer in her worship, mora earnest in her devotion, more eager for her missions, more.self-denying in her labors for the sick and the poor, fighting with daily augmented zeal against the work of drunk ne..i, or social s líishne-Sj of lax morality. How can we fail to recognise in this the pre- sence with us, us a church, of the Holy Spirit. I say as a church ; and on Whit Sunday it is right and proper to speak of the Church and her life. A MVSTEllIOUS STRENGTHENING POWER Concluding, Bishop Green said "Life is too varied to make it possible for us to do more than say that the work of the Spirit in the individual life is seen in an evalted nature and consecrated human capacity. There are momenta which come to us sometimes, all unexpected, when it seems that we can dono more, hrave no more, or suffer no more. And then their steals upon us a mysterious strengthening power, and we do and suffer as we never could have dared to hope ; our powers seem to have been lifted to a loftier plane. As our day, so our strength is And whence comes this ? From Him who is rightly named the Comforter, the Strengthened The Strengthener to bear hardships, the Strengthener to plan and execute bold deeds, the Strengthener to do one's duty-the exal- tation of human capacities, Not long ago a mutiny broke out in a g rent Canadiun con victestablishnient. Overpowering the guatds, the mutineers obtained possesion of the in- terior of the prison. The warder they had captured, and holding him bound before them they moved on, armed with pistols, to force the outer prison gates. On the wall were nine gmmls, witli rifles ; yet, should thuy fire, the warder's life was in deadly peril. Then cried the warder, ' Never mind me, men, fire away and do your duty.' The guards hesitated. The warder repeated his command, and the firing begun. Sixteen convicts fell in deadly struggle; the rest threw down their arms and surrendered ; hut the gallant warden fell, pierced with many bullets, and he gave his life to do his duty. Now I say this, that the resolution, the in- spiration in the sudden crisis, the power to do such ii deed us that, comes straight from the Holy Ghost-the Comforter. When a man can deliberately perform as splendid an net of self sacrifice rather than forego his duty, his powers, whother he knowß it or whether he does not, aro quickened by the influence of the Divine Spirit of God. Thank God he has nob taken His Holy Spirit from us. Depend upon it, the unseen hut abiding influence of the first Whitsuntide works more wonders in this world of ours than we sometimes give it credit for. Perhaps we cannot all do heroic deeds, nor make great sacrifices, hut wo can all so live that the Spirit of God may consecrate our daily lives, so that we may bo a noble example, not only to the Church, but the world around us." Daily Tclcgrapli. 