Original Sketch. THE GHOST OF ILLAROO. A STORY OF '65. By John Jameson. I decided to go down to see my old school- fellow, Harry Spooner, who lived on his station (Jerriwangle) situated under the shadow of a range of mountains of that name, and which embraced the lovely vale that re- joiced in the euphonious aboriginal cognomen of Illaroo. Visitors from Sydney were frequent and added much to the pleasure of the sylvan enjoyment of the rural life of the neighbour- hood. One couple, a lady and a gentleman, who had been down on a visit had added to the festivities during their stay, but their de- parture had also cast a great gloom over the district, and the home at Jerriwangle espe- cially, a few months before the date of my visit. They left the station on horseback together and crossed the country towards the river to catch the steamer at a spot to which the Sydney Steamship Company sent a tender over every week for cargo and passengers. The horses belonged to the station, and were to be left at a neighboring farmer's place and to be taken back the next day by one of the hands who was staying there. The gentleman duly reached Sydney, but not so the lady ; and the horses were duly returned home. But what had become of the lady ? The gentleman, it was believed, on arrival at the city, had immediately taken his passage for South America, and was not again heard of. Several weeks passed by and no letter, as had been promised, was received by the people at Jerriwangle. This led to a letter being sent to her address in the city, which was in due course returned, marked ' address unknown.' Nothing more was heard, except rumors, which led up to the conclusion that the lady had not even gone to Sydney with the gentleman in question ; but what had become of her no one knew. The most searching enquiry was made for her and for him, with the result above stated, that he left the colony for the distant shores of America. Three days after my arrival at Jerriwangle, as we sat around the large, open fireplace in which blazed a roaring fire, ordinary and extraordinary stories were being told, and among others, that of a ghost having been seen more than once at the farther side of Illaroo, near a large natural lake or lagoon in an open plain. ' Why, it might be the lady's ghost of whom you have told me,' said I to Spooner. At first he poopoohed the idea, but after a while he yielded so far to my conjectures as to consent to accompany me on a midnight excursion, we two alone, to the vicinity of this small lake where the ghost had been seen. He said that on no account would he go on a ghost hunting expedition ; but if I chose to go with him to discover the whereabouts of some horses, which had got among the wild ones in the vicinity of Illaroo I could do so, and take my chance of ghost seeing. But as he gave out that he was going to look for the horses, not a soul on the station had the slightest notion that any thing more was in our mind. Well, we started about eight o'clock at night, and after two hours of slow riding came within a short distance of the lake or large lagoon. The plain, in the middle of which it stood, was fringed by a thin forest, and on the other side of it from us was a deep grassy gully. It was here Spooner expected the horses would come out for grass, and make for the water in the lagoon towards midnight, when he would have a chance of seeing the whole herd and of distinguishing the three stray, cream-colored horses that were believed to be amongst them. We drew up under the shade of a clump of trees and awaited in silence, he expecting to see the herd of horses, and I hoping the ghost might appear. Soon the horses showed up, but did not come further than the brow of the hill, for a good while. When we had been waiting about an hour they came on slowly a short distance ; and there, sure enough, was one of the lost horses, leading the mob. My friend was on the tiptoe of expectation and was anxious for the others to come and then to go and cut them out from the rest. At that moment they took alarm and wheeling round were soon away into the valley again. ' Look, there it is, Spooner ; do you see it moving ?' I said. ' What moving ?' replied he. ' Why, that figure on horseback, coming on to the north end of the lagoon, and it's riding a white horse, too.' ' Why, it's a stockman out late, you fool. That's what scared the horses. I wish him to Jericho,' answered my friend, in no good humor. Then he was silent, and so was I for some minutes. The figure on horseback came on and on, nearer to the water, and only stopped when right on the edge of it. ' Why, the crazy fellow will go right into it. He's mad or lost.' Then looking at it eagerly for some two or three minutes, he acclaimed : ' Jamieson, it's a woman ; it's not a man. Look, there's her hat and riding habit. What is she doing there ? Hang it all, I'll go to her and she what she wants. Come with me——' He did not finish the sentence ; for just then the object rode slowly round the water as if coming towards us, then passed and pointed her whip at the lagoon. ' Is it the ghost, Spooner ?' I whispered to him. ' Ah, wait a bit, old fellow, and see if she calls for help,' he answered, in a voice that betrayed alarm. So we sat motionless on our horses, and with no very courageous feelings, I assure you, for we were not certain what the figure was nor what it meant to do. ' It's a maniac going to drown herself ; I am sure it is,' at length whispered Spooner. We were at least a hundred yards off the ob- ject, and why we spoke in whispers I hardly know, unless it was fear ; but then, fear of what ?——Whether human or ghostly we could not tell at that distance, so I purposed so go nearer and ascertain, but not a foot would my companion stir, until the strange thing began to ride towards us. He then aimed his horse to ride away, but I took hold of his rein and prevented him doing so, and told him to face it out. I saw that Spooner's countenance was livid and great beads of perspiration broke out over his face as I forcibly held his horse. When I looked around again the strange visitor had turned from us, and was going back to the water. Nor did it again stop, but rode on to the other end. ' Don' let her her drown herself. Let's go and stop her at once,' I ejaculated ; and we were about to ride over to her, when she aimed her horse and rode on, on, quite round the lagoon, as if uncertain where to enter it. It then paused for a little and rode away a short distance, stopping now and then to look at us. These undecided movements con- tinued for a time, and she then turned abruptly and rode back to the water, to again pull up at the end of it, where she stood at first. Reining in her horse she faced the lagoon, tod to our horror, rode straight into the vater, as we imagined, and we gave rein and started to prevent the suicidal act or rescue her if possible. ' That's no mortal,' said Spooner, turning his horse to ride away in alarm. ' Courage, man, let's see it out. It surely has some message if it would only speak,' I said. We told no one of our adventure with the strange midnight wanderer, but talked the matter over between ourselves. In three days after this, again I suggested our visiting the spot, and taking with us two stockmen, with the avowed intention of cap- turing, if possible, the horses which were re- ported as having been seen at Illaroo. Only Spooner and I knew our secret. We rode on to the same locality and took up a position at a different spot, and stood waiting for the wild horses to come down for water. We had been waiting there fully an hour without seeing anything, when again this nocturnal visitor appeared, horsed and attired as before, It was agreed that Spooner and I should say nothing, even if the apparition appeared, but allow the stockmen to make the discovery for themselves. So though I saw it as soon as it came, I said nothing. The men both saw it at the same moment, and at first thought it was a woman, lost and wandering about, and one of them gave a loud coo-ee, and then another. But as no answer was sent back, he expressed great surprise, and said that some one was trying to hoax them. We, of course, affected sur- prise, too. On the figure came, slowly, toward the lagoon. Nor did it stop for an instant, but rode a few paces into the water, forcing from the men the ejaculation ' No ; 'tis no woman ! it's the Ghost they have been talking about at the station,' re- plied another man. Mr. Spooner and I then said that we had seen it before, and thus allayed the fears of the two men. Now here were four persons who saw the apparition, so we felt sure that no illusion had taken place ; and two of us had seen it twice in the same place. We turned our horses homewards, and in the excitement caused by the ghost on horseback, forgot all about the lost horses we had gone to seek. With such testimony who could resist be- ief in the existence of this ghost ? Not the people of Illaroo, and certainly not those of Jerriwangle. And so the legend fastened itself to the district, and is even yet revived in long, dark nights, although the prose history of the local police station shows that the apparition was a living person, being the wife of a selector, whose mind had got un- linged and who eventually was saved from a watery grave by a common- sense policeman. 