BRITISH AWP FOREIBM. , j A London magUtsate stated that % mistress was justified in sending aw»j a domeili: who was snfferingfrom ringworm. The. Tlnegrowen ot Belgium -purpose establishing markets In London for the cheap sale ot grapes. - The Oharlecote estate, 6trat(ord*on*Avon, on which Shakespeare is said to have gone desr'stealing, is in tbe market. Premises in Bishops gate-street, announced for sale, ocoapy tbe site of 11 Fisher's Folly,' where Queen Elisabeth was entertained and presented with the first pair ot gloves ever brought to this oountry. A dog entered the Birmingham Hospital having one of its front paws crashed. A medical attendant dressed the Injured foot, the oog snowing us grautnde by licking its benefactor's hands. A ghost created considerable alarm in a village churchyard la the West ot England. The apparition, clad in ghostly array, was in the habit of swooping down npon wayfarers with the request, 'Show me my gravel*' He made the request once too often. He was captured, and turned out to be a human being, who has since been laid np with Inflnenta. A steel steamer, the Berlin, has been launched at Hull tor the Great Eastern Railway's continental service between Harwich and the Hook of Holland* It is a companion steamer to the Ohelasford, already on the same route. A Judge has ruled that a husband, going to live away from his wife nt his mother's house, is rightly charged with desertion. A Oroydon geitleman, who sued a firm of solldotrs to recover oertain letters or damages, was awarded one farthing. As the defendant had paid £2 into Oonrt, the Judge ordered the repayment to him of £1 19s UJd. A goods express train was wreoked near Leicester through a huge roll ot paper fall* ing nnder the wheels. Mr Monson has eommenoed notions in the Queen's Bench to restrain the Tussandi from exhibiting his effigy. It raises the question whether a person's face is oopyright. A Paddlngton confectioner was fined tor uslog bad eggs In the manufacture of sponge cakes The sou ot Mr OonkUng, a New York millionaire, is supposed to have been kid* napped while returning to echool, and a reward of £1000 has been offered for his recovery. Five generations are living in the village ot Skellington, near Grantham, the great* great grandfather being in his 07th year. The wife of a laborer at Great Baddow haa twins for the third time, the second occasion being only a year ago, Altogether ihe has 19 children. Lord Lovelace, who recently died, when a lad knew a gentleman who bad dined with one of the sentinels who was present at the execution of Oharles I. over 210 yean ago. The sentinel died at the age ot 110. 