CHAPTER VII.—Raising a Ghost. It is tho month of roaea. Glorious aunny June. The gardens round Aboyne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, ia filled with awcet fragranoo, for Lady Ger trude worahipa beauty in all ita forma, and roses are her eapeoial pasaion. Curious old china bowls from almost every known pottery-manufacture both in and out of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and corners and are filled everywhere with Jhe queen of flowers. But in the library ia tbe greatest profusion. It ia Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and it was Sir Louis’, perhaps for tho reason that it ia the sunniest in the house, and from it, French windows open on to a terrace, beyond which lies the lawn and a panorama of fer tile scenery stretching far away for miles. The library ia aoarcely, however, tho staid, boakwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With new heirship have come new ways and, Sir Clement professing him self to be absolutely indifferent as to what changes nro made, Lady Gertrude has filled the room with her woman’s knick-knacks, al most to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes whioh still hold their own on tho book shelves. It is in the library that Lady Ger trude reoeivea her intimates for five o’olock tea, tho drawingroom being reserved for gala days, of whioh as yet there had been none. Sir Clement ia averse to any large gather iug, giving as an oxouse, the ploa that it is too soon as yet after his uncle’s death for them to invito their friends, e'xoept quite quietly. In this no one can gainsay him, yet it is scarcely Clement Dunravon’s real motive for objecting to society. The fact is he is a changed man since his marriage, is perpetu *“7 stsrting at Bhadows, and tne intercourse wuh his fellows, in wfiioh he ueed to delight, now frightens him. Ho skulks abont the grounds for tho inoBt part alone, and ia the very shadow of the onoe genial Clement, in spite of his accession to ■wealth and title and the faot of his being the possessor of tho most charming little wife in all the country-side. Everyone notices the change, even Lady Gertrude, so book ward, as a rule, to think ia an8tt amiss with hor Clement. They are standing together at tho library window, looking out over those broad acres which are all bis now. Her band is on his shoulder, her pretty eyes are looking up into ■ Jaisfaoe. '‘ What ails you, Clem darling, I feel sure that you have Bomo worry. Why not confide in your own Gerty ? Yon will never have a toner or more sympathetic friend than your “ There it nothing tho matter, Gerty. 1 have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it is to aBk. these foolish ques tions.” Sho shook her head and protended not to See the irritability of manner by which these Words were accompanied. ‘‘You are deceiving me, yon naughty darling. If nothing is worrying you, why -not you ohoory and laughing, as you used “ I suppose beoause I have responsibilities aow whioh I had not then. One cannot always he a boy, my child. A good deal de pends on ne now whioh I had not to think of a few months ago. Yon forget that I am a Staid Benediok.” She tumed'from him with a pout. “ Tbatis just it; you are sorry you married and you never cease regretting it.” What conld he say ? How answer 861 this unexpected outburst. Was it not the truth ? His answer somewhat astonished her, it Seemed to come so really from his heart. “ Gorty, never, never say that again. Un- ' less you wish to make me too horribly un happy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you.” And yet, did he not regret it more and more, eaah hour he lived ? Ay, regretted it the more intensely because he wag learn ing to love, after a fashion, this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. She was not the passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor could he ever feel that ardent longing for any other woman; still, he loved sweet Gertrude. And by the strange anomalous orooked ness of his nature it was Lisbeth not Ger trude whom he had of late begun to regard as the intruder. If tho truth ever oame out, he would lose Gertrude—there lay his fear. He could trust Lisbeth, ay, to the death; then why need he quake ? Yet it would be better if she were dead—she and her child, whose existence was such a reproach and re morso to him. Ckmld he be a really happy man until they were both laid in their graves. Eaoh day he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must bear his burden as lightly as he could, and make life as happy as possible for tho dear oonfiding little wife who had trusted him so completely that she had asked no questions about his past. It was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover that she fanoied he regretted his marriage. Ho did not regret it; was not Lady Ger trude the woman in the right place, far more fitted to be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth ? He could be perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear and remorse, those twin demonesses, would not obtrude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if Gertrude’s voioe were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseless reminders, life would become utterly unbearable. Henoe the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her suspicions. She knew at onoe that she had wounded him, and tears of Borrow and repentance came I into the eyes that gazed into his. | “ My Clem, my beloved,” she said, "for give me. It waB mere foolishness that made ; me speak so. You have spoilt me until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. For give me—you will?” Her arms were about his neok and his head drawn down to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kiss on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler an nounced— “ Mr Pierce Vaughan.” Always, as usual, on the wrong spot at the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile which usually irradiated his sinister counte nance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be oaught spooning by Pierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement’s cup of bitters, whilo Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of "superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the conviction that ho was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have guessed. He did not appear to hayo noticed anything unusual on his entrance, and held out his hand to tho present owners of Aboyno Court with muoh apparent cordiality. “ Wo have not seen you for some time, Pierce," said Sir Clement a' little drearily. “ Where are you staying ?” “ At Lady Mnroia Foljambe’s. She is the only individual about hero who ever invites mo now Sir LouiB is dead. “ What a roproaoh," oried Lady Gertrude, " unmerited, too, for wo have been away so much, and are soaroely settled here even now. Of course, you know you are as weloomo now as yon were in Sir Louis’ time. Are you not Cloment's cousin ?” She looked round at her husband expecting him to endorse this almost gushing woloome, but she was disappointed by the very cool manner in whioli he said : " Very glad to see you, Pierce.” He would not have said it at all if he had not been absolutely compelled, and no one know this better than Pierce, although he smiled and showed his white teeth and to all outward appearance accepted^ in all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. For a few minutes they all three talked cordially enough on topicB of interest in con nection with their neighbors. Then, Lady Gertrude having rung for tea, Sir Clement roBe when it came in and said, not being a tea-drinker he would leavo Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to give his bailiff some orders before the men left oil W Had Sir Clement Dunravon boon a man who thought seriously beforo he noted, he would probably not have been weighted by tho heavy load of trouble whioh now op pressed him, and very certainly it was not the least foolish thing he ever did when he left Pierce Vaughan alone with Lady Gertrude ; not that Piorce had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors beforo marriage. Ho was far too oareful a man to commit himself by a flirtation with another man’s wife, but there are other ways of ruining conjugal peace besides love-making. He had had a long walk and was rather tired, he remarked, and the lady having nothing to do but amuse and be amuEed, they settled themselveB down for a good ohat about everything and every What- Pieroe Vaughan said, he would pro bably never have said if the opportunity had not been, as it were, made for him, He cer tainly had had no intention of doing more than what ho called 11 look up hi8 relations” when he started for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement Dunraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away ; Lady Gertrude gavo him a seoond by an unwary question. _ ‘‘Do you not think Clement is very changed, and looks as if he had some terrible worry!” sho asked as she handed him his second cup of tea. “I have seen very little of him since his marriage,” replied Mr Vaughan, ‘‘ but 1 cannot help recognising the fact that ho is changed.” “ He says it io the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him.” ' “ Oh ! I should not have given Clement credit for having soruples.” “ VVhat do you mean ? All conscientious people must have soruples at times.” . “ And you consider Clement to bo very conscientious—conscience is not, as a rule, a highly-developed masculine quality.” “ Oh, Mr Vaughan! How can you talk so?” He laughed cynically. ‘‘ Believe me, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and 1 don’t fancy Clem is any better than the rest of us. At any rate, he never used to be. What reformations you have brought about, of oourso, I am no judge of, _ but for the present I am not inclined to believe in them.” Lady Gertrude looked very serions, and fora moment or two did hot speak; then she “ I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that he asked me to bo his wife, that he was not a man I oughc to trust. •^Hid^that if I did so, it was at my own ‘ ‘ Clement told you this ?" And Pierce Vaughan seemed exceedingly surprised, and momentarily startled out of his. sang froid he unoonsoiously drew his ohair a few paces nearer his hostess. “ He did. • But why does it astonish you so muoh P” “I did not think—well, to tell the truth, I did not think he would have dared.” “ Not dare to toll me. Ton forget ho was asking me to be his wife." “ There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. X, for instance, should never have made any reference to Clement’s past if he had not done so him self.” “ You know, then—know that there is something worrying Clement, and about which he will not bo explioit P’ ’ ‘‘ I can imagine that it may be so.” “ And you will tell mo what it is, so that I may use all the means in my power to ro inovo this annoyance ?" “ You ?” “Do not say you in that tone, Mr Vaughan. Is it so very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy ?*' “ Impossible. It is quite impossible for you to do anything in this matter. Besides, unleBS Clement tells you the whole truth himself I will certainly not do so. I oould not betray confidence.” “I will ask him the first time I have an opportunity,” sho said natively, as though Bho fully expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pierce Vaughan smiled and wondered what sort of an explanation her inquiries would call forth. Very certainly he himself could not have given a full one sinoo he knew no more of Clement’s affairs than that to which some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not only wise, but imperative that ho should deal in innuendoes. “ There waB a letter onoe,” went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself, “ I would not read it; it came tho day boforp our marriage." “A letter!” And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notioo, however. She was too muoh engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. “ Yes, it was signed by a woman ; I forget the name and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well-wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt them both. You see I could not in honor accept any anonymous communication. Pancy setting such a low, cowardly warning in the dark against Clement's truth.” “ And he explained the matter ?” “Of course. He said all men had had their youthful escapades; that he was no better or worse than others. Just what you say yourself, Mr Vaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely. I am sure I am not ourious, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and worried I should not ask a single question about his past. I do wish yon would help me to put everything quite right for him.” “ I would do a great deal for you, Lady Gertrude, but in this matter I do not see how I can help you. You are evidently not aware that Clement, although ho is my first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why, I oannot say, since we have been more or lees brought up together, unless from the fact that I know more about his affairs than quite pleases him.” “ I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him,” oried Lady Gertrudo, warmly. Pierce Vaughan shrugged his shoulders. “ There is, perhapd, another reason,” he said, “ why Clement does not especially affeot me. You know tho old lines, Forgiveness to the injured does belong But those ne’er pardon who have done the wrong.” “And how does that apply to Clementf" “ If Clem had not undermined my position with my uncle, I should not be the pauper I am to-day.” “ Oh, Mr Vaughan, how unjust, Clement is incapable of doing such a thing. I have heard him several times express his regret that you had not a larger sum of money left you, and that he should like to make it up.” “ Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money to me when he married you in order to get this place and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage; if he had refused he would have been disinherited.” Lady Gertrude became orimson, then deadly pale, so muoh so that Pierce got frightened and thought he had gone too far and hastily began oating his words. “I don’t say he did not care for you,;\dear Lady Gertrude ; what man oould do other “ Enough, Mr Vaughan,” oried Lady Ger trude, drawing herself up with dignity, “ we have already talked too muoh about Clement and his affairs." This wound to her self-pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. Ho forthwith aooepted tho dismissal of tho subjeot. He knew as well as she did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of ; only one thing more ho must do, he must take care of himself. He rose to take his leave; as she gave him her hand, ho bent over it— “I will never say-another word about those matters,” he said, “unless you begin the conversation, and I do hops you will make me one promise.” “ What is it ?” “Never to toll Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike mo. I spoke in confidence which I already regret, since I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injury he may have done me, and I do so wish that wo may all be good friends—You will promise P” “I promise, Mr Vaughan. I would not make any misohief between you and Clement for all the world." He kissed the little hand he still held, and without furthor observation went away to stroll baok aoross the fields to Lady Maroia Foljambe’s. For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrude sat very still and looked as white and soared as if she had soen a ghost. And so, indeed, she had, a ghost that would stalk by her side, nor leave her during the rest of her pilgrimage. Can there be a drearier or more oheorless companion of our way than suspioion of one we love. One, too, that stioketh close, for neither by night nor day does tho treaoherous fear ever desert us. When Pierce Vaughan introduced this ever-stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude’s, until now, happy confiding life, was he not committing amoral murder that should be subjeot as an actual one to- the utmost rigor [ of the law ? Nor was he any the happier for his base innuendoes, to judge from hiB face and look as he sauntered slowly aoross the fields. : He had sown the seed of dissension that) might bring Clement Dunravcn’s ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanic triumph ho ex pected. It was rather a nauseous fooling of dread lest he himself should be oaught in his own net, that pursued him and made him al most regret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Lady Gortrude. Then he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was lie not playing for a large Btake ? Sir Louis Dunravon’a will was a strange | one. No one knew its power and value better ! than Pierce Vaughan, rioh as he was in a lawyer-like acumen. The oontents of the will had been, by Clement’s desire, kept oouccalcd from Lady Gertrude, or she would have known what Bhe had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and its concomitant fortune if he had not married the only danghter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriage had taken place and the disposal of the aid baronet’s fortune had been arranged—Sir Miles Berkeley being executor —with the family lawyer; what need was there for Pieroa Vaughan to meddle ? Ho had merely loit him £5,000 as a legaoy, whioh Pierce regarded as a mere pittance, and made no farther mention of his Like many another olevor man, Sir Louis had considerably overshot his mark in this will. All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his exeoutor ; he did not seem to reoogniso that, as oiraumstances alter cases, the posi tions of tho two cousins would chaugo, and I that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must be the outcome of this testamen tary doonmont. There was yot another clause in the will, more perplexing and calculated to produoe greater difficulties than that of tho enforced marriage; it was to the effect that, should Clement Dnnraven at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude, by any fault1 of his own, the estates were to pass away from him to his son and heir if lie had one, if not, to Pierce Vaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Dunraven, with all his shrewd ness, had soarcelyjtaken then tho measuro of his pet nephew, his sister's sou, or ho would scarcely have 16ft such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and cuuning as was Pierce Vaughan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Dunraven’s aot ho was by nature not nearly so wioked a man as his cousin. Clement’s vices were tne result of weakness, ho could not rosist temptation, whereas the othor had a splendid facility for conducting intrigue and, given a sufficient timo fur development, would probably not stop at crime. Up to the prosent moment, however, Clement had outwitted his clearor-hcaded cousin, for he was far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyue Court. About half a mile from the house tho two men passed each other, only a hedgo between them, hut neither wished to speak. Pierce felt keenly alive to the misohiof he had done his cousin during the last half hour, and Clement never oared to look Vaughan in the faoe. He was always afraid of how muoh he / knew and to a certain oxtent gave him credit for guarding a silence, which ho most assuredly would not havo maintained for ten minutes. Whether he felt assure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and somewhat red about her pretty eyes, is doubtful. But he could not learn the cause of her depression. She would not give her now suspicion words ; it was as yet too young to he altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watch. Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would not bo prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Vaughan’s testi mony, for, womanlike, though when absent Bhe had almost believed him false, no sooner did Bhe look into hiB faoe than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he waB true. Still from that hour henceforth their re lations must be somewhat strained, and how ever muoh tendemeBS for eaoh other might at times bubble up into their hearts, yet the ghost' wonld never be laid. On the table in the library, near where Lady Gertrude sat, some letters had been placed by the footman, when he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the hand writing of Lisbeth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thought that this letter might have oceasioned his wife's trouble, that she had recognised Beta’s writing. He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to him thus openly, but having read the missive, his brow cleared, and he tossed it to Lady Gertrude ! i {TO BE CONTINUED.) 