A Questionable Decision. One of the most dastardly crimes which too frequeutly disgrace the decency of the people of this, in common with other colonies, is that by which the innocence of youth is mado tho victim of tho uuholy and unnatural lust of old age. It is a crime which Sir William Windeyer, one of the Supromo Court Justices of New South Wales, some years ago stigmatised as tliOBin of a man who, haunted by the ghost of a former passion, sought to -defile the purity of female childhood with lewd libidinous- ness that the brute beasts of the fields did not dosuend to. It is a crime that sullies soul and body; that robs child hood of its sweetness, and ruthlessly forceB upon it the evil, and the sin, and the shamo that are too cruel enemies to the sex oven when riper years give the sense of wrong doing, and tho inherent love of purity affords some protection. It is a crime that the hands of all men should bo against, for it is one of moral murder that makes childhood hideous, and turns the parents' pride into horror and remorse. - The accusation of such a Bin has re cently been made against, and still hangs over, a man living in this com munity. He has been arrested for tho offenoo, tried before some of the local magistracy, and discharged. With their docision the Argus disugreos. In tho interests of the community, on bo- half of tho purity of the childhood of tho community, it coutendB that do cision cannot be acceptod as final ; that I'ustice demands the facts shall bo placed leforo tho Attorney- General as tho Grand Jury of the couutry, and his opinion taken as to whether or not tho accused shall be put upon his trial before a jury of his peers, Enr tho evidence given at the Police Court hearing is of a nature that raises too seriouB a doubt as to tho guilt or inno cence of the accused to be Bummarily determined by tho honorary magistracy. It is evidence that requires the trainod legal mind to dotermino its value before tho verdict of acquittal can bo ac ceptod aB a satisfactory one. , It is impossible iu a public journal to do more than hint at . tlio fnctB of this terribly painful case. But the story told by the child is one of such a repulsive character as to compel absolutn disbelief of its boing tho creation of the imagination of u girl not eight years of ago- No time was lost by Iter in making tho committal of tho offence known, and no direct attempt was miulo to dis credit her story to ; tho Court. , A marked feature of hor ovidenco, too, was that it showed ivlmt must lie hold to bo a natural discrepancy in tho details as told to tho Court to thoso given in tho first narration. This' absence of a parrot-like repetition strengthens, rnthor than weakens, its credibility to such an oxt.ont that it is impossible to rofuso admission to a doubt loo grave to lie put hastily aside. The law boforo the Bonch 1o guide thom iu thoir docision is very cloar. The suction of tho Amonding Act of 1802, dealing with tho offence of unlawfully or car nally knowing, or ullotn pting to kuow, nny girl under tho ngc of twolvo yours, snyH " No person shall bo convicted of an offonco under this soction upon tho evidence of one witnoss only, unless such evidoace is corroborated in some material particulars by ovidenco impli cating tho accused." Can it bo held that tho evidence ot the principal wit ness for tho Crown, aftor tho girl hov- solf, was not sufficiently corroborativo to establish u' prima facin case that should havo mado tho magistrates hesi tate before declining to commit? that such evidence made it almost impera tive for them to docline taking upon themselves, the responsibilities of a jury ? . # # # On bohalf of tho accused it was shown to the Court that from tho first intimation of tho chnrgo being given him ho indignantly denied it ; that ho oxpressed a desire for the girl to bo medically examined ; that his wifo deposed to tho impossibility of his having had time to commit tho offonco ivhilo ho was absent from hor sight on the evening it is alleged he committed it, and that unreasonable delay was made in informing ovon the fathor of tho girl of what she assorted had taken placo. In addition to this ono of the lines of cross-examination tnkon by tho solici tor for tho accused was that there was ill fooling between him and tho girl's father; that the girl only told her story whon spoken crossly to by theporson to whom sho told it, his anger having no stronger cause than the child's undue absence from tho houso upon some littlo task she had been sont to perform. Ifor such a defence to have weight, it must carry either one oF two convic tions : That the quarrel between tho girl's fathor and the accused was of so bitter a nature that the former had tutored his daughter to ontrap hin onemy into tho Iosb of his character ana liberty ; the other that a mere baby between soven and oight years of age conld, undor tho influence of childish fear, invent on the bpur of the tnomont a' story so hideous as to be a disgrace to a mind pruriently diseased and filth- debased to such an bxtonfc as to make it positively inhuman. The case is ono that cannot bo allowed to remain at its present unsatisfactory stage. There are too raauy reasons why the decision of tho Bench cannot bo nccopted as final. As tlio investigation now stands neither the guilt nor the innoconco of tho accused has been sufficiently estab lished ; a vory grnvo suspicion of fnlso evidence rests upon two of tlio witnesses for tho prosecution, and tho whole circumstances demand that further action be taken. The de cision of the Bench is altogether too unsatisfactory to bo acceptod without domur, and tlio Argus insists upon that decision being oither affirmed or set aside by the Attornoy-General of tho colony after a perusal by him of the depositions, or that tho case bo re opened by the local authorities. This journol is determined that either tho one or tho other shall be done before the matter is allowed to rest. 