Religious Services, ST. MARY'S STAR OF THE SEA. A vory largo congrcntion assembled at tho Bnrnio Komnn Catholic Church on .Sunday morning to witness the ooromony- . olMue Mcroraorit of coufirmntlou performed by the lugoi iiuv. ur, Uolnney, co-ailjutor-UIahop of Tasmania, and to hear tho nddress deliv ered by this distinguished nnd lonrnod prolate, Aftor tho celebration of Muss by tho Uov. M, O'Oallnghiin tho snornraont of confirmation wns ndmlulstoroil in an impres sive manner to 11 candidates (10 of whom woro young Indict, nnd four buys.) His Lord ship afterwards delivered nn interesting address to tha candidates, fn the courso of which ho dourly, explained tlio slguiflcancb nnd necessity of, tho sacrament of confirma tion. Ho also referred to tho importance of tho stop which they had just talcou, and fully explained the rites and »acrnmenta of tho church. Ho Impressed iipon them not to bo iiEratd to show to tho world that they be lieved in their faith, nnd at the samu time to exorcise enro not to obtrude' it unneces sarily upon others who belonged to a difforout creed, His Lordship. quoted from the old and new testaments to demonstrate tho necessity for the observance ut' tho scriptural illustration of receiving the spirit of the Holy Ghost nnd that '? unless n man bo born again ho cannot enter the Kingdom of Heaven,' which teaching they had followed in the ceremony thnt day gone through,' With tho- regeneration, so to speak, thoy bad pnrticlpnted in, they would bo strengthened to resist tho temptations of the world, nnd supported in tho efforts nil should nmko to lend honuBt, virtuous, and Christian liven, and aecuro their placo in God's homo in heaven. At tho conclusion of the - scrvlco tho following address wns presented .to His Lordship, on behalf of tlio Catholic congro gatiun of Emu Bay, being lead by Mr, Hugh Lynch. Tho nddress wiis in gold lettering on parchment, tho work being very well executed by Miss Veenta Lynch i— ' To tho Bight Rev. Dr. Dolnney, Bishop of Lnrandu and Coadjutor Bishop of Hobnrt. ' My Lord, ' On behalf of tho Catholic congregation of Emu Bny, wo most respectfully beg to offer Your Lordship our sincoro nnd hum tv wcleomo on this, tho first oplscopal visit of Your lLordship to our distrlot. Wo truly rejoice thnt in Your Lordshlp'H selection by tho Holy Sco for nn Assistant-Bishop to our beloved nnd over venorated Archbishop a prelate hns bcon given to our Arch-diocese whoso talents nnd culture givo us tho assur ance that tho interests of our Holy Chureh nnd tho welfare of religion will bo advanced by Your Lordship's guidance nnd Instruc tions, Somo oE us remember with pleasure Your Lordship's former visit to Emu Hay, when collecting funds for the College of All Hallows; mid since thon wo hnvo tho happi ness of having our new church erected, whoro tho ministrations of our holy roligion enn bo fittingly cnrricil out, Wo pray Almighty God to bless Your Lordship's rule and labors in the Arch-dioceso, and thnt your days may be long and fruitful in the cause of Qod nnd His Holy Church, '(Signed) HtroH Lynch ' Denis Nohmoyi/E 'John Mobbib v 'Alovsius Jovoe 'Thomas Famiell 'John Bybnb ' edwd. j. trace!1 'Andrew Mohuis 'John Mylan.' His Lordship sincerely thanked Mr, Lynch nnd tho other gentleman with him, for their welcome. Ho congratunlntcd tho Itov. M, O'Cnllnghau nnd tho members of tho congre gation on tho possession of their commodious nnd handsome church. Ho also briclly referred to tho plcturucquo situation of tho town and to tho prospects of tho district, ex pressing tho hope thnt with tbo development of tbo rich mineral and agricultural resources tho district would enter upon another season of prosperity in which all would share. In tho evening thero was agnin a largo congregation to hear His Lordship, who delivered a vory able and Interesting extem poraneous discourse, which was based on the remarks of a gentleman who was not n Roman Catholic, but who had somo years ago listened to a lecturo by Dr. Llllianthnl, the great Jewish Rabbi, from Cincinnati, United States. Tho lenrncd Rnbbi, in the courso of his remarks, made tho following statement :— ' Christianity draws mnnkind together and unites them under ono bond of fellowship;. but theology soparatos them by a great gulf, through which havo flowed rivers of blood and was impassable.' While the Rev, Doctor agreed that history would bear out this statement in the general ac ceptation of the term theology ; yet, he was not willing to admit thnt in reflected on tho Komnn Catholic Church, which, with a mem bership in the world of 270,000,000 scattered in every nation, is thoroughly united and tho faith of its members in their religion 1b bom of a supernatural power. The child- like faith of every member of tho church wns the magnet which bad drawn them together and bad enabled them to livo through trials and persecautions during the past 1800 years. Th-s prelate then illustrated this by giving an account of a journey in Spain in company with two Roman Catholics and one Protes tant gentleman. Thu conversation turned upon religion, and he was asked, ' what 1b faith .'' His reply was that it could not bo described but was born In every true be liever of the Roman Catholio Church. The discourse was listened to with marked attention by the congregation, many of whom were members of other denomina tions. Dr. Delancy socially is most interesting in conversation. He does not confine himself altogether to matters pertaining to the Church but takes an intereit in the mineral and agricultural development of the colony. We certainly feel that the Roman Catholics in Tasmania are to be congratulated in having such an able prelate to assist the venerable Archbishop, 