A VISITOR AT WILL A TUSCAN LEGEND. BY GERTRUDE I'lCRCIVAU ?»» ? ? ? ? .1 cannot vouch tor the truth of the narrative I am about to relate. It was told to me l-y an old lady in whose company I travelled a few years since :hrongh some of the lovliest parts of 1 uscany. Neither can I hope to produce the lame effect upon my readers as she did Dn her listeners, a p.rty of tourists by diligence. Dear, pious soul ! her belief in the supernatural was as firm as it was in the Bible. It is two years since the mortal re mains of I.a Signora B ? were con signed to the grave, but I can still re member as vividly as though I had ;een her but yesterday — her expressive ? mobile features, her sjj-eet, clear tfoice, and the forcible yet elegant manner of expressing ht.rself in her native Italian which rendered her such a delightful Companion. * * * * . ' What a steep hill 1' exclaimed one of two pretty English girls — evidently sisters — 'and I do believe there is a . house on the top of it.' 'It must be a convent of some : kind,' observed the other sister ; ' very ' few people would like to live in such a place. The ascent is so steep that it is almost Inaccessible, and it would be I impossible to maintain one's footing up It on a stormy day.' ' It is fine to- day,' said the first speaker ; ' and the diligence will halt immediately for an hour and a hull. I should very much like to go up to the top.' 'None of. the elder people seemed to .feel inclined to follow theexunple this enterprising young lady was anxious to ?set us, however, so she was forced to give up the idea of her projected ex cursion. We had now reached the inn which served as . a half-way house where tra vellers could obtain , rest and such food : as is available in an out-of-the-way ? Italian village. 'The signori (gentry) must needs be hungry alter being shut up in the . diligence so long ' ..And the sympathising waiter placed before us a dish piled up with large, fatmutton chops and another contain ing a plentiful supply of fried eggs, two thin rolls of bread, each being nearly a . yard long, and somegoat's-milk butter, . which presented in appearance a strong family likeness to lard, completed the repast. ' Can you give us a steak? This v. chop is so tough I can hardly get my knife through it,' asked the father of ] v, the two girls who had been so anxious p^p-lo ..aecend-the hill. . -i, 'Si, signore; but I am afraid that . . .the steak will not be so tender as the ????..shops.' 'Hie Englishman, who had eaten a hurried breakfast five or six hours pre viously, was forced to content himself with the eggs, which were both fresh and inviting. The bread was sour and the butter simply uneatable. ' What nasty coffee 1 It has been boiled, I declare,'' he continued, set ting down his cup. ' Have you any tea ?'' turning to the waiter. 'Si, signore and Giacomo left the room, returning almost immediately with a tray, on which was placed a tea pot, two quart jugs, one filled with . luke-warm water and the other with' milk, a cup, full of dry tea, and a bowl of sugar. ' This kind of thing is starvation,' exclaimed . the hungry man. ' Can you not make some nice hot tea for as?' ?: 'There, there! what a fuss about nothing !' was the answer, spoken' in a soothing tone. ' Here are all the things '—enumerating the contents of the tray — ' why cannot the signore make it as he likes — ' nella manieva Inglese ?' '—(after the English fash ion). ' Catch me ever being teased by you two girls into leaving England again.' His daughters were, however, endea voring to lincl something more palat able for him and did not hear his ? speech. I-Iis grumbling was soon ? - stopped by means of a thick, substan ? rial-looking omelette and a pot of hot , i tea,. which, alter much .tutoring from . ifhe yonnq ladies, the landlord placed ?before him. ' : We were all tired of being cramped . .up for so. long in the diligence, so as) soon as we had appeased our hunger, Mwe 'Indies amused ourselves by; wander-' II inpr through the uninhabited , ro mis of -' ,whatf had once been a. baronial man -:sion.- ?:? ?« , ' ?; '. What a delightful old place 1' ex ' claimed bot|i the English 'jjirls. ' I . wish . that we could spend the night here.!' v ? 'And catch your deaths of cold,' laughed my dear Italian friend. ' 'De- : pendon it these beds are never slept in. v ond! am very certain that, my hostess ./does. hot. throw away money on buying .. charcoal to air them \yith. It is m quaint old place,' she continued, as we ? came on a curious old mosa:c over one of the mantelpieces representing an es-, . cutchcon. ' My youth was passedi in, this, part .. .'?ofith'e country, ' went^ on/the. old lady. ' There is a strange tradition regarding this place.' We alrinsisted on hearing her story, which ' s|ie related, as well as I can \- remember, in ialmost the following words: 'This house belonged in former ..year; to;tbc Villavovi family — the one we passed on the top of a high hill to .. .that of Castelmare. 'These tribes were always at vari ance; The heads of both the Villavovi and the Castelmari were minorbarons, asithat tattered drapery serves to show us.' She pointed to a red-tiled dais.raised by steps above the rest of the floor. Above this hung a ragged red cloth canopy, to the back of which was sus ) ? ! t m ; )?,..-! nicth-eacn coh of the same color, having the family arms in yellow cloth sewn on. 'Those rags,' continued theSignora S ? , 'show that the reigning Baron of Villavovi possessed sovereign rights over his small territory, and adminis tered justice in this large dilapidated apartment. ' It was in the time of Baron Fran cesco, second of that name, that young l'ietro dei Castelmare swooped down the hill and, aided by a band of twenty followers, possessed himself of a flock of sheep. The alarm was immediately given, the sheep recovered, and l'ietro taken prisoner. ' Baron Francesco was a choleric man. 1-Ie swore that Don l'ietro's corpse should be sent to his father next day minus the head. Meanwhile he ordered the young man to be loaded with irons and secured in one of the vaults, which are still in existence below this house. ' It was fortunate for l'ietro that the wife of Villavovi, a daughter of the powerful family of Aldobandini, was both a humane and a sensible woman. She pleaded long and ineffectually for the ? prisoner's life. Vainly did she plead his youth, the danger of incur ring the enmity of so near a neighbor as Castelmare, and the still greater peril that would ensue from another quarter, the Medicis, whose devoted adherents the Castelmari were, the stain that such a cruel murder would cast on his own reputation. 'The baron simply clapped his hands, in answer to which one of the servitors appeared. ' ' If you value your own life see that that young rascal is hend-less to morrow ' ' Si, illustrissimo ' (yes most illus trious lord), and the man bowed low and retired. 'The heart of the baroness sank within her. This murder — for as such she considered her young neighbor's projected death — would be the ruin of her husb.ind, herself, and their whole lainily. What was to be done to aveit this disaster ? ' Sue sat thinking for a few mo ments and then rose with a more peaceful expression on her face. ' Taking a key from off a large bunch which was hanging from the wall, she ?'out upstairs and entered an oak p.i'iciled room, wly;re a young girl was seal i.'d busily at work at an embroidery frame. '? So intent was Ellena Villavovi on putting the right colors into St. Agnes's ear, that she did not observe it»T mother, who stood watching her awhile. : ' '? A pamter would have tr.inseferred the s'-i ne to his canvas. .'That panelled, gothic looking room; formed the most appropriate ibtckJ ? iLrimnd possible for the light, graci-t.nl figure of the almost child' whose muuT was at mat uiwiucni annual eiuireiy absorbed by the tapestry before her. I-Ier long, silky -hair, which was care lessly gathered into a gold net, pre sented a vivid contrast to the dazzling p'irity of her sicin ; and the classic deli: cieynf feature, combined with the still ness ot her attitude might have almost ciu-ated a careless observer into fancy; irii- that he saw before him some rare picture. / ?? 1'nese charms were . still further enhanced by her severely plain dress of coarse black serge, cut square, at tlie throat. , ' ' Is that you, madre, mia?' said the girl, becoming . aware . of her mo ther's presence, raised a . pair of. .'the most lovely, liquid grey eyes imagin able. ,? ''Don't stir, carusima' (dearest), said the baroness, 'but listen atten tively to what I say.' ' She went on to tell , her daughter briefly about the young Castelman and that she herself might be missed by her husband if she were to vneture down stairs. So, Ellena, mi,a, I must entrust the key of the dungeon— which your father bade me guard as I would my life — to you. Take Pietro round by the secret passage I showed you hot long since, to the foot, and which, as you know, opens out near the furze bushes at the bottom of the hill. There leave him and come back as quickas possible.' 'There are no oak panels , upstairs now,' observed one of the girls. ' 'Th'ey were 'all carried away years ago,' replied the signora. ' The secret passage can.be seen, but it is not safe 'on account of , tlie decaying ma sonry.' . ' Go on with the story, pray,' called out oncof/the party. ' Don l'ietro regained his home safe and sound, and not without booty. He was a very, handsome young fel low, arid he arid Ellena fell over. ;l ead arid ears in love with each other at first glance. ' '' The first meeting hetween these two young people was, therefore, not the last, .' V Pjetro, mio,' said Ellena one day when they met at the outlet to the secret passage, which was their usual ? trysting 'place, ' all. must be over De-. tween us.' '' What d-? you mean, Ellena? Are you. fickle enough to be tired of me al , | ready,'?' ? ''.I . shall never tire of you, Pietro,'; i and the girl's eyes filled with tears. ' My 'father ihas some suspicions — how they come I 'know not— that we meet. I shall have to marry my hunch-back copsin, Marco Aldobrandini, very shortly, and — Pietro— if we are discov ered they will kill you. Fly, therefore, lly P ' ' Never !' her lover sul|enly com menced; but he was interrupted by the sound of voices and the gleam of weapons. '.Pietro dei. Castemare was young and fleet of foot He at once showed a clean pair of heels and made for his father's tower. 'His pursuers were, unfortunately for him, also light-footed, ' He defended himself gallantly on his upward journey, but, nevertheless, he received many sword cuts and the followers of Baron Villavovi left him faint from loss of, blood at his father's gate. ' The poor youne man died during the course of that night. His spirit is said to haunt the tower, and still roams at will throughout the comparatively modern house by which it has been ro placed. ' Nothing is known of Ellena beyond the fact that she married her hunchback cousin. ' Baron Villavovi died suddenly about a year after the events we have alluded to above ; and, as neither his title nor his land could be inherited by by a female, his barony became ex tinct * * * * ' It is now about eighty years since the last Baron Castelmare returned to his house on the hill. ' He was a decrepid old man, yet this was his first visit to his ancestral home. ' He was accompanied by his wife, a young creature who looked more like his granddaughter. ' The baroness was a beautiful Span iard of humble origen. Her husband had seen her selling flowers in the streets, had been taken captive by her charms, and had asked and obtained her hand from her parents, who were highly gratified by the donation he gave them. ' Inez was as good as she was pretty. She had been reared in more mercantile notions of marriage than are her British contemporaries, and, therefore, thought herself amply recompensed for her bar tered youtii and beauty by the comfort and luxury with which her husband surrounded her. ' As evil fortune would have it, the baron, who was falling into his second childhood, was jealous of every man who as much as looked at his wife. 'There were stories among the vil lagers that a tall, handsome young man, with melancholy black eyes and silky auburn hair, was seen going in and out of the Casa Castelmare. Those who had seen him declared he was the 'host of Dm l'ietro dei Castelmare. H« was . certainly, sufficiently like the portraits of that unfortunate. youtlv to have sat for them. l'ne baron i bought otherwise. He was so convinced ihat the baroness had an intrmue with the unknown .visitor that he- became furiously jpalmis and never allowed her. to- li-ave the prescinds of :the demesne. His out bursts of passion made her life unen durahlc. ? ? .. ' . ; ' Poor girl I Her release'was close at hiind. ' .'One day the baron, who, had ; just returned from . the village found ;iiis wife Chvinij in the salotte, or little drawing room. . ? ' S ? ' ' In tears again, Sisa. What is the matter, you ungrateful little wretch ?' lie commenced. ' A sudden chill which seized him caused him to look towards the win dow. A tall, handsome young man was standing with his back to it. His penetrating eyes met those of the baron, who could not account for the feeling of intense cold that seemed to pervade his whole frame. '? ' Oh, I am so cold, I must get a shawl,' cried Inez. Don't stir!' was the stern reply of her husband, his teeth chattering the wliile, although they were, in the month of June. 'He is gone !' in a hushed tone, seeing the man was no longer in the room. ''?Where' is your lover?' he cried, regaining ..his . .courageion finding they were alone and dealing hor a blow in the chest which felled her to .the ground. ? The poor girl was lying at his feet in a dead faint. ?.-???. ' VVntie is your lover, I repeat?' again shouted the infuriated demon, for into. such. had. his mad: passion trans formed, him, plucking his. stiletto . from his sleeve and stabbing her through the heart. ' ? ' , ?'.' He spoke. to' deafened ears. ' It is my firm belief that the devil, or: his agents, are nearer, to ns than we think ot. Those, who met the baron 'immediately after this event took place said 'that his hair stood on end, his eyes were starting from their sockets, and'his .whole nppearance,as he stalked down the hill., was frightful beyond des cription. '* ?* * * '1,1 ^are say you think it strange that no servant, even; came to the unlortu nate woman Vaiisistance. 'Italians are a, frugal race and' the majority of th'em maintain small households. That of Baron Castehnare consisted of ni man and his wife, who,, in consideration of very moderate wages— according ,t0 your English ideas— gave all necessary services. ' This honest couple happened to be out of the way at the time'of 'the mur der of the baroness. The man had gone to the village to make sonie necessary purchases, his wife .was pjuckipg wild strawberries for desert a little way down the hill. 'Three or four hours elapsed before the body of the murdered woman was discovered. The perpeitrator of the crime was never brought to justice. Rumor said that the pursuit after him iwas lukewarm. 'The house on the hill remained untenanted for some years, no one caring to live among such ghastly re miniscences. It was hired at last by an. Englishman and his wife, who were in search of the a cheap home in which to recrit an impaired income. ' They did not remain in 'it very long, however, their objection being the ghost of Don Pietro dei Castelmare, who honors with his society every one who takes up their abode in his old haunts. 'No one has ever complained of see ing the martyred Inez, so we may hope that— | 1 ^ ' * After life's fitful fever she sleeps well!'' Thus ended the signora's talc. She had beguiled the time so well that the diliger.ee was ready to proceed before any of us had an idea how the hours were slipping by. We parted at the end of our journey with mutual regrets on all sides. 1 never saw any of the party again. The signora and I were to have met in Paris the following spring, but a very severe illness which overtook me in the early portion of it put a stop to our project It is now some time since I heard that she had died of Roman fever and was buried in the beautiful little English ccinetery, outside the eternal city. The poet Rogers gives the following touching account of the spot : ' It is a quiet and sheltered nook, covered in the winter with violets ; aud the Pyramid that overshadows it gives it a classical and singularly solemn air. You feel an interest there, a sympathy you were not prepared for. You are yourself in a toreign land ; and they are for the most part your countrymen. They call upon you in your mother tongue, in English, in words unknown to a native, known only to yourself : and the tomb of Cestius, has this also in common with them. It is itself a stranger among strangers. It has stood there till the language round about it has changed ; and the shepherd born at the foot can read its inscription no longer.' i 