PLAYS AND PLAYERS. -0 MIrs Brown Potter and Mr Beilew, it appears, were unable to arrange dates with Mr Williamson, to admit, in the immediate future, at any rate, of their re-visiting Aus tralia. Early in July Mrs Potter and Mr Bellew are engaged to play a season at San Francisco, and as Mr Williamson could arrange for their contemplated visit, only during the month of June, the negotiations had to be abandoned. iMr Brian Darley, who will be remembered in Melbourne for his performance of the part of Mercutio, is now playing the part of Charley in a New York production of Charley's Aunt. Mlr John Hare is said to be so wall ea:tifiel with the success attending the revival of Casteat the Garrick, and the prospect of a run of some little time being secured, that he has gone to Monte Carlo for a holiday. Dur ing the second week of the revival money had to be refused in every quarter of the theatre except the stalls. It is very probable that Miss Kat.e Vaughan sill te associated with Mr Edward Terry in the musical comedy, in which this gentleman is to make his re- appearance as a burlesque actor. Should such prove to be really the case the production will be of a dously inter e.tingnature Mr Charles Warner is to stage manage at the Adelphi the new piece by Mr Sutton Vane. The title of this has been altered from the Bow of Hope to the Scales of Justice. A feature in the new drama will be a cene in the interior of a cotton mill and an exact representation of the process of calico painting. This will be carried out from designs taken from Messes Hoyla's mill in Manchester where exactinformation i reocard to detailahas also been Obtalnel. ... ~ ' Probseco, the orpor and trainer of liahomet, the "talking horie," bra recently been giving some particulars in regard to this intelligent animal. Calling one day at an American cattle-ranch, be learn?dlthat a \-----horse on thn place had just pre'v(? ly'illed ?men. Obtaining permi.elen to krylis hand at taming the animal, he succeeded so well that m two days the horse was going qunetly in the saddie. Finding that the. -hbrse showed more than ordinary intelligence in learning circus tricks, he determined to educate him to a higher pitch, and the feats atpresentperformed are the result of three years training. Mahomet, it is stated, has had the unique experience, for a horse, of appearing as a witness in a -court case. In May, 1592, in New York, the owner being summoned for riving on a Sunday what was termed a circus performance, but which, it was claimed for the defence, '. was only the exhibition of an educated and cultured quad ruped-the judge consented to- the horse being called as a witness. The animal en being called, came up to the porch of the court, and, was interrocated by the judge. How. old are you?" was the first question, to which 'ths horse replied by striking the ground fivotimes, with. his hoof, signifying by tis: " Five years." "How long have you boan in the business as an edu cated .horse!" was the next ques tion, .aswered .by three. strokes, meaning '"three years." Despite these and similar questions and answers. however, a nominal tino was inflicted on the owner. Morocco Bound, .ivhicld has had such a sac: cessful runin Lsndoni, will be succeeded at the Trafalgar Theatre by a piece of a similar nature entitled Go Bang, written by Messrs AdrianRPss and Osmona Carr. Messrs J. L. Shine. ChailseaDanby and Miss Letty Lind are mentioned for parts in the new produc tion. Frcanthelst British censue it would ap near that there are more actresses than actors in England. the numbers relatively being 3695 nd 3S625. At, Brooklyn, New York, 50 girls moving in the bet society are stated recently to have blacked their faces and given a nrinstreleuter tainneut for a charitable object. Mr J.'F. Sheridan has a company playing A Trip to,Chieago in the English provinces, andinmhiscomipany'a Miss Amy Singleton plays the part of the widow Murphy, and bliss NellieArline the banjoist, Lulu Miurohy the daughter. Mie Gracie L'laisted is shortly.to be mar ried, so it is stated, to a Ir' Frank Fowler, an ex-congressman of the United States. A'neos modl of advertising hi sbeen hit upon. by an English provincial manager. He sends lip a 'rocket every evening, and admits to the performance free of charge the finder of the sticr. Stockholm,- the stronghold of Ibsen and his dramas, isreporte :7to have taken very ..e.:aeuthusastially to Charley's Aunt, which has Srecently beenplayed there:; cer Abbey pays Mr Henry Irving L75,000 net for his recent American tour. It is notunlikely that Mlr Oscar Barrett's pantomlmoe produneion," Cinderella, at the Lyceum Theatre, where it, has proved a for midable rival to the Drury Lane annual, may be taken to Americs on the return- of Mr Irving and his company to the Lyceum. - Despite his recent illness Sir Augustus Harris is occupying-himself with the new drama for Drury Lane. The piece will be the joint ivorkof Sir Augustis Harris, Mr Cecil Raleigh and Mr.Henry Hamilton. There are indications, so it is sail, that theatrical matters in London, and more especially in the provinces, will experience a substantial revival during the next few months. . Mr W. T. Best, the celebrated organist, has been obliged, owing to ill health, to resign the position of organist at St. George's Hall, Liverpool. Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan's latest opera Utopia Limited was to have its first Anmeri can production at the Broai wa Tl'heatre, N-ew York, last Monday. At a recent operatic production at Dresden, Ituiinstei is stated to have been recalled- no less than twenty-four times. MladameVanderveerGreen,incompany wvtth Miss Emma Eames will commence a concert tour at New Yurk about the 1st May. Amongst prajecid departures for India are thosee of the t'ermaen trio, who, it is stated, will go there under the management of MIr: QU. Hudascon. Mr Arthur Lawrence, the clever character actor who. until a year or so ago, was a familiar figure on the stage .. in Melbourneand Sydney, nmade his first Ameri can appearance at the Barkley Lycenm Theatre, New Yor,- as Pastor MIanders in Ibsen's Ghosts. .air Lawrence secures praise from the American capers for the same finished and careful acting and soeaking that invariably characterised his work whilst here. 