PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, NOV. 2 The PrEsiDenT took the chair at a minutes to 5 and read the proher LICENSING AC I 1890 FURTHER AMENDMENT BILL Mr CUTrtliLR. moved the third reading of this uni S The motion was agreed to and the hill was passed and returned to the Legislative As- sembly without amendment MUNICIPAL VALUATIONS APP FLS BILL is.. FETTLE moved the second "-spell; of this bill Its object i us to declare that appeals against municipal valuations might still be made to the Court of Petty Sessions, a doubt having arisen on the p and owing. to the interpretation of the au which allowed such appears to be made to the County The bill was read a second time and committed The clauses were agreed to. Mr. C J HALL most, ed the insertion of a new clause providing that an. claims for arrears of rates must be made within three years from the date of the rates becoming due He had known cases where chums had been revived 23 years old Mr SMiytCI. agreed with the principle of the amendment, but if inserted it would destroy the plea of urgency) under which the hill was being passed, for it would be e to co again before another place J. C. T" HAM ,w't»<l>Pw the" amendment, and the bill passed its remaining stages MUNICIPAL OVLRDRA1TS1NDU1MTY BILL 1 Sir ] FREDERICK SARGOOD moved the second reading of this bill He had had a schedule prepared showing the shires which would take advantage of the act To his surprise he found that the overdrafts were rather less than last year The hill was read a second time and passed through all its stages THE ADJOl ERNMENT At 23 minutes to the House adjourned till the fol lou ing Tuesday LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. \ TUESDAY, Nov 27 The SPEAKER took the chair half past 4, PERSONAL EXPLANATION Mr PINK said,-I desire to make a personal explanation In advocating the land tax as tending to cause wants to be used I referred to aggregations of land held by institutions being groin 1 down into use and settlement by the operation of taxation I now desire to any frankly that I regard the expression as unfortunate, and withdrawal 1 made the remark under the fire of interjections from the opposite side. It was not my intention to advocate this tax as affecting any Bet of institutions in any way different from individuals coming. under its scope A CONSTITUTION AL QUESTION The SPEAKER thought the hon member for Anglesey was taking the wrong course in seeking to move his no confidence motion in the Hous- It had been the rule for a long time past that matters relating to the Committee of Vi mys and Means should be stated in that committee Mr M Ll/LLAN contended that the hon. member for Anglesey in giving notice of his motion for discussion in the House was only pursuing his undoubted right under the constitution and the Standing Orders Mr G i UKNLR said it was immaterial to the Government whether the motion was moved in the House or in committee, and he would suggest that it be taken in the House Sir JAMES PATTERSON thought it deSirable to discuss the motion before the Sptal er in order to bring it to an earl) ter in nation THE NO CONFIDENCE MOTION. Mr M'KEN-_II_ then rose and said -Mr. Speaker, in rising to move the motion of which I have given notice I do not feel it necessary to apologise for the action I have taken I feel that my action is perfectly justified by the circumstances of the case, the only feeling of reluctance I have in the matter is due to my feeling towards the personnel of the Government I feel great re- luctance in rising to place myself in antagonism to the members of the present (JOV eminent and I would feel extremely grateful to them, on behalf of the country, if they could see their way to withdraw this tax at once. If they withdraw it at once the whole trouble will come to an end I presume from the silence of the Government that they do not see their way to withdraw it, and I will therefore proceed with my motion It is somewhat difficult to understand the savage assault that has been made on myself and other hon. members in regard to our action in this matter We have been accused 1 of deserting the Government we were elected to support Mr LONGMORE Hear, hear Mr M'K1.N-!I1- When we were elected this Government was certainly not in existence, and how could we be elected to support it' We have also been accused of deserting our policy before the country I deny both these t barges It is the Prenut r that has deserted his policy - not we. The Government have abandoned theirs, and abandoned it with such expedition as to entitle the Premier to a first place as a lightning change actor, used! to a, first place as an athlete on the political flying trapeze (Laughter ) One is tempted to wonder whether the constitution of the up porters of the Government has anything to do with interchange of front On this side there are two distinct parties holding fiiitmetriuiily opposite views on most of the emit questions of the day), and the our must have abandoned their policy - the policy which they were instructed to place before the country, and on which they were elected-in favour of the policy of the other party which was elected before they went to the country. It might be said that the Government have a perfect right todotliut I am not going to discuss the ethics of their action in this matter but having abandoned their policy) and the policy of the one party and adopted. the policy of the other they have forfnttdall claim to the support of the party whose policy they abandoned I think this quite sufficient to place myself and other hon. members in a perfectly correct position in this matter Those who support this tax on unimproved land values do SO from two the lines and wider) HI parate reasons I he first of these declare that it will not affect the small farmer and that it will not reduce the value of land It H certainly difficult to understand the process of reasoning by which the se gentlemen arrive at this conclusion. but an ix limit union of the papers circulate 1 by the Government will prove to them that there is no justification for their position in one of the papers it is shown that £112 000 000 is the capital value of the rural lands of the colony Now, the Premier has stated that in New Zealand the day may deduction allowance on the improvements is one third and lit pro posts pulled) to deduct one third as some into what the result of the tax will is I am accepting, the Pr miers figure a Ihatwoiill reduces the ill 3,000 000 to £7) 000 000 available for taxing n Out penny in the tion that Hum will work out at KAU 000 From this there has to lit in deducts n made on a count of the exemption of £100 proposed by the Governments that would make a deduction of JO 000 from the £J12(00. I couRt the pr portion 11 tween the mr ii an I urban lands is in the ratio of three to two all the whole amount of tin a year tion n. State 1 by the Cm eminent will be 2000 lltatrttluua that Hum to £.»IU00(» from that a further deduction of £100 000 has to It made on account of the land t state « Unit ntl 14-15 the Bill to £1000 an who has to pay it I lit HALL all land holders of rural land have to say) that Binn (flour, hear ) There is no getting away from it Mr LONGMORE The big s quarters will have to pay Mr M K N/Il -I have shown that £100 000 18 deducted on account of the big squat to r Mr LONGMORE that will touch you up Mr M K N/ll - I will not pay more than I do now Mr 1 111 AWW 1 It -W hy not improve the Government proposal ' Mr M K N/II -Mt have to deal with what is but lost the House. Mr. HI V/l 1 \ - I hats what you are afraid of Mr M K \/II -I am afraid of nothing I have hit the running to do my duty I wish to him no motives imputed to me (Mr M Kenzie wits lure interrupted by several members silt 11, mar him) I tipped to you Mr Speaker to secure Hill nee No amount of unit willetton will disprove the cording to the Government figures that the man 11 land holders will have to pay £18.1000 of the tax Mr G rUltN'l KHiildlipwasaii-louatolioiM. cvMi burne the Hon, member had to -make and appealed to his friends to give the hon. member a fair and patient hearing. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER said interjections were most disorderly. Mr. M'KENZIE -I thank the Premier for his courtesy) in this matter. No amount of contradiction will disprove the figures I have put before the House They show clearly that the small land holders will have to pay £182 000 I might prove this from another standpoint, A tin" of Is in tariff, based upon 5 per cent upon the £112,000,000-the value of the rural lands would yield £281,000 Deducting £100,000 for the large estates, the figures almost entirely correspond with those I have brought out from the Government figures That is a method of proving that the other figures are correct, and that upon the average the small holders would pay Is. in them under this ta.. Now, taking another paper circulated by the Government the paper entitled Proposed Land Tax Examples of its Operation -Example Avonhurst Lands-First, capital value, of So deduction for improvement., £100, Exemption, £100 ; available for taxa T «ion, £100 " In using these figures on Saturday night I have been charged with deliberately misrepresenting the facts of the case. If there is any misrepresentation in the matter the Government is responsible, for the Government issued the paper The amount of taxation in this case is 8s 4d. It will be seen that a municipal rate based on 5 per cent, on the net animal value will give a tax of 15s. The next instance is that of property of a capital value of £400, exemption £100, one third deducted for improvements £13. 63 8d , available for a gallon £107, amount of tax Us 11d , amount of shire rate on the basis I have mentioned 1s. in the £1. The first instance is property of a capital < value of £750 , deduction for improvements AJC, exemption £100, available for taxation £100, amount of tax £1 13s aid ; amount of municipal rate will 17s. (9d. The next instance given is property of the value of 11,000, and the amount of the ta. would almost equal the amount of the municipal rate, and in the next instance of £1500, where there would be no exemption, the amount of the taxation would be consider ably) in advance of the municipal rate. Some may think this shows the progressive nature of the tax, but it does not. Now, I have taken these figures as collateral evidence of my first position to show that the small land owner will be charged from Oil in the £1 to considerably over Is The average will he, as I have said before, about Is I wish to draw the particular attention of hon. members to this statement of the case, because last session, when the hon. member for East Bourke proposed that there should be a tax levied upon the whole rate all" land in the colony of Victoria of land in this is, based upon the municipal valuation, there was a howl of indignation. (Op.position cheers ) Mr. llAitPEH.-And from whom? Mr M'KENZIE -From the very members who are now advocating this tax. Mr. H VIPER And it was to be only a temporary in Mr M'KENZIE "Now, when it is proposed to put on a tax exceeding 1s. in the £1, these gentlemen so) it is so light that people will never feel it. Hon. members will notice that the Government has given instances of how light the tax would be in the case of mortgagors. In fact, it has been represented Hutt in many cases the mortgagors would escape altogether. Now, I wonder very much at a loss, era' God ern ment making a suggestion of that sort. Mr. HAlll'Elt.-Hcar, hear. Mr M'I-lüNZUl-It ought to be well known to legal gentlemen that there was restrict the instrument prepared to compel a mortgagee to pay such a tax. It might be possible to make them pay for a very limited period, but only for a limited period. At present it is a well-known fact that a very large number of mortgages lune expired, and they have been allowed to run on. They are not actually renewed, but the position is such that mortgagees can compel mortgagors to pay the tax at once. An lies. MLVIUFIU-They are not game. Mr. McKENZIE -It would not require much courage to do that. In regard to new mortgages, is there any power known to the legal eotifniternit) by Incline mortgagee can be compelled to pay this tax, or be prevailed from making provision in the mortgage for the mortgagor to pay it. He would not put it in so many words, but he would charge a half per cent, more in ten st. An HON. MEMBER -On one percent, Mr M'KENZIE -At any rate there would be no danger of the mortgagee paying the tax. Now the Government has another class of supporters to ns proposals-a class of gentlemen who are not deceived in this matter. They know very well that these stun ments about the tax not affecting the farmers and not mincing the value of land are all nonsense. These gentlemen admit that it will reduce the value of land, or, as they prefer to put it, reduce the price of land, (Opposition cheers.) Mr LONGMORE.-That is correct. Mr M'KENZIE That is the correct way of putting it, says the hon. member for Dandenong, and he is an authority, (Laughter.) 'these gentlemen know that it will reduce the price of land, and they justify the land value tax for that reason Mr. IJllOMU'A.-Hear, hear. Mr M'KENZIE.-I respect the views of those members who sit in front of me because then he has e their theories are correct. 'they hold their views sincerely), and I ask them to believe that I hold miners sincerely). When the hon. member for Jolimont was speaking the other night I interjected that the effect of the tax would be the decrease 1 value of land, and any fruit at the hon. member for 1 Sandon said, "Not the value but the price " Mr. DEAKIN'S beg your pardon. Mr M'KENZIE -1 must be labouring under a very great mistake, but I understood the hon. member to say, "The price, not the value, the confusion of these terms is a trick." Did the hon. member say that a Mr. DEAKIN,-'Hie hon. member has quite misunderstood. The interjection I made WUH III answer to another interjection. Mr. M'COLL -The) were the words used. Mr. M'KENZIE -The hon. member is reported in Hansard as saying that "the I contusion of these terms is a trick." Mr DEAKIN.-Hear. hear. Mr M'KENZIE -Will the hon. member so that the statement of Mr. Cannent, actuary of the Mutual Provident Society, that the tax of ld. in the £1 upon land valued at 21 an acre would reduce the value to 17s lid is a trick; Mr. DEAKIN -I say that is his estimate. Mr M'KENZIE - Sir. Comment is recognised as an authority on the subject, and although I entertain the highest respect for the opinion? of the hon. member for East a line in many respects, in this particular matter I prefer to belli ve Mr. garment, The SPEAKER.-The lion nv number should not take notice of interjections, but should go on with the debate. Mr McKENZIE -It is a difficult thing not to take notice of interjections. 'The SPEAKER! -'The hon. member takes notice of a son) interjection. If he did not take notice of them they would die out. Mr. M'KENZIE -I am afraid they have too much vitality for that. I look upon the attitude of some of the legal gentlemen who have been recently) returned to the House as being of an alarming if not a communal diameter. (Opposition cheers ) In this matter the hon, number for Geelong (Mr. > Higgins) is well in front His open justifies a- tion of confiscation without compensation is well calculated to alarm over) man in the clear) who has any thing to lo. e. (Opposition cheers ) No doubt it is in a statement that would be received with, joy by those who had nothing to lose and who hope to obtain something in the scramble that would in evitably follow Mr HIGGINS-'lhat statement I never mine Mr McKENZIE - I was present when the lion gi nth much as is apt altar,', and that was (certainly) splint 1 understated, and what the -ins and porter understood In the lion. or miner for Jolimont the hon. member for a lung has a good net and 'shot him mern btr justified the "granting down "by a section of people who own means of land whether in town or country ever art notpuituu the land, in ording in his judgment in the bar at use in (branding of them down In taxation until the) turn compels' it to part with Hu ir fund I vanilla what the lion gi ntleman would consult I would be the best one to put a vacant I lie It ot suburban land to at the present time Mr. »HOMELY-Si II it. Mr M'KENZIE -'Ilute am more IIOIISIH than people now, and land can land he turns it to his) account b) building houses upon it' He only benefit to be (limit would be to find work for the unemployed, and that would not be profitable to the colony Will the hon member all) that people should be compelled to cultivate i mind) land in order to meet hint which can only be held for Is (Id ii binder I ' People should In lift to JUIITO to what use they should put their land (Opposition chun) 1 regards the proposal of tin do vi man at as the thin ml of the relief to the article tax- (Opposition (thirty-third I have no doubt this is the ultimate aim of man, but no man in Mr 1IAUKI. No Mr M'KENZIE Hero isunollioruullioril) mother Danh 1 come to jutlpmi nt. I have no doubt that is the real object claim numbers are coming in, although line as not Ewin) who acknowledges it HO capitals millie non member for Bowen, who stated Illili he hoped to see lins tax largely increased in the future, and with that o. jeers vow he would object to any exemption being made now, because exemptions would hinder the working of the tax in the future, and prevent its extension These are statements that are very hard todiaprow not however, they show very distinctly that the Government proposal is being supported by two classes who are diametrically opposed to each other on other matters and for two (lia metrically opposite reasons the one is the belief that it will not reduce the value of land, and the other that it will do so and divert the land to other purposes I would like to know how the Government proposes to value the rural lands of the colony order to assess the amount to be paid under this way Does it propose to accept the municipal valuations as they stand' If it does, a very serious injustice will be collected on a large number of persons, because in many instances the municipal valuations are too high and in others too low, and it so happens that as a rule where they are too high the land is poor If the Government does not propose to accept the municipal valuations it follows Hue it must appoint valuers in which case I would like to know when the valuations would be completed Mr HLID-In 20 years Mr M'Kl-N/lL-I he cost would be considerably more than in New Zealand, and I assume people are to have an opportunity of appealing against assessments (Opposition cheers ). It would be very interesting to know when the revenue would be received Mr HLID-It would be a good thing for the lawyers Mr MT-l-N/II.-The Government is not satisfied with taking £182 000 away) from the rural land owners, but it proposes to deduct from the municipal subsidy £85 000 If you work these figures out you will find it is equivalent to a municipal rate of Is -1W in the £1, and yet we are told that the poor farmer is not a man to whom consideration should be extended-that he has been spoon f d, and if he endures any hardship in the future he should be very well satisfied, because he has had a good innings in the past These are the statements that the made in the face the fact that it is proposed to press this additional burden on the farmer at a time in the history of the colony when above all other times, he is unable to hear it (Opposition cheers ). This tax will fall upon the tanners and land owners at a time w hen the great staple products of wool and wheat are bringing less than 50 per cent of their former values, at a time when sheep and cattle are being sold in the Melbourne market at prices that are not remunerative The dairy industry is the only rural one which seems to be prosperous at present Apart from that, there seems to be nothing farmers can turn their hands to with any prospect of profit At this critical juncture, when they are struggling beneath the terrible burden of IIIRII Customs duties, debt, and depreciation it is sought to subject them to this exquisite torture euphoniously designate d a tax on unimproved I and values The men whondvocatethlB tax so strenuously and who appear to be so sincere, cannot realise what will settle result of their action I believe it they did they would turn with horror from it I hold that all hon. members who wish to see the present holders of land remain in possession of it, who wish to see that in in a position to pay country storckeenerothc large amounts standing III their books, who wish to see many thrifty people who have placed their money in building societies and other financial institutions Mr LONGMORE -It is not going Mr MKLN/IE-I say that such men must feel it is their bounden duty to rise up and resist this that, which will have the effect of grinding the people down by taxation until they are compelled to part with what they possess (Opposition cheers ) I and those who have been acting with me have been accused of wasting time in this matter but we feel that we are not wasting time If the views we hold are correct the Government is attempting to fasten upon this country a tax which will have a most disastrous effect (Opposition cheers) and are we not therefore conscientiously bound to do our uttermost to resist this tax (Opposition cheers ) We feel that if the House had gone into committee last Thursday the Government would have attempted to have forced this tax on hon. members before they came out of committee We thought the best plan to adopt was to give notice of the motion which I have now rise n to move in order that the country might have an opportunity of speaking out and express inglis views Mr T SMI H. Hear, hear Mr M'KENZIE -The country has spoken out, and its views are spoken in no uncertain manner man with no uncertain sound Is it we who are wasting time or the Government which has attempted to foist this tax upon the community, knowing as it does that it can never become law? It is known that even if by a strange conjunction of circum- stances it. should 8i|iiee7f through this House the proposition of the Government has no chance of becoming law Mr LONGMORE -Treason I Mr. M'K1 N_ÎIJ_ I am perhaps as well as as of what is treason as the hon. member I intent! to d. my duty, and I am not to be intimidated by any remarks of hon. members, or person, or papers outside of this House (Opposition cheers) j lure is no blinking the fact that this tax has no chance of passing, and the Government has anticipated trouble by putting the whole of the taxation proposals in one bill Without pursuing this subject further, I ask Is this a time when a quarrel with the other Chamber should be de liberate ly provoked' I say it 18 ft time when all members of the House should unite to pass legislation that we 111 be in the best in terms of the whole community I feel that there is an imperative necessity that the state ledger should be balanced by retrem h ment, economy), and direct taxation The Governments attempts at retrenchment are very feeble indeed, and very hard to discover in regard to economy the Government were not very conspicuous, but in regard to taxation they were comprehensive I be here we must have direct taxation. (Ministerial cheers An hon- MEMBER Hut not this too, (Opposition cheers ) Mr McKENZIE - Certainly not this tax I believe it to be the very worst form of taxation (Laughter and cheers) I have been accused of advocating this tax before the country. I did nothing of the sort I [ was asked whether I was in favour of a tax on the unimproved value of land in several portions of my constituency, and on every occasion I said I was not Therefore I was astounded when I found my name include 1 in the list of those who were supposed to be in favour of this tax I don't suppose any member was more definite in his statement in regard to this tax than I was I said that at the present juncture the tax was one that could not be accepted Tina a fit at ion was not before the country at the last general t lei lions I he 1 re miner who was then leading the Opposition, went before the country with a distinct policy given to him by his party, and he was using doned that polio) (Opposition died as ) Will anyone say that the late Premier went before the country) advocating this far? 'Then how could it be said that this tax was before the people at the recent elections? I have said that it is imperative that the national ledger should be balanced, but I hold the Government have adopted the very worst course for balancing the ledger The first thing the Government are bound to do is to reduce the excessive cost of government of this country (Cheers ) Mr. PEACOCK - That is being done Mr M'KCNZI.--Th. Government had promised to do that, but what had they done 1 The a other evening the Minister of Public Instruction interjected that he was going to bring in some bill that would have the elect of reducing the expenditure (of the Education department b) £100 000 Mr PEACOCK. Hear, hear Mr M'KEN-ÎU -That was very) pleasant I believe the Minister has the courage to do it, but why does he not do it now Mr PEACOCK -'i You are blocking me Mr M'COLL (to Mr Pi. COCK) - You are abandoning savings Mr M'KI Î./I1 the Government say they are going to do this but if that were so win in the name of everything do the) want £000 000 taxation ' (Laughs r mind "Hear hear ) \\. as this heavy) burden of tiiMttion to h impost is to create or continue (extrava gullet in this country I will now allude to a statement made by the lum member for Richmond (Mr Ircnwiih)tit a touching the previous evening, I had lion number with it ported in The 1> is to him said that this tax should be imposed mother to provide work for the people Mr lbl War II -but is untrue Jil M KI ARU -I have given the lion near ear no opportunities c interdicting,. It object to imposing taxation for providing work in that may 1 don t It lie at that tin mu must ed Kbtmld billowed rostrum the Streets 1 hold it is the duty of the Oti venturing to protect them within reuse able and judicious limits but not to impose heavy taxation upon this country for that purpose -(liiiif- liter)-upon pet pic who are not able to put it I am) that is a policy I cannot subscribe to 1 hire is no ou asked to allow the men employed to starve the money to find work for them could be Havt 1 no other day tions Im- posing this tax would starve others but ( cutting down the public expenditure would not think anyone ([lim, been The Go At first it are beginning to recognise now that there is room for rent Indications in the put his (Npenditure without imposing (rent hardships upon her) person It is obvious that at a time like this hardships must be (utilised and they would have to be endured full round It the Govt admit want of refused revenue why do the) not impose tho I incline tax all round, as it would fall on those who were best able to endure any hard ship' Mr. WilL. Your party voted against it last time Mr M KENZIE -I voted for it, and I am not responsible for any) party action The cost of government in this colony was fur and even) beyond what it ought to be and that fact was being recognised by the House and the country. The country will not be satisfied until Parliament gives effect to the reductions that are being demanded I think I have shown sufficient justification for the action I lime lukin, and that we are per rectly) justic I in what we have done I! (is we believe, this tax is going to have a disastrous effect upon the colony) then we are bound to resist it, and to appeal to all hon members, whether representing town or country constituencies, to surmount all persons of party feeling in this matter, and assist those who are opposing, this m in re raising the imposition of this most cruel and elmo MOU s tax (Hear, hear ) I now move the motion standing in my name That the Budget 1 ro) says are unsatisfactory " (Cheers ) Mr OR 1 milk seconded the motion Mr DEAKIN stated he wished to make an explanation before the Premier replied So much prominence had been given in this House and out of it by the hon. member for Anglesey to an interjection he made last week, which had been entirely misunderstood, that he wished to set the matter r right When the hon. member for Jolimont was making a careful) thought and well digested ap 1 eli certain hon member attempted to confnaetbat)oung member by speaking of " wine in its double sense That was t e exchangeable value, and was what was called the true or permanent value He then interjected in Order to save that hon. member from the trick that was being played that he must distinguish between price and' value He regretted having to make this explanation, but he finds prominence had been given to the matter that he felt bound to explain how it arose and what he had intended to come Mr M'KENZIE aske 1 to be allowed to explain also He interjected liten, mother words, the elliot is to reduce the value of land,' and the hon. member for 1 asendon said, " Not the value, but the price Mr G lUR.LU, who was received with Ministerial cheers, said -Mr Speaker, I don't propose to reply at any length to the remarks of the hon member for Anglesey) V, with regard to the tax on the unimproved value of land, I spoke at h ngth concerning it when introducing the Einiget and it has since been full) cApt -lined by those who have spoken in its favour and the objections to it has e been raised by those who are opposed to it that portion of theapeeohofthehon meet her will, however, be amply replied to later on There are one or two point, that I wish to refer to The hon. member lins attempt! d to make out that the poor struggling farmer will under this tax liable to pay £102 000 or £1000 - I am not clear which it is out of the £511000 proposed to be raised by taxation It must however be borne in mind that many of those who would have to contribute to this £16. COO are not struggling farmers only, but all owners of rural lands and country) townships and vii pages Even if those lands were occupied by the farmers which they were not they would not have to suffer very much when we take into consideration the full amount to be raised by taxation The lion memorial will not say purpose 1) has attempted to miss lead the House in regard to what the farmer will have to pay the table from which he S noted and which was circulated by the government only shows the average amount, of the tax throughout the length and breadth of the colony, and did not refer to any, particular person I was careful to say at the time I made the Budget speech that the small areas which were well improved would pay very little taxation, while the large areas which were not so well improved will have to pay more 'The poor farmer with 320 acres will not be taxed upon two thirds the value of his property The hon member must know that those small farms are improved to far more than one third of the total value of the land (Hear, hear I think it is now time this false cry be dropped It is the red herring that is being drawn across this discussion Another statement that has been made is that the Government propose to take the municipal valuation and add 10 per cent to it, and in that way arrive at the valuation of a property It is not going to do anything of the kind That example was merely put before the House as an approximate amount that country lands would have to pay It was necessary that there should be Borne basis to arrive at the estimate of revenue to be derived from this tax, and we took the municipal valuation 113 the basis of our calculations Every particular property will, however, be valued on its merits, and every person called upon to pay the tax will have the full power of appeal against the valuation to an impartial tribunal (Cheers ) We have been told that it the bill embody) mg the land tax does pass this Chamber it will not become law I say, however, that I ought to have the best information on that point, and I say unhesitatingly that if this bill does pass Ulla House 111 a reasonable form it will become law (Cheers ) J any that on good foundation as I have received information which I think 13 reliable Mr G DOWNES CARTER -Will you lay a list er on it? (Laughter ) Mr. G TURNL11-It has been truly said that this is not a time to provoke a quarrel, and I don't want to provoke one I have no desire or intention of provoking a quarrel between the two Houses, but I do say that it is undoubtedly time we took steps to pay our debts (Cheers ) Mr. HANCOCK That did not trouble the late Government Mr G aUKNER-We have heard to night of something that took place at the Opposition caucus before the general elec tion I always thought that what transpired at a caucus meeting was regarded as could dentist The party at that caucus did not, however, come to the determination that the surplus tax should be the tax the part) should advocate (Cheers) The determina- tion it arrived at una the necessity for some form of direct taxation (Cheers ) It was left open to every member there to BUJ whether he was in favour of one kind of taxation or another kind of taxation (Cheers ) Mr M'KENZIE-In was published that the form of taxation was to be the wealth tax. Mr G TURNER-The hon. member has accused me of dropping the surplus wealth tax, but I think he has also dropped it, because he has just told us that if taxation is required an income tax should he imposed It the House is prepared to give me an income tax for the amount of revenue I require to pay the liabilities of the country I don t see the slightest objection to it (Loud Opposition cheers ). It will, however, he an income tax of 20 or 30 per cent (Cries of " Oh, oh " and No ' ) Having disposed of the remarks of the hon. member for Angle so, I intend dealing with some of the objections that have been raised against the Hu I get proposals Before, however, I do that I wish to say that the hon member need not offer any apology whatever for the step he lies like 11 On the contrary, I return him my) heartiest thanks for submitting this motion, as it enables me to know those who are prepared to stand loyally by me and to see if those who urged me to accept the position I hold ure prep and to carry out their promises of support (Cheers) There are some hon members in this House who, when they urged me to accept the responsibility of putting out the last Government, promised his hearty and loyal support and to sit behind ntl) Govcriumnt I might form, and better Htauntlieat supporters line motion will enable me to see whether in the hour of music) will support me or assist in lining the motion moved and seconded Mr HANCOCK -The political rat again Mr G . UI NEK -The reasons put for ward for moving this no control nee motion are wholly) unfounded It is simply a more a drag net motion to put members in a false position It is the sired that those who are anxious to support the Government should have to win 1 the risk of being,, caused here alter of having voted for this land tax There is mine III the proposal of the Government than the mere lunn tax '1 the motion is not a question of land tax or no land tax, but whither He majority of the House fees could not 111 the Governor, at (Cheers) I am glad it has been mount became it will enable us to ascertain as bother we do possess the confidence of the majority of the House or not (Cries of "No and "his ) I said when making the Budget statement that when the bill to lntocommitttecver) oppor trains) would be given for a full free and full discussion of the details of the hill and that the Government would hasten untiringly to till hURgestions mind, and would linden out consistent with its honour teakettle value of the majority of theeouiinittie I have shown the industries of the Governon not in this truth r is circulating documents giving all the information on the subject at the disposal of the Government win the it was for or against our proposal (Hear, hear I have done more than that I believe that some members are honestly de Hirousof supporting another form of direct taxation sue! as the surplus wi after tax, and I don't want to block them from having a direct vote on this question When the hon mem- ber for Brighton mentioned the matter I had the question looked up forward and I showed him how he could move a motion without challenging threatened of the Government When, however I did that the Opposition corner cried in chorus "No, no I first number was thoroughly sincere, but those sitting near him were determined to vote against any direct tax on wealth The tax is to be imposed for three years, but if at the end of the first year it. is found that Id in the £1 brought in too much revenue for the report mines it could next year be re race 1 to A 1 That that is a matter that is in the control of the House Ihivcainti the delivery of the Budget gone carefully) into the figures again, and I am confident that the deficiency was not overestimated by me Sir JAMES PATTERSON There was no necessity for you to have reduced the eau mab d revenue from Customs Mr F I URN! R -My estimate will not be far out as goods will not be taken out of bond in expectation of a reduction of duties He Government has been told tortured further but it must be remembered that it has only been a few weeks in office If there are men in the Government sen it a who should have been dismissed the late Government should have dismissed him The lion mere) r for East Potirl e has suggested that £200 000 should be squeezed out of the selectors who are in arrears and from water trusts and that there should be an all real property tax of 6d in the £1 and that the municipal subsidy should be abolished Mr HARP! R -I never said that Mr G lUlvNTR - Andhe.cllstiadistinct!) You must not have any taxation button must borrow yourselves out of debt (Laughter) The hon. member for Toorak said I we ought to cut down in the 1 ducatic a vote very considers) I) but unfortunately he spoke from a comparatively spe skin"' old record and did not know that the late and the present Ministers of 1 mention made const Kemble reactions in the amount he mentioned 1 The same hon. member also said the municipal Bill so I) ought to go If thin House is prepared towing out the subsidy altogether I think the Government in ly very fairly say they are prepared to keep this tax at a lower rate than proposed Only the House isnotprepiredtowipeoutthestibaid) b case it would be unjust to the poorer localities from whom we are obtaining money. The hon mi ml or for I Eastern Suburbs also ndv o cated cutting down the 1 fictitious depart ment and the wiping away of the mural an endowment and told us the trees out of our depression was to go on borrowing m I adopt the principle Hill down by the hon number for Bourke East an I burrow to pay our debts I ask the House to tell me whether there is one man in this House who can re trench in the Education department better than my) hon friend the prestent Minister of Education (Hear hear ) He has been here and he started the retrenchments, and in carrying them out now and I believe that if he is left there he will in time, without any harshness or hardship to any employee retrench that department an 1 bring down the expenditure to a reasonable amount (Hear, hear.) the ex Treasurer unfortunately is not present, and therefore I cannot say as much as I would like about him We all know the change that has taken place in the hon. member We recollect him when he sat in this comer and when he sat unsheathed cornir-(laughter)-how decisive and jovial He was and how he said 'HI were only Treasurer for a few months I would put things right ' (Laughter ) When In did become treasurer he found the hard work that it was, and it broke him down in health as it had broken down previous Treasurers' health His idea was to wipe out the whole public service, compensate them, and re-employ those who are wanted, but be careful you touch the tall poppies and don't forg t the little daisies down below I think it would be the little daisies that would suffer and not the tall poppies Mr M COLL -Yon are not justified in saying that at all. Mr. G TUKNrn-The hon member wont be in the new Government (Laughter) The hon. members name is not on the list (Laughter ) Mr. ZOX Will you read us these, please (Laughter ) Mr. G 'IURNLU-Tho Government have been urged to alter the differential sugar duties, but if they took that step they would have to see that they did not do something that was Sarah It we fairly and contains cently could save £50 000 or £100,000 in altering the differential duties on sugar we would be perfectly justified in coming to the House and asking hon. members to remit the duties on tea and other articles which bear heavily on the poor We can cut down the charitable vote We have £100 000 to cut down, and we could make the murder polities pet) I wonder what the members of the country party would say if they wiped out the subsidy and put the charity vote on the municipalities? alien the last proposal the House got was the 10 per cent duties all round The ex Treasurer would certainly not have the slightest chance of carrying out that programme I have pointed out briefly the suggestions made for sq naring the national to Frances I prefer the Government proposal to any of those suggestions (Hear hear ). In talking about retrenchment we must not forget one very important fact I am told that I should square the finances 1 _ retrenchment during, the next six months That means that I have to raise £900,000 or reach to the extent of £1,000,000 per annum W li), the Government have hardly had time to become acquainted with their offices, and that we can reach to that extent in the next six months is beyond my conception We were advised by the Ham member for Bourke East to borrow ourselves out of our difficulties An honest man applies his assets inpa)inentof his liabilities, and does not borrow in order to meet them and if we are honest we are not going to pledge our possible assets in order to meet our present liabilities Then we are told that we ought to collect £200 000 from the farmer in order to pay our back debts Mr HARPER - Vi What do you do with all the money that comes from the lands now ? Dont you pay our debts with it' Mr 6 1 URNER-Now, were we to adopt this suggestion, we want £500,000 There are those bonds due in January twelve months, and certainly money will be wanted during the first part of next year to the extent of £500 000 or £250 000 We would have to take from the farmers the amount of interest on overdue rents and in addition 1 per cent for the purpose of a sinking fund which means £70,000 a year Are the farmers inn position to stand that' Then we could not stop there The A thus very fairly points out that this acht are most apply alike to past and future payments It would be very unfair that a. man who got into di 11 should be let off and not pay future rents, and a man who had honestly cynical voured to pay should be told to pay up The result is that all the farmers would expect to be put on long terms What does that mean ? Wro receive £300 600 a year, and We would lose one half of that, or £160 000 It would be impossible to follow out any other plan and hon. members know very well that I could not stand that The hon. member tells us also that we have to sell reclaimed land and thereby) collect the money But it would be impossible le Sands to sell the lands for an) thing like their full value (Hear, hear ). In my Budget statement gave all the information I possibly could I thought that hon. member who has financial knowledge would have read between the lines of the statement and such things I did not care to publicly disclose And now, how am I to pay my July interests' Let us face the difficulty How am I to send the money away in April to be in London on the 1st july 9 I propose to do it out of the proceeds of this direct tax. tion (Cheers ) Now how am I ndv ist d to do it? I may do it in one, two, or three other ways I may take the money I have borrowed in England and pay the interest with that-pay the bondholders their interest with part of the money I received for their ends (Cries of 'No no ) that that would be a dishonest and dishonourable course and I am not going to adopt it I am) g 6 in in hand is one of the banks the I ask them to advance me the necessary) money) As Has Mr Mrs it -the) ve all been there before many a time Mr O 1UI.M It-I dont think the J rea superior this colony ought to be a be in such a position (Hear hear) The only course open to me is to go on using the most ) which I have borrowed in this colony) for road works, or borrow further money) for works and pay the interest out of that w Inch is the honest and honourable course ' Which is the course both Iv to t use tina e I am in the calm action of our 1 Yallah on hands Is it not to shown retiring man 11 st or The ourselves to put some taxation ins It's an I square our debts honour ii h (Hear hear ) While we had the trust funds to go on with it was all very nice not now tin trust him Is are gone and here let me a toy tor I don't want any mischief pure in r far to the position I take up-that ninth r one of diErs her nor in the mother Inn lined have the slightest npprtIllusion with a (try to their nu- riBt (Chests) J lit it and will be paid win river the money comes from We are not gone, t it construct, and woman not within it a miracle dist mc of asking one of life in the time (Chief I was not too definite in the Bank at the ment Lee has I had w those (and they would know all I know an 1 1 delude their boat) for assistance (Hi i hear ) But I am not going. to allow lion met ml era in the Chamber bert after to say if we had 11 noun tile tract I lets an 1 tin I position at time of li) we V on 10 have IN eli von all the taxation i to xv antill What are the facts On the Will lune hotel had £1100 000 of notices in the tanks out of wind at.. 600 was all I had of the trust funds commit!. lliOOOO Her hat was loan money During the currency of the year I shall have to expend out of loan funds for nuleri.oika and railway F M WO There are demands made in, mist the amount chair in hand that will leave £7 Ostia on the 30th June next when there is the di here which is going on and which will be £1.00 000 SO it we pay this out of the loan iiiotii)swe have manner the result will be that we will have only £260 000 left Now, in April I have to send to London for the last for) an ally £700,000 for interest We have borrowed since the 1st July to the extent of £200 000 We have received trust funds which I fired hope d not to have used, to the extent of £50 000 that will get up amounted 510 000, and make altogether £>b0.000 Even with Ire surer s saving, this will be barely enough to meet engagements, but of course I have the money which need not be paid until July or August 00 (100-so that I will just be enabled to pay the interest, and there lost, there need be no trouble so far is that is concerned But I a in it is barely enough carry me through lhiBsumofioOO.OUO will be the only month to carry out my Iinaiicing Now Isa thntisgettingpreciouslv^earhtiving His liabilities nil on one suit, and very little assets to pi> them with 'flint is a position which I, as I treasurer, am not going to be forced into if I can help it (Hear, hear ) Let us look a little further ahead What will happen before Dtcembernext)ear' Mc j know the revenue will not be so much as the expenditure Vie may fairly assume that Oil on ) We may fairly assume that the Ordinary revenue from June to December next will not amount to the ordinary expenditure The heat) expenditure comes on and the revenue does not come in and we will probably be £200,000 short I have to provide £250 000 for the interest on the bonds and have to send to England £700 000 for the quarters interest I have no trust funds list I have only £20,00 which the ex Treasurer borrowed, as I say, wrong), and which I do not propose to use beyond keeping it by in case there may be call for the money Taking these things as I had, got them now-and which I hoped to have kept in my own mind -I say that the colony is in such a desperate position (Ther hear," and cars of No. no I say the colony is in such a desperate position that members of the House will be bound to give me the taxation I ask for. (Cheers ) Mr MINT-RE-Why this sensational iam' Mr HARPER-It is pure nonsense Mr G. TURNER -At the present time the whole amount of the money which, I have in the Treasury) leaving out the £250 000 I have mentioned is £1,500 000 Of that £1 £30 000 belongs to loan funds and JIG 000 to trust funds in the next few days orders or vouchers will be signed for £230 000 ordinary salaries and expenses £110,000 municipal endow incuts £20) 000 for interest to be sent away in a few days, ¿ 5000 for the expenses of the squadron £10,000 for ocean mails and £20 00 a portion of the charities vote I line already signed, or bare to sign, vouchers to the extent of £640,000, so that I have not only used up the extra loan money and the extra savings bank moneys, 1 fit I have actually trenched to the extent of £130,000 on our loan money in as those facts staring us in the face-with that know ledge in any mind-bon members cannot wonder that I have- been sitting at this table anxiously watching the progress of this debate, an I anxious for the conclusion, in order that we might proceed to some means of raising the money that is absolutely meeting., and which must be raised very shortly (Hear, hear ) Then there is another point we must not forget, and that is the Post-office funds In ISO., in consequence of the 1 unie failures, we referred £800 000, or £700 000 more than usual That certainly was only put there for safe keeping and as soon as things improve it will be asked for, and we, of course, must be prepared to pay it, either by selling our bonds for the purpose of sending the money Mr HARPER -You have special provision made for that Mr G 1URN1 li -I don t object to selling our hands for this legitimate purpose, but I object to selling them for the illegitimate purpose of paying, interest on loans What has become of the money in the Melbourne Savings Bank' When I went to the Treasury I asked for the trust funds All gone 1 The money taken from the Commissioners Sav mg3 II ink ' All gone! What has become of your revenue' We have not got it How does the loan fund stand ' We trenched on it to the extent of £100 000 and it is worse to day), because we have not been able to get in revenue, timber have had to go on making payments I do deeply regret I should have to put these facts before the House, and if I had been treated in the manner I expected to have been treated by those who know those things as well as I do I would not have been compelled to make this statement, which I purposely held back in the Budget speech Now, Sir, the question we have to deal with is whether we are going to pay ourdebtBby raising money by taxation or whether we are simply going on borrowing To use the forcible expression onto used by the hon. member for Essendon we have reached the parting of the ways There is one road that is straight and narrow and difficult to travel, and that is the one we ask the House to follow on this occasion and that I am on devouring to follow through good repute and through n.ur.se and misrepresentation before I occupic 1 third position I thought I was an honourable, honest and respected member of society), but now I hu»ealmost come to the conclusion that I am one of the biggest scoundrels unhung (Laughter ) Anyone would think that I am trying to force this taxation on the country for my own pleasure or out of pure cussedness, whereas I am doing it because I 1 believe it is the only course which will lead this country out of its troubles No one can imagine for a moment that I would be idiot enough to attempt to place taxation on the people if I did not think it to be absolutely necessary We know in our municipal life that if we attempt to raise the rates there is a howl of indignation, and in the large area on which this tax will fill we must expect that the bowl will be leader in proportion We have been too long living on borrowed money, and it is time we found our way back to soundness and said) If we follow the course I have marked out I believe that we shall find ere long that our 3½ percent will be over par and we will have an opportunity of consolidating our loans, and shall find that our savings and our extra revenue will give us an opportunity of reducing those obnoxious revenue duties of which hon. members so justly complain the other course open to us is to follow along the road we have been pursuing for the past two or three years living- upon borrowed money and ending in mev itable calamity We are told, sir, that we are bound to retrench We know that, and we are going to do it We have not, during the few weeks we have been in office, had fair oppor- tunities of considering that course. I say that if we are allowed to go into recess we will be prepared to bring in a compre- sense scheme before the end of the liner Uni year The only suggestions we have had offered to us are that we should go on borrowing that we should wipe out the municipal subset) (which hon. members know we have not the ghost of a show of carrying out), and that we should impose the income tax But I have already pointed out that the income tax cannot give us the £500 000 we want . ow, sir, so far as I am concerned there was no agreement as to what form the direct taxation should take It was no business of the Opposition to put an) programme before the country at all, but we nellie went out of our way to gloomy views when we were before our constituents I said then that I thought the best tax theoretically was the tax upon unimproved land values but my difficulty was that I saw no way of bringing it into operation so as to givens the rest ernie we wanted before the 10th June That was no new idea of mine The tax was in the Casterton programme which I subscribe to, and when it was put before this House by the hon. member for 1 Essendon I voted for it, as did the hon. member who second of this adverse motion (Laughter ) I pointed out that the income to by itself would be unfair an 1 upon it, I at that coupled with land tax it would be fair and reasonable My) own view at that time was that the surplus tax was the one which could be brought into a ration most speech) But air it Iwaven d upon that had I not reason after the remarks made upon it at Castle mann by the tin n I n mier He ridicule 1 it so much that it became inn ridiculous in the country and no one had a word to say for it (I just ter the hon industry for though a last word 1 not listen to it I was given) in favour of the particular tax I now propose, but and that no C comment but I a right to do tate to the H use the form of taxation it should adopt I I h that it was for the I Cor remains to st) 2 lb tin r it would carry on the business of the country if the as it is of the House did not approve c 1 the tax and not propose I but He "li I tale that position now I will say the 11 am not going to be du tilted to by the li Her of the country party I am not going to allow land to be is me that if I will withdraw the si to meet taxation 1 June br nicht forward and a ei pt no taxation on nil (f r that is his j it poses as me as I am in r stand it) shall b allow I 11 hold the post the! notes issued) during the sweet will and pleasure of the gentlemen who form any part) We have no objection to an oppor turn!) him- until I lion as it is to give a lined vi t on 6 (pt str n I whether they will have direct taxi tram or not, and it is now for the House to say w Kelly r we are following them lit late or not It the map and) set) apart as, we will willing.ly warns the unenviable I ( sides no now one up R W I will willingly place the tea! we have indicated in in the hands of the inn number who improper d this motion out) we are again 1 limiting each month in which it would form would not be one which would I will, form the final Liberal and a remission nine acres which the majority in this Hourn do no toil no sold! by me KM san) toy tin w i Hare of this country Hair, of a) Mint. would be tin policy in this in n Gou minent ? I can see it very liberal) cup 1 OBIIIL. the Government is beaten the bon mi mur- would be sent for, and he would take three or four days to form a Governon nt Mr PI._-COCr-.--_ is formed abroad). (Laughter) Mr G PUKNl R -I can assure the hon. member that he will find it a very hard task to please everybody Then! e Ministry would have to go for re-election which would bring in more to the end of the year when they will require a few weeks to prepare their retrenchment t scheme and the result will be that it will be February before the House can meet Then they would want time to mature all the schemes that they have up their sleeve so that it would be utterly impossible for them to balance the finances before the 10th June Now sir I value the position I occupy but there is something I value much higher and that is the in utterance and the preservation of the nation to honour and the credit of my native had (Heir by E ) That being so it the majority of this House consider that the affairs of the country would be safer in the hands of the hon member who has submitted this motion I shall be only too pleased to give way to him Ivvoulf ask hon. members to go to a vote v without delay (Hear hear ) I certainly expect my friends on the site of the House and those on the Opposition side who are willing and anxious to give me import as against the motion to div be at once 1 further delay in the matper would day by day strengthen the position of the G ivernnient I am going to ask the House to vote at once I come as soon as we get back into committee it will be competent for any member to move an amendment which will give us an opportune)- (daughter) it is quite com- potent for all) member to move to omit all the words referring to the land tax and thus get a straight honest vote on the tax Mr MINER] - Willjouicccptit' Mr G TURNER. will accept it from a majority and I will know what to do if a majority of the committee tell me I am not to get taxation 11 now exactly what position to take up I have told the House I am not going round mul ing promises to one member and another (Hear, hear.) The present Government can afford to be very independent They came into existence honour i! 1) they have lived honourably) and when they die they will die honourably (ne or hear ) Unless members are prepared to assist the Government and get back to the taxation proposals in committee they will be of use to their duty traitors to the sacred rights are posed in them and utter!) and wholly unworthy of the honourable position they occupy as representatives of the people of Tarleton's (Cheers from the Government benches ) Sir J AMI S PATTERSON, who rose amid acres of "Divide ' said he would be pleased if they could prevail on the Premier to do with the land tax what he had done with the surplus taxpayer withdraw it. If the hon. member had withdrawn it before the no confidence motion was submitted the trouble would have been over When the troubles of the present Treasurer were compared with those of the last Treasurer they were simplicity itself The late Government had to deal with the financial institutions coming down one after another, and yet they came through the whole of that trouble, and during the whole of the time they had the unemployed at their doors, and came through that trouble also the unemployed had been provided for, and the financial institutions solidly established What was this tremendous thing the Treasurer presented' He said there would be a deficit of £528 000, but did not propose to deal with accrued deficits That deficit w as the deficit in the revenue and expenditure of the present year, and the whole of it, with the exception of £5800 was caused by the railways If the country was in the wretched condition described by the Premier, why was he asking for an increased expenditure this year' Would not any reasonable man re trench in such a position ' It was admitted that the committee had a right to say how taxation should be applied, but hon. members had a proposal submitted in the tax on land values that the people at the last election never heard of (Laughter ) Neither he nor the leader of the Government put it before the people And even now it was not understood the supporters of this tax, the legal gentlemen particularly, supported it not for the sake of raising money but because it was such a lovely thing and would enrich the country lancy going round trying to convince the people that taking money out of their pockets would be a good thing for them, and telling them that no expense, would be involved in its coller, tion, because there were so many more officers in the Government service than were required that they could be pleasantly) employed in the work of dragging the money from the people Employ ment would then be found for these people, and it would be unnecessary) to retrench in the public service This tax was to save the country would cause unused land to be improved and houses to be built while we find houses now unoccupied The policy of past Governments had been to settle the people on the land but the policy of the present Government was to reverse that The farmers relied on the values of their properties, but it was now acknowledged that it was the right thing to reduce the value of rural lands, as then the poor man w on) 1 be able to get the land more cheaply But if the poor man could get it more cheaply so could the rich man, and that policy might turn all the land into sheep walks Unless the farmer could be kept on the land no more railways could be built, for when a railway was built to any place it was for the purpose of carrying the produce. It was wrong for the J. rea suier to detract from the fair fame of the colony There was no country in the world without a large debt, and our national debt was represented by our railways and other substantial public works All we required to do was to see that our railways were properly managed the country would not stand the continual loss on our railways with the large number of men employed there Our revenue was sufficient for government purposes except for the loss on the railway s Were the people to saddled with taxation because of the loss on the railways' A more monstrous proposition was never made Did the Government think they were going to force the land to., down the throats of hon. members by Stopping discussion when the persons owning the property were complaining everywhere that they would resist the tax ' No one desired to discharge the Government at this early stage of its career, but there was a solid determination amongst the people that they would not have this tax He would there fore ask the Government to retrace their steps Mr G TURNER-.Mi) tina motion of no confidence We will talk to you when you decide this Sir JAME S PATfl RSON really believed the Government intends to retrench though they did not like to ask now ledge it There was a time when the Premier find the greatest admiration for the hon. member for Anglesey) That hon. member should not be blamed for exercising independence of character and for refusing to become a party Blnve More men of this stamp were required On the land tax the hon. member Anglesey had ever sat d the opinion of the, whole colony, and he hoped the Premier would pay attention to that voice-the voice of the colony It was possible to write down about £300 000 of the deficit and to retrench in an ordinary way to the extent of £5,000, and before a tax on land values was imposed the question of placing the police and charities under the control of the municipalities would have to be settled Mr G TURNER -Wb) didn't you do all this' Mr STAUGHTON-Things were not so bad before Sir JAME S. PATTERSON The Premier was aware that he had a very bad case, and, as all the cuteness that belonged to his profession he pitched into the other side. It was absurd that the Premier should have told such a doleful tale and neglected to refer to the great assets of the colony and its present revenue Instead of crying 'stink ing Hall he should have presented a fair statement of accounts the fact was that the colony was not in such a critical position as was represented so far as the state finances were correct red, but the position of the whole population night le vi) materially affected by that of the financial institutions Mr HANCOCK The), have ruined thousands SirlAMl S PA I II KSO 11E se financial institutions could not to injure 1 without any citing the ) c iple at large and depriving many of employ) at the Ibee annual) must 11 treated as a w hot and he section should not be taxed more than nnot her Comp bring the position of the colony with that of other countries its difficulties at a small and mates 1 of crying, out that it was on the brain! of a terrible catastrophe the Premiers should look forward with, a, no signs of [ bo| ( andeliierlulness (Ministerial laughter) in li it he wanted to an was that if the land tax proposal were withdrawn the Government might reckon not only his import I hit that of Hu whole tenement) (-beers, and Muna terial cans of Dunk Mr GRAHAM said that in supporting the motion he wish to at i explain his position with respect to the Government He had been accused by the. on in of the Government of lung an ounce make i au Ringuet, a cal iller nil V ii conspirator Now, to intrigue or conspire he must have a con full milk and if the newspaper referred to could produce one living witness against him from us in" memory of the House he would at tin and in resigning seek re strong n to the -number If it could not prove its staff mines it family I am (convicted of publish me,( roSE falsehoods (Iltur hear) At the last general ( fiction he was returned on the Ministerial programme as enunciated by the Priiiiurat St Kilda this had now been ii j area d from a tax on land values having been substituted for a wealth tax Hit fact was that before long the House would have to decide whether it was to continue the present large i expenditure on the public service or merit. payments to outside creditors. There was ample room for further retrenchment in the various departments and especially those of Defence and Education The former should be again made a branch of the Treasury department, and its estimates r duced by £100,000 the country shires would, he was sure, prefer to go without their subsidy than bear this land tax, for it would press more heavily on the farmers than the rest of the community, as it did in New Zealand. If the Government proposal were carried out his shire would lose £1,500 a-year, and dairymen would be called upon to return the full amount of bonuses they had received from the state for the export of butter If the land tax meant one) thing it meant confiscation, as had been indicated by the members for Geelong and Lowan It was only fair that it should be considered in connection with the proposed revision of the tariff If, as was contended in some quarters a revision meant loss of revenue from the Customs a further reduction of revenue would have to be provided for, and there was all the more reason for the two measures to be considered conjointly The Government was now pressing the labour pirtytowlnp the country representatives by the land tax, and when the revision of the Customs tariff came on it would ask the country members to support it against the Trades hall (Cheers) It was because the Government had departed from the St Kilda programme that he was not sitting behind it The w ages men in the Government service had been retrenched sufficiently, but there was ample room for further retrenchment among the tall poppies of the service. The Government in this matter should take a lesson from the bees When honey became scarce the drones had to quit the hive, and the drones in the public service should be told to leave Mr MURR VY -There will be a weeding out (Laughter) Mr GRAHAM intended supporting the motion, whatever the result might be The Premier had told hon. members to wait till the bill went into committee and they could then run! e alterations but he had sion that game played before, and was not to be caught in the trap This was not a matter of liberalism against conservatism but liberalism against socialism (Opposition cheers ). It the Government chose to fight under the red flag of socialism it would have to take the consequence The doctrine of socialism was to level down (Hear, hear) The Trades hall and the Government wanted to level down land values If the Government would withdraw this obnoxious tax he would warmly support it (Laughter ) He would not, however, be an) party to enforcing socialistic views upon the people of the country. He challenged anyone to prove he had intrigued against the Government because he had not been taken into it, and would resign his seat at Buchand accusation could be proved against him The A is made that accusation against him, and if it could not prove it, it would stand branded as the most infamous liar in the country (Hear, hear.) Mr. M IN TYRE suggested that the Premier should withdraw the tax because that hon. lnemberdidnotbeheveimt (Laughter ) There had been a second Budget speech delivered by the Premier that night but if hon. members looked at the Budget papers they would see that apart from the railways there was only a deficit of £08 000 What then became of this terrible state of affairs to which the Premier had alluded? When that hon. member proposed the no confidence motion in the last Government he said Only place me in power and the revenue will roll into the Treasury in thousands The hon. member was careful then to avoid saying that he proposed to bring this about by taxing the people to the extent of £1.00 000 (Hear hear) There was no necessity for any additional taxation beyond £80000 and the additional taxation was only proposed to justify the Premiers election statements as to the necessity for £600 000 To retrench and reduce the civil service by waiting until the employes retired or died was utterly ridiculous Civ ii servants never thought of dying Laughter ) A reclassified action of the pubhC8enice would save £500 000 without hurting or dismissing anybody The combination between the legal representatives and the Trades hall representatives on this matter was the most extraor- dinary that ever took place in this country but the public of the country would realise the situation and hon. members behind the Government would be the first to rebel against the power which was exercise 1 by the public service against the late Government From one end of the country to the other there was opposition to the proposed land tax It was going to take £500 000 from the people who owned the land Had hon. members reflected that that meant a charge of 5s per head on every man woman and child in the colony ' What then must it mean on the heads of families in the producing class who had to pay it whilst many escaped there had been talk on the question from financial academics financial scientists financial theorists, financial A philosophers. and above all from financial socialists. (Laughter) The hon. member for Lowan would not support the tax unless the tax on sugar was reduced he was prepared to tax the farming, community £500 000 and give them in return their proportion of the remission of the duty on sugar, which would not be more than £10 000 That was logic (r further ) The hon. member for Geelong (Mr Higgins) did not say any thing about sugar his cry was confiscation (Laugh ter) This was a tax on the capital value of the land no matter how it was disguised At first when it was proposed people said, Oh my bit of land is improved I will escape But when they found that it fell on all land everyone denounced it as an outrageous and iniquitous tax As to its effects, he was told by one well able to judge that already it had decreased the value of land in the colony to the extent of between twenty e and thirty millions, for land was absolutely unsaleable Of course that was what the hon. members for Lowan and Geelong wanted It was absurd to think of imposing a land tax when there were thousands of acres not realising one penny Victoria s extremity was the socialists and single taxers opportunity Mr OUT PRIM thought it only right as seconder of Mr M'hen. ie motion that he should say a few words When the time arrived that a man was dissatisfied with the Government, at that time he should cross the floor of the House The time had now arrived when he thought he should make a change. (Opposition cheers The only persons members were responsible to were the electors, and he could afford to treat with indifference any thing members might say about him Sixty members were returned at the last election pledged to liberalism, and the mandate from the country was that a liberal Government should be formed Yet Mr Turner had taken into his Government a number of the most rank Conservatives that ever held office in this country The member for St Kilda, in addressing his constituents, had advocated federation, the establishment of astute bank, a surplus tax, and the reduction of the defence and education votes He had since shown insincerity by putting the one man one vote principle in the background, for on that federation must be founded, he was going to relegate the state bank question to a Uo) al commission and he had dropped the surplus tax, which could be collected easily and with little ex pi nee for a land tax, which could not be raised within the currency of the present financial year he found fault with the Premier for including three sixes in one bill, for it was only fair that each should be debated on its merit. The Government was sup posed to have a heaven born Minister of Defence, but that gentleman »vaaactii),'mo3t unfairly in not appointing local others who had the latest British training He opposed the reduction of the municipal subsidy on the ground that it would I mean an a additional late of Gd in the £1 lila complaint was sold) against the Premier for departing from the programme on which he had been elected, and he thought he was only doing his duty in supporting the present motion (Cheers ) Mr. HARPER, who rose amid ones of Divide," said he would not have spoken had it not been for certain statements made by the Premier. The speech of the Premier was that of a Minister who felt his power was slipping away), and it was made with the object of making the country believe that it must Bvvtillotv the taxation proposals of the Government or have repudiation of its obligations. He was astonished that the hon, member r holding the position he did had made such a statement, which would damage the credit of the colony. He had suggested as a temporary tax that there should be a tax of 6d in the £1 levied on all property rated for municipal purposes, and he believed the country) won It! sooner accept that emergency) to" than thirteen) permanent tax proposed on all the land in the colony, which would average from had, to land. in the £1 The Treasurer had inflated the estimated defeat just as the hills Govern, as it did two years ago, to get the House to adopt the Inch Customs duties which had done so much to continue the depression. The Treasurer had further ( estimated the customs revenue by nearly £100,000 as com Tutin! with the estimate of his predecessor, and the revenue of the last four months showed that this under estimating had been three deliberately), in order to swell the (It limit, so as to inflict a severe and most detrimental tax upon the i (immunity. The Customs revenue for the last four months was mail) £00,000 over what wuscolltctctl in the corresponding four months of last year, For the six months ending the list at, the Customs revenue was £10,000 in excess of the amount received in the same period of lS'U. (Hear, hear.) In face of this improvement the Treasurer had. however, definitely reduced the estimated receipts of his predecessor from Customs by £¡100,000. Tltoa^-who vvçro.-HBkipifc-l«. the abolition of the primage duties would sooner have Hiern kept in operation than this obnoxious land tax (Hear, hear ) During the last four months £30,000 had been collected from those duties so that there would be about £90 000 received from them this year If the increase in the Customs receipts and the primage duties were taken into consideration, and the amount of money proposed to be expended in aw imp reclamation were deducted from the expenditure-for there was no justification for proceeding with the work when the land could not be sold this deficit was brought down to £300,000 (Hear, hear) I nat was the amount of the actual deficit, and why, therefore, should the Premier speak in tin li) sternal manner in which he had about the state of the finances of the colony (Hear, hear ) His scheme for the sale of annuities and their redemption by moneyS owing to the Government was merely carrying out the principle of the Credit 1 Foncier scheme Men of the highest financial knowledge and ability) had informed him that they believed his suggestion pointed the right way out of the difficulty Nothing but heroic legisla- tion was good enough for this Ministry, who refused to adopt the simple way which any financier would point out The feeling in the country was growing in favour of his proposal, and he had made a present of the suggestion to the Government, but with the usual result that he was treated with contempt and contumely) 'Vb business man would treat his private business in the way the Premier was treating that of the country at the present time Mr BAKER said the question they were now called upon to decide was whether the member for Anglesey or the member for St. Kilda should be Premier The recent man- date from the country was to put the Patterson Government out, and he was not going to assist in putting the members of that Government back again into power. At the same time he was strongly opposed to the proposed land tax unless, in committee, it was so amended as to prove acceptable to the country at large Mr ROGERS said his intention was to vote for the Government, because the Premier had promised that in committee he would be prepared to receive suggestions, and practically leave it to the House to say what system of taxation should be adopted He, himself, intended to move a friendly amendment in order to test the feeling of the House on the only fair system of taxation The Premier or nobody else was at liberty to impose on the country a second rate so item of taxation, and one which if carried out would be an immediate and disastrous failure Another strong reason which impelled him to vote against the motion was that he was utterly opposed to the system of retrenchment of the late Government Mr CARTY S VLMON said that before the late election he attended a meeting of the then Opposition and that party were after wards furnished with a programme, which was put before the country at St Kilda That programme he supported before his constituents, said that programme he was prepared to support now He would be deviating from his diction pledges if he supported the Government pro- posals now One of the great journals of the country-one which boasted of its large cir culation-had stated that the negotiations for this want of confidence motion were conducted by Mr Carty Salmon, Mr Mackenzie and Mr Graham He gave that statement an unqualified denial He knew absolutely nothing about the motion till six hours before the notice was given That paper also stated that he was the arch conspirator of the scheme The hand that wrote that was the hand of a bastard He w is nothing more than a moral assassin, and would be capable of standing behind a corner and stabbing in the back the unfortunate victim of his envy, probably, and certainly of his hatred and Ins malice If he (Mr Carty Salmon) was to be compelled to come under the whip and sink his independence at the bidding of any paper that moment would he send in his resignation of a position where honesty of purpose was counted as nothing, and a spirit of reprisals and revenge for what for nothing was put before anything else Could men of education who valued honour before any thing else be expected to come forward to do their duty to the country if they had to tolerate such attacks? He would repeat the offer made by Mr Graham, that if the Age newspaper could prove that he had the slightest knowledge of this motion the House would know him no more Mr M Kenzie knew what was the first time he told him (Mr Carty Stinson) of the motion It was hard that he, a young man who had only been 12 months in the House, should be compelled to stand up and clear himself before his constituents of the stigma fixed upon him, that he was an intriguer and a conspirator, and he trusted that the paper would have the honesty to acknowledge that it had done him a wrong Mr. LAWSON moved the adjournment of the debate. The motion was negatived. Mr. LAWSON thought it would be only right for the Government to consent to the adjournment of the debate in such a late hour, seeing that several members desired to I speak He favoured the income and absentee taxes, but thought it absurd to propose a land that a time when hundreds of people did not know what to do with their land. He had no desire to see a wholesale dismissals, or any unfair treatment of the public servants, but he disagreed with the argument time bad times wire the wrong time for retrenchment. With the exception of the Chief Secretary, no member of the Government had shown the slightest disposition to retrench. There should be a reduction in the number as well as the salaries of public officers, for it was decidedly) unfair that people with reduced incomes should be taxed to keep the service on its present footing. He intended to vote against the Government, because it proposed land tax which would be cruel and unjust in its incidence. Mr. IRVINE said the only two reasons for which the present motion could have been brought forward there to interrupt a discussion which was popularising the land tax, and to force members to commit themselves absolutely to the Government proposals or to vote against the Ministry. no did not intend to be caught in that way). He understood that so long as the principle of the resolution was accepted any amendment would not be looked upon as hostile by the Government. Mr G. TURNER-Hear,hear Mr IRVINE would with that understand- ing gas e the Government his heartiest support Mr DOWNWARD had no desire to see the Government displaced, but his constituents. did not want the land tax unless there were to be substantial exemptions and it was made a graduated one. It was mostdiflu cult to determine what was the unimproved value of land at the present time, but it the Government would give members a free hand in committee to Gx tile exemption and other details he would support the Ministry. (Hear, hear) There should be an income tax imposed of 25 per cent on salaries of £1,000 and over and 50 percent on tho3eexceeding£2,000 Laughter ). The land tax ought to be graduated, so as to reach the wealthy landowners Mr STERRY thought the motion of the hon. member for Anglesey) was ill advised and all that in the approved of the income tax and the absentee tax, but he could not support the land tax, as it would ruin many) farmers and small landowners He wanted to give a straight vote on the question of the land tax, and he asked w In ther he would be in order in moving an amendment to the effect that in the opinion of the House the Government land tax proposals were unnecessary), (Hear, hear ) he would support the Government if they would go straight for an income tax and an absentee tax, which would place the burden on the shoulders of those best able to bear it that the motion was inopportune, and its with drawal would save the time of the country. Mr. W ANDERSON, who and he spoke as an independent member, pointed out that Parliament had two clearly expressed man dates from the country One was to put the finances straight by means of economy) and taxation He did not agree with the land tax proposals of the Government, but was not on that account going to throw over board the w hole of them. He would do all he possibly could to defeat the land tax or to make it inoperative Mr AUS 1 IN was prepared to support the wealth of. which the present PrimiUHub quitted at St Kilda, but could not support the land tax which decreased the amount paid by the large estate i an increased the taxation of the farmer He would vote against the Government. Mr Mill 1 L K desired to state that he had never pic Aged burial is Lo support the, unimproved value tax us In I been started and was utterly opposed to it, but would support the Goverment is in the hope that it would throw itovirloiud altogether Mr 'IllOM .ONsiudthi li mierhiultlnown over his own followers, and though di second to any port him he could no longer to 30 Those who supported the land tax wool 1 sup) port till Ruling out of the farmer It had I (in said that the first band of men had not paid for their late Many of them had pull more for it than it was north now A great deal re mained to be done in the way of retrenchment Mr A W WHITE intended to vote for He Government for turn upon that 1 change. of Ministry at present would not be riding for one and merely wash Unit Mr K NN1 DY was opposed to the principle involved in the proposal to tax land values The ninth nee of the proposal tax would henrdircotl) on the farmer, and the tax instead of hunting up the large estates would tend to their further accumulation If there was one mandate from the colony. to weather. Olio expenditure of Mia colony should be brought within its income. He suggested to the member for Angles? the advisability of we withdrawing the motion. Mr. A ANDERSON said the effect of the land tax would be to reduce the value of holdings, and instead of bursting up large estates it would cause them to be added to Mr M'KENZIe remarked that it had been represented to him that his motion would place some members in a false position If the Premier would give an assurance that the House in committee would have the opportunity of substituting another form of taxation for the land tax, he would be prepared to withdraw his motion. (Cries of 'Divide ') The House divided on Mr. McKenzie's motion with the following result: Ayes 533 Noes -5 Against the motion .... 22 The following is the division list'; AYES. Mr Anderson, A. Mr. M'Intyre \- Austin ' - M'Kenzie \- Bowser - M'Lellnn \- Brake - M'Leod \- Cameron - Moule \- Chirnside - Murphy \- Craven - Outtrim \- Duffus Sir James Patterson \- Graham Mr Rowson \- Grattan - Kid \- Harper - Bussell \- Kennedy - Salmon \- Langdon - Staughton \- Levien - Thomson \- Madden - Webb \- Mason - Zox. \- M'Coll NOES. Mr. Anderson, J. Mr. Kirton \- Anderson, W, - Lazarus \- Baker - Longmore \- Beasley - Maloney \- Bennett - MGregor \- Best - McLean \- Bromley - Murray \- Cook - O'Neill \- Deakin - Peacock \- Downward - Prendergast \- Duffy - Rogers \- Duggan - Sangster \- Dyer - Story ; \- Pink - Styles \- Foster - Smith, T. \- Graves - Taverner \- Gray - Trenwith \- Grose - Tucker \- Gurr - Turner, G. \- Hamilton - Turner, R. J, \- Hancock - Vale to Harris - Wheeler \- Higgins - White, A. W. BC, \- levers ,' - Wilkins \- Irvine - WilliamS 13. D. \- Isaacs, Isaac A - Williams, H. It, \- Isaacs, John A. [- Winter. 1 \- Kerr Majority against the motion ... 22 "9 The following members paired For the motion Mr. R. Murray Smith and Mr Carter, against Mr. Shiels and Mr. Scott. ADJOURNMENT. At a quarter-past 2 o'clock the House adjourned until the afternoon. 