Current Topics. ''Crimes run in cycles," said James Russell Lowell. The dictum is being abundantly realised in Victoria just now. One has hardly recovered fmin the shock experienced by the publication of the uh^stlv details of a diabolical crime nhen. another more shocking occurs. The wretched tragedy at Maryborough was followed bya brutal murderatRicnmoud, and now news comes from Rutliergien of a slim tragedy—a farmer cuts the throats of two of his children and shoots a third. In three instances of the perpetration «f double-dyed crimes "insanity" is set down as the cause. The Chief Justice, s»me time since, declared that cowardice often caused suicides, and it now appears that individuals who' worshipped money have broken down and lust heart, and have perpetrated the most terrible crimes lest those they have a right to maintain and provide for should be reduced to want. A leadii'E * ollins-street medico expressed the opinion that if the newspapers did not publish the details of murder there woul 1 be liss sacrifice of human life. There may be something in ikit. The opinion of Cr Gray is that it would be wise on the part of the council to set a small sum apart for asphalting the streets and letting the work by contract. It worked well in the case of the roads, and would gire equal satisfaction in regard to the streets. The system has beeu in vogue tn New Zealand, and is much approved of by the ratepayers. There is quite a little history associated with tbe construction of the railway line from Maldon to Shelbourne. Jc is a well known fact that Mr Speight, the theu chairman of Commissioners, was strongly opposed to the line and went so far as to declare that he would never sanction its construction. It v« his opinion that the route which was supported by the producers would have enabled the producers of the Laanecoorie and adjacent country to have availed themselves of the line and thus make it a paying concern. But Mr Gillies- the head of the Government, useii his influence to thwart the effurts of the producers, and in spite of the strenuous opposition from those most concerned—backed up and supported by Mr M'Intyre, the member for the district—succeeded in carrying the line by a comparatively small majority It was a huge mistake, and this is now acknowledged and is the more apparent from the fact chat it is actually proposed to close the railway altogether. Tht residents of Laanecoorie, irith Messrs Tupper and Wallace at their head, see a way out of the difficulty. It is propased to place the Government in possession of all the facts aud make a bi|( effort to have the line continued to Cousin's Corner, a distance of four miles. This would bring the producers of a large district into touch with the markets and divert the traffic from Bendigo to Maldon and Melbourne, thus imparting an incentive to increased production and adding to the returns frjtn the line. It is to be hoped that the residents of Laanecoorie will meet with the support of the entire district. Now that it has been finally decided to hold the next agricultural show at Maldon, it behoves everyone on the committee to put his shoulder to the wheel and help to make it a pronounced success. The prize list has been completed, with the exception of one or two classes, which are left in capable hands. Before the prize list is printed every effort should be made to obtain special prizes iu addition to chose offered by the society. Liberal promises have already been received, aud if every two members of the committee can obtain one special prize a very substantial attraction will be added to the bill of fare. It has been resolved that a grand concart be held at the Masonic Hall in conuection with the society on show niitht, the proceeds to be devoted to paying off a " moral" liability to the trustees of the Baringhup Library Hall, and as the present committee does uot seek to repudiate -a liability contracted by others, it can with every confidence rely upon the cordial assistance of the Baringhup people, and although some of the society's oldest exhibitors at Baringhup may feel aggrieved at the site of the show being removed, we feel assured that they will recognise that it was the only step left to the management to save the Society from extinction, and it is safe to predict that in the long run the society will have as ardent supporters in Baringhup as elsewhere, In reference to the retrenchment entered upon by the council it may be mentioned that Cr H&tton;'s scheme— which was not accepted—would have effected a saving of L90—and only one item would have been touched, that of officers' salaries. The original scheme of the council, or rather a committee of the council, provided for reductions to the extent of L226 15s. and covered 12 items. The schema adopted by the council, tea cettainextent a modification of the scheme drawn up by a committee of the council, has effected a saving of L245 7s., and dealt with 10 items. The council in "retrenching" were, doubtless, prompted by the most laudable intentions but it remains to be proved whether the scheme will prove a success, or whether it will impair efficiency and affect the prestige of the shire. The well-established belief that iron, especially galvanised iron, is a lightning conductor was rudely upset on Sunday morning during the storm. Mr. Martin, of Adair Street, Maldon, heard an unusual noise about 7.30 and soon afterwards discovered that his large 800 gallon tank had been struck by lightuing at the base, and the "ribs" rent asunder, while the iron in other parts had been scorched. The tank was full at the time but the whole of the water was emptied in five minutes Those who have built their faith in lightning conductors (till be surprised at this, but the fact that the tank was full may account for the extraordinary incident. " The resisting power of water is enormous," said Proctor, during his Australian tour, and probably had the tank been empty no damage wonld have occurred. On Saturday night and Sunday morn ing violent thunderstorms, accompanied by hail and lightning, passed over the district. At Shelbourne the residents were greatly alarmed and some damage was done. Mr. Buckland, of " Eurella, sustained a heavy loss, the lightning setting his stable on fireat about 9.30 on Saturday night, and it was 10 o'clock before it was seen by on* of the employees. The building was demolished. It contained e number of farming implements, corn crasher, horse rake, harness, tools, &c.-; .Thft-building.was a'largeone and its destruction is a' serious loss to Mr Buckland. At Beudigo nearly all the lamps in the town were extinguished. In Maldon the storm was very violent, in Adair-street the lightning struck a corrugated iron tank and stripped several bands or "ribs." releasing the water and destroying the tank. A large number of trees were uprooted. The weather was bitterly cold on Sunday, but on Monday a change set in. Old residents declare they never experienced lightuing so vivid aud aver that the roar of the " heavenly artillery " was deafening. Mr Charles Calder returned to Maldon, on a brief visit from Western Australia, on Saturday: Mr Calder spent some time in the Murchison district, «ml says that the field should become one of the most important in the west. As yet it is comparatively unexplored, though splendid returns ha\e been obtained from the reefs already discovered. He met several residents of Maldon who were doing well. Mr Calder will leave again for the west in a short time. Attention is directed to a clearing sale of furniture to-day by Mr Broughall, auctioneer, at the residence of Mr Denny, Fountain-street. The furniture is in excellent order, and as the list comprises a handsome walnut drawing room suite, and many useful articles, there should be a good attendance and spirited bidding. The first batch of summonses issued at the instauce of the Maldon Shire Council will be dealt with at the Police Court on Thursday next As this involve* a further expense of 7/6 apart from the fine and registration fee, owners of unregistered dogs will be consulting their own lnteiests by registering forthwith. ' What is to be done wilhour rail ways" is a question members of Parliament are asking every day. The leakage still exists. Expenditure, and receipts, instead of being brought together, are drifting wider apart. In a conversation with a prominent member of the Assembly on Monday our' representative was told tbat in a few days a projiosal will be made to Parliament of a startling character. The proposal to lease the railways is meeting with very little favor, and will not, just now at any rate, assume practical shape. But it is becoming more and more apparent every day that there must be a change. The gentleman referred to said, " We want generalship and practical experience, and I am prepared to take definite action when the proper time arrives." While a certain case is still before the court it would be wrong to mention names, but a proposal will be submitted te the Assembly, probably next week, which will certainly cause an animated discussion, and may lead to extraordinary developments. It was reported in the city yesterday that the Commissioners would recommend the Minister of Railways to lease the following lines :—From Oamperdown to Timbnon, from Maldon to Shelbourne, from Rtidesdale Junction to Redesdale, from Warragul to Nee rim, and Moe to Thorpdale. On Monday, the Judge's summing up strengthened the case for the petitioner, and Mrs Dutton left the Court quite joyous, while her many friends were de lighted. His Honor, in speaking of Dr Dutton's conduct in refusing to get rid of the servants when his wife promised to forgive him and come back, said it was " treating her like a dog." The greatest interest was evinced in the Judge's charge, and towards the close, the impression was that the Doctor had not "a ghost of a chance." So strong was the feeling against Dr. Dutton that when the jury were filing through the corridora one of their num ber, Mr John Sutton, J.P., of Flemington, was button holed and told that " Dr Dutton ought to be shot." The gentleman who said this, did not know Mrs Dutton. but he had heard the case, and his opinion was embodied in the one brief but none the less forcible sentence. " All Collins street," said a well-known city broker, " is with Mrs Dutton." It is anticipated that 503s. will he planted with beet in Gippsland alone next year. Those who understand the industry, aver that there is from £7 10s to £12 per acre profit in it. The land in the Sariaghup and Neereman districts is well adapted for successful b»et culture. The slopes that get the early morning sun are best. - If a dozen farmers were to combine and purchase machinery, the result would be much higher profit than can be obtained by dairying. ' If your farmers would only breed Lincoln and Cutswold sheep, and grow rape seed and flax, they would need less labor, less expense, and would mike four times greater profit, than they at present make.'said Mr Hotson, the well known lecturer on the frozen meat trade, a few days since. Ths merino must l»e " tabood" by every farmer, and in a few years hence the breed wiil be restricted to a few statious. A farmer at Poowong, this year has marked a percentage of 110 lambs from sixtoothed Lincoln ewes, crossed by Border Leicester. The latr«r are just growing into ftvor. Mr Iloddinott, ot San Reino, and Mr Hall, of " Halsson," Allambee, speak high terms of praise of this strain. They are heavier bodied than the Lincoln, and have a better constitution. Last night the Taylor-Carrington Com pany appeared ia the Masonic Hall, in an amusing drama entitled "Ould Ireland." There was a crowded house uml they thoroughly enjoyed the bill of fare presented. The piece was well staged, and the characters were not exaggerated, a fault common tc some Irish dramas. The plot was interesting and well svstained, being a combination of tragic, sentimental, and comical scenes. In the dual parts of " Xhady Brady" and " Lame Harry," the Irish leaguer and the drunken ferryman respectively, the acting of the ever popular "Charlie" Taylor was never seen to better advantige, and he was greeted with enthusi untie applause. As Lottie" (a Demcher girl). Miss Ella Carriugton, as u^ual, soon placed herself on good terms with the audience, her efforts winniag high ouiincudation. Mr. J J. Ennis, as "Mr Morris" (a licentious landlord and subsequently a fugitive murderer), gave a good interpretation ot an unpopular character ; whilst Mr G. Watson, as " J ames" (Morris' servant), kept the audience in roars of laughter with his splendid impersoDatiou of a droll iudivi J ual. Mr A. Mortimer, as " Old lirady," was very successful, as also was Miss Bell Vernon, as " Mary Brady." The other parts were well sustained. The scenery was very effective, and the representa* ; iu of a train crossing the stage at full epei d vas cl ;verly executed, and was greeted w.th applause. Not the least enjoyable portion of the entertainment was the duets, songs, and dances introduced by Mr Taylor and Miss Ella Carring ton. In a chat with our representative on Saturday, Constable Faulkuei, who had charge of the black trackers iu the anarch for the loBt child Hugo, said he had never seen so much excitemeut under similar circumstances. On the day the little one was found there were over 120 horsemen in tht bush prosecuting the search. He stated that he had sent: word to the searchers to come across and meet him. so that some of the credit of finding the wandarer is due to Faulkner. The trackeis were at a great disadvantage in not being earlier on the scene, the myriads of tracks made by the excited searc.iers rendering it quite impossible to pick up the trail. The child herself has a wonderful constitution, and only complained of hunger. The dark nights friglitensd her very much, and she felt vary c.-ld and cried a great deal—the mere hungry she became, the more she cried. Faulkner, feels sure that the blacks would have found her that night or the next day, and the medical opinion was, that6he would have6tood another night or two. 