A CRY OF DISPa FROM SIBERIA. A Bussian political prisoner in exile in Biberia wrote to a friend in European Bessla depicting tho miseries ot his lite in 11 this forgotten and God- forsaken Arctic den, beyond the boundaries ot civilisation.'' The letter, which is published in the current number of free i2uma, took sis months in I running the gauntlet of the Czar's Argus* I eyed officials, It is dated June, 1893, at I Kolymsk, a Siberian town of 600 inhabi* I cants, locacea lar to the north. « During the first period ot ay life here,' writes the exile, 'I thought it would be an Interesting work to send to my friends more or less detailed accounts ot the peculiar conditions of life into which ve, a little handful of Europeans, nave suddenly been thrown— conditions to yhieb we are as unfit to adapt oui6elves as a kittle body ot civilised travellers, ship wreaked on the coast of Greenland, would 'bo to arrange their lives in accordance with the habits and circcButanoee of the native Esquimaux. But moat of my manussripti fcever reached the persons to whom they were tent, and now even the desire to write them ie gone. My own ams««mein; at the extraordinary surronndinge here has grown fainter and fainter. Life in Keiymak sacks everyone down into Ibelf. ft seems to me now like a far* t-fi dream that somewhere in the world there are big towns, filled with people, with large chope, with houres ot several storeys, with pavements on which great crowds of people go to and fro ; tbat there are lands where the rivers begin to flow in February and do not freese till November ; where, instead of snow-covered swamps, there are fields with thiok, standing corn and grass ; lands where there are woods and gardens, with green leaves on the trees ; where tbe people live on bread and varied vegetable food. For us, reality co&siits; of a per pctaally frcsen dciert, covered with i little hillocks end overgrown with stunted I larches, whioh can hardly force tbeir ' loots through the eternally troaen soil ; a cold and filthy ynrta, hardly fit to be called a toman habitation, even by people accns* toned to the poverty-stricken cabins of the Bussian peasantry; for food, rotting fish; for clothing, such rtgs as are left ef out European drees and rough native garments of half -cured skins ; for the rest, solitude, alienee, and lifelesrnciB, I thick the ghosts that wandered mournfully along tbe banks of Acheron, lamenting aloud tor their loit earthly life must have felt what we feel, dragging ont onr lives alone on the banks ot the Biver Kolmya. The utter lack of all aim or interest, forgetfulness of the past, and indifference to the r resent are steadily taking hold, upon us all.' 