QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY AT NEWCASTLE. (Br "The Cynic.") Tho University A team went up to New castle on Thursday morning, and got a drub bing in tho afternoon, at the hands and foot of tho Centennials, 011 tho now football ground, in tho presence of about 800 peoplo. The premiers of tho metropolis woro boaton I fairly onough by" 7 points to 3 points, after a | very stubborn game. Tboy woro without a couple of thoir beat forwards, viz., Sawyer and Conlon, and the locals beat them badly in the scrams. Tho 'Varsity 3 points wore got by tho only Abbott, after a dashing run, scoring a try noar tho goal-post. Rowlands missed an easy ohanoo to convert it into a goal. Tho Cen tennials' saoro was made up of a boautiful ffoal — kicked by Wal. Cobb from a plaoo noar tho touch-line, not very far from half-way — and a try by Gilbert, very cleverly got. The Unie. wero tho first to score, but at half- time the local team led by a point," and in tho second half they got tho try. Savo at long intervals play was neither exciting nor brilliant. The strong 'Varsity backs did not got a ghost of acbanoo to put in their fino work, for tho Contonnial forwards swarmed all over thom like so many winged mon. During tho oarly part of tho game tho local forwards heeled out, but after getting a lead thoy kopt the ball in aud strugelod hard, on knees and hands frequently, to hold tho scrum against their weighty opponents. This had the effect of robbing tho game of muoli attractiveness, and fairly nonplussed tho 'Varsity forwards. The Centennial follows aro mostly small and wiry, thoir forwards being much smaller than those of 'Varsity. They play with rare pluck, add are ai fierce as bulldogs, and not to bo shakou off at any prioo. Their defeat of tho Sydney champions is a performance upon which they are to be warmly congratulated. Wal. Cobb played a fino fall-back game for tho Contonnials, and kiokod a magnificent goal from a mark. Woolloy, the contro threo-quartor back of the Centennial team, iB a strong, sturdy, and very promising player. He is cool, kicks finely, takes tho ball very cloan, and rnna fast. Ho did little taokling; so can't Bay whether he is strong in that part of the game. Monto Cook, of the Newoastlo Centennials, who boat 'Varsity on Thursday, is another such player as Georgia Lusk. Same bnild and same style, kioks, marks, tocklos and runs well, and ia a trifle sturdier than tho Pirates' three-quartor. Tho two M'Leans and Watt played splendidly among tho Centennial forwards. Watt is a tall and well-bailt follow, who shone oat in tho open. Ho loafs off-eido among tho halves and three-quarters of his opponents. The M'Lean brothers remind ono of two strong terriers. They are small, bat seem to possess masolas of steel, for thoy nerer tiro, and taokle just like demons. Tho Nowoastle olub aro little, if anything, behind the Sydney cracks, if tho game played by Centennial againBt 'Varsity is a reliablo guide. In future thoy ought to Bond the oraek olub team of their district to Sydney, with perhaps a few eligbt alterations, to repre sent them against tho metropolis. It is very evident that their olub teams are stronger thau the combinations they send down to oom- peto against the Sydney reps. At tho 'Varsity-Centennial match at New castle on Thursday .£33 was taken at tho . gates. Tho expenses were nil. The Petersham team got a bad doing at the hands of the Nowoastle Advance by 17 points to 6 points. Tho Fetes showed fearfully bad form during the first two- thirds of tho game, and wero fairly run over. Afterwards they pulled themselves together and soorod a couplo of tries. On their form in this match Carlton should easily boat them for the Junior Badges this afternoon. Just to show that tho Newcastle Centennials are a pretty sultry team, it may be mentionod that tho 'Varsity fifteen they defeated on Thursday wero as follows : — Rowlands (full back) ; Abbott, Nelson and King (three- quarters) ; H. C. Moses, H. D. Wood and L. Veecb (halvos); Walker, White, Hall, A. Halo, Fitzpatrick, Cox, Joe Woods and Russell (forwards). Tho defeat of tho metropolitan premiers at Newcastle on Qaoen's Birthday was no fluke, and it should be the moau3 of inducing tho ' selection committee in picking teams to repre sent the colony .to look beyond the clubs of Sydney for their men. Thoy may do far worse than go to Nowoastle for some of thetr reps. Football is booming along at Newoastlo. Those managing the brauoh Union at Coalopolie are energetic, and never tired of doing anything likely to assist in popularising Rugby. The 'Varsity forwards weren't in it against ho lighter but moro active Centonnials. Woolley, the Contonnial centre-half, kiaks well. One shot he took at goal, going at good speed about 30yds off, just missod the post. The full- back, W. Cobb, is in splendid form. Would like to have his chance of going to New Zealand with tho N.S.W. reps. Tizzard, captain of Npwcastlo Advance, ia % fast forward, dribbles well, and plays finely in tho open. Tho poor old Potes looked very dead after tho Advance had finiehod with tbem on Thurs day afternoon atNowcastlo. Wondor whothor they'll fool as much out up to-day whon Carlton are dono with them. . In general, Newcastle footballers aro better backs than tho Sydney men. Thoir backB are mostly small Cobbs— not cobs of corn— in this respect. Tho Nowoastle footballers are very much pleasod with thoir representative on tho Rugby Union committco— Mr. J. H. Sander son. Tho defeat of 'Varsity by the Centennials has made tho Randwioks, Wallaroos, and Pirates feel that tho premiership ia not certain to fall to the blue and gold boys this yoar. The Northern Branch Union has sot a vory worthy example to the parent body in tho matter of providing a ground for its olnbs to battle upon for tho promiorship. Tho expense inourred in its laying out is boing rapidly wiped out. Thoy say that Whito, tho Maitland Unitod three-quarter back, is a champion ; little, if at all, inforior to any wing threo-qnarter iu tho oolony. . Footballers should read tho Referee. In its next issue " The Cynio " will comment on tho gamo and its Bnpporters in Newoastlo. 