'We that are Strong.' A NOVEL. By Esme Stdabt. Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' ' Kestellof Greystone,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' Yirginie'e. Husband,' &c;, &c;, &c.; Chapter XII.— LIFE IN A GROOVE. O dull, dull heart ! Sunk in tbc passiveness of dead repose Uprouse thee from thy fancied weight of woes, And bear a nobler part. Canon Haybittle's life was regulated with the ut most precision and with the exception of a few uncertain public meetings, where his vote or his presence was required, you could have told exactly . what he was doing at any definite time of the day. The family breakfast was at 9 o'clock, the Cathedral Service -at 10. A short walk round the Close or garden after service and then retirement in a com fortable study till luncheon time, which was half nadf* 1 A diiiirA nrttli ITa4-4-ot -- — ¥'««».» 4-.lt 4.1 ? _£- ? if «»*? ** ?'? *---._**- nwu jljl_»ll-j UL 1UIM LUL Hits UlXCrUOOU service. at 4 o'clock, tea at a, and after tea another retirement into the study till 7 o'clock dinuer. The rest of the evening was spent in a large arm-chair in Vie drawing-room where Hetty. played a little soft music and red aloud for nalf- an-hour. Inez brought out the backgammon board and played two games. Prayers followed, and everyone went to bed. Canon Haybittle had lived this life for years ; he would bave been wretched had there been any devia tion from it. The old butler was as particular as his master, and he disliked the advent of the young ladies till he discovered they had only come into the life to conform to it. Indeed, after the departure of Inez, Hetty became a willing machine. He had feared again for his beloved routine when Iaez re turned, but to his surprise he found the beautiful young lady no longer inclined towards wilful ways. She, too, ' was become calm as a lamb, leastways a lamb as is calm, Mrs. Sutton,' he added. Mrs. Sutton and Fuller thoroughly understood eich other, and recognised their advantages too well to wi3h to startle the Canon by giving warning. The kitchen maid disappeared periodically, and so did th.e uuder-housemaid, but she, Mrs. Sutton, and Maria, the head housemaid, 6taved on for ever. They, too, became fossils. Their thoughts ever circled round the same topics of weather, the health of the Close in general, and in particular, and what people said outside the Close. In the evening there were long stories of the past, which were new to neither, but courteously listened to as quite original and interesting. To look at the household, especially as it now was, plunged in mourning and floating in crape, thus advertised as not approachable, one might have imagined that there was nothing on earth to prevent this routine from going on for ever. Hetty had been so well broken in by her aunt that her pliable nature had, like a soaked wiliow wand, tiken the required form without much trouble. It seemed to her quite natural to have everything done l.ke clockwork, and to think nothing beyond the ' Life ' of the last Church Divine whose strict orthodoxy and colourless ' Remains ' rendered the record of his length of days suitable reading for Cinon Haybittle. ? Hetty's nature did shrink from books on architecture : but feelings of duty got the better of incl nation, and she read them through with never a yawn and with but few mistakes. Still luez found out that Hetty was not at all enlightened about the various schools of criticism. Her mind was willing to work mechanically without assimi lating its food. Ossification had begun — or so eaid Inez the next day as she came in from the Cathedral, where Basil had again sat opposite to her, and again walked back with her and her grandfather. ' Look here, Hetty, is life to go on like this for ever ? ' 'Oh, Inez darling, what do you mean? Of courae not, but it seems needless to talk of grand father's death when— when poor Aunt Emma is so lately . . . .' ' Don't be conventional, Hetty, please, I mean are we always to waste our minds? ' ' Our minds. I don't think we are idle, indeed you do too much with your head, Mrs. Whitewood said . . . .' ' 'Dnn't. rmnfrfi Mrs. Whitewood. TTettv. she is a. saint I am sure, but she is so narrow and believes that her son is superior too . . .' ' So he is, Inez ; she has often told me that her Basil is not to be matched anywhere.' ' But he is as much of a Philistine as everyone else here.' ' A Philistine ! Oh, Tnez, how funny you are — I am sure he isn't, though I don't quite know what people mean by calling others Philistines,' and Hetty smiled. ' Well, anyhow, do you think we shall always go on like this — we have to live the higher life.' ' Yes, Inez darling, of course, I wish I did, br.t somehow the daily things have to be done— Aunt Emma ...' Inez turned away impatiently. ' I mean the higher mental life. We have all the world before us ; even for the smallest and poorest there is scope.' ' Yes,' said Hetty. She was wondering whether there was a good fire in her grandfather's study, for sometimes Hunter forgot the fire during service time. ' We must make the most of our powers, Hetty, and make others use theirs. You can't imagine what black ignorance reigns around us.' ' Someone was saying that compulsory education ought to do away with that.' ' It does nothing for the higher life, nothing, Hetty ; we are sordid beings, thinking only of bodily wants.' 'You don't want me to leave off ordering dinner, do you ?' laughed Hetty. 'You know, Inez, you are clever, and very, 'very pretty — everybody says so. Tt is a.lmnst. a nitv. hfinnnsn thp. nn« iriffirfprnB nriM. the other.' 'Don't, Hetty. Beauty is nothing, simply nothing, a mere' accident. I might get smallpox to-morrow, and the epidermis ? ' 'What is that?' ' I might become ugly,' said Inez with a sigh. ' Well, you won't catch smallpox — and I think I know someone who — who ? . What did Mr. Whitewood say to you last night ? ' ' I am sure I forget. He does not take life seri ously.' ' Well, I am glad of that. I think wo have enough dear old Canons here who are not rcri/ amus ing. Now Mr. Whitewood always looks pleasant and nice.' ' Don't use that word please, Hetty, it is so very common. The choice epithet, someone said, marks the man, and * nice ' is not choice.'1 ' Anyhow, I wish you would bo more like other girlp, Inez ; when we begin to go out ? ' ' I shall never begin, Hetty ; you must do society.' ' Ob, but you must come with me. If you want to do good to anybody you must meet them.' ' Hetty, do good to anybody ! What a shocking way of talking. It's like a tract.' ' Well, but wasn't that what you meant.' ' Oh, no, you can't understand. People must raise themselves, and when they see how very far they are off from any standard bf perfection, then there is some hope for them.' ' By going more to church, you mean.' ' Going to church ! No.' At that moment Mrs. Whitewood was announced. Inez went off to her own room feeling that she must protest against something or somebody, for she was certainly not understood in this place, and never could be. Mary Whitewood could understand Hetty. Hetty was so loving, so clinging, so easily moulded. If only Basil had set his affections on this sister in stead of on the other. Oh, beauty ! it has much to answer for, she thought and that girl might de velop in any direction, perhaps, most likely in a bad direction: but then — and Mary Whitewood dared not limit the power of God. She might develop m a good and grand manner— who could say ? Mrs. Whitewood, at Basil's request, had come to ask the sisters to join a party of young people start ing to visit a Boman villa lately discovered in a neighbouring village. A very clever friend of the Dean's would explain the various uses of the dis covered fragments and the system of heating the ancient bath6. ' The two girls from the Deanerv are going, and a few others,' added Mrs. White wood. ' Inez would like it, I am sure,' said Hetty, ' but I must diive with grandfather, and we might go round that way, the site will interest him so much.' ' Yes, that is a good idea.' ' But Inez must walk, she enjoys it so much ; and driving with grandpapa is not amusing. I don't mind, you know, dear Mrs. Whitewood, I am so much accustomed to it ; but it is different with luez. Sometimes I think she would have been happier without so much book learning.' As she spoke, Hetty began arranging some flowers, partly to hide her uneasiness aud partly because the flowers ueeded her care. ' Isn't she happy r' '? Oh, I ought not to say that, perhaps. Inez is bo reserved, so hasty ; I wish I could see her really happy.' Hetty looked up at Mrs. Whitewood, aud their e ves met. Both were thinking about the same thing and both hoped the other did not know it. Hetty was hoping that it was true, aud Mary Whitewood was hoping against hope that it would come to nothing. ' Inez will become accustomed to this quiet life, aud wdl find happiuess at last,' she said, trying to comfort Hetty. ' She does not miud the quietness, I wish she did. It's those stupid books she will study so much. I don't think books make our happiness, do you, Mrs. Whitewood ?' ' Hetty knelt down and smiled at her friend. She looked so sweet aud pretty in this attitude that Marv wanted to take her to her heart and cheat herself into the idea that Basil would love this sister and not the other. ' No dear — books alone can do nothing for us. We must bring to all our occupations a mind free from worldly trouble and anxiety.' ' Yes, that is it. Now, Inez — she doesn't say so, but I'm sure of it — is always wanting something she has not got. I dare say she does not even 'know what she does want.' Hetty said these profound words lightly as a babe might, without at all understanding their import: ' We have to find it out 6oouer or later in sub mission to God's will,' said Mary, and then the words pierced her heart. She was not true to her self ; she wanted Basil's happiness before God's will, and at this moment she saw the truth as she pro nounced the falsehood. ' ' t ' It seems so easy,' said Hetty, ' because after all we cannot get away from Him— from God'6 will can we ?' ' ' No dear, we cannot.' Then they separated, Mary dreamily crossing the Close and going iu under the Cathedral passage which led her out again to her own door. She would have given much, yes, a year of her life, if she might have avoided this meeting of Basil and Inez. He would then most likely have loved Hetty, dear, sweet Hetty. As she said' this again to herself there was the consciousness that Inez was made of sterner stuff, and that if once the proud spirit could bo brought low, out of that abasement might come a saint. But there was a wide chasm between Inez as she was aud Inez as she might be, and Mary could not accept the possibility. She had believed in her own resignation to God, but now she saw herself going back to human reasoning. She said, 'It is impossible, even love caunot make Inez such a wife as my Basil ought to have.' This was the point to which she returned. She had slept till early morning, knowing she must try and face it. Basil she saw had never been like this before, his eyes had never had that look which Mary knew by intuition, not by knowledge. She called her mother's love grander and deeper, Ies9 selfish, but she . easily saw the difference between the two loves. Basil loved her with a deep true love, but this new passion was a love which inspired poets, and was the theme of writer*. To Mary it seemed as if they were all mistaken. Surely the mother's love was infinitely the highest and noblest. ***** Basil organised the party, and was the life of it. There were six of them. The barrister learned in Roman antiquities, two of the Dean's daughters, Inez, and Mrs. Whitewood. Inez went because Hetty implored her to do so., apd by the time they were well on their way, with a bright winter sun shining, and a lovely, soft wintry haze which merely added beauty to the landscape, her young spirits rose. Her studies had been difficult this morning. Studies in moral philosophy and natural science are easier when ex plained by a clever friend than when unravelled alone. She missed Marie Hirsch's lucid analysis, but she would not be daunted. She wanted to strengthen her mmd, and this was the onlv way she knew of to attain her object. The young Stanmore girls clung round their idol, and Basil found he had very little opportunity of a private talk, but he liked to look at her, and when there was a chance of displacing the girls it was the barrister who seized it and tried to draw the beautiful girl out of her very decided reserve. The young man was very clever but not too clever to admire such a r\a**fn/%l £,*nn K *\X7Via mam V.-.l« H. O?J __.*J _____ T* ? *1 |/i--.aw-li jlcluc;. ,r nv trail ucim it* . oulU puul X-aSu. ' If she loved she would not flirt. That is not her character. Such a woman raises the whole sex. Because a few such exist, the rest are spared.' The barrister's point of view differed materially. ' With more animation and coquetry she would be dangerous— as it is she is too severe, but ah ! I seo this young man has already succumbed. In truth Basil made but a bad actor. He hovered round luez, till having reached the villa— a wild spot among gently swelling downs — he was at last rewarded. ' You don't care about ' reniaius ' do you,' Basil began. ?? If you come a few steps further ou you will see a view of Helstone, which surpasses all the art which the llomans could give us.' She obeyed, she was accustomed now to obey mechanically, .ill the more readily, because mentally sae always protested against any submission. The two stood on the grassy hill and gazed at Uio view of the Cathedral seen through four miles of atmosphere. The delicacy and force combined were very impressive. ' It is very beautiful,' she said, lookiug up with— to him — a new wonderful child-hke smile—' if it meant anything. ' Basil laughed. ?| Meant anything ! It uieaus ages of thought. Think of the centuries of cultivation, of impressions handed ou by the race for generations, to have at last produced that.' ' To have produced such a small result.' ' Well, you have still larger views.' ' Yes— when each living man, not only a race or a generation shall have made the most of himself, theu we;may be proud of ourselves and our humanity.' ' In the meantime . . . .' Inez detected the slightly satirical tone of the young man, whose learning, which was really wide, was yet a thing apart and had not touched the real self, the self that was brave, fearless, boyish, and naturally inclined to reverence because naturally humble. The girl saw only one side, the side of slight satire and at once became reserved. ' In the meantime one follows the multitude.' ' No, you do not. I cannot imagine you like any one else.' The earnestness of the compliment touched Inez as nothing else would have done. Some natures re quire praise to make them understand themselves. ' I am trying so hard to be like other people, so that is a poor compliment,' aud once again the girl nature broke forth in a clear, joyous laugh, ' If my aunt had lived I should have succeeded, but eveu now, for Hetty's sake, I mean to persevere.' *'But why not be yourself, Miss Desallioud? I am afraid I can understand no other course; be sides it is easiest.' t 1 'P011'* vou ? Tne.n tow shall I seem to you when I tell you that sometimes I don't know which self is myself ! If I Cjuld find it out how glad I should \- ' The most perfect machinery is often the most simple, but I speak as a man, you as a woman. What really matters in life is not so much what we think but whether we have 6omcone who believes in us enough to accept our views in toto and value them because they are ours, no matter how little they agree with theirs.' ' That would be impossible.' ' Do you think so ? I don't.' ' But would it not irritate us a little.' 'Why should it . . . . ? No two persons can agree on all points. Given a few large principle _^ ? say truth, straightforwardness, loyalty, the rest may Cauon Haybittle's carriage drove up at this mo ment and Hetty'B smiling facs nodded to the pair. Her little romance was shaping itself. If only Basil Whitewood would become really fond of Inez — she half believed it was so, he looked at her in such a strange manner— that indeed would be delightful. Inez a happy wife would be quite another person, and— and .... Hetty's heart jumped for joy, for it is quite as interesting to young people to be match makers as it is to their elders, and fife has such endless ?probabilities. But the two had to join the rest of the party ; . Roman remains had to be explained. Basil threw himself into the subject with that power of enjoying things which specially characterised him. He was, moreover, supremely hsppy; Inez had honoured him, trusted him with her thoughts. What more might he not expect in the future ? Chapter XIII.— THE AWAKENING. In my night the stars have risen, And I wait the dawn of day. ' My delicious child, I am longing to take you into society. The world will be fascinated by your beautiful eyes. They are the sort of eyes poets write sonnets about. I had the dreamy eyes. All their beauty is gone now. It is very ead to see youth flyiog so speedily wheu one has had so little enjoy ment. But I was forgetting I have heard from my dear Countess — another of those angels who make us dream of heaven. Yes, Inez, beauty is the only power on earth.' Inez was sitting by Mr3. Findlay's couch, wonder ing how it was that once she had thought her so charming. This nonsense now made her cross, but she felt it would be ungrateful to betray her slightly contemptuous feelings in her answer. ' Ouc caunot hslp being pretty or ugly, so why do people think so much of it ? ' ' What barbarism ! Inez, I l)3seech you, cherie, don't become English. Beauty is eo rare. Charles was attracted by my beauty ; lie was so much in love, ah, so much, but that feeling soon passes away in a husband. No, Inez, make the most of your beait.i: yen.'', my child, and don't, for the sake of heaven, don't become a blue stocking.' ' But you like the fashion ! Ignorance is not fashionable now, and I want — I want to attain — to something.' Inez could say this to Mrs. Findlay, because she felt so sure she could not understand her. It was almost like speaking one own thoughts to oneEelf. 'Ah! I was forgetting. That dear Countess never forgets, and she is sending me a boubonniere for my etrennes. Christmas is coming, and Christ mas is a very dull time in England. Charles will talk of flannel — or he used to do so in his parish. It is so nice not having a parish now, for you see, Inez, a Canon is not so much mixed up with poor people.' Inez hardly* heard this remark ; she was thinking out another train of thought. ' One is so much a slave of custom in England. For instance, we are in mourning for Aunt Emma, but I am not a bit sorry she is dead.' 'Hush, dear, people would say you had no heart,' sighed Mrs. Findlay, putting her slender finger on her lips. ' ' If one does not comply with these little regulations the English are so much shocked.' ' No heart ! Oh, Mrs. Findlay, I don't know if I have any, or— or too much.' 'You dear, original child! Whatever you do, d( n't have too much. It is that misfortune that has ruinsd my life. Charles is English. He has no con ception of a woman's deep sensibility, none what ever.' i 'Why did you 'marry him ?' said Inez, a little impatiently ; she was young enough to be direct' in her questions. 'Because I was a child, I was like you, a beauti ful child, and I never reasoned.' Inez rose. No, she was not like Mrs. Findlay, though some day she might become like her, worldly, heartless, vain ! at present she could reason — so she thought. 'Now sit down, my dear, tell me, is it true. Hetty says you are studying philosophy ! It sounded so shocking ! if the men hear of it they will never wish to marry you.' ' But I don't want to marry, Mrs. Findlay. What is marriage? you don't recommend it very much.' ' Woman's destiny, my dear— a lottery and all ? that— but look at the old maids ! Think what your pooraunt became, dry, methodical, without sympathy, no heart, no passion. Now, if you could see the Countess! How could I -tempt her here, but she has a singular dislike to an English clergyman. Look at this little scented note. It breathes the Countess — it really does. She is like the odour of violets. She tells me that a mutual friend will bring *'iue the bonbouniere. I havn't an idea who it is, but for one happy moment I fancied it was herself. How should I make the Close understand her ? Mrs. Whitewood, for instance. Eiitrc nous, Inez, Mrs. Whitewood gives me the spleen.' « Why ?' ' I don't know, _My nerves are irritated by — by si much — what shall I say? — so much saintliness. But, her son now ; I really like him. He is a good fellow, even though the other day he was angiy with me.' ' Angry ?» ' Yes. I said women were all like ripples on the water, they changed with the slightest motion. I thought the likeness was poetical, but he suddenly became quite bourgeoois. Women were saints and angels, such as least deserved the name. Ali,mon ami, I said to myself, you are in love ! It is only when a young man has seen the first angel that he admires the wings ; after that he knows they are merely made for flight.' Inez remembered certain looks, and there was a . little feeling of strange wonderment in her heart ; but she put the idea away from her. Love must be conquered as well as other tendencies. She could love, of course ; she hardly dared think how much. The Spanish element rose to the surface when she thought how she could love, but it must never be ; it would mean giving up all the noblest ideals of her new life. How could she go against her many p!ans and intentions for the future ? Besides, she must find her master, otherwise how could she love what was ... below her, and where was he ?' ..'?'*' The drapery of her simple dress fell in soft folds around her. The black band round her throat made the whiteness of her neck more noticeable. She looked down on Mrs. Findlay, and her strange blue far-seeing eyes made the lady feel uncomfortable. ' My dear, don't look like that ; are you dream ing of angels with wings ? You won't find them anywhere but in dreams.' ' I was wondering how one could be oneself.' ' Now, that is strange ! I am always wishing to be someone else. I envy the Countess— sucb. a life she has ! — she is surrouuded by elegant society, by men who have da V esprit. Women who- have -a power of touching a subject lightly. Here in Eng land, my dear Inez, rous ccrasez ks idies by your heavy words.' Inez smiled at the light language and went away, forgiving Mrs. Fiudlay her sins, so easily are we moved from like to . dislike, from disgust to plea sure. Mrs. Findlay, after all, had the power of saying amusing things, for with her life was always fcerio-comic Outwardly the daily life in the Close had gone on for a fortnight in the Eame routine. Each day, in fact, varied infinitely, because the mind varies more than most people imagine. Each -day it wakes up to new battle, now victories or new defeats. In youth the whole' is viewed- with magnifying glasses I it is the want of proportion, the failure to see the distance between us and the near precipice which often makes us take the fatal leap, and the excuse is that the pit was close beside us, and that we had no choice. The cry for help is so seldom heard by the busy pas3ers by, and despondency is easy. One day, at the end of that fortnight, Inez sud denly started up and threw her books across the room. She had rebelled — study became hateful to her. ' What's the use of it all ?' she exclaimed, ' What am I studying for, what will come after life, is there anything to come ? Marie Hirsch said, ' Make the best of the present.' I can't, I can't even do thafc' She folded her arms tightly and walked up1 and down, a lovely picture if it could have been seen. The despised book lay on the floor of the quaint bedroom she had chosen for her own. There was a rude staircase j st outside the passage leading to a loft chamber, which, chamber was said to contain a walled up room, the tomb of the ghost monk. The mice ran about at night and made strange noises above- There was one great rose window in the gable seen from the loft exhibiting the conventual architecture of past ages waen the ecclesiastical kitchen sheltered sub stantial monks. The stairs up to the loft, mere wooden steps, lei Inez to an -enchanted land. When she wanted to take in a new idea she clambered up this ladderlike ascent and paced the dusty gloomy -floor, gazing absently through the cobwed covered window. This induced a peaceful state of mind, which was delicious, and at such times she would willingly have conversed with the ghost had he given her the chance. In deed, she often held imaginary conversations with him, and at this moment she was saying — ?' Why don't you appear to me instead of to silly souls who are afraid of you 'i I want to see you, you old ghost.' ' What do you want of me ? ' She seemed to hoar him say as she gazed at him. He was dressed in black, and from beneath his great hood his coal black eyes flashed anger at the modern maiden. 'I wautt) know about this after life. What is it? Ts it anything ? Why have you never returned to tell us ? Tell me, tell me.' 'Life in death.' ' I know that or you would not be here, but is it nothing more than senseless feeling ?' ' Senseless feeling.' ' No, no, you lie, I know it is more than that ; or is it nothing? ' 'It is nothing.' ' That is false also — you want to frighten us and mike us waste our precious time. Time never, never returns. That is the only truth.' 'The only truth.' 'Is that all you can tell me ?? ' ' All I can tell you.' And to-day Inez threw herself on a great heap of ancient carpets put away by order of Aunt Emma in case pieces were needed, recognising that you can get nothing from a spirit but what you put into its mouth. ' I cannot get out of myself, even through imagi nation. This grinding away at philosophy, when the \- end is uncertain, is so hopeless. Oh, if only Marie were here!' Then she eat on and on, leaning her head upon her hands till she heard Hetty's voice from below. 'Inez!' was she beginning to love Hetty less? The idea was dreadful, but Hetty was getting so strangely coirect and methodical. She made her feel impatient— anyhow Hetty should not come up to her city of refuge so she ran down to her. Hetty looked quite soft and pretty as Inez opened the door, and Inez repented of her impatience. She kissed her in silent .reparation, ' Well, dear, what is it ? ' ' Have you forgotten, Inez, grandpapa is ready ; D-'- make haste, for he can't bear being kept waiting, and I have no boots on.' Iuez had forgotten her duty. She threw on her fur cloak and put on her hat, while Hetty searched for her gloves. ' How tiresome grandpapa's daily drive is, I have to find conversation,' murmured Inez. ' I always find plenty to say. You must try to amuse him with little things, Inez.' ' Amuse him ! He likes to talk about the good which the Church Association does to the Church in feneral. I can't understand what they are all ghting about ; it is so stupid and petty.' ' Oh, I do — Graudpapa has often told me ; but don't wait now, Inez ; I hear him calling.' ? She hated that solemn drive, during which she strove to find something to say, and which ended often in a monologue from the old Canon, who dis coursed in a slow, even fashion about his youthful days and the friends he had met with and those he had lost, as if Inez knew them all. Hetty positively like! it, thought Inez sadly, and can remember by name all the people in the old home at Westgrove when there had been a family place now pulled down. Inez, among much matter that did not interest her, now and then picked up precious crumbs about her own mother ; but here again she tound little to guide her, the likeness to Hetty being apparent and to herself not at all visible. The deep mourning they wore prevented calls, so that the carriage went dreamily on through country lanes or along high down roads where the winds of heaven blew fresh and free, making the girl raise her head and drink in the air with new joy. To-day they went on the high down road which stretched for miles along the elevated tableland, varied by bills and valleys and a thousand beautiful spots and varying tints of light and shade. Canon Haybittle's power of enjoyment seemed to be too much dried up to have any beautiful thoughts about nature left to him. He was recalling the beginning of the Tractarian movement and all the causes which led up to it. and to Newman's secession to the Roman faith. He unfolded the reasons in good order and without any undue haste to show Inez that the Church had not much advanced in spite of the energy of the last 60 years, and the girl listened to all these discourses with a «ort of dull despair, finding no interest anywhere. She did not even hear half what her grandfather was saying fora new feeling was filling .her brain — .—she -ofir not understand it herself— a nevrjoy which she felt without knowingit*-caiise. The great down seemed to open its arms to her as to a prodigal, the poetry of earth wrapped her round, a new light flooded the space about her. Why had she been shutting herself up with philosophy when she could not understand the_poetry of living and .... Because she was glad she whispered to herself The leaves are sere, and on the ground The.v niBtle with an eerie sound, A sound half whisper and half sigh, The plaint of sweet things fain to die- ? , Fetor things for which tio ruth is found, ? 'With summer ence the land was crowned ; But, now that autumn scatters round Decay and summer fancies die, The leaves aie sere. ' My dear Inez, I think it is getting late ; tell Bates to turu round, we will return home by the lower road, Inez ? ' Inez started. ' Yes, grandfather.' ' We had better turn back, my dear— are you dreaming ?' Inez laughed. ' I believe I was dreaming. It is such a lovely day. The winter sunshine is the most beautiful of all sunshine, I think. - It seems to bring joy to even the brown beauty of our grass.' ' I prefer the sunshine that has a warmer glow in in it,' said Canon Hay bittle. 'This' is a very steep ' road, but it is shorter.' The Canon had hardly spoken when there was a sudden shock, the horse shyed, and then Inez found'.. herself at the bottom of a steep bank. A shaft had broken, this had frightened the usually placid horse.'' The coachman was thrown off the box to the road and Inez down the bank. Canon Haybittlfi had re mained in the carriage, but he had been thrown so violently forward that his knee was very much hurt, and he was looking dreadfully pale. Inez feeling only a little shaken was soon by his side, and her . anxiety was not feigned. Pain and suffering at once called' up all that was sweetest and best in her nature. The horse was standing still and the coach - mm was soon trying to see if he could remedy the . evil. ' Grandpapa, where are you hurt ? ' ' I fear my knee is bruised, my dear, but nothing can be done till we get home. Bates . . .' Bates was beside himself with sorrow, and he had to acknowledge that he must take the horse out and go quickly on to Helstone. Here all was silent and lonely, no help to be had for this down road was not much frequented in winter time, except on market days when a few slow carriers' carts rolled by. 'Be as quick as you can, Bates, and order a close fly for grandfather. Tell Miss Hetty not to be frightened, and to send for the doctor. Make haste.' Then the two were left alone, and Inez left her dreams and tried to do all she could for her grand father, who was evidently suffering considerable pain with that silent dignity which now struck Inez for the first time as really- grand, and not belonging to the modern order of mind. ' He is so much accustomed to bs waited upon and to have everything he wants done for him -at once, and yet now when he is really suffering grandfather is brave.' Inez had a way of suddenly finding out virtues in others which had they been pointed out to her would have made no impression upon her. ' The afternoon service —I forgot to tell Bates about warning the verger . . .' murmured the Cinon. ' .'.?'?? ' They will sx-n know. If only I could do some th ng now, dear grandpapa'; put your foot up higher.' Inez now thought her grandfather was a hero as great as any in history. ' Don't be alarmed, my dear, on these occasions, as there is nothing but patience possible, it is best to wake use of all one has.' ' You are very brave, Graudpapa.' The Canon wxs suddenly sensible that these words of praise from his beautiful, if wilful, granddaughter were by no means displeasing to him. Indeed, he felt quite touched by her anxiety for him. ' You are very kind, my dear; I hope you are pot suffering yourself from your recent fall.' ' Not a bit ; at first I felt a little shaken — but a knee is such a troublesome thing to hurt.' ' We do not choose our calamities. They are in wiser hands than ours.' Then Inez wondered why such things did happen, . and why chance played us such tricks. How could they be ordained by a kind Father ? It was impos sible, Marie Hirsch had said ... ' Grandpapa, there is a carriage coming. Bates has been quick— no, it is not a fly,- but Canon White wood's brougham.' Inez remembered at this moment that she had said the clergy ought to have no carriages, but the sight of this one gave her immense comfort, for the feeling of unexplained joy still clung round her. What did it all mean ? The first thing it meant was the pulling up of Canon Whitewood's coachman aud the sight of Basil him self jumping out. His arm was still in a sling, so he could not do much for the Canon, but he came for ward to explain that as he was driving out with his father he had met Bates and the horse. Canon Whitewood had at once volunteered to walk home, and sent on Basil. The coachman was soon helping Inez to get her grandfather into the brougham while Basil held the horse. The pain must have bsen excessive, for it caused the old man to utter a low exclamation. Inez was all tenderness,' and tears were in her eyes when at last Basil came to the door. ' ' It will not take long to get home. Don't distress yourself, Miss Desallioud.' Basil knew now he was right. Inez was transformed into a still more angelic being ; this tenderness, the tears in the blue eyes, made him still more certain of the fact that here was a woman nobly planned if ever there was one. ' Please come too. You must not walk home,' she said, for he was shutting the door. ' I shall be m the way.' Their eyes met. Was that the meaning of the joy ? Her heart gave a strange wild leap. ' No, come please, grandfather looks faint.' He got in, and they drove off quickly. Basil also could be as tender as a woman. He arranged the rug so as to support the injured knee, but all the while he was conscious of but one fact. There had been a dawn of consciousness in the eyes , of the woman he loved. He knew his mother did not agree with him, for the perfect love that joined the mother and son made their thoughts known almost before they were spoken ; but, then, bis mother did not know Inez. Only a love such as his could penetrate through the little extravagant speeches and the proud reserve to the real beauty beneath it all. A loving, pure-souled woman, beautiful to look upon and as beautiful in character. 'Oh, lyric love, half angel and half bird,' he mur mured mentally in his new eostacy ; for has not Browning alone been able to pierce through every affectation of poets and go to the heart of things, to the very core of love in the noblest and highest form, in that all sufficient devotion that no obstacle could rebuff, no trial prove too great ? Basil's love was rare ; its intensity measured by nothing base, nothing low — worship certainly ; but the worship of the ideal blending with the real, which purifies all earthliness, has inspired great deeds, and which, like some foreign plants, has its root in heaven and its flowers on earth. ... j_ Was it because of its greatness that without any intentional will power the mind of Inez had been constrained to turn towards it, compelled to acknow ledge it was enfolding her with joy such as she had never felt before, making the awakening of this new sense a marvel undreamt of in her previous existence. She was like a perfect creation, just imbued with life over whom the enchanter bad waved his wand, and had bidden the soul to awake and the eyes to open . upon this fairy vision of perfect love. What bad worked this miracle ? When science can show that the wild dreams of poets are trie, that the wnl power of the world is the great motive power of life, it will prove that this will power had its prior existence in the ' God 6pake,' and thus inherited by the sons of God lives and grows— though often stifled by the material— into an all-conquering force. This surely was the fruit of Hesperides — this the golden apple of discord— this the magic of the ancients— the kingdom of the will— the force which causes love to blossom where nothing else previously grew— the force which makes men and women follow one leader above all others for right or wrong, and which lasts till a stronger than he takes possession of the standard. A whole undiscovered field of science, a whole new world waiting for its Columbus, but during the wait* ing time existing in its beauty primeval, as did America of old, and in many parts displaying for the sake of wild or ignorant natives luxurious growth, waving palm trees, and flowers of exquisite hues, and also many a poisonous herb. (To be continued.) 