HIS SECOND WIFE. \- chapter;‘in;— (Continued) ■■ Beatrice was'.' thoroughly vexed when-the girl said she wanted, to leave, as the ■ hahv had got so used to her. Her husband lifted his,head from the letter he was writing as she entered the library, jmd ;apec uIiaf look c.amein t obis face! “ Perhaps she has been quarrelling with some of the other servants,” he said. “ No, it is not that; I asked her. Besides, she knows too little of their language to be able to have a war of words with them. She can only just manage to make herself under stood, and I have always thought she seemed to get on remarkably well with the rest of the household. She cried when she told me she wanted to go away, and looked so pale and ill. .She must . be home sick, though she did not seem to mind leaving her family at the time. You can speak Italian so much better than 1, Cecil dear, I do wish yon would talk to her, and find "out what she means.” Beatrice’s voice was full of perplexity. The fair face looked flushed and worried. Cecil drew her tohis.-side and kissed her. “Certainly I will, my darling, only don’t look so troubled., I dare say there are as good nurses any day to be ha,d.”. “It is not that I blind tlie trouble of getting another, only she is so fond of Arthur, and seems to be up to her duties. I should be afraid to trust him with any one else, though Nell, says she cannot think how I can have a foreigner, and more especially an Italian, as nurse to him. She says they are so very treacherous ; but I am sure Gelda is not.” “ Well, I have thought my self, Beatrice, that an English woman would have been better! only you have always seemed to like and trust this girl, so I made no objection to her re turning with us. Suppose you send her to me, dear, and I will see what is the matter,” Cecil added, soothingly. Bea trice departed relieved. She had great faith in her husband’s tact and judgement. The appearance of the Italian girl, as she entered the library a few minutes later,' took Mr. Fernleigh somewhat by sur , prise. Her usually comely rosy face was white and drawn, themerry black eyes swollen and red- with weeping, and there was a scared, frightened look about her, which made her an object of compassion to her kind-hearted master. “ Gome here, Gelda,” he said, gently, in Italian. “ Sit down and tell me what this is 1 hear about your wishing to leave us. Are/you not happy here, that you wish to return to Italy ?” Poor Gelda put. her apron up to her eyes and burst into tears. “ Now, Gelda', this will not do ; dry your eyes like a good girl, and tell me what is’the. matter.” Cecil’s tone was authoritative, though kind. “ Have you been quar relling with you fellow-ser vants ?” “ No.” Gelda shook her head. Presently she lifted her face, white and scared, and seemed listening ' intently. “ Oh, signor !” she said-at last, “hear it! The dreadful sound! /Holy mother protect me !” and she crossed; lierself in terror. . Then' she- drew nearer. to: her- :masteiy and went on, ’’inV a j hoarse, low whisper, “ It is that which dri ves me. away. . Days ago I heard it,- but was rtlrtiid to tell, for it is a death warning.” She shivered. “ Yesterday I was in the nursery, which the signor knows looks out on. to the terrace, and I heard it again. I put my head out to see where it came from and it sounded over my head, on the roof of the house. Looking suddenly upwards I beheld the most fearful face I have ever seen, gazing down upon me with awful piercing eyes. As I still remained looking at the apparition in speechless fear, thing—whether human or not I cannot tell—gave another discordant shriek into my very ears, and then suddenly disap peared. Full of horror, I ran and told the housekeeper, but she did not seem to think ,much_o£_my- - tale^ She -only said I hadseen the -ghost of Fernleigh Dene, which ap-, peared to every.-new-comer to the house, and that I must not mind, for it would not. hurt me. But, oh, signor ! I must go ! It is a warning of death from the other world,” And once more Gelda crossed her self devoutly, whilst her tears flowed afresh. .Upon the face of Cecil Fernr leigh, as he listened to/ the girl’s tale, had come once more the look of agony, and he stifled a groan, as he said, hurriedly : “In think, Gelda, you are laboring under a mis take. Depend upon it one of your fellow-servants has been playing you a trick to frighten you ; we have no ghosts at Fernleigh Dene—would to Heaven we had!” he had almost said. "To be Continued.] ... 