THBSToRXTbLL&R; J [?] LMMJJMaM . BY " \ JLAN HIDDLEMA5S SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOU3 CHAPTERS. CnArTERS I. xxd Part of II. — Sir Louis Dunraven of Aboyne Court, has two nephews, Clement Dun- raven and Pierce Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to marry Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, ana makes it a condition oi him leaving him his property that he should propose to her at once. He consents, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan, who is in love with Gertrude, determines that he will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentally finds a note in the following terms : " Dearest Clem,— Thanks for your darling note. I will meet you at the usual place on Tuesday at dusk— Beta." CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) The first individual to whom Clement apoke, after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marcia, was his ancle. 44 I am late," he said, 44 but if you knew the cause you would not blame me." 41 Bah !" answered the old man, pettishly, ' yon have always some trifling excuse. To night's proposal is the first consideration in the world — for you." Thus snubbed, Clement did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. He only bent his head, and walked away with an expression on his face that scarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made the circuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tances as he passed them, and finally found himself at the side of Lady Gertrude Vers choyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, much to the annoyance of Pierce Vaughan, whose dance was just about to begin. For another quarter of an hour until that gallop was ended, Clement must wait, then she would give him the next dance. It was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him —it was the supper valse. Pierce Vaughan scarcely had a fascinating or interesting partner, fpr Lady Gertrude did not appear to understand wh«t he was saying, and answered him so vaguely and wildly that he could have imagined that she had suddenly gone demented, had he not had more than a suspicion that the coming of Clement Dun- raven was accountable for her pre-ocoupa- tion. And because of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce hated his cousin with a fierce and hitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the piece ot paper signed by Beta, that had lain under the old tree in the wood. At last the ordeal of this dance, which gave pleasure to neither, was over, and Lady Gertrude's tiny well-gloved hand was quiver ing with excitement as it rested on Clement Dunraven's arm. If he had loved her. his whole frame must have vibrated with the emotion under which she was laboring. But though loving words were on his lips, and from long practice in a wooer's art, his eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement Dunraven's heart was unmoved. Had she cared for him less, or been more accustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to discover this, while as it was, she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. 41 How beautiful you are," he said, look ing into her eye3. 41 1 have always thought so, but to-night — to-night you surpass yourself. That gown suits you to perfec tion." 14 Is it not rode to make remarks on per sonal appearance ?' she asked, laughing, and trying to appear thoroughly at her ease. " You would not think it rude if you knew my motives," he replied, so seriously that she was staggered, but she still made au effort at banter, 44 That won't do," she said ; 44 motives are such horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings." 41 Is it a shortcoming to admire you des perately, and to — love you ?" he asked. The last word came out with a gasp which gave it an emotional point for which his inm©3t feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Delane had called it a shroud. There was silence for a second or two ; she was battling with her feelings, trying to still her throb bing heart. He— well, it were better, per haps, to throw a veil over what he really felt. What he said, when with a mighty effort he compelled himself, was — 4 4 Will you be my wife V She did not speak at once ; she was too happy to give her pleasure words, but at last a faint 44 Yes'' came from her pretty, pouting lips, and she raised her eyes to his face to meet such a look of sadness in his, that she shrank before his gaze. 44 Oh, why do you look so sadly at me ?" she asked. 44 Did I look sad ? Do not be frightened ; I was only wondering whether I was worthy of3 yon — whether you would be really happy if you shared my lot." 44 1 am not afraid." 44 No, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very brave; yet you do not know me." 44 Not know you, Mr Dunraveu ; it seems I have known you all my life." 44 Does a woman ever know the inner life of any man ?" She laughed. 44 1 have enough belief in you not to be afraid of your inner life." 44 You will take me on faith and marry me without investigation?" 44 You are only teasing me ; 1 don't be lieve there is anything to investigate. - One would think you were a murderer or forger to bear you talk, apd if you were " 44 If I were?" " Well— it would be very difficult for on to hate you.' "Thanks." _ Then again there was a Bhort silence. He had given her a loophole for escape, but she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If. she had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not have blamed him, but she accepted, so he must smile on her and try to look the happinesB she was feeling. They had never thought of dancing, and Were sitting by this time in a small boudoir, which was next to the supper -room. One or two people peeped in at the door and went away smiling, but no one ventured to intrude. They were virtually a!one, or at all events believed themselves to be so. Clement Dunraven had always been con sidered an adept in the art of love-making but to-night he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion as though he were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now, since he had asked her to marry him and she had accepted his proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had asked Lady Gertrude Verschoyle to be his wife? Ay, it was absolutely true, for he stole his arm round her slight waist, and drawing her close to him, he imprinted a lingering ki«s on the full red lips, and she did not resist hini as she assuredly would have done had Bhe not felt that she was his very own That kiss seemed to revive some of the siumberi&g; passion in Clement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a sense of how beau tiful Lady Gertrude really was. 44 You are too good for me, my darling,'1 he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown; 44 how lovely you are, to> angeli cally lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the luokiest dog in the country, to have wou a being so fair as you are." And the arm rormui ner tigniened, until < she felt as if she were in a vice. 4 4 And I the luckiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven," she replied, laughing, and trying to free her self from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she was a little distressed. 44 1 must not fright9U my birdie," he whispered a little apologetically, 44 but you should not he so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude." She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. 44 Then you do love me, Clement ? . Don't ! talk to me about myself, but about your love. Is it really true and fast ; will it endure for all our liveB? You will, never neglect me or grow cold to me, as some men do to their wives ?" A dark expression came over Clement Dun- raven's face like a cloud. But before he oould answer Bhe went on — 44 Ah, I have offended you. I was wrong : I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me." 44 Sweet one, who could be false to you? The man who could make you suffer is a brute." ! 44 You will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well ; you will shield me from danger and suffering." 44 Ay, will I, dearest, to the fullest extent of my power. If unhappiness comes to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault." She laid her hand in his. 44 1 believe you," she said, "and I "will trust you always because I know that you love me. Tell me that you love me." 44 I love you— yes — I love you," he re peated, but there was but little romance in his voice. That did not trouble her, however ; she was as happy as the birds in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, her own, her very own. Lord Melbqry would be pleased, Sir Louis ' would be pleased, but none of them as pleased as . she herself, she thought, as she sat there, close to Clement's side, dreaming rather than talking of her futnrediappiness. . , .Hours of the iutensest pleasure end at last, however. Two men interested in a Knotty point at Whist began to argue the matter out ; at the door of the boudoir ; another moment and they would probably come in to ex emplify their meaning by the .help of some cards which lay oh the' table. One more hurried fervent kiss and the newly -betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so they had to pass the boudoir win dow, whioh was open. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh ai-r and looking out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives __ have known f But they passed on to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on, too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate ; whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, who shall say ? For the moment Lady Gertrude's stat seemed to be in the ascendaut, for was she not Clement Dunraven's promised wife ? Ae ; she had predicted, Lord Melbuty smiled his gratified assent, and Sir Louis was so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feel ings under control. 44 You have done well, my boy, splendidly well," he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. 44 A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you «h»H have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be the master. It won't be long, Clement, it won't be long." It was in ordet to be master of Aboyne Court and its income that Cieme&t; had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of j jy that rose in his heart when he knew that he had won the trick While the Ganoes were standing : , Sir Louis. PieroeVaughaucame up with M iss Elvira Delane. They had just been dancing together. Elvira took in the situation at a glance, and whispered to Lady Gertrude. 4i How does a woman feel when she has won? You Bhall give me your experience to-morrow. When I have heard them 1 shall either congratulate or condole." Pierce Vaughan said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened; on the contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beueath his calm, inexpressive demeanor there lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge and haired of which neither his uncle nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force, and from whioh dainty Lady Gertrude herself would suffer more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night whioh would be productive of much fruit. What matter to . Sir Louis, who rubbed his hands and chuokled over his work, if the berries, to be culled from it here after would be often nauseous and evendeadly to the taste. Pierce Vaughan, at odds with life, 6ince he saw no chance of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's band or theinheritance he had more than half expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have ere now been hindered . He would cool his fevered brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As be strode along he felt as if being pur sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no believer in ghosts, yet he was desperately in clined to think that there was one near him at that moment. He walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in whioh he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud, and suddenly and unexpectedly he and and his pursuer saw each other as in full day. She was a woman, clad in a long, black cloak, whioh concealed her form, but. her face t /. he/ oould never forget; if he ever her . again he should know her. He had no time to make acquaintance as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. CHaPTER HI. — Box on Girl. On the outskirts of tne town of Coleshill, about four miles from Aboyne Court, there was a picturesque old cottage stauding in a wild garden. It had once been a dairy farm, but evil times had come and the meadows and Cows had been sold one by one, until nothing wob left but the cottage itself and the garden round it, which from want of tillage was not very productive. Old Farmer Glendinning had lived there and his father before him foe many years — it was his freehold. He would not sell the roof from over his head, he said, but just starve there until the end came . it oould not be far off sinc6he had long 44 passed the allotted age oi three score years and ten." Starvation, too, it was both for himself and his granddaughter, Lisbeth, but he did not consider her in the matter. As long as he had his pipe and she ministered to his crea ture comforts, as weil as she could, aocording to the means she had at command, he was satisfied. Lisbeth was an orphan, living on his charity . if it were not for him she would be iu the workhouse, he told the neighbors, if ever they expostulated with him about the dreariness of the girl's life; and the neces sity to make some provision for her future ; but no one interfered with the Glendinnings and their affairs. The old man was deaf, it was very difiioult to make him understand, and Lisbeth did not- en courage gossip or interference. She was what the townsfolk called 44 a stand-off, up start minx, with nothing to boast of but a few good looks, which sooner or later would bring her to ruin." It was quite true that Lisbeth possessed beauty far surpassing the average given to women, and the prophecy that it would nnncr KAT tt\ rum ton ct aqIIAII #/rfh K«r fVm -font that she declined to bestow herself on Will Mathers, the well-to-do son of the principal draper in Coleshill, and had also re fused a very genteel young chemist who had lately come to settle there. What the girl wanted no one conld guess, but that she was an arrant fool, they aU agreed. For if she thonght that old Josh Glendinning had a pile of sovereigns tied up in an eld stocking, she waa much mis taken. He had dribbled away all his patri mony long ago. Lisbeth, however, heeded no remarks that reached her, and kept herself as much away from the townsfolk as possible, never going into UoleBhill, except when she was forced to do so, to buy some of the frugal fare by which she and old Josh managed to keep body and soul together. Of late she had gone still less into the town, having sent a little girl, the daughter of some pour people who lived near, to do her errands, thus bringing down upon herself a still greater avalanche of remarks, as the question passed from mouth to mouth querying whether the Glendmnincs had had & fortune left them. For the la9t week everyone had been far too much taken up with Lady Marcia Fol- jainbe'B ball to give muoh heed to Lisbeth auc her affairs, and lucky for h6r that it was so. for events iu her life were arriving at a crisis, which would scarcely have borne the investi gations of the public gaze. How beautiful she looked as she leant against the door-post at the back of the cot tage. Yet it was a beauty touched by sorrow ; her face, usually suffused with a bright color, was pale as death, her dark eyes shone with a feverish lustre. Something had hap pened which had shaken the very fouudatiorl of faith and happiness. It was two days after. Lady Marcia <Fol- jambe's ball, old Josh had had a stroke of paralysis in the morning hours, as the car riages passed his gate on their return from the festivities, and he lay upstairs, sick auto death, it was feared. It was, however, scarcely Josh's illness that affected Lisbeth so closely. She had for a long time expected that the end would come, perhaps almost craved it, Bince Josh was both cruel and hard to her. There was something stirring the depths of ner Heart, nearer ner own inner lite inan poof old selfish Josh's approaching dissolution. Once or twice as she stood there, she shielded her eyes as if she expected to see someone coming. Not a creature was in sight, hut at last she heard a footstep coining ronnd the cottage from the front, and the crimson color rushed madly from brow to throat. Another mimute and a man's arm was round her, and she was drawn convulsively to his heart. " My Bett, my beautiful, my own, thank God, 1 see you once agdm." But Lisbeth struggled violently, and free ing herself from his embrace, « stood before him, proud and erect; looking at him with an expression of mingled mockery and scorn. 44 How dare you," she cried, 4 'how dare you come here after — — " Her words seemed to choke her, and the sentence ended in a con vulsive sob. 44 My dearest Bett, what do you mean? "W by you seat for me ? What has happened? What do you know ?" She mastered her emotion with a vigorous effort, and, trying to speak calmly, said in a low tone, 44 1 know that Clement Dunrav en is false." 44 Ay," he answered; 44 false aB hell. You are right. It is to tell you this that I have come here to-day." 44 False to her, or false to me ?" she asked looking at him fixedly with her large eyes. 44 Good heavens, do you doubt me for a moment I False to her, of course, since you are my love, my life. Bat how do you know anything about her, my darling ?" 44 1 was at the boudoir window on the night of the ball. I saw you circle your arms about her waist, as you have often circled them about me. I could have cried with pain a the sight. 1 saw your lips move as if utter ing those words of love I know so well, anc I saw her languishing eyes turned in adoration on your face. Yes, Clement, 1 saw all this, and I am still alive. Alive and looking into your false face." 44 My Bett, my love, 1 came here to-day to tell you the whole truth, to throw myself ou PIERCE VAUGHAN AND HIS PURSUER SAW EACH OTHER AS IN FULL DAY. your generosity, to appeal to the strong love which I know you hear me. 1 am in no way to blame for what has- happened. It is all the fault of my uncle Louis. I care no more for Lady Gertrude Yersohoy le's love than I do for the pebbles ia front of the doorway. BufcSir Louis says that unless I marry her he will leave me without a single sixpence in the world." " But I am your wife,'' said Lisbeth, " for the sake of coin you would commit this fiinP" " Gk>d knows if Ihad a moderate income I would not be mercenary, my poor Bett. I cannot steal, to beg I am ashamed, and if' I asked for work who would give me any to do ? He would be a sorry fool who employed me." ( No, you cannot work, that is not to be thought of," she said, with a faint smile, evoked even in this hour of desperation, by the idea of Clement Dunraven doing any work. . What, then, can I do but obey Sir Lotus and go through the farce of this marriage ?" » Bat I am your wife. A man according to the English law cannot marry two wives." "Not unless the first one gives her con sent." «« Gives her consent, Clement. Whatever do yon mean ?" . " Only this, dear. You know a king or a grand duke marries the woman he loves, what is oalled morganatically, that is, she cannot he a queen or grand duchess. Then he marries some princess, who can fill the high rank and do the duties of the state, but who is always outside his heart." - " But you are neither a king nor a grand duke, Clement 1" " No, love, but it is the same thing, I am Sir Louis Donraven's heir." " Yet I am your wife. My children will be legitimate." " Yes, love," he said, hesitatingly, for he dared not deny. " Well, then, Clement, if even in my gret love for you I could let you go and remain silent about our relations, so that yon might become rich and powerful, how could I do them this wrong ?" " It will not do them muoh good to be paupers. I should have to leave you and go away into some distant land, seeking a for tune which I should never find. Whereas if yon concur in this arrangement yon and your child or children will be in comfortable cir cumstances, reaping the benefit of my uncle's inheritance/' " I do not want the money. When old Josh dies, as he will in a few days, I can work and keep myself, but the unborn child. Oh ! Clement, I wish I knew what is best to he done for the ohild." Clement Dunraven cared nothing for the child. His paternal instincts had in no way been awakened, but he cared a great deal for the beautifnl woman by his tide, though more perhaps for his position in life, or he would scarcely have asked her to sacrifice herself for his advantage. It was false reasoning to try and induce her to do this, on the plea that she and her child would benefit by it. What would money avail them if the mantle of secrecy and shame was to he cast over their birth, and another woman than the one he had legally married a year agb, was to live as mistress at Aboyne Court. For a few seconds neither of them spoke. Both were thinking of the situation. Clement was wondering what he would do if Lisbeth refused to give him up, and Lisbeth was wrapt in thought of her child if she set it aside for its father whose will was her law, and whom she could not believe to wholly wrong ; hence, she argued to here elf, there must be justioe in what he demanded.. After ail, what right had she a daughter of the people to link her fortunes with those of Sir Louis Donraven's nephew? She was to blame, she must suffer for her fault — but the child. If she had no thought for that unborn child it would be so easy to set him free. Had jealousy no placs in her heart in titis supreme hour P Jealousy q£ that other woman she had seen sitting so near him on the sofa P No, the child for the moment unsurped every other feeling, her own misery, her igony at the knowledge that he would live for the rest of his life with another — a lady of high degree — was as nothing compared with what she felt about the future of that as yet unseen ohild. (to be continued.) 