FROM YESTERDAY'S late editions. NEWS AND NOTES. Moetirig of tbe Quuim Invontmcnt and Land Company this afternoon lapsed for wank of a quorum. Tho ateamor Tai-yuan, which arrived at Cooktown to-day, reports n cast) of small-pox aboard. Tho patient Is a Chiucflo. Examination in tho hiHolvont cstato of W. U. Korntr and Co., coiitiiiucd this afiornoon. Some particulars in another column. The manager and sub-tnanrtgor of tho North Blackwood Villauu Settlement sued in thoTruntham Court to-day. Particu lars elsowhcre, Tho Promior lias received a letter Irom tbo Prsmiur of South Australia, stating that tho Home expedition has started fur the M'Donnoll ranges. Railway traffic return for the past week shows an iucrease of L1207, t> compared with the corresponding week lost year. First tiniu thero lifts been an increaso for mnnv weeks. Things unutterably dull in tho city this afternoon. Not even a ghost of a sensa tion, and little of the least human interest. As the darkest hour i» that buforo duwu, the portout may bu a good ouo. . Thu Public Service Board to-day pro- cecdud to Pcntridgo to inquiro into thu casa of Maurice Flynn, tho lvciv wnrdor, convicted of an assault on Margarot Kerr. The Board reserved its dccinion. .Tito young lady to whom tho ill-fated miner, M&thieson;, wan enguged to be married, has beeotnu so ill from tho tor- nblu shock situ received that she was unable to attend tho inquest to-day. An outbreak of scarlet fevor occurred recently at tbe Abbotaford Cunvont. The epidemic wes confined to tho in mates of the uttablishmorit, and nil tlx cases are now progressing quite satisfac torily. Medical evidonco at tho Etiglchawk in quest to-day equally couBtntotit with tho theory of oithor murder or suicide. Thrco doctors agree that young Mutbiuson may have been shot or may havo abut him self. Inquest continued to-day on the body of young Mathioson, whose tragic death ubzuuicunwK iuivuj ruuiu tur quuatiuu un to whothor ho is tbe victim of a mur derer, or died by his owu hand. The inquiry is not likely to bu finished this ovouing. The hunring of tho Speight v. Hymu libel uctioti was continued thia artoruoou. Tho procoediug were ortromoly dull, and after Mr \V. Reynolds, the shorthand olork, had been further cross-examined by Mr Coldhutu, tho court udjouritud till to-morrow morning. AlbertTerry, Dwnor of tho LoisoUcr Uotol, Lygon street, applied to tho Carl ton bench to-day fjr an order to eject Mary Elliott, the licpnseo, for itouf alril- mtnt of the provisions ot tho lease. The magistrates granted n warrant of cjrct- ntont to iskue within eight days. Jub Rogers, Co years of ngo, is re ported to be missing front his homo in Loo street. Flomington. IIo is of weak intellect, and wandered awuy at. 12.46 on the . morning of tha Gth. Rogers is of medium build, walks with a stoop, and is clean1 shavod, exoepting on the' throat. ,r. . ' . \ ' At the Carlton Court to-day, John Win.' Geruulity, 16 years of age, was charged with being a negloctod child. Ou Sunday night, Mr Reynolds, of Darkly strbot, loft h|3 hum, and on returning found tho hoy iu tho placo, which was in darkness, and a bundle of articles already packed tip for removal. The hoy's mother promised to look after him in tho future, and ho was dischurgod with a caution. \- Scrgcimt-Dctoctivo Duncan appeared an a complainant in a case at the Carlton Court this morning against his neighbor, George Bull, a clerk, for nogleating to erect it suhKtautinJ dividing fence between tlieirpropurtiesiu Drummcnd Htrcot after duo notice hud huuti given. The com plainant stated that tho fence was in a dilapidated slate, anil that lie bad offered to pay half tho cust of a new one. Thedefuncu wits tin eutiro contradiction of tho complainant's evi- dntico. Tho Bench dimuiaHud the cure. Mr Leonard appeared for tho rluiuudunt. 