WHO IS HE? OB [he Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN -STORY Natural & Supernatural, KEXXETE HAMILTON M.S., F.&.C.S. CHAPTER XXH.—(CONTINUED.) . No, Hiss Harsden; £he concerns of the <Ji<y do not seem to belong to me in any way -j—and ret I remember now I did hear Sir ^omuel Moses ask our friend, Tjumsden, if the city was not likely to have an earthquake soon, but Lmnsdcn laughed long and loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. But some one i^ills. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind little friend—yon have given me new energy qnd thoughts to-night." . ** I did not hear anyone call." ; No! there it is again— ? tis ihat man, the master of my life. I must go—I must go!" Apparently quite oblivious of Edith or bill 1-room or anything, with^a endden, L halfstupid look, Barton turned end -went swiftly, wifii the air of a ramnambnlist, out at the open door and over the smooth lawn into the quivering moonlit night. * '•Georgs! George, my darling! What is it ? Tou—so strong, so able a man! What i> this mystery? Alas! tlmt you ever should lave rescued me from a sleep that at least could not have had this yearning pain in it— and yet I cannot widi I had never known you: bnt one thing remains—I must bear, as others have done, and -wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desire for the supreme good of the loved one will surely draw down blessings and be a guard from that evil influence whatever it may be." Wait arid bear patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsden—at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with others who suffer will deepen and strengthen; so you shall be of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a londy woman, bearing others burdens bqpanse of the strength that has come of sorrow and silent bearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so- live while the <Jd earth turns round. CHAPTER Will. THE SATE JOBBERY. TTfllim Ilaki. or whatever was his name, and Barton, or whatever was his name, had left their old domicile in XiittleBourke street. Barton never knew whether his involuntary introduction to the Wallaces pleased or displeased his companion and master. The Indian •was inscrutable—at any rate he made file best of the inevitable and never grumbled against fortune no matter what pranks she played him. The relationship between the two men was unchanged. The Saxon submitted to the awful will-force of the adept. It seemed as if the eastern magician played with bim as. the-cat plays with the mouse, giving-him mental latitude for a lime only to withdraw the license again as if from mere whim. . He played on the man as the skilled mnsician plays on the stringed instrument, or rather as the expert horseman controls the anettied steed, atone time allowing him to pace and ease and at another pressing home the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that he could not distinguish his one self from bis other self. His two existences-were almost as distinct as if there -were two bodies and two souls. BntHalim had not qnite deserted Little Bonrkestreet. That, thoroughfare possesses a population generis. In its dens may be found the besotted Chinese, the savage AfghnTi, the steal&y.; Malay, minj-j-lin^ with the equally savage sconrings of a British city. Perhaps the detective seeking his prey in these squalid purliens, or the sturdy policeman walkSngcarefnDy up the narrow roadway knew something of the Indian's darV and mysteriouB house, but -they .had. always enough business on hand to prevent than making incursions into regions which might not turn out profitable, and the house was left severely alone. The only one seen in connection -with, the place -was a fierce Bengalee, who looked as if " Thnggism " was his creed and its practice his forte. In (he same room there in Lifctie Boui&e; street in -which we saw domiciled our my.--~teriou£ acquaintances, .we ^an see the same two men seated again as. they then were. " Barton's 11 eyes.had.1die same far- away look in theruas we noticed then, andihe had evidently returned from one of those mysterious journeys in spirit land, on -which he travelled obedient to the will of his companion. •'The time has come,'' eaid the Tndim^ " when -we must make our first attempt. I am sure you -will be ready." " Yes,*' said Barton; "X am ready, bnt I do not understand your aims. There is something in me that rebels against it all, sm& yet I cannot force myself free. Ton overpower me. I feel oppressed here and there," striking his head and heart. "I know yon are hurrying me into some infernal wickedness or another. I know you have had me in the past by some infernal -wickedness, and yet I can do nothing. Curse you!" he continued, "I don't know what keeps my hands ^rom your -throat, you villain,' to throttle yon, to squeeze your life out of your miserable carcass bit-by bit." He had suddenly reached the stage of furious rage, and he wee up and strode over to tiie Indian, who remained calm and careless. "See," Barton went on, " that aim—look at 4hat chest. Wly, man, I could crush the -little insignificant life out of Tou before ouehowl of fear could pierce these -walls.' "Hush," said the Indian, calmly and authoritatively, and tlie man uttered not another word. "Listen.- -To-night our first attempt has to be made, and there must tic no failure. Tie object is to checkmate -wickedness, as you. puritanical ^"•T-ljRh call it, and two-old friends of yours, Perrin and Simpson, wilLthank yon weUJierpafter. Why I should interest myself ahont ffcem £can hardly understand, and I don't &Jnk; itcomes from weakness—and the speaker Kmilod- Mow, what_I want done I joan explain in a very, short time. You know where -the hmee and cart are?" "Ses." . " Very well, you must have the .catt.and horse on the crossing of the St. EOda and Domain. Epads at half-past eleven to-night. Tou must not wait for me bnt continue walk* ing np the road. I shall be there and follow yon,and after you reach Flinders street IT1 get on the cart and take the reins. Do iiot ' notice anything, but simply do ss I tell you —you understand." "Tegl I understand?" "It iB now nine o'clock and yon.mnst start at once. You must put on tile dtess^I provided foryon. Remember in all'tlns you have nothing to fear no matter jtiat may, happen, X assure yon ,of that,and I also assure yoU that whatever will be .done to-nigfai;i«a]; gwia tp,;ttoseJ^io deserve it. /That js -an etlucal problem for you when it is stated ly, me- How go, and remember what j l have sail." - . • , About half-past eleven waggop-was Eoad. The driver looked as listiess^ss Hhe'' ference of custom. Boon were seen the long : lights which' Illuminate; EohSSI Bridge, stretching out into the compsxativl dqikneaBtof thecity beyond,- Here andjhere the -tall/shadoWy buildings and«n-occasidnal 1 lofty tower received the ghost-like reSec-' tionpf » ^teptlamp andstoodontJikefB^Soi workfriamthe.background of a leaden * bridge watched with lazy indifference the lmgE horse and cart as they rolled past and waked the echoes of the silent street with hollow rumbling. He was even inclined to relieve the monotony of his vigil by saluting the driver. What a condescension of the spec, and span constable to unofficial mortality—but he seemed half asleep on his perch and the constable thought no more about it. Opposite the fish-market a new arrival sprang to the perch beside the driver not topping the lumbering waggon which thundered up Flinders street without attracting a glance from a jasser-by or even the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached the more retired streets, -where in the stirring hours of day the merchant princes of the "Queen City of the South" are won't to congregate. The great black houses were now unoocupied and in darkness, save where in the basements here and there or in the attics a little light gleamed fcua the uncurtained window where the watchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbered away and finally turned into the narrow stxeet-ai 'tiie reax of WIlHam street and up one of the right-of-ways leading to the back premises of the bunding in which were situated the offices of Sir William Wallace. The cart was backed with the greatest coolness as close as possible to the wall and the two men descended. At a touch die gate was opened, and one of the .men, who seemed to -have the power of seeing in the dark, entered the back yard without hesitation. You remain here," he said in an ordinary tone to his companion. " I shall call for you when I want yon." Be walked up to ft window barred with .heavy iron; and, seizing one of the ^bars, be' touched it with some-chemicals which-he took' from his pocket. At once alambent flame licked the metal and stole rapidly from bottom to top of the rod, throwing as it spreads flickering light on a magnificent diamond he wore on his finger which' reflected it again in a thousand coruscations of every tint. The iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused nor mouldered—it simply vesblved itself. The man with the utmost dexterity cut a circular piece from the large windowe, and the next moment lie had swung [Self into the inner temple of Mammon, the office of Sir William. " Might have avoided this trouble bnt for the chains,", he muttered. i&Nojv;, I -must seeabout the watchman." He scarcely touched the bolted door when it seemed to spring open of its own accord. The whole building was in the dense gloom and darkness of night, but this did not trouble tiie mysterious viator. He made his way to the foot of the stairs and calmly walked up, step by step, until he reached the attic, where beneath one of the doors a light shone showing that room at least had a; tenant. The door was suddenly flung open and a young man appeared on the threshold with a revolver in one hand and a heavy lifepreserver in the other. " Who are you?" he cried, as the stranger approached him with calm unconcern. "Put up your weapon, iriend-" The " friend " had presented the revolver straight at bis head. Why should If" " Because I tell you to do so, and I am accustomed io be obeyed," said the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesitation the deadly weapon was lowered, and the watchman's eyes drooped under the magnetic gaze of the stranger. Back to your conch," he said to the man, and obedient as a dog he obeyed. Into the little room he went and threw himself heavily on the mattraa in a corner. "Must give the,thing~an appeacuioe,'' said tiie viator toliiinself with a smile, as he proceeded to bind the man as he lay with a rope he took from'his^pocket. '..'•' The business was quickly done, and then he turned to the victim or subject, which yon will, and told him not to awake for three hours and "foiget." Whether the magnetic sleep is cataleptic or not the man obeyed tiie orders, and when the mysterious stranger left the room he left behind bim a body, to all intents, lifeless and Very deliberately the Indian, for it was he as will be very easily understood, walked down the stairs and returned to tiie office. at once approached the safe, and, taking the same bottle from his pocket, applied the contents all around the lock, first taking the precaution to keep the action of tiie liquid under control. Again the metal yielded and disappeared. The massive door swung open and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. The Tn^nti walked to tbe window and summoned bin companion who leisurely approached." Take the boxes I shall give you to the cart and place them inside," said tiie master. Box after box was conveyed to the -window and thence to the cart without tiie slightest interruption, until the whole contents of the safe were removed. Then and only then the Indian was contented, and he quickly-left tbe place, drawing down the broken window as he stood on the window-sill. Barton and he mounted the perch, and the big horse jogged away at his usual pace though his load was much greater than it was before. Again the rumbling cart broke the echoes of the deserted street, and again some policeman heard tiie sound with indifference and hardly cast a thought on tiie late contingent of the army of the night. Next day the columns of the evening papers were filled with accounts of the most mjbteri-^ ous and audacious safe robbery; and. for a -week or perhaps full nine days the whole jonrnaldom of the colonies was in a ferment, and the detectives and police forces received the scarifying they always deserve and, poor wretches, get without mercy. £oad until it was near Ekternwick where it .halted, and from behind a terrace of halfbuHtbouse8 Barton led a horse and alight trap. The contents of the.cart were quickly transferred, and the two men took their seat on the vehicle and then drove rapidly away in the direction of St. Elda beach. Two days after John Smith, at tiie St. Hilda Court was fined for allowing this cart and horse to wander. He pleaded guilty to tiie insinuation" of "a wee drop too much/" and paid his fine lite a man. CHAPTEE XXIV. •i'hh OQUEBCUt GBiSB* There was rare confusion in Wallace's Toorak mansion. long before the master ofthe establishment was accustomed to leave his bedroom a hansom cab had driven up furiously to the door, and a man had rung the bell with such startling energy that the calm,; decorous,, and obsequious fajtoten had been so agitated that thdr powdered foclmjjtaqiljip on .end, and the man who had at last regained sufficient courage to open the door looked as if a recent earthquake had shaken him out pf iis the n lenger pushed into the magnificent hall and asked for Sir William. " I must see him at once even in his bedroom," eaid he, "andshow me the bedroom quickly." . Tlere was no denying lum, and he was led up the staircase by the footmsn who enwould nbt be ' responsible "for disolwyiiig " borders " — — — 1 Sir William opened the-door of jus dieasingfoam and received_the messenger with every appearand pi BurprjsO Xhe messen^er was the jobseqiiions eeig^firyr. As soon is, Sir. William eaw him ie hnrried liim into -the room, leaving thg^hpikey bewfldered |md as ^rise as ever atihe door. Ifcemimites after |he bell of the dressing-room -was also ringing ^urioudy, and the footznan, who. answered— ® not bBenfarfrom the, door—aw lus in a atate of eilzeDie : iittonot'^onedetaiuit for ifiTO ininnte8. If it has gone -order Jones to firing out the tarriage as ^niddy as he can jget.thehyresin." . ' r The footman for once in. Ins life made his SSSfiHSSi the'stahS^^^w to the Sa^} pChe haiiBom had not ^he driver was j'BlteWng -dpwni Jus smoking horse. Two minutes after Wallace camK Jown the stairs jwith headlong haste, and, withont a word to !%e jntolhe jasU'T; iim': "For yourlife, quick!" he called out to the cabby. 'Til find you a new horse if that one goes under." ' The ^nfffwqn jbiew his customer, and leaped to his box in an. instant, and in another' instant the vehicle was sweeping 'down the apenue and out of the gates into the road. He horse and driver bravely earned the munificent fare which the latter received from the secretary when the passengers were landed a^ the William-street office. There were a few loungers about tiie doors, and -the premises were in the charge of |he police. The constables saluted. The great financier was a tnan to be honored. Wallace came into "the office and ran at once to the safe. II was as had been reported to him. Not an atom of paper; not & ccpn of the realm was there. What coiald be done? Two detectives were making a careful examination of the premises. They saw the void round the place where once the cbubb nsed to be. They saw the great circle cut out of the window-pane. Everyone saw that as well as the officers. Bnt where -was the iron bar gone to ? Where were the shattered pieces of the safe? They couldn't see these any mote than the less export onlookers. .Wallace said never a word, but in his brain there was always a -dull-echo as if a fiend was whispering, "Done for, done for!" in every key and on every tune that he hpdeyer heard. The full extent of the disaster only himself could know. Even the money was only tiie least of his lossesl There has been evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy the highest reputations in Victoria, his among 1 the rest. ."What was to be done? Was there any ^wuy out of such ruin P Send , for Lumaden, and at mice." Lumsden came and Wallace made no exaggerated display. He simply pointed to the saie. " All gone," he raid. "You're mad to say 801" cried iheother. "Neither mad, nor dreaming," said Sir William. " What, all that money gone ?" " Yes, every stiver." The two men looked at each other.with despair in iheir eyes. "Then, this is no place for .me," said Lumsden, getting up and coming round to Wallace's chair and whispering to him: " I-eh all pick up the few thousands I told you of and slope and share with you. It is not much, bnt it will cany ns over to the Pacific Slope." Wallace smiled. " Well," he replied, " there is" honor among thieves after all. But no! my boy. Get away yourself. I am -xlone^for, amjt shall meet it all. 'What yon do, however^ ! yon.will have to <do quickly or you Twill not have the chance of doing anything." Lumsden took his ally's hand and pressed it waxmly. -Good-bye, old man, -good-bye and better luck. I' diren't meet" the die devils of the south or I'd 6ee it out with you. But hang it, man, they -would tear me in pieces if they knew all." At this moment a telegram was put in his hand. 'He opened it. It was s telegram from TTalim TTflW, Launceston, and ran as follows: I shall want to withdraw the valuables yon have of mine on Monday next. I am sure the shortness of the notice will not trouble you." Wallace laughed aloud at the reading of the telegram. "Well, Ha Tim Haki," said he, soliloquising, " I doubt you will have to take out a hawker's license. Your gold and your diamonds have gone where I doubt yon wOl not follow them." But let me to business. He took np his pen and wrote continuously for upwards of an hour. He gave strict orders that no one was to be admitted; that he was in to no one until noon. He could hear the inquiries made in the outer room about himself—about the safe robbery, and conjectures abont the amount of gold that had been stolen, bathe wrote on. . At last he finished and bo quietly rolled np the manuscript and sealed, then'as quietly hetookji small revolver from his deskdrawer, and, after .trying with itfqrjMninnte or so, pulled the bigger and William Wallace was no more. The quiet-way in which it was all done was the only very remarkable fact about it alL Suicide may be regarded as cowardly, but there are some positions in which, when men like Wallace are placed, they can see no other ^alternative. The Soman philosopher would hot blame them* , CHAPTER XXV. BANK SUBEEHBIOBB. Collins street was in.an uproar. .Men and women and children rushed about like the ante of a nest on which some heavy has trodden and brpnghtmin. There, wis madness in the air—the madness of despair,of disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, and where did the rum end? Was there any institution safe? Was the country itself safe?" It was not to be wondered at that the people of "Victoria were well nigh frenzied. He struggle for existence is a hard one at the best, and men of even temperate hopes look forward to surcease of. the. labor and toil .of battle, and ridced their present possession for a future gun. Melbourne had been in the clouds. What need wonld.there be for working when the whole outside world was about to throwintoTjctoriftiteaccttmulated wealth? What more to do than to spend a little money now and draw it in again - increased a hundred-fold? It was the easiest way of making a provision for -the future rainy daythathad ever been planned, ar^d^agood many plans have been formed in this old wodd of oare to find-a«hort-out-to^waalth.- W. -H. 14 - (TO BE COBTUroED.) " HAE George a ver^ dEepTOiceJ" " Very! Why, when'^fie' sings 'it "hurts his coins." "DID you, have..goojl Jnck .getting tiie baby's picture taken?" " Wdl, I ehould say so. He moved, and so you see I have twice as many pictures for the same money." HE was making Iritmrta with the policeman.—"My good fellow,'' he eaid "-you mustn't believe everything you hear about me." « I don'y' responded the officer, "If I did I'd rnn you in.'' SUEBBLjrareB. * - - H e artfullest of men is the Designer. 1 ! The most changeable anazi^sihe Banter. The most accommodating man is the Broker. The moet¥ee8'ibleman is the Lawyet.' The most figurative man is the Accountant. The most typical man is thePrinter. I The most grave man is' the Unilertahar. The most crusty man is the Baker. > The most seedy man is the Gardener. T^mortlasti^inanu^Sooiihalsri - Ease Policeman: " Beg pardon^ or, but would you pleaae lend me a.. .jencil a moment?" '! "Certainly, here it Is."- j Policeman: "And now your name and JSdgagdjlHiWg:*: moment ago." Soon will the eajfy morning fly m our ear And tickling iqm jrojboaeis. : - . And he who ™nming naps wouldii He'llaaHly findfhathe must.-yah' •Oh; Ibriaj Hn i» to sel jitu"-' I haven't seen ynn lac, evisc. eo Jdbg Where (hiHay):"iAni'±b Is -i-em mairiea, and have taken a flat." : * f Ton don't eay Bp?.:i "What isjhi nainef"; . . . .. ; ®ytife^courting'rftroul Very Naiighty 'figy (alter laJKng hhn •s•:• AitfigSk* m'Mpn'^xi f , COPl'KlGHI.] 