iloo- and Horse, A RACE IN ILLINOIS. Wo are unab: o to ascertain to whom diB- credit for this truthful racing tale should be given : — Once during time, the proprietor of a hotel in a litile ; town in Illinois was a horse fancier. He was such an enthusiast that it was common talk that his boarders would be more likely to live if Re .world devote more attention to the bill of fere and less to horse. Bat he continued to talk horse aud the undertaker still thrived. One day he suddenly disappeared When he returned he brought with him a horse. He called it a runner and said it was bred in Kentucky, although no one believed he went beyond the Egyptian districts of Illinois to get it. Sped the months, and to all the boarders came a feeling such as we read of in patent medicine advertisements. The landlord talked of nothing but the speed of the horse. At laBt, in a state of mental aberration, a suburban resident named Turner offered to bet that the horse could n t biat one of his hogs for a quarter of a mile. After the penin- su'ar on the landlord's face had grown red enough to do credit ta a Kentucky colonel, be replied that he would bet all kinds of money that no hog could outrun his horse. While his mind was still on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 , dollars, which was immediately covered by ' the landlord Then Turner's senses came home. Now, 10 dollar . bills are not as plentiful with him as they were with Cortez after he discovered Mexico, and he at once fled- to a point of seclusion where he could think out a scheme for saving the de posit. . He thought and thought. He thought about the hard times ; about how great Ananias could have been if he had lived in an age when feme was acquired because of having owned fast horses ; but- firstly and lastly he thought about that lOdol.- Turner had some Poland China hogs which he claimed had been imported direct from Poland or Iceland, he wasn't positive which, but they were of the bar-tender variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman is of passing la ws that would benefits town. At last before his mind appeared a ghost. It must have been a ghost, for an animated frame of boneB can't be anything else ; this ghost was nothing jnore nor less, and it could not have been any less without parting | with the tail, than a Southern wind- splitting, razor-back hog. It was of the me kind that a Mississippi scientist thought would make admirable substitutes "for the carrier pigeons if they could be induced to return home at the top of their speed. Tur ner knew that a razor-back heg would go farther for a feed than a policeman after a drink, and at a much faster gait. He con cluded it was just what he wanted. He gained a concession of six weeks for training, raised the bet to 50dol., ahd at first oppor tunity imported a shadow of a hog. His first plans matured rapidly, and when the hog arrived he was ready. The first lesson was like teaching a small boy the danger of eating green appl :b. It consisted of placing a bucket of feed at one end of the lane and trying to start the hog in at the other. Finally the hog was persuaded to go down the lane. Of course it found the feed. It was not neces sary to diet the hog to make it hungry. The instant it was in any other condition it ceased to be a razor-back. To make a long story short, that hog proved to be the most apt student ever seen in Illinois. The lessons were repeated daily, and the hog allowed to go down the lane at a olip so hot that if the race bad occurred in Sodom or Kansas City either town would have burned. The landlord got a little bit shaky about starting his horse against the hog, but his money was up, and on the day appointed he e&nie; to the score. The entries were to be sent from a standstill start) Everybody was told to get ready. A soore of idle hearts waited for the word. It was given and the hog released. It Btarted with a " booh " that would have frightened a Chicago mayor and went down the road like a frightened comet. For at least five seconds the horse did nothing but rear aud snort his disapproval of such a con test, and when once started it was evident he would rather do anything than overtake the object bobbing np and down in the distance. The hog won. Turner pocketed the 50doL and moved to town. The landlord sold the horse, bought a hatchet, aud ever since has been engaged in ehopping the wood and cut- ting off the feet of spring chickens. — "The Horseman.'' 