IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. (COPYRIGHT.) AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXIV.— Continued. Barr lifted a half-finished letter from under a sheet of blotting paper. It was the letter he had been so engrossed in when startled by Edward's voice. As the latter glanced at it he saw that it was addressed to his mother, and contained a full account of the tragic death of her son. "Another day and you would have been too late to stop that," Barr said, in a husky voice. "It would have killed her. Thank God I was in time." "In one hour I can go home with you, if you care to wait. If not, you know where the house is. I have several letters from home for you," Barr said. "Oh, I can wait for an hour, I assure you. I have been well schooled in waiting lately," smiled the young man. Barr, however, did not put him to the ordeal of waiting even the hour, for in half that time they were speeding in the Essen- don train towards the former's home. "They think you are up aloft," whispered Barr, as they neared the house; "I must go first and let them know the truth, or they will perhaps object to my bringing a ghost home with me." In a few minutes he came to the gate with Mrs. Barr at his side and beckoned Treno- weth up. Mrs. Barr's greeting was a cordial one, for she looked upon him as one really risen from the dead. Before he was allowed to shut himself up with his letters, his host insisted upon his having lunch, and, that over, he made hastily for his room and opened his budget of letters. He took them according to the dates on the envelopes, and thus he had a consecutive history of events in St. Columb's Cove. The letters from Inez were of an affec- tionate character, but the later dated ones were mostly written by his mother. The last one he had to open was very voluminous, and he found that it was dated from St. Columb's Cove, on the 5th of Sep- tember, 1871, and from his mother. It was as follows:— "My dearest Son, — "It is only a sense— a very strict sense —of my maternal duty to you which impels me to send you the information contained herein. Knowing me as you do, you can well believe me when I say that I would rather be in my grave than be thus forced to inflict the pain which I know this will give you. "Not to keep you in suspense, I may as well tell you at once that Inez has proved unfaithful to you (oh, that I should live to have to say it!)." Trenoweth put down the letter at this juncture and stared vacantly at the wall in front of him. The news was so sudden that it fell upon him like a thunderbolt, "Inez unfaithful!" He had never even reckoned on the possi- bility of such an ending to his love dream. The awakening was a rude one. For twenty minutes he thus sat, and then, slowly lifting the fatal letter, he began to read again. "It it as well that you should know the whole story that it is my painful task to tell to you. I begged Inez to do so, as it was her duty, but she refused. "In the beginning of June two strangers —tourists— made their appearance at St. Columb's Cove. They were staying near Tintagal and spending the summer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th of June our friend Edwards drove them over here and, being visitors of some distinction, he brought them to our house. On learning that they were from Australia, I gave the heartiest welcome, for I thought I might possibly learn something of my beloved son in that far-off land. "Inez was at home, of course, and we entertained them for the greater part of the day. They said they were what in Austra- lia were called 'squatters' and both Inez and myself were so interested in their de- scriptions of the region you are now in that we probably prevented them seeing many of the points of interest in the neigh- borhood. "To remedy this, I asked them to pay an- other visit, and arranged to get Pengelly to act as guide for them. "They readily consented to this, and three days subsequently Charles Simpson and John White — for such were the names they gave— again visited St. Columb. "I did not notice that either of them paid more attention to Inez than might be expected under the circumstances; and, as their general bearing was most gentlemanly and respectful, I had no idea that anything would happen from the visits. "I might say, that on the first visit I told Charles Simpson of the intense interest I felt in Australia through my only child being there. I further said that Inez was your betrothed. "I did this so that there could be no pos- sible misunderstanding ; but at the time I had no idea that Inez was likely to prove fickle. "On several other occasions the tourists paid visits to St. Columb ; but, as there are so many places of legendary interest to be seen, I did not attribute the slightest im- portance to the visits. "On several occasions, I now recollect, Inez was away from home for two or three hours at a time; but, as she was in the habit of visiting the villagers as you know, I could not be expected to connect her ab- sence with the Australian tourists. I after- wards learnt that, at least twice, she went to meet Charles Simpson. "At the end of two months I began to notice a change in the demeanor of Inez. She seemed dissatisfied and irritable in an unusual degree, and her absences were more numerous and more prolonged than before. "I bore with it all until one day the truth was most unexpectedly revealed to me by old Peggy Penhaven, who nursed you, and who has loved you like a second mother. "The good soul came to me as a sort of accredited messenger of the villagers to let me know that all was not right— Inez Jas- per was almost daily in the company of one of the visitors who had lately driven over to St. Columb. "The jealous villagers had watched the meetings, which took place near the Black Rock, on the road to Tentagal. It was be- yond doubt that the pair met as lovers, and the villagers, knowing that I must be igno- rant of the action taken by Inez, resolved that I should know. "I can assure you, Edward, that at first I was incredulous, for I could not bring my- self to believe that the child I had reared could act so treacherously. "When the old nurse went away I sat down and pondered deeply over the commu- nication I had just received. "The more I thought the more firmly was I convinced that it was my duty, both for your sake and for hers, to speak to Inez on the subject. "It was six o'clock when she returned, and as she passed me to go to her room I thought she seemed somewhat agitated. "When she returned I asked her in the kindest way where she had been. "'I just went to see Mother Penhaven,' she answered. "'Was she at home?' I asked. "'Oh, yes,' replied Inez. "This answer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew that Inez had told me a lie. "I went to her, and, taking her hand in mine, said: "'Do you remember, Inez, when Edward bade you his last good by? Do you remem- ber promising to be faithful to him and that only death would part you?' "'People, when they are young, promise many foolish things which never come to anything,' she answered with a forced laugh. "'People, young or old, should not break solemn vows without abundant cause,' I said sharply. "'And have I not abundant cause?' she broke out in a torrent of passion. 'I have not heard from Edward for more than a year; and it seems to me I will have to wait until I am gray haired if I wait for him to get rich and marry. But I am not going to wait. I am engaged to Charles Simpson, and arrangements are already made for our marriage at Tintagal to- morrow.' "The suddenness of this revelation gave me a shock. I dropped her hands and was about to turn silently away, when I remem- bered my duty to you. Turning to her, I said: "'Will you do your duty as far as you can and tell Edward what you have done? It will spare me a trial.' "'No!' she answered, passionately and decisively. 'I will tell him nothing, nor hold communication with him. He treats me with neglect and I will return it.' "I said no more, for my heart was too full. I went to my room, and when I came down in the morning I found a curt note on the table from Inez, telling me that she had left St. Columb for ever, as she was to be married that day and, with her husband, would immediately take her departure to Australia. "Thus without a kind farewell to myself or the villagers, she fled from our midst. She came amongst from we knew not whence, and she has gone from us we know not whither. "My dear boy, I have now told you all, and I pray you may be strong and not allow this most unfortunate event to blight your life. We are all in God's hands, and He does everything for the best. You always have the blessing of your affectionate mo- ther, and I pray God you will soon forget your false love and find a faithful heart to take her place. When may I expect to see you? I am very lonely now." The letter concluded here, and in his des- pair Trenoweth crushed it convulsively in his hand. He must have sat in the room for nearly three hours, when he was roused by someone knocking at the door. Recollecting that he was a guest, he tried to calm his agitation, and at once opened the door. He was confronted by John Barr, who jokingly reminded him that time was flying and suggested that he must have found his correspondence interesting. In the dim light he did not notice the pallid face of his guest, but as he stepped into the passage the change in his features was apparent. "What! Bad news? I am sorry for that." Trenoweth took him by the arm and led him into the room, handing him the letter as he did so. Barr hastily glanced through it, and then, taking Trenoweth's hands in his own, said: "I don't want to be severe on you, but let me say that, instead of being thus plunged in grief, you should thank God at having escaped being linked for life to a woman such as this. She is one not only insensible to true love but also to gratitude. Are you going to wreck your life for one so unworthy of any sacrifice? I will say no more now, but think to-night over what I have said. If you do not care to leave your room I will send you something." Trenoweth did not care to leave his room, and Barr left him to himself to fight out his own salvation. Even as Jacob wrestled with the angels, so also did Edward Treno- weth struggle with his passion that night; and, ere morning dawned, he had obtained the victory. The guardian angels of good sense and fortitude came to his rescue, and he regis- tered a vow that he would blot the image of Inez Jasper entirely out of his mind for ever. CHAPTER XXV. BISCHOFF. When Trenoweth appeared in the break- fast room next morning Mr. and Mrs. Barr were surprised to find the young man in such good spirits. As he shook hand with Barr, he whis- pered. "I have taken your advice, my good friend." "Good! Be firm!" replied Barr. "You will want the day to yourself to answer your mother's letters and give an account of your long silence," his host said to Edward as he was leaving. "And mind," he added, turning back, "the mail goes to- morrow." Trenoweth was anxious to write to his mother and explain his long silence, and he sent away an unusually long epistle, which it was feted she would never see. He touched lightly on the dangers he had gone through, so as not to unduly alarm the good soul at home. He announced his in- tention of returning to St. Columb's Cove within a few months. His idea was that, if his mother did not like to leave the old home, he would remain there also; but, if she would emigrate, he intended coming back and taking up his permanent residence in Melbourne or some other part of Australia. The sunny southern land was beginning to charm him, in spite of the trials and dis- asters he had experienced. The progressive character of the people and the boundless resources of the land con- vinced him that he would do much better in the young country than in old Cornwall. The associations at St. Columb could not but be painful to him, and his resolution was fixed to return provided his mother was agreeable. The next morning, as he was glancing over the daily paper before breakfast, a tele- gram from Launceston caught his eye which made his heart beat faster. It was a simple announcement that valu- able deposits of tin ore had been discovered in the north-west of Tasmania, not far from Emu Bay and in close proximity to Mount Bischoff. A slight description of the locality fol- lowed, and as he read Trenoweth knew that it was in the vicinity of the place where he and his mates had found favorable indications of steniferous areas after leaving the Three Hummocks Island. His resolution was instantly taken. "Do you know if there is a boat going to Circular Head, Emu Bay, or any of the north-west ports of Tasmania to-day?" he asked of Barr. "I will soon tell you. But what do you want to know for?" replied his host. "If there is I am going there at once. Read this." Barr took the paper with some surprise and read the telegram carefully. Then he said: "I thought you had had enough of this prospecting work for a time. The west coast of Tasmania is not a pleasant place, though not quite so bad as central Austra- lia. You can get plenty of water, at any rate; but the food is scanty, and the forest and scrub are awful." "I have been to this locality, as I told you, and I am sure that a vast deposit of tin exists there. In fact my intention was to go to the place in a few days and further prospect it ; but you see there is no time to be lost if I want to make anything," Edward answered. "Besides," he went on, "there is sure to be a rush to the place, and there is little fear of anything bad happening to me." "Yes, I dare say you are right," returned Barr, who had been closely examining some papers. "I find the only boat leaving for Tasmania to-day goes to Launceston ; but you can join a service there which will take you to Emu Bay, or you can get overland to Bischoff. The boat sails in two hours from now, so that not a single moment is to be lost." The preparations which Trenoweth had to make were few, for Barr told him he would send a cable message to his agent in Laun- ceston to buy the necessary outfit and also secure a berth in the coastal steamer. Bidding Mrs. Barr a hasty adieu, Edward and his friend went into the city, and two hours later the former was steaming down the turbid Yarra on his way to Launceston. Early next morning he was at the Tamer settlement; but, early as it was, Barr's local agent was awaiting him. The latter knew him through his former visit, and, having heard of his reputed death, was a good deal surprised to see Trenoweth, for he thought Barr — which would be most unusual with him—had made a mistake in the name he sent. "I was under the impression," Fraser said, as he cordially greeted Trenoweth, 'that I would never meet you again except in the kingdom of shades. It seemed almost certain that you must have perished in that confounded place." "Well, here I am at any rate! and with much more experience than when I last saw you," said Edward. "Yes ; I believe that." The boat to Emu Bay did not leave until noon. Fraser had already engaged a passage on it for Trenoweth, and the necessary articles were obtained and put on board. As Edward was walking up the street in a somewhat abstracted frame of mind, he was surprised to hear a sweet voice— at least it seemed sweet to him— call: "Mr. Trenoweth." Turning, he found himself confronted by Miss Ryan, of Cape Barren Island. She looked even more surprised than he did, as she said : "I was almost doubtful that it could be you, but I was determined to make cer- tain. I have been watching you for five minutes. You know, Mr. Trenoweth, we heard such — such very bad news." "I am most delighted to meet you, Miss Ryan. How are your father and mother and all on the island?" volubly enquired Edward, as his face lighted up with real and unfeigned pleasure. "They are all well," the girl answered ; "but we heard such bad tidings of yourself and party. Of course, we took a great inte- rest in your expedition, and we watched the papers for information, knowing where you intended going. Six months ago we read a dreadful account of what had happened to you; but I am so glad to find that it was a mistake." "So for as I am concerned, it was a mis- take; but, I am sorry to tell you, that I must believe my good mates, Grey and the brothers Norton, perished in the wilder- ness." Neither of them spoke for a minute or two when Miss Ryan said: "Are you going to stop here for long, Mr. Trenoweth?" "I sail in an hour for Emu Bay, and from thence I am going to Mount Bischoff. You see I am still in quest of fortune." The girl looked greatly disappointed, as she said: "I suppose you will not be able to visit us again at the island? It is suoh an out- of-the-way place." "I hope that in a few months I will have time to see you. I will certainly take the first opportunity." Seeing Fraser approaching, the conversa- tion was brought to a close, and Trenoweth went down with his friend to the vessel. Soon after, the boat lifted her anchor and went down the stream, and in the evening Emu Bay was reached. Considering the importance of the find— or, rather, considering the importance which Edward attached to it — he was surprised to see the little stir it made. In Launceston no one was apparently aware of the discovery, and even at Emu Bay the few inhabitants took very little notice of it.— To be Continued. 