CHAPTER XXX. —The Spectres ok tiie Future. Don’t you ttunK, ueriie uaruag, <* drive would do you Rood t ■ For two days you have not been out of this hotel—wo might as well have stayed homo if you do not benefit by the ohange.’ . “ I am tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie hero and be at peace.’’ 41 Aro you sorry you catno abroad, dear ? ** No, I am very glad, for I think you already look the better for tho change." I And go he did. There was a good deal of olaBtioity in Clement Dunraven’s nature, and hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him, he had to an extent thrown off hie weight of worries. Of course, he had his dark houw, and very terrible they wore; hut sinco the boy’s death he had managed to conceal them from Lady Gertrnde, and as ho did not look so haggard as he had done in England, she reasonably conjectured that the ohango was doing him good. And this was the one gleam of sunshine the poor little woman had, for her own heart was very sad, and so broken wus she that those about her almost feared she had received her death-blow when tho baby died. , Sir Clement, however, would not believe this. He declined to see any danger in his Gertie’s condition. Other women had lost children before and had got over it, why should she not do tho sameP Tnero was no organic disease; of that Dr Watson had assured him. ! Lady Marcia and Elvira Delane would arrive in a oouple of days, and then^ Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remorseful wretch that ho was, expeot to be able to cheer her up, and as yet thoy had not mot anyono in Wiesbaden whom they knew. Thus he consoled himself as he wan dered about the lovely garden in which the kurhaus and the principal villas are situated, and longed for the time when, hor friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would he in duced to accompany them in their wander ings. If lie could only get hor into the Kur.garten every day to hear tho hand, he know she would soon got all right. How fallacious is hope, yot but for hope how deep would bo despair. Wiesbaden was not perhaps altogether the very beat place to which Lady Gertrude could have come, a more bracing oliznate might hhvo served her better. It was Lady Marcia who had choeen it. She had, or im-( ttginedshe had, various ailments for which a residence at Wiesbaden would be hopofioial, since it abounds iu specialists of considerable renown, and, tho chiof object being to Lady Gertrude away from the . v .. bknMt iiot been brought under discussion. “ Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to tho Qroek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the places of interest in the neighborhood," persisted Sir Clement. “Iam very well here at this window ; I can seo the trees.” They wero at an hotel on tho Wilhelm Strasso, looking on to the Park. “Then I must go all alone,” said Sir Clement, with a sigh. This appeal at once roused -Lady uertrudo. “I will go with you, Ciom, dear—forgive me for being so selfish. Order a carriage for five o'clock ; it will be cooler then.” He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what there was in him, a criminal, that two women should bo always ready to saorifiao their wishes and pleasnres to him. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction, ho thought ho would go to the post-office and see if tbero were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about their rooms in the hotel, all letters were to be sent “ posts restante,” apian which especially snited Sir Clement, as ho could thus receive letters from Lisbeth without their being observed either by his wifo or the servants. There was one awaiting him now, with a small P marked in the oorner, which meant that he was to open it when no one was by. The sign some what astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it, Bhe had declined, saying “that the letters she intended to write him in the future would bo of Buoh a nature that anyone might read Something unexpected, then, had occurred, Sir Clement'feared, as he stood in the street tearing open the letter with, trembling fingers, “ perhupB the other child also was By ono of those provorse whims, for which ho himself could have given no reason, over since tho boy’s death, Clement Dunraven had found himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa, of whoso existence he had not taken any account until within tha last few weeks. If any sickness or troublo had overtaken her, he felt ho would he sorry on bis own aeoonut, as well as for Lisbeth’s, whose idol ho knew she was. But Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him so, and he felt relieved. Very soon, however, was ho to have his rising spirits dashed to the ground as he wont on with the Iotter and read tho whole aooount of Lisbetli’a interview with the Hev Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, ho feared, was the relentless pursuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out his Bin. •UIBDCIU IIuU oetfU mum juuiuuua, u.Li.'j. UOU laid the ghost for awhile, truo, loyal woman that she was; but there was no Baying when it would begin to stall: agnin, or at what point of his travels he might meet it. He took along walk beforo ho returned to Lady Gertrude, although there wore several letters at the post-office which he knew she would be glad to have ; but he felt he did not dare meet her questioning glaneea until, after thiB fresh blow, ho could manage to assume something of his wonted calm, One omission ho blamed Lisboth for in his mind. Wliy had she not asked where on the Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his sick wife ? It would have been so easy to avoid that particular spot, and with tho small means the SingletonB had, they were not likoly to travo) about much. Now he would be kept in constant dread, examin ing hotel visitors’ hooks, looking into tho face of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, Igbc the man who Bpoke should bo Singloton, whose personal appear ance he had totully forgotten. Ob, it would bo too dreadful, a now phaso and a most terrifying one in the painful life-drama ho had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himself. When he reached the hotel, before he went into the room whore Lady Gertrude was, he began the inquiries which would now be his daily task, by examining the book that lay on tho table in the hall. No suohrame as Singleton. He passed on to his wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her, . * , « While eh# read them he stood looking at himself in the glass that hung over tho ""Engrossed in her oorrespondonoo, she did not heed what he was doing until he said: “Do youknow, Gertie, I have a mind to let my bearc grow. It will bo wonderfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becom ing, too, raispeot.” Sho laughed as she Basd : t •» You conceited boy, yes, lot it grow, l should like io seo yon with a board. No one will recognise you when you get back to England." . , She little ruessed that this was what be was aiming »t, and that, as for conceit, evorv particle of it had died out of him months ago. , (to he continued ) 