DISTURBING A RELIGIOUS SERVICE. CHARLES WEST AT ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. At the City Police Court on Monday Charles West was charged with being a pauper lunatic. Prom the evidence of Con stable Kelly it: appeared that the defendant was at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday and stated that he was Jesus Christ, that he had come to stop the Bocrament, and as he had served five years' imprisonment in Victoria for the same offence he was determined to carry it out to the end. West entered the cathedral and was turned out. He attempted to enter the building a second time and was promptly turned out; The defendant when asked if he had "any thing to say said it was 40 years since God had given him divine instruction concerning the personal reign of ChriBt on earth, and that information also constituted him the Son of. God and gave him divine authority to make that knowledge known to the Christian Church. Por 40 years he had repeatedly done that, but they had rejected the divine teaching of the Hoiy Ghost. He had had to endure several imprisonments in his great aim to oarry out his Master's instructions, one term being for being insane, though he was as sane at the time as God could make him. After the divine inspiration he had received he would be indeed a wicked man if he did not do what he had done. That the ministers of Christ rejected the special teaching of the Christ and took theeacramentseemed to him the moBt unmitigated sin against the Holy Ghost that the world bad ever witnessed, as it ex ceeded the sin of the oruoifixion of Christ. The bench considered the aecused was not responsible for his actions in that particular matter, and referred him - to Dr. Pwbank for medical examination. The garden fete in aid of the Walkerville Orphans' Homes, which was begun at the residenoe of Mrs. L. A. Jessop, Barton terrace west, North Adelaide, on Saturday, was conoluded on Monday. The attendance was not so good as that of the opening day, and the takings were consequently not so large. Owing to the bad weather whioh has prevailed the fair was not suoh a success as was anticipated, but a good sum haa never theless been obtained. 