TAMWORTH ELECTORATE. Mit. J. M. TOOHKY'S CAimniATUBE. TAMWORTH, TironsDAY. Mr. .T. M. Toohoy addressed a largo meeting at thi Olympic Hall lost evening, tho Mayor prosidiug. Mr. TOOHEY said he carno to tight Sir Gocrgi Dibbs, and to dnvo him out of public life. He du dared that boldly and manf ully^ Where was Si; George Dibbs'« backbone ? ït was not nt Wo« Svdnoy, nor at Murrumbidgee, nor at Tamworth Tho Tremior, who had nover stood twice for th( same constituency, had outraged the consti- tution and betrayed protection. (A Voico : " Wo'vi only your word for teat.") He (Mr. Toohoy) in coming to 'Tamworth had been accused of being actuated by spite. (A Voice : "To wash your dirty linon.") Ho had no personal spite agaiust the Promior, whoso private character was boyond reproach, but he opposed Sir Georgo Dibbs for tho great wrongs he liad inflicted on tho country. Ii that was spite, then he waa actuated by spitu. The Premiar, in hi« address on Monday night, said that tho Government was only "able to pass two measures, the Electoral Act, which ho (Mr. Toohoy) coutendnd contained diuicultics that would moko it inoperative, and tho emasculated Mining on Private Property Act. If tho Govern- ment could not pass measures, what right had tiley to retain powor and draw their salaries ? Sir George Dibbs had resurrected tho Local Government Bill, which had been boforo Parliament for the Jost . 14 years, half of which timo Sir Gooago Dibbs himself had been in office but bad never attempted to pass tho bill. Tho Premier now asked for another three years' lease of powor ; but what guarantee had they ho would redeem bia f)romi6e ? Tho Government had tricked Parliament est Decembor by a proclamation proroguing tho House, and had tricked them again over the disso- lution. Mr. Toohoy condomncd tho villago settle- ment clause in the Government Land Bill, as an attempt to legislate for ono soction of the community instead of for the wholo people. It was :a splendid thing to bo Promier of tho colony, and to moke promises, but it was another tiling to keep them. Sir George Dibbs's broken promises could only be taken as tho value to bo put upou his public utterances. 'Whore were the ll measures which the Premier had promised when he took office P Ho (Mr. Toohey) promised, if eleetod, to endeavour to put n tax on tho uuimproved land values. That was ' tho acme of legis- lation. Sir George Dibbs on Monday night said that ho would again take £1000 to go to Eng- land, if necessary, claiming that by Iiis action he had obtained four millions of money, which had been spent in wages. He (Mr. Toohey) asked if there had been more employment for tho people «ince Sir ] -^George-'"Dibbi had' como back, (A "Voico . 1 " No, loss.'1) Then where had the money gone ? Mir George Dibhe before going away told tho other colonies that he waft going tn England about tho silver ourreucy. Ho knew no moro about tho silver ourrrsncy than his Bp BC tao] es did. They nhould stop borrowing. There waa no need to go for money to Eut;hud. (A Votes: " You go thcro for your milt.") If tho Government would tato tho dutv off boar and put it on malt und hops ho guaranteed to employ an- other 'J000 mon wi thru two yoars. Tho tariff i of tho present Government only destroyed protooticn. Sir George Bibbs said ha was going to establish a » I finking fund. Thora had always boen deßoloneiös in j tho rovos us. Whore wcro they going to establish a finking fuud except by farther borrowing? Sir | Georga Dibbs showed that ha know nothing about ¡ tho now land bill. If ho had bean convorsant with | its provisions ho would not have had to read them by the light of ix tallow j candia when speaking on Monday uight. j Fédération was another resurrected ghost. Tho pro- bability was that Sir George Dibbs would not contest Tamworth at all. A canvass was now being made , for him it Jnvoroll, but wherover Sir George Hibbs docided to go he (Mr. Toohoy) would follow. At tho closo of tho mooting a voto of confldenco 1 was declared carried unanimously. Sir George Dibbs to-day gava a douial in most positivo terms to the utatnmont mado by Mr. Toohoy that ho intends to go to Inverell. WEST MACQUARIE ELECTORATE. BLAYNEY, TntrnsDAT. 1 At thc Labour Electoral Lenguo meeting last night arrangements wcro mado for the appointment of scrutineers, issuing political posters, handbills, and in tho transaction of general business in wupport of Mr. Bridgman's candidatura. Groat activity is hoing manifested by all tho political parties,.and a keen contest is anticipated. 