[?] < — - J,. / UINDLY allow ino to Introduce lay self. II \ Of course, you will imagine that the somewhat commonplace person who calls himself the author of this story is addressing i yon. Nothing of the sort. I have rented him for the occasion, although I am sensible he makes but a poor vehicle for the trans mission of ghostly thoughts and ideas. Still, as it was necessary to materialise myself for this occasion, and he happened to be to let, I closed with him at once, on the condition that he should have a vacation in space until midnight. This arrangement will enable me to briefly ' tell you how I, a disembodied ghost — not that I ever heard of any other kind of ghost — am speaking to you with the voice of a living man — at least he thinks himself a man. 1 want to tell how I visited Aunt Matilda and had it out with her. I admit that the proceeding was rude, but I really couldn't help myself. Any ghost with a shadow of shadowy self- respect would have treated her in the same way. Only last night I was off duty in Shadow- land. Something had disagreed with me. My bones ached ; they weren't properly articulated — I believe that is the correct term. One also suffers from rheumatism in Ghostland, not to any great extent, but just sufficiently so to be unpleasant. " Kindly put out your tongue," said my professional adviser, still sticking to wordly phraseology from sheer force of habit. I hadn't a tongue, so I couldn't. " My dear Biffles," he said (my name is ' Billies), as he dug me in the ribs until they ; rattled, " my dear Biffles," what we want is change of scene. We're decidedly low — pining for something. "We've been here twenty years without a holiday and it's growing monotonous. We must have a ' night off. We want tone— bracing up — we want to think of something unpleasant ; which will instantly dissipate the placidity V o; Ghostland. Someone who used to quarrel with us in the old days when we were alive. Think, we must think, of some one down s there." "No; can't think of anyone down there. " r I said, after a moment of shadowy reflec- |: i tion ; " it's a long time ago." "Think," my doctor repeated, as he felt j for an imaginary watch, and rammed it into a non-existent pocket. "Someone who ; used to disagree with you very much, p Didn't you— eh — ever marry down there?" Then I remembered Matilda. A shudder ; ran down my spine. " No — no," I said ; 44 very nearly, but she wriggled out of it." , 44 Is she — eh — still down there ?" he asked, in his old professional tones. "We want a tonic, my dear Biffles — we want tone — we . want rousing — forcibly rousing — we — we ' must look her up if she hasn't married. She'll rouse us. Who was she?" : " Matilda," I said sorrowfully, for I didn't want to be roused (I remember Matilda's I - methods of rousing me in the past). She i was very pretty then, but had a — a temper enough to make your bones rattle. "All, yes; just the very thing, the very thing for us," he murmured. "Go down and call there to-night. You will be thank ful enough to get back again, but it will, '' doubtless, make a little change for you." Somehow I had forgotten all about ' Matilda. She had been one of the dreams I . had failed to grasp when I was alive. We were psychical affinities once. How pretty she was then ! Golden hair, too, and blua eyes, and a voice like the soft music of the wind among the pine tops when— when she wasn't angry ; but when she was angry it became like the roaring of a gale at sea. Ah, that temper ! She said she would never marry a man who smoked, unless be did it /' in a greenhouse where it would keep off the flies. And so we had parted. She said that I seemed to think that matrimony was all Binoke; and that smoke in drawing-room curtains was a thing no woman would put r up with. So we agreed to disagree. I caught the ten o'clock Phantom Special, and readied London in forty- Ave seconds. The guard landed me in Matilda's drawing- room. In another second I found myself confronting two psychical affinities. Just imagine yourself transferred from the chill, shadowy depths of Ghostland to a world of warmth and light and love. The fire burned brightly ; a cat purred on the hearth. The room was gay and cosy, the : air sweet with the fragrance of flowers. Not the scent of cold, dead blossoms, but living incense which floated around what had once been my heart, as I raised my hands in mute benediction over his black curls and her golden hair. I gathered from their conversation that the golden-haired girl was Matilda's niece. r He was called Dick, and her name was Emily. J further gathered that she was dependent on Matilda, who ruled her with the rod of iron wherewith she had ruled me in the days of old, when I was expected either not to smoke or to do so without spoiling the curtains. Matilda, it appeared, had resolved never , f to consent to Dick and Emily's marriage, .which was just what might have been expected from Matilda. -Matilda had gone to bed with cotton wool in her ears and a cold in her nose. And poor Dick'had crept down the area, and cook had let him in to spend a few minutes with the beloved one, just to renew their vows and comfort each other. He was full of hope. The world was hard, he said, but love was stronger than the world or even death itself, and he would conquer the world, and they would live happily ever after in a suburban villa, without being afraid of even a tax collector. Then he somewhat sorrowfully, for all his brave words, went away, and Emily, her face buried in the sofa, prayed for something to soften that portion of Matilda's anatomy which she called a heart. I felt a- phantom tear steal down where my nose should have been. Then I laid my flesh-hand on Emily's shoulder and pressed a shadowy kiss upon her lair white forehead. " Don't be afraid, my dear," I said, softly. ; " I'll tackle Matilda ; she can't hurt me — ' now and I was upstairs before Emily could give more than a startled little scream and hide her face. in the sofa cushion. I suppose it was rather a rude thing to enter a lady's room at that hour, especially as I hadn't been invited to do so, and did'nt even knock. But I was very angry with Matilda. She had made me miserable on earth for twenty years, and now she was carrying on the same sort of thing with ' these young people. I perched on the rail at the foot of the bed, and tried to prevent my teeth from chattering. Matilda sat up in bed with the wool in her 'ears and a stocking tied round her bead. As a preliminary proceeding I blew out the wool. It is a favourite trick of you mortals to stuff things in your ears and not listen. \- A fire burnt cheerfully in the grate. . (Matilda always could take care of herself.) On her little round table stood a bottle labelled "The mixture. To be taken as : before." It. smelt (in spite of disguising /.peppermint) like some I had tasted— some thing with an aroma — at bachelor parties when I was alive. I reached over, and, .forgetting my. physical limitations, drank j some. Yes, I was right ; it was much stronger thap peppermint. It ran down over the bed, but, fortunately for me, . Matilda failed to notice it. As I scurried back to the bed tail, i Matilda saw me and groaned. (Matilda : was always rude.) She appeared to be terribly frightened. "It's only me Matty," I said, thinking the endearing diminutive \- " Matty " might Soothe Jjct. "It's only me. I've just dropped in far a quiet chat — from up there." . '' " Matilda's wr:/ji.ied and ill-tempered .. bid face turned, white. She tried to fehide it in the clothes," but I. wouldn't Jet k her. L " I'm— -I'm afraid it is rather indelicate, blatty," I said. .".But I'm here on busi- and. it won?t keep. It's no use Keaming for anyone. They can't turn me Klatildu recovered. .(That woman always d tf Jl » \- I - !eh« saiff ai T if shTdicln't think nach it! me. " I— I fancied yeu had gone to a place where they couldn't give up smoking." Just like Matty. Always ungenereus, always unforgiving. It made me feel alive again just to hear her shrewish tones. She. evidently wasn't a bit afraid of me new. That made the whole scene seem natural at once. " Just explain what you mean by coming n at this hour. If you'd, been alive you would not have dared. I'd have scratched your eyes out." " True enough," I said, meditatively. u I should have been frightened. Time hasn't softened you much, Matty." 44 No," she said, 44 I'm as tough as old red sandstone. If you don't go away I'll throw things at you. What do you want ? " " Only one thing," I said. 44 You're very comfortable here, Matty. How do you do it ? Two and three-quarter per cent. Goschens ?" 44 Never you mind," she snapped. 44 You left me the money." 44 Yes," I said, thoughtfully nursing my left leg and balancing myself in an airy attitude on the rail, just to let her see that I wasn't frightened. 44 Yes, I did. That's what I've come about." 44 Well, you can't have it," she replied. 44 You'd better be off. If you come again Til prosecute you. You never did have any sense of propriety when you were alive." a Always hasty, Matty. Ah, me ; what an escape I had." i She sat up in bed angrily, 44 If you don't go 1 11 have you turned out. 44 If you're not quiet I'll compromise you, Matty," I said. 44 You rigid Wesleyans don't like a scandal, and I'll materialise myself. How do you like that ? " 44 If you take the same shape you once had," she replied, 44 1 shouldn't like it at all. What d'you want ? " 44 Only one thing — charming turban you're wearing, Matty. There was always some thing Oriental in your style of beauty. Oh, yes ; it was just a trifle I wanted." 44 What is it?" 44 You must make over your 2f per cent. Goschens to your niece and consent to her marriage with Dick, or " 1 paused significantly. 44 Or what ?" she enquired. 44 Well, you see— but I'd rather not explain. " 44 You must." 44 Oh, very well, if you insist I suppose I'll have to. You know where you hinted I came from ?" She nodded until her turban came off. 44 Well, I don't want to seem unkind, Matty, but unless you do as I wish about that little matter you'll have to go back with me." She shrieked. Then she reflected. 44 1 could make it very uncomfortable for you there, I suppose ?" " Perhaps, but I'm willing to give up my personal comfort for the sake of those young people." 44 You always were a fool," she sneered. (Her rudeness was quite refreshing. I felt ever so much better.) 44 You always were a fool. But I'll do it, if only to get rid of you." 44 It's a promise ?" I asked. 44 Of course ; I never break my word." 44 No ; you'd rather break someone's else's heart. Then we may consider this little matter arranged?" I slid on to the counterpane and laid an icy hand upon her heart. 44 Yes— yes," she gasped. 44 D — don't do that again ; you'll make my cold worse. Only go and I'll swear to do it." 44 No, your promise is sufficient," and I turned to go. 44 That's all. Good-night." 44 Good-night! she snapped, 44 I'll sebble all that to-morrow." 44 You — you wouldn't like to shake hands ?" I suggested timidly (I always was afraid of her). 44 Shake hands before we part. I mightn't get a night off for another twenty years. We —we've had a very enjoy able tete-a-tete. Quite like old times." She held out a hand almost as cold as my own. Then she began to cry. People do cry after ta.king too much peppermint. 44 What's the matter, Matilda ?" I asked, in astonishment. 44 1 really did love you," she sobbed. 44 1 — I should like to kiss you just once." 1 started back in terror. 44 Really, Matilda, I have a repuation to maintain. This is alittle too much. I'm only an unpro tected ghost. You shouldn't, you know, really," and I sped from the room. 44 1 wonder if that sweet girl will ever know," I thought to myself, as I entered Emily's room. Enfolded in her golden hair, she lay sleep ing, a smile upon her lovely lips. Her white eyelids were closed over her beauti ful eyes : one little while hand lay on the coverlet. I fell on my ghostly knees, and the warmth and life of the gill's sweet nature stole into me as I lifted her hand to my phantom lips and then faded noiselessly away into the Kingdom of Dreams and Shadows, back to the quiet, drowsy haunts of my fellow-spirits, there to linger, though longing to take my place again in all the fit ful fever and the strife which men call life. — Exchange. A NOBLE ACT. There was an old negro floating in a skiff on the head waters of the Licking. He was fishing— fish mighty fine down that way. He had a boy in the boat with hhn who kept looking into the water until he losb his balance and disappeared in the water. Quicker than I could tell you the old man had his coat off and dove for the boy. He brought him up all right, and then rowed for the bank. When they got out, dripping, of course, a white man, who had seen the whole business, complimented the old man on his heroic act. 44 He must be a son of yours ? " said the white man. 44 No ; no, sah ; no son of mine." 44 Nephew, then 2 " " No, sah." 44 Cousin ? " 44 No ; no cousin." 44 Then you deserve all the more credit for saving hie life." 44 Well, I doan' know 'bout dat, boss. You see be had all de bait in his -pocket." AND LINDLEY MURRAY WEPT. To a Park-row waiter belongs the proud distinction of uttering what is probably the most ungrammatical sentence ever evolved from the brain of illiterate man. Saturday afternoon an old man took his seat at the table, and gave bis usual order to a new and rather case-hardened plate- tosser. 44 Waiter," he replied, as the dishes were slammed down before him, 44 this beef isn't sufficiently underdone." With a smile of contempt, the servitor bore the viands back to the kitchen window, and "returned a moment later without having changed them. 44 Say old gent," he hissed through his clinched teeth, 44 we ain't got no beef what's no underdoner!" SOME "DONTS" FOR GIRLS. Don't believe implicitly everything he tells you 'when he is wooing you. Don't let him win your love too easily ; men do" not like that ; they ' would rather have a little trouble to gain you. Don't worry the life out of him by asking him 44 Why do you love me ?" He does not always have an answer for you. Don't bother him too much about your hats and gowns ; a man likes to think you dress to please him, but he has other things to .talk: about. . Don't ignore the fact when he wears anew necktie ; if a man has a tender spot of vanity it is generally his tie. In a small town in Lancashire a minister closed his sermon the other day with these words : 44 We would. be pleased, moreover, to have the young man who is standing outside the door come in and make certain whether she is here or not. That would be a great deal better than opening the door half an inch and exposing the people in the last row of seat to draught,"' v 