THE CARDINAL AND THE PREMIER. "On© touch of nature makes the world kin" must have suggested itsel£ to every one's mind on reading the report o£ the recent gathering at St. Joseph's College at Hunter's-hill. Hero we had the pleasing spectacle o£ ono of the most distinguished princes of the Roman Church, Cardinal Moran, who may be the next Pope — who can tell? — welcoming the Premier of N.S. W., a Presbyterian, amid a company com prising men of all varieties of religious faith. This Incident shows that in Lliis country we are at last commencing to shako ourselves free from the unholy chains of sectarian bigotry and strife, which have so long retarded our progress. Intellectually, morally, socially, and politi- ticaliy. It is, indeed, a welcome sign of enlightenment, and can only be attributed to the spread of education, for it may be accepted /is a truism that men of educa tion and experience of tho world aud their fellow-men are rarely, if ever, bigots; the vice of bigotry belonging almost solely to those of uninformed minds or cram pod in tellects. But there was another and deeper meaniug.to tho gathering down the river on Monday. This was that those who wero present bore witness by their presence to tho necessity, so long insisted on, of- mak ing religion the foundation stone of any system of education of the young. Tho great college in which the distinguished company met was in itself a reminder of this truth, and a silent asscrter of the fact that unless children are taught to honor tho laws of God they can hardly be ex pected to honor those of inan. It may bo that somo were there who dkl not take this view ol the matter, but that was the lesson mutely expressed by the grey stones of the majestic pile by the river side; a les son which all people \t-ho place faith in the Creator, wliethcr they may be Roman Ca tholics, Protestants, Russo-Greok Catholics, Jews, Mahommedans, Buddhists, Confuscians or Parsees. sooner or later, learn the value of. Tho whole structure of civilised society rests on this foundation, and for this rea son our great Australian Cardinal is, as the Premier gracefully acknowledged, for ever impressing 011 the minds of those under his charge the imperative necessity of cultivat ing the spirit of true patriotism, which Im plies, of course, due obedience to tv, laws of the country. Such teaching as this can not hut make for good in tile future, and as education spreads, accompanied by such moral training as only specially educated men — call them priests, parsons. Rabbis, or ministers, as wo may— can give, it will becomo more and more difficult for politi cians to set people by the throat over ques tions affecting "King Billy," .the "Kiama Ghost," and other matters equally out of place and date here, as has unhappily been the case 111 times past. And by way of affording all classes an equal opportunity of exercising their intellectual' faculties, the Leger Proprietary are now offering £100 in 12 prizes for a competition of literary and original contributions. The competi tion will closo on the 15th inst., and full particulars may he ohlained from all tobac conists or storekeepers who sell tho dark Leger tobacco for smoking or chewing, or from frequent press advertisements, uch gatherings as that at Hunter's-hill on Mon day will do more toward bringing the vari ous sections of our people together in U10 bonds- of true citizen friendship than a score of Federal Conventions, and it would be well if other great educational centres followed the example Llius set. 