The Dawson River Ghost. Br M.H.F. "We were camped round the fire after a bard days' work, for we had come from Wejjpabalaroo, a good fifteen miles, that day. We had been delayed by rains, and were obliged to push our cattle. Three hundred and fifty, wc had, of as nicc a lot of cattle as were ever taken to the Creek. They were a real good lot, and averaged SOOlbs. all through, and I still think I can see the look of pleasure on the poor old boss's face when we got back. But this is digressing, as the novelists say. Well, we were, as I have said, seated, or more correctly, squatted, round the fire, enjoying our smoke and rest. A deep silence had fallen upon us, which was at length broken by Charlie St. Clair. " The cattle seem quiet enough just now," he said, "tired out, I suppose. Bobby and Spider haven't much to do to keep them from rushing." " Yes," said I, " they will do if the ghost does not come out and start them." "Ghost! What ghost?" exclaimed both Charlie St. Clair and Harry Barrett in unison. " Did you never hear that this cross ing is haunted?" " No, and neither did you till this moment. Ghost? Not bad for an amateur," and they both laughed heartily. " All right, my lads, laugh away, but I can assure you that the place is haunted by a ghost—the ghost of a traveller. He carries a black billy and humps old bluey." " That be blowed for a yarn. Wasn't the whisky good, or has the damper stuck in your gizzard ?" said Charlie. " Fancy old Jackson setting up for a ghost fancier!" laughed Harry. " Won ders will never cease, bnt, as his ghost ship isn't round to-night, and it's a good half-hour off our watch, pitch us a yarn. A ghost yarn will do, but let our friend, the tramp, rest." I didn't feel much inclined to tell a yarn myself, but these young fellows have a way of getting round us old fogies, so I commenced :— When I was some years younger and very much better off than now—before I started the cultivation of a fly patch,1 which, by the way, you young fellows mil soon have if you don't give up felt hats—I was managing a station about thirty miles from Springsure. My nearest neighbor, a selector named Murphy, lived above ten miles away. He was a good old fellow, and was, according to the Psalmist, particularly blest, for he had his quiver full—thirteen —no less. The eldest girl, Julia, was a bouncing beauty, then about eighteen, the loveliest age in the Australian girl, and she was as good as she was pretty. Talk about a helpful girl, too! There wasn't a thing she could not do. Many a time I have come across her helping her brothers at fenoing, working away like a brick, or panning out dirt for her father in tae scrub, where Murphy had found a patch that was to make all their fortunes. Having plenty of time on my hands, and finding it drag rather heavily, I started a mild flirtation with Julia. She flirted as well as she did most things, aud before I knew where I was I found myself dreaming of her curls and dimples, recalling her saucy speeches, and specu lating upon the advisability of just popping the question. I knew thoroughly well that Julia, left to herself, would promptly refuse me, and moreover tell me that she would rather have Tim Jones' little finger than the whole of my body. I also knew that if I appealed to her parents they would accept me as their future son-in law, and make poor Julia give her reluctant consent. So things went on. I felt very lonely and miserable. My cook and house- j keeper was a wretch. When I almost prayed her to give me some decent food, she turned on me with :— " Dhacent food is it yer askin' for ? Dhacent food ? Well give me the con vayniencies and I'll cook for yer ; but there's no convayniencies in this dhirty, Bthinking phlace, so there isn't. You bring a woman up here from a dhacent place in town, and throw her down wid a lot of dhirty, sthinking blacks, 60 yer do, and then yer have the chake to ask lier to cook somethin' dhacent fur yer ! Ye call yerself a jintleman. Ach ! divil take yer (spitting) yer like the rest of ibim!" I tried in vain to get someone else. No one would go. The place possessed the reputation of being haunted by a Spanish girl who bad been murdered by the blacks in tbe early days. So I made up my mind to propose to Julia via her father and mother. I accordingly did so in writing, and, as I expected, received their consent. I wrote off fixing the following Wed nesday as the night upon which I should be at the house to ask for the fair Julia's band. Wednesday came, and I got myself up in my very best style. I left home at about half-past four, intending to get there in time for tea, pass a little time in the company of Julia, and then ride back again, for I was in the full swing of mustering. I met Mick Flynn on the road, and, stopping to yam with him made me late, consequently I did not reach Murphy's horse paddock till about half-past seven. I don't know whether I told you that the horse paddocks were beside a little bush cemetery, in which were buried several people who had fallen victims to the blacks, including the Spanish girl who " walked." I tied up my horse, and, fixing myself pretty, made tracks for the home of my adored one. I had just got beside the cemetery gate, when a noise in that direction caused me to look round. It was pretty dark, and all I could see were two brilliant points of fire. " What the devil is it?" I exclaimed. The points seemed to glow more brightly. " Well, whatever it is, here goes, and I aimed my match-box at it. With a wild yell it disappeared. In mortal fright I took to my heels and ran. On, on, I went. In a minute I was in the creek, with a thick scrub on each side of me. Once across that and I should see Murphy's light, when Something struck me in that region which my old schoolmaster had so often introduced to the birch. Over I went. Straight into tbe water and mud. With a wild yell of terror I was up again, and once more I ran a few paces and over I went again. Up and on once more. Murphy's light, thank God! Again the place which nature had provided was vilely assaulted, and I was thrown forward, sprawling on my hands and knees. An awful sound of laughter rent the air. Terrified, I. went forward at an incredible pace on my hand and knees. Murphy's door was open, and in I crawled abjectly. " Mother of Moses!" screamed Mrs. Murphy, "and is it yerself, Mister Jackson? Gawd save us now, what have ye been doin'?" I could not answer for fright and tbe mouthful of mud I had swallowed. " Poor divil! Poor divil," she said, pityingly, seeing my straits and jabbing the finger and thumb of one hand into my mouth, while with the other she rubbed my head with a tea-cloth. " Did ye see Joolia at all. I sint her along the track a pace to meet yer, thinkin' it best for ye both to get it over. I'll bring yer a soot of Murphy's close. Don't let her see yer like that. Girls is so asily turned. Here, drink this whis key, man." At that moment J alia entered. " Oh, Mr. Jncl:«on, I hope he did not hurt you. I never saw him go at anyone like that before." Then it came out that she had comc as far as the creek to meet me, taking with her a pet ram. This beast, taking me in the dark for Billy, her brother, for whom he had a special aversion, had attacked me in the rear. Tbe unearthly laughter which I thought I had heard was his ramship bleating in triumph, and now, when I thought calmly over the matter, I came to the conclusion that the points of fire and wild yell belonged to a cat, which had taken up its position in anticipation of a musical evening. Julia married me. I think pity for mv deplorable condition killed her heart, and, of course • " Ye Gods!" The exclamation came from Charlie. He was pointing towards the river bank, and I quickly turned my gaze in that direction. There was the Dawson River Ghost. A swagman, carrying a black billy and humping his swag, made towards us, limping painfully. Harry seized a piece of burning wood and shouted. " Speak, or I'll throw this at you!" No answer was returned. Harry aimed the burning brand. Whirr! Through the air it went, and straight through our visitor, who was in the full glow of the fire-light. He gave a fiendish grin, disclosing two rows of toothless gums and dis appeared. The cattle had seen him ! They were off in an instant, and we were soon after them. They got about three miles before we steadied them. We wanted no rest that night. In the early morning we sent the blackboys back for our packs and things. Nothing had been touched. On our way back we had to pass the same spot. We did in it daylight. There we saw the remains of the camp fire, and the brand which Harry hail flung at the spectre. I do not know how to account for the apparition. I only know that it is a real ity, and any who does not believe it may prove its truth by camping on the box flat, four miles above the bridge, where cattle are crossed. 