THE JANUARY MAGAZINES. ' ii! The -COHoniic Journal!, the organ of the British Economic Association, gives prominence to an article on the agricultural problem, in which attention is called to the fact that population is increasing in a much greater ratio than the wheat acreage of the world; that "nothing but the enormous crops of the United States in 1899 and 1892 saved the world from an actual scarcity of wheat ;" and that the probability is that this grain " will not be, as a rule, nearly as cheap as it has been during the last nine years." The area under cultivation for wheat in the United States has been actually stationary during the last, decade, while the population has increased by, more than 12 millions. Ki on in India there has been a decrease of more than a million acres since 1888." Speaking of the supply of cheap cattle to the British market from the other side of the Atlantic, the writer states that heavy losses have been incurred by such shipments ; but, he tells, " there appears to be no end to the development of the trade in frozen meat from New Zealand and Australia," Summing the outlook for the British farmer generally, and contemplating the arrival of a time "when the available lands of the world will be covered by settlers, there is reason," we are told, to feel confident of more prosperous times for the cultivators of the soil than they have enjoyed for many years past." With lower rents, cheaper money, a greater variety of crops, and the concentration of capital upon smaller areas of land, the writer is convinced that the greatest of national industries " will be placed upon a sounder footing than it has ever before enjoyed, although its complete revival may be gradual and slow." An examination of the report of the Indian Currency Committee has led Mr L. L. Price to the conclusion that it contains a powerful armoury of arguments in favour of a bimetallic currency ; while he argues, such a system possesses the promise of stability, which cannot be predicted, he says, of the measures recently adopted, as a choice of two evils, by the Indian Government. Those measures are also criticised and condemned by Mr. William Fowler, who asserts that "the whole scheme is based on an abandonment of silver as true money-a proceeding which ought not surely to be encouraged by England merely because she has chosen gold for her own use." Nor Ought the mother country, it is timed, to force on the people of India a change which she herself would certainly Present if India sought to impose her favourite money upon Great Britain. Discussing the question of competition as it affects banking, with more especial reference to these colonies, Mr. F. K Steele sets forth both the advantages and the disadvantages attending it. he considers that, on the one hand, the rivalry of bunks " has minimised the difficulty of obtaining capital, thutstrongbanks have become stronger, weaker institutions have been weeded out, lending rates have fallen, industry and enterprise have been fostered, and the evils which accompany monopoly in its various forms have been effectually prevented." On the other hand, competition has led to the excessive multiplication of branch banks and to advances upon property at top prices of an inflated value, Blackwood has a singularly vivid paper entitled," Recollections of the Commune," some idea of which may be formed from passages like the following :-" I saw one morning. The men led out for execution, their arms tied back, and as they went a crowd of women rushed at them, forced them on to their knees, struck them in the face, and spat at them. If the soldiers sent to shoot them had not rescued them, those women would have torn their hair off." Another extract relates to a continent, with nothing on her but a torn chemise and uniform trousers. A soldier, bleeding to death, dragged her forward, stammering out hoarsely, "She has killed my captain ; she has killed two of my corn rules ; she has cut my throat, and yet I bring her to you live!" "And then the poor young fellow dropped heavily on the ground, his name ringing on the stone as it fell! with him." The graceful and. glowing tribute which is paid to the genius and character of Sir Walter Scott in a review of his Letters" could scarcely have proceeded from any other pen than that of Mrs. Oliphant,' and few of his own countrymen will refuse to tie thieves in her estimate of him as the second glory of the Anglo-Saxon race, and as a man whose life was 113 noble, and beautiful as his intellect. In un easily on ghosts up to date Mr. Andrew lang, after investigating the evidence for and against such abnormal phenomena, comes to the conclusion that either they are entities, or that there is unanimity in imposture or in imagination " on the part of those who report them. The aspects of animated nature after nightfall have been rarely more carefully observed, and never more cleverly described, than by "A Son of the Marshes," in a picturesque paper on the subject, covering only eight pages, Half a dozen new books serve as the text for an acceptable analysis and epitome of their contents, and will enable idle people to talk about them as confidently as if they had read them. Captain F. D, Lugard contributes a sort of aide memoire on East and West African slavery, and the drink and arms traffic in those regions, for the information of the Imperial Ministry and of members of Parliament, and by way of supplement to the valuable work he has just published, under the title of The Rime of the East African Umpire. Mr. Arnold Ifaultain's account of a country walk in Canada is scarcely up to the literary standard of Blackwood and Sir Theodore Martin's poem on Prince Alexander of Bulgaria is little better than a string of feeble platitudes. Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues are flagellated in the political article as a ring of stock jobbers, whose " practice of obtaining in advance the support of large sections of the community by Contracting liabilities of which the re- demption is uncertain and remote, must," it is alleged, gradually eat into the heart of Parliament by destroying all confidence in the principles and pledges protected or put forth by public men." Mr. J. W. Fortescue reviews, in Macmillan, the story of the expedition to the West Indies in 1945, which he describes as the first of England's " little wars," It is a page of our national history which cannot be looked back upon with any degree of pride of satisfaction, and the worshippers of Oliver Crom- well must find themselves hard pressed when they endeavour to justify his wholesale de- portation of boys and girls, its well as adults, from Ireland to Jamaica, where their position did not materially differ from that of slaves. Another writer furnishes a pleasant sketch of two "gentlemen of leisure," the one tin old-fashioned country clergyman, and the other a Scottish tramp, not unrelated, perhaps, to Edie Ochiltree, who was welcomed at the fireside of the farmer and the third for the sake of the gossip he brought them. Mr. Gilbert Parker con- tributes a romantic story of bushranging in Queensland, in which fact and fiction are ingeniously interwoven, and a dramatic complexion is thereby given to the narrative. The novels of Fielding and Smollett, cover- ing that period of Whig supremacy which began with the accession of Walpole and ended with the dismissal of Newcastle, present 11 surprisingly accurate picture of the political life and morality of the period, as is shown by a skilful piece of mosaic which someone has been at the pains to compose from the materials thus provided. George the Third was probably not far wrong when he said of the trade of politics as he found it when he came to the throne, "It's a rascally business ; a trade for arscoundrel, not for a gentleman." An essay on Vincent Voiture, one of the shining lights of that group of superfine people who used to assemble at the Hotel Rambouillet, serves to show the really important services he rendered to the French language by giving it a flexibility and a grace it did not previously possess, and by having done for French prose what Dryden did for English. The Magazine of Art contains a memoir of Puvis de Chnvannes, one of those rare and fortunate artists who came of a noble family, inherited an ample fortune, and has been enabled to follow out his own theories of art in disregard of rich patrons and of popular fashion or caprice, and without troubling himself about schools or styles. Prince. 11. Karageorgevitch, the writer of the article, is very enthusiastic on the subject of his 'tone and colour. Some reproductions of the portrait statues and ideal sculpture of the late C. B. lurch, A.K.A., one of them being a fountain in Sydney, de- note him to have possessed great fertility of invention with more than ordinary skill in modelling and that he should have made so little headway in his profession Is explained by the fact that he was " wholly devoid of the shop-keeping faculty so indispensable to a sculptor who will make a career in England." He was obliged to "devil" in the service of men who acquired fame and money by works to which they merely attached their names. Mr. William Morris contributes some notes on the illuminated books of the middle ages, with examples of the beautiful cut graph) and of the graceful and elegant drawings which adorned their pages. With the invention of printing the art presently disappeared, but its finest products are now worth considerably more than their weight in gold. An illustrated paper on current art introduces us to several notable pictures in the winter exhibi- tions, Mr. li. C. W. Bunny's " Intruders," which appears to be a pictorial riddle, being among the manner. Mr. C. Phillips continues his notes on the Huston collection and Mr. H. E. Tidmarsh, in his essay on Italian uhinmey-tops, and in his drawings of some of the more remarkable of thorn, trade during a recent tour in Lombardy, shows how picturesquely these objects were treated by the mediaeval architects of Verona, Pavia, Bergamo, and other cities of Northern Italy. Sir. 0. Morgan, M.P., announces in the Gentleman's Magazine the discovery of a new Pool of Bethesda" at Ilamman ll'Ihra, in Algeria, well known to the Romans as Aquai Caliiliu, 1,900ft. above the level of the Ben; and where, he tells us, "alters month's use of the Laths goody old gentlemen take to climbing mountains, and ladies who for months have been crippled with rheumatism throw away their crutches and dance a ma de quatre." The waters closely resemble those of Bath. Under the title of " A Pirate's Paradise," Mr. 0\. II. Powell shows what the West Indies were like when the buccaneers were practically masters of the Spanish Main, and revelled in plunder, crime, and profligate dis- sipation. In some notes on analogies and homolog is, Mr. W. T. Freeman brings forward nothing that will be new to the student of the physical sciences, but he succeeds in popularising, for the general reader, a good deal of information that is ordinarily presented in too abstruse and technical a form to be easily intelligible. Mr. James Milne describes a run across the Atlantic in li days 13 hours 5 minutes, from Sandy 1 look to the Needles, in the Normandie, which has been beaten, however, by the Furst Bismarck, which made the run in 7 minutes less. Mr, A. W. Stewart writes a gossiping paper on some of the old Edinburgh runs as they appeared a century ago and Dr. Jupp offers some entertaining extracts from the recently published ¡{'¡collec- tions of Mr. Jeallrcson. Old London playgoers whose memories go back to the fifties will find some agreeable reminders of vanished actors in a paper by Mr. Percy Fitzgerald and those who take a despond- ing or pessimistic view of the dramatic literature of Great Britain in the present day may be induced to modify those views after reading Mr. Justin H. M'Carthy enthusiastic eulogy of "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray," which is declared to be apart from and immeasur- ably above all other dramas of modern life in this country, as it is also apart from and im- measurably above all Mr. Pinero's previous work." An American journalist contributes to the Arena a striking paper upon the national problem of how the means of subsistence are to be provided for the great and growing army of the unemployed in the United States. This numbers five millions at the present moment and he attributes so alarming a phenomenon to the fact that 'a quarter of a century ago the nation adopted the policy of protection," which had the effect of divorcing the people from the land, with the result that millions are growing up who know nothing of farm work, and would be liable, if they were willing to sustain themselves by it." Another unsatisfactory feature of the times is that the country owes ¿'2,000,000,000 sterling to foreign creditors, the interest upon which has been hitherto paid by annually exporting surplus farm produce of the value of £80,000,000 sterling. But this resource is rapidly coming to an end, and it is expected that, owing to the continuous increase of population, and the impossibility of materially expanding the area devoted to the growth of cereals, the local consump- tion will absorb the whole of the local (supply by the year 1000. What will happen then? There is an active party in the United States known as the: Populists, and their talk is of " being able to legislate to prevent the collection of debts and the foreclosure of mortgages ; also, to place the whole burden of taxation upon foreign property-holders and corporations, in the hope of being able to confiscate such property to the state for non- payment of taxes." How captivating such a policy must appear to the five millions of persons who are without employment, and to the other millions who have a hard struggle to exist under a fiscal system which makes the rich richer and the poor poorer, may be easily lmug'med, and the writer sees no way out of the difficulty but the adoption of bimetallism by all the nations of the two American con- tinents, and international free trade between them in all natural and manufactured products, Most of the articles in the current number of the Forum deal with American topics exclusively, but those of Mr. D. A. Wells, one of the highest authorities on economic science in the United States, and of the Hon. W. L. Wilson, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee in the House of Representatives at Washington, deal with questions of more than local interest. The former enlarges on the fact that probably no other country has ever incurred in so short a time such an amount of financial and industrial disturbance and disaster as the United States have done and he traces these evils, in a very large degree, to protection, the adoption of which he attributes to the deplorable ignorance of the most elementary principles of political economy which prevails, not only among the masses of the people, but among the men It selects for its legislators. Such a suite of things, he observes, is fraught with peril to the very existence of society in that country, and there is no remedy for it, he believes, but popular education with respect to the economic experience of nations, and to those principles of public policy upon which, and upon which alone, the true prosperity of a people can be based. Mr. Wilson explains the principle and method of the new tariff bill, which he assisted to frame. Hestutes that its authors are unflinching believers in the simple truth which has been affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United States, namely, that all taxes exacted from the taxpayer should be for public purposes alone, for," he observes, when the law compels me to contribute my just quota to the support of the Government, it is taxation ; when it compels me to contribute to the supporter any private enterprise, it is robbery. The first is a set off for revenue the second is a tariff for protection." And he goes on to say, the really great and beneficent reform of the bill now before the Senate is "there came from taxation of the great basic materials of modern industry, as well as large and beneficial reductions in the taxes on those products that go into immediate consumption, and are, indeed, the necessaries of life to the working classes. 