Religious The Pope's Golden Rose. (From the Pall Mall Budget.) On the fourth Sunday in Lent every year his Holiness the Pope—"Servant of the Servant of God"—blesses in great state the Papal Holy Rose, which will be presented in Christ, is manifested that most beauteous flower whioh is the joy and crown of all saints. Receive this, thou dearly beloved son, who art, aooording to the age, noble, potent, and endowed with many virtues, that thou mayest be more fully ennobled with every virtue in Christ our Lord, as a rose planted by the streams of many waters : this grace may He vouohsafe to grant unto Thee, who is Trinity in Unity, and Unity in Trinity, for ever and ever. Amen. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The ceremony sometimes, however, took place in the chapel after the Mass was con cluded. He to whom the rose was presented, after kissing the hand and foot of the Pontiff, and returning thanks to him for the honour whioh he had conferred upon him—as soon as the Pope had taken off his pontifical vestures was conducted home, bearing the rose in his hand, by the College of Cardinals, between two of the older deans, after all the other cardinals, and escorted by the running footmen of the Roman Court, with their staves, and who on this day received presents from the individual to whom the rose had been presented. The origin of this wondrous oustom is lost in the twilight of antiquity, and almost every man who has mentioned it in dictionary or encyclo pedia has given a false or meretrioious reading of it. Some form of the oustom began soon after the death of the first Pope, St. Peter, Keeper of the Keys. The present form of the custom began, I believe, with Gregory the Great, about 600. A fragment of a MS. sermon preached by Honorius 111. on the oocasion of his anointing the Golden Rose in 1216 asoribed its origin to the Gregory aforesaid. A "Dic tionary of Erudition," compiled under the direction of the Holy See, disousses at length and wisely the many supposed origins of the Eosa d'Oro. % The objeots sought to be attained by this, in stitution are said to have been two: the first was to oarry out the spirit of the service whioh the Church had appointed for this day, and which, tatting its tone from the introit "Lretare Hierusalem," is throughout of a cheerful character; and therefore the Golden Rose was shown to the people as an emblem of the spring which should succeed the storms of winter, and to cheer up their spirits lest they should droop or fail if the solemn observances of Lent were oontinued in unvarying strictness. The second was, by the gift of these Golden Roses to those orowned heads or distinguished personages who were present at Rome, or by the transmission of them to such foreign potentates as might be considered deserving of suoh marks of favour, to keep them in more willing obedience to the authority of the Papal See. The form of the Holy Rose has undergone considerable modifications. Formerly a single rose, it is now several, and of the most superb make. It is probably worth £1000. The oustom can lay claim to an erudite biblio graphy of at leaat eight volumes, but nothing in English. It is worthy of mention that among the recipients have been Cosare Uorgia, Henry VIII. (three times), her uioßt Catholic Majesty Isabella 11., and the last Emperor and EmpreßS of the French. either in person or by proxy to some very good t>r very exalted member of the Mother Church. The day of the blessing is termed sometimes Dominica Rosata or DormnioaLmtave, from the introit of the Ma3a beginning on Mid Lent Sunday with these words of the Prophet Isaiah. On this day the altar is more richly adorned with flowers, Arc., than on any other Sunday; the cardinals wear rose- coloured vestures, the priests who perform Mass are clothed in dalmatics and robes of violet, and formerly the Pope, on his way to the church in which the ceremony is performed, traversed the city on horseback in solemn procession, bearing in his hand the Golden Rose; and the rose, with its -symbolism, was taken as the Bubject upon which he preached on this day. A sermon preached by Innooent 111. on tnis oocasion is still extant. The prayer being ended, the Pope anoints with balsam the Golden Rose which is on oach little branch, and lays upon it pounded musk, which arc severally furnished him by the sacristan ; then, plaoing incense in the thurible in tho usual manner, sprinkles the rose with holy water and incenses it. During this time the chaplain of the Apostolio Chamber holds the l-oso, whioh ho now gives to the cardinal deacon on his right hand; and he again into the hands of the Pontiff, who bearing the rose in bis left hand, and giving tho benediotion with his right, proceeds to the chapel, the cardinal deacons on every side holding up the border of the pluvial. When he has reaohed the faldstool he gives the rose to the deacon, who delivers it to the chaplain of the chamber, and he places it upon tho altar. When Mass is conoluded, the Pontiff, having delivered a discourse from the altar, receives the rose again, whioh he oarries baok to his chamber ; and if there is no one then attend ing the Court of Rome to whom it has been determined to give the rose which his Holiness has that day blessed, he assembles the cardinals around, and a oouncil is held, at which tho reigning Sovereign, State, or distinguished per- Ewnage to whom the same shall be presented 13 deoided upon. When the rose is presented to any sovereign prinoe who is Btaying at Rome he is summoned before the Pope, who delivers it to him as he kneels before him, saying, " Accept this rose at our hands, who, albeit unworthy, hold the place of God on earth, by whioh rose is typified the joy of the heavenly Jerusalem, and of the Charon Militant—by which, to all the faithful 