GEdiots mtb |MWur*5. NOT A RAP. . « of the hundreds of people assembled in the Town Hall on Monday night hoped to P8» the speotacle o£ a nicely-dressed goodlooking gentleman in the peison of Mr. Kirkhau. Evans standing in the middle of the floor in a constrained attitude, holding one of the civio chain above his head at arm's length until those portions of his anatomy ached, while the Qitrh Priestess of Theosophy rapped vponitfrom the elevation of the platform, they were disappointed (writes Hugh Kalyptus). There was "nary a rap." Annie Besant was dot going to give herself away like that for an unbeliever like Kirkham Evans. He is a sceptio of the sceptics, and I am afraid that if his sonl gets out of the physical form into the astral it will, if Mrs. Besant's theory be true, workincalculablemisohief. Imagine a spiritnalistioseanos with Mrs. Mellon—her logs grown aspiin to fit tbe orthodox size or stocking— to the fore; and fancy the reckless spirit of Kirkham Evans going about seeking whom it might expose, and playing pranks with the bewildered medium, suoh as would make any sensitive-medium'6 understandings shrink like Mrs. Mellon's to the size of broomsticks. If, according to Mrs. Besant, the released soul goes practically "on the wallaby" in the land of spirits for an indefinite period, trying to find a job in some suitable body, the disembodied epirit of semi-exterminator Evans will have a long and weary tramp. The body of Grainger would jnst about suit it, but Grainger's earthly tabernacle is already tenanted by a vigorous and turbulent soul. We are not told that the souls in Mrs. Besant's undiscovered land can advertise— they might do it in defunct newspapers like Possum, tho Star, the Lantern, or Quilp, but they would only circulate in the land of spooks and ghosts. We are told that if we abstract ourselves; we can communicate with the spirits, and by way of experiment I went through a course of old Scotch whisky, with a view of invoking the spirit form of an old friend of mine, a former member of Parliament. " Are you there f' I called through the tumbler, and distinctly I heard tbiee raps on the oounter. Then ensued the fallowing characteristic conversation, the raps being interpreted rapidly, •o to speak. Rap, rap, rap, &o.; :— " Oi am, and fwhat peculiar concatenation of heteroganius conglomerated circumstances hasprooured for me a promiskewus interview wid a parapatetio mimber of the Foorth Eshtate !" rapped the epirit. "Are you oomfortable there?" "Sure, Oi am ; th' cessation of former circumlocutory ooncu&sions; of th' dilicote molecules of'me brain by raison av me not being in Padiamint now haB caused an indescribable ainness to supervene." " And have you plenty of occupation now ?" " Have Oi plinty of occupation ? Is it thrj-- ing to raise a spontaftyous unpremiditated oaochinnatory risibility again me ye are? Sure oi have been a 'chela,' an' now oim a Mahatma be raisan av me inestimable servioes to the worruld whin in Parliament." " Oh! you are Mahatma. Why, I thought you were the spirit of 'Coglin." "So oi am, ye unintelligent perip&tetio; midnight conshumer of oleaginous matther though Mahatma is not an Oirish name, though closely allied to Mahoney, sure its a degree a position, a taoher, a masther, ye Omadhaun; itsaiey to SOB that yez have not studied Theosophy." And tie spirit gave ma three tremendous raps on the top of the head" with wh*t appeared to feel like an invisible "bit of a •htick;" and departed muttering words of several syllables. 