jiving in a Haunted House. In everyday talk Rosina Vokes was al together and; bewitchingly.' the Rosina we knew, across the footlights— rthe, same big, honest eyes, the same drolly staccato speech, the same tossing of that fluffy, inane of shining hair, and the matter of her speech was quite as flavorsome as any lines her playwrights ever set down for her speaking. It is a pity she never told across the footlights for all the world to'heiir the story she- once told to' a favored few. The Yokes family, she snid, had- returned' to London from a provincial tour,' and, intending to re main for the season, decided to hire a house in preference to taking lodgings; They looked upon it us miraculous luck to find a house in an eminently agree able neighborhood at a phenomenally low rent. They, soon found out the rea son. A particularly shocking murder hud been committed in the house a few years before, and since then it had stood untenauted, its evil reputation intensi fying with :every night its dark window gloomed upon the else cheerful street. 'But it was a, lovely, comfortable house,' said Rosina, 'and we didn't mind its story a bit— in fact, wo thought it rather distinguished than otherwise, and, as for spooks, we'd all played 'em too often in Christmas pantomimes to hold 'em in any special awe. Besides, we never saw any — nothing, I give you my word, more fearsome than a black beetle ever crossed our paths in that maligned house. Hut, for nil that, a more uncomfortable three months our happy-go-lucky family never spent.. 'Jhe. neighbors gave the house a bad name and hanged it. They took the attitude that anyone willing to live in a murder stained house was simply an accessory after the fact. My dears, nevor shall I forget the first morning I called on the local butcher with a plea for chops. ' Send them to 343 ? street,' piped I, cheerily. The butcher turned duskily pale.' He' edged behind his block. He ?glowered at me over it. ' Three forty three, you said, mum 1 ' ' Man alive, yes ! ' said I. ' We live there, and we are not ghosts, or we should not need chops ! ' Well, the long and short of it was we could get nothing sent that was not ordered at high noon, and then the butcher's boy had a way of firing up the things from the bottom of the steps— didn't want to come within grabbing distance of the door apparently. That was hard on the provisions, especially the eggs. No milkman would deliver milk in the grey of the morning, not he ! \Y e had subsequently to bring it home in a can. When the water pipes burst we had to stop them up with our stock ings, while the boys scoured London for a plumber rash enough to cross our fated threshold. We lived like Ilobiii son Crusoes on a densely-populated is land. It was borne in upon us at last that it was a pity so much wholesome terror should go to waste. So the last few days of our stay there we took to burning blue lights nt midnight in the area window, and emitting hollow groans from the front cellar. I fancy our landlord reaped tha results of this light-minded conduct. We never in quired. ' — Boston Transcript. 