CAN ANYONE TELL US ? WHETHER Robertson or Picton will be incorporated first ? OF a better way to have your advice taken than by engraving it on your um brella handle ? IK- it is not nearly time the footpath around the E. S. and A. Bank was asphalted ? ^ WHETHER a little kerbing and guttering in the same vicinity would not also be an improvement ? How the Rev. George Walters can. lay claim to being a Christian, and yet, deny the divinity of Christ ? How many of the 31 members of Parlia ment who recently voted for the intro duction of a bill to abolish payment of' members have returned the remunera tion to the Treasury ? WHETHER " tablerrapping " or " tilting " will become more popular now that several members of Parliament have won nice little sums by backing Patron,, the winner of the Melbourne Cup, through, a table at Mr. O'Sullivan's resi dence tilting the right animal ? THE name'of the hard-bearted individual; who, in the vicinity of Moss Vale last week, drove a vehicle over a man, which-broke his'leg, and then deserted: him, leaving the sufferer no doubt to. either count the stars or ponder over the " generosity " of at least one of his. fellow-creatures,? WHY Katoomba should have a- time-bell at the post-office, and Bowral not. HAVE the authorities entirely forgotten Bowral in, this matter ? WHEN Berrima Gaol was first built,, and when enlarged ?? How the " ghost " in England relished the severe thrashing he got, by which he had to go the Dorset Hospital ? And'how he liked it when he discovered that his wife was one of the party that searched for, found, and attacked him ? WHEN, the sea serpent will be captured a monster 180 ft. long, which has been seen at Haminerfest ? WHY the military and the police have no vote-1 , WILL they ever have a vote ? OR the women ? WHAT will be thought of the Woolloo mooloo woman who on Wednesday at tempted to chastise a boy with a sapling, missed him, and struck an infant giri on . the head, seriously injuring her ? OF meaner people than some Balmain tenants, who first get the key of an empty house, and than put their furni ture in, after which it takes several weeks to eject them ? WHAT the recent railway disaster will cost the country in compensation? 