S-HORT S7TORY. HER WEDDING-EVE. ER wedding-eve 1 ! Yes, to. morrow, would for ever end the old life; but how glorious ap-' , peared the exist. . ? enoenpon whiohshe was about to enterl She had everything to be grateful for,nothing to oom = plain of. She had no mother; but never having known a mother's care, her father's devotion made up for the loss. She glanced around at the confusion of beautiful and costly things filling the room-her bridal trouoaseo. "Surely I am a favourite of fortune," she murmured. And it seemed so as she stood there in her evening dress of delicate, gleaming eilk young, lovely, and radiant with happiness. Ah, yes, Alice Desmond had been a petted darling of fortune since babyhood, in dulged in every whim, gratiflid in every desire. To-night the very height of bliss had been reached-youth, beauty, riches, and love. What more could she ask ? "No more I-no ,morel" ehesaid, aloud,? startling Sarah, the maid, who was busily r packing away the dainty yardrobe into travelling trunks. "What do you say, Miss Alico ?" And Alice smiled aud said: " Am I pretty enough to-night, Saran ?" " Laws, Miss Alice, you always look pretty in pink I I expect Me. Phil will think so " with a sly twiokle in her bright eyes. Alice blushed, looking lovelier than ever with that divine glow in her young face. The old house was full of guests bidden to the marriage, and a subdued hfltter of joy. ful excitement filled it from drawing-room to kitchen. The flrst dinner-bell rang, and the I girl quitted the privacy of her room to watch for her lover's coming; but he had already arrived, stood at the foot of the stairs wait. ing for her, tall and handsome, his eager blue eyes aflame with love's impatie.e, his arms outstretched towards her. The hall was deserted. but had it been crowded with watchers Phil Kiogely would not have heeded them with that lovely vision before him. IHe mounted a 6tep to meet her; he flung his aeme around her, drew her head to his breast, kissing her with fond passion. "Oh, Paill" she murmured, blushing deeply, but yielding to his arms. " My darling I thank Heaven I am with you once more I" he cried, fervently. "I have been all impatience ever since leaving London." "Why, have you also sometimes had vague fears lest something lhould happen 7" cle asked, drawing hack, a shade of gravity com. ing over the radiance of her face, " Only the groundless fears incidental to tis uncertain life of ours, dearest. Your Bseence has put ttem allto flight." " But what if something unforseen, un dreamed of, should part us yet " - " Nothing but ldeoath can part us now, beloved. To.mr.row is our wedding.-lny. Theta is no room in my heart for doubt or fear to-night, sweetheart. Come into the drawing-ruom ; it is deserted, aud we may have a few precious moments to ourselves." And with bis hand on here, his happy, passionate eyes seeking her face, she, too, gave herself up to the blissful present. Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and Kingely were in the library, holding a little private conversation. Alice had just left them to join her friends in the drawing room; but feeling that silence rather than speech fitted her present mood. she made up a card-party, persuaded some lady to sing, and leaving a comfortable group around the blazing fire, she stole to the south window, flung up the saeb, and leaned out into the crisp September night. iHow brilliantly the stars sparkled and glowed in the flcbless sky, and what a sweet, subtle scent floated up from the old garden, I whose late- blooming roses still held sway. "Hiat I Miss Desmond I Mise Desmond I Shall an old woman tell your fortune 2" came in a low, sibilant whisper; and a gaunt, fierce-eyed, ragged old creature rose up from a erouchine position under the window. The girl started back, a faint cry on her lips, "Who are you ?" she inquired, quickly re covering herself, and speaking somewhat im pariously. " Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond ; but I can tell you something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your face, that light from your eyes." Her strange, burning glance swept over the lcinty evening.dress, the soft laeo and glim. mering jewels. Her brown, wrinkled face worked convulsively. A bitter execration fell from her withered t ps. Envy, rage, hate, fed the lurid fire of her sunken eyes. Alice Desmond'had brave blood in her veins. She did not feel afraid, but she was fascinated. What revelation could this poor creature clake to harm or frighten her? Pity stirred ber heart. She could be generous to the poorest of God' creaturees to-night. " I do not care to have my fortune told, but here is some money. Take it and go away. My father would be diepleased wore hbe to find you here," she said, gently, hold. tog out her slim, white hand, with two silver pieces in its open palm. But the strange oli woman drew back with a low, oornmful laugh. " Displeased I Ha, hal 1 I houldn't #onder. You are very kind. Ah, yes ; i is :asy for you to play the Lady Bountiful, but I would starve-yes, starve and rot-before I would touch Deumond moucy. I have come to tell you something." Aliej grew serious, impressed, in spite of herself. "What is it?" "A secrot, and one that you ought to know. This is your wedding-eve ?" -" Yes." "A fitting time," she muttered, with a fiendish chuckle. " Come out into the gar den." Alice glanced back into the room. The fire surned witlh a ruddy glow; the oouupanto of the low chairs around it were laughing and talking, and at the piano the musically in. eliend were trying a now song, No one had heard a word of that converea tion at the window. She turned again to the night and to that evil-eyed old woman, who stood weatching her like a grim late. She said britefly: "I will come." She stepped quickly from the room, took a mantleo from the hall-lobby, flung it over her head, and went out into the darkness of the i outer world. Her delicate silk brushed the dew from the grass on the garden-walk, and once a rose thorn caught the lace of her wlsee; but on nho went until enc came face to face with her strange visitor. uor a moment they stood there in the midst of the old garden; the girl, young, fair, and daintily clothed; the old woman, bent and haggard, her poor rags fluttering in the crisp, frosty breeze, silent-the one expect. ant, the other wickedly exultant, Alice spoke first. "You must be brief, My guests will miss : 'Lot them, tools that they are. I hate thcmn all. But I will not detain you very lobe. Where is your mother f-tell ms," she said, abrupFtly, leaning forward and plucking at her eleevc,. Alice recoiled from her touch with I ahud' ler of repulsiut. " IDead i he died at my birth "--seclrly and frantly. " Died, did able I Ha, ha I Yes, she died at your birth, a clew death but a sure one died to the wvmid, to the pleasures of life, to everrsbhing; tu they did not put her ips ilgrgye, Iplinrn-_j-dho l(g -. " How dare you speak so. falsely I" cried the girl, her face blanching, a hocrid chill freeziug the warm xou.ng bloud in her veins. "'Tise true. I know 1t; I owear is I Go ask your fatber. Oh, yea, he has deceived you all these years for fear the shallow might darken your life; but the cureo is on you you are doomed. Madness lurks in your blood, works in your brain. Oh, you are young, and rich, and beautiful, but the poorest .beggar in the land need not envy you. Marry, and sooner or later you' will find your home behind the bolts and bars of a madhouse." Alice listened in speechbess horror. She no longer doubted the old woman's words, but what a crushed and deadly feeling op. pressed her I Could' it be only a hideous dream? Would she wake presently in her own pretty room, surrounded by the costly confusion of her bridal trousseau? Ah, no, no, it was no dream, but a cruel reality I Itother had all that happy pass beeu a dream-a brilliant but swiftly-fading dream. How far away it seemed from her now, and what a blsck gull of anguish and despair lay before her. I " leaven have mercy upon me," sue whis pered, hoarsely, feeling rhe had no other refuge now. The old woman clutched her round, tender wrist in a cruel grasp. " Do you want to know why I tell you this carefully.guarded secret? t is my vengeance. Long years ago I had a daughter, young and fair as you. Her lover was your father's buttler, and on their wqdding day thoy hunted him down, and Mr. Desmond, thb rich mer. chant, had him dragged away to prison because he had stolen a paltry sam of money from him. Heaven I she died in my arms, for she was but a delicate creature, and I vowed sloe should be avenged. Blow for blow, life for life, is my motto. Go brck to you guests, to your lover, and your wedding finery, but remomberl " And with that last word ringing through the air, she vanished. " Can I ever forget ?" moaned the girl, stumbling up the path like a creature blind with anguish. " On, father, why did you spare me? Oh, mother, wheae are you tc night 1" Sho felt choking, and pulled the lace ruth lessly away from lier white throat. 1What a lfate, to be raised to the height of humean bliss. only to be dashed down into a I bottomloes pit of despair. All the time cue thought kept beating through her brain: " It is my wedding-ave." A burst of gay laughter floated out from the drawing room as she stumbled wearily up the steps. It made her shudder, and yet an hour ego, even less than an hour ago, she had joined in the mirth, the happiest of them all. She etole through the hall until she came to the library door. There she stopped fora a moment, pale aud wan as some wandering spirit of sorrow. HIer father sat in his easy.cbair, smoking; while talking to him her lover stood lansu Sing against thle mantle. How noble he looked--how bravo and handsome I SIf he had only raised his eyes and looked on that blanched face, those sad eyes I But, unconucious of her nearness, unconscious of tho power working against thefruition of his happiness, he stood there talking and think ing of to-morrow. Alice stretched out her hands, nnd her lips moved in a whispered farewell ; then ilowly Plin moved ont up the stairs to her own room. On the threshold she met her maid. "GJod heavens I Miss Alice, what is the matter?" she cried, starting back from her young mistress'd changed appearance in affright. " Hush I I am only tired. Do not let me on disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at once." " But," "Please go. Sarah; I do not need you." And shabe c;oed and looked the door against even her faithful servant's instruction. The room had been put in perfect order, the trunks were peaked, and on a low couch tier wedding-dress lay carefully spread out, with wreath and veil spread across it. flow the sight mocked her pain I With a despairing cry she flung herself down on the floor, and merciful teare raved her from going mad then and there. Never in all her young life had she shed such tor rents of tears, been shaken with such deep sobs; for never before had real Sorrow laid its burden upon her, and this was a thing to crush even the stoutest hearted. At last sherose up,ealmer, but woefullypale and subdued, a girl no longer, but a suffering woman. An impulse to go away secretly had come over her. With feverish haste she changed her evening dress for a plainer one, put her purse in her bosom, and laid out a hat and cloak. Then she sat down and wrote a short note toher father, a pitiful little mes sage explaining the cause of her flight, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on her dressing-table, she moved slowly and softly about the room, taking a sorrowful farewell of all the pretty familiar things endeared to her by a thousand happy associations. Above the nmantlepieco hung her lover's picture, richly framed, and the most precious of all her treasures. She paused before it, tearless, but with heaving breast, her poor, passionate heart quivering, almost break. ing. "Oh, love, love, how can I give you up? Yet 'tie better that than I should ruin your life. Heaven forbid that I should do it Good-bye, good-bye, for ever I" and she turned away, not daring to look again into those pictured eyes, lest her courage should, after all, fail. ! At last sae was ready, and opening her door she glanced out. The house was all quiet, the hall dark and deserted. She went out, and with noiseless steps groped her way down stairs. With shaking hand she fumbled at the fastenings of the front door. She thought she heard footsteps on the upper floor, and listened in brecathless terror. It was only a false alarm, and opening the door, she stepped out, and heard it close behind her with a chilling shudder. Shut out in the cold and darkness-she, the darling of fortune, the glory of her father's house, the beloved of Phil Kingely's heart; and yet she faced it with less shrink ing than she could have faced pitying friends, a shame.stricken father, a luke- warm lover. Half a dozen bounds bounded up to meet her, barking deeply; butat the sound of her low, sweet voice, crouched at her feet with whines of delight. With asoothing word she went swiftly down the walk, and so away from her home. and it was her wedding eve. The wedding any dawned clear and bril. liant, with a fine hoar frost lying on leaf and flowrr. At Deemond's the household were astir early, for there were yet many things to be done before the bridal feast was spread. Suddenly a strange cry rang through the house; a cry of apprehension; of alarm-the bride could not be found. HIer bed was un touched, her evening drose lay in a crumpled hlesp on the floor, but she had vanished. Mr. Daemond's ruddy face paled a ltttle, but.ho called it only a foolish woman's exoitensent untilho read his daughter's note. Then he staggered back with a fierce cry: I Oh, Holaven I it is true she has left Guests and servants were all gathered around him, all eager, all curious, and Phil Itingely stood at his elbow, pale and rather etero. " What does it mTeman " hAPmemnsndel. s ea heas been listening to loinse oruel lies." \ " You lie yourself, Royal Desmond; I told her only the truth," screamed a shrill roleno I and a haggard old woman pushed her way throughl the orowdustil she stood Icing the master of the hbeie. " You have for. gotten me, probably, hut I have not forgolten you, RIlcyal Dedmond, nor the reveoge I ewors to wreat oen you for dragging my girl's lover off to prison and breaking her heart. You murdered her I. sie aried, wildly; l but I I was more meraiftl to your pretty idol. I only told hera the shutlk abott hvt 19thorg and the late awaiting her, pampered, spoiled pr.' that she was.'" "And you would take vengeance on an innocent, decneaolkes girl?" said K ingely, sternly. She laughed fiendishly. "A life for a life, young sir; better be thankful you have escaped a mad woman. Oh, it would have wrung your heart to have witnessed her horror, her anguish I" "Woman, are you flesh and blood, or demon ?" hoaraely demanded the merchant. "Demon-just what you made me. l only hope you rill now feel a pang of what I have suffered. You may take me, kill me, for what I have done; I have had my revenge-" "And a poor revenge it will prove, when I tell you she is my daughter only by adoption." He turned to his listening guests, a haughty flush mounting to his fine face. " My friends, this woman's insane anger against me makes it neceoeary to tell o.u a very paiuful story. It has been kept a secret from a foolish fear that it might cloud my girl's life-she is my girl, though no drop of my blood flows in her veins. You know, some of you, that my wife died in an inar.ne asylum only a few years ago. tier mind began to fail soon after we were married, and she grew much worse after her child died. We travelled over the Continent, and one night we stopped at a hotel in a little town where an English wonan lay dying. She had a lovely little girl, a mere baby, and the thought of leaving it alone in the world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took a strange fancy to the little one, and at, last we adopted her,; and from that day to this she has been-my girl, my Alice, my treasure; but would to Heaven I had told her this and spared her much suftering." Hae head bowed, and he very tenderly smoothed out the sad little note. " fow desperate her shame and misery must have rendered her, to carse her to run away in the dead of night-she, so young, so tenderly sueltered from all'the rough winds of human auverdity," he murmured, brokenly in the deep eilence that followed Mr. Des. mend's explanation the old woman crept out, boll d, credt-fallen, and when the servants would have arrested her, Kiigsly restrciued them. ' Let her go; she can do no more mischief." Then he toucred rl M. D 'vmuond on the arm. "Itouse yourself, sir. We must find Alice." "Yes, we must find her. Oh, Phil, where can she be? moy poor girl, my darling I" And Pail act hi. lips hard together, and turned from the sight of the wedding favors lying on the table. Alas for his happines I How swiftly, cruelly, it had been destroyed I Just a week since she had left her father's house, and yet to Alica Desmond, litting in the enmsbine in front ol an old house in a suburb of Lindon, the time had dragged so heavily it seemed an age. She sat on a stool, her head resting against a small tree, her hands listlessly folded in her lap. There wore dark rings under her lovely eyes, and a fixed pallor on her smooth cheek. An old woman came softly to the door, looked at her. and shook her head with a deep sigh. She had been the girl's nur4o, and loved ter with devotion. What a shock it had been to her to hate her nursling come as she did I She could not attend the wedding, but she sat by her lonely fire thinking of it one evening just as dusk, when camre a loud, hurried knock on the front door, and there on the step stood Alice, pallid as death-a veritable ghost, the fright. eoed woman at first thought. "Oh, Nora, take me in I hide me away from the world, for my heart is broken I" she panted, and fell faint and exhaausted across the threshold ; and there she had been ever since-a silent, joyous creature, so un. like her old, gay, brilliant sell, it wrung the woman's heart to look at her. To-day she eat on the stool in the sun shine, listlesp, hopeless. "Oh, that master would come I" sighed old Nora ; and scarcely had the wish found utterance when the rate swung open, and Mr. Desmond and Phil lKingsly entered. Alice turned her head at the sound, and startled up with a cry, only to sink back again on the stool, breathless, almost faint. ing. The next moment she was in her ath er's arms. " Alice, my girl --my darring I" he cried, and broke down, his tears failing on her bent head. "Oh, father," she moaner, "why did you bring him with you i-I cannot bear it." And then, mustering his emotions, he told her the story he had told to the wedding guests. "Had you come to me that night, my child, I would have told you then." I shall not attempt to tell you how the girl felt. The revulsion from blackest despair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel. A; first she listened, pale and bewildered, then she laughed and wept by turns; but the moment of supremest joy was when her lover's arms clasped her, her lover's lips pressed hers, and she knew she need never shrink from him. Suffering had taught her the nature of happiness. They were married that day without pomp or show of shy kind, "for," said Kingely, "we will nave no more wedding eve-." 