AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL SKETCHES. No. XIII. "THIS DOCTOR'S GHOST."] I am the visible tangible shadow—the ghostly semblance of wli'at, once was. Don't mistake me—I'm alive., I've seen a good nuny people "shuffle off this mortal coil " in my time, but my assistance has not been yet inquired at the final earthly scene of yours tru y. I suppose you want a description of my appearance — well I am in appearance, and that is about all. I am of taliish build iud decidedly thin, notwithstanding the fact tbat I wear three aud have even been known to wear four coats at a time. Remarkable fact ! My tailor when measuring me once for an inner suit, after pealing off garment after garment, at last exclaimed in a terrible state of anxie'y—" Dear me ! where's the Doctor?' 1 I always wear a till hat, and a frock coat, and I move somewhat as if I had " an impediment in niy leg," that is to say, an avenge hearse would leave me miles behind. My occupation is cf a kind W-kich-closely resembles a-butcher's, being-tr higher and more refined branch of the butchering trade. Most of my profession, however, would scarcely care to be classed with such common ordinary persons as butchers, indeed, by the capers some of them in Port Adelaide cut, it "would be supposed that they wished to form the nucleus of a South Australian aristocracy. As I have passed the Psalmist's calculation of average longevity it may reasonably be inferred that my experience is not a short one. I have been in Port Adelaide a number of years, and have occupied a responsible public position for a considerable time. In my official capacity I have the somewhat doubtful privilege of investigating the numerous nooks aud crannies in the town which emit savours of a kind which would have doubtless been relished by the famed Dominie Sampson. I am held responsible by a body of executive individuals who sit on the health of the town fortnightly, for every disease which pokes its unbidden nose into the sanctified retreat of those hallowed, heaven-protected, and blissfully-ignorant personages who go by the name of ratepayers. I am supposed to be able to give a long unintelligible name to all these diseases, that the individuals mentioned may be du y edified, and may have a due sense of the im portance of the functionary who guards the health of the dear'y-beloved and muchlamented citizens. When holding forth on these mysterious and sacred subjects, all listen with the deepest awe and attention, regarding yours truly as an ancient Pagan regarded his priest, and as a modern ignoramus regards a stump-orator. Before the Portonian citizens were honoured with my services I held a similar position in a seaport town called Port Melbourne, which is noted as the favourite haunt of a class of the community commonly known as "blacklegs," and who, nevertheless, contrive to live on the fat of the land without exerting themselves, and whose harvest-time is the period which unfortunately occurs too fiequently — when a great strike breaks out. That is not he beginning of my professional history. Befure occupying the position mentioned, I used to tramp about the country wich a band of licensed cut-throats, my special duty b' ing to attend to their wounds, and subject them to merciless paiu, with a view to preserving what might often well have been dispensed with—namely, their lives. At the risk of being considered cart I will now conclude this chat and repair to the senatehouse aud listen to the discussion of matters "affecting the town." MUSICAL. — An advertisement elsewhere notifies that Mi-;s Hodge, pupil of Herr R. imann, and accompanist of "Cole Festival Choral Society," is open to receive pupils for the pianoforte. Intending pupils are r quested to apply at P. A. Howell's, Rundle-street, City, on Monday ,.ft< rnoons, or at her private residence Napier-street, Yatala. A new term commences on October S. 