FAIR AND UNFAIR. An amateur theatrical performance, under the patronage and in the presence of Lord Kintore, and in aid of the building and general fund of the Sisters of the Church, will be given in the Albert Hall on Wednesday evening, September 5. Tom Taylor's " Nine Points of the Law " and W. S. Gilbert's fairy play, " Creatures of Impulse," will be presented, a Maypole dance being a feature of the last-named production. St. Peter's Cathedral Choir, under Mr. J. M. Dunn, will assist, and a glance at the names on the programme is suffi cient to enable one to predict a highly successful entertainment. The second Masonic Cinderella of the season will be held in the Albert Hall, Pirie Street, on Wednesday evening next. The annual Masonic ball which took place in the Port Pirie Institute Hall on Wednesday, August 15, was an unqualified success. The spacious room was well decorated with bunting, foliage, and wattle blossoms, and being well lighted, presented a brilliant spectacle as the ladies and gentlemen assembled. The three ladies who, in the general opinion, vied for the honor of belle were—Miss McDonald (Jamestown), Miss Britten (Petersburg), and Mrs. A. Watts (Port Pirie). The first named lady wore white brocaded silk trimmed with lace; Miss Britten, wore a cream silk skirt with tight fitting lace bodice and satin epaulettes; while Mrs. Watts was in a handsome pink brocaded silk trimmed with white lace. Among others present were—Mrs. Dr. Monsell, cream silk; Miss Northmore, white silk bodice, trimmed with black lace; Miss Brown (Port Germein), deep cream silk, with draped skirt; Miss Ferry, grey gossamer over black; Miss M. Ferry, black satin, pink chiffon sleeves; Mrs. H. Warren, black silk trimmed with jet; Miss Walker, black velvet, maltese lace; Miss M. Walker, white nun's veiling, watteau back; Mrs. Scott, black lace: Miss Cooper (Adelaide), pale pink; Mrs. Ewens, black lace, pink chiffon sleeves; Miss Spiller, white cashmere, trimmed with pink; Mrs. Leavens, deep blue brocaded silk; Mrs. Pendlebury (Terowie), white silk, dark green velvet Bertha sleeves; Mrs. Purnell (Laura), black velvet; Mrs. Gill, black silk, trimmed with jet; Miss Knapman, black lace; Miss Hector, cream crepon; Miss A. Hector, shot silk; Mrs. (Dr.) Stewart, white silk, white chiffon sleeves3 Mrs. Lewis, black net3 Miss Stow, black lace over buttercup satin3 Mrs. Marshall (Port Germein), white silk, trimmed with pink3 Mrs. Gouinan, black silk, long train. Among the visitors was one in tomato red and another in pale blue and black velvet 3 of the others black and white pre dominated. Altogether there was just a trifle too much sameness in color to make the function the brilliant success of last year. The duties of M.C. were efficiently carried out by Mr. J. B. Warren. A very successful plain and fancy dress ball was held in the Port Germein Institute on Wednesday, August 8, in connection with the local Quadrille Assembly. There were about seventy couples present, and various characters were tastefully represented. Amongst the most con spicuous fancy costumes were—Miss Dohlinburg, Red Cross nurse3 Miss Miller, sailoress 3 Miss A. Watson, jockey 3 Miss C. Trew, cook 3 Miss A. Flugge. snowdrop 3 Miss Watson, Scotch peasant 3 Miss Mclnnes, Neapolitan fishwife 3 Miss S. Mclnnes, housemaid 3 Miss L. Dunstan, dairy maid 3 Mrs. Flugge, heatherbell 3 Mrs. Speck, Japanese lady 3 Mrs. Peters, convict 3 Miss Bessen, forget-me-not 3 Miss E. Bessen, Red Riding Hood 3 Miss F. Martens, buttercup 3 Miss Gasmier, gipsy 3 Miss F. Bessen, mignonette. A number of other very pretty dresses were noticeable. The sterner sex were well represented by Messrs. Flugge, policeman ; W. William, butcher; G. Keally and D. Abernethy, sailors ; Skitts and O. Gauzer, cricketers; G. Miller, coach man ; M. Speck, stockman;" A. Dunstan, huntsman; C. B. Crispe, baker; and F. Bessen, Neapolitan fisherman. Who that has lived at Glenelg, who that has visited Glenelg has not heard or known of " Grandpa " Brouard, the good old sealer and fisherman! It seems the fate of seaside towns to possess one typical, good-hearted son of the sea. In novels you read of him, and admire the traits of his gentle character, gentle despite the hardy roughness of his avocation. Our fashionable watering-place is fortunate in possessing such an honest, gentle manly specimen of the sea- farer as James Brouard, a Guernsey Islander, who with his respected better- half, their descendants, and hosts of friends, celebrated their golden wedding at Sussex Street, Glenelg, on Friday evening last. " Grandpa," for such is the familiar cognomen by which he is known alike to adults and juveniles, is now 83 years old, and is as lynx-eyed, smart, hardy, and hale as the youngest sealer afloat. With him old age has not brought on an irritable disposition. He is as kind-hearted now as he was on his 70th birthday, a day the writer well remembers, and has cause to remember, for it was on- that occasion that " Grandpa," in a moment of characteristic frolicsomeness, sat him down full tilt upon a rusty nail that was protruding in one of the fishing boats. The wedding breakfast and subsequent proceedings on Friday evening were of the happiest descrip tion, about fifty people assembling to do honor to the jubilee of what the old people, whose combined ages aggregate 157 years, describe as a very happy ceremony, and which took place at St. Pierre du Bois, Guernsey, From all classes of Glenelgites congratulations have been pouring iny and from those connected with nautical affairs particularly, and for the last fortnight the old weather prophet has had to dodge his friends. Pass the glass, please! So here's to you! " Grandpa " Brouard, Faithful son of our blue sea, Though in life you're down to "looard,'r You are borne up in the lee By hosts of friends, whose wishes " Would your little barque enthral, And drive her to that haven For a berth beyond all squall. —Jackyard. Quiz has received a copy of a little pamphlet entitled "Dentistry, its> Advantages and Comforts," which has been issued by Messrs. Eskell and Tattersall, of King William Street. A considerable amount of tfseful information is imparted concerning the origin, formation, and composition of teeth, and the advice given concerning the attention to be paid to the teeth of children is well worth reading, as neglect in infancy is often provocative of many evils that might easily be avoided. The causes of decay are specially dealt with, and the treat ment of the teeth and gums is made the subject of interesting comments The pamphlet, which is printed in convenient form, will doubtless have a large circle of readers. The annual meeting and social of the Adelaide Harmonie Society were held on Monday evening, when con^ gratulations over the successful pro duction of " Madame Angot" were exchanged. An address and a gold pencil case were presented to Mr. W. Perman, who taught the pas de quatre, which was so pleasing a feature of the opera. The Carnival is closed. The venture was attended by bad luck, for if once the idea had caught on there would have been money in it for Mr. Pett, the promoter. The cold weather, however, prevented the public from patronising the Jubilee Exhibition Building—truth to tell a somewhat cheerless structure—so extensively as was necessary in order that the ghost might walk with freedom. As it is everybody has been paid, and the Carnival is no more. "Dick" Whitting ton worked hard to galvanise the show, but when the public shake their heads it is no good kicking against the pricks. 