THE FITTS DIVORCE CASE. MR. JUSTICE HODGES'S DECISION. THE DECREE REVERSED. BOTH PARTIES GUILTY OF MISCONDUCT. In tho Third Civil Court yostorday, Mr JuHtice Hodges resumed tho hearing of tho motion in tho divorce case of Fitts v. Fitts and Iiobertfion, calling upon the petitioner, Arthur "SVhinyoats Fitts, fellmonger, of South Yarro, to show cause why tiie docrce nisi flhould bs made absolute. On cOth August last tho potition was heard beforo Mr. Justico "Williams, tho petitioner alleging that his wife, Alicia Mario Fitts, had been guilty of misconduot with a man named Robertson. The respondent did not enter an appearance, nnd after a few wituosset had been called in proof of the charge of adultery, a decree nisi was granted. Upon this the respondent appliod for leave to intervene on tho ground that the decree had been obtained by collusion and tho suppression of material facts. The court held that she had no powqr to intervene. There upon the mothor of the respondent, Mrs. Alicia M'Glynn, made a similar application, which was granted. Dr. MTnorney appeared for tho intervener : ami Mr. Topp and Mr. Kagloson (instructed by Mr. W. Bruce) represented the petitioner. Counsel for the petitioner and respondent? having addressed the court, Ilis Honor said : In this case Arthur "Whin yo&ts; Fitts has petitioned for a dissolution of his marriage on the ground that his wifo baa committed adultery with one Robertson. The decreo ni'si was made, thero being no appearance for tho wife or for the co- respondent. On tho application of tho respondent's mother she was allowed to intervene for tho purposo of questioning tho rule nisi and preventing it being made absolute. In these proceedings the first matter in dispute is as to the respon dent having committed adultery with Robert son. That is stoutly denied by her. According to the evidence of her husband and three pri vate detectives, site was caught on the night of 11th July getting up from the sofa, as was also Robertson, tho circumstances being such a« to auggent that some improper act had been committed. The first question I have to determine is whether or not the inference of the husband nnd theneprivatodetectiveu, that adultery had been committed, is right. Tho respondent was not seen in the net, and sho denies it. I have then, in the first place, to seo whether there iH any ovidence in the course of this cause which would make it very improbable that the respondent' 'would do that with whieff she is charged It would be extremely im probable in the case of any ordinary pure- minded woman — impossible in the caso of any faithful wife, and the respondent is so described. Shortly after the decree nisi was granted she wrote a letter to one who, if the respondent did what her husband suggests, was a partner with her in nil her disgusting practice. In one part of tho letter she Baya : 44 1 really think lie doubted iny being a chaste virgin. Terrible calamity !" That is a some what light way of speaking of that which is doarcst, dearer than life, to a pure-minded woman, and it suggests that a person in her situation, charged with adultery, with a decree ugainst her on the ground of adultery, who can, under tkusu circumstances, with dishonor to herself, dishonor to her homo, dishonor to her children, thus speak of the in dispensable attribute of every true woman so lightly — I say it is not improbable that she will lightly deal with it. Then if one is to consider her '.truthfulness as coming next, there aro a nutuhor of letters which she has written &t; pr about this time describing her getting employ ment or tho likelihood of. her getting employ- "mcnt, dc-cribitig her employer and his wife, giving them tbeir names, describing what her offices are to lie, and also describing, in Ballarat, what her occupation is, and every bit of that .is without a particle of foundation, without a particle of truth. I am unable, thoreforo, to plncu very much relianos upon her denials ; and the improbability that she would commit the act charged against her has beon miniinined by the way nho herself sponks of her chnBtity. Under these circum stances I feel constrained to believe the evidence of the husband and the three witnosses, aud to draw from what they saw an unfavorable in- ferenco with regard to what had immediately preceded what tlioy saw. I may say in that connection that not only do these letters and tho language in them show a very low regard of the woman's honor, but admittedly she waa writing to men in a way that no married woman with u senso of self respect could possibly write If these persons did not take improper liberties with her I am afraid it waa not because she pre vented them, . So that about that part of the case I feol no difficulty and no doubt Consequently, so far ah my finding is concerned, I find that the respondent on the 11th of July committed adultery with the co- reapondenc, Robertson. I should perhaps have dealt, before I decided this matter, with the charge that Robertson wan in collinion with tho petitioner, which is one of the matters suggested. The petitioner states in the most emphatic language that he wns not in cidlusion with him, that he did not; know the man. The dotectives, who were em ployed by him, deny all knowledge of the man, and I can find nothing to suggest that he was in collusion with tho petitioner beyond the fact that it is possible. I fiud no evidence aud no surroundings which would lead to the conclusion that there was auy collusion between them. It is then urged that there was collusion between the petitioner and respondent, and that that collusion was brought about by tho petitioner promising, if she would not oppose tho granting of tho decree, that he would kcop her for the rest of her lifo and allow her frequeut access to her children. It is said that that promise was made to her through Lena Livingstone. That is denied by the petitioner aud Lena Livingstone. It is then alleged to have been reiterated in substanco in tho office of tho petitioner's solicitor (Mr. Lrucc). Having said what I have said about tho respondent's disregard of tho truth, I feel bound, where thero is a conflict between her aud Mr. Bruce, the detectives nnd the husband, to givo credenco to their version nsngniust hers. Cousequeutly I find against there boing any collusion between the petitioner and respondent on the grounds sug gested. It is thou alleged that there was cruelty, that she had been severely handled on one or two occasions. I think it probablo nnd possible that she was unkindly struck, and struck with a hand that was not light, but I do not think that had auy- thing to do with these proceedings. It may have been, and was, I think, the result of un womanly conduct on the partof tho respondent. Not that that exouscs tho petitioner, but it pre vents it boing a ground upon whioh I could act here in refusing a decree, and leaves it only tho unkind, unmanly act of a man towards a woman. I pass now to another part of tho case, in which it is alleged that tho petitioner Bhould get no redress, and that is that he himself has com mitted adultery. I confess this part of the caso has given me much more difficulty. Tho burden of proving it undoubtedly lies upon the respon dent. I he act is alleged with two porsous-— one Amy M4\VilIiams (Thompson), and tho other, Lena Livingstone. With regard to tho former I will dispose of that at once by saying that I am not satisfied. The burden of proof has not been discharged so far as she is concerned. I am utterly unable to satisfy mysolf as to tho con sistency of the petitioner's conduct and evidence bore. He alleges that he waa insisting on his wife tn ruing this woman out at tho time of her first trouble, and yet he allowed her to remain on, although lis knew that she had not ouly been enceinte, but also that she had uudergouo an illegal operation. I can understand tho first forgiveness rh being only proper, manly and kindly. I cannot understand the seooud forgiveness, when for a second time the sumo girl, who had promised circumspection in tho future, had broken that promise, had to somo extent disgraced the house in which she was mi1?'"'' solpe extent mado it a house of ill fame. It is difficult to understand how, in that house, the same unmarried girl could liavo been allowed to be again in tho same condition, and to hnvo undergone a second illegal operation with tho petitioner's wife and children in tho house, nnd after tho petitioner had expressed his abhorrence of it tho first time. However, I must say it has not beuu proved to my satisfaction that thoie was adul tery committed between the petitioner and Amy Thompson. e now como to tlo other girl, Lena Living stone. I here the matter is undoubtedly sur rounded with difficulty. I cannot sny that tho things hero arc na o!.|ar ns I would like them to be. Ah to a distinct net of adultery, I have only thtj evidence of the re spondent, whoso i veracity I am not disposed to attach l-ery much weight to. If Lena Livmgstono bn|l conducted herself in tho box in a manner nt nil proper I should havo taken her denial ni| thoroughly satisfactory. Lut her attitude in the box from beginning to em! was the attitmlo of 0110 who had somothinc to concern, something to hold hack. Her denial or tho apt waa a carefully worded denial for, when asked whether she had had famiiiar relations with auy man. she was careful to answer, "Not with the petitioner." It may havo been the) truth, hut that is where I have a doubt. It mijy lmvo been that she feared in examination to halve it shown that she rniffht bo committed for perjury if alio denied familiarity with other men ; and while she thought herself safe in making tbo one state ment, she felt, in the other, that she could not make the samo statement in tho face of a pos sible inquiry which might result differently. There is against her also, although she denied it, tho statement of Mrs. Denning, who says sho aw evidence of an illegal operation in thin girl's room, and that when she told the girl she knew what had happened, she only laughed. I believe this witness's evidenoe was true, and the only difficulty I have had was in knowing whether that condition wasduo to the petitioner or not. ? That brings mo to the relations between the petitioner and this girl. Thoro was a curious relationship subsisting between them. I am incliued to think the petitioner knew that Lena Livingstone and his wife were, to use a common expression, running in couples— that they were companions in whatever dirtiness and filth either was engaged in. He had a otter, according to lus own story, which showed that the two of them engaged in this kind of business together. It is true before he had that letter that after she had told him she bad such n letter in her possession, he practically employed her to act as his spy, to intercept letters that his wife might be sending to any of tho people whom they were jointly going to meet, or whom Bhe was going to meet. Although one cannot altogether complain of a man taking bucIi a coarse, it is an awkward course for a man to take with any woman. It (3 especially awkward when that woman is living under his own roof, and it is a conrso ono would not expect a man to take with a woman whom he behoved to bo a participator in all his wife's fllthiness. However, he practically keeps her in that posi tiou, heuses her for thatpurpose, and lie receives the letter from her whilo at Broken Hill, which letter he destroys or has not got. Ho proeorves the enclosure, which is ono purporting to bo written by his wifo, and wbicb he says was written by her, in which his agent, Lena Livingstone, was mentioned more thau once, and who is part and parcel of tho two persons who wero concerned with \- W alter," whoever he may be. Knowing that, be then makes somo arrangement that if sho tells him all he will retain her in his employ. Ho has that letter ; he finds his wife out and turns the two out of doors. After Leua Livingstone Las been turned out it appears that she lives with his wife. Undoubtedly during that period Lena Livingstone was a kind of go-between — possibly of the very worst order — between wife and hus band, and was, as I believe, at the time acting as a kind of informant to the petitioner, and in every way serving him. I cannot believo that he was nerved for nought. 1 believe it was ser vice rendered for benefit?, either received or exnected, and that an intimacy, if it. had not existed before, was ntmo3t bound to havo followed between the petitioner and Lena Livingstone. I, therefore, very unwillingly — because it places me in a very difficult position in doing what might be called complete justico between tbo two parties — Arrive at tho conclusion that Adultery has been committed between the petitioner and Lena Livingstone. There is then one other matter, and that is whether there was cohabitation between tho petitioner and respondent on 6th September, nfter the decree nisi. The evidence on behalf of the respondent is very strong. It is beyond doubt that the petitioner Rent a telegram to his wife, that he met her, that he stayed for a con siderable time with ber, that he talked with her for hours, that he went home with hor to her lodgings, and that be went into ber room —ail that is beyond dispute. The point at which the petitioner stops short is at being any considerable timo in ber room. He denies remaining there all night. Ho has called Mrs. and Miss Hewitt to support his ver sion that he did not remain there. I think these two women are witnesses for the truth, but while I think that, it is possibles they may be mistaken as to tho night, and the evidence of the other side is very strong. There is Mr. Miller. I have no reason to believe that he came into the witness box with any dishonest intention. He alleges that he heard tho petitioner in the respondent's room at 3 o clock in the morning. That would be true if the respondent's version is right. Mrs. Miller says substantially the same thing, that sho heard them talking in the room until sho went to sleep, she having remained awake until her hus band returned at a late hour. Both allege that they saw him go out in the morning, and there is some ovidenceasto crockery for two being sent up for their breakfast. Tbe respondent's unfortunate Bister, who gavo hor evidence like a simple, truthful, honest girl, bad not n ghost of a doubt that it was her brother-in-law who was in the room with the respondent That evidence con vinces me that tho petitioner was in the room all night. I am not clear what rights that would give, or of what rights it miht deprive tho petitioner of. It seems to me that the other matter which I felt constrained to find in that way makes it necessary for me to refuse to make the decree absolute, and to order the decree nisi to be reversed. I do it with considerable reluctance, feeling that these persons could never be together again, and that no good to themselres or society could result from their coming together. The law, however, compels me to arrive unwillingly at the conclusion that the mart iage bond must bo allowed to stand. "With regard to tbe costs, this is a motion by the mother of the respondent, and I do not know tlint I can visit on her head the sins ot her daughter. That being ho there is only ono course open to me. I must make the petitioner pay the costs of this intervention. The parties then left the court. 