! OUR LONDON LETTER. [FROM Ors OWN CORRESPONDENT. J | Loudon, 2(lth January, j Thc principal topic! of conversation in the clubs during the week have been the arrest of Jabez Spencer Balfour, asd the reconciliation between Prince Bismarck and the German Emperor. Now that it is known that the notorious chairman of the defunct Liberator Society is in safe custody, hopes arc expressed j that no hitch will occur in connection with , his extradition to this country. Inspector , Tonbridge of Scotland Yard sturts im mediately for thc Argentine Republic for the purpose of bringing Balfour back to thia country in thc event of his extradition being granted. Thc officer will be armed with somesix warrants. What precise course the proceedings before thc courts at Buenos Ayres will toke, it isof courseinipossible say,' but lr is assumed that although some of the warrants may, under the new treaty, prove inoperative, one at least among them will Becure the prisoner's surrender to the English Government in spite of the strenuous opposition which his legal advisers there will be certain to offer. Up till the present no I definite steps have been taken for the pro- secution of his colleagues. In fact, os matters at present stand, the Public Prosecutor will rely upon thc evidence of theBc colleagues to secure the conviction of thc absconding bankrupt, and bring home to him the iucep lion and working ont of the frauds which will he alleged against him. Balfour, who, hythe way, has just passed Iiis fiftieth year, is the son of a rag merchant in Chelsea, and when he entered the House of Commons he was known as tho " champion director," having a seat on the boards of no fewer than thirteen companies. The recondiliation between the old man who made the German Empire and thc young man who now rules it, is looked upon gener- ally in this country with the utmost favour, and, indeed, in some quarters is regarded as of the highest import- ance. The origin of the rupture is well known. The Monarch resented what he considered an attempt on the part of the Minister to control him ; the Chancellor, who had so fully enjoyed the confidence and esteem of the Emperor he served so long, so dili- gently, nnl with such mighty results, was impatient and angry at seeing a danger to hi« plans in thc impulsiveness of a headstrong youth, and thus the quarrel which has been so much deplored arose. Thc belief gains ground that the Emperor's invitation to thc Prince is due to a conviction that in the present state of Europe the counsel of a veteran statesman who for a quarter of a century was familiar with every move on the political chess board is well worth having. The fact is Germany's supremacy in arms can no longer he regarded as undisputed. The army of France is es strong numerically SB that of Germany, and it is as well armed and as well furnished with all the materials of war. Then again the appearance of Russia as an almost certain ally of France ia the event of thc latter being attacked, has entirely dunged thc relative righting power of the Triple Alliance. In such circumstances it is easy to understand why the Emperor should be so much concerned about Prince Bismarck's health, and why he should be desirous of con- sulting him. Sir Gerald Portal's death is a very sad affair, and perhaps not even his own family felt his loss BO much as Lord Rosebery. Here was a young man, handsome, successful, who bsd the ball at his foot so to speak, and who would probably have risen by leaps .ind bounds to the highest posts in the colonial or diplomatic service. But it was not to be. The malarial fever from which he suffered while at Zanzibar, broke out afresh some five weeks ugo while he was shooting with the Duke of Devonshire, and typhoid fever supervened and carried bim off at the early agc of thirty six. He was only married three years ago to a daughter of thc seventh Earl of Abingdon. What makes the event even sadder is that his elder brother, Captain Raymond Portal, died out iu Uganda of fever. Thus thc two brothers have fallen in the work of Imperial expansion, as by the bye have the two brothers Lendy. Sir (Jerald's report on Uganda has been in the hands of the Govern- ment for some weeks, but be has' not lived to see it published. The Portals have long had the contract of supplying the Bank of England with paper for their notée, having csrly in the last century established p:tper mills at Laver stoke. There ought to bc no question about granting Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co. the paltry subsidy of £25,001) for the new Canadian-Australusian line of steamships, especially in view of the fact that the Govern- ment of thc Dominion of Canada arc pre- pared tn pay as much as £150,000 sterling per annum to a company which shall establish swift and direct communication between England and Canada. What bas long been desired is an alternative "all British " route to Australia, and even Lord Ripon admits that every one must be impressed with its Imperial importance. But his lordship alone i is powerless, thc Post Office has to be con- sulted as well as the Chancellor of the 'Exchequer. But Lord Ripon has promised that the matter shall have the serious atten- tion of thc Government. Pending the con. sidcratinn of the scheme as a whole, however, Lord Ripon has promised to see at once whether anything cnn be granted for the call ut Fiji. This will afford the enterprising owners of the new linc a measure nf instant relief and they have expressed their willing- ness to accept it on the principle that " half a loaf is better than no bread. ' Mr. dames Huddart has every confidence in the Queens- land Government granting the subsidy in thc near future. Sir Charlea Tupper, Sir Saul Samuel, Sir Westby Pei ceval, and Sir Robert Herbert all urged the point on Lord Ripon on behalf of their respective colonies, but the Agents-General for South Australia and Queensland were absent. Some interesting facts were given by Mr. E. G. Ravenstein in his lecture on "The British Empire as a Geographical and Com- mercial Unit," delivered by him at the Imperial Institute on Monday evening. It appears that 20 per cent of the area of the whole world, which consists of 52.429,000 square miles, is British. Over the world's area is a population of 1,447,238,000, of which 26 Îier cent arc British subjects. But in the îritisli Empire only 12 per cent of the popu- lation are Europeans. As to the religions of thc Empire, 14 per cent of the whole popu- lation arc Christians, which means that we have converted about 2 per cent of the natives. That conversion, it may be interest- ing to know, has cost some 200 millions sterling. The lecturer then showed by means of a diagram, illustrating the world sur- rounded with boundaries, that the sea boun- dary consists of 34,000 geographical miles, while the land boundary consists of 22,000 geographical miles. The vast extent of the former shows the necessity of an efficient defence by sea, not so much for thc sake of the colonies as in order to secure the roads of commerce which connect tho mother country with thc rest of the world. Having made a rapid survey of thc constitution of tile British E-npire, Mr. Ravenstein speke ef the com- merce of the Empire, stating that within its limits everv necessity mieht be produced. The governing body of the Imperial Insti- tuto arc only tra pleased to grant facilities for meetings of colonists at South Kensington, and so long ss they understand what the meetings art- to be about, they are acting in the right direction. On Thursday afternoon the British, Women's Emigration Association held a sert of tea-meeting for their frienib. The Hon. Mrs. Stuart-Wortley, the presi- dent, gave everyone a kindly greeting, which was seconded by tho vice-president, the Hon. Mrs, Joyce, who bas visited many of our colonies, to see the society's protèges in their nev homes. While Mrs. Stnsrt-Wortley was explaining privately that the colonies are never too full for picked women, and that the colonial authorities sent her by every mail lists of their wants and vacancies, Sir Malcolm and Lady Fraser were announced. The Agent-General for Western Australia had come straight from Gravesend to tell the ¡president he had seen fifty y«h^wMen| safely on board the Port Victoria, tlated on the size of the port-holes, and ÎW, balmy breezes that would play through them when crossing the line, and altogether could not have been more concerned for the comfort of the girls if all fifty had Leen his daughters. Sir Charles Mills, Agent- General for the Cape, put in an appearance also, und after a good many other people hud arrived, thc firesident und vice-president each malle a ittle speech, counselling benevolent folks not to fritter away their money on casual break faste and dinners to thc poor, but to send suitable families to the colonies, where doles would not be needed. To all of which your readers will, I nm sure, say " Arnon." A wonderful fatality seems to have attached itself to the family of Captain Wilson, who met with such a tragic death in Matnbele Iaud. All the members that have yet died Have been takcu away by accidentar violence. Only a week or two ago his aged mother, ; unconscious of her gallant son's peril or fate, succumbed to paralysis. The husbands of two of his sisters have fallen a prey to the dangers of the deep. Two brothers were drowned on an expedition in South Africa. There remains now thc eldest son. Dr. George Wilson, the medical officer for Mid-Warwick- shire, himself a pioneer of sanitary science, auil a genial lover of fox and horse and hound. Mr. Andrew Lang and other converts to a belief in ghosts, have a matter for investiga- tion provided for them by a story related in a Philadelphia paper. A lady in that city, a member of "a family of importance in the history of the state," had a twin brother who was making his fortune in New Zealand. One evening lately, the story goes, the lady was sitting surrounded by friends, when all at once she gave a piercing cry, and, placing her hand to her ride, fell fainting to the floor. On reviving she declared that she hod been suddenly stabbed just above the heart and under the left arm, indicating the spots. She was assured that she «vas labouring under the purest imagination, but was hard to convince that this was the case, so plainly had she felt the knife enter her body. That night a little daughter was born to her, and the child waa found to be marked on thc places indie ited by the mother as the wounds she had imagined. News soon afterwards arrived that her brother had been killed, stabbed by a native in the place where she had felt the wounds. This is the Corsican bi others over again, and if OB in- vestigation tl>e account proves true, it need scarcely be added that it is an occurrence which will infinitely strengthen-go far to confirm, indeed-belief in telepathy. So the Rev. Dr. De Witt Talmage, of Brooklyn, has definitely announced his inten- tion of resigning his pastorate on the occasion of tile twenty-fifth anniversary of his taking charge of it, that is on the 22nd of March next. His plans for the future, it appears, are not yet developed, but his decision is irrevocable. No reason is assigned by him for his resolve other than that he thinks he hos been long enough connected with one church. It is understood that the funds of the Tabernacle have been largely falling off foi: some time past. His obi friend Dr. Parker, of the City Temple, here affirms that the Chris'.ian public of the whole world ought to insist upon the withdrawal of Dr. lal mage's resignation. Dr. Talmage, he says, IIOCB not belong te a parish. As the most pictorial and vivid preacher 'now living, he belongs to the universal church. If his church finances arc going down we ought, says Dr. Parker, to put them into a prosperous con- dition. This is all very well, but the same might be said of many English Nonconformist churches whose pastors arc feeling very acutely the present depression. [We have since heard by cable that Dr. Talmage has withdrawn his resignation.-ED.] Theatrical enterprise seems to pay better than anything else in the States just now, i'udging from the profits which Mr. Henry rving is making. Up till thc end of December his receipts totalled £99,000, taken during his all round tour. I hear that there is a scheme on foot in London for starting an Old Maids Insurance Society. After all there is nothing so very absurd in the notion, for it has been in practical operation in Denmark for many years. If a lady remains unmarried till she readies thc age of forty she will receive an amount in proportion with the number of years during which she has paid an annual subscription, but if alie marries before or after that age, she will forfeit all claim un the company. Withont wishing to puff the institution one cannot help thinking that money will very frequently fall into the coffers of thc company, as few ladies will bc able to resist thc temptation of a proposal. The premium asked by the office with these favourable chances in view ought to he a very moderate one. The company has fixed thc age of an old maid at forty, so that much disputed point is settled for the future. 