WHO IS i,,. h OR The Indian Matahma in Australia, ("COPYRIGHT. I \- ' m AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF THE Natural & Supernatural, BY KENNETH HAMILTON, M.L., F.Ti. C. S. . CHAPTER XX. — '(Continued.) " Oil, Mr. Barton," she said, "tell me if . you have anything on your mind ! You will have a partial judge, I think," she added, with a wan smile. "Our burdens become lighter . when we have ai friend beside us. . And I am your friend, and you have bought from my gratitude all a woman can be stow.'.' -It was plain speaking and spoken in all sincerity. Barton felt- the truth of the Avoman, and he was moved to his inmost, soul. . w ' . " Good Heavens !" he said, "if Ionly dare "with such a bast to Kane like a mill-stone . round my heck," Then with with a sort of fury in his voice : " You do not know what you say. Listen. I don't know myself . My "past is but a hideous dream, with every hellish phantom dancing in mockery through my mind. I am the sport of a fiend. One moment I seem to grasp some recollection and cling to it. like a drowning sailor to a slippery rock, and again a new idea springs up equally vivid and equally tangible, and the two cannot be true. "What is it all, you will say. I don't know, can't know — and i;o one but one man can help me and he wont. \- Heavens ! if I were to tell you the experience of the past few months — but no, I will not. God preserve your memory, Miss Marsden.' "With it goeslifo." They walked on in silence, both bent on their own thoughts. " You will not let me help you," she said at last. "Ah, it's not fair," (with a little ghost of a. smile.) "I would if I dare," recovering himself; .. "but tho secret of my unhappy fancy must bo borne by myself to tho grave. That will . come to finish all or explain all." He dare say no more, and he turned away " without another word. The lady walked on pondering all these strange things in her . heart. . "What forms of self-sacrifice presented themselves before her mind Ave cannot tell, "but" avc can imagine the wide hounds of a . true Avoman's self -martyrdom. CHAPTER 'XXI. . melboukn.e'3 madness. Melbourne was mad — stark, raving, ' 'Koav' ' mad. The mania for speculating in rGal estate \- .had seized on the whole population like an epidemic disease. The people had been long prosperous and the capital of the country had marvellously increased, but had not increased in any such proportion as the sanguine wishes . of the Victorians had supposed. Legislation had brought people from all parts to the great city. These people had to find, dwell- ing-places, and buildings Avero run .up -in every direction to accommodate them. Of course this naturally caused a tremendous advance in the price of city and suburban ' property, and when large prices were paid for a feAV allotments, men of the "Wallace "type could easily create a "boom "by pur chasing at a price ten times over the highest a-al'ue. Owners of property thought that they had become millionaires Avi-thout the least . trouble on their part, and others rushed madly into speculation Avith the hope of" sharing in unexpected development. Many of the banks were . bitten by "the tarantula and actually forced the money on' their customers or even on strangers. Building societies hardly know Avhat to do "with the money which floAved into them from all sides, and no one but a fool wouid stand aside and alloAV all this 'wealth to glide past him without making a clutch to seize some of it, "What a rattling, roaring time it waB ! Everyone Avas to he rich ; everyone was to have his OAvn house hTifl "hie rrtwri winft nnrl nnrl "Viofrnrin was to become, tho garden, of Eden — barring the innocence — of the nineteenth century. . "Wallace Avas at the head of everything, and indeed— hardly understanding what was to such a large extent the Avork of his OAvn hand or head— was inclined to believe in the reality of it all; At one time" he did believe in a half-hearted way and went 011 rejoicing. Then die recollected- the very small basis on Avhich it all rested, and determined to make his hay while the sun was shining. Again \- he Avas drawn in. ' Some syndicate or other had to be formed, and what chance was there of doing any good unless " Sir "William " was known to have a " hand in it." ' ' He bought and he sold, but it was all on paper. Men bought for paper and incurred liabilities that they could never meet if they lived to the age of Methuselah, and then. sold for paper to men as reckless and foolish' as themselves. "Whatever coin Avas going was supplied by banks which suddenly sprung up , . into mushroom existence with the times. Wallace's companies took a neAV lease of life, and he added to their number until they were beyond even his comprehensive glance. His style of living became even more ostentatious than ever. His Toorak mansion Avas enlarged so that it rivalled the palace of a sovereign. His wife, Lady Wallace, was the leader of . . society. Nothing could be done in town or country -without her at tho head of it, and certainly she filled the position of " Lady Bountiful " to admiration." She was a good' . "woman, and good women are too rare. ' \- "Wallace and Lumsden were again closetted together in the office of the former just when \- .-the madness was at. its height. They were both -perfectly well aAvare that the climax' \-- had been reached, and that if they -Avere to be safe they must realise gradually. But that was easier said than done. ,. Paper has to .mature no matter how good it may be: Tho conference had- been long and anxious. ; The tAyo men looked haggard and .weary. They had summoned a spirit from the ATasty deep, and had forgotten the Abracadabra Avmcn could control mm. There Avere many things to bp carefully considered — many con tingencies to be anticipated. They had suc- ceeded in quadruplying their assets, but they had been forced into incurring liabilities much greater, and some of . these li'adtobe met substantially in cash, .or tho fabric they \- had taken such trouble in building Avould come tumbling about their' ears like a house ,ofcards. - " ' "I don't see what we can do," said Lums- \- deny thro\ring himself back' into his chair. That confounded bill of Hampton's must be met by hook or crook, and the Victoria will require solid mahogany." f ' That doesn't matter in itself, ' ' said Wal-. lace, " if we could only see beyond. There is upwards of £100,000 in value in that safe that could be turned into sovereigns or as .'good as sovereigns in half an hour." deuGe there is !" said his friend . " What in the name of common-sense have \- you been humbugging about, then, Avith enough in hand to float us for a genera- ,-c tion !" .v Two rery small . considerations . Jftrafc, I havo only a claim on some twelve or fifteon thousand of it, and second, although the rest is not my own and may bo ' called for any moment, I have made use of' it already for an advance- Avhen the ' Mcrcatorial ' re quired one." _ - - < ' " On my honor, it Ayill have to go for the samo purpose again, so far as I can see," said Lumsden. "It hasn't been long back," replied Wal lace ; " but I suppose that doesn't' matter. On the smaller sum I have something of a claim. It is the .savings of a couple of miners aarho gave it to me for investment, and I thought . I couldn't do better than invest it in our "'Financial.' They have been Avell enough contented Avith their dividends up to the present at-any rate." Both the men laughed heartily at the thought of -the- high dividends, and then Lumsden said : " You haven't told me where the rest came from."' ""Well, there is a bit of a mystery about that I can't get at the bottom of. It.aa-as left here by -the Indian— prince he said he was — for safe keeping." You met him I think in Toorak one evening. He has drawn upon .me tAvice or three times, .but only for com paratively small sums, from Dunediu and Launc-eston, but that is all I have to ledger against him since he brought the stuff' one evening, with something like secrecy. He -told me he would "give me fair notice before he-withdrew it. I" don't knoAV why he said so, but at any rate I trusted to receiving notice and haa-e made goed use of the treasure — indeed; if things six' months ago hadn't taken a decent "turn . I half fancy I should- have made a permanent loan of it," \- but there was no necessity, and I don't think there is aiiy now. "We can always haAre time to turn about .after receiV"iug his notice." "It Avill ha\'c to go to the vaults of tlic 'Commercial' to-morroAV, I think," .said Lumsden. ' ' Tilings aren't over bright in the south, I can tell you. .- The SaA-ing's Bank deposits hardly keep us afloat, and Carney has been 'booming' it up too loud. "We Avere both dipped in a couple of speculations pretty heavily, and ready money is OA-er scarce Avith us." . . "Hang Carney and you both!" cried "Wallace in a rage. " You'll spoil tho Avholo thing by your folly. The bottom I tell you every day is knocked clean out of the ' boom,' and will soon be 'devi! take the hindmost,' and the hindmost I tell yoii again Avill come an eternal smash. If Ave can spin through for a feAV months wo shall come out with fly ing colors and full bags, hut if you and Carney play the deuce uoav a\e'll be bloAvn sky- high. Can't you (have a little bit of common-sense?" " Ob, a. very feAV thousands Avill keep us square all round, so long as tlie people bring in their savings and the borroAvers pay up tlieir dues. I can ahvays-shut up the direc tors, and the auditors darn't quick. Very little of the ready money Avill be enough, and you can let us haA-e it hoav.j ' "'"Well, you know how I stand Avith all these companies. "We have bled the ' Mer- catorial' almost dry of cash. I haA-e been disappointed, I tell you at once, in many of my expectations, but I am sure AA-itli time Ave could pull straight, but - Ave' 11 AAra"nt.tiine and nothing else aa-HI do. Time A\\-ill steady matters, and the margin of profit we count on Avill bring us in straight. There is enough and more than enough- to do it, but Ave may turn out the ' donkey betAvoen tAvo stools.' One thing is certain, you must have no more speculation. You have had qAiite enough of it, and it is as well for you to keep in mind that any further speculations you indulge in will he at your own risk, and your chance of making anything from- them is of the smallest. The bottom is out of the '-boom,' I tell you." " I'll take your word for it. The road out of the present state of affairs must run through your safe. There is nothing. else for it, because to realise noAV would be madness, and these hills must be met or there Avill be ruin all round." "You are right enough there, and I doubt I see some trouble ahead Avith the 'Mer- catorial.' Once eA-er there is a breath of suspicion the crash will come and nothing' on earth AA'ill stop it. If we can keep straight, as I said before, Ave can manage in. a couple of months and make splendid profits as Avell. Time is all we Avant, and we must have that at any price. Noav, this is what I shall do. This Halim Haki left the money Avith me on the sole condition that he Avould have it when it Avas demanded. Ho made the laAV- papers devilishly secure for himself, I pro mise you. I hardly thought ho Avould have ziitu bue uuuse tu uu a>u uuu uu ILIU. xxu uiu. not, however, bind my hands as regards using it, and the whole consequently Avill go to the vaults of the bank as security for an ad\\-ance to meet those "bills, but on the condition that it is kept intact until redeemed. Darn the money ! — I don't know that it lias benefitted \- me much. I ahvays looked back to it Avhen I speculated, and the temporary possession mado mo cut my fingers to the hone unless it turns up trumps uoav — at any rate there is enough to pull us through for tho present, and if Ave get our pegs in all straight there aauII be easy going in the future." " Don't he sure of that, old man. The whole city has been bitten, and if one of these institutions goes doAvn the Avhole bag of tricks will be scattered in eternal smash. Egad, I shake in my shoes myself. Between Carney and myself there is hardly a penny-piece in our concern. The safe is "full of bogus securities, and any minute Ave may have a Moav up. I have a feAV thousands laid by if the worst comes to the aa-orst,,but not enough to make things domestic "hum- as I always like theni. ' Phiz ' as a rare old stuff, but dreadfully expensive." "Well, of course, I can't be sure of it, but Ave both have the reputation of millions and we can live on that for a short time even if times are bad. What aa-e .want, as I said . before, is to feud off pressing creditors. Our bills are maturing with frightful rapidity and must be met or everything is blown. Now, this Indian money Avill give us a show. I shall have it in tho ' Commercial ' in a day or so and you can draw on me. How much will do you?-' You AA-ill haA-e to make it as little as you can possibly do Avitb, because it is risky — mighty risky, I tell you." "I must have £1.0,000 at the very least. You had better run over and see how we stand and then you can judge." "That's useless. I know Avell enough how you stand generally." - " " "What do you think will be the result of it all?" / ' -""What do I think ? Why, man, I know it Avill next door to ruin "Victoria lock, stock and barrel. That don't matter, hoAvever, if avo can pull through ourselves. On my con science, Lumsden."' " Of course you mean as much as there is of it." ' " To he sure I do — to he sure I do. I was going to say something else. But I shall say that on my conscience or the partial con science I wouldn't like to be in your shoes if there is an eternal smash. The old Avomen of the . south will wipe you out with their dishclouts." Lumsden shuffled "a bit uneasily on his chair at the omen. "All right, man," said he; "but let me tell you while the old women are at work with me the men Avill. be lynching you, and Egad, I don't know what I should prefer if I had a say in.the matter." \- - "Pooh ! Pooh 1 man, we are in Victoria and living in the Victorian age of the nine teenth century." " Faith," said. Lumsden, rising, " only for that safe over there and what's in it I should relish a change of Quarters and wouldn't bother about the age Y< 11 -1i.»iMi:'» jr-a in Such serious suhjo'-t.-. W::;I.-;.-e. -V ; inf-nui! old woman did .bring me to book.th" cihrr day, and I had to sheli out.- G.ui ! s!n- gave me a fine taste, and now your uu;i i i-ming the beldames brought her io mind. Good-bye, old man, I'll sec you to- morrow early " "Bo -here as early as possible after ton. Haki's money must go, and we must make the most of the time Ave have. Be sure and come to our hop- to'-night. We must sIioaa; a a- bold face no matter hoAv things ru'11. Good bye ! for the present." - . The two men separated a'ml Lumsden Avent his aa- ay. "Wallace remained' the last man .in the office, and did not lea a?o until long after his accustomed hour. Tho gambler, was calculating the chances of the diee. CHAPTER XXTI. the nALL AT toorak. " Chisellmrst." the- Toorak mansion of Six- William Wallace, was the scone of much fuss and gay disturbance on the evening of the- eventful ball. The road Avas thronged . Avith carriages draAvn up in lino Avaiting Avith Avliat patience they could tlieir turn to clri\\-e up and leftA-e their fair occupants at tho bril liantly lighted door: of this hospitable man sion. -The gates, grounds and house blazed Avith. electric light, fountains flashed and gleamed with rainboAv hues, skilfully throAvu upon them by carefully designed lights ; . while inside the hall the most wondei-ful . arrangement of ferns and floAvers converted the stately house into a fairy palace. - At the top of the first re'eeption-room stood Lady Marion and Sir William- Wallace.1 smilinsr and chatting, beaming aa-ith welcome as they re'ceiA-ed their many guests and -addressed to them the feAV society phrases and appropriate chit-chat AA'liich Avas all that could be inter changed in so great a croAvd. " - Edith had grown Avcary of it gome half hour previously and Avit-hdroAV to -an inner ilr.iAving-x-oom, -where the Avariri .light fell from rose-colored globes and the scented aix-, the Avaving-palms and ferrisj the sweet heavy secnt of rare and beautiful floAvors all helped to lull the senses to a dreamkig delight which the sIoav nmsic of the distant ball room only deepened 'instead' of rousing. Edith found herself for a feAV moments alone, and, draAving near to one of the large bay- AvindoAA'S half shaded by tlxe soft, velvety curtains, she dreAV the blind and gazed out at the soft moonlit heavens. "Ah, heaven," she murmured, "how lovely, how peaceful the night ! and here how happy tho faces around me. Ah, me ! shall I ever knoAV happiness or peace again. Why can I not still this eager longing for one step, this mad, insane desii-e to hear the sound of one A-oice, to feel the touch of - one strong hand grasping- mine Avith kindness. Yes I that is just it, Avith kindness it is and nothing- else — yet I iiiought the last week or so ho looked aa-ith more gentleness ; he spoke with something of tenderness, of regret A\Thcn lie said that he should fyave soon to take a journey Avith flic prince. Ah, that prince, Avliat a dark, mysterious being hb is— one glance of his piercing eyes is enough to send a shiver right through to my very soul. Is he George Barton's evil genius, as lie some times seems to intimato ? What is the con nection between thorn ? I fear — I fear it is him I have to thauk for the stote of George's mind towards me. A glanoo from him and George Beams to retreat Avitlilu himself some- Avhere miles and miles from ms — Attd yet i not lav® the greatest power in the world! I feci as if my love fcr George would be strong enough to surround him like a child — to slay ' any other poAver that, would approach to harm him. Ah me, what a Avild, foolish girl lam — and ho cares nothing — nothing — " She . clasped her hands suddenly,- and AiT.ung. them in her torture of mind as the strength, and hopelessness of her love foreod itself on her attention. A deep sigli near her mado her turn sharply round to discoA-cr the object of her thoughts standing a little bphiiid gazing out at tho night aa-ith a dreaming, far away air as if he AAras only half alive. "Mr. Barton, I thought you aatx-o danc- ing I" cried Edith,' scarcely knoAring in her confusion Avhat slie said. "Dancing, dancing — what havo I. to do Avith dancing ; that, belonged to —to Avhat— something or someAvliero that I can't lay hold of in my miiul do what I Avill— some time or place in ray life, and yet tcus it ///// life ?" " Mr. Barton, you talk strangely at times, and yet Avhen action is necessary -you arc quick enough, as I am never tired of remem bering," she added in a' soft and av inning tone. It seemed to touch Barton into life for a moment. Auvaiieiii it bbey no iuua. nor hand in a Avarm clasp. " Nay, -Miss Marsden, you tliink too much of so simple a thing ; but I cannot say much about it since it has brought me the friend ship and sympathy of so SAVCet a woman as yourself, and I am so rough and plain a man that I cannot express to you all I Avisli to say." "Yes, my friendship is yours, if that is of any use to you — -friends in this Avorld are not so plentiful I fiud, and in society it is a word of a hollow sound ; yet friendship, pure and single-hearted, and . kind thought never yet harmed anyone, and my life is so lonely a one, in spite of appearances, and Avill be al ways so, that my friends are few and far be- tAvcen." A faction of friendship, therefore, is not likely to be broken on my part — bauds on't?" she added, with a' short laugh AAdiieh verged very nigh to tears. Once more their hands met in a long clasp. "Thanks, Miss Marsden— Edith may I say for once. This is, indeed, a thing to prize — a true, Avarm- heartod little friend; but I forget I came to ask, at your sister's desire, if ycu will honor me Avith this Avaltz. I feel as if I danced, and yet I am not cer tain !" he cried, in an irritated kind of Avay, "but you are so gentle that if I don't sbape well you Avill pardon mo, I knoAV,"' and - drawing the hand ho still held through' his arm, he marched off to the- ball-room iu the half-absent manner Avhich . seenied one of his chief characteristics.' . The softest and dreamiest of "" waltzes soimded through the hall-room, and Edith soon found herself floating1 -round in George Barton's arms in the rythmic motion so dear to all true loA-ers of tho 'ball-room. Ilor stop and George's harmonized aa-ell together. The dancers thinned off. couple after couple, but Edith and.hci- compaiiion kept on. -'"Many an admiring glance foiloAved them :. she Avas so. graceful and Barton so tall, and their danc ing expressed the very poeti-y of "motion. \- But as Kingsley says, ' ' Good times and bad times and all times soon come to an end," and so at last did the waltz. With the look of dreaming happiness still on. her faeo, she lot Barton lead her to one of tho dimly lighted conservatories in silence and stand fanning her for a few moments ere he-broke the silence. "Thank you, ,my little friend; it seems "that I did dance onoe somewhere, -.though 'pon my honor' I can't say whore- But yon possess a great amount of oleotrio force, I fancy, for I always feel a certain defiance of fate or something when I am near you. A strange fact. I cannot explain even to my self what I mean. A strange man I knoAV myself to bp — a queer friend for you, little . one, and one -you'll tiro of before long if I mistake not." "Never George — Mr. Barton I mean — I shall not change as long as there is life in me at all ; but I Avish, ob, I Arish'I could help you to remember what you Avish, but I feel strangely depressed to-night, and I thought . I heard more than one anxious tone in the groups of talking people that we passed going fltA "hnll- rnnm. AVhn.fr. is in frliA #nv — rlnrnn feel it?" — ITq UK CONTINUED.!. W. H. 13 ' 