“THE IDEAL OF THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.” THE CONGRESS SERMON, By SAMUEL, BISHOP OF BALLARAT. Preached before the Australasian Church Congress, In St. David’s Cathedral, Hobart, Tasmania, 23rd January, 1894, St. John i., - 51.—“ Heaven opened, and the Angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man.” “ Most Reverend, Right Reverend, and Reverend Fathers, Holy Brethren, and Sisters in the Lord, — “Recognising as you gladly will in the utterer of these words the Supreme Teacher of Mankind —the incarnate wisdom, as well as power, of God —there is small need that I should bespeak your earnest consideration of them, as likely to be charged with some deep significance—treasured up b3' the disciple of His bosom, registered here among the very first sayings of the newly manifested Christ, prefaced by His own oracular ‘ Verily, verily,’ you will not doubt tliat the words are rich in heavenly meaning, and you will be eager to join me in trying, with help from above, to understand what the fulness of that meaning is. Possibly, among other things, the ideal of a Church Congress may prove to be traceable in them. “At least it will surely be good for this congress, before its own many words begin, to ponder some few 1 Words of Jesus,” such as these. It will tend to posture our mmds the better, will it not? for approaching dis cussions such as those proposed to us in the congress programme. “ I spoke of pondering our text, and it needs pondering. Here, as so often, our gracious Master piques devout curiosity with something of a riddle. For to what does this majestic utterance refer ? “ To some spectacle, it would seem, grander than the display of superhuman knowledge which had just been grauted to the amazed Nathaniel—‘Thou shalt see greater things than these.’ “That expression, or its like, occurs more than once in this evangelist, and always hints at some glorious characteristic feature of the new era, which Christ’s true disciples, as such, should be permitted to feast their eye3 upon, and to which even the signs and wonders that He wrought were but an overture or introduc tion. “Plainly, therefore, the Day of Judgment is not meant, as some have surmised. True, Heaven will open then and angels will descend; but witnessing that supreme event would be no special privilege of Nathaniel and his fellows. The last judgment had always been an object of Jewish expectation, apart altogether from the teaching of the Christ. Moreover, it boded ultimate terror and confnsion to the unbeliever, rather than present confirmation of an apostle’s faith. Nor would it wear any correspondence to Jacob’s vision and its messages of love—so manifestly referred to here. Not a ladder will the awful day reveal, linking tho sinner’s couch of sorrow with tho presence- chamber of his pardoning God; but rather a fiery stream, dividing saved from unsaved; a flaming sword, barring against the lost all access to the Tree of Life. “ Nor do the words particularly point, as others have imagined, to the triennium of Christ's ministry on earth, as par excellence the time of angelic visitation. Heaven indeed opened, over Jesus when baptised, and angels came down to minister to Him in tne wilderness, and in the garden, and spoke words of cheer to His disciples at the Ascension. But there is no evidence that the apostles themselves saw the sky rent at Christ’s baptism, or beheld any of the angels that hovered round His path—at least until His earthly ministry had closed. On the other hand, after it had closed, angelic messengers are recorded as visiting Christ’s servants quite as often as they had visited Himself. An ampler ministry of angels is, no doubt, pre dicted in the text; but assuredly the prediction was not exhausted by the instances of it men tioned in the gospels. “What, then, did our Blessed Master specially intend by these high words, ‘ Ye shall see’ (observo the ‘hereafter’ of the un revised version has no authority). ‘ Ye shall see heaven opened, and the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man.’ “ Well, we must remember that Ho spoke them to men well versed in the Old Testament scriptures. It is in term3 of Jacob’s dream— so familiar to their minds and ears—that the import and purpose of : the new covenant, as a whole, is here first revealed to the destined patriarchs of that new covenant. What happened to one of the ancient patriarchs, when the earlier covenant was inaugurated, is used to illustrate the inauguration of the later and the better one. ‘Art thou greater than our father Jacob?’ a woman asked at Jacob’s well, and Christ showed her that He \vas, for He could give her living water, which that well would never yield. He was the true, the better Jacob! “ Now Jacob’s wondrous dream, we all re member, unfolded the destiny of himself and his elect posterity; and I will ask you to ob serve that in that dream three glorious ideas found symbolical expression. “ First there was a pledge of pardon in it. The erring fugitive was restored to fellowship with God. ‘I am with ..thee,’ pealed the Heavenly voice. 1 The Lord shall by my God,’ was the response. “ Secondl}-, there wa3 a charter of worship. ‘ This is none other than the House of God — the gate of Heaven,’’ was the dreamer's infer ence at the time. ‘ I am the God of Bethel,’ was the Lord’s message to him later on; ‘ mako thee an altar unto God who appeared unto thee.’ “ Thirdly, there waB a ‘ Bcnediclio Orbi ,’ a promise of salvation for the race of man. ‘ In’ thee, and in thy seed, shall all families of earth be blessed.’ “Grandly was all this illustrated to .the sleeper by a shining stair, set up on earth, yet in touch with Heaven, echoing oracles of love and radiant with gliding angels! “ It was a dream; but was not all a dream. In glorious measure it came true, without delay. Forgiven Jacob, once a supplanter end a cheat, shaped into a prince with God; the anointed stone of Bethol was precursor of the august worship-system of the chosen nation; the glory of God’s people Israel ex panded into a Light that lightened all the Gentiles. Alike for the individual, for the consecrated community, and for the race, there was a burden of blessing iu that mystic dream. But was it realised in those past days ? Did Jacob see it all fulfilled? Did the Jewish Nation ? Did the world in the ages before the advent? “O, not in any completeness of fulfilment! But ‘ ye shall see ’ it, cries Messiah, here, to His little group of faithful ones. ‘ Ye shall see ’ it! My coming ushers in tho truo era of the Heavenly Stair! Yes, all that Jacob dreamed wn.s now to be a present, positive reality. For Christ, I repeat, is the second Jacob; and in Him. and for His sake, the time has come of opened skies, and angel ministra tion. “ Tho Catholic fathers delighted to draw out into detail the correspondence between the patriarch of Bethel and the Christ of Bethle hem and Calvary. Tho Incarnate One, like Jacob, was an exile from His Father’s home, and on His way through a stony wilderness" to tako for Himself a bride. Hi had not where to lay his head. " Sleeping last, on the hard "couch of the pitiless cross, the sleep of .His atoning death, and awaking from it in resurrection. He set up" the pillar of His church on earth, and anointed it with His Spirit, making it the dwelling place of God. “Wo are not careful to adopt all Patristic ‘accommodations’ of Old Testament Scrip ture, interesting as many of them may be to tho minds of some of us: but that there is in tended by the words before us an application of what befel Jacob at Luz to the Church of the Redeemed, and her privileges and functions in the world, seems, when you have well pon dered it, an exegesis beyond the reach of doubt. “ Shall we reverently try to follow out that application ? In doing so we will leave utterly on one side all ecclesiastical controversy what soever. “I. First, then, personal forgiveness is tho primary' blessing of the Gospel. A stair is set up among the stones where tho wanderer lies forsakon, and its top is Paradise; and down that stair comes a voice charged, not with estrange ment and wrath, as the trembling fugitive might have expected, but with tender love. Tho Ladder makes the difference. On that all the angels of God’s mercy may now swarm forth, ascending and descending. O, have wo never hoard tho rustling of their wings, aye, and seemed to recogniso amongst them angel faces that we * loved long sinco, and lost awhile?’ “ But why ascending and descending ? Why not descending with God’s mercies first, and then ascending with man’s praises? Is it God that is first approached from beneath ? Is it mt rather He that first drew near us from above ? Why, then, are the angels said, both in Genesis and here, first to ascend, and after wards to descend ? “ Is that worth pondering ? Surely in words of Jesus every detail is ! “ Tho Bishop of Durham thinks it is sug gested that the angels encompassed Jacob upon the earth already, though he know it not. The apparatus of God’s mercy girds men round, as the fiery chariots and horses did the beleagured Elisha, before their eyes are open to discern it. In harmony with this, when the ladder is seen, the angels that arc close at hand are first ob served and described as they pass up upon it. “ Without disputing that, I ask you to ponder an alternative solution. Note, that this ladder is first set up on earth; from thence it climbs to Heaven. The dominant order of movement, then, is upwards, and not down wards. The device of this ladder is Excelsior ! Something is adumbrated that, by Divine ordinance, soars Heavenward from an earthly startingplace, and may not this have determined the order of mention of these gliding angeL ? You shall judge presently whether it should count for anything in tho interpretation. “ Meanwhile to come back from our digres sion we again remind you that remission of sins is the first thing it is intended we shall see. By faith Jacob saw it in the ladder, and wrought his conversion; and the great majority of real Christians have had some correspond ing epoch in their lives, when the gospel of for giveness came home to themselves, and they saw the ladder and the angels. “ Well do wo know the whereabouts to-day of that gospel of forgiveness. We know where, morn by morn and eve by eve, from lips of authority, we may hear the gracious accents fall. ‘ He pardoueth and absolveth all them that truly repent and nnfoignedly believe.’ Yes, in the Church of Christ we meet in rich reality with that which encountered Jacob in a dream at Bethel, the present forgiveness of all our sins through the precious blood of Jesus Christ, God’s Son. Ah, where would be the joy of Christian fellowship with one another in this congress, unless each for himself we could county on that? But with God’s forgiveness warming all our hearts, the seraphs are our fitting company; and the hymns of holy rapture of Cliristian congregations may well ascend more loud than theirs ! “ ‘ Should any song bo sweet as ours, Among the songs of Heaven ? Not angels, that abide in bliss, Can taste a joy to rival this, — The joy of the forgiven !’ “11. And this reminds us that, secondly, there is a social aspect of the vision of the Heavenly stair. One of the earliest things a pardoned man should think of is united wor ship. ‘The Lord shall be my God,’ was Jacob’s first resolve; ‘ this stone shall be God’s house,’ his second. ’“‘Heaven open; angels ascending and descending!’ Tell me, did this ideal picture of true worship find its choicest visible embodi ment in Israel’s temple, with its dark, secluded inner shrine, it3 bleeding bulls and goats, its shrouded rites, and burdensome, if awe inspiring ceremonies? Is not its counterpart far more evident in the glad, free service (let us say) of this cathedral, with its soaring roof and open chancel arch, disclosing its fair, con secrated sanctuary, resonant with sweetest gospel songs of faith and joy, and centring in the Christian altar-table, remembrancer of the unfathomable love and all-atouiug sufferings of the Son of Man. “ 0, angels haunt the scene, wherever man holds communion with God in social worship. They seem to have been there in Solomon’s days, taking note of self-excusing professors. 1 Keep thy foot,’ he writes, ‘ when thou goest into the House of God . . . pay that thou hast vowed; neither say before the Angel that it .was an error.” Most certainly angels fre quented the congregations of the first Chris tians, for an Apostle bids the women dres3 modestly for church because of them. Our Saviour speaks of ‘joy in the presence of the angels of God’—that is, surely, not in God Himself (the Almighty could never be so indi cated), but in the church—over repentant sinners. ‘Ye are come,’writes the rhetorician of the New Testament, ‘ unto the general assembly and church of the firstborn, whoso names are written in Heaven . . . and to an innumerable company of angels.’ “ Wherever, then, through Christ men wor ship a forgiving God, in full view, as it were, of Heaven’s opened gate, and at the foot of the stair that slopes up to Paradise, with voices of Divine mercy pealing down —there the seraphs crowd upon it, ascending and descending. “ O, can it be'possible to take too august, too transcendent an ideal for the worship of Christ’s church on earth? “ Then' here let mo ask you, is not she the true counterpart of Jacob’s glorious ladder? ‘Overlapping,’ no doubt, there may be in legitimate interpretations of any Scripture linage; and there is much in this ladder that reminds us of the reconciling Lord Himself. But Christ, as we have seen, is rather our truo Jacob. It is for His sake the angels come; they ascend and descend ‘upon the Son of Man ’ —that is (as scholars, I "am sure, will expound with me), for Him, and about Him, as they did up from, and down to, and about the head of slumbering Jacob. Where He is, tho ladder is set up; it is in Him God is well pleased with us, and through Him speaks messages of goodwill to all His Israel. Yet the ladder itself is an essential factor in the imagery, and must have its independent counterpart. What is that which, through Christ and for Christ’s sake, lias been set upon earth, and mystically links the visible with the invisible, a whereabouts and channel of all the gracious agencies of Heaven ? “All, do not be afraid to give the light answer—the Church Catholic ! “Plainly, it is the Church of Christ on earth, in its ideal that corresponds to the ladder Jacob saw, and we see now. The keys of abso lution are trusted to her hand. United wor ship is of tho essence of her daily, hourly life, and she is the mystic Mahanaira, the angel’s camping ground. Ah, let none think, as some seem to do, that they can honor Christ by dis paraging her dignity. As well think to win a bridegroom’s approval by harping on the blemishes of his bride. Nay, learn from your Bible for all her blemishes, for all her present falling-short of her ideal —boldly to take the most exalted, the most enthusiastic view you can of her —of her ordinances, of her vocation, of her capabilities, of her certain destiny. If this world is to bo won for God, it is she that is to do it; not even the Holy Ghost will pre .paro the earth for Christ’s return alone. ‘ The Spirit and the Bride say come.’ “ And here, I dare to observe, is the true and sufficient warrant, not only for the sober splendor of form and ornament in our churches and cathedrals, and their chaste symbolic ritual, but also for the traditional names of sacred dignity which we have deliberately re tained, in designating those who hold religions office in the church of God, and thus for my addressing you, reverend brothers, as I did when I began. _ The church in which the recon ciled Father is perpetually worshipped and served renders venerable in the esteem of healthy minds all persons, and everything, essentially associated with that worship and service. Modern society recognises that by its reverential prefix to the names of clergy; and it acts wisely in so doing, and clergy should hcar and see in it, whenever used, the dread monition of tho prophet, ‘ Be ye clean, ye that bear the vessels of the Lord !' But I wish society could drift into reviv ing the ancient custom of attributing reverence in its common parlance, not only to the minister, but also to the Heavenly insti tution which he serves. It would be likely to exercise a subtlo, yet real, influence on the thoughts, aye and upon the lives, of men, if we learned again always to speak, as our fore fathers always spoke, of ‘ Holy Church.’ ‘The Spirit and tho Bride say come ! And let him that is athirst come !’ It suggests the transi tion to the third and last topic, that i3 waiting for us now; the racial aspect of tho vision of the Heavenly stair. “111. The ladder Jacob saw meant the blessing of all mankind through him and those lie represented. And is less than that to bo expected for the world through Christ, and by the agency of the true ‘ Israel of God ?' “ O joy to know that, in tho midst of all tho gloom—l may say all the horror—of onr world of 1 SI)4, on which the pessimist dilates so grimly, and which tones all our melancholy ‘ Jin dc siecle poetry and fiction, —there stands up still tho antitype of the shining stair, keeping U3 in touch with heaven! ‘ All’s well with tho world ’ sounds more than wo can say; but earth is not yet God-forsaken, or despair would be our true philosophy,—which is absurd, —and self-distruction would be wisdom, instead of the "wickedness we know it for. “ True, —as we sing,— ‘ The world is very evil, The times are waxing late.” “True that, like some hellish counterfeit of Jacob’s heaven- climbing ladder, it seems , at times as though ‘ the pit of the abyss ’ had already been unsealed, as St. John saw it in the Apocalypse, and a stairway opened down into its darkness, with no angels of God floating up that stair, bmt locusts with deadly stings, and unclean spirits like frogs and scorpions to pollute and torment society and the life of man. Verily, there is something even fiendish in some of the phenomena of onr day ! “Meanwhile, weary with the burdens ana disappointments of existence as it is, there are those who would open upwards other stairways, and would climb to heavens of their own imagining by Towers of Babel of their own designing, rejecting utterly the ladder Jacob saw and Jesus promised. The day we live in is a day of spiritual scheming, and religious speculation; an age, strange to say, ripe both with scepticism and credulity, impatient ot ‘ the faith once for all delivered,’ yet tolerant of almost any counterfeit of it; yielding itself to be cast now into the fire of fanatical de lusion, now into the chilling waters of material istic unbelief; and needing—O, how urgently! —that One should cast its stubborn demons “ Brethren, is there any hope ? A thousand times we answer, ye3! But it haunts that ladder, reared amid this world’s darkness, from the place where our Jacob slept and rose. So far as we know, the church is the one hope of the world. Some may count that dictum the craze of ecclesiastics; we hold it to ■be the verdict of all history, and the will of Heaven. “Now, what factor is it, specially, that the Church of God contributes to this world’s life? In one word —the angelic, nothing less ! “ The Christian faith, and the Christian faith alone, has introduced into human civilisation an element to which, apart from the direct or indirect influence of the Gospel, it is utterly a stranger. It is on the ladder that we find the angel and his kind! Do wo mean men, or women ? Wo mean something independent of that distinction. There is nothing of weakness or effeminacy in tho angelic. Angels are always depicted by inspiration as young men in their strength. But all the selfishness,, all the hardness and ungentleness of the sex is gone; and the inexhaustible capacity of loving, the healing and soothing, and animating mag netism of womanhood, at its best is there. Warmth without heat, calmness and coolness with no touch of torpor or chill, self effacing devotion in strictest union with high intelli gence, masterful power, and holy dauntlessness, above all the missionary spirit, that makes men as it made Jesus, ready to give up their all to advance God’s purposes of mercy in the world, hoping for nothing again; fearlessly we assert that this is a fresh typo of human character entirely, the inchoate stage of the isangelic type, characteristic of the glorified, and essen tially the product of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. “The isangelic type ! O, are wo not setting up an extraordinarily high standard for our selves as church people and congress tnomhers ? We arc, and meant to do it; “ Sursum Corda,” brothers and sisters of this church congress, up with your hearts to-day ! O, if our congress is to be in any measure a faithful exponent to Australasia of what the Catholic Church of Christ (so far as she is represented by our ancient branch of it —that wears in its distinc tive title the name of the fairest, dearest, mightiest land yon sun has ever smiled on yet) —of what the Catholic Church, I say, thinks, hopes, purposes, and proclaims for all mankind to-day; then must its members beware of every single thing that would be unworthy of the kindred of those angels on the Heavenly stair! “My Brethren, —Like the day of God, like the Book of God, like the Christ of God —so the Church of God exists for the benison of the wide, wide world of needy, wistful, sorrowing, perishing, and yet undying man ! There is no other institution on the earth that docs. And we, who throng this fair cathedral now, are in no scant measure in trust, so far as Australasia is concerned, with her lofty interests, and fragrant name and heroic enterprises for the blessing of mankind. “God grant unto ns, then, this week, that not one misguided, petty, bitter, or ungenerous thought may stain our hearts and minds, or flavor any single word we speak ! God, fill us full with love of Jesus —of one another —and of all men! God vouchsafe to us to utter some memorable thing for Christ, and to strike some fresh and telling blow for Christ, or at least to take counsel and make preparation for the striking of it. O, that there might be hope of our achieving something towards solving that hardest but mo3t urgent of all the problems of our age, and the most im portant for the world at large—the re-union of Christians ! “If there is any truth in all I have been saying, what a splendid bnsiness it is for which we gird ourselves to-day in opening this Hobart Congress ! By all the noble history of the great communion that has gathered it, I charge every one of you to do your utmost to render this an epoch-making week ! By the touching memory of those three Australasian bishops, whose life-work it was to advance her in this region of the earth, and who, since this congress first was planned, have nestled to their honored graves, I appeal to you to do it! By the momentous bearing on the vast future of Oceania, of our church’s work at these earlier stages of its history, I bid you pray and labor all you can, that congress may boa glorious and a fruitful time ! “ I have kept you long, and must have used my great opportunity unskilfully indeed if I have failed by this time to insinuate ray special point into your mind—the thought that a one holy universal church on earth is the fair dream of our Lord Jesus, whfch Ho looks to us, as our life task, to be turning into a grand reality. “ Some partial, faint reflection of that sub lime ideal is what we have come to Hobart to get a glimpse of. And O, when we go back, and’ men ask us what we met with here, God grant that it may be possible for U3 to answer, with the smile, not of irony, but of glad and grateful and glowing recollection on our faces— ‘Heaven.opened, and angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man.’ ” 