THE WAGES OF SIN. Imagine a number of people gathered round a dinner table in London, in a fashionable quarter, at the height of the season. Imagine the long table brilliant with glass, sugared bonbons ' and orchids. t Imagine a host who has sprang from nothingand groirn into so much gold, and a hostess who has oome of a good stock and desoended into dia monds. Among a sprinkling of poli ticians and society butterflies sits a car tain Captain Power and a young heiress, beautiful as she is rich. On the man's other side is the daughter of the faonse, a pale-faced girl with the manners of a duchess, and a brain that has been crashed by the weight of gold. " I think," she says gently,<( that we must try and persuade yon to oome to as at Henley, Captain Power. We are intending to decorate the house-boat in qnite a new style." How 7" s " Oh, papa has some artist with a wonderful scheme of color," says the girl, with a puzzled expression. "I suppose it vrill be all right, however." "Ton know I am always engaged," the man commences, when the heiress breaks in,— 1 "Oh, yes, but this year yon must come. I am to be there too, and we can have snob fun." the soldier flashes. " I mast think about it," he says. ' The pale girl notes that the heiress flashed, too; and sighs. *•1 suppose," the heiress goes on, "that yon have seen Loie Poller f" ^"Tes" he answers at random, his bine eyes watching her face. " She makes a beautiful, artistic pic ture," the pale girl says. "A picture I" The colorcffects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can often . discover in a wood fire.*' "Charming F' murmurs the heiress in sweet, soft tones. ^ Captain Power seems at a-losshow to continne. The heiress notes the crest fallen appearance of (he man on her -other side, who has taken fcer into dinner, and-dings him a word or two In order to restore his appetite. In a pause in the conversation, the man that is all gold is heard announcing the fact that he has bought Lord Blank's yacht;-a young man, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly rouses himself enough to discuss Ibsen with a juvenileold lady on his eight, and in another panse makes an awkward remark on " Ghosts " The lady of the house, with some tact, drowns his voice and his stopidity by asking her neighbors if they n3l bare some burned almonds, and pass bar the olives ; while the captain, who has Commenced a pretty speech to the heiress, breaks off and looks ab Then-the trivial talk recommences. The few clever men there are—like the stall fewer clever women—crashed by the weight of gold. It surrounds them in every form; it flows to them In the voice oftheir host, and they eannot struggle against it. Their only retalia tion will be their remarks the next day to a sympathetic circle of friends. In the midst of it all the captain tells the heiress that perhaps he will go to ■ Henley, and she murmurs foolishly but Gh, don't go merely to please me. " Bat it will be a pleasure." " Ton have always refused before." " I refuse nothing now that takes me where youare." " It is sweet of yon to say that—hat then, of aonrse I—" " Sou can quite believe it—and yon know yon do believe it. That reminds me; will yon let me come and see yon to-morrow—" As she blushes and veils her eyes withrlong dark lashes, he breakB off. One of the men-servants has whispered that he Is wanted, and will he come into the hall ? Pozzled and mnch surprised, he mur murs an excuse and rises. The heiress leans serges Ins empty chair, and tells the pale-faced daughter of the house that she has persuaded the captain to come to Henley. . " How kind of you!" answers the «ther, with a glance that is anything fait kind, for the triumphant smile of the heiress is maddening. / The captain's footsteps echo on the parquet, then there is a pause and the interreningdoors are hurriedly shut. "Ashe comes into the light of the hall he stands amazed, and for one instant looks like a man in a dream. A woman gaily attired in cheap finery comes for ward and prefaces her words with a dranken laugh. ; " Thought I was dead, Jim, didn't yer?" • His face blanches. Yes," he answers sternly. . & Well, I ain't. Where do you hang out at present ?" \- " Why did yoa follow me here " Saw you drive this way and came in. Knew you used to dine here in the old days when the girl of the bouse was a mere kid. 'Spect you'd like to make up to her now, as yon thought I was oat of the way." There is a pause. The ladies are heard leaving the dining-room, bat they ascend by another staircase, and do not pass that way. Captain Power's face hardens. " What do yon want with me ?" he You're my husband, ain't yer ?" ^ | "Then I want money, and III not WORjr yon again." .. i "I most go," he speaks- with an ■fieri, u and make my excuses upstaun/i Mfrto for me outside; do«'t stay "Mind yon come! No games, or I'll kick up a fine row." " Yon can trust me. Now go. I will be with yon in ten minnteB." The heiress meets his eyes as he comes into the large drawing-room and notices nothing ; she greets Mm with a smile that is enchanting, and waits for him to join her. The daughter of the hoose rises hurriedly and as quickly resumes her seat. The captain speaks, to her mother, ^repining that he has bad news—to that fact his wMte Hps testify—and is called away. The blase of the diamonds flashes in his eyes foe a moment, and she says something politely sympathetic. He mores on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle, to when the heiress stands. "I am obliged to go away," he Bays, in a broken roice. " And not come to Henley ?" " It is quite impossible now." She is piqued. " Oh, very well. Good-by." He looks at her with a dog's eyes, foil of entreaty, bnt she tarns her prond little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near. As ha mosses the room, his very senses drilled with pun, he misses the pale daughter of the honse. Once outside in the passage, he comes face to face with her. " Yon am HI or in great tronble ?! she cries ; *' I am very sorry." He hesitates, and she goes on— " Yon needn't tell me. I can eee it in your face. I hope all will end well." "Yon am rery kind," he remarks stnpidly. " nave yon any mean— fine com mences ; bat he breaks in— " No—no Mend can help me. Yon are very kind." In a dazed way he holds oat his hand, bat she shrinks back and feigns not to notice it. He is conscious that he is wounding her, bat the heiress and her beauty have blinded him; his one wish is to escape. "It I don't see yon again," she speaks hnrriedly—" if yon need a woman's aid in any way, - remember I should be so glad—" " Yes, yes. I most go. Thank yon a thonsand times." He takes her hand, hat her small fingers slip through lis, and, without another word, she is gone. The men am preparing to join the ladies; the harass, hearing their voices, mores her seat to a sofa where there are places for two, and Captain Power descends the great staircase and passes out of the hall into the dark street; and what awaits him there V 