LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. Rife is tlic disease of which we all perish, observes a philosopher, and it may he added that the grumblers are those who compare symptoms. One poor sufferer - has left on record that life would he tolerable hut for its pleasures; Hazlitt, with his plausible irony, insinuates that life is the art of being well deceived. If so.it is ail easy art, for mo.t of us run in the 1)1 in leers of conceit. " Live without a frec.ud is death wi' a tyit- noo," according to a Scotch proverb. A nl- jmiIc' declares life a comedy to him who i litnhs. a tragedy to him who feels, and Johnson reuiets that, life, however short- is made shorter by waste of time. This sentiment awakes an echo from samplers of current literature rvt... „l, «-l,v t.hev ask. is " t lie unripe man " (to borrow a phrase from Andrew \\\ ilson) ; SO intrusive in letters? It is good to have, cheap books, but it is not good to have cheap ideas- and it is the shallow-pates who have grown so talkative in type. The first lesson of -nv real culture is suspension of opinion, perhaps the final lesson abstention from oll'ei'ing it. No one can paddle across a pond nowadays without conliding to the world how lie lias done it. Therefore, lie writes a book. Tite publisher lets him— at his own expense, and the public doesn't suffer because it has a whipping-boy. The poor taster lias his teeth set on edge by the unripe author of every genus, and intervenes to save the public from mental colic. This is his grumble, his alarming symptom of the disease from which be is doomed to perish and he says to himself, with a wry grin, " Life is not yet without a f rectal, be cause there is still a mail or two who lias not written a book." There is always the consolation of parody, the acid which effervesces the alkali of plati tude. And how many a modern Diogenes lias sought refuge in the tub of paradox ! Here i3 a little parody very much up to lllC Gin a microbe meet a microbe Cumin' through a drain, Gin a mioiohe kill a microbe, Need we theu complain V jlr Hardy's new book Line's Little Iltoxirs (Osgood Jl'Thaiue), has reached us from Messrs. Angus and Robertson. It contains eight short tales, some of which are reprints from magazines, and some colloquial sketches entitled " A Few Trusted Charac ters." Chief among the former is tliut wonderful story of the Great Exhibition of 1851 "The Fiddler of the Reels," and the second part of the volume is devoted to stories of local worthies of a NVessex village as related by the carrier, the curate, and the clerk to a returned native. Mr. Hardy is somewhat cramped in the short story, but lie is a master of episode, and has never shown himself more at home in the simple subtle ties of peasant nature than in these sketches. The Max ix Black (Cassell), by Stanley ,T. Weyman, first appeared in one of the Christmas annuals. It is an exciting tale of kidnapping, of poisoning, and of astrology, its scenes of Franco in the early part of the seventeenth century ad mirably illustrated by Will and II. M. Paget. Air Weyman continually gains ground in popular favor as an historical romancer. Ho is a barrister by profession, and something over 30 years old. He lives in the beautiful old Sliopshire town where Milton wrote "Coinus," while staying with one of the famous Sidneys, who was at the time Lord President of Wales. The castle, too, lias its memories of Hudihras, ami tiie town is niclccologically interesting for its red-brick mansions of pre-rnilwny days. Mr. Wey- man's "A Gentleman of France" is con sidered by many of the critics to be the best historical novel since Scott. It is to have a successor dealing withCardinal Richelieu and liis tunes. Of the grotesques ami fantasies col lected by Zangwil! under the title of TheKixg of se'hxokuers (Heineinanii), and adorned Willi drawings by Phil May and others, we recognise some as former favorites, notably "The Semi-sentimental Dragon." A good many of the stories are incarnations of the floating traditions of the Jewish solmorrer, who is, says the author, as unique among beggars as Israel among nations. Mancsseii Buono Barzillai Azcvedo da Costa, .King of Schnorrors, truly deserves his title of " the zreat.' for the cheek of this first beggar in Europe i3 simply sovereign. Ax Unsatis factory Lover (F. V. White) is another of Mrs. Hungcrford's bright little books, full of guielv ami love-making, a style of story easy and pleasant to follow, for it makes no mental demand upon the laziest reader. Sinilovsky is a popular Bohemian writer, excelling in the delineation of charac ter. He is not yet much known to English readers, but the Modern Library Series now gives us Heavens ! a fresh and charming story of a lovable old priest, translated from the Greek by Pro fessor AT E. L. Tane Monrck. Alice Spinner, writing from Santa Anna, in the West Indies, has contributed to the Pseudonym Library a collection of sketches of West Indian life, called A Study in Color. The central dear actor, Justiua, a Sambo girl, is nurse to tiie writer's child, a situation afford ing opportunities to study a typical native of Croolia— her superstitions, her ethics, and her ambition " to improve her color," as a local phrase goes. Mrs. Spinner hits woven a singularly interesting story from these picturesque materials, ami we shall be glad to have more work, as well carried out, on tuesc novel lines. The next volume in this well-purveyed series will bo The Hon. Ktanuhhy and Others. Mr. Rudyard Kipling is on a visit to the Bahamas, after which lie is expected in England. His new poem, The Rhyme of tee Tree Thomas, on the subject of the ecu ferring of titles on literary men, is to appear in Jerome's periodical, To- day. Mr- Luck wood Kipling is illustrating his son's new volume of ' Beast ' stories, The Jexhi.e Book. Dr. Coinin Duylc was still at Davos 1-lalz when the mail left. His new novel nowalmo.it completed, will lie called The St.uu; Munro Letters. He is also gather ing up and re-touching a number of his medical stories, some of which have run serially in tiie Idler. David Christie Murray is turning Ids attention to a series of detective stories for the Woman at Home, and it is hinted they will be on tile lines of Sherlock Holmes. I hose who know "A Dangerous Cats- paw," by the Murray brothers, wiil re. cognise the novelist's qualifications for such a task. Cliatto and Wimliis announce Jack Boyi.k's Dai'ihiter, by P.. E. Francillon ; also Murk Twain's Tom , Sawyer Auroad, which lias been running in St. Jfirho/as. The Queen has accepted a copy of t ho Rev. A. S. M. Chester's new illustrated fairy story for children, Ui tiie Chimney to Ninny Land. Air. G. Henty's ad vcuture-liook A Hut in the Besii has been re-named A De.-i i.i;ate Gang : a. Story of the Australian Bush. The Evolution of Woman : an In quiry into the Dogma of her Inferiority to Man, is the stimulating tille of a work by Eliza Burt Gamble now issuing from the press of Putnam's Sons. Lady Ariulet Greville lias ready for publi cation a volume of Love Stories. Jlr. and Mrs. Sidney Webb have been closely engaged for tlireo years on a History ok I Rape-union ism, a work promising to be of special interest, which Longmans lias almost, ready. The new novel by Joseph Blockings is named The Monk of AIarsaua. Mrs. K. SI Lush Clark, the author of " A Southern Cross Fairy Tale," is also to issue Peuse- 1h0ne and Other Poems. Air. Clement Scott s account of liis journey round tiie world is to be styled Pictures of the Would. Tin: Ghosts of the Guard- Room, a military tale, gives the title to Annabel Gray's new volume of stories. Air. W.II. Wilkins, author, under the pseudu. nym of W. II. do Winton, of "St. Michael's l'.ve,' has collaborated with Mr. Herbert I Avian in The Green Bay Trek, a novel. Among interesting works nom in the hands of Walter Scott for early publication aro Man and Woman, a detailed examination of the physical and mental characteristics of the two, and a comparison of them, by Have- lock Ellis ; Apparitions and Thought Transference, by Mr. Podman, of the jpBychieal Research Society; The Evolu- tion of Modern Capitalism, by J. A; Hobson, who li iA3 written the subject up to date and elucidates it witli diagrams ; a work on Comparative Psychology, and one on The Origin of Human Inventions are also promised. " Aloira O'Neill," one of the most promis ing young Irish writers, is Aliss Nesta Hig- ginson. Her parents are both Irish, of county Antrim families, and she is the third of seven children. It is the custom of their house, says the Bookman, that the brothers serve the Queen and the sisters keep the home, and this tradition remains unbroken in tile present generation. Born in Mauritius, Alias Higginson spent her childhood in tile glens of Antrim, then was takeii by her parents to live four years in Italy. At this time iter ambition ' was to be an artist, and alio worked in different studios in Rome, Florence, and Venice. She is also an excellent linguist, but has more interest in English ami Italian litera ture than in any other, Shakespeare and Dante fascinating her above all other poets. At home again in Ireland " Aloira O'Neill " began to write stories as if under tlio pres sure of some necessity to translate into language her impressions of life. "Born on Hallow E'en," her first bit of work, wis sent to Blackwood's Magazine. Mr. Blackwood wrote the unknown author a letter of warm encouragement, and she responded with "Sea Wraek," some beautiful verses in the Antrim dialect. Law rence ami Builen published last year "An Easter Vacation," a one-volume novel, of which the material was supplied by some incidents in an English watering- place ; and tiie same firm is about to issue Ax Elf Errant, described us an Irish fairy tale of a novel kind. Miss Higginson spends every winter at Torquay with her family. The rest of the year she works out of doors vitil her sister (an artist) in the glens or on the seashore of her picturesque comity. Much of tiie freshness of her studies, whether story, poetry, or legend, may lie attributed to this habit of writing in the open air amidst beautiful surroundings. The Literary World lias a review of that muoli-talked of but not-yet-to-liand novel, A Y kllow Aster, by Iota (Airs. Manning- ton Cailyn, of Melbourne). Gwen Waring, the heroine, has the misfortune to be the child of hyper-scientific parents. She grows up in an atmosphere of study, and is taught everything except religion and affection. Gwen grows up into a fearless and superb young woman, but curiously devoid of heart, although witli a hankering after affection. Her lovers have a bad time of it, but at last one comes along bold enough to murrv her1 in spite of her "limitations." The further1 development of her character, a strong and striking one, under new conditions is com plicated by the awakening in her mother's heart of the long- dormant maternal instinct, which causes Airs. Waring to make overtures of restitution which puzzle and embarrrass her daughter. " The moral of the book ap pears to be," says the reviewer, "that the yellow aster, like the black tulip, tli e blue chrysanthemum, 'and the green ear- nation, is more to be desired in the search than in the attainment, and that the 'crea ture not too bright or good for linman nature's daily food' is preferable, for the present state of existence, to t lie severely cultured being who regards 'love, kisses, tears and smiles ' as an impenetrable mystery. This will bo readily admitted by the sense and feeling of the reading popu lation, to whom Iota lias given n still better lesson inadvertently— namely, that it is possible for one pair of eyes to see the standpoints of divorse characters and dispositions, and by means of sympathetic understanding to harmonise them effectually. Not intellect alone, and not love alone, makes the complete man or woman. As the old proverb, shaky in its grammar but sound in its philosophy, quaintly and con cisely puts it, 'Baith is best.' " The latest of Sir William Hunter's admir able Rulers of India volumes deals with Sir Thotnas Munro, who reached Aludras us a military, cadet in 1780, and died there as Governor in 1827. During these years the history of Madras was one of wars, cession of territory to the British, and settlement of now districts. Sir Thomas Alunro took a very large share both as a soldier and a civil administrator in these stirring scenes, and liis career is well outlined in this volume, the author of which is tiie late Dr. Brailsliaw, inspector of schools, Aladras. 