Two-tailed . A Fanciful L Timothy was a lizard with two - tails. They had the appearance of a fork ; and, because no other lizards who lived along the castle wall could boast of more than one tail, Timothy was exceedingly proud of himself. He could not run any faster than his com panions, or catch flies in a more elegant - way, but because of his tails he gave himself Buoh airs that really it was almost past endur&uce.; The lizards who lived in the ivy on the wall grew tired of Two-tailed Timothy. As a curiosity he was all very well, and stuffed and put in a museum he would have been delight ful; but as it was they found Timothy, with his airs and graces, rather too. much for their nerves. One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a birthday party on the sunny side of th8 wall, and everybody who was in society went to it, including Timothy. At this party the lizards, nimble as they were, got caught ; about half-a- dozen escaped, but the rest were cap-.ured in a net by two English boys who had been prowling about the old wall for some time. Some of the lizards were so frightened that their tails dropped off. The boys . examined their unfortunate cap tives, and one of them cried with astonish ment: "Look at that fellow, Jack; why, if he hasn't got two tails ! We'll keep .him, won't we?" - " So he has !" exclaimed the other boy ; " that's a queer thing ! And look here, Fred, this one's a fine one ; let's keep the two and throw the others away. " " All right," said J ack ; and away went the rest of the lizards, some with tails and some without, but all delighted to get off any how. Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put iu a kind of cage which the boys constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves. The Patriarch wept because he felt that it was hard, at his time of life, to be caught by a couple of boys ; and Timothy pined, for the joys of liberty, the sunny wall, and the juicy flies that were no longer within reach of a snap. Alas ! his tails had been his undoing. Without them he might have passed unnoticed,- and been again a free and happy lizard. The Patriarch was fond of lecturing young people, and telling them what he did at their age, but, as the juvenile lizards could run faster than he could, it was not often that he could make them attend to him, But now there was Timothy ait hand, and the wretched Timothy could not escape. The Patriarchtalked and talked to Buch pur pose that at the end of two days Timothy was positively limp, without energy enough left to snap up a fly. The hoys said he was sulky, and. tried to make him lively by poking him with bits of stick, which did aof, however, have the desired effect. Timothy sat all day long in a corner of the ' cage, and even biseherished tails ceased to give him the slightest pleasure. At last toe Patriarch, who had been poking about the premises by.vgiy of amusing himself, took pity upon his dejected fello w-sufferer. He went briskly up to him as he sat in his corner and gave him a good thump. " You ought to be ashamed to tit moping there, a young fellow like you !" cried the old gentleman. Getaway!" said Timothy sulkily. " You ought to be ashamed of yourself," pro- eeded the Patriarch, " when there is a hole at the back of the cage that a thin lizard— mark me a thin slender lizard— might crawl through ata pinch." " What !" cried Timothy, springing un. " a hole? Did you say a hole ?" " I did mention toe word hole," replied the Patriarch, marching off it is a hole that's of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will rive it to you. You can get through, unless those ridiculous tails stop you." . Timothy's heart fell when he discovered how extremely small was the hole in question ; yet a desperate longing for liberty took possession of him. He went to his companion and told his difficulty ; his tails were in toe way, " Bite them off, then!" returned toe Patri arch, with cruel calmness. Timothy shivered ; never could he adopt such a terrible remedy, and he timidly asked whether e there were no other way. I "Well, there is one other) method," ad- mitted toe Patriarch. " Supposing you owdd be well frightened, your perhaps both —might drop off. You what happened to our friends the day we were caught?1' . ; . v. Yes, Timothy, with a thrill of remem bered toe louse, wriggling tail s; and he sac down meekly by the Patriarch, and asked nun to be so good as to frighten bim well. " I don't mind trying," answered the latter, kindly ; and he began to relate the most sta ling tales he could think of, while Timothy tried as hard as he could to be frightened. The Patriarch talked and talked, but toe lizard's tails showed no signs of alarm ; they were most hardened, obstinate tails . Ihen tne dusk fell, and the Patriarch took to ghost stories. - HiB voice got lower aud lower, and drowsier, aud drowsier, toe old gentleman seemed dropping oft to sleep. _ \- A«d so, toe four- and -t wenty white -sheeted figures went one by one out of the bare, 'he mutobled; " and the lastone— turned— round— and— said— Bo!'.' ... , - This the Patriarch positively shouted, making a "sudden spring at Timothy with gleaming -eyes. The young lizard was so taken by sur prise' that he jumped 'up in the air, and, joy, joy! his tails dropped off ! "Ah!" said his companion, "I '-bought l should manage to frighten you somshow. Now be off, my young friend, and mind you recol lect all the good advice I have given you. ' Timothy scampered to the hole, squeezed himself through ; then away he went, a free, though taillsBs, lizard. Iu course of time his tails grew' again, and even longer and more elegantly taper than before ; whereat Timothy rejoiced exceedingly, but was kept humble by the remembrance of his former calamity. He lived to a good oldT age, aud was always re- carded by everybody as one of the curiosities of the neighborhood.— -SHSU.A,. in "Little Folks. 