WESLEYAN HOME MISSIONS- Special services in connection with this branch of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Victoria were conducted at the Kyneton <J"uOi uu Sunday loot. liy 1.1 le 3it)V E, G. Bickford, the general secretary. The reverend gentleman is well known and popular, and large congregations were a matter of course. The usual public meeting announced for last night having been postponed out of consideration for the mission tieing conducted under the auspices of the Total Abstinence Society, the Bev Mr Bickford, at the morning service, gave a brief description of the work carried on by the five branches of the home mission agency—bosh missions, city missions, child rescue, colportenrage and travelling gelists. The Bey Mr Bickford took the passage " Beginning at Jerusalem " as ' a peg whereon to hang his narrative " as the Methodist theory was home first, and then the nations beyond. Of course other sections of the Christian church have home mission work on various lines, but the Bev Mr Bickford'e address was to Wesleynns on behalf of their own society, and the information he afforded indicated that there is in this colony abundant work for all the churches. Touching on the bnsh work, instances were given showing that there were large districts saved wholly by Wesleyan agencies, and which without them would be left altogether without the benefits of religions instruction and oversight ; whilst excellent results had followed the labours of the bush missionaries, who could not be em' ployed but for the Home Missionary Society. Passing on to the city mission section the work ot the Bible women was illustrated from the quarterly report of one engaged at a salary of .£60 per annum. During the quarter she had paid 910 visits to the sick poor; and those visits included scrubbing, cleaning, and offices demanding personal labour and absorbing time. This Biblewoman had supplied during the quarter 1117 meals to starring families, and she had been able to do that by the kindness of restaurant keepers, who gave the broken food remaining from the previous day on condition that it was removed before 7 am. each day. She was not required to bea;in her duties till after dinner each day, but she with some friends made regularly early morning calls, in order to secure food for those who otherwise would be starving. The work of the Central Mission, conducted by the Bev A. E. Edgar, waa nest touched upon, after which the work of child rescue was illustrated, showing how children of tender years are taken from vile dens in tie exercise of powers conferred by the Governor- in-Council, and given a chance to lead respectable lives; The colporteurs HCIC owpiuyeu in selling wholesome literature in bush district*, and were required to act as undenominational evangelists. The best results had followed the operations of this agency. It was explained that these multiplied agencies were conducted only at consideraable expense—4!4000 per annum. More than half the revenue came from bequests, but one penny per montb from each Wesleyan member and adherent would provide more funds than were re quired at present. But, said Mr Bickford, more important was the baptism of the Holy Ghost, for then all the men and all the money required would readily be available. In the afternoon the Bev Mr Bickford related bis observations and experiences in southern China, and in the evening he conducted the usual service. 