Stray Shots- Sisns of tho times— Three bails. A BAsx-sau. game— Fawnbroking. Bobithino you san't ue through— A glass eyo, When a train ttloraopei tho passengers sea stars. An awful bora — The gimlet. Makiso men y fast— Tying it op in rani estate. Quiet method to aoquiro short-hand— Fool witn a buzz-saw. Tun man who holds t oat neei carries things with a high hand. It doesn't hart n minionary to bo shot in bietrnats. A iiiTiEE of soma weight— Propoeing te n 200-pound widow. No matter bow good a man may be, when he ships aa a seaman he gets into a mass. SrnxflM is silvan, silonee is golden, giggling 1 is brazen, and laughter is often ironiool. EirLonzn Sxawlsi seems to ba a good den! like a woman's poekot. .Hard to find. A UDBTiEB-rLiaiEE is Tory Bympathotio, When a oan't do anything also for yon il druwe yonr attention. An author, ridiculing tho idea of ghosts, asko how a doud tnnn oan gel into a looked room. Easy enough. With a skeleton key, A man was so badly frightened tho othoE day tbat oven hiu pantaloons beoomo frayed. When a man btcomoc tbe father ot a baby he is delighted. When hs beoomoe ths father of twins he looks gravo and mutters, "Gemini!" " Yodnu man," said the stern parent to ths applicant for the daughter'e hand, " axe yon eure you ean support a family?" < j — x wasn't making any calculations on that," stammered the young man. I -only want tha girl, you know," It Captured tbo Widov. He gazed around the cheerful and oom- fortcbls looking apartment, then addressing tho widow, ho eaid : . ' "Your husband's been dead over a year now?" " Yes," aha answered, with a algh over a yesr." "Iromembor reading bla obituary, ""hs oaid, "and I' thought it conteinod'tumie- uUtament of facts." " A misasatamoot of foots f" "Yce, it said ho had gona to a better hbme, In my opinion, it would be impossible los him to find a more ahoerful, more com. fortable, and, wieh you iu it, a more charming and dosirabla home than this," Tho widow unified sweetly, then ha wag aseeptod. It Had Jlcon tho Rounds- - Mina Olnra : " Ie that a now ring youthbvg on, Ethel? It Btrikeu mo I have seen it bs- for«." Mies Ethel (blushing) : "Yen, Olarat young Mr. I'aperwato prosentod it to malnil night. 1 have aoceptod him." Mies Glare: "Oh, iudeodl I'm so glad) Accept ray heat wishes, lihoaght thekrinO ' looked atrangely familiar." Oao or Mora Than Six Efas&refr;'. A1 : Were yoa el Balaelnra mayi R.k ftt Tailor: Lardno. Why t" At ; too ebuvM is magstfltenilp! ; 