An Australian thlost Tnonae a comparatively young ocountry, Australia is old in ghostly legendary lore, and many and strange are the tales of eppa ritions which have come to us from the land of gold. ]tisher's ghost, which created so great an exoitement in Sydney and its vicinity, is too well known to recquio more than a passing allusion, whilst Henry Kingsley, in his 'Recollcotions of Geoffrey Hamlyn,' has given us little bits of ghostloro which make us long for a further supply.. The black fellows, too, when they can be got to talk, have wild and weird tales to nar rate of the supernatural denizens of the sorub, and the mysterious bunyip which resides in the waterholes, and is the more dreaded because human eye hss never caught eight of his form. Yes, prosaic as people may consider Australia, it is, after all, aland of romance. Even its horrors of clime are different from the out.throats of the older oontinents, and the atrooities of Sehinder hanneo pale before the fiendish outrages of Michael Howo, whilst Dick Turpin's ride to York is not more wonderful than the fate of the iron-olad Kelly. So many persons wit nessed the apparition, the tale of which we are about to give to our edadors, that no room is left for doubt of any description, and with this brief prelude we may as well plunge into our story without further delay. Windsor and Richmond stand on opposite sides of the valley down which the river Hawkesbury flows, which is spanned by a bridge where the highroad which connects the two towns runs down to the banks of the stream. Some fourmilesup the river, on the' Richmond side, was the farm of a man named Morgan, who was not held in any groeat estimation by his neighbours. Not that any definite charge could be brought against him, for he neither drank, gambled, or in any way made himself objection able; but for all that, there was a something about him which in spired a feeling of inexpressible re pugnance; and so it happened that-he was shunned by his neighbours, and but few of tho botter sort ever crossed the threshold of his dwelling. In spito, however, of this feeling, Morgau was not absolutely out, and when the inhabi tants of either Windsor or Richmond met him on the road, the usual forms of salutation were gone through. One bright summer morning in November, as a Mr. Marker and his wile were driving from Windsorto Richmond, they met Morgan, seated in his shabby old buggy,.drawn by a Sraking chestnnt horse with a white blaze down his face, which was as well known in the nolighbourhood as Morgan himself. ' 'Morning. Mr. Marker,' said the farmer, as the two vehiolos came alongside of each other. 'Good.morning, Mr. Morgan.' was thebo response. ' A fline day, is it not'r' ' Yes,' answerl4 Morgan, 'a preeious deal too fine a day .for a man to commit such a foolish aot as I am on my way to do.' ' Why, you have not the credit of acting unwisely as a rule,' returned Ldarker, who, in spite of his repuguance, seemed impelled by some mysterious power to converse with the men. - 'Woll,' answered Morgan, as a naturnino grin passed ovorhis dark features, 'I derosay some people would congratulato me, and say 1hat I was doing the right thing; but. t> makeo a long story short, .. am goisg to bring my wife home.' 'Your wife,' repeated lMrs Marlrer, in the utmost surprise; 's re you going to be mar rined, Mr. Morgan P' 'Thero you arte,' returned the farmer; 'trust a weomant for ,linost going off her head when marriage is menoioned; but you haven't got Ihold of the right pig by the ear this time-I've booeen a mer:d man these 17 yeors and more.' 'Seventooeenr years !' oxclainmed Mr. Marlier. 'Whyv, yoll have boon i) years oas your farm, and I've eever seen asign of a wife belongintg t you.' You see,' answered Morgasn, wilh a sneer, 'you don't often eoudoesnond to favour ume with a visit, but for all that, you nro right. Two yostrs after we had got hitched, the thasise and I angred to differ and separnto, preooious neaonrly the only thing we over did agree arout. At any rateo, we hrave kept it up until now, when she is cominsg back to 'Woll, it all seems very strange,' answered Mrs. ]Markor, ' to come togother after so long an intervtl. How did It happen ?' Peshhaps softer feelings flowed In,' roplied Morgan with hela'hbitult sneer, 'like we red of in the story hooks, or perhanps it; was owiug to Mrd.'. eo minr l liUte ptesseieon of a bit of monoy--sost likely the latter ' , Well, good morninsg,' broklo isn Mathor, a little tnnoJ ed ast thouran's tatnncr. ' I wish you luck in your now start in the matlrnoall line,' SCan nfiorgn beo.spseaklng the truth P' naseed Mre,. Markelr, wlhu the two vwhlolcs wore a little distanoe apart, I am sur I .don't know,' returned her husband; ' all I know is that I pity Mrs. Morgan from the bottom of .sly heret, Fanny a woman with moneoy of lher own going to live with such a brute, whou shei was once free of him;' 'Porlhaps she loved 'him,' otberved Mrs. Maerker, scntiumentelly, 'Love eush a fellow:P' Pahl I the idea makels m elsclk,' nawerod hier husband, whtppineg up his Itrso, 'But whatnoFr may bn the reoson, evil will come of it, Per. Irps, howover, after aill, Morgan was lying,' he aiddod, and this aftorlthought npplored to give ltim.considerable satlsftatton., In this oesc, h sooer, Morglen had told the truth, and in a few days he and his sifo, a buxomlashling wolnrtt of six.nsdforly, wore to bo soon drlvig to martiat Illud els.e whore it the shabby.looolug hbuiggy drawn by the big uobostut horse, Morgan, howver, was ino mor eompanion able thanU rte had boeta, eand Mrs, fMorgaun was not ths kitnd of wonan to invite sympathy, Eluntor asserted that she drankl hard, and that soutnds oro hoard from the fstrmhouse oooupied by the Morgans, as if Sviolent quarrols wcere tiakting phloo. MorgaiI's fetce, hIIVOeve', was inlaorttabln, and he msade no sdliulot to domestic dill. oultaian of acy kind, The valloy between Rilohmond asid Wisd. .sor was frequitsaly inundated by the rising of thie siyer, arnd soulne aonths after the ro turn of Mrs. Mors'an one of those floods took plaooe. Tlhough the forre of water was lnot srltlollunt to teatr away the bridge, yet it damnageod one of thie piers, a portoIn of whlkh wits dislodged, loavihg a grfng fihAsure. Flindlng, however, that toi tbiedo till rlnaind fir, rm, the local authorli "got Wth thatsesort of hapipy*.gs'holuy tmrude of acting which dlotisiguishr's corporate bodies is'.tho Antipodes, adjourncd the lopalrs sittll at returo dsiay, artld tlse iridgo conltinulOed to be useod as freely es before, Trlo dcsatr'ctlon, however, onused bIy the flotld was asoon mrged it a frioesh eossatirtmn, for Maotetn W~var now soon drlvilg about alone In hli ht ssggy, and the rIbiurisnd facrr if Mrs. Meorgiu wasuI eoomptns ous by its ahLiIonor. .;At first no oneo thought of qunostihning lhe attly farner, buit after it time ourlonity lver' eason projlndlcre, esid rL Mri, 1[rl'keOr, mseootiig hin one c?ray on thie way to Inareltet, boldly atttempted to solve tis vexed rcaitiostso. Is laer,. lMorgan ill that w ee noo rthllg of h01' now P' atsriked shel, ' Ill It how shouald Ianow whether lshe il ill oar well ?' anstwerod h Iritllsly. ,.Not liknow whether your wife is 11i or well I' ropoeiterd Mrs. MarkeIkor, in eaosents of lltifound iatolhmllnest. 'No,' reltorterl hIeo 'is there attheinf Wontlorftl in at mart inot knowig swiat. is goingll on ss?mowhero else P' ' I don't understsad Syol,' slmntnonaruer Mrs. Marker, ( I don't seoo thnb there is ally nuad for yotu to do so e'1.lppad hDm, but if you wnlut thu wholoe tuth, hero it is: the jade has left mo again. .: 'Loft you; and, pray,-whin did she do so ?' demanded Mrs. Marker, more interested than over. 'Oh, abouta fortnight or three weeks ago,' answered he. ' That is impossible," remarked the lady, decisively, ' for the floods were out, and no living soul could have left the valley.' 'What do you mean by talking to me abdut living souls ?' growled the man, savagely. ' I don't charge my memory with facts about a worthless woman, and I can't see what people want to go ferreting out information which does not concern them.' and with those words he applied the whip vigorously to the chestnut, and in a very brief period was out of sight. Mrs. Muarker lostno time in 'disseminating the startling intelli gence of the second separation between man and wife, and many guesses were hazarded as to the cause of the flight of Mrs. Morgan. By degrees, however, it began to be remembered that the floods were out at the time of the disappearance, and that no one had seen the departure of the wife-nay, more, no one had seot eyes upon her for some time before. At last the talk becamo so loud, and the suspicions of foul play rose to such a magni tude, that the, police officials thought it necessary to take the matter up, and accord ingly a domiciliary visit was paid to the farm of the deserted husband. He received the troopers with his usual sullen demeanour, but offered no opposition to their researches. He lit his pipe, and throwing ,himself into a .ohair, told them they might search overynook and corner of the house. 'Butmind,' he added, 'if you do any damage, I shall hold you respon sible, and you and my lawyer will have to settle the mnatter.' The police availed themselves of the charily granted per'iseion, and prbceeded with their porquieitions. The missing woman was certainly not im mured in any part of the house, a fact eon corning which there had been very strog suspicions; but, on the other hand, trunks marced with her initials, a large stock of wearing apparol, and various eseontially feminine articles were discovered. After a long and weacisome s8earoh, the police returned to the room where the master of the house was sti.1 seated, lazily watching the wreaths of smoke as they ourled up to the ceihng from the bowl of his pipe. 'Well,' said he, with -his habitual sneer, 'have you found the old woman ? ' 'I want to know how it is that Mrs. Morgan, when she went away, left all her clothes and belongings behind her ? ' answered the ofilcer. 'l7o you really now?' rotorted Morgan. 'It strikes me that you want to know a great deal mote than I am going to tall you.' Lookl hero, Morgan,' remarked the oficial, -'it will be better for you in the cud to make a clean breast of it, I can assure you.' Morgan started from his seat. and dashed his pipe fieroely upon the ground. ' How dare you speak to me like that ?' oriod he, with a volley of oaths, 'AAm I to consider mysolf in custody ?' 'Why, you know well enough that you are not.' returned the oflicer. 'Then get out of my house, or I will have you indicted for trespassing,' shouted the angry man, as he flung open the door, and motioned to the troopers to leave the house. There was no help for it. Nothiug had been found which would cause suspiolon, and the orestfallen police had to do as they were ordered, and leave Morgan to his own devices. And now a chango came over the farmner, and from a temperate man he became a froe quonter of 'bars and liquor shops. Day atfter any ha was to be found in one or other of those places, indulging freely: and had net the old chestnut been one of the most sedate of animals, and taken cutteors into his own hands when heo found his master incapable of directing his movemonts, Morgan must Jortaiily have broken his ndok after some of his debauches. It was noticed, however, that thire was a certain amount of method in Morgan's nloo holio madnoes. Ie nov, r remained out after dark, or if he did so, and had to cross the bridge on his return home, he would mnako arraitgemonts for sleoeping whero he was, and not miake a start until the next morning. By degrees, the gossip relating to the disappear aneu of Mrs. Morgan died away, and fresh topice cropped up, whioch ifforded food fr eonversation. One ovening Mr. and Mrs. Maarlkoer had boon ontortainlng a party of frioends, some half-dozen in number,- and, as it wits a lovely night, agreed to walk with them as far as the brldgeo,on their wiy home. The moon, s has boeou said, was a very brilliant one, and objects were discernible by its light at a great distance. As the norry party neared the bridge, laughing and jokling, they eaught sight of what appeared to be a female figure sitting on or resting against the rail of tho boidgo. SWoidoriig who it could be who had soleoled the bridge rail for a seat at that houre of nlght, the little party moved qutetly for. ward, when, as tlhey goe.abreastof the figure, i siiddeoly vanished. #earooly believing their eyes, they moved forward a few paces, when, on lookling round, they perceivod the figure in the same position whloh it had occupied before. tuveral of the ladies shrloked and gave signs of fainting, ald Mr, Marker anid a friend, mustrlu lng up courage, wulkcd up to the figureo. As they neared it Markor hurled a heavy stick heo cnarrlod full st it, The missilo went clean through the figure, and fell withl a dull splaseh filto the stream below, and at the same t.lmo his companlon oalled out, 'Great heavens, it is Mrs, Morgan.' iHairdly had the words escaped his lips, than the swift olatter of ai horse's foot was heard, and theo rolling of wheels, as if some vehilole was being dlrivon at a furious rate, It another moment a Ibuggy appeared, drawvn by i chetlnut horse, and staslldg tup Ian it was Morgan, sand wilthl drink, asd lashitng hi hori o b i lJosly. The great chest nut wils white with foam, its ears were laid back on its head, atnd its oyoballs wore tl. mlost starting out of its head is if with terror. lighit and left the little party scattered to' avold tho flurioatu rlsh of ithe drurslan drlver, and they 'dlid so,' tloy all distinolly saw a white figuro stuuding ftlU in the path of the half'maddoened animal, It was all over in a minuto, The chalesnut, with a shrill notih of terror, swerved half rosnd, and dtshfisl the buggy Pagrist the rails, sprng over thom For a instant thie nhasppy animal remained suspondod over the water, tthen withl a crash and a harshreudintl g sound, wood antd loather gave way, and it felol into tlie roiver strllhing heavily ngauttat one ot the projudattg buttresces of the ,ridga no it did so, 'Theo peoeltora of lisl tertIblo sonee stood sglcrut, watovblhit the whilo figure, whcIhs for an instant bett over Ithe rtitts of the btgsgr3y nld thln vatllued sos msyntoriusly ns it hadd done before, No hltnatn stid nould avail Morgl1ts 'hln s neck was brolen, lsd wihen hie was riseod fatem thoegrotund ihe was ilte denad, Next mortnl?g thore was quito a crowd of visitors to InHpoet the socttu of thie trnsgodyv and then for the lust tieo a seoarch was ntmaco for Iho hiorsn, ifMen in boats wlth long isoloes began sound. itg thie river, tanl ast length tlhe oeronaa of the drrowltd anialt was dlnucovered, having boon snoelsd by the oerttrnt into the iissure in the danmlgodt buttriess, Otto of the spootatort, a youllg man who Imld obttlhiscod alnaso rceown sIt u wlnmoer vyohstoutsrcdi to dicuv, 1sad filtnetn us rope rould, tho ilmsnll, uiy wlllh It,0tllil be clutlcd up tct Ito H lssasoo, Aftor at rather prltraotted abanonoo' bolanoutth I is watlori, tus els i ip to the ls urfacoe, atad wll I I i f tiso pl t wll s agitslo. mllrnttrs.sal, I Srno Got the repo rolllld solenthln i fotir Heaven's salkeo, help me into the boat, for I feool deadly sick.' As soon as this had been done, a dozen willing hands strained at theo rope, when, in stead of the body of the ohestnut, the hideously decomposed corpso of Mrs. Morgan appeared on the surfaco of the water. A universal cry of horror rang out from the bridge, and from both banks of the river, as the torrible truth was made manifest; aond as soon as possiblu the romains of the mur= dered woman were removed to the mortuaroy of the hospital at Richmond. Murdered she had assuredly been, for round her neook was tightly twisted a silk handkerchief, which bore her husband's name, and had certainly been the moans of causing her death. It was supposed that Morgan had stranglod his wife during the floods for the sake of the money she possessed, and had then thrown the body into the river in the hope that it might be borno far'away, but the force of the waters had jammed it into the fissure, and Provldonco had permitted tho spirit of the murdered woman to appear upon the spot ?·. nmath which her body was lying. The surprising spiritual manifestation was a good deal talked of at the time, and for many moDths afterwards the inhabitants of both Windsor and Richmond were oxcessively shy of crossing the bridge, especially upon a moonlight night, any time about Chtistmas tide. 