The Deluge. Bj Hey. J. H'odkbtso.v, Glisgow. Text: Geaeab'TU.21, aad GeaeeisTiii. 1— 23. You notice there comes again and Spain into the | narrative the phrase. " And the waters pre vailed," "And tho •waters prevailed." Did yo- 1 of the Most High. The floods were mnrshalled L the Add by God Himself, and they had to pre Tho chivalry of the Scottish nation had been hewn downfikc corn bc!orothe2cythe,andyet the English commander was doubtfol after ah, after thonalionhadbecn annihilated, whether ho had won tho battle or not. Randolph Murray came strrowtnlly back to Edinburgh, and Wc hear nae mair liltin' . t r cwe-milbin', Women and bairns gang dowie an Sighing and moaning.on ilka greci So mlphtv had been tho opposing Scottish force ' that the 'English leader was doubtfnl. and won dered if the miserable rerouaat by the hUls'de I vonder might not form into lino and attack again. • But they say tho battle was won by the English. And in the battle of Trafalgar, how long w«s the uncertainty nod ru«pcusc, as tho cannon rattled, as they belched forth those broadsides which I the French and British galleys poured into < another. It was not until after hours of c tending that the French flag, the tricolour, ■ banled down; but we are never in doubt, about \- God's contests. When lie makes bare His a e expect in a moment to read. "lie prevailed." Tho waters irevaUcd because they were God's army. Mighty men were there with strong. brawny arms, who stripped and bnlFetcd the waters. Men with brows of brass, fcariogncitfcer God nor man. committed themselves to the sea and eaid, "Let the lightnings flash: Let the thundersroll! Let the waves come, we are strong and young and ablo to contendhut "the waters prevailed." Higher and higher, and higher until self to the floods with a cry of despair. The | waters rise over him and as they meet over head we hear his last gnrgUnrj « waters prevailed becaw , They were his army. Say, Have yen. an arm like God, To assad Him or oppose' Fear you not the iron rod. "With which He smites His fees' . I tell von, you cannot fight with God. The old I our contending feet to measure arms with God. Do yon think yon will try it! Do you think j • you will strip your coat, roll up your sleeves, and ; meet GodT Yon can't do it. "Oh the calm "ness of His strength." "Oh the mighty better have God as a friend than as a foe. Hcl. sure to prevail. Sometimes a firm breaks down | in its contracts. The contract was a big one. j They "gave the estimates, ic.^m the usual, wa^. j Their offer was accepted, and they set to • but unforeseen difficuJ ties met them. Instead of there being in the tunnelling soft yieldablc clay. , they came upon 8 bed of i"?k, upon which they had not counted. They had not expected that, and so were not able to go in for toe scientific • boring. They gave up, they failed to fulfil their 1 contract.. But I tell yon when God undertakes a .contract. He never fails. He will carry it -out nothing wanting, not an item, not a bolt, not a girder, not a pin mark in the great contract of judgment. He is able to fulfil it. I think I bad better get in with i • Him. I think I had better get that arm on my side than have it against mc. There was an Indian chict, who, at the time of the mutiny, , when thoughts of rebellion were simmering their hearts, visited London, hiding for the time his mutinous designs. John, the coachman, was directed to drive mm from the centre of Britain's great capital into the country. He took up the I *—L- 'T --■* -- they galloped, .on! Houses, house?, houses! Streets, streets, streets! On still, and tho flecks of foam are cover tog the horses' bridles, and the strong chargers s beginning to fafl, and yet they are still j . miles from the country, from the green trees a.... the grassy fields. He had had enouah of it. He -fMd. "Stop, we had better go back." That Indian chief at the time of the rebellion was found on the British side. It. was that this mighty capital, this colossal city, belonged to this I country, and these were bui an evidence- of the might of this nation. It was but a small token of | the strength of our army and navy, of the i of thisrealm. would rather put himself uu , aide with which was the power of Loudon and I Great Britain, than be among licr opposcrs. So ! put the spurs into the flanks of your imagination. and drive to the spot where Gad is not. Imagination cannot take yon fc-» where God L not. Up in the heavens beyond the sun! Down into hell! or, into the depths of the sea! O ad i 1 very where; you had better give it up. Toucan lot drive from - , jefore that Power r< You are hostile. Y You are hostile. You have a mighty enmity L your heart against God. Turn! Get into I favour with this Power. Rather be for Eua than against Him. There is no contending with God. We had better settle it, that we ar *0 Iwe. God is too many. "The waters pre vyflcd," says the Holy Ghost. Ay, and when they write about the other flood, the great conflagration that is to wrap the earth in it* red flamea^heyvnli say, "The fire prevailed." Bcfer be for Him than against Him. I am for God. and tarn for where the certain victory is. On God's aide, in Christ. What opposition docs a palace of glass give to a cannon-ball shot from the yawning mouth of that cannon ! How long does it take to shiver into pieces the whole edifice I It is not as longf between the firing of God's purpose of judgment and tho shivering and shattering of burled against it! God's judg ment will take its way in spite oi all opposing forces, ihe enemy will in that day be liko wax before the fire. The strong brow becomes weak. The hard heart that spoke loud swelling words of oefiaare will have melted. God is God, so I hail > better be for Him. "Tho waters prevailed," but because they were sent by God. ! Then the next thing the Spirit of God brings I the top of Ararat." They were Ml at breakfast one morning. t Tbey had thought that, perhaps, 'would still see them in tho ark, though the pottering of the ram on the roof had ceased, the noise of the thunders, and the rash of the waters 'fUteufwL when suddenly there is a grating on the bottom of the ark. They had touched A4 °?d of aU these days, at the right SSaS*nd^^0?sht place, and with God at Aclub the ark reached Ararat. They Sfe?oahhad-notputa rudder on th*j Sir incTir « built before nor but God was at the helm, notlnng to do with the steering, or lie 5?SriSw?iJfvf reatbed God'was at iSl&SlJP;* in every man's life, if you and worid O^ i^63^' °^r ,tho floods of this woric, God is to .steer. Don t vou trv it On bwd of vessels, you see posted up the words Please do not speak to tne man at thewheeL" T&t; 3°<sm* 5* bothcrcd With you. Hellas ftwoikof infinite importance. He has to keep 2uji eyo on Ms work. There are shoals and sand lwnV*; and sometimes it is touch-md-co, in this of life and death. Go down to the saloon I and take your dinner, parade tlio deck, to to your •! case: but only," Do not spc%k to the num. at tho vrheeL" Leave Mm alone. Do not interfere with 1 theguidanccof God, Hefcnowsbcst. His will is our Year. Let God stay on the bridge it He bko~ visible, manifest, undoubted Captain of tho vessel from stem to stern; or let Hun come down to the prow, and in an und^gnifled, unexpected, i unreasonable appearance, guide you and me. His sole purpose is to bring us safe into the harbour; and it is only when you and I rest our weather beaten barks on toe glassy tide, when we , have cast anchor in the havejt of heaven. I when in glory that wc will sec what a skilful I Pilot wo had. How the little bairn had to be j taken from cur encircling arms, how the sharp I sorrow bod to be-borne, ' *" God, Thou skilful Pilot! Thou wast right, This had to be. All things work together for good to those who love Thee." We have came to Ararat. Thero was no chart to mark the road. Men can creep from headland to headland, but when they get out into the deep they need something else than the outrjutting shore, and they take to the stars; but when the clouds blot out tho constellations, when all is dark. tho bark in Thine o for inc. Let it be'. And when from out this bourns of. time and place, j The tide doth bear me far, I hope to see my P.lot face to face • When I have crossed the bar. Happy man, "who, when thinifceg of a new part nership, and in tho consultation and thought of how much money this candidate, and how much influence• this othfr can-put in. Happy 'man! who consults God. nappy man who inserts visibly in all things the name of God. It will tie a happy business, a successful life that begin" with God. Have you began tho New Year with God? In the departing moments of last year did you take the newly-born infant, the New Year, ana did yon hold it up to God and cry for His came to be put upon its brow. His nunc to bo on the year. Did first footings with tbo bottle that youwelcc the New Year! Wcs it with cheer, not of the voice but cf the heart that you did lift up the new-bom jear to be baptised into the name of God. "What has God given you for the New Year 1 What he gave Noali. Noah , bad learned much, and into his bosom there 'dropped a new heart. He hid come bomo from the college, the minis ter's boy. He was awild boy, as many ministers* , bojs are: for often it seems that proportionally as their father is solemn, they are the opposite. He was always in every ploy ami ti ick In the vil lage. The father could not understand his son's exuberant spirits. He thought he must bare cot it from his mother. He thought much and often felt verj deeply over his boy. Ho felt ns tho hen did. that the farmer's wife had put over a brood of ducks. When they waddled into the water, she felt that the woxld bnd gone wrong, and almost broke her heart . The father ct uld not un derstand this - duck or a boy he had got, and he was a soro grief to the old man. But at last he went to cAfpgp, and he came'back. We were all protid of him. Wo had heard of his suc cess at the college, and he brought home two gold medals wlth-him. Ho brought them up to thing pIjo at the university. He cow understands hb father, and looking down upon that lovod form.he eajs "Father!" The old minister regards his boy tenderly, as with him with a new heart, than all the medals. Oh, you with the gold medal of Goo's goodness. Have you got the new heart! Can you whisper into His ear, and bring a smile into His face as you say, "And a now heart." I thank Thee. Oh God! for the new heart. I thank Thee for Christ and His salva ion; and a* I have tho earnest desire to live this year for God, looking to FTtg Spirit for strength to carry out His purpose, can I say, My f&iih; would lay her hand On that deorbcad of Thine, While ns a penitent I stand And there confess my sin. "'•■lieviDg. I rejoice To see the curse remove, praise the Limb with cheerful voice, And sing His dyiog love. 