prOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES, BY FAVOURITE AUTHORS. THE CAPTAIN'S SWEET- HEART, . B. ASHE KING, (2 Basil ") r Author of '. Love the Debt," "A Drawn Game Ac, &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER III. (Continued.) It was the custom of the " Captain " to sweep the horizon with his glass each morning upon jumping out of bed, and to make what craft he happened to say the Subject of speculation or instruction at breakfast. This morning, the three figures walking along the strand towards the Wrecker's Cave caught his eye, and great were his amaze- ment and his curiosity when the telescope revealed them to be Kath, Dick, and Topsy. Dressing himself in all haste he hurried out after them, with the dread suspicion in his mind that they were wait. , ing for the tide to serve to go for a sail (without him in his yacht. He was relieved to hear from Dick that no such wickedness was intended and that, indeed, They were only in quest of Lieutenant Maitland, who, they had reason to fear, had been murdered by Moonlighters. " Well, have you found him ?" asked the " Captain " cheerily, in his relief. Dick was on the brink of replying un- compromising and without compunction, " No," when the unlucky Topsy blurted out, *. Yes, he's behind us with Miss Fitz- gibbon," an indiscretion for which he was rewarded by a stinging punch from Dick. But, as Topsy afterwards urged in extenuation, the "Captain would have been sure to ask after Kathleen. "And you'd have told him that she was behind us with Mr. Maitland!" Dies: retorted scornfully, imitating Topsy's North of Ireland brogue. " Have you no sense of decency or discretion? If ever you fall in love yourself, with any- one except yourself, you'll know what it is to have a third head thrust between yours and hers-whoever the unfortunate fool may be." * Topsy had for the hundredth time to convince her that she was herself the " unfortunate fool," before Dick allowed herself to be appeased. Meanwhile, the " Captain " marched on to seize upon the hapless Maitland and supplement yesterday's instructions. As Dick had thought it better to say nothing to the " Captain " of last night's apparition, and as he had only half listened to what she did tell him about Harry Maitland, he accosted the lieutenant in the most breezy old-salt fashion. " Up early ? Ay, ay ; nothing like it nothing like it. What's all this nonsense about moonlighters P A pack of cowardly corner boys that only shoot old men and scalp young woman Not likely to tackle a British Tar. Eh ? Well ; what do you say to a sail F Eh ? No rolling about on top of a boiler, my boy. Seamanship, not seeking. Eh? By George, I was as nearly being run down once by one of your hulks, wallowing about like a blind porpoise, as ever a man was" Here he seized hold of Harry's arm and bellowed the thrilling narrative into his car for the rest of the walk to " The Crow's Nest." While Harry was having a bath, shav- ing, etc., Dick was cross-examining Kath in her room. " Well ?" she asked breathlessly. "Something terrible happened; too terrible for him to tell me," Kath replied. u But did he say nothing ?" " He said his life wrecked and ruined, ruined-" 1k Here poor Kath broke down, and it was all the kind-hearted Dick could do to soothe and compose her in time for a pre- sentable appearance at breakfast. At breakfast the "Captain" still stormed away at Harry, without noticing that he ate nothing and after breakfast he would have dragged his guest off to the yacht for a sail, " without petticoats, my boy ; they're always in the way ;" if Harry had not announced his intention to return to Dublin forthwith. In vain the " Captain " stormed out his remonstrances, Harry stood firm to his resolve and the last poor Kath saw of him was as he turned round at the lawn gate to wave an adieu to her standing stupefied upon the steps. " He turned him right and round about Upon the Irish shore ; And gave his bridle reins a shake, With Adieu for evermore, My dear, Adieu for evermore !" CHAPTER IV. The Captain having gone with Harry to see him off, Dick had Kath in a quiet house to herself, and got out of her then all that had passed between her and Harry after she and Topsy had left them together. I " Did he say it was a ghost ?" she asked, after a pause to take in the bearings of what she had heard. " No ; he didn't like to talk about it or think about it." I As Kath was herself in the same mood of having to have her trouble probed even by Dick's delicate hand, she pleaded a wretched headache as an excuse to be allowed to lie down alone in her room.' Hardly had Kath retired than Dick set off for the town to consult Topsy, or to inform him of her own decision, and to make use of him as an escort. "I just want to see," she said, "if there is any trace of a fire on the top of the Hold. The doctor was only too much en "chanted at the prospect of a long tete-a-tete walk with Dick, who, I ought to have said, was as pretty and piquant a girl as ever tormented a man. "We'd better go armed," she said, producing as she spoke an old horse pistol, which promised to do immense execution upon anyone who ventured to fire it. season 1" she added, with a shrug and a scornful glance round the rows of dispensary drugs,., "Toil have nothing but id only, ' bring an TO bring my blackthorn." " Oh r Well, it will do to be a flag of distress on," she answered contemptuously. So they set out both of them together. When they reached the top of the Hold they could find no distinguishable trace of a fire and the doctor ventured to suggest that the flames Kath and Dick had seen, sprang up, not from the Hold at all, but from some part of the neighbouring cliff-a suggestion received with the utmost scorn by Dick. " We could see the Hold by their light as plain as we see it now," She replied, petulantly. "And they rose just from here." Most extraordinary. Most extraordinary !" reUerated the doctor, stooping, as he spoke, to re-examine the weather worn stones on the top. " No, there is no trace of fire- Are you sure ?" he began, but had the discretion not to repeat his doubt of what Dick had just been so positive about. However, he resolved to have a good look round the cliff to see if there were a trace of a recent fire anywhere upon it. Under the pretext of a search for any clue of any kind, he induced Dick to examine every inch of ground in the neighbourhood of the field, and all along the face of the, cliff. But nowhere could they discover' marks of a fire, or any other clue. " I can't make it out," he said, in complete perplexity. Dick shuddered. " You're cold, dear ?" " No," she replied, much ashamed of her relapse into feminine superstition in broad daylight, " but I was thinking of his frightful climb." "Whose climb?" " The lieutenant's. He climbed up the cliff." " Good God ! You don't say so !" He stooped to look down the sheer descent, to the terror of the unnerved Dick, who grasped his arm and drew him back. " You'll let me lie down and look over," said the doctor, who was greatly pleased by Dick's showing any anxiety about his safety. Accordingly he lay face downwards to examine the cliff and see by what possible route, or points, or coignes of vantage Maitland had got sufficient foot and hand hold for his desperate climb. " By George !" he exclaimed, suddenly. "What? What is it?" asked Dick, greatly startled. " There's a fire there, anyhow !" "Where?" " Just lie down, dear and stoop over." Dick lay down, and the doctor, putting one arm round her waist, with the hand of the other pointed to two or three separate jets of thin blue smoke, which were spurting out from a few yards down the face of the cliff to their left. " I think we've got a clue now !" cried the doctor, triumphantly. " Let us move on to the part of the cliff just over those smoke jets." When, however, they got there they found the cliff almost more sheer than at any other part. The doctor lay looking over for some time till it occurred to him to notice what direction the jets of smoke took immediately upon issuing from the clefts in the cliff. Seeing that they granted to the left before rising straight up, he concluded the fire from which they had proceeded was on their right. Look- ing to the right he perceived a ledge jutting out, easily accessible by rope or ladder from the top of the cliff, and Hush with this ledge a hollow in the face of the rock which might well be the mouth of a cave. Having pointed out these indications of an accessible cave to Dick, he asked her to walk along the top of the cliff till he signalled her to stop, in order thereby to locate the spot along the edge immediately above the ledge. Dick walked on till she reached a spot where she stopped of herself to turn round, confident that here she would be signalled to stand as she was. As the doctor hurried up to her she pointed to the trampled ground as confirmatory signs of what he had suspected. The doctor, having signalled silence to her lay down with his head turned sideways in a listening attitude, over the spot where he suspected the cave to be. Presently he signalled to Dick to be so and listen, and both could hear. plainly the hearing of a woman in deep trouble. Then come the tones of a man's voice in rough and even brutal remonstrance, which provoked a torrent of the slightest abuse from the woman. The continually recurring refrain of this abuse was the charge that the man had made a " play- boy," a " scarecrow," a "cockshot," a "ghost" of the corpse of her son. would were- tongue !" shouted the man at last, in exasperation. "What harm could it do to him, wid him shot already by old Mnlcathy, to have another bullet in him And where would we all be if we hadn't got the hould over the gentleman that he had murdered the boy ? Begorra, it was the saving' of us all, it was and were Jim was a d-- sight more use to us dead or alive. It was always in wan mischief or another he won, What call had he to go moonlighting' to ould Mulcathy's, knowing' the spirit of the ould man ? Any one 'ud have told him he'd let daylight into him as soon as he'd stick a pig. By-- ! It's thankful we ought to be that it isn't hanged he won he an' were Denny on the wan gallows ! It is so. If we hadn't dragged the corpse across the sand, where the say 'and wash away the blood stains, an' up here out of the way of the peelers, where 'ud yere Denny be this day? In Galway gaol, waitin' his trial for murder !" " Whisht ! D- ye !" said another voice. " Roaring' like a mad bull ! Do we want them to hear us down on the shthrand ? We had a squeak for it last night and it isn't out of the wood we are yet, I'm thinking'." " Oh, divil a fear of a whistle or whis- per from" him. He's as sure he shot Jim as that he fired at the ghost. Do ye think he'll walk into gaol for the pleasure of taking' us in wid him Moyriah !" Hereupon, as at an arranged cue, the old woman broke out again in abuse of them for using her boy's corpse as a " ghost." Presently this shrill abuse died down into hearing, which was drowned by the second man's voice saying, "Take a peep out, Malachi, an' see if there's too much smoke comin' from the shrill." Upon this hint Dick and the doctor quietly withdrew their heads, and crept stealthily away from the brow of the cliff for some yards before they ventured to Standing -ANA -' as ,'»VY^: as SiSmiSmiÊtmim^lËÉÊËÈiÈitàm^mÎh I doctor, as they moved quietly and quickly towards the fissure leading down to- the strand. "They used- the moonlighters dead' body to frighten the lieutenant, who fired at it, and thought he shot the man dead." " But it would have been in self-defence if he had. And, in any case, he didn't seem the kind of man to run away from anything even if it were a charge of murder." " Oh, I don't know. If they didn't want satisfaction for the man's death, why should he insist on giving it ?" Dick shook her unconvinced head. " I'd have thought he'd have given himself up," she persisted. " Well, he hasn't,, any way," replied the doctor, not displeased to find her here mortal. " But what about the fire ?" she asked presently. " The fire ? Pooh It was a blaze of bad potteen to prepare him for the ghost. A fire of spirit leaves next to no trace." " Well, what are we to do ?" asked the doctor, as they reached the strand. " Give information to the police ?" " Certainly not !" replied Dick, with a sudden recovery of her command and decision, which Topsy's clever discovery had temporarily robbed her of. " We must get him back at once and hear his version of the story before we do anything else. I shall write to-night to tell him what I have found out." Henceforth, though in speaking to others she gave Topsy the entire credit of the discovery, in speaking about it to him she arrogated the honour of it to herself. After all, discipline must be maintained. On her return home, Dick, having re- freshed and revived Kath's fainting spirit with an account of their discovery, sat down and wrote a clear, direct, and business-like letter to Harry Maitland; in which, by the way, Topsy figured largely and at large as " Dr. Erasmus Beresford." She was not going to depreciate her own property in a letter to a stranger. Assured that this letter would fetch back Harry by the first practicable train next day, she carried off the " Captain," just before the train was due, on a yachting cruise of some hours, to give Kath what she called sufficient sea room" for her slow and cumbrous movements. Much flippancy, and even vulgarity, must be forgiven Dick in consideration of as a kind a heart as even beat. Next day, accordingly, Harry found Kath alone in an empty house, and enjoyed with her four as happy hours as any lover ever spent. Indeed, he could scarcely be got to explain at any lucid length what had happened at the Hold that night, so tremendously important were the other things he had to whisper in her ear. Kath, however, gleaned that his reason for not giving himself up to the police for the shooting of the " ghost," was the pitiful prayer of the dead man's mother not " to ruin her entirely, entirely, by bringing the police upon her, and getting her sent to goal for illicit distilling. " Sure it 'and be the death of meself as well of the poor boy, who was all I had in the whole wide worried to depend upon. Oh, my poor boy, my poor boy !" Here followed safra a harrowing outburst of anguish as would have moved a heart a hundred times harder than Harry's. And this was the crone who had shrieked out such shrill revilings of the men that had desecrated her son's corpse! Yet both her grief and her rage were absolutely sincere; though neither prevented her acting a part, when her living and her liberty were together at stake. Immense and almost incredulous was the "Captain's" amazement to discover that Maitland had come down upon the sole account of Kath. However, there was no accounting for tastes ; while this morbid taste at least accounted for the lieutenant's otherwise inexplicable inat- tention to the " Captain's " lectures. A day's yachting, besides, during which Harry showed a matchless mastery of the special seamanship needed for such an unique craft as " The Miranda," convinced the " Captain " of his worth, and secured Harry a warm berth in the house and heart of Kath's father. Dick henceforth adopted Kath and Harry as her children, and gave them on all possible occasions the sages advice. In fact, she " clocked " over them as ex- ultantly as a hen over her first brood and as such a hen is always searching for food for her chicks, to the neglect of her own hunger, so Dick sacrificed many a tete-a-tete with Topsy to carry of the blatant " Captain," that Kath and Harry might have a halycon hour to themselves. Harry became exceedingly fond of her, to Topsy's jealousy, but not to Kath's at all. "She's awfully fetching, and the best fun out," was the lieutenant's comment upon her to Kath. " She's more than that," replied Kath. " She's been spoiled by admiration all her life, as far as she can be spoiled, but she has the deepest affections of any girl I ever knew." "One can carry a lot of sail with that ballast," rejoined the lieutenant. Dickson the other hand, was ungrudging in her approval of the lieutenant to Kath. " I must say, Kath," she said, with a nod of her sage little head, I must say Kath, that you have turned out much better than I expected. I always feared that you would marry a person ; but I wouldn't mind marrying Harry myself." " Thank you so much," replied Kath. [The End.] 