AN AUSTRALIAN WOMAN IN ,, AMERICA. , NAfro NAL CONVENTION OF WOMEN. Miss C. H. Spence continues, in to-day's I Daily Telegraph, her interesting and informing series of letters descriptive of her experiences during her sojourn in the United States. Under date Philadelphia, 3rd March, she writes :- . I am again in this conservative protectionist city of manufacturing industry on my way from Washington, the beautiful capital of those great United States. The immediate cause which took me to Washington was the meeting of the National Convention of Woman Suffragists, which has been held there for many years. Next year it will be held in. Atlanta, Georgia. I heard some splendid speaking from women from all parts of the States east and west and north and south. I myself had an opportunity given me by Miss Susan R. Anthony (the president and the veteran worker for woman's equal rights) to advocate and except by the plain, single, transferable vote on the afternoon of Saturday, the 17th, and I think some good converts were made. The triumph i in- New Zealand, which is poetically spoken of as one of the isles of the sea, and in the State of Colorado nearer home, both gaining full political suffrage, was the cheerful- side of the cause. The declaring unconstitutional the municipal suffrage in Michigan and the poor vote for school commissioners in New York State, after those had been fought for so long and so hardly, was the reverse side. The suffragists mean to raise £10,000 for the Kansas campaign, which I think they may win, for Kansas has had municipal suffrage for seven years, and public feeling is educated in favour of full civic rights. One hundred thousand dollars, or ten times as much, is wanted for the campaign in New York State, in order that the obnoxious "male" should be stricken out of the constitution. Once in twenty years the States can revise their parchment constitution, and this is the golden opportunity for the ' Empire State, with its 0,000,000 of inhabitants. May is the month to decide, and every effort is to be made before that time. I do not expect that the suffragists will succeed there. The proportional representation advocates are also to put pressure for their claims on this constitutional convention, but I hear with great regret that the majority of the committee recommend the cumulative vote rather than the single preferential, or the Swiss free list. Of all devices for securing representa- tion, to minorities, the cumulative vote is the clumsiest and most inadequate. It is less simple for the voter besides. But because in Illinotsjtho cumulative vote for three-member districts is in operation the American mind prolong it. The politician prefers it because it really makes no difference in the representation of Illinois. It gauges more accurately the relative position of Republicans and Democrats, but it allows no reform element to outor. Sir John Lubbock says that majority representation is hard upon good men of both Conservative and Liberal parties, but it is hardest on the Liberals, because there are several ways of advancing and only one way of standing still. When parties are strongly organised, as the two contestants;) are in the United States, they are just as exclusive to all new ideas in Illinois with the cumulative vote as in other States with the plurality triumph. The NEW LUKAS IN THE Ant. America is honeycombed with new ideas as to land, as to railroads and telegraphs, as to labour rights and wrongs, but these new ideas are separated and extinguished in detail in almost every electorate of this vast country. Now the hopes of reformers are that through the ballot revolution may be averted, and gradual evolution will bring about better conditions for all. But these ideas are only circulated in struggling reform journals, read by the already convinced. The people at the polls still love to vote the party ticket. The out-of-works, who are suffering now, mostly think the depression is due to the Democratic victory last November and vote Republican, and hate the idea of the Wilson tariff, and far more any suggestion of real free trade. The farmers are more inclined to favour the Democratic party, because the Republicans are associated in their views with the people who run the railroads and the banks, and hold the mortgages on millions of farms. The return for 1880 was nine millions of mortgages ; those for 1896 are not published, but they are probably larger, and in the meantime millions of freeholders have become tenants paying rent. The new thought of America should arise in its strength and form a party more logical, and not less patriotic, than the Populists. I have more hopes from the West than from the East. The States there have not such rigid constitutions the cities are not corrupt. The Slate I universities there are a true link in the chain of education rising from the primary to the grammar school, on through the high school to the university , all here to the citizens, as the people tax themselves for this end All reform parties put woman suffrage on the platforms, but there is only a small part of the women who demand the suffrage who care for colour I have found this out not only in conversation, but through the ballots offered to ss onion a meeting, of which I have had a dozen or more The only reform movements popular with them are prohibition and woman s suffrage, and the bulk of the vote goes to the Republicans and a smaller number to the Democrats ~ first the woman vote in Australia will be conservative and reactionary politically , but character will tell for a great deal with them Gradually with the exercise of the responsibility will come under views The sooner the experiment is tried the better. There is no more beautiful building than the Capitol of Washington or any legible , turn in the world THE brwiE AND THE TUUU I I listened to a hot debate in the bonate on the tat tat II there was any applause, or even the ghost of a laugh, it was instantly. suppressed by President Morton, who is vice-president of the Unite 1 States It was a thin house, niemboisvsero writing letters and clapping their hands for one of the pages in attendance to go me sages for them Members do not wear their hats as in the English Houses, but neither senators not representatives looked so imposing as they do at Westminster Still this Senate is the strongest Upper House in the world, and all Colour parties complain of us being obstructive The telegraph will have told you the result of the tariff debate long ere this It is stated that Mr. Wilson s bill will be so altered that the House will not accept of it, and that may delay Heo wood for a long time I WHHB visit COLOUR i D SCHOOLS j In Washington I visited some coloured schools The i age prejudice is so strong here, as all over the South, that the slightest trace of African blood prevents a child born being a Imtttod into my school for white children, and this is one cause why in the country districts in the South there are a ton no schools at all, and both both black and white children grow up in illiteracy If in our country districts we had to build and staff two schools instead of one, we should find it hard on our general revenue The general revenue here does nothing for education Local taxation, with some help from the State, must do it all in the district of Columbia, the small plot of land on which Washington is built, the number of ss Into pupils enrolled in the public schools is 2ï,62, and of coloured ll,d02 There are 18,728 male and 21,011 females In all the schools, and especially in the coloured, the girls remain longer, and far more go up into the high schools than the box, s I In the schools which I visited, the children were at all shades, li on the deepest black to absolutely lan, with flaxen or tawny hand I never heard such good singing in an j school or such pleasing lead in j Iho Airman is exceptionally gifted as to voice I watched the teaching and the answers I asked some questions myself and obtained intelligent replies Ago for ago those children computed well with other America or Ausnahmt classes, and the great majority of them come li in very poor homes, and the parents make great many faces to keep them in school. The attendance is more punctual and more regular than at the late schools The lady whose guest I was in Washington has the strongest faith in the capacity of the African race, and has devoted time, effort, and money to their aid she has built and endowed a school for sixty coloured children in South Virginia, and this stimulated the white rocks near it to build one too, with aid horn appropriations Tin Socrsr Three The social taboo, which hour Washington southward ostiacisoB all the coloured race, is felt keenly by those who are educated When the liberated slaves looked into Washington towards the end of the war it was thought so great a political danger that all the people in the district of Columbia ' were disfranchised In other States the negro is cheated out of his vote, so as to make the South solidly Democratic The negroes the right to vote, but there are half a dozen ways of presenting him home exercising it, and illiteracy makes him an easy dupe to astuteness The South just lies this procedure by the four of negro domination Proportional representation to effective voting would minimise the danger of the ignorant negro vote in the South and of the ignorant alien vote in the East and North, and it would be educative, as the present system of " war by election, as Albert Stickney calls it, is not, and never can be Tin BOIUDIM; OUT Svsrm In Washington a beginning was made last July of boarding out what are called here dependent children, and 1 >0 white and coloured children have been put into homes adoptive, and subsidised under the care of the Board of Children s Guardians But a new head of department has been put in officers politician opposed to this method-and all the subsidised orphanages, schools, and foundling hospitals are protesting loudly against it, so the board is having a light I was interviewed by members of this board and by the Press I hope they may obtain the corroborative evidence of Miss Windoj or of our city, who stayed in Washington longer than I did The distinction with us is that Pro testants must be put into Protestant homes and Catholics into Catholic homes Tion there is another distinction still more so operative between coloured children and those quite white I went yesterday to the Children's Aid Society of Philadelphia, which cares (or less children, dispersed m homes in Ponnsvl Varna Many of those are really adopted Those who are paid for cost 37 monthly or 7s a week, and the society provides all their clothes The State pays only 3700, OF IP300 to the society, all other expenses in admits gallon and management are named by private subscription to the amount of 518 000 or XJU00 It is evident that a great many are not paid for, as this is only $58, of between 300 and £11, for each Americans wonder how we find foster mothers willing to take children for Os a week I wonder how they find so many to take them for nothing But we must bear in mind that if they had to place out all their dependent children, instead of less than the tenth part of them, they might find free homes hard to secure New York State has 28,000 children subsistent, boarded the delinquent children in reform schools Uvni'iHtsnsArn bFSTLxeLs I travelled three hours by railroad with Charles Dudley Warner, an American writer with a fine vein of humour, as well as other good literary qualities He is deeply interested in the reform of the criminal law and administration, and he is a firm believer in Indeterminate Sentences The increase in the number of committals for Crime, which is so alarming a feature in America, he attributes loss to the great influx of foreign bullfrogs, paupers and criminals, than to the practice of sending raw outputs into the society of ox penetrated rogues, and not keeping professional criminals in durance so long as they give no sign of amendment. There are two obstacles to the working of under senate sentences limestone is that the governors prisoners and loloitnatoiiesiue appointed for political reasons, and could not be trusted to deal righteously with the fashionable and the nicolaiimblo and the other is the sentiment of the people, which objects to lengthening a sentence. Dr. Deéal, in his invaluable monograph, the Jukes, says that the hue of the professional criminal is pretty equally divided between liberty, house, excitement, ensued, and 1111 prisonment, timing which he generally recover his health and strength of thought instalment of freedom. This he greatly prolorB to a life of regular labour. PtiTinti Piton still in . I think I shall! leave of America in a month, and shall visit Scotland, England, France, Switzerland, and Italy perhaps Germany. I am anxious to know how proportional representation works in the foul cantons of Switzerland in which it is inaugurated Tcbbino, Nonlehalol, Geneva, and Zug, also, in the initiative and referendum, about which there is so much said here, are not illino OBsaiy where the people are equitably represented. I am sure that I shall be nowhere in the world more beautiful halls of legislation than the American Capitol at Washington, but I am quite as sure that elsewhere there are hotter representative institutions. More than two thirds of the senators are lawyers, and more than two thudsoftho congressmen belong to that professional strange thing for this indus mous, agricultural, niatiulacturmg, come- I mercial, ingenious, versatile people. | I 