;?',. Test Seances. Sir 'William Wmdeyer, Mr. Copeland, and other, persons of light and leading have been investigating Mrs, Mellon at test seances. On two occasions they put the lady in a Hack calico *' bag, 'tied rouad. her nfect and sealed, her neak being also encircled by a check thread held by Mr. Cbpeland. After all this -was done and the room, partially darkened, two intensely white forms appeared. At one of theBe sittings one form appeared ^several ?times j at die other two forms appeared in. Succession. The Smaller was between two' feet and three feet high, and was seen and heard to move as if dancing. It \also emitted a TH using sonnd. The other was a much taller form. On another occasion this assemblage of the elite put the lady in a cage, having first (by the .instrumentality of lady searchers} deprived her of all white garments. Despite these pre cautions, a white drapery was seen outside the cage. 'When the cage was opened the medium was found asleep. The medium is now ill and exhausted. These experiments read TCry funnily; but they prove nothing. The only investigator yet heard of who retained his common sense was the gentleman who some weeks ago «aught hold of one of Mrs. Mellon's ghosts and found . the 'phantom of a .frolic' as solid L as the lady who figures at the enc 1 of Don Juan — in fact, Mrs. Mellon herself . If Sir William 'Windeyer and fri« friend s were bound by conditions that thev mui at not touch/their experiences may only mer in. that they were cleverly deceived. If it seance were given, under which the danci s;t and kissing1 figure might be caught h- ild of if it were tangible, something mij fht beproved. if Sir William, who has the f /oat of honor at these exhibitions within tl iree feet of the curtain, found the dancing sj cite impalpable the medium would score one, and ' would then only have to show that she had no 'Pepper's Ghost' .apj? araA tus on the premises. On. ? the «ther hand, if Sir William f- iund the sprite to be in mortal form, he n right sit upon it in his judicial or physical .- capa city, or in both. 