LOYALTY. In Tasmania it is considered the correct thing to be loyal. la fact to be eligible for society one must be loyal, and a communicant to at least one church. If you can work two or three churches by means of your family so much the better. Loyalty, however, always ranks first, and the odd part of it is tbat loyalty comprises paying due res pect and honor to even presidents and emperors of foreign states. In fact to bs truly loyal one muBt be prepared to shout hurrah to every office-bolder, particularly if of. the brand Royal. Loyalty in Tasmania being as well established an insti tution as unlimited credit, five months at least, and all the many dirty cliquisin tricks that makes the island a delectable place to reside and trade in. Loyalty, however, is a hollow ghost in juxtaposition with the latter phase. Let Tasmania be asked to pay a fraction to royalty and how sbe would to a man rebel against tbe unrighteous exaction. Let Loyalty consider what the balderdash means to a royal pauper ridden people. It means tbe Queen receiving the trifling sum of £385,000 per annum, and is there by saved any danger of dying from poor man's gout or starvation. In addition she has many other allow ances, whilst Windsor Castle and Balmoral are rent free. Then sbe can place her family in nice snug little corners. If we contrast her salary with that of tbe President of any Republican State we shall find that unrepresentative monarchy in this country is exceedingly ex pensive. President Perier receives a silary of £24,000 per annum, and his house allowance (£12000), in all £36,000 ; the President of the United States is paid £10,000 a year, the whole cost of the Presidency and Vice- Presidency of the United States being £36,000. But where a monarchy exists, the cost of Government is always in creased. For instance, the Civil List of Germany is £615,964; that for Austria is £(550,000 ; little Italy cames next with the large amount of £650,000 ; and Spain £400,000. These, however, are all surpassed by the worst governed country iu the world— namely, Russia. Tho Im perial family of that oountry, it is estimated, draw annually £2,000,000 out of the pockets of tbe people. Yet Russia is in such financial straits that every now and then new loans are issued. It should be re membered, however, that in the monarchical countries named the royal Civil List has to bear many pnblic charges from which it is exempt in this country ; aud that taking the whole royal family, the payments to it out of the publict Exchequer annually falls little short of £1,000,000. Republicanism is spreading, aud must continue to spread with the rise o f democracy, ;\ud people that hiug on to loyalty are but, charmed with a dead mummified fetish, that has an idiotic worship aud ceremonial, mainly comprised in the wor shipper snouting himself hoarse, blazing away money in powder whilst the poor are starving in the streets, aud lifting his hat off while the brass band plays and the crowd howls an unmusical chant to save the royal family fiorn everything bnt the jim- jambs. The latter tho evil from which they would most likely suffm* being well protected against everything but themselves 