STRAY NOTES OF AN AUSTRALIAN. IN SOUTHERN GERMANY. No. 6. H.S. In taking leave of my peasant friends in Oberhessen, among whom I had spent plensant days, I made a trip further south wards, and, catching the express early one morning, I found myself a cnnple of hours later in the great commercial City of Frank fort on the Main. As the train ran into the magnificent railway station I could not help thinking that the Germans must be very nearly right iu claiming that it. is the finest station building in the world. Possibly it is ,and possibly it is not. I am not sufficiently travelled to be able tn express an opinion on that point, but this I can say—l hove seen nothing anywhere to approach it. It covers an area of something like 600 feet square, and is roofed with three immense arches of iron and glass. Although it serves a very large numher of distriat lines, the arrange ments are all of so simple a character as to make it almoßt impossible for the veriest innocent to go oßtray. One needs to ask no questions here. His doubts have all been anticipated and answered before they have found expression. This colossal structure is only of recent erection, and cost some twenty-five million marks, equal to a million and a quarter sterling. Walking from the station into the busy city for the first, time there seemed an indescribable something that reminded me of Melbourne. Yet I could not persuada myself that there woe any greater material resemblance than one great city ordinarily bears to another— the similarity seemed to lie in the spirit and in the character of the crowds that peopled the restless streets. This feeling grew rather than faded as the days passed by, and j very soon felt at home in Frankfurt. quarters I had taken up at the Rheinischer' Hof, in one of the most historic parts of Old Frankfurt. Living almost within a stone’s throw of the Main, I was naturally attracted much in that direction, and spent many a pleasant hour wandering along the banks of the river and enjoying tbe fine view one gets of the city from the Sachsenhausen bank, t» cross over to which one has the choice of a half-dozen different hridges, in close proximity to one another. My preference was generally given to the ancient stone bridge, with its 13 or 14 arches, and its statue of Charlemagne, or, to speak in Ger man mode of that, hoary hero, the first of the Kaisers, “Karl the Great.” The view was pßppcinlly charming at the light* began tn appear one by one in the long row nf tall buildings on the opposite side, and throw their reflections in the placid stream, and when occasionally the sounds of sweet music would steal aoross from one of the neighboring concert publiohousas. Almost as near to my lodgings as the river was the historic Romer, the Frankfurt Town Hall, tenanted by many ghosts of the G“rmanic past. It is a building the ex ternal architecture of which has no claims or pretensions to beauty. It has somewhat tha appearance of three third-rate churches pieced side by side, and the signs of age are plainly scored acroßS its face. But what scenes its silent walls have witnessed. In this plain-looking edifice, standing mute to day amid plain and dirty surroundings, the German -Kaisers of the old empire were elected and crowned. On this uneven cnbble-fltoned open spao* So ' •‘Romerberg.” the multitude was wont to ARBPmble to grepfr. the new-made iL'iser. In the so-called “ Kai*ersaal” one rnay see the portraits in oil of these ancient worthies from “ Karl der Grosßs” downwards along the Imperial line. Then, again, not far removed was another spot which interested me greatly—the house in which that greatest of German geniuses, Johann Wolfgang Goethe, was born and spent hiß youthful days.. It is still main tained in the same condition as when the poet tenanted it and oreated in it some of hi« undying works. Of its open spaces Frankfort has named two 11 Goethe Place’ and “Schiller Place," both of which are graced with fine statues, and in .its Rtreet nomenclature one comes everywhere acroßß the names of men who have been mighty in literature or art. Its museums and art galleries are in every respeot worthy of the place. Of its magnificent buildings, probably the most magnifioent i« the Opera House, dedicated “to the true, the beautiful, the good;” an edifice that cost six nnd a half million marks to contract. It stands on a Bite once occupied by fortifications. The city is no longer fortified. Where its walls stood SO years ago parka now extend in a cirole around the old city; but the Frank fort of to-day has Bpread far beyond theße ancient limits. The immense amount of walking about that one does to see the sights nf a big city must have a wonderful effect in promoting the growth nf the feet —an effect I have not seen noticed by any previous travellers. Certain it is that the foot-coverings which I had purchased in Ballarat, and which were of the modest size of eights, gave way, and I was under the necessity nf obtaining a fresh furnishing. Quite an ordinary kind of event, perhaps, which, might happen any where. But abnut this particular instance there wa» someting extraordinary. When I visited a Frankfort shop and explained my want to the proprietor, he merely gave one critical glance at my extremities, and calmly called to his assistant to hand out a pair of number forty tiros. I waa aghast. I expostulated, and explained that I wanted nothing larger than eights. Wasted breath 1 The assistant brought along the numher forty-twos—these were the figures plainly stamped upon the soles—and they fitted ! To quote a little nursery ditty, “If I had the feet of ;” but the subject becomes painful. That was one of my troubles. Another was with the artist in hair, who, for a con sideration, periodically removed the surplus stubble from my face. On the first occasion on which he performed that delicate opera tion he made a close scrutiny the while, and then assailed me with the remark, “ You’re a stranger?” “I am,” said I. “All, I knew it by your complexion.” Then, enquiringly, “America?”. “ No; Australia.” He shaved on in Bilence to the end, and re turned to the chnrge again. “That's somewhere near Mexico, is it not ? ’ I gave him a short lesson in geogrnphy, and made my escape. But he had forgotten it by the time I saw him again. “I suppose,” he began, “you have no winter at all in Africa.” “ Donnerwetter ! I don't know anything about Africa. My fatherland’s Australia.” My vehemence startled him and he carried away one of the projecting corners of my chin by way of retaliation. Efforts at reforming him, hewever, were only thrown away. A few days later he introduced me to a friend of his from Brazil, and I began to wonder to what other far away regions his imagination would yet transport me. When I visited him for the last time I was prepared. He glanced out of the window at the sky and shaped his lips to speak, but I foresaw what was coming and anticipated him. “ We never have nny of this sort of weather in Japan,” I remarked, in as casual a manner as I was capable of. He was dumb. The words died upon his lips. He shaved away deep in thought, and when I passed his establishment the follow ing day, on my way to the railway station, he was standing in his doorway, still with the vacant staro of a man who was mentally wrestling with something beyond his com prehension. From Frankfort I took my way to B*d- Nnuheim, a watering place which has sprung Into existence and into prosperity within the life of the present generation. A pretty little place it is, with magnificent parks and avenues of trees, and during the summer season daily performances of high-class music in the open air. Then it is peopled with persons of all nationalities, who come here to be cured by the healing waters. Some are invalids, and some enjoy the most robust health. The great majority apparently belong to the latter category; but as it is a spot one can spend a month or two in with pleasure, they come here to be cured all the same. At the time of my visit the trees had already begun to put nil their bright Autumn colors, and the number of strangers was daily decreasing. And after a few short days I also disappeared and once more went northward. The country beyond swarmed everywhere with 'soldiers. The Hessian autumn manoeuvres were in progress, and every little village and town was over flowing with military. Everything breathed war. Aut Bntabach, where I rested for a couple of days, some 3000 men were quartered and I found some difficulty in obtaining accommodation. Hotels and private dwel lings alike had been requisitioned to provide lodgings for tließe German sons of Mars. A field bakery constructed just outside the town was turning out loaves of bread by waggon loads for their consumption. Two specinl trains conveying the 117th Regiment ran into the station very shortly after my arrival, and I watched them with interest as they dis tributed themselves in sections, or as some of the companies were marched to the adjoining villages. One could not help admiring the precision with which everything was done, and in admiring understand how the German army earned its high repu tation. Courage is a virtue unevenly distributed by nature, but perfection of training, which is artificial, can to some ex tent assist or replace it. The Germans have snnght that and achieved it. The next morning I woke to hear the sound of dis tant musketry, and rose to find that the town had been evacuated some hours before, and that the troops who had occupied it were already far away. The newspapers at this period contained little but perpetual ac counts of manoeuvres, until the subject became perfectly tiresome. If they varied the matter at all it was to discuss how the Germanisation of Alsace-Lorraine had pro gressed, or the speeches of Kaiser Wilhelm, who told the Alsace-Lorrainers —“ Vou are all German and will remain German. So help us God and our German sword.” A practical sort of oath that, built on the lines of the proverb that “ God helps those who help themselves.” Occasionally these dailies amnsed themselves also with referring ironi cally to the approaching visit of the Russian naval squadron to Toulon, and maliciously representing the French people as prepar ing a|welc"me for their deliverers. Everything comes to an end, and so did my stay in Heßsenland. I travelled thence by the Maine-Weser railway once more to C"Bsel. where a novel experience awaited me. I had “ let myself down,” to use a Germanicism, at the Westfa'ischer Hof, for a few days, and on returning one evening I was informed that a gendarme had been looking for me. To say the least it is always nnpleasant to be wanted by the police, even when one has a perfectly clear conscience. Whatever crimes I may have committed, I was not aware of any on this side of the globe, and of none on the other side of suf ficient magnitude to warrant my extradition. Still the fact remained —I was a man wanted by the police 1 I took the matter philoso phically, and waited for it to develop. Next day my gendarme re appeared, saluted, and notified me to attend nt the police bureau. Asa result of this audience my pedigree, age, place of birth, profession, Ac., Ac., were inscribed in a huge volume and I was dis charged. . I congratulated myself that the incident was over, without knowing the reason of the proceedings. Two days later I received a summons to appear at a certain hour at the office of the commissary of police, prnduce my credentials, military and taxa tion papers, and various other documents I did not possesp. Then the reason of the whole thing appeared. They thought I had come to stay and wished to enrol me in the noble army of German taxpayers. A few words explained matters nnd I was again acquitted. Tho gendarmerie is very largely in evidence in everything in the fatherland, and one never knows when he is offending against its regulations. One has to obtain the permission of tho police for all Borts of trifling things. A Cas«elaner told me he had just concluded a small law snit, lasting seven months, arising out of tho destruction by a gendarme of a signboard about a foot square, which had been in existence for 20 years, but which he had- started to re-paint without having first obtained authority. The court finally allowed him to re-*rect the sign. I had an opportunity of observing how they operate the law of libel. A few panes from my hotel was the office of the Volksblatt fur Hasxen and Waldtck, an organ of the Social Democrats, with the editor of which I had struck up an acquaintance. He published a boyoott notice, asking his readers not to *• forget” a certain brewery, and indicating the restaurants at which beer from that brewery was retailed. The police simply notified him that for this he was fined 200 marks. He published the notice again with out names and they fined him again. Then he left it out, merely requesting his readers to “ remember what was in this space,” and once more they fined him. He exposed the no'ices of fine in his window, and this con stituted another offence. Finally he was cited before the court the day before my de parture, and being considered incorrigible this poor devil of a German editor was sen tenced to 14 days’ imprisonment. Leaving Cassel I travelled by the valleys of the D'emel and the Ruhr, nnd through the mountains of Westphalia to the banks of the Rhine. After a throe days’ stay in the pretty and prosperous city of Dusseldnrf, I sat my face towards tho sea, and at the end of a six hours’ railway journey found myself again in Antwerp, Belgium’s commercial capital, through which I had passed on my way to Germany three months previously. 