Well Played. toHAPTEU XXIV. \- - Tok C" s t l nch . In t3irciiig-b tlie 'second loor came seroli or "ciglit pcrsonf. (tro women iti the gmtlt). They, crowded Into tfietoom. «nd tfro men appfoiichcd Mr. Vivien, -one of whom held in his hand a paper— those two TVcrc the constable of Melton mid a man whom Iw liadchoseri-as deputy for tlie occasiou. Sirjlasllngs had come in with the others and stood, the picture ol Hldigtiant cstontahmcnt. Basil, whose ronntcnnncc liad turned as of 11 phqifc nxi, looked with fUsliibg, threntcn- ing eyes at tins intruders, but they came up one on each side, and tlie constable laid a hand on his shoulder, saving: 41 1 have a \Tnrmnt for your arrest, Mr. Cas- leW, on two iudictincnts, ihc first of which is bigamy.". " Whom are von addressing, sir? My name is Vivicu/1 said the arrested bridegroom, haugh tily. " I am addressing yon, Ferdinand CateJar." A good juke, upon my word J Upon Whose complaint ?n 41 Tlie complaint of bigamy was entered by yonrwife; tile other count was chterinl by n vounft lady by tlie name of Mardegrttve." 44 My first wife, sir — I acknowledge that I have been married before — is drad. I have witnesses to prove that if necessary. Now, take yonr hand otf my shoulder, will you !,f fiercely. 44 That yon will prove or disprorc ujon trial, sir. My duty is to arrest ynu and hold you in confinement to meet the charges of bigamy, at tempt to murder, and fraud ftfld robbery." 'This is — i? — an attempt — a conspiracy. Sir Hastings, have you no power to prevent this outrage, purposely inflicted at this time merely to mortify and annoy me 7" and Vivien, purplu and gasping, glared about from one to tlie other cf tliu group. The face trbicii met his eye were not those lie would lure chosen to surround him on his marriage da)'. Jasper Vclnsky Guila Mar- degrave's, niul — heaven and earth ! Ins jaw fell, lus eyes seemed starting from their sockets. Could the dead come to life 1 Once before, indeed, tliot form and face had unexpectedly, confronted him, after pd old woman's bus bad convinced him that ihev lay fathoms deep under ihcaea. Did he not know of a starlit n/glit, and a meant down ; of a hght-hnusr standing solitary, and in it, alouo, cnfricDded. a weak, erased, broken dnwn creat ure whom he had once called wife ; did he not know of a broken wiudow, oT a brief struggle, of something which shot down through the darkness into the greedy ocean below. Vet here stood the one whose murder had lain on his conscience — the dead alive, whom he loalliod and Uatcd, but who had oucc, long years ago, when he was very young and poor, and unambitious, boeu to him the hand some little dressmaker whom be had won for a wife. Teen the Amanda whom lie had shaken off when a higlicr fortune had opened before him — whom he had loft iu a land so faraway that he "d'd not deem it possible she should ever trace liim lo this qurolcoriieror England, and whom, one who knew them belli well in former days Iind'assurcd him was 00 longer alive to annoy and threaten him, yet whom he had found alive standing between him and the dainty young heiress whom Le was woing. There she stood now on this very day mocked by tlie ceremony which had taken place that moriiiiig — there flic stood, three paces in front of hiui — Faded, old, shabb)', a hideous ghost lint to be laid, looking at bim with Hint dog like look of devotion which he knew so well— which he hatod so — his wife — Lis wife still. Guila, norr properly attired and appearing in her own character, slipped around and got bold of one of Cai'lin's limp hands. Jasper Jooked down on Die floor ; be could not, bad as Leon this man's coarse, bear to gaze nt him in this his hour of defeat BDd degrada tion. Sir Hastings appeared simply stupefied. The constable natnrally still felt a little awe of the master of Vivien Place— tlie high and mighty gentleman before whom they hod all bowed down, lie wished to hurt his feelings us liLtJe as possible ; .to pay as modi respect to liiiu as the circumstances allowed. He bad taken his hand off his prisoner when requested to do so. There were so many ready to aid him in case of a little rebellion that lie did not keep as close a watch as otherwise he might. Basil Vivien turned toward the lalse bride of the morning ; "Did you know of this before the ceremony?" lie asked, quite gently. 44 \ ca," she faltered, "or I shorild nercr have prone to church witii you. I tried to escape from the lmu&e; last night to avoid &o; dire an extremity, but papa was on guard and prevented me. I am sorry, but neither you nor papa hod auy .-nieroy on mo. I was obliged to fight tyranny with such weapons as 1 had given nie." 44 Well, you will at least not refuse to Bay good-by 7" He held out his hand Lo hor, said good-bye, and was hurried off to the watch-house. He was tried, foond gaily, and sentenced to be Iranspoitedrbat he abot himself on the war out to the station. CHAPTER XXV. tHK XKEPERS WIFE WAKEB A CONFKBRION. "Such liiinpndeucc is incredible/' said . the well-trained footman, who could hardly enter tain the idea of a- person— and audi a person — Ihrnsting herself .uninvited into a haristo- cratic -drawing room where there were ladies and gentlemen. As he said it some one pushed by him and came boIdJyin— a tall woman, with big, bold black eyes. Jasper recognized her at once, as the keefftr'a wife from tlie lighthouse. She looked aII about until her eyes fell oh .him. 44 They roc at tlie inn as you were here." she began, "and aaya I to myself, 'There couldn't be a better corn fitter place/ so I came right aTong. TJiey tell us well be turned out of the fightJionse on account of wbat happened last-night. Ji'fS been oa uiy mind a long time and now, aaiT'OT-to be sent packing ooon, vj'jl lose uo time,' aaje I, i tbis afternoon, but him out anfl froe my ra7mL' I went to the inn,. aridypnyrejTe, here, and jsod followed, and 60 be.?t you are the one J lake you -to be, IVe -. V : tor too out in the ball." ; put 1n Aha ggKeweB footman/ a <li£grace.ioa servantY jiJiSRIKs'W " Affe-jniegns fti lirioging >'.« job wish to 6j>o;ik U\ tue, cuuic outside uud I will hoAT. what y<m have to Bay." 4 What I have to r-uy shall l»e spoke hero." She breathed an atmosphere of brandy about her, yet she did not appear lo be intoxicated, ahd was ontirely self-possessed. Looking over toward tlie group at the other end uf thfc room, she asked : ' Is that John Mnrdcgr&vc;'s wife 7" " It is/' answered Guila, who hnd drown near, and seemed to be interested, as if by some prescience, in wliat was'going on. Will John Mardravo's wife Step here a few minutes ?" Mrs. Mardegrave, with n bniighly ftir, but tint devoid of curiosity, arose and approached the intruder, who looked her over with keen eyes, And then began : 44 Do you remember Sarah Ann Mark?, my ladv ?M Mrs. Mordegrnve started, lost color, and an swered, in a imnelons voice : 44 1 think that was the name of (he scrrant Mrs. Colonel Mordegrave took with her as lady's maid when she went to India." 44 It vn?, and I uni that servant, I retnem- lier yon ; yon was just married, too — a bride, like my mistress. Well, you remember, I dare say, that Mrs. Colonel Mardegrave had a son, and that the child was stolen ?" 44 Oh, yes, yes, We all remember that, you may be sure.11 Guila stood, with rlaspod hands, gazing in the woman's face. Mrs. Mardegrave was also agitated. Once (he whole funiily would have rejoicod to hoar tidings of their brother's child, but long years had slipped awav, the jiarenLs were dead, tlie relatives had stcpjied iu aud taken possession of that child's nstiite ; it would cause serious trouble now if lie were to be brought forward, and tlie little lady was troubled and displeased. 14 1 stole the child. I did it out of revenge, because she hnd & Hindoo nurse for him. That black ayah, as liiey call 'em, was 'always gelling iu my way. She was very fond ol the little fellow. I thought she loved him as much as his mother did. I hated her. I was inacl nt Mrs. Mardegrave because she did not give me charge of her baby. I had alwavs had a sudden, rovengful temjier, and I thought it lowered me to be a servant along of Uicin black creatures in the same house. There was an English sailor in Calcutta as wanhxi me to marry him an go back to England to live. Tlie day lus ship was to sail I went to tlie missionary and was married to him. Then I said to liiui, 4 1 don't cure to conic on board ship till the last iiiiuuLe. I'm not going to speak to my mistress at all about it.' And he said iiis ship would weigh anchor at ten that ' night. I went bark home ; that evening the colonel and Sirs. Mardegrave went to an officer's ball. They left the house at nine o'clock. I just looked about to see what I could'teke con veniently, The ayah was sound asleep in a chair iu the child's room ; my lady's sleeping room was next to it, and 1 took one of her trunks and handed it out of the window to Jack, and I went in to look nt the baby for the last time. As sure as I live I had not made np mv niiud to take tlie little fellow till that, minute, but I hated the Inzv old tiling, sitting there fast asleep, and thinks I, 4 How will she feel when she wal.es up a::d finds what has hapj>ened ? It will he tlie death of her, end she'll have (o bear nil tlie blame.' Willi thai I took the child softlv up, and he did not waken, .and I went out to Jack, who had the trunk, an' he never knew what I hnd iu my arms until wu were nlxmrxl and the vessel out to sea. He scolded me well, but there was no hope for it then, anil for fear of the conse quence he hade me say tlie bain was mv own : I made him np some plain clothes out of nn old dross of mine that night, and hid Ins fine things; and with all the fuss there was made afterward, every vessel's crew questioned, and ours when it got in England, the bc.v passed for mine and was never traced. As the ayah declared she was wide awake at half- past nine, and as our ship was put down as having sailed at that time, it was not thought that he could be on it anyway." 44 Oh. tok wretch !" gasped 'Mrs. Mardegrave. "What did you do with uiy little brother?" asked Guila, holding her breath in suspense, and willi her eyes fixed on Jasper, who, quite silent atid pale, was attentively listening. The woman looked down, and did not answer for some .time. 44 1 came hero to tell the whole slory, and I'll do it," she at last said, doggedly. 44 Jack wanted to leave his sliip, and go to California, where such heaps of gold were to be had. The child was a great drawback and trouble to us. We were afraid of our lives to tell what I had done, there was such a fuss being mode, so 1 left him one night in the London Foundling I Asylum." Here Guila and Josper exchanged looks. 44 I pnt about his neck the little opal neck lace he had on when I took him away ; it was worth a great deal of money, but J put it on him, hoping as how he might chance to be identified without our getting into tronble bs means of hiru. Also I hnd a lock of his mother's hair, which I had cutoff on the. sir, one d4y. when I was doing it. "Well, before we sailed for California, the child was taken out of the asylum and adopted by n batcher. I was veir sorry, but J couldn't see how to help it. I sent him dome money once after, on the occasion of our coming back to England ; then we went again to. California, and sUyod there till Jack died, and! know nothing of the child since." Mrs. Mardegrave drew long breath or relief. 44 It is as well/1 she said, " the adopted son of a butcher, even if we coald find him, must be a very coarse person, quite unfit for ua to associate with." 4 But I'm boond to tell yon, mum, that from the hour I first set eyes otj him, I'belicrcd he was the son/' pointing to Jasper. 44 He's the pictnre of his toother, you all .must Bay." 44 Yon are correct, Mrs. Gmtchch I believe I am that child, now grown to man's estate, j but unfortunately the adopted son of & butcjfcj', quite too coarse for my relatives to associate frith," sjMjke Jasper, with a grim .smile. "Prove it ! prove itf" almost scream od Mrs. Mardegrave. He look from his breast-pocket a small' package, untied tlie wrappings, opened the box, sti4 displayed -the opal eckUce ati£ <Everytonc in ;thc "friora jiresso£ forward glimpse of -these -things. The opals -ehor»e like ra i n bow ;lea no i p g - Jti 1 rongl J jitfiky/clouda. Miss AIkt ami &U;& Edith yeast unreadable glances upon this nefw cqgiin ; Mr. Forceythe, jnore.fVteited 'Do be had (ever heed (known lo bc.jiiammcdand tared,snd did -not laiow wlmtJ |tU4tu£? |£»sBurpc .toward 44 toiad'person " who hnd sd suddenly acquired the right 'to be treated like a gentleman. Guila nhiiin knew bxai'tly wlmt wsis proper under the circumstances ; she flung her arms about Jasper's heck nnd kissed hiin, mid cried, mid clung (o him, niul called him 44 her dear, dear brother" with such jny and iifFrctimi that Mr. Forccy the gnawed liis moustache with convulsive throes of .jealott?)',- fiud'Cnptnin W'nsted wut/jhed lie.r every move ment "with tlie greedy eyes 'of one who, half dead with thirst, sees another quaffing water Tvhicli lie is not to shnrc. 44 This will mnke a groat deal of trouble in the family/' sighed Mrs. Mardegrave lo Mr. Forccvtlie. l4ifnt at nil, Mint," spoke Guiln, quickly, nnd with move haughtiness than she had ever before spoken ; 44 no more ihnn my coming did. Jasper is uiy brother. I will quarrel with him forever, unless lie couscnts to share everything with me. Before to-morrow's sun goes down the papers shall be legally drawn and signed, making him owner henceforth of half my properly. He lins been too long und loo shamefully cheated of hi? birthright — but lie shall have twofold of cvervl liing -iiow." ,l Druve, generous girl 1" thought Captain Winslcd. How fortunate he is to have her for n sister. That alone ought to content him. If she were mine I would bo — content? Not I. There's a sweeter name than sister I'd like to call her hv." Mrs. GraUhel, after looking at the nochlncc. had gone nut into the hull nnd dragged in the shabby old trunk which hud aroused the ire of the fushionnhle footman. 41 This is the trunk of clothing which I tnnk from my mistress' room when I stoic the child," she said. Somehow, I always felt called to keep it by nie. It was on ft sheet of paper, took from there, tlml I wrote n line to iIk- child when he w.i« with the butcher." 44 The mystery of the device, is snlvcd now." said Guiln to Jasper. 44 It must have been ued by your mother, nnd was probably only a fancy seal, not the device uf her Family. When KnLura.tlie night my parents fled to the stock- ado, tool; some uf llicir property from the house to tsave it from tlie pillagers, she took, among other tilings, n small writing-desk, and thi- was afterward given to me, and tire seal wn3 in it, along with pens and wax. 1 took tlmt desk on hoard the Sea Foam with mi1, and used that seal when 1 prepared my letter for llie. buttle." Tlie woman had unlocked the trunk, and v.ns taking out and holding up one article after another. 44 Let them alone." Raid Jasper, stonily ; 41 never touch one of them Qgain," and sinking on his knees by ihc trunk lie reverently touched the rich and dairil) dresses. "When lie took up the box of little gloves lie kissed them aud burst into tears. They were hi? mother's, and she was so young unci pretty, and died so snnn/' murmured Guila, as if iu apology for in? emotion. "Jasper/' she said, tenderly, the next moment, "we have both hnd trouble enough : let us be happy to-night. Our sorrows'' afcl ended, our joys begun. The. trunk shall he' placed iu your room — von know this is half your hou-e now — -whore you can always have it to look ut when you like. I would like vow to shnw your sense of ownership liv inviting Captain AVinsled to visit you here for a few days." 41 Kay," said the sailor, blushing and glow ing. 41 I mu-t go to London to-morrow to re port the loss of my bark, lint i thank you all the same." Again Mr. Forecythc gnawed his moitstnclie. lie nnd Mrs. Mnrdegrnve went off together to condole witii each other. Continued. 