SUNDAY1 SERVICES. Y CHRIST CHPRCH. 1 The Rev E. A. Craw ford preached onSuridayl morning from St Matthew, ' 28tb: chapter; 18thl verse. — " All authority hath been given unto f Me;iri heaven and on earth. Go ye, therefore I arid riiake disciples of all the nations, bantisintrl them into the name of the Father and of the I Soji, and of the Holy1 Ghost ; teaching them to | observe all. things whatsoever I commanded you ; and lo ! I am with you always, even to the i end of the world." All uiiison is founded upon! authority. It is not mere private ndven-J ture;.: It has behind it the unmistakable! commandment .of Him who claims all authority j in. heaven and on earth, and who, by virtue of ? that authority, sends forth His church to 1 disciple all nations. " This is tho authority, not | of a despot, but of infinite love. " He humbled Himself; becoming ; obedient even unto death - ? yea,1 the death of the -.Cross. Wherefore also <! God highly exalted Him,"; and placed him oni the'thi-ono of the universe, "that every tongue s should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, tor the \ glory of God the Father." His kingdom is not I pf. this world ; but it is above all worlds.' It is 1 the'reign of infinite . love, and everything that | opposes it will surely bo broken in pieces. His 1 mission is to all the nations. Therefore the ! English nation is not to he left out. The English I nation, like St Paul, was once a persecutor and 1 injurious. We settled in England by destroying : the British Church of Jesus Christ. Our fore- i fathers were cruel, savage heathens. But like ; St Paul wo have obtained God's mercy.. And : like him we seem to be called to be apostles of the Gentiles. We occupy a special position in the world. Tho fair Saxon children in tho Roman slave market were capable of becoming Christians. No less are the dark-haired chil dren of Now Guinea and Melanesia. After cal ling in vain for years for someone to go to IS en- Guinea, at last four Melanesians from tho Queensland plantations have offered themselves. We owe a debt of gratitude to our bishops for rousing us up to the mission effort. Bishops supply the " diffusive nnd cosmopolitan part of our system." " Tho duty of each community to maintain communication with other com munities" brings the episcopal effort to the front. By their means Christian communities can join hands across the sea, across the plains, across the burning deserts of Australia, and thus realise a true Australian federation. God grant that their communications between the ; 13 dioceses of the English Church in Australia may bind us all together for the preservation of the faith and for its propagation to all tho islands of the south. 