■ BitOAU Aitncrw." A good deal has boon said and written lately as to the damning clearness uf England's critical position in the Medi terranean to-day. It has long been hoped by the services generally, and pro bably by the bulk of the public at largo, that steps would soon be taken by' the Government to at least keep up to our great rival in those seas, and come on equal terms with her. For it has for some time past been apparent that France has not on!}- been making lier Mediterranean Fleet equal to our own, but latterly that she has actually out numbered us. And tliere is every pros pect of her continuing to increase her lead whou we look at the number of vessels she lias in preparation for that ileet, and compare it with our own state of progress. Matters have this week been brought to a bead when the Govern ment, on being asked what stops tliey propose to take with a view to remedy ing this unsatisfactory state of affairs, merely reply, "Nothing." Nothing! Does it mean that we are making pre parations to scuttle out of the Mediter ranean '* It looks like little else. As matters stand it will certainly be a some what expensive matter to make up the leeway that wo have already allowed to intervene. But a few months of doing " nothing," and it will be a very expen sive business, although scarcely so expen sive as giving up the Mediterranean. When war eventually comes, it will mean not merely expense but ruin. England will not then give up her share of the Mediterranean, she will have it taken from her. We would not have it thought that we speak from a pessimist point of view, that we. see ghosts in every shadow. On the contrary we admit the possibility of an alliance with Italy, and the as sistance of her somewhat uncertain ileot; perhaps also with Austria and her torpedo flotilla, and even with Turkey with her fleet from the Golden Horn moorings—if their engines can be per suaded to work. But even with these allies we should still he no match for the French fleet alone; and if we should justly weigh the case, we must also throw into ihe scales the co- operation of the .Russian Mediterranean squadron with the French and, say, at least, the shadow of the other Russian fleet in the Black Sea. So that whether our hands he lied by alliances or not, we are in any case vastly inferior in strength to France. 