MARIGOLD. CHAPTEli VI.— (.Continued.) Meanwhile, Mamie liad scarcely left Hillis when Mrs. Heath's indignant countenance appeared at '. the chamber door. .' That fellow, Manning, has called to Bee you,' she explains. ? 'fMr. Armand wants nothing to do with you,. atter the trouble you've made him !' I exclaimed, when he just stopped me with a meaning smile. ' ' He will tell a different story if yon inform him I am here,' he sneered' As the good woman pause sfor breath, Hillis Eays, calmly, though he has grown very pale, ' Show the gentleman up ;' and, too amazed for words, Mrs. Heath turns away. A moment later, when she shows Harold Manning into the chamber, she would give much to know what passes between those two mortal foes. ' I feel as though there were some mystery be tween those two mon that ib destined to wreck Marigold's life!' she exclaims -when she rejoins her husband. , . ' It is well to look after the motherless lambs, but where is our own ? It seems to me that of late ^ Mamie has not been as bright as usual,' remarks N the rector. . ' She is safely sleeping in her little bed, with no .such bitter-sweet thoughts to disturb her as, I ?warrant, banishes sleep from Marigold's eyes. It is the saddest thing in life when the love-burdens' o£ a woman fall upon the shoulders of a young girl,' . declares the lady; and at that moment, Mamie, , wet and draggled 'from her walk, is knocking ^at Hillis's door, where he joins her and receives the hohey-su'ckle spray. ' Thanks, littla dove of the olive-branch,' he murmurs, as he turns away to press the flowers to his lips. ' Never, in all the world, will his tones thrill so for me!' sobs Mamie, as ahe creeps away to her chamber, there to sob through the rest of the night. Next morning, as Marigold stands by the cottage door, she sees Hillis striding down the garden-path. . With a bound he gains her side and takes her in his arms,, his love-words pouring in her ears. With flushed face she listens to his eager impor tunities for her to set the marriajre-day. ' Let it be at onee, if you love me '.' he cries ; but Marigold demurs. '1 should like to have a grand weddings and the most beantiful gown that ever was seen, and crowds of people!' she declares, with all a young girl's sweet vanity. ? ' Even that need not occasion a delay of over a fortnight,'' declares her lover. And so it is settled. The whole country-side is invited, and great is the furore over beautiful Maid Marigold's good fortune in winning a millionaire husband. As for Marigold, those are the fairest days of hei life. One night, when her lover has been telling her o! the pretty villa he has rented for them in the neigh' borhood, and the dainty furniture ordered for it she suddenly flings herselE into his arms with bit terest sobs. ' I am so happy that sometimes I think it would be better if I could die,' she tells him, in -response to his tender inquiries. The one drawback to her happiness is the fear at times that, despite Hillis'a devotion, he is not as perfectly happy as she. ' There never was a bride so blest as I !' 'she cries, the day Hillis takes her over their new home ; ? and she never notices. how he winces at her 'words. ' I have read in a German legend that if, the first time a bride visits her new home, she presses ' a kiss upon its threshold, no sorrow can ever enter in after her. See, dear !' and she ineels, and bend ing her fair head, lays her dimpled lips to the cold Gill. ' Marigold,' cries her lover, in a strained, hoarse voice, ' if after we have entered here for good, I should be torn from you for months — years — with- out a word of warning or explanation, what would you do ?' 'If I thought there was any danger of that hap pening, I should pray Heaven to strike me dead here, at your feet !' wails Marigold. The' next (Say, when Hillis calls upon her, he finds her filled with indignation. ' Miss Carleton called to sec; me this morning and asked to be shown over our new home,' she cries. 'When we were through she remarked that it was strange that a man of your means should settle down in this remote country place and asked if we were going on a wedding-tour! When I answered no, she said it looked very much as though you had Something to fear o\it in the world, or else were ashamed to be seen in public' with a country bride like ine ;' and the sweet voice ends in sobs. It is pitiful to see how like death her lover's face grows at these words. 'Godhalpme! Can Ethel suspect anything?' he exclaims, under his breath. n*r- 'Hillis, darling, to disprove these vile insinua tions., you will take me on a wedding trip ?' cries Marigold, eagerly. '1 cannot,' answers Hillis ; continuing, as Mari gold hastily withdraws from his arms, ' Oh, love ! do not turn from me ! Trust me and love me, or with your little white bands thrust a dagger through my heart.' So earnest is his musical voice that all Marigold's wrath is disarmed. ' ' _. And so the matter blows over, for it is the spring time of their love. But; Ethel Carleton's innuen does have planted the first thorn in beautiful Maid Marigold's crown of joy ; and more than once, in the days that follow, she asks herself the question .- 'Is there a cruel secret eating my lover's life outp' All this time Ethel moves about like a restless ghost. ' She is taking Armand's marriage far more sen sibly than I expected,' her mother reflects. And yet she admits that there is a strained look, in her daughter's face more menacing than the wildest outburst would have been. Once she ventures to commend Ethel for lier for titude, and thelook'with which the eirl turns unon her sho.never forgets. ' There will be no marriage between those two,' \- declares Ethel; . ?? - However, the . wedding-morning dawns bright and clear. ? Hours before the time set for the ceremony, the carriages of the country gentry sweep past the cot tage, on the way to Forest Chapel. Poorer folks line the path on foot, all coming to see beautiful Maid Marigold made a wife. ' I am a great personage for once,' laughs ' Mari gold to Mamie, who is helping dress the bride up in the little chamber under the peaked eaves, which she is never again to occupy. At that moment there is a greater commotion ?outside. , . -, Both girlsrunto the window in time to see a car riage passing in the opposite direction. from the church, ' . ' Two officers are seated upon the box, and a couple of others occupy the inside. Seated betwaen the latter is a manacled figure of which the wondering girls can oniy catch a glimpse. ' ' Wby has that awful sight passed my window on my wedding-day ? It is a bad omen,' wails Mari gold, her fair face bleaching to thu hue of marble, ' It is the tickot-of-leave convict being taken back to prison,' explains Mamie. ' It seems that, in our State, a criminal sentenced to a term of years can apply for a parole and go at large, if he presents to the Court of Pardons a satisfactory guarantee for his support and proper conduct while on parole. But it appears that this man had broken some of the rules, and been summoned back to prison, where ho must remain for the rest of his term, which is a life sentence.' ' How horrible !' shudders Marigold. But at that moment there is the sound of gay voices beneath the window, and she looks forth to see the school-children, all robed in white and carrying flowers, assembled below. They have coma to conduct the bride to the altar. All the vast throng agree that never wns there such a sight as Marigold, all in nuptial white, heading the youthful band as they walk down the aisle to the altar, where the rector waits. The buzz of admiration is intense. When it subsides, a deathly silence fills the church, broken at last by the query : ' Where is the bride groom ?' Prom tongue to tongue it floats. Sneers begin to curl lips. A titter souads here and there. Mr. Heath leads the deserted bride into the vestry, whither Mamie follows. ' What does it mean ? Where is Hillis ?' whis pers Marigold, with n, death-like face. ' He will be here soon, dear. No doubt papa has sent to inquire,' murmurs Mamie, glancing away from the piteous face beneath the bridal ?veil. ' He will never come !' gasps Marigold. And sd it seems. The messenger returns with the word that Mr. Armnnd left his boarding-house early that morning, and had not been seen since. The grand concourse breaks up in confusion. In this world there are always plenty to envy a young girl the fair face that has won her a lover, and these are now loud in their scorn of Marigold. ' So grand a gentleman as Hillis Armand never meant to wed with a common country chit like her. He has taught her vanity a good lesson, and serves her right !' they cry. In the vestry, Marigold sits white and still as a corpse in its shroud. Meanwhile, Marigold shudders like one awaken ing from a terrible dream, and rising, passes out into the church proper, with such a look of wild, forbidding anguish that even Mamie dare not follow her. As the forsaken bride appears, the crowd opens a passage for her. They seem to hear her murmuring : 1 ' Hillis, where are you ? Oh, my love, how could you leave me to such a fate ?' she moans, as she speeds to the pretty, new home her lover has had fitted up for her. 1 When it is gained, she creeps to the spot in the dainty parlour where she last saw her bridegroom standing, and presses he dimpled lips to it again and again. Passionate sobs shake her frame ; tears that scald as they fall course down her cheeks. Ah ! surely the angels have witnessed few sor rows so hard to bear as hers. In the midst of her passion of grief she hear3 a step, and, springing up, eonfronts Hai'old Manning. ' How dare you intrude here ?' she cries. ' I am on business,' answers Manning, trying not to cry out at the pitiful picture of the poor little bride, with her wedding finery all soiled and awry, her tear-drenched face and desolate eyes. 'This is Mrs. Carleton's cottage,' he continues. ' Armand had not yet paid the rent when he dis appeared. Therefore, the owner forbids your tres passing in it, uuder penalty of the law.' Marigold's little curly head drops. A sob breaks over her quivering lips. ' You will let me stay here a few hour3— only until I get used to the thought of life apart from Hillis ?' she prays. ' Not a moment,' declares Manning. And, with a moan of despair, the girl turns and reels out of the house. ' Are you up there, papa ? Won't you send for me ? Life is too cruel,' her white lips whisper, as she gazes at the radiant heavens that seem mock ing her terrible woe. Mechanically, her tired feet turn toward the old , home. As she reaches it she sees that her furniture is , set out upon the green. ? . , In the door stands a grim-faced man, whom she recognizes as a servant from Carleton Hall. ' Come, get along from here ?' he exclaims, as the trembling girl leans wearily against the porch post. 'Mrs. Carleton's seen too much of you already, a-eheatin' of her out of months of rent. She'll put your furniture up at auction this after noon, but it won't fetch half what you owe her.' ' But what is to become of me ?' gasps Marigold, standing white and cold in the sunlight. ' Clear out of the country,' answers the servant. 'A girl forsaken at the very altar is a stigmatized character that the community is all the better for bein' without;' and in the next instant the door cf her old home is slammed in Marigold's face. 'There is nothing leffc for me but death,' she moans, ss she passes down the garden-walk, beside which the tall hollyhocks and sunflowers nod and whieper to one another as in happier days. As she turns into the woodland path, she does not see that Efchel Carletou is approaching the cottage from the opposite direction. At the gate the heiress pauses, and at that moment a horseman thunders into sight. He stops his steaming horse at the gate, and looks hard at the young lady leaning over it. . ' Are you Miss Marigold St. Croix ?' he inquires, as he balances a letter in one hand. Ethel catches a glimpse of the handwriting on the envelope, and her heart gives a bound as she recognizes it as Hillis's. ' Yes,' she answers, and reaches for the missive, which the man gives her. 'I promised the gentleman T would place it in no hand but yours, Miss St. Crox,' he says, earnestly. 'And, oh, miss ! I couldn't begin to deliver all the messages he sends you besides. .He seemed to be in grievous trouble.' ? ? ? ' Wait until I read the letter,' commands Ethel, as she hurries to the cottage. , ' A moment earlier and Marigold must have met him, and all would have beon lost,' she muses, tearing open the letter. As she scans its contents, her lips twitch with agony at the passionate, endearment of the love terms lavished upon her rival. ' ' How madly he loves her !' she mutters. ' What would you say, Hillis Anuand, if you know that it was »-iy hand that dashed the cup of joy from your lips just as you were about to quaff it?' She seats herself at Marigold's desk, and taking a sheet of the beautiful paper that was one of the costly trifles which Hillis was wont to Bhower upon his love, pens these few lines : ' I will never forgive your base deception of me. It has turned my love for you to hatred. I wonder that you dare ask me to join you, and have the marriage ceremony performed yet. I scorn the proposition. I shall be Harold Manning's wife within a few hours. Never attempt to communi cate with me again, for I shall return your letters unopened. ' Marigold.' Sealing and directing the cruel falsehood, she gives it to the messenger, and watches him depart with a smile of exultation. ' All things come to him who knows how to wait,' she quotes. ' And I would wait half a cen tury to become Hillis's wife for one short year.' (To be continued.) 