The StoryrTisiler. ISE SECOND-CLASS CAB ?????^?-?????!- num. .; \--.*-?.?'? t J t sM»s»a»js»»a«B»: *««HuB»,Vhat did you mean by patting «i»» into* haunted carriage.' : -. The startling interrogation m uttered ly C/ril Blak«, as, springing out on to the JoenhirffH railway platform, he cams full butt ?gainst the person he addressed. Cyril Blake, architect and artist, .had, after a period of muon.ov*rworj£» aocepwa Uto friend John Greenwood's, invitation to Mae -# fc^ deyB with hinv*d Mb family *t$eechwood. The architect had regarded tKfa '.«mportun%.' outing', as a meroy of ftorj&noe;, lot lately he had, been Attacked vhi4h is neither sleeping «n waking, but £Wit^1#f«liar«^i«toi1-nBea our mental power* anil naturally, at the age ? ~- |FtwM£%hV hi fait nWnud. ; ? jS/J'ipki' Jte ^wa^pd/ g^pooiUyf ' p«» getting 'dotty-' I stall never males old ^ones—that is, with my intellect.' ^jjjpahl yoVve heen over-riding your ijijwilgl P«pnmii:i tlintV ~' In a week I'm jSjJw home T'itib jBeeohwood. Come down while I'm there. We'll take no end of fr*eh\ air on bioyelejfc and, for the while, j,hn-h work toflldmbV*' ' J« JDAy»« mean it. J«* * « Do I ever aay anything. I don'tf le i' 4m*V: u-_, ,..,-. .... ...„ . . ^Doae it is, pld fallow; Til come.' ?-? *Gjttt Stake instantly set to work to rgMar oft *U imperative business, then, with & greJtf' sense of relief, *hnt the door of his ahambtrs, was driven to Paddington, and azisoonoed himself comfortably in a second* «ttaa ouriage. Hie two fellow-passengers ilBllfr?.** ABbnrban etatioBs, when, aware IV.VSUfA oe tong dbeois wen wh uiaiuar atpp^jttw jarpMtect, quite against the oom pMDjyiafoles^rmt hia feet on the cushions, .*gci opened .his paper. \- .^?Before many minutes, however, that /dloirsy -inclination for «leep, whieh caused him much anxiety, .attacked him. The Daily News dropped on his knees, hia ohirt .dfojgpfd.on hi» ohest ; the whirr and rush ijef^tbejrheels served as a soothing lullaby, .«Hg,jt&ae; slipped by unheeded.. -'? -T**tihie upon 'htm was not sleep. He : nerenlset consciousness of where he -was, '_-ot.)thi;1tpund of the train, and even saw, »OWi#»d again, the nelas and hedge-tow* ?ft«*ty,ft9dby./ : ?izSaa'denly, h» heard the warning shriek of the whistle. The next instant he was -iniiajtkneas. . . M&. tunnel,'1 ho murmured, dreamily, then found! himself ..; staring straight before Wmn - , . ..; ' 'What was that ooldy gray light, or, -TOltberJ dust or cloud, in the opposite fettisMfe? -^ It must be some refracted zay— ? 0 from whence f Good Heavens, it was tak ing «hilpel The dim outline of an old gentleman, leaning back da the corner sound asleep. Was he, the arohitect, him*. ?tJLfjaiteen or was it some cozening of the -.JaaJtvf...- ' . . ' ? \-- 43yriL Blake did, or fancied he did, blink . 41s; «yes, then looked, egaixt. Almost with -» cry he sat swiftly ereot, Before the old gentleman, was now the shadowy outline of -another figure, a much younger man, \- who was leaning forward -with an eager, '? anxious expression on his -visionary fea tures, whioh the architect caught in profile gazing at the elderly Bleeper, JSvsu as the architect sat up, the train daebtd into broad day, and he found him . ?elf.-alone, ? ' Thens was it creepy, uncanny sensation «pon him, which, however, he speedily threw o*. \- « Whatever put such a thing as that in iriy head!' be muttered, Teeutning Mb ' former position. '? By Jove I it's weU I've '??jftpuek work, or I expect it would have ? 'obon'been all TJ P. My nerves must, be in * shocking state.' ~ Again the whining, rushing lullaby, again the shrill whistle, again the tempor . fcry'JarkiMWB arousing hint. Instinctively, ? his eyea sought the corner opposite. Again the shadows were there. Now still more distinot. The elder yet slept ; the younger was bending neatet, as a cat tooneheB, ready to spring. Onoo more the arohitect rose, with a cry, pal&y;'of tenor, when again darkness gave place to day. There were the fields and ; !?ne tonshiae. ^, ,-|yril Blake, pale and anxious, sank back, \ ? Jii»;.flnger on his pulBe. 5\. ; j:'^J wish fd consulted a physician before ;?;' .iT.jliit town,' he . thought, uneasily, '?This is getting serious. Of course it^s a , IriMfOf the brain. I have not got quite so '*. Jfpp&ilf;*. ?« to believe in ghosts. I wonder ' A^MTe are any more tunnels t It it come Ji«hlTd lime, 111 take it for » sign. ':. . . Half wishing for, ha'i nervous of, a third . «xpenjamoe, he waited. Twenty minutes— '? ajgafn the warding thistle. Cytil Blake '_ ?Iceady was gacibg into the cornere, A rart^-flsTimssa, .? ; ^.'.Thsa, .by r, sudden impulse he sprang Sorwwl 1h» figures were there indeed, only the younger was' now at the elder's th»»t. . - ' The architect taw it in a flash. The nsstntomsst they were -out of the tunnel. Tn* .vision )nA gone. Breathless, he dropped on to the seat. ?'? 'Thine mart be something mote in this than a- dream,' ha thought. « At any rate, t shall get into another carriage at the next ?tstiffti.** Not firs minutes before he knew they wart approaching one. Thank goodness it was Beeehwood itself, , Hastily he gathered together his impedi wento and, sprang out, nearly on to the i0wrd,.at whom he launched that interro ' Haunted f repeated the official, with ih« pnmraenoenifiiit of a grin, but there it ?toj^p^d. 'Good Lord I' he added, mezzo voob. ,jCh«n, ' Praps, dr, you won't mind futi*fjn» what yon meanr* ▼hils' the szoUtact, adopting a jesting *ou, wffiplied, the guard examined the .carriage, ' Well, this bests oook-fighiint,'' he *ja culatod. ' It's Jfce most curions. thing I overheard. Three yeaw ago an old gentle man was murdered and cobbed in tiiis vefy maiqp.' ??'?[ -?'/.? . ?'? « And the murderer f' asked the awhl teot, aghast* , . . .? u Eecaped^-the -police never got a due to him. ? Excuse me, sir, time's up.' ' I say, Blake, are yon going to stand there all day f Come on 1' called a voice. The architect, looking In the direction, saw » sociable, drivsn by Jack Greenwood, in which were seated his two sisters ; while on the box, by his aide, was another young girl, with s pale, beautiful face, that seemed at once to nip into Cyril Blake's heart, despite sadness in the shadowy gray eyes — a sadness for which the sable clothes she wore quite accounted^ - 'Here , we are , all' come to meet yon,' proceededV Jaok. « Be quick, old fellow; the horse is fresh.' Iiesving his luggage to he forwarded, Cyril hurried in to, the road,' went rapidly through the form of introduction* took his place in the carriage with tha two pretty sisters of his friend— merry, pleasant girls — and Jaok gave the horse its head. Now the most natural thing would have been, apparently, for tbe arohitect to speak of-the strange experience he had just bad. Bos, the truth was, the guard's communi cation, following -upon, what he had Just dreamt or seen, had shaken his nerves ; and, as he could no longer treat the matter «s a jest, he 'dreaded the laughter of his merry companions. Besides, Jaok was 4ring question after question over his shoulder ; and besides, again Cyril Blake was much absorbed br the beautiful face, which now and then, -with ita sad, sweet emile, looked down at. tbe ''waggon-load of magpies,' as Jaok impertinently termed them. \- He would wait -until he and Jaok were alone. But this did not come off before they retired to the Bmoking-room, after supper. By that time time the architect's mind had been occupied by quite another matter. He mada no secret to himself that he had fallen desperately in love with Mabel Greame, his friend's cousin. Never had he felt greater pleasure than the knowledge that Jaok was engaged to a girl in London. Next to that was an agreeable sensation that Mabel bad rather taken to him. Thus, after he lit his cigar, the first sub ject he spoke about was not his journey down, but Mabel, extolling her beauty, her sweetness, her intellect « She is a sweet girl,' said Jack. « But let me .give you a word of advice; Don't fall in love with her.' 'Why not f Of course, if I did,' re marked the architect, colouring, M I should not insult her by addressing her on the subject {while she wears the garb of sor row.' w She has worn that garb of sorrow, as you term |it, for three years, and, in all probability, will for another three, if not for life. It is in fulfilment of a vow, I'll tell you why. JnBt three years ago, on the very line you travelled to-day, her father was murdered and robbed ? ' ' Good Heavens 1' cried the architect. 'What's tbe matter P Don't look so soared, old fellow.' ' Scared t . listen, Jack, and confess I have cause.' ' Jack did listen, incredulously, interested, then oonvinoed. «'It'a strange,' he said; 'certainly, ' there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy.' I'm glad you have not mentioned it to anyone but me, and, please, don't. It would pain the poor girl infinitely. Again, I repeat, do not fall in love with her, for, in truth, she is more than half engaged to Reuben Dorman, a friend and proltgi of Her father's.' ' Cyril Blake's heart dropped in his boots. 'But she has made a vow never to marry, and never to leave off mourning until the murderer of her father is discov ered. She has set Reuben the task to find him.' ' Will she wed the man who makes the findf' the arohiteot asked. «' I don't know. WbyF1 « Because I saw his face as plainly as I see yours, and should know it among a thousand;' ?'That is something,' agreed Jack. ' But you may never come acrosB him.' They talked for some while, then separ ated, tha arohitect to plunge and. toss in bed, as be tnougnt ot jnaDei ureame, and the strange event in the second-class car riage. The next day a whole succession of amusements, chiefly out-door had already been planned. In . fact, it was a jolly time, yet never once could Cyril shake what Jack bad told him from his mind, Mabel had grown to him an object of etill greater interest, and— it was absurd to blind VitmftflM to the fact— she certainly had taken to him. Not until dark did they come trooping home, up the garden, and through the open glass doors into the lighted drawing-room, where Mr. and Mrs. Green wood sat talking to a gentleman, familiarly standing against themantelpiec& The girls entered first, wheraupom he came forward to greet them, The architect, ? landing outside, laid a sudden grip upon hia friend's arm, his dilated eyes directed at the drawing-zoom interior. « What'e the matter, old fellow F' « This,' in a low, agitated tone, slowly extending his arm. 'That is the man who murdered Mr. Greame.' ' He P Reuben ! Nonsense, Blake ; don't be absurd. We have known him fat years. You don** know what you are saying. My unole was bis best friend——1' ' And he was your uncle's murderer, Jaok, Fm certain. And, be assured of this, for your cousin's sake, I will not rest night or day uattl I have proved my accusation true or false.' 'Look hers,' remarked Jack, after a pause, 'coma to my room, sad talk it over,' ': For the next few days the arohiteot *nd Jack w.eco very much occupied.-- - fxsQu^uHy^ Cyril Blake went up to town. ' ' 'What are yon two eoaspiretors plott ing P' asked Flo Greenwood, merrily. «J hope it is something amusing f* '* 'Very,'' responded' Jack, grimly. Then, ' There— there usea be no secret about it. Ton sill have 'wished to oee' the vnia%hr lantern photographs of the Indiw temples, Chinese pagodas, and Italian ohurorfe's, Blake has sketchedP Well, we are tijing if we oan't give you an evening's enter tainment.' 'Ohl delightful,' cried Flo and Louie. 'How very kind of you,' murmured Mabel, with a glance that set Cyril's blood jumping through his veins, and caused the bud of hope to burst almost into flower 'of certainty. « When will it bet' ? ' ' Next Thursday week, I think,' replied the arohiteot, confusedly rather, and with* an expression in his eyes which made Mabel avert hers,-not with offence, more like regret, for he was sure hs caught a stifled whispered sigh. 'Jack,' said the architect, scon after, ' I am oonvinoed your cousin doesn't ewe for that fellow.' ' Not a brass farthing ; she cares -for you.' . ? v ' ? ?' Thank you, old man; Well, Pm^gblng to tell her all about it before the day. She should be warned.' 'Don't be rash, Blake. If you are wrongP' ' I am not wrong ; I am right decidedly. I've -watched the villian'e every move. Be sides, have we not now . ' « Very well,' broke in Jack, « X believe you are right.' On the Wednesday, therefore, the archi tect and Mabel strolled out together through the grounds, and, when quite alone he told her. « Qood gracious, Mr. Blake,' she ejacu lated, turning pale, ' it can't be. I'll not believe it.' Upon that he related everything from first to last. 'Oh, Heaven I' ehe cried, in horror. ' How shall I met him f' '?Miss Greame, you must aot your. part, as we are acting ours. That you, w^lldo so, I am certain.' ' fewSi ' I will,' she answered, resolutely, put ting .her band in his. -? But. how can. I thank you for doing all this ?' There was something in her face that made him eay P ' Do you not know, Mabel, why I have done UP' Blushing, she bowed her head, . 'Only tell me this,*' he whispered. 'May, I hope f' ' Then she looked up straight into his face. ' M The dearest man to me on earth,' she said, « will be he who avenges my poor father.' ~ \- Then,' he cried, ' am I happy, in deed.' The Thursday arrived. All the day, the room set apart -for the exhibition had been tabooed to everyone but the architect and Jack, who— to keep them quiet, he said — gave the girls the task of writing out tbe audience's names on slips of paper to be affixed to tbe chairs so as to avoid eonfu 'And mind, our rules may no more be violated than the Medes and Persians.' Finally, the evening itself was 'there. With much merriment the. company came flocking in, Jack . acting as Master of CeremonieB, ushering each to his place, and seeing they took it. As Reuben Dor man's wsb next to Mabel's he made no ob jection. Then the gas was turned down. There was the huge disc, whereon was soon represented Turkish mosqueB, Italian ruins and Buddhist temples. Suddenly, in the midst of these appeared an old country churchyard, ' Why, it's Trinity Church, Beeehwood,' was the cry. Ere it ceased, slowly it faded, and out of it grew the interior of a second-class rail way carriage with one ocoupant — Mabel's father, standing erect, hia arm pointing ont a certain spot among the audience, hie brow darkened with anger, while a hollow voice, as if from the figure's lips exclaimed: ' Murderer— Cain I Thou art the man !' A quiok, sharp cry. From whom? Swiftly the gas was highered, And there, erect, ghastly pale with horror, his strained eyes fixed upon the dim disc, stood Beuben Dorman, self-accused. - % ???' At the same instant a man seated behind : him put his hand on his shoulder. It re called the wretched villain, who uttered his condemnation with his own lips. 'It is a He— it is false I' be gasped. 'Take off your hand. I swear, by Heaven, taminnooent!' 'Qui fexcute, t'oeewe' muttered Jaok, while the architect, stopping sternly for ward, said — « Denial is useless. All is discovered, Yes, even io the hidden weapon.' Beuben Dorman gave a shriek, and dropped, as though struck down, to the floor. Three mouths later, there appeared in the morning papers — 'On the 12th, at Trinity, Beeohworth, Cyril Blake to Mabel Greatne, &e.;' It is long ago now, but the arohiteot hits had no return of visions, either in second clsas carriages, or anywhere else. 