UNDER THE SHADOW s OF CRIME ; OR, m MYSTERY OF CLEMENT .DONEAVEN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. I ' I ; By JEAN MIDDLEMASS. ; ' : . Author bp . "A -GIRL IN A- THOUSAND," 1 « SEALED, BY A KISS," " BY FAIR -MEANS, " &o.; " Ui YiUOIIT.j ' 11HAPTER VI, — (Continued). " AV ould it not be as well to sell or let the cottage and tuke a situation?" he hsked. " Liuly Mareia Foljambo or Lady Gertrudo Dunrnven would, l am sure, interest;. theni.soivcs in obtaining one for you:" '-A Lisbeth sliivored frotn Iiond to foot, ns, if a sudden gust of cold wind had entered, tho room in which she sat. Lady Qortrudo Dunva.ven interesting herself for her ; great heavens, it was more than she could hear I She managed, however, to suppress her emotion, and to say — "I do not know if T could go to service, I am not accustomed to other people's ways, and I have never been trained." You arc not too old to. learn, and yqu are clever and quick, lie said,, laughing. "Rut have you formed no, plan for. your future life?" , Perhaps I might nurse sick peoplo or take in children to bring up. I should like to stay on at the cottage, but it-all depends on — : — ." " On what ?" he asked, still think ing she had learnt about her father; whereas she was thinkiug of Clement. " Well, on a hundred and fifty things," she answered. I can settle nothing until I get homo and hare righted the old place up a bit-.' But it is very kind of you, Sir . Miles,, to interest yourself in me, nnd I feel truly grateful to you." "You will lot me help you — if I can ?'! he inquired, speaking earnestly. "Remember we are very old friends. I ,can recollect you as a tiny child when you used to ride about on old Josh's back. Promise you will let me help you." ' V The tears, came into Lisboth's eyes. "If ever you can help me I promise to ask you," she said, " but I expect I shall have to work on like other women. Now I think I roust be going. I have already taken up too niuch of your time." 'f She rose as she spoke;, and putting on . her gloves, while Sir Miles paid the bill, they left the restaurant to gether. Once in Oxford-street they both un thinkingly looked round to see that her importunate wuylayor was not in sight. He had departed, in all probability ievor again to cross Lisbeth's path:; but someone far more to' be feared in the future met them face to face and stopped to speak in a jeering tone. The newcomer was Pierce V aughan. CHAPTER VII. . Raisikq a Ghost. It is the month of roses, . Glorious sunny Juno. The gardens /round Aboyrie Court aro radiant w ifh' per fume, and the house too is tilled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Gorl'1'ucle worships beauty in ajl is. forms, and roses are her especial' passion: Curious old ohina bowls from almost every known pottery manufacture botli in -and out of Europe1 stand about in unexpected nooks and corners, and aro filled everywhere with the quoen of flowers. But in . the library is the greatest profusion. It; is -Lady Gertrude's favorite room, sis it , was Sir Louis's ; perhaps for the reason that it iB tjib sunniest in the house, and from it French windows open on to a terrace, | beyond which lies, the litwn. and a panorama oE fertile scenory stretching I far away for miles. The library is scarcely, however, the staid, bookwormy room it was before tbo old baronet died. With new heir/ ship liavo come new ways, and Sir Clement professing himself to be abso lutely indiflemnt as to what changes are made Lady Gertrude hus tilled the room with her woman's knick-knacks, almost to tho obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the bookshelves. It is in tlie 'library. that Lndy Gertrudo receives her intimates for five o'clock tea, tho drawing-room being reserved for gala days, of which as yet thero had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any .largo gathering, giving as an ..excuse . .tho' plea that it is too soon as yet after his uncle's death for them to invite thoir friends, except quite quietly. In this, no oho can gainsay ' him, yet it is scarcely Clement; Dunraven's real motive for objecting; to 'society. The fact is ho is a changed'' man since his marriage, is perpetually starting at shadows; and the intercourse with his fellows in which he used to doliglit' now frightens him, He skulks- about the grounds for tho most part alone, ; and is tlie very shadow of the once genial Clement, in spite of his accession to; wealth and title and the fact of his being the pos sessor of tho most charming little wife in all the countryside. '.'Everyone notices the;, change, even Lady Gertrude, so backward as rule, to think thero is aught amiss with her Clement, They are standing together at the library window, looking out ovor those broad acres which are all his now. Her hand is on his shoulder, her pretjty eyes are looking up into his face, ' " What ails you, Clem. darling, I feel sure that you have some worry. , Why nob confide in your own Gerty ? You will never hove a truer -or more sym pathetic friend than your wifo." " Thero is nothing the matter, Gerty.- I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it is to ask these foolish questions." She shook her head and pretended not to see the irritability of rnannor by' which these words wero accompanied. " You are deceiving me, you naughty darling. If nothing is worrying you, why aro not you cheery and laughing as you used to be ?" " I suppose because I : have respon-: sibilities now which I had not then. One cannot always be a.boy, my child. A good deal depends on me now which I had not to think of a few months, ago. You forget that I am a staid Benedick." She turned from him with a pout. " That is just it, you are sorry you married' me, and you never cease re gretting it." What could he say 1 How answer this unexpected outburst.. Was it not the truth ? IIi3 answer somewhat astonished her, it seomed to come so really from his heart... "Gerty, never, never say that again. Unless you wish to make me too hor ribly unhappy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you."| And yot, did he not regret it more and more, each hour he lived 1 Aye, regretted it the more intensoly because ho was learning to love after a fashion this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. She was not the passionate desire of his heart, as. hud been Lisbeth, nor could he ever feel that ardent longing for any other woman;; still, he loved sweet Gertrude. And by the strange anomalous crookedness of his nature it wAs 'Lisbeth, not Gertrude/ whom he had of late begun to regard as the in truder. If the truth evqr camo out, he would lose G erf rude — there lay his fear. He could trust Lisbeth, -.ay, to the death ;'-then why need lie quake-? Yet it'would be better if sho were'dead' — she and her child, whoso existence was such a reproach and remorse to him. Could he be a really happy man until they were both laid in their graves ? Each day ho was more and more iir pressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. They wero both well and strong. He must bear his burden us ligfitly as lie could and make life as happy ns possible for the dear confiding little wife who had trusted him so completely I hat sho had asked no questions about his past. It was therefore a terriblo shock to liirn to discover that she fancied he re- grotted his marriage. He did not regret it ; was not Lady, Gertrude tho woman in the right place, far more fitted to bo chatelaine of Aboyne Court than tho lowly Lisbeth ?. He could bo perfectly happy and con- . tented with his lot if fear and remorse,' those twin demonesses, would nob ob trude themselves so freely nnd render his life one long agony. : And if Gertrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these cease-, less reminders -life would become utterly unbearable. Hence the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her sus-r picions. She knew at "once that she had wounded him, and tears of sorrow and repentance came into the eyes that gazed into his. ."'My Clem, my beloved," she said, " forgive me. It was mere foolish ness that made me speak so. You have spoilt me until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. Forgive me — you will ?" Her arms were about his neck and his head drawn down to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kiss on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler announced— " Mr. Pierco Yaughan." Always, as usual, on the wrong spot at the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan .walked in with the stereotyped Mephis tophelean smile which usually ' irra diated his sinister countenance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Pierce (Vaughun was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the conviction that he was laughing at her for being a little fool. So ho was, but for a very different Veason to any little Lady Gertrudo \rould ever have guessed. He did nob appear to have noticed anything ' un usual on his entrance, and held out his hand to the present . owners; of Aboyne Court witli much : apparent cordiality. "We have not seen you for some time, Pierce," said Sir Clement a little, drearily. "Where are- you staying?" "At Lady Mareia Foljambe's. She is tho only individual about here who rover invites me now. Sir Louis is dead." \- "What a reproach," cried Lady Gertrude, " unmerited too, for we have been aWay so much and are scarcely settled here even now. Of course, you know you are as welcome now ns you were in Sir Louis's time. Are you not Clement's cousin ?" She looked round at her husband expecting him to endorse this almost gushing welcome, but she was disap pointed by the very cool manner in which he said, (to be coxti.nued.) 