HOW HE TAUGHT HEE TO PLAY CHESS. " Nelly, love," said Mr. Rookby, looking -up from his paper. " Yes, dear." "This is certainly an excellent sugges tion." " What is that, dear F " " Some eminent chess-player proposes that daring this year, while there is so much interest shown in the game, each player, should teach a novice how to play." " Yes, dear." "But that is not all," Mr. Rookby went on; " another eminent player has suggested that each player should teach the game to a woman, so as to extend its field. Now, that seems to me a really promising pro ject." "How funny!" " fanny ? " asked Mr. Rookby, a little puzzled. "What is there funny about it? I was thinking that;I might do my. share 'by teaching you to play. "What do you say to that?" ; "What! You teach your wifey to play old . chessicuma ? You old lovey, you.! Course it will!": "Well, suppose I jget the board .and men? ■ / "Why, of course! < Hut 'wait a moment, And I'll tell Sarah to bring upsomecocoa and biscuits—or would you prefer tea? You can have coffee, *f you'd rather; and then yve'U have a really.coBy time." .,, ■', I('3oh't .eaire.' 'It won'^ take long. 1^'bringih^ in here, apd you Cah ," But you haven't told me which to have. Sha'.l I say tea ? " " Tes; make it tea. Or, no, say cocoa. I' don't really care.*" " You don't take any interest in it, John." " Coffee, then, my darling," said Mr. Rookby, absent-mindly, as he arranged the chessmen*. The coffee and biscuits were ordered, and they sat down at the table. " The game, my dear," said Mr. Rookby, " is, after all is said and done, very simple." " Why, I've always heard that it was a very studied game." "Of course. So it is, in a measure." " But why do they study over it, if it is so simple ? " "Well, it's like billiards. It's very simple to learn, but you can show any amount of skill in playing it." " Can I ? Why, that is very flattering of you to say that. Let me see, I think I know something about it. Is that one of the dear little pawns ? " " No, Nelly, that's a bishop." "But it isn't fat enough for a bishop. And if s broken. The head has a piece cut out. We must .have a new one, now that we are going to play regularly." "But that's the way they make them. That iB meant to represent the bishop's mitre, you know." "Why, how interesting! I think chess is lovely!" " And this is the knight." " What does he do ? " " He moves one move straight, and then one move sideways." " Oh, yes. Are these the chessmen that Uncle Henry gave you on your birthday ? " " I believe so." " It was lovely of him to remember how fond you were of chess. I don't suppose he ever imagined I would learn so soon, did he P" " I don't believe he did. And this is the rook, or castle." " But it's too small for the knight. He's as big as the castle. He couldn't get into it to save his life. What's this ? " "That's the queen. She is the most powerful piece on the board." "Yes? Chess is delightful! Where did Uncle Henry find out that you knew how to play ? " "I don't know. We used to play to gether a great deal." " You did ? Why, you never told me about it. Ah, I know why! I've found you out, you sly man ! You used to gamble with him!" " Nonsense! " said Mr. Rookby. " No body ever gambles at chess. It's a game of skill—of pure science. There's no luck in it." " Do you mean to say that one person always wins ? " "Yes, except for accidents, the best player wins." " Could you beat Uncle Henry ? " " No, dear. He is a very fine player." "What? That shrivelled-up old man beat my John ? Do you mean, my dear, that he has a finer intellect than you have." "Why—eh—no ! I don't suppose he has. But he has played longer than I have." " I dont care if he has. I believe you could beat him if you tried. Don't you ? " "And this my dear, is the king. The object of the game is to mate the king." " But isn't he already mated P Who's the queen ? " "Why, she's just the queen. And you set them up this way. Queen on her own color is the rule." " That isn't her own color." " Why not ? " "The queen's red, and you're putting her on a black square." " I know, I know. But it's the same thing." " Red and black the same thing ? " " It's the Bame thing in chess." " Why, I thought it was such a logical game!" " Well, now, it's your move we'll say." "Oh, John, I forgot to ask you—but did you post that letter this morning ? " "I think so. Yes, oh, yes! Now, the first time you move you can move a pawn two squares." " Does that mate the king ? " " No; of course not." "Then what is the use of doing it? Seems to me it's a waste of a move. Can't I just move out and mate your king ? But here's the coffee. Will you take sugar in it P You know they say it's better for the digestion to take it clear, but Never mind, dear. Move the pawn. I don't mind at alL And there's the baby crying. You'd better make a few moves to get it started, while I go and see to her. Don't put them away; I'll be back when baby goes to sleep. And shall I bring down my accounts ? We can go oyer, them after we finish the game.' 1 enjoy, it very much. I do, really?" - , . . ; ' Mr. Rookby put the men back into the box, ashis wifeleftthe room! ' And when he pickednp hrn paper, his faice wore a sar donic smiley and'he thrned abriiptly to the political editdrials. ■ A Box party.—The Christmas shopper. An empty stocking can be pronounced a false yarn. You can't blame a theatrical company for being spiritless when the ghost won't walk. •The mbheya, man tucks kwaly iii' his iiiside pocket .may be looked upon as a vested 'secu&ty.; 1 ' 1 Proprietor—" What's the row at that bargain cburiter? "1 Floorwalker — "No rCw at alL ' A party of College girls are aniong the crowd, and.are working .to the front by a flying wedge." The ironfounder may be a large-propor tioned man, but he never yet, in hi6 busi ness, succeeded in casting a shadow. Blobbs—" Why do you call your girl a silent belle? " Slobbs—" Because I kissed her and she never tolled." When^you speak to a youth about book learning these days he thinks you are fresh from the race track. The boiler-maker with oratorial tenden cies ought to have little trouble in riveting the attention of his hearers. It argues no lack of ability in a boy that he doesn't make an opening for himself by going skating on too thin ice. " Your neighbor appears to have failed a great many times." "Just twenty-four times. The next will be his silver bank ruptcy." " What is your objection to private theatricals?" he asked of the sour-faced man. "The publicity that is invariably attached to them," was the reply. She—"I wonder if there will be any thing to talk about in the next world!" He—" Oh, yes. You know there is always something to say on the other side." May—" What made you tell that horrid Miss Stumble that she danced like an angel?" Arthur — "Because I thought they never danced, and neither will she." Visitor—" And which is the older, Tommy, you or Willie!" Tommy—"We're tie." Visitor (mystified)—"What do you mean by tie ? " Tommy—" We're twins." Life is full of disappointments. Many a girl who expects to marry and settle down finds she has to settle away up on the top floor of a ten-storey tenement house. Wearied Father—"They say that no matter how one suffers, some one has suf fered more. All the same, they couldn't beat me in this business, for I have walked this child the entire night for six years." Mother (calmly)—" Yes, Henry dear; but suppose you lived near the polo, where the nights are six months long." 