ACADEMY OF MUSIC,. COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT. A varied and very enjoyable programme 14 was presented at the Academy of Music P last evening, on the occasion of the com plimentary benefit to Herr and Madame Siebert. The attendance was not numer ons, a fact which must be regretted, for the recipients of the benefit a ere always to the fore in any effort for assisting others, and C the entertainment was of a really excellent S character. Herr Siebert has for some time A directed thel Orpheus Orchestral Society, - and the pieces played by that musical a body last evening were an evidence of his power of communicating to his pupils what they ought to do, there being in the F two selections a significance of musical a agreemeLt The pieces played were the o overture " Pique Dame" and the '' Baby- n lonian selection," introducing popular and h recent airs, and both were heard with a pleasure. While referring to the Orpheus a Society, a very pleasing recognition of the t] director's efforts was given during an t interval, when Mr Oscar Balfe pre- t] sented to Herr Siebert a handsome b illuminated address, which -set forth c the appreciation of the members of the society of the cheerful assistance that had I been given by Herr Siebert to past move- sj ments, and their regret that he was leaving r; the colony, and that they were therefore a losing so capable an instructor, who had also rendered very valuable services to lovers of music in the city since his arrival here. They wished him and Madame i Siebert long life, happiness, and success. t Herr Siebert returned thanks in appro priate term, and was heartily applauded by the audience. Speaking of the musical prortion of the programme last evening, Miss Ida Cox was heard to advantage in Cowen's setting of "The better land," t which she sang with sympathetic expres. sion, and she also sang Tosti's " Beauty's eyes" with a tenderness that was delight ful to listen to. Mr R. A. M'Eachern received applause for his rendering of the songs "The island of dreams" (Adams) } and "The lost chord," while the humourous songs given by Mr W. H. Savigny were received with great appre ciation, he being encored each time. He sang the eccentric ditty " Grandmama's song" (Corney Grain) and George Gros smith's " See me reverse," and as encore pieces " The philanthropic man" and " By the Mississippi." Mr Savigny has a special aptitude for this class of music, and is always welcomed. One of the most enjoyable musical numbers of the evening was Pin suti's fine composition "The Bedouin's love song," given by Mr Fred. Ferguson, who sang so well that the encore was undeniable. In response, he repeated the last verse, which was really what was desired. An instrumental quintet by Messrs Lorkin, Joscelyne, Young, Dunne, and Herr Siebert was heartily applauded. The programme was diversified with dramatic selections, which formed an interesting feature of the entetainment. Mr Oscar Balfe recited with his well-known power "The eve of Waterloo," with music indica tive of the several scenes pictured in Byron's poem. The effect cf the recital was dramatic, and the audience accorded the reciter well deserved applause. The principal dramatic selections, however, were Shakespearean. In the first part the balcony scene from "Romeo and Juliet" was given, Mr Charles P. Hammond appearing as 3 Romeo and Mrs Oscar Balfe as Juliet. The scene was played with naturalness, and the poetic beauty of Shakespeare's language in the dialogue between the lovers was recited in such a manner as to please readers of the author, and instil a desire in the hearts of the audience to hear Mrs Balfe in the full play. The ghost scenes from Hamlet were equally good. In these Mrs Balfe appeared as Queen of Denmark, Mr Balfe as Hamlet, and Mr C. P. Ham mond as the Ghost. Mrs Balfe's reading of the character of the Queen was unde niably good in the closet scene, and free from stage artifice, her acting eliciting very warm applause. Mr Balfe, as Hamlet, played with commendable taste. There was an evidence of power and correctness, and he showed that he hbad applied himself to a study of the character. He played a good scholarly Hamlet in the two scenes, and was heard by Shakesperean scholars with much satis faction. Mr Hammond played, as the ghost of the decuased Dane, very credita. bly, as had been expected of him. The entertainment throughout was enjoyable. It should be mentioned that Miss Kate Richardson assisted Miss Ida Cox in the accompaniments, and both ladies played with their customary musical skill. Herr Siebert arranged the music incidental to Mr Balfe's recitation and the ghost scenes, and Madam Siebert superintended the dressicg arrangements, which reflected Scredit upon that lady. 