Chapter II. -A Friend ,s- Need. Dowo, down to the far horizon sinks the westering sun, the malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for he is within an hour of his rest. Yet the earth etdl gives forth its shimmering heat, and on every side the red burface of the parched-up plam assumes a hue of blood beneath the golden glow of sunset, which, contrasted with the vivid blue of the heavens, U pro ductive of|a strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a. horseman, toil somely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. HiB steed, suffering terribly from want of water, as well as from a lack of nutritious food, can hardly drag his limbs along and more than once has the nder endeavoured to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walking. But who can indulee in protracted exercise under snch difficulties? Consequently, the horseman, though of fine and powerful bnild, is nearly as fagged and used up as his unfor tunate steed. Now and again a flying locust raps him in the face as be rides. 'What an infernal country!' be exclaims aloud wiping his dripping forehead. ' Nearly sunset, no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop of water in this howling desert. By Jove, the situation is getting serious,' he adds, in a ione bordering on alarm His alarm is not without reason. Since quitting last night's camp beside a nearly dry waterhole, containing a noisome mixture, and that of the consistency of pea- soup, he has fouud no trace of the indispensable fluid. And he is lost. A worn-oat horse under him, foodless, waterless, in the midst of an ap parently interminable desert, he has every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con cerned. He is a fine, tall, well set-dp man, this stranger. No partiality could define him as handsome. His features have no regularity, and his light blue eyes are a trifle too small «nd deep set ; but there is a certain power about bis countenance, whose square, resolute jaw the short, fair, pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache can only half hide. Though his face and hands are burnt red brown, there is a Bubtle something which tells at a glance be is not colonial born, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his travelling dress, prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise which is strapped in front of his saddle. A Btony kopje, the only eminence for five miles axwund, rises before the traveller. This be baa been fining as a landmark, and through its agency steering in a straight line. It, too, haviug reached, he now ascends, and im mediately there escapes him a pretty forcible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, break ing the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house—A homestead. It is still three or four miles distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse has espied it as soon as his rider, and pricking forward bis ears, he picks up bis head and steps out with something of an approach to-briskness. The first elation— at the certainty of find ing necessaries such as food and drink — over, the traveller's thoughts turn to considerations of comfort. After alt, the welcome haven is, in all probability, a mere rough Boer home stead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a place And at such a prospect, hungry, thirsty, thoroughly wearied as he is, his spirits But his musings are interrupted in a sufficiently startling manner, by nothing less than the 'whiz' of a bnllct unpleasantly close to his head, simultaneously with the ' bang' of the piece whence it was dis charged. Looking up, be finds that he has approached within a few hundred yards of the homestead. In the doorway of the same stands a tall man, clad in a shirt and trousers, with a gun in his hand, from which he is extracting the Btili smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet sings past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while the report rings out upon the To say that the wayfarer begins to feel ex ceedingly uncomfortable is to express little. Here he is. a perfectly peaceable, unoffending person, about to seek the much-needed hospitality of yonder domicile, and suddenly, and without an iota of provocation, its owner proceeds to make a target of him in the most cold-blooded fashion. True, be has heard that many of the up-country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unpro voked ' act of war' surpasses anything he may have been led to expect. ' Here, hallo ! You, sir ! What are you blazing away at me for?' be eiaga out, his tone betraying a degree of anger which prudence should have induced him to sup press. His hand instinctively goes to the revolver slung round him in i holster under his ooat. But of what use is a six-shooter against an enemy many hundred yards distant, and armed with a rifle? Therefore, it is with considerable relief that he beholds his unex pected adversary ground his piece, stare at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. 1 he feeling is lint transitory, however, us it occurs to him that the fellow has probably Rone in to get more cartridges, and that any moment be may find himself once more raked by the enemy's tire. He judges it prudent to try the effect of a parley before venturing auy nearer. 'Hi! Hallo, friend !'* he shoots, 'just drop that target practice, will you. There lsu t an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothing but a poor traveller lost in the veldt, and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D'you understand ?' Then it strikes him that if the inhospitable householder is, as he expects, a Boer, be will probably not understand. ' What is to be done?' exclaims the way farer in sheer despair. ' Well, here goes. May as well be shot as starve in the veldt ; and perhaps the fellow's only playing the fool —trying what Tm made ot— and, if I were only within fifty or even a hundred yards of him, the ' trying ' wouldn't be all on one side. ' Thus musing, he continues bis advance upon the Homestead, walking his horse, and whistling in an attempt to appear thoroughly unconcerned, although in point of actual fact lie feels pretty much as tbe Six Hundred must have done on receipt of the historic and idiotic order. Bat no more leaden greetings reach him, nor does the enemy appear. All ifl silent ai the grave as he rides up to the house. The front door stands wide open, exactly as the shooter had left it on retiring therefrom. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The place might have been unin habited. Just then the eon, which all this time has gradually been sinking, and has already touched the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom which falls upon the tenement jost as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at the door, he raps it, somewhat impatiently, with the handle of his whip. No answer. Cautiously, and with band on his pistol, he enters. There is no passage ; the door opens straight into the sitting-room. At the sight which meets his eye he starts, and involun tarily falls back. In a corner of the room stands a tall figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, its eyes are fixed upon the intruder, great hollow eyes, which aeem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes the latter. The wayfarer, though not by any means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of so me thin' horribly uncanny about this ghost-like figure, so silent and immovable, glowering at him in the dudes of the fast gathering twilight. But at the same time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this, but— a mad For a moment both stand stariug at each other. Then the strunge-lookiug figure apeakfl. ' VYelcome, friend— welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you 7 Lots of them — swarms, to eat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I say ? Aha— fine things, locusts ! Don't know hove we should get ou without them. Grand things for this country ! Fine country this ! Green as an emeiald. Emeralds ! no diamonds. But there isn't a ' stone ' on the place, devil a ' stone.' ' ' Locusts ! Emeralds ! Diamonds !' echoes the stranger in amazement. ' Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump— clean off it ! What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for the matter of thai *' speaker, in a mournful tone. 'I've fos sicked high and Low, and rhere iso'i one— not one. Ah, but ? the Valley of the Eye! Come, friend. We will start at once. Y«u shall make your fortune. Dirk ! Dirk !' he shouts, passing the wandering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koramja, clad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished penning a flock of Angora goats in one of the kraals, comes running up at the numinous. At sight of his master bis parchment visage assumes a look of deep concern. ' Die Baas is reegte riek !' (the master is properly illj he says, turning to the stranger. 14 1 should rather think he was,' assents the. Litter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's mean ing. ' Stouts, locusts, Valley of the Eye ! Pho! Tbe Booner we get him to bed the better. I say. old man,' he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on tbe shoulder of thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off. ' The other looks at him vacantly, and teems to comprehend. He suffers himself be led into the inner room quite docilely, and there and then to be assisted into bed. Once there, however, the blood rushes to his face, and he begins raving horribly, though his violence finds expression in speech rather than ia The stranger sits at his bedside carefully watching him. ' Not mod — only fever,' he remarks to himself at the close of one of these paroxysms. ' Bush fever, I suppose, and plenty of it. He's got a pulse like a e Learn hammer, by He has. Not tor nothing has rhat un wonted giddiness, those shooting pains in the limbs, attacked him a few hours earlier. By nightfall Renshaw Fanning is in a burning fever, raving in the throes of delirium. ( To be continued, I 