fflk Statelier. (j HOW WE RECEIVED THE MAJOR. A. BOSH YARN. Br DosirtiAH Puill, By tho way, dlil I over tell you, oliaps, about old Major Bantyro and ' his daughtors, the timo thoy camo out \Vost to liis station ? , ' " No, never ; let's havo it Phill, old man, wo cry, drawing in noaror to our favorite story-toller ono cold July night, and mechanically beginning to fill pipes and fool In pookets for matches, at onco scenting ono of Bushman Pliill's good yarns." "Well, it was when I was on tho old Major's big sheep station out WoBt, bofora there wore any of tho small townships there aro now about there. I wasn't exactly a now chum, for I'd boon in tho country over iivo years and lin'/l tlnnn n. few trins of over-landing ono' way and another, for in those days wo just as ofton travelled .sheep out to now country, as wo did down to markot. It was a good big station, was " Ban- 'tyro" in thoso days, for it was before tho old Major split it up into divisions. When I first wont there, there was only tho 'manngor, a young fellow named Jone3, and myself, at the head station, besides two or three Chinkies, and tho usual complement of blacks always found on a Western station. And an infernally rough holo it was, I can toll you. Wo had only a slab hut, badly roofed with saplings and bark, to live in, and an iron building to keep tho stores in, which, I may tell you, went by tho euphonious namo of " The Tank," for pon my soul it wasn't any bigger than an ordinary ship tank. Of course wd were supposed to bo improving tho place all tho timo. Well, you know how much of that follows over do, ox- pected or not, Howover, when I had been out there oloso on a year, Jones got word to say that tho Major was coming up with two of his daughters for a six months' spoil or so. - Ono of the young ladies had been ill, and tho doctors hadordored her to try Queensland, so ho was going to bring her to Bantyro with hor sister, &o.; This was the story ho told to Jones, and you may guess it caused no small consternation to us both and to tho other stations, for ladies, especially young-and good looking girls such as these two word reputed' to bo, were very fow and far between in thoso days. I remomber, when I told M'Derraot of Alba Downs about it, no looltcu as me for a second or two to soo if I was chaffing, then walked to tho door and Blioutod to a chap named Oarr, who was jackarooing there. " I say, Carr, just tell Tom to serve out shirts to the gins to-morrow when ho gives 'em their rations," then to me ho said : " Best get tho poor dovils used to wearing duds beforehand." And that was tho general opinion, and invariably, the first thought of every one when told that ladies were : coming. That the blaoks must bo clothed. For, being no ladies, or very fow on the stations,- tho blacks had been allowed to retain tho primitive stylo in vogue before the fall. At Bantyre, Jones and I wore up to- .our neck in hard work, for wo had to . got a new . house of some _ sort or othor put up and furnished too within two months from tho date of the Major's' letter, and every blessed stick had to be made on the place. When Jones first read thelotter of instruction and realized that tables, obairs, bods, and every, mortal thing had to bo made on tho station, ho simply sat down and groaned, then swore ho'd leave. However, I was a fair cabinet-maker so started straight off on a tablo ; thore was an old turning lathe in tho shear ing shed, which'had been sent up by tho Major ages before and never even unpacked, so I routed it out and got it into working order and set to at it with- ono of the Ohinkios who know some thing of turning, and I can toll you our attempt ' at furniture making wasn't half bad. . When it got" to bo known that we had to make all tho house fixings and furni ture, lots of chaps camo and offered a hand. It was quite wonderful how mnnv Htinrlv men there worn in tho district, and some of thorn first-rate i carpenters too. The houBo was built of slabs and sawn stuff ; we were going to i have all slabs but fortunately just then a man homed Gregg, a selector, five " - milesjoff, was putting up a house, and ' being" a sawyor by trade he sot up a pit, and ho and his brother Bowed all thoir stuff. So Jonos struck a bargain with him to lot us havo all tho timber ! ho had out ready, and he was to havo . the turning.latho to make his furniture later on. Six of us Worked at that house, and between you and me, wo lot tho shoop, bless 'em, go to pot while wo did it too ; the Ohihky shepherds had a rosy time, I tell you, during those few weoks. And by tho same token ono poor devil hanged himself as a result ; too much joy for him, poor beggar. Tho. opium ran out, and Jones was too busy to spare ono of us to go into Springsure for a fresh BUpply. Well, the houso was finished ono Saturday evening: We wore not expect ing tho Major and party for another ton ( days or more, so by way of rejoioing, and having a house-warming that night, 1 wo tapped a new keg of snako-juico and drowned our troubles in tho flowing . bowl,- and you may bot we did it pretty affootionately.i .every man jaolt oi us got drunk, and ns a natural con sequence, next day wo all had heads . . " hot coppers" by Jovo, for nono of us wore used to indulging, at least not to any extent, and not on tho station; for tho Major did not allow liquor if ho knew it, to bo kept on tho placo oxoopt a medioine bottlo. Now and then Jones used to go oh tho spreo in town or at ono of tho other stations, hut I was ' tolerably steady in thoso days. Being / Sunday, of oourse we didn't troublo to get up, none of us wanted -breakfast, which was lucky under tho circum stance, for tho Chinky cook had taken tho opportunity to indulgo in an opium dolmuch and had gone off to one of his mates for tho purposo (tho latter having brought a supply of tho drug from town tho day before), and had left us nothing at all, in tho shapo of tucker, except a small piece of salt junk, and loss than half a small damper for tho day's supply. I remomber, it was a glorious day in April, wo'd had a very good season too and tho placo looked unusually well. About iivo o'clock I was standing 011 tho verandah, looking round wondering wboro on earth wo wore going to stow all tho odds and ends of timber and rubbish that surrounded tho houso and lay everywhere. I had just had my head under tho tap for five minutes and was feoling not bettor exactly, but loss bad. Jones was snoring liko twenty pigs on tho bpd in the front room, and Bob Strnwn, a jackaroo, from ono of tho out stations besido him, Miller, anotlicr young cnap uuiug uxjjucuuice, was in tho hammock asleep, two other fellows, station owners, were in ono of tho back rooms, ono on tlio tablo tho other in a cano lounger, and M'Dormot who had ridden over the night before to take part in tho oi'gio, or liouso- warming, was lying on tho floor in the front room, half under the tablo, on tho broad of his back just where ho fell when ho could no longer sit up tho night before. Tho whole place was in just as big a picklo and disorder as it could bo, for a lot of stuff that had come up by tho drays a few days before for the now houso and which wo had unpacked and had no time to settle, was lying about all ovor tho tables, chairs, iloor and everywhere. There was china, glass, pictures, ornaments, books, lamps, everything you can imagine for a modern town house, and which the Major had sent up to make it look homo-like for his daughters. Tho empty cases, with straw, paper, and paoking were all lying on tho verandah with a couple of large - ladies travelling trunks. I was just debating whether to go for a gallop on a young colt I was breaking in, or not. It had not been ridden for a wcok or more and 1 thought a fly on him might clear tho mists out of my brain a bit. I had nothing on but a singlet and pyjamas I must toll you, and as I stood there quite by chance I gianced towards the crossing which wns about five hundred yards from tho house, and to my surpriso I saw that a buggy was coming down tho -hill . on tho opposito side. I watched it lazily, annnnsinn, Hint, it UlUSt 1)0 GreSC tllG sawyer, as he was the only man who possessed fomale belongings within forty miles or more and I knew ho had set up a buggy lately. It camo along slowly round tho winding road and up towards the house, and then, and not till then did it dawn upon my senses that they were ' coming to call, possibly to seo tho houso but as they drew nearer to my . unspeakable horror I recognized tho old Major's long white beard, I had only seen him onco and that somo years previously, but there was no mistaking his venerable snow white hair and beard, the latter nearly re'aobing his waist. I turned and fled. Self- preservation is tho first law of nature you know and I am ashamed to have to admit that at this critical moment I basely, left - Jonos and the others to their fate, and thought only of clothing my own nether man. - " Tho others, except M'Dormot, who still wore his riding trousers and boots, wore in tho same stato as myself, viz pyjamas, I scrambled into my olothes I don't know how, flung oh a coat and crammed a hat down on to my head and came through tho house as if I had just como in from riding, whip and spurs in my hand, to look ns though I had just taken the latter from my heels. They were all out of tho buggy and three or four of the party on horsebaok wore riding up to thom. Fortunately tho ladies had turned to' wait for those on horsebaok, and in that ono instant, when oven tho Major's foot was on tho first stop leading up the verandah, I rushed into tho front room seized hold of M'Dormot by tho logs and dragged him into a small pantry or store room, then catching up tho whisky jar, which adorned tho contro of the. tablo JL -iiuiig that in after him, and in my mad hurry and fright pitched all tho glasses in there too and banging the door I looked it and put tho key in my pocket- just as the old Major appeared at tho window inquiring somowhat stornly if there was anyone in oliaViG of tli'o.plaoo or not. As you can j,S:ess, I was a bit flurried after these pH'iSeedings and doubtless my face betrayed it, for tho old gentle man, after looking at mo closely for a second or two over tho top of his glasses, said sarcastically; "Did you think it was my ghost you saw Mr. Phill, that you looked so scaped?" I assured him that suoh was not tho case,- but that we wore not expeoting him for a week or so and that I was afraid things were rather at sixes and sovons etc. oto. By this timo tho rest of the party, with tho oxcoption of ono young chap who stopped to hold tho horses and a femalo servant who re mained on tho verandah wore in tho room and tho Major 'had presented mo to thorn. I found ohairs for them and managed to persuade thom to sit down for a whilo under a promise of tea in five minutes, (there wasn't a fire alight on tho place oven, but I had to say something.) At this momont and just as I was excusing mysolf and about to leavo tho room, M'Dormot, who had ovidently boeu coining to his senses all this time, began to uso ohoioo langungo. and to stagger about in tho littlo room. What to do I did not know, but to lot him out I hardly dared, for in his oups Mao. was simply inadinissablo. Ho hastily leaving, I ran round, laid hold of tho carpontors laddor- which was lying under tho house and plaoing it against tho window lodge 1 mounted it and parloyod with the irato squatter. I hardly wondered at his rage and flow of langungo. when ho turnt.d ".his face towards mo, for in my zeal to hido tho evidenco of our last nights orgio, I had nonrly braiucd him with n tumbler, besides giving him a violent hlow with tho whisky jar. Ho was anything but n pleasing object with blood trickling down his faco from a cut on his head and ho was simply in a whito heat witli rage. - " This is a pretty way to treat a man" ho began when I managed to impress liitn with tho gravity of the situation by my gesticulations and grimaces. I bolievo ho thought I'd gone raving mad. " What — what's tho row," ho asked. " Is — is — Jonos dead ?" " No, but ho'll wisli ho was in a fow minutes if tho Major goos on a tour of inspection, and ho'll do it sure as eggs are oggs" I whispered back. Whilo poor Mac's jolly red face bocamo almost livid as he replied. "Great Scott 1 the Major? Aro yer joking Phill, or aro wo all undone ?" riuving uonviHuuu uuii ui buu uhiyui a left him scrambling out of tho window and down tho ladder, and crept back as gently ns possible, meaning to get through tho back room, and so into the front to wakon Jonos. But alas I for poor Jones; Thore stood tho Major at the foot of tho bed, an expression of the most ineffable disgust on his .handsome old face. Ho guessed my purposo at once and when I drew near waved me back with his hand saying. " Don't wake him I don't wako him, it would bou pity to disturb so charm ing and elevating a picture," I had always heard that tho old follow had an awful down on liquor, lie did not care a hang what other vices a chap had, but liquor ho barred. I'd have wakened Jones up in spito of him, but I wasn't game to do it whilo he stood there, because I knew Jones would say something rough on first being touched. While we were standing there Pierco, a young lad from M'Dermot's, who had been helping me with the furniture, strolled in leisurely from the back, in his pyjamas and singlet and stood transfixed. I don't believe tlie boy could havo moved a limb if he'd been shot, when ho re cognised the Major. Ho had met him in Sydney before coming to Queensland, and had dined at tho Major's. The old gentleman stared him up and down and at last remarked in a very soft voico. " Well, you look comfortable young man 1 d d comfortable. May I ask if this is the usual way matters are conducted on this station ? Very nioo — very pretty indeed." jumicHy tuu luujor n eyes wore re moved from him, Pierco turned ' and scuttled away as fast as he could in his' . thin attire. Ho was wearing a pair of ray pyjamas and they were At least fiye inches too long for him, so kept tripping him. After a while, I managed to get the old man to settle down on the verandah with the rest of tho party, till I'got things a bit ship-shape for them. There wasn't a room they could go into, because in every one there was one or two fellows sleeping. I stood chatting to the girls a few minutes ; jolly nice girls they " wero too, and while I did so I noticed' that the slavey, who was sitting at the corner of the verandah, was giggling like mad at something or other. I moved along, pretending to put the blind straight, - so as to get a view of that side. And presently I saw Millar's head bob up over tho edge of the hammock and bob down again. He had evidently been roused by the taloing, and seeing a woman seated at the bend of the verandah ho wasn't game . to move. The girl was laughing at tho way he stuck his faco up every now. and then. And 'pon my soul it was comical, just liko lads playing possum, but what mado it so awfully ludiorus was bo- oause his face was all smoared with black. Ho and Pierce had bad a scrap the. night before with a burnt cork and Miller bore tho results on his counten ance. I walked down to him and ox- plained mattors in a hurried whisper, and Millar was so horrified that ho risked everything,, made ono rush nnd was ovor the railing liko a shot. Ten minutes later, I saw him streaking it away in the distance; on his horse making a bee line for homo without even coming in for his olothos or oven his hat, and M'Dormot was not far behind him. By tho time I got away, to see to matters, Pierce had roused all tho others up nnd got tho rooms clear of their duds and things. Jones too was clothed and- in his . right mind, or as near it as ono could expect under the circumstances. I felt sure ho'd get tho saok and to toll tho truth, I felt a bit of a sneak for having been tho only one in prcsentablo condition, for of course tho old gentleman quite made mo the " whito headed boy" in consequence, while Jones used to look daggers at mo, but ho novor split on me often as ho threatened to. But ho didn't , get tbo sack, at least not then, nor for somo time after and oven then, tho old Major gavo himajob of droving that' took him awaybaok to Victoria, from whence ho had originally camo. It was woeks before Mao was gamo to show up, and as for Millor, he didn't niako tho acquaintance of the girls for nioro than a year. Wo soon got things sliip-shapo and comfortablo, there is no doubt, a couplo of ladies on .a station make all the differenco in tho world. Wo got a married couplo from Springsure and with tho "Lady" as wo dubbed' tho slavey they brought with thom wo did very woll. I ofton used to look around mo and wondor at tho chango that had como over tho old place. Wo had lived liko a lot of mon always do without comfort or even decency. Satisfied to ring tlio obanges on damper and salt mutton — salt mutton and damper. But now wo had every dolieacy tho placo could produoo, milk, buttor, oggs, fresh moat, fish, and fowl and things served with all the nicoity arid appointments of - a oity house, The black.3 were pressed into the service of the house and wero sent fishing and shooting ovcry day. I'll never forgot my feelings ono morning as I was standing talking to Miss Alice down by tlio creek, where she had gono for ferns to dccorato the vases with, and I had ridden down to look for a gin to go for fish, Of course, when tho ladies camo to tho place we insisted upon the blacks wearing clothes and so served out shirts to tho gins and moles to the men, but some of U3 had always to bo on tho watch to prevent them coining up to tho house in a state of nature. Whilo wo wore talking this day, up camo tho gin 1 had been in search of and 1 gave hor her instructions and told hor to " yan" (go). She had on the regulation garment all right enough but imagino my horror when she just caught tho two corners of tho shirt and began hauling it over her head, this was preparatory to setting out on her mission. I wasn't near enough to stop her in time, so to spare Miss Alice I JUUIjJUU UUWil bUU UUUh uuu JJLCtUlllUHl to bo looking for somo fresh ferns, I could hear hor remonstrating with old Kitty and begging her to put on her garment. I also heard Kitty's reply whicli won't bear repetition even at this space of time. Anyway, she hung her shirt on a sapling and walked off without it in dignified nudity, still swearing 'at the white woman's absurd modesty. .. Wo had some great Bcenos before wo actually broke the niggers in to wearing clothes. Ono day, a young gin walked right into tho drawing-room clothed in an expansive smile and her own con sciousness of virtue. I wasn't present thank goodness, but Pierce and a follow named Lapply, a surveyor, were there with the girls trying over soirie new music. Pierce told mo that Lapply went through the window, liko a shot and loft him to bustlo her out alone. Another time, when wo were sitting at luncheon, a gin and her old husband who was half blind, .walked in, the former with the sleeves of her shirt tied round her neck and the man was carrying his pants - in a bundle and hadn't a stitch on. I used to pity those girls at these times, they did look so shocked and scandalized. But thoy got used to it I suppose, or the niggors got more civilized, one or the other. And by tho time they had been a year at Bantyre, they did not want to leave it. Bo tho Major got a fine big houso put up and the place mado quite habitable, so that the family could always spend the winter .months there and return to New South Wales for tho summer; 