RELIBI0US SERVICES. OHtTBOH OF THE APOSTLES, At the Cbnroh of tbe Apostles yesterday morning mats was celebrated at 7 o'clock by the Very Bev. Dean Beeobinor, whilst at 8 o'cloek the parochial mass was celebrated by the Very Bev. Dr. Delany, the Coadjutor Bishop ot Tasmania, when a large number of the members of the congregation received Hnlv flninninnCnn At 11 o'clock, mass was celebrated by the Bev. J. O'Mahoay, after which an eloqoent sermon was delivered by His Lordship Dr. Delany, the address being given principally for tbe benefit of the children who were to reoeive the sacrament ol confirmation. His Lordship explained that confirmation was a sacrament whioh made us strong and confi dent Christians, a sacrament which enabled us to profess openly oar faith, and which made us soldiers of Christ. Confirmation, he said, drew out that spiritual life which had been received first by means of bap tins, and strengthened the supehiatnral power which baptism conferred. Tbe Christian faith was a mystery, and was surrounded by many masteries ; therefore a speoial giftof God was giventossake Christians strongln their faith. That gift was confirmation. He then re ferred to the simple manner in whioh the Book Of Genesis tells us of the creation ot the world out ot the material universe, of the various stages of development until, by a special, act of gracs, God formed man. And He, after forming the body, breathed into It the breath of life, and gave saan a living soul, making him like unto Himself. Thus did men owe their lives to God. Adam, the first of the human race, was a perfect saan, with superabundant faculties and prerogatives, and it was not neosasary that he should suffer death. Over and above this divine principle of supernatural life be was gifted with ideas and perceptions, love or order, jnstioe and goodness, a rational will, and the Sawer to hold converse with Almighty God. ut sin came, and in consequence death. By the sacrament of baptism man was enabled to see deeper into his own nskture and his own origin. When Christ came upon earth He said His mission was to restore to man his lost supernatural life. He said, H 1 am the way, the truth, and the life.' Thus, I by means of the blessed sacrament ot I t£ie Eucharist, men oould obtain ever- ! lasting life. The speaker then explained , the difference between the bread of life Mid the manna whioh had fed the Israelites in the desert Christ had said that men must be born again by water and the Holy Ghost. The apostle spoke of supernatural life as a gift, while St. Paul, in his epistles, spoke ot it as graoe. That was a favor whioh men owed to the generosity of ? God. The sacrament ot baptism cleansed the child, and he became endowed with the life Adam forfeited. Then confirmation strengthened him in the Christian faith as he was growing up, and enabled him to surmount the ob stacles and difficulties whleh surrounded him. The preacher then described how the sacrament; of thetHoly Eucharist, penance, and extreme unction, as well as holy orders and matrimony were aids to eternal sal vation. Thus the Christian had the help and the consolation of the eeven sacraments, and, in addition, prayer. The speaker, after re ferring to the mystery of the Catholic faith) and the agitation for Catholic education, spoke of the great power off the Press, and said that though the attitude of the secular Press to the Catholic community was fair and just, still it eould not be expected to take any particular Interest in the Oatholio faith, as It was only, after sdl, a business interest, But a# the daily life of a country was ex hibited in Its press, so the dally life of the Catholia Church was exhibited in the Catholic Press. After tbe sermon was oonsluded, His Lordihin Admlnlstera! tti-* immnAnt of confirmation to eight adults, 48 girls, and 82 boys, in all 88 persons. The girls were all dressled in white, with beautiful garlands ot white flowers on their headp. The choral portions of the service were rendered by an efficient choir, asslated by Mill Aliee Grant, who in splendid voice sang ' Ave Maria ' and Mr Cecil Westbrook, who played a violin acoompaniment. The usnal services were held in the gyeping, an impressive sermon being preached by fhe Bev. J. O'Mahony. rdih(p thp Bis bop will leave Laun cestotf to-day for ths H.w, Ooast. 