In Normandy. Feasants' Homes slid' a Haunted Chateau. Wtjy is it, I wonder that o>.e class oi humsuiiy IBslwajeasking itnel|iwbat ths atber clues is doing, bow it lives, and what its customs are ? It was no doubt a curiosity of this kind that prompted cs, the other morning, to 3rive into the country to" visit" some el the peasants 1 honjp»that lie bidden among the hills, back ol Houlg&te.; Title, we had no Invitation to (htee places; we did not even know the fans-owners fay name. After all "aristocrats " have very bad manners compared to the poor laboring altss. This etrnck me most forcibly the jtber day, and I felt really ashamed of mytell and Irieode me we boldly entered the gateway to Ihe Gist farm. It would have served us rigbt had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate tbe premises. As we approached the low, thatcbed-rool building, with the grape-vines covering a wide verandah, tbe borFf-chestnuts epresding their refreshing sbade far over tbe boose, a more perfect ^picture ol comTori could not eaaly be imagined. He&riig; the «bUnd of carriagesi thrce womeii mśde their vppear&nce; at tbe door, and seeing W6 were " du grand monoe," as they ssy hereabonta, three W ćonrtesya were dropped and a most tordial welcome extcs£c3 ue. ranch to myieliel Bod surprise. They were evidently flattered by our visit, and far from offend>d, as I had expected. Thoy wore theregnlation peasants' coetome—their*, sliit, white nlouee. waists with slteves rolled up above tbe elbow, Jong aprone, neat caps, and wooden sabots. One of tlie young men rang • hnge bell at the side ol (he house, wtere- OT"»i»Kahteaioy o»mfi ttiS iid onr Borses t®. andihsigąier ańfi iirMber ol tbeiiimiiy a^'-t*d ne to rfigbt ind led^pg on |Ó-the powh- where" łhij ? « • ' tb W awhila nntil a light refreshment should he prepared. , In a.abort epace of time a long table was broaght out and set before us, spread with a snowy homespun cloth and laid with quaint old blue china-ware and glass. Pots ol colden honey. jojr« of cream, loaves cE black treat), pats of ytilow butter, cskee, cream cheese, so celebrattn tbroDgboDt Koimsndy, :old meat?, and a pitcher ol eider, made up thefeast. " ' Every member ot tbo (atnily waited opon us. and treated us as it we were old and v&ioed; Irierdf. but none of them śat at table with us. We did full jasticc to tbis homely fere, after which the interior of the bouse . ras shown HP, and PEEPS into huge lincn- /rerses vouchsafed ns,where piles of bleached and nnbleaohed cloth Jay ready as part of the "dot" to so with the first child leaving ths home nest. The floors in the hou;e were all scrubbed to mnrvelloiis wbiteness and il-en strewn with a fioe wLste sand; in some of tbe rooms the sand was laid on tbe floor to imitate mosaic designs, bat tbe tread of many fjset soon obliterated the pretty The old homestead was most comfortable in every respfct, and tbe old-fashioned furniture in it would have made a collector weep with envy. Large carved oak armoires. spinning-wheels high-backed chairs, fourpost bedstead*, and quaint tables that would nave brought their weight in pi eciona metal at some fashionable anciion iu the capital, were thought nothing of by these people, cxoept as ancestral souvenir keepjakes Great quantities of shell-work adored the walls, and even made op the principal brio a brao npon the tables and The fireplaces wercall tbOse prest. gencroa. c ocj that take in all the fami.y and do pat leave anv one ont in the eol.3, as some of oar moderosrates are apt to do. As we expressed onr apprceistion ol tbe comfortable ŁUiroondin£.i, the faces ot bolh men and women fairly beamed with grati- Ł a pnae. Tte dairy, etablefc, poattry yard and pies wpre next shown us, and from the cool, airy milk-room to the ely in the back yard was one perfett delight of olesaliness, prosperity J and plenty. ' These people are never idle, and for that reason tappy; they are content with what Itey have, do net envy onj one and lire lives 11 peoeo and cood-wi'J!. to a!l men. E ich j ! j ' | j btars marts ol the sunn v nature wilhin ind our Visit to Łs Bretfcbe, as tbi( farm is -•ailed, put better thoughts into onr minds lor days to come. Xhe day following our country visit was a grand frte-day for Uouiyate. Eices, a conoert, and « ball at the casico were to be the great features of the occasion, and about two o'clock we were all assembled oa the feesch to witness tbe races. A strange place for raece yon will, no doubt, rightly remark, but three were not to be ordinary ones at all, in f*ct ihe noble ! , rournrs were not to be - two-thiiiv roadsters 1 in * D bat ^,east the least, ' bat two-fooled two-footed creatures of of our ow ' own n fP™' specie*, 6 *- and Vttk, little, longwed long-eared donkeye. donkeys. ' The beach lay white, Khitc, smooth and hard, with | the tide far ont. In the judRfs' etand were a Kay party of wotn- n of Uxiiion aDd wellknown abonl Parisian clubs, liy tbe expression of interest on all IM-K. one would have fancied tbat a inr:u»c was at stair, but in reality the prizes consisted of a gold cop for the donkey races, e leuhermrdal and riding whip for the races to follow. l?.Tst came the men's race in bag", the most comical sighf I ever witoesred. E ich man was done up in a large grsin'-sack up to bis waist, ard uhm tbe signal was pvtn about thirty pf these ridiculous ii;ures started on the hop, skip and j imp; as to running tbat was out cf the question, and most ot the b<md finally went on all four*. N. jct followed tbe donkrv race, tbe jockeys being gentlemen riders, &ilired; in long, .lowntcked, white baby- drcsśes with "diflćie^t colored sashts eat his and close "baps." Tbe winbei winter ^j 8 wh ™".™ f? o 'BOttberelist.' As the beli xsp_g for tbe ecart. tbe donkeys all started on a dead run, and to stop tbem wae aa great a feat as to pet them to go at most times. They seemed to understand tbe jcke, and with eats well op and tails straight out they rn&bcd; madly along. All the"wbos- ing"inthe \70rld had no(fieot open the stubborn little brsste.and the one tliat reachedithe hoihe-etrstch laHw&sonly; just s head behind ihe others. Of aU ridicnloue sigbts tbis was' ioderf.the most lodicrous, and the peals of laughter from the lookers-on almost drowned the econd ot the tea. ' After tie outdoor sports we adjourned to the conceit-hall and listened to a very good amateur concert, tbe ptocccds of whi:b went to the poor ot the village. f The ball in the evening was a most brilliant affair—in foct one ioi^ht easily have be-' iieved one's self in some salon of the capital I had it not been tbat the ladies were not decollete and very'few jewels wtre wom.-Toe surroundings were mosi beautiful, the Dall : roomiepresented»trop:calca«ten,hnngwjth colored lanterns. I Icuml here a great istaxation from the nsnal rigid ^all-zopm eti^ quette ot Sarie. JJopiiB ladies darieed tnoro^ and it was nofthougbt óbł lot place to sllow the came name to appear even three times on one's dancing card. -- At snpper-time the chaperon didnotseleet b^.cłu^.^ jesęort, bct leB -it tp fa^r otm wiee discrimination, only sitting at' the' eame table in order not to throw crS all vigilance. Early honre are reepected here, for, wonderjnj M relate, tbe Frenoh ladies rise at a most reasonable hour, ł,«nr and Me often ssen at nine o'clock in the morning dressed lor tbe day— no, I should not say for the* day, as two,' three, and <evBn;-fout "changw pf, joilft «re~ Dade, ancl the thought «f one drós for ths whole day would absolutely ecandalise these ladiionablpH. : An energetie little Frenchwoman, and quits ^he leader ot fashion here this season, Mme. He Beanliett, has etattsd a most ddigbttel {dub lot ladift to help pe*a thejhour. it fs eallelhjr Hie qtreerpaedf •> Nęras Besishms"' jfwelpsutJ.indStls ddUsdi^ly t«!««D4 |*aa piBtol practice. We have a notaUs teacłts from the metropolis, who devote* two Lours twioe a week to bur jmeetings. Oar iolub- roam is a "large -itaJt^jntatei on the heaoh, and dirided oS Into the foimng- room jand the łaigrt-nuigs. We wear a simple, tomnienlB perefotly fr£EJ and enables ns to holtivate great earaisa graoe ^tposture. The yrrrr 5 " 1 <1 tnost £eligbttul, and we jthaDkiIma.de Be&alieo; dailT for her hriQisntidea. : Some one is always plaucing a newamuulent or pastime here, and c»cb day brings \--*h eome original ideas lo alad to the enjoyit «1 onr already thoroughly hutterfiy linads , . atari s ^ , jiriva to'iintabandimeS aatUs ^•ihith lies eight miles from Hbol^tssnais {•opposed to be (wonted. W« wcr« to tske : pnrsupper with as, and have » rusonlltht nicnic amnne tbs /ruins and up.Vt tin th* mystic i> Mir nf ińtlffe v'closr. tbe tenuis are uj c j=& to w«Sk,holE».. r»»srcirj Eomewatd. This tŃlas taet si^i TitTł cajJL ." fe^Wy.'anaWat ag'b'tVclba.one evening last week, the large coaoh and sevaral •mall carriages started-from the siIU and from some of the bouses adjoining ourt. The moon was just beginning to Bhow itself over the top of a high bill in the distanoe, the night was soft and balmy, and we were all in tbe best of spirits, hoping even to meetthe restless spirit ol the oldchateau, and making wagers as to who would dare go along into the darkest corner of the roin. .... Tbe drive was only too soon accomplished, and we clattered into the court-yard of the Norman csntle just an hour after we left dome. , , Buins are generally picturesque, but some- "how*this one threw a greater chsim over oi all, with its pillars and arches touched to silver by tbe moonbeams, than we bal expected. One tower of the cbaleau stood almost complete. Time had only covered parts ot it with moss and vines, that clambered into every easement and barred every doorway, but ronnd about lay heaps of stones and masonry, broken columns and shattered arches, that told a tale o! tbe years that muet have passed over thia onoe magnificent dwelling. We spoke in lowered tones, and we walked with hushed tread through the crumbling walls. Tbe bravest of ns ielt that it would be out of place to laugh here; none of ns felt like doubting that some spirit did haunt the old tower, and lam certain had a band of whiterobed fignrea appeared out of the rnioB and began to dance a ghastly, old-time reel, none US would have been in the least surprised. Some one whispered, Ii-t QB move on to some place tbat is not ghost-like," and we wandered on to an open spaoa oi ground that the kindly moon lit np most beautifully. Here we all sat down on chawls and rugs.. Alter a short pause, every one brgan -talking at onoe, as if feeling the. necessity of rousing eath other "from jtbe eochanter's spell which had fallen opon as. .• . 'i • ' • " Con't think nay one wfli go bask .totiurt -place at twelve o'clock," a timid voioe spoke out from our circle, and the remark was an> swered with a hearty laugh and bank confessions that tbe rains and the ghosts eonia have it aU to themselves at that hoar for all we cared; and to effectually chase away any (ombce thoughts that might still be larking in our minds,we tamed our thoughts sapperwards. To alter the general routine of French picnics, instead of having brought everything cooked and prepared, the gentlemen bad volunteered belore leaving home to Cook all that we would require. A large fire was eoao started, and every one set to wcrk —tbe ladies to arrange the table, the gentlemen to assort their p&n;^ and iosscrflfes, « the servants to aeaict here, there, and everywhere. It was great sport,' this cooking ont of doors at nigbi, wilii the moon above us like a great central chandelier, and-the carriage lamps about like so many fire Sies at a fairy feast. And such a euppsr we eat down tol UJ wander Frenchmen ore such gourmets if they can all master the culinary art as prfeeily as our ?ri°n<?« did the other evening. Chicten a In Bn-dAiiis. crab a la c potatoes a la Ruhtlicu. and oysters in toqmUts were only a Uk of the (biogsthat made up a most sumptuous menu. Some one bad brought a guitar, some one else a flute, and nnather a violin, and after we had enjoyed oar reput, the musicians ot the party suggested an impromptu dance. Partners were hastily eugsg'd, and np to tbe stroke of twelve we danced on tbe smooth greensward to onr beart'e ^anient. Just as the last notes ol iht* minute died away, a white Iburs appeared on thi tower and blew a long aud loud blsćt from a trumpet. We all started to our feet., white with terror aud speechless with an untoid fear. Btu it was only my rogue of a cousin who had played us this practical joke. 