Baptist Church. ——♦—— HARVEST FESTIVAL AND ANNIVERSARY. A GENERAL CONFERENCE. Last evening the annual meeting of the Baptist Church was held and was more successful than any held for many years. The Church was crowded, and an enthusiasm and life quite strange to meet ings of this kind in connection with this Church in Bathurst was apparent. Tea was provided by ladies of the congrega tion and after tea a public meeting was held, this meeting being presided over by Mr White, of Petersham, and Chairman of the Baptist Union of New South Wales. There were on the platform, Revs. W. R. Hiddleston, A. J. Clark, (Sydney), W. A. Southwell, (Orange), W F. Becher, B.A., J. Worboys, Messrs. W. T. Worboys, J. D. Page, Stocks and Gostello. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer. Rev. J. Worboys, pastor of the Church, in the name of the friends in Bathurst gave a hearty welcome to the members of the Union from Sydney. His prayer was that the good work done by them during the past week would not cease but grow and increase. The Chairman briefly acknowledged the compliment and having complimented the pastor on having a live church, and congratulated him on the success of the first anniversary meeting, called on the Secretary to read his report. Mr. J. D. Page then read — The secretary's report of the church, from Nov., 1892 to Jany., 1894, was most en couraging. Since the Rev. E. Price resigned till July, 1893, the church had been supplied with preachers by the Baptist Union, and on July 1st, 1893, pastor J. Worboys of Garra took charge of the church and work in the district, and we now hear of crowded meetings at the preaching stations and people being conferred at every place where services are held. A most encouraging report ooines from Eglington ; and after so many years of struggling and hard work it is a pleasant matter to have such reports coming in. Finances were reported very good, and the church is to be congratulated on this item; stipend receipts for six months ending June, 1893 were £42 16s Id, and for six months ending Dec., 1893 £84 1s 4d, or nearly double. The mortgage on the parsonage is £240, and this being leased, all things going well, will be cleared off in a few years at most, and the bur den that has so long hampered the church is to a great extent removed. The total amount due by the church, apart from the mortgage, is £9. The number of members on the roll was 66, and the Sunday Sohool work was going ahead steadily ; also the Christian Endeavor Society. During the evening an appeal was made on behalf of the funds to repair the church, and about £40 was given and promised in the meeting. Altogether the members of the church are to be congratulated upon the happy and united state of things now existing, and which has not existed for a number of years. The services are well attended; also prayer meetings, and there is evidently a useful future before Pastor Worboys and his church. Mr. Stocks, in moving the adoption of the report, said that no comment was needed by him. The facts as stated were borne out by the increase in congregation, and the enthusiastic meeting that night. (Applause.) In Eglinton the people were as those raised from the dead, and now they felt they were a part of the Bathurst Church. He read a report from that report, which stated that marked pro gress had been made in the different de partments of church work. Mr. Gostello seconded the adoption of the report, which, he considered, was very satisfactory. (Hear, hear ) He had been requested to lay before the meeting a scheme by which certain necessary im provements connected with the church might be carried out. He had to con gratulate the church on being out of the fashion — that was, being out of debt ; for that was really the case with regard to the church itself, and the mortgage on a fair way to be cleared off. (Hear, hear.) They found it necessary to re-roof the churcii, and carry out renovations inside, as well as to make certain additions and do away with the old ' box ' pulpit, pro viding in its stead a structure of more modern design. This would cost £120, and they wished to raise this without further delay. They intended not to undertake work in the future without having the money in hand to cover it, and he hoped to mtet with a liberal response. Already a number of promises had been made. Subsequently a collection was taken up and £40 raised in donations and promises. The Chairman read apologies from Revs. Dr. Geikie, R. Dyson and C. E. James, who were engaged in Conference work in Sydney. Dean Marriott had been written to requesting him to open the Conference, but he had not had the common courtesy to reply. Since the meeting opened a telegram had been received from Sydney intimating that the Rev.— Vaughan would be in Bathurst on the next day to continue the mission which had been carried on so successfully during the past 10 days. (Hear, hear.) Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone explained that they were desirous of continuing this 'Old Time Revival' in Bathurst, but were wondering how it could be done when they heard of the noted revivalist from Tasmania. This had solved the difficulty, and he assured his hearers that they would find Mr. Vaughan one of the most genial and kind hearted worker's in New South Wales, whose heart was full of glory and of God. He hoped that the experience he had met with in York Peninsular would be repeated in Bathurst, for there an almost old-time Pentecost was realised. He hoped the good work, would spread and grow throughout the whole of the western districts. He also expressed a desire that the reports now read might be sent to the Baptist to be published in their entirety so that the Baptist people throughout the colony, might see that their Bathurst friends were now a live church. (Applause.) A sacred solo was then effectively rendered by Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone. The Chairman said that as the speakers to follow had important subjects on which to speak he would not detain them with an address. He deprecated the tone of some of the speeches which were some- times delivered at anniversary meetings, and he was often saddened by their hol- lowness. In his position as chairman he represented the Baptist Church of New South Wales, and be expressed the plea sure he felt in being present. (Hear). He had made up his mind to visit all the churches in the colony, and was pleased to fall in with the suggestion by their pastor, Mr. Worboys, regarding the visit of Mr. Hiddlestone and Mr. Clarke, than whom no two better men could be found. (Applause) He hoped the people would give Mr. Vaughan a hearty welcome on the morrow. He was glad to come to Bathurst : one reason more than any other being that he loved Mr. Worboys. While they were meeting in Bathurst the Sunday School in Petersham was holding their anniversary, and he found it hard work to leave. Some people were under the im pression that the Baptist Church was an insignificant church, but if they were in Petersham they would find out their mis take. He was glad that some life was being infused into the church in Bathurst. There was room here for all their churches, and he hoped that the Baptists would rally round their pastor and prove that they were working Christians, live Chris tians, and singing Christians. He was strongly opposed to formal Christianity, and was glad to see that they had a branch of the Christian Endeavor in Bathurst. It was acknowledged on every hand that through this branch of the church more good had been accomplished than by any other means during the past fifty years. Rev. W. A. Southwell, of Orange, delivered an earnest address on ' the old book.' The Bible was with them to-day with all its force and power, notwithstand ing all that had been said about it, and the efforts which were being continually made to destroy it. Whenever the people let go their hold on the living word of God they had nothing left to cling to. In a a brief and earnest address the speaker referred to three of what he considered amongst the principal features in the book. These were the Wonderful Palace, the Wonderful Presence, and the Wonderful Guide. Mrs White, of Petersham, addressed a few earnest words of exhortation to the young converts. Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone spoke on ' the Old Gospel,' taking as his text the works ' I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto the salvation of everyone that believeth.' The older the Gospel became the better it got. It was useless to try and manufacture a new gospel, although many had got tired of the old one and said it was worn out. They sought to take the blood out oi it, and some were so sensitive that they could not bear to hear it preached. A new Gospel would have no Jesus in it, but the old was as strong and fresh as ever, breaking down sin, and a light to lighten the heart. Rev. A. J. Clarke said he was glad to have had the opportunity of attending the meetings during the past few days. He was glad to know that during a visit to the West some years ago he was in strumental in inducing their pastor to enter the Ministry. Some time ago a letter appeared in the Baptist which was a scandal to the Baptists of New South Wales and to the writer, as also to the pastor who previously occupied the pulpit in the Bathurst Church to make such accusations againt Mr. Worboys. (Hear, hear.) The letter said that Bro. Worboys was not capable to preach the Gospel be cause he had not been to college and did not hold the degree of B.A. There were men as full of Greek, German and other languages as a sausage is of meat, and who were not as qualified as was he to preach the Gospel of Christ. A man who had the old fashioned power, and who knowing his own lost condition sought to lead others to Christ was the one who was fitted for this position. Such a man was Mr. Worboys. (Applause). He was a man who loved the souls of his people who believed in the reality of a hell, however and judgment. He was baptised with the Holy Ghost and filled with the Spirit of God. He was a man who had graduated at the feet of Jesus. They called Greek one of the dead languages, and truly it was, and men who did not know this were able to preach the Gospel of Christ and bring out from God's Treasury things new and old. He was being used of God in the ingathering of souls and building up of the Church. Mr. Worboys needed no apologist because the result of his work since he came to Bath urst was proof of his ability and worth. He was rejoiced at being able to stand be side him at this Anniversary meeting and say ' God bless you.' He was pleased to see the chairman of the union presiding over this meeting in the face of all that had been said and published about the Church in Bathurst. He could not have performed a more graceful act, and it would redound to his credit. He prayed that God would prosper the work in Bathurst; and when the history of this year's work was written up it would be found to be the best on record Mr. Worboys would give noun certain sound, and would be loyal to the cause. He was here as a Baptist minister, and was hot ashamed of his calling nor afraid to do his duty. He urged the people to rally round him and assist him by every means in their power. (Applause). During the evening several hymns wetc sung, Mr. Hiddlestone presiding at the organ. At the close the usual vote of thanks were given, and the meeting closed with the benediction. 