SDEATH , RTIFIGATE, FROM THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (Coan-um.) I arrived n .London at an early hour the next morning, and going traight to Hanover Square, raw the matron of the excellent establishment for trained nurses which is to be found there. I described the case, and ehose a bright-looking young woman who I was smre had tact as well as experience. Making hasty arrangements that she should start at once, I wired what I had done to Will. My own duties were sufficiently arduons to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoghts dunringthe rest of that day. I returned home, fagged out, at a late hour that evening, and had just desired my servant to bngp supper, of which I stood much in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegramon a salver. " When did this come? " I asked, looking at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly darting awanto poor Wall Raymond and his "The telegram came half an hour ago, sir," replid the aearrat. I tore it'open ind uttered a groan. I was not prepared for the news which it ontained. "Mrs Raymond died at three o'clock this aftemoon.-Grey." The pink slip of paper fluttered out of my hand, and I sat in an almost dazed condition for several minutes. I had not time, however, for any long meditation. There cameasharp peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to me. This was from Will. It contained the sortof news which Imighthave expected : "For God's sake, come to me, Halifax. Come to-night." Alas, it was impossible for me to comply. I had a case to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele' graphed to Will telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, but that then nothing should hiader my join ing him. I have nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had the satisfac tion of knowing that I had pulled my patient through a severe illness, and, weary but thankful, I stepped into the midnight train which was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived there in the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for meon the platform. He came forward to meet me with much eagerness, shook my hand and looked into my face. Elis manner was disturbed, and his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi. dently stirred to its deaths. "I am morethan glad you have come," he alid. "Raymond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death ; 1 row think that unless something is imme diately done for his relief, his brain will go." " Noeense, nonrSnse," I retorted. "Ray. modi has as steady .t brain as any fellow I knew." hut then I stopped abruptly. Certain pecuiarities with regard to hbs past history occurred to me, and I was silent. Raymond was undoubtedly my friend, but' I knew nothing of the psychological history of his house. I made up my mind to treat the do-tor's fears lightly, and proceed in a steady and cheerful voise: " You must make full allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has sustained." " Yes, yes," said Grey; "of course, any. one would make allowance for'gref and even violent distress, but the man's conduct is more than eccentric. Do you 'know what he has done?" "No," I said. "What?" "He is going to take that poor dead young woman home to Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the return of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-ooming a good deal, and he iays'shae'ahaliroes the threshold of his house dead or living. lte has given orders that a coffin isto be made for her out of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, and, in the mean time, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces. sion is to start from hereatj o'clock to-morrow morning." "So soon?" Iinquired. "Yes, therehas been an awful hurry about everything.Allarraagementsarenow,however, complete. Raymond has engaged a special train, and the line is to be cleared along the entire route; of course, at enormous expense. He has asked me to aocompany him, but now that you have arrived, that will scarcely be necessary." " Probably not," I answered. We had by this time 'entered the house, and:Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology fora drawingroom where I had sat with Raymond a couple of days ago. He was not present; I looked around for him anxiously. "He as in the room with his poor wife," said Grey, noticing my perturbed glanco; ** he spends almost all his tmune there. The worst place in the world for him, I should say, in his present state of nervous excitc. ment." " Well, I must go and find him," I said ; " but before I do so I shall be glad if you will give me any, partioulars in your power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last moments. .When I left Llanmordaff two nights ago, I had not the slightest fears for the poor girl's life. I was anxious, of course, with regard to her state, but my anxiety pointed altogether to her mental sonltion. When did a change for the worst take place, and why was I not tele graphed for immediately ?" "There was no time. We none of us thought her dying until she was dead. I visited her twice the night you left, and found her quiet and inclined to sleep. She seemed to like the woman I had' sent in to nurse her pro tem., and askedherto sit by her and hold her hand. The following morning she was very quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at about 10 o'clock, took her temperature, which was normal, and felt her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I'nottced, how ever, a very grey hueover her face, and won. dered what her complexion was in health." •"She htda bright complexiob,"Ianswered hastily. "Well1, shelookel gry, but there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and I thought her desire for aleep agood sign and begged of the nurse to encourage it as much as possible. I spoke to Raymond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to call again at noon. n I was hindered comihg until nearly one o'clock. I then saw her again ; she was asleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her faoe. Alout a quarter past three, I was just about to leave my house to seea patient at a little distance, when the woaian I had engaged asu nurse rushed in frantically and informned me, with a burst of tears, that 3rs Raeymond was dead. "' She died in her sleep,' said the woman;, without never a sigh or Sa groan. Shejikt stopped breathing, that was all.' ' "I went ovepr at once to the hotel to see her, but P.aymond had locked the' door and wounlnot allow anyone into the room. leven tried to force an entrange,; but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard him muttering and moaning to him self, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild exprersion in his eyes. The momenthe saw me he btold me I was a 'confounded fool,' add 'used' some more strong expressions which Ido not care to re pest. I askedto sethe dea3d woman. With a grest nith he swore that not a seoul hould look athernow againexept?himself." "Then you did not sce her after death?" I "No; there wasno use in worrying the poor fellow." "An' d now aLe is in hereeffn?" Icon. tinane. " Yse. fastened up : allready for her last longjourney.-' ; . . .. :. • said nothing fothe,,ad n a few, momenta wsin Will'ms prla :e. " I masst draw a veil orur the scen which followed. Will'rcs asm"twsnaat too real. Heoouldnot keep still for a moment. His eyeswernbe ght and ssy,hi ha?r unkempt; he had not shaved for aday or two. The mment he sw me he poud out a volley of mg words. Thee he bnat intothe most hatrelg groas I had ever listened to. ?use net meseat It meaner :altered; .-he' laughed and told me with an awful kind of leeof the arrangmet he had made for t "I have ordered them to light beofir," he exlaimed. 'Just the me as if Magg were alive. We have often talked of th bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our home-coming. She shall have her coming bornme all the name, Hu-A . I mvelf win help tobear her aoreo s threshold of her house and mine. She sleefor at least one night under its.. oof-f she goes to join the other wivee of odiotieuiathe family vault. That will pleas her-e, that will please her, poor darin.g.' "But she won't know ay a about it," I replied. 'ill ed me with his bright eyes. "How can you tell " he retorted. "Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine? No, no; you won't get me to believe that. We are twin spirita, and it is im. I possible to part us. Tnsere was a cloud over the sweet soul during the last few days of her life; but Death has lifted it, she is mineagaln now." He paused abruptly here, looked his hands together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if he were looking at something. After a pause I hesaidwith another laugh : "I have an impresion, Halifax, that in the future a spirit will haunt Raymond Towers. Nothing will induce Maggie to tay in her grave when I am living close to 1 her. Do you believe in ghostes " I retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but to soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane at present, he was I evidently on the borderland. . I When he became a little more reasonable I tried to show him how more than aoourd his different arrangements were. "You think you are showing respect for your poor wife's memory for all this sort of thing," I mid. "But you aregreatly mis- 1 taken-people will pity her and think that I grief for her lose has turned your brain." " It has not done that," he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. "I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if you t think, Halifax, that I care that"-li?i??ping 1 his fingers with a loud click as he spoke- " for what anyone thinks of me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, but her opirit lives. All the future of my life will be devoted, to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until until I meet her and clasp her again." There was an exalted sort of look aboutI= his face. I saw it wes hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing whatever for it but to humor him and let this ghastly Iravesty of woe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was eitting in the drawingroom of the inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to the clause which obliged himto certify the factof death having taken place, he had recourse to words provided in the certicato for medical men who had not seen the dead body. "I regrotbeyondwords," I said, "that vou did not see Mrs Raymond after death. You are unable to state as an eye.witness that you saw her. For mypartI should be gladto ee the present law altered. I would make it compulsory that no doctor should sign a , death certificate without having first seen the dead body." " That would be well in most cases," answered Grey, " but there are exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in thisecae. Yonu may remember that I did expressa wish to see the t body, but was prevented by Mr Raymond's extraordinary behavior.' . .. "Well, it cannot be helped now," I said. "Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shock-the said syncope or shock was caused by the railway accident which occurred afew days ago. Were this known a coroner's inquest would have been neces sary. We must be careful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband -intense-pain, which is 'for revert reason to be avoided." . " Certainly," said Grey. "' By theway," I asked, " did th nurse, who must have arrived from London yester day morning, see the body ?" ",No; Raymond would not allow her near the room. Of course, Mrs M'Allister, I the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and the under taker's men had to measure herfor the coffin, or rather shell; bhut no one else has seen her, Halifax, except herwretched husband. I am told that he put her into the coffin hinumlf I and screwed the lid down with his own hands" I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my room. I had scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before I was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I and- 1 denly remembered that Mrs Raymond was lying in her coffin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggle Raymond I I re called her face as it was when I first saw it. I A more innocent and a happier face it would have been difficult to find, but even then I ! was attracted by something pecnliar in her eyes-they were beautiful; but it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw.her for the I last time-she sat up in bed and played with her softhair. Then the mystery whichdwelt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which gave her that peculiar ex pression. This insanity had been rudely awakened into active life by the shock of the railway accident. Well, nowall was over. A short life had come to an abrupt termination. There was no use worrying about Maggie-she hadgone to join the majority. Nothing of life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, ! my real regret, was for poor Raymond. Through the long, hours of the night I heard him walking up and down the room which contained his wife's coffin. Now and I then I heard his groans, and once, good God ! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case aimilar to his wife's Was he, too, fast be. coming insane ?.. I turned over in my mind several plans for helpin3 him, and in the midst of mymeditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and at flveo'clock onethis winter's morning; in the midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slbwly'out of the littls station, carry. ing all that was mortal of poor Mrs Raymond I bok tohbr'hisband's home. : ~Ido not think in my whole life I ever ex ~prienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this j6ourney. We had a saloon carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which the coffin was placed. I was glad to find thnat the excitement whclh had rendered Raymoaid's conduct so strange the night before was now greatly aubdued. Ho was very quiet, scarly speak ig a word, but now and then a g his big band with a caressing movement an the liEof the coffn, and now and then looking out of the ioindow and smiling. I did:not:like the esmile, nor the sort of i satisfed etpresoion'n his iaee. Had hebeeni plunged in the dedpeot woe, I could hae -mi derstood him; He looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mine a was the dead woman who lay in her corfin. 1I wondured how allthis was going to end, and my fears with regard to Raymond'se mental condition were considerable. STife longest journeye come at last to an I end, howevere and in the darkness of evening I we arrived at a little wayside station three milesdistant from Raymtond Towers.' Here the stationmsater and several gentle men from the neighborhood met uo. They were all dreeed in mourning, and I saw that thi fastroused poor Raymond'a indignation at onca. .I do n't want this to be ai'eorni pl o: oemion." he slaid, in a teey'tyi e, to a neigh bor who eams and with deep. feeling bok the poor fellow by the- hand. "I am 'ot co?ventional, and I don't wish anything con ranki doal tobeh doe e.'Wi er is y steward ? Where i Berring "' _ .. ' " IHere, sir," ianswered th m;i taking off his hat. " Berrm r, have you attended to all my orders - bonire., and all that sort of Berra muttered oametliac which noboe could qu?ie Isiu.guie. There was a bustle oth e platform owing to the removal of tim coffin, whielf wVs plaoed on a bier coveed' with a white velvet sloth. At this moment a tomshinig thinghppeeae~-?x?ungssiame forward and laidwreths.of whitenflowers on the eoffln They wereaghtersof neighbor. sag squire. 'This tokn of respeet touched Raymond, who went up an ehookhands with one of them, and fortuately forgot to ask aaythingmore about the beenfires. I saw the Gentlemen who had come to meet him and to offer4beir hearty sympathy ani oondolenees looking atone another in a very significant maano:, andI also saw that the moment bad come for me to interfere. I went up and took my friend firmly by the SHandi off," he maid, pushing me from him with some violeno. But I would not notice this. " Come," I said, " yor carriage is wait ing. Don't make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond.-. I am going with you in the arla.. See, they are already moving forward with - " " My wife-my bride I" said Raymond. "Howoftenm we talked of this home-coming ! Halifax, my dear fellow, I feel dazed. What haecome to me?" "Yon aretred and worn out," I answered, soothingly. "Come." 1 took his arm, and he entereithe brougham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the moarning earriages, the solemn lookof the hearse on in front. It was a moon-lit and fine night, and the whole ghastly procession was, I could see, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Ray mend never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenue which led to the Towers, and after a time d-ew up at theprinoipalentrance, in the centre of the pile of buildings. "This door is never opened except for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," said Raymond, ina light tone. " Heigh- ho!" he contmued, "' what a home-coming for the bonny bride." He sprang out of the carriage and went up to the hearse. The bearers came forward to lift the coffin out. He pushed two of them rourhly aside, and himself helped to carry his dead wife across the threshold of her home. Thecoffin waaplaced on a raised dais in the great central hall. This dais was completely covered with flowers. Raymond, having helped to put the coffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than he had strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered his face with his big hands, and rushed from the scene. I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and I felt a alight sense of satis faction as I closed the wide doors on the last of them. An old. white-headed butler was standing in the hall. His face was perfectly scared. "'Good God!" he exclaimed. "MayI ask, sir, if you're a doctor ?" " Yes," I replied. " Can yonu tell me what's the matter with my poor master ?" " He is out of his mind for the time being." I answered, promptly. "Then God help us all," replied the man. S"' What is your name '" Linqunied of him. : "Jasper, sir. I have served the family for close on thirty years. I was in the house when ?i? William was born. He was never quite like other lads, more .shy like and morose a bit-but, oh, the change in him when be got engaged to Miss Travers ! Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young lady !" " It wasrerysudden," I replied. " I will tell you about it later on. I don't mind say ing now that your master's condition fills me withanxiety, but the best thing all the rest otus man do is to keep our-heal.-- What-i; the name of the steward!" "Berring, Mr erring." "I will see him by-and-by. Have all preparations been made for the funeral cere mony to.morrow ?'" I" believe so, doctor-the oak coffin was sent in to-day." '" Tell Mr Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for the night." "He will sleep here to-night, sir." "Thatisgod." I replied. "I am going to your master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring." "Yes, doctor." The man retired, casting a pitying glanco on the white coffin, which' was now almost covered with flowere. I looked at it, too, and could not help uttering a sigh as I thought of allthe tragedy w-hich it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his study, warming his hands by ablazing fire. He had unite recovered from his temporary break down, and once again I saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. . ",Come in," he said to me when he saw me at the door; "not that we want you-we are very happy here together; I knew that we should he." I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a further develop ment of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow that his wife was really bearing him company. After a moment's hesitation, I determined to speak in a cheerful tone. "Come, come," I said, "even though you are happy you must not turn oat an old friend." I drew a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. "She goes away when you come in," he said. "I wish ywo would leave us." "I willpresently," I answered; "I want some supper, and so do yen. Ah, and here it comes. Lay it on that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that willdo nicely." The man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and insisted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to find that he was hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became less exalted and more haturl in expression. , " She's dead," he said, suddenly. "I can't quite realise it." . "Have a glass of sherry," I interrupted. .He took it from myhand and tossed it off. "She's dead," he continued, " although her sporit has cometo me as I knew it would. Hers was the first deadhbody lever saw. She looked beautiful in her last sleep." "I am nsureshe did," I answered. " I should liketo have seen her." " I always thought that dead people were cold," he continued; "but she was warm aftr death she was very warm. The next day she was cold, but not icy- not as books des cribe the dead." "She died suddenly and was young," I answered. " Sometimes chemical changes ac count for warmth after death. Now, Ray. mond, I am .gong to see you to your room Younmust go to bed at once." "No; I shall stay here." "Just as you please," I answered. "There is a sofahere, acomtortable one. You must liedown and goto sleep." "My dear fellow," he answered, "I have, not slept since Margoie died.'" Y! o will to- night, for I am going to give y sl a eieeoing draeuht." . S "oudou t thinkI'tl take it.? Should she v*isit me again, she would think my condnut heartless." "lNo, she won't--he sleeps well, and so m.ust you. Come, lie down. You need not even undrmes; all I want you to do is to rest." - He was a bigger man than 1, but I foraed him to obey me. He lay down obediently on the soifa. I put a rugover lim, and then going to my h which ly the floor; Itook out a:mal- medh'ne chest mixed a certain dranht, and gave it to him. In five minute. he was soundly seuleep, and 1 -ould leave the roomi. Brring wa uwaitingto speakto me. Old aspr osred about in the passg. errng amenred me that' all wais rady for the morow's oeremoay~: I d wish?dh It to -athe day. He'rring paathia shoueld bedeie, end propoeed that Mr Herbert, the year, who was to oficate, shbould come and see methat evening. 'Iwillee'him to-morrow." I aid. "It is too late now." Then the men began to q~stion mne with regard to Raymond. " We he really in. ase ! Had sW Riatymad gm out of hW mind betore shes di"t? " I am sorry thtl am uableto aew ou." I -*epl"le "Mrs Ngaymm_ dd from th eect' of shock," oanuil by a railway aoeident; and her husbad's miadi at present in a ?erydisturbed oa dition. If great care is exercised; however and he is spared all undue excitemeent, f trust eon to ?eanimpovement in him. I am now going to sit in his room, and will wish youod-niht." The mer atirne, and I went softly besk to the shaded.study,'nd sat down in a chair b the fire. ymnd was sound asleep. I knew that by his tranquil and regular breath ing.. I also, thought it extremely unlikely that he woldwakebefoe the morning. Th bromidis I had given him woaud -prodCe deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. Terers waw bblity also thathe"might awake calm, elf-possed, and in his right mind oae more. (To sm coTrnan.) 