GIVE US A SHOW. ' As Kloaes and the Children of Israel sang their Bong of triumph aiter the csodus from the land oi: bondage, bo may the children of the Tivoli lift up their voices in loud acclaim, because the Rev. H. j Rickards bad come back to them, r or iie is I their strength, and their song, and tlieir I salvation, and they have prepared bim an i habitation, and he shall be exalted. Though | iriibraoh's chariots and his host were cast into the migbty deep, his chosen captains were drowned in the Hed Sea and the deptliB have covered them as tbey sank into the bottom as & gtone. Yet will the voice of the llev. H. Bickards cheer them on as it is lifted up to explain the u Differences between East and West,' and to remark generally that ' It must have been the lobster/' Furthermore, aU who pass by shall find comfort in his cx- hortation concerning a somewhat swift female known as ' Gertie, Gertie, Gertie.' : And his description of ,{'Ampatcad, 'Appy | 'Appy, 'Ampstead' with the additional in formation that ' Yer can't 'elp likin' 'im ' shall be much blessed even as the seed which was sown on good ground brought forth an ; hundred fold. The torgue of the wise useth I knowledge aright. Wherefore we say unto you that Solomon, in all his glory, was not , arrayed like unto the first part of Rickards* show, wherein many yoang and lovely I females disport themselves, and sing sdd^s 'of joy and gladness, la this 20- j spect do we mention 'Misses Bertha laning, Alma Obrey, Stella Stewart, and Amy Kennedy. Herr Scboot w&geth; an imaginary war on several arums, and Delo- , hery, Ciaydon, and Holland perioral many ? feats of dancing and singing. The young men Bovis, of whom we have already written at length, continae to be j of good cheer. Ho that is of a j merry heart hath a continual fea&t.; - Hence the Bovis Brothers should not need to 1 pay away much for 'board and lodging. C. ' 11\. Jones and Arthur Bulme sing unto them- | selves a new song, which meets with much ! acceptation} and Master W. Waddington I bloweth forcibly on the comet in a way I which inclines us most favorably to that | lethal instrument. Brother John C. Leete ! maketh up the records of the house, and separateth the wheat from the tares even as I it was in the brave days of old. 'Flying Scud' came up to the starting I post as fresh paint last night at Her I Majesty e, and nnished up a wifiner vri ih a , length or two xo spare. The piece was ; well put on, and care- 1 follr cast. Mr. Harry 1 Pli miner was the hero, Tom Meredith, and played the part in a fine manly way. The villain, by the way there were four of him, was chiefly Mr. Scot Inglis as Captain Grindley Goodie, assisted in his nefarious work by Mr. Frank Harcourt as Colonel Mulligan, Hr. Albert Marsh as the Jew, Alo Davis, and Mr. A. J. lvimey as Mr. Choweir. The old jockey, Nat Gosling, was safe in the hands of Mt. Stirling VThyte, and it need hardly be said that Miss Emma Chambers made much of her part as Bob Bloater tbe i jockey boy, who his an undue tendency to put on flesh spite of cold tea, dry toast, and stale bread. At the end of Act 2 Was - Chambers sang a song in the familiar styie j which ensured, her popularity when pre vioaflly here, and sundry jockeys danced a hornpipe. Miss Athena Claudius was the ] Katey Bideout, and Miss Watts-Phillips the ] Julia Latimer. Miss Kate Bishop appeared. | as Lady Woodbie, and Mr. C. B. Westmacott as her son, Lord Woodbie. Altogether Mr. Bignold must be congratulated on the way he has put up this favorite old drama, which helped to make Dion Boucicauit's name in the dramatic world. The great race 6cene appealed to the ^porting instincts or the audience as race scenes invariably do, and if ! last night's indications go for anything the management has struck another money I maker. * * * LYCEUM THEATRE. Pinero's "The Cabinet Minister" pro duced last night at the Lyceum is a gorge ous and glorified farce in four acts in which the most striking feature is Mr. Robert Brougn as a shock -headed Scotchman - the Macphail of ballocheevin. When he made his first entry in kilts with his mother (Miss Romer) amongst the crowd of fashionables assembled at Sir Julian Twombley's (the Cabinet Minister) after a big drawing-room, and stood red-bearded and awkwardly silent the house was convulsed with laughter. After Brough in point of interest comes Mr. Titherage as the old and limp politician who has to consider his financial position. This financial position is a spectre he carries around with him all the time. It is a ghost which he can only partially allay by occasionally tootling on a fife. The full mellow tones of a concert flute heard in the wings did not lend any de gree of reality to this pipe-playing propensity on the part of one of Her Majesty's Cabinet Ministers. However, the aforesaid financial position is the cause of infinite worry, and is only removed per medium of a Hebrew money-lender, Mr. Joseph Lebanon (Mr. Boucicault). He in turn gets taken down over some readied-up State information, which is sneaked out of the Cabinet Minister's box. The whole piece is riotous farce costumed in the very height of fashion, with scenic appointments of the most elaborate kind. Mrs. Brough, Mr. Ward, Miss Gibson, and Miss Noble, in addition to the old favorites already mentioned, were en tirely in their element, and of the new people Mr. Renouf (looking somewhat like Charles Warner) and Mr. Franklyne did their duty in that state of life in which Pinero had called them. * * * The Alhambra management is booming matteis merrily. This week a variety of new people have been laid on, and the fun ought to be fast and furionB. Heading the list are the Itidgways. Nellie and Charles, in their specialty act— the invincible wire and the running globe, j Edwin and Minnie Shipp return once more I to their accustomed places, and endeavor to ' live up to the managerial announcement , 'The xaonarchsof genteel sons and dance' and society sketch artists. The fame of these artists extends from the Orient to the : Occident, is sustained by critics' censure, and : stands crowned with a popularity as wide | and warm as ever ambition could covet or art could win.' If J. P. O'Brien goes oa penning advertisements like that, he'll fill the Alhambra so full one of these nights that the walls will bulge out and cause the roof to fall in, and he vriU he extracted from the tains in a horrible and shapeless mans, and his remains will be put in a sugar-bag and an inqneBt will be held, at which a ver dict will be returned that deceased met hie death through a large, fat advertisement falling on hipi. It wouldn't be a logical verdict, but verdicts seldom are. Eva Ger main, a contortionist, William Whitehead, a singer of coster songs, and William Cameron, a baritone singer, are fresh features in the bill, and the old identities remain somewhat as before. Of these there are Horace Cope* land. May and Mowbray, William Ryan, Arthur Farley, George Mackney, the Solo mon Sisters, the Fanning Sisters, and the Durants, these latter in an acrobatic item entitled ** Silence and Fun.' Madame Belle Cole's concert company .frill make a most welcome re-appcarance in Sydney for a four nightseason, commenc ing on Tuesday next. This will be a grand oratorio festival in which Madame ? Belle Cole will have the distance _-of^Ythor- Sidney -r Philkaruioaic Society of 4^0 voices and an augmented orchestra of 70 performers, with Mr. Allpress as leader, Mons Wiegand on tbe grand organ, aud Signor Roberto Hazon as conductor. 'Elijah' is the work selected for the ! first night, Tuesday. On the second 1 night, Thursday, the 41 Hymn of I Praise' with selections from 'Eli,' and: ! ' Jadas Maccabseas' will be given, Satur- I 1 day, June yth, will be devoted to ' The j Messiah.' There can be no question that j ! this will be the greatest all-round oratorio festival we have ever had in Sydney. The j prices of admission are 5s, 3s, and Is. , {Subscription tickets, giving two reserved seats for each evening, £1 1 is 6d. The bos plan ia at Paling's, where os and ?3 tickets | can also be purchased. Fob this afternoon Mr. Larmoor has specially engaged Mr. Claude Hermann, a London singer, Mr. Morton Prior, who haUs from New Zca- 1 land, and Mr. Percy Clitton. who will make his last appearance in Australia prior to sailing for India. The published programme is as fall ef promise as a candidate lor Par liament, but, knowing Mr. Larmour as we do, we can express the opinion tiat it will be more faithfully fulfilled. In addition to the artists named, there vail be many others, and any additional attraction re* fiuiredwiil be found in tbe sheep with six legs, which is still considerably iu evidence. Jlrss Jennie Maynard a lady of much tal ent, who comes hither to amuse us with ' music, song, and story, I js an entertainer of the | corney grain,— George | (Jrossmitb School. Per* I formers such as she are all the rage in Eng land just now. As manufacturers . 6ay of their goods, ' no fashionable At-Home is complete without one.' Single- handed en tertainme*:4 s euch as Mies Maynard gives are Eomewhat ). '?1 in Australia, and this one should come . ? - relief. From start to finish we arc promise ^mething as amusing as a policeman slippi- on a banana skin— amus- ing, yet artistic au~ select. Her first appear* ance in Australia will be at the School of Arts iiext Saturday, June Oth. ' As is usual with this favorite- place of resort, I the attendance continues to increase. J t is I noticed a large ma jority of the patrons make it their duty to j p.ctend nightly. This I is a good sign, for it ' proves they combine health exercise with pleasure. On account of the great success of the ' Ladies Night ' last Thursday, the manager has decided to hold a fancy dress carnival at an early date. It is intended to conduct it on similar lines to the famous Carnival of Nice. TIVOLI THEAT&3. I 'HEfi MAJESTY'S I 3HE&TR;& 1YCEUH ALH&KB;&A; MUSIC HiLL. Ibelle cols .CONOE2T 00. CQQG-3S III33 J2NHXS IAELINGHUBST SEATING SINE. 