THE PHYLLOXERA OUTBREAK. EHE VTTICULTORAL BOARD'S RECOM „ MENDATIONS. FIERCE ATTACK ON THE GOVERN MENT..: At the meeting of the Viticultural Board, yesterday afternoon, Mr. 0. Craike said the Agricultural department always treated the recommendations of the board with contempt, and it had done so in regard to the appoint ment of inspectors to inspect the vineyards of the colony, and see whether they were infected with phylloxera. If it continued, lie would resign. The board was not paid, and he ob jected to the contumely with which the board was treated by the press, and seemingly in the same way by the Government. The members of this board only got their railway passes. For 16 years ho had given his services free to the Government. It was decided at the last meeting that it waH imperative a thorough inspection should be ma.de o f all vineyards of the colony. The Phylloxera Board endorsed that decision, but the recommendation was treated with scorn. Mr. ITcpton was the o:;ly phylloxera expert in the colony, and the adverse} criticism passed (.:> him was unfair. The phylloxera had been in Bemligo for 10 or 12 years. Ho would resign if the Government continued to treat them so. Mr. Marliu, Secretary of Agriculture, appeared to have constituted himself the Phyl loxera Board, and if that board wasto be treated in the silly way the last resolution was, by sendin<r the Government entomologist to Great Western, he would resign the Phylloxera Board loo. It was the veriest farce that ever was perpe i raleil to send citlH-r Mr. French orSignorBragato to inspect vineyards, for they were not experts. He denied that the Phylloxera Board was re sponsible for the destruction of the Geelong vineyards. Mr. Levien, when Minister, had defeated the objects of the board, whose advice, had it been taken, would have resulted in the stamping out of the phylloxera at Geelong long before it was. Trenching and treatment of the soil was not tried till three years after recom mended. Wea the board a parcel of children i«> Mr- heii-leu in iiie fashion d-jjeeribed ; V.Vre the members men or mice ? Wkafc was the gc-id of coming so far and meeting monthlv ? The members ind been ignored and scouted. Formerly the members of the board had free passes over all the lir.es. All they got last year was a sectional pass, and the Minister of Railways had grossly insulted the board. Now there was difficulty in getting any pass at all. As a practical and independent man he considered the board was useless. Unless a railway pass was sent to him within a week to travel to meetings of the board he would re si jr.. Mr. Daly concurred in Mr. Craike's remarks. If the Government continued to treat the board as stated by Mr. Craike, it had better give up the ghost. The wine industry wr.s a most im portant one, and it was bitter to reflect that the Government had treated it in this fashion. It cost him £5 a month to come to town. The wine industry was superior to fruit growing and wheat growing or any other. If the Government did not recognise him the best thing the members could do was to stay at home and mind their business. Mr. Daly continued to rail against the Government, and became very indignant, especially about the railway pisses. Mr. Craike considered he had been trod upon. They all should resign, and he was sure their constituents would re-elect them. He moved that a deputation wait on the Minister of Aariculture in regard to the free pisses, and that if lie did not give the board a satisfactory answer that it go to the Premier. The motion was carried, as was another that the Minister be asked to make members of this hoard gazetted members of the Phylloxera.— i"i'amlord. 