TOPICS OF THE DAY. At the fortnightly meeting of tho Hawthorn branch of tho A.N.A., hold last ovening in tbe local town hall, a lec ture was delivered by Councillor Smith on " Anciotit and Modorn Journalism." There was a largo attonuanco, who us- tenod with great attention to tho early history of some of the great nowspapcra now in oxialonco, aud tho difficulties the prcBB had to contend with beforo it ob- tiiiuod the power it holds to-day. Tho lecturer, for example, dispollod tho idea suggested by one of the mem bers that tbo modem leader writer was a man who went into a hotel, obtained a glass of beer which in- spired him with his subject, called for another, and thon commonced to writo. Ho stated that, on the contrary, in Melbourne alone tho gentlomon who occupied tho position of loader-writers were, as a rulo, the most cultured aud educated that could bo obtained. Infor mation was also given as to tho worlr of a nowipapor stafL from tho oditor down wards. Tho children from the State schools, Mornington, hod a very pleasant outing organised by Mr Mallor, hoW master, Bod Hill school, with tho ansiitanco of a number of the local residents in placing their traps nt tho disposal of tho com mittee to carry the children to tho train. Tho train was well packed with tho children and their parents. They wore carried by the train direct to tbo Zoo, and it proved a very enjoyable outing for all. Tbo groat bulk of tho children had never beon to town before, consequently had nover soon n tram. Everything went off woll. and tho children wero highly de lighted with their euting. The facility offerod by tho railway commission in carrying tho chiidron direct to tbo Zoo rolioves the masters of a groat roponsi- bitity. No doubt other schools will follow tho cxamplo sot by tho Mornington pcoplo. At tbo last meeting of tbo Victorian News Agents' Association tbero wan a very good attendance. Mr Humo Cook, wsfl oloctcd chairman, vice Mr Williams resigned, ond nn increased membership ol over twenty was reported. On tho 17th July last a soizuro of illicit spirits was made by Dotcctivo Christie at tho Halfway Houso Hetol, Notting Hill, near Mulgruro. Tho porsou who had possession was arrested by tho dotoctivo and charged with a breach of tho 133rd section of tbo Customs jnnd Exciso Duties Act at the 6ak- loijgh Polico Court, when ho was found guilty, and fined L50, with tho nltonia- tivo of three months imprisonment. Tho snrno night Christio traced tho still to tho promises of ono Dougald M'Grogor at Ehvood and seizpd it. Tho latter was summoned to the St. Kilda Polico Court, charged with having possession of an un licensed still, when /ho was orderod to pay a fine of £50, or bo imprisoned for six months. Mr. Morgan, who appeared for M'Gregor, appealed to the General Soisiuna against tho decision, and when tho cast) was ro-honrd boforo Mr. Justico Worthington tho appeal was dismissed witli costs. Mr. Jonos, who apjioarod for tho appollant, Bubsoqaontly stated a caso for tho Supremo Court. Tho aruumonts woro hoard this morning, boforo Mr Justico A'Beckett, who, after carefully considering all tho facts, gavo judgment for tho Customs, ruling that tin still us soizod by Christio was a still within Iho moaning of tho Act. An impetus will bo givon to tho groat spook controversy whioh has beon raging in'Sydnoy by a private soanco to bo hold at tho Waxworks thin evening, whon Professor Davis, woll known as a clover illusionist, will roproduco all of Mrs Motion's spirit testa under stringent con ditions. Tho familiar sniritB Cissio, Goordio, and Josophina will ho prcsont by special arrangement. Thero 111 indocd somo approhonsion that theno spirits may presently be called upon to perform tho feat of appearing in two places at tbo ono timo, but this may bo regarded aa perfectly within astral possibilities. Pro fessor Davis docs nob propose to'ndopt tho trcLtmcnb rocommendod by his Emi- nonco Canlmul Moran nnd apply tho hydropathio treatment U tho Spiritualists, but to demonstrate that their tnirsclos aro only clever foata of conjuring. Thero whs an air of Christmas about tho large board room nt Brokon Hill Chambers lost ovoning, alboit — or should it he becauso — Marloy'a Ghost walked tlioro. About 150 ladies und gontlomon assembled at tho last mooting of tho Victorian Shorthand "Writers' Association for tho yonr. Mr W. T. Iteay, vico- prosidont, was in tho chair, in tho aksenco of tho president, Mr Higgins, ongagod at his Parliamentary duties. Certificates of conipetoncy irere pre sented by Mr Smart to thoso who had been successful uudor test examinations. Tho business was rapidly disposed of. Then Dickons's Christmas Carol, but vory slightly nbridged, was read in capital stylo, four young ladies in turn taking part. For tho dolightful rendition of tho crnl, with which they favored tho atten- tivo nudionco thoru had been' studious preparation. Tho reading was bo grnco- fill, forcoful, and every way good, that it would havo dono credit to professional olocutionisls. Tho renders wero Misses Alpon, Blnkoly, Scott nnd Nntikivell. Pretty songs wora contributed by Misses Alpon and Wotton, and Mrs Clarchugh played brilliantly on tho piano. Tho proceedings closed with Auld Lang Syno. i'ho noxt mooting of iho association is fixod for tho second Thursday in January. The Goldun Giant, wliich lias proved to bo one of tho bent piccos staged at tho Tlieatro Royal by Miss Maggie Mooro, wi(l ba performed for tho lost tiuio this ovoning. To-morrow tiio popular comedy Struck Oil drama will bo revived, together witli ths farcu Tho Obinese Quostion, and thoso pieces will bo played throughout this wook, at tho ond of whioh Mins Maggio Moore's soazon will terminate. Tho box plan of Struok Oil is now open ub Allan's. Tho Aubharised Nows Agents' Associa tion1 of Victoria hold thoir usual monthly meeting last night at the Duko of Roth- say Hotel, a fair numbor of mombors woro preaont. nnd tho chair was occupied by Mr T. Moody. After tho minutes woro confirmed and tho corrcspondonco dealt with, tho picnio affairs nnd balnuco- slteob wero Inid beforo tho meinbors end finally disposed of. Two now mom bors were proposed, after which several members' grievances wore discussed mid settled . aud satisfactory urrangemoats made for receiving and delivery of various publication during tho approuch- jng holidays. A meeting of lho»e favorablo to the estab. liahmentofa now Ireo- trade aoolely will ho bsld in the Aoombiy Hall, Collins atreol, this evening. Mr Robert Joub will pro- aide, and Mr Murray Smith, M.LA., and other prominent freetraders have promised tp apeak in auppork of tbe objects "f tht meeting. Ladies who aro in sympathy witii the movomeal are Invited to attend. M«isrs Lemmo and Haynca will soli to- morrow, at 11 o'clock, at their room, 331- 333 Collins atrtet, lino collootion of pot plants, hollys for OhriBtmaH decorations. Having bcn chartered for the Ysrravillo Sugar Works' picnic, tha Ozone will not mtketbe ctutomary Saturday afternoon trip to Sctraappcr Point to-morrow, but will run totbatplooo us usual on Buaday afternoon next, as advertised in our shipping columns. lu our advertising oolumuo Dr Arthur Nyulay returns thanks to his supporters in the Prahran Council eteotlou. He was re turned by a considerable majority. To band this 'morning is the Christmas numbor of the " Sun." It contains a oom- medietUeotitled Emancipated, appropriately illustrated, a likeness of Mrs Forbei, wlfo of the ADO of that nsme, and tho usual quan, tlty of interesting iniormaiiou. Attention is drawn to the favorils Sunday excarxion by the s.i. Edins to Geeloucr, PortarllnfftoDandBellariuo Gardens, leaving Quesas' Wharf on Sunday next at 11 ram. This oVting- on tho water is being much availed of this bsosoq. The roturu fare is fixed at two shillings and first olass meals art provided at one shilling. \ 