THE DISAPPEARANCE OF MR. DERWENT. A MYSTERY. CHAPTER XIV. . ABNOLD KRTLFKFL A CALL. By THOHAS COBB, /'The House by the Common," Weflderburn's Will," " The Wes Hopes," &o.t; ko. How s old Ann, Floy," asked Arnold at breakfast oa Saturday morning. "Had a pretty good night J" , " A night of great pain," was the answer. Every now and then she starts up in agony. Dr. Yirefr says she will die in one of these paroxysms/' "Angina pectoris, that's true enough," he •aid sagely. " You ought to have a nurse. The idea of your haying this sort of thing night after night!" "There is the expense to be considered, 1 * she replied rather wearily. "You forget that Dr. Viret practically pays for everything. Besides, Ann is not an ordinary servant. X like to do what I can for her." "Ob, all right, if that's the oase," he exclaimed, rising abruptly. " By-the-by, Floy, I'm going bo make a little call." " Where ?" she asked, looking op quickly. '' Next door,- to be sure." "Oh, Arnold !" "Why not?" he demanded. "Why shouldn't I return Fairford's visit ? Not much harm in looking up a friend of yours and Uncle Roderick's, is there, Floy ? What have you got to say against it ?. You've no reason, I'll swear." "Never mind my reason, Arnold; I am sure you won't go. I don't wint you to go. I ask you to oblige me by staying away." "Look here, Floy," he answered, "there's hardly anything you oan ask me I won't do gladly." " One can generally obtain what one does not want," she returned. "There is nothing •lie I wish tc ask you, but I do very particularly want you to oblige me in this." As she sat gazing eagerly into his face he brought a chair to her side, and resting his arms upon the table leaned across it. "Don't you want to learn the truth about Uncle Roderick?" he demanded. "Of oonrse, you know I do. You know how anxious I am to learn the troth. But neither Mr. Fairford nor—nor. say one at hishouse oan have the slightest glimmering of an idea of it. Not any more than you yourself have." " I haven't a scrap. How should I have, considering I was not even in England attba time ? But she knows the more I think of it the more sure I become." " Then," she said, rising and drawing herself erect, so that he forgot Owen for the moment to admire her glorious form, "you refuse to oblige me? I ask you to do just this one simple thing, and you say no." "I'd a deuced sight rather say yes," he replied; " and it's for your sake I stand firm quite as muoh as my own." " That," she retorted, " is perfect nonsense. I don't want you to do anything for my sake." " Well," he urged, "if you really believe the woman is ignorant where is the harm in my calling upon Fairford f Why should yon be so preoious anxious ehe shouldn't be ran to earth ?" She flushed prettily. " Not for that reason at all," she answered. "But you believe this—this person lives at Forest Prospect." "So do you, Floy." " And if she does that Mr. Fairford wishes to keep his own o»tinsel oenoeming her. I bate this notion of prying into another person's affaire." "That begs the entire question. I maintain it is my affair—very muoh my affair. It's not as though I intended to give myself away. It's true I mean to go, but he will never know why. Tust a friendly look up, you know." "Friendly !" she exolaimed contemptuously, Vnd, leaving him, went away to torment herself by wondering whether, in her seoret desire to help Owen, she had not been betrayed too far. Was she so sure thai IhiB person had no connection, however Innocent, with her father's disappearance? Was she prepared to forego a knowledge of Ihe truth sooner than bring further trouble Upon. Owen? For of one thing she felt no donbt—whatever explanation of the mystery might eventually be forthcoming, it moat necessarily redound to Owen's credit. Concerning Arnold she felt a fraeh disappointment. So this was the extent of her influence over him which he had vaunted., The day before yesterday he declared she posseyed power to make or mar his life; this morning he refused to give up one desire in order to please her. Fortune favouring the bold perhaps dis- - oovered Owen on his doorstep when the. visitor arrived at Forest Prospect about 11 o'clock. "A jolly morning," he exclaimed, in that peculiarly jaunty, cordial manner of his. " So preoious dull at home I thought I'd give you a look up. I see you're an idle man like myself, so I'll just m^ke myself at home and walk in." For a moment Owen seemed to hesitate, and Arnold begah to expect a rebuff. Then Owen ttepped.into the hall. "Oh, oome in," he said in a tone whioh would have repulsed a less thick-skinned man. "Come into the dining-room if you don't mind. Youll have a drink?" "Thanks. The worst of a house with a woman at the head of it. She never under- itands a Johnny's wants. You can't find it very froliosome here," he added, helping himlelf from the whisky and the syphon whioh Dwen took from the sideboard. " No, I don't,"answered Fairford,following ais guest's example and sitting down. " My cousin tells me you live alone, too." Owen nodded assent. "How on earth do you kill time? By killing birds, I suppose ? Shoot at all ?" " In April ?" asked Owen with a smile. " I forgot. To tell you the truth I think I'm going dotty. My head has only got one idea in it justnow. You see I have all my work out out. Imagine my position—a thousand a year ready to drop into my hands, and yet devil a sou can I touch until I prove my uncle's death. It isn't so muoh that I am aotaated by a desire to punish the murderer" "It!he was murdered." " Well, what do you think ?'' "I try to keep an open mind until I see some more evidence," answered Owen. " That be hanged!" cried Arnold, whose head soon became affeated. " You ean't help having a theory." " If I were bound to express an opinion," said Owen coldly, " I should say Mr. Derwent committed euioide." "Then where on earth is the body ?" " If I oould answer that question the truth would have been known long ago. No doubt Mr. Derwent was beside himself with grief. His bed had not been disturbed; he had not lain down that night. He was heard to oall his dead wife at 11 o'clock—a sign his mind was unhinged, at all events, for the moment. I don't agree with Inspector Holt that he merely went away, simply beoause I know of many cases where suicides have evidently tried to hide all traces of their aots. God help them !" " Well,"answered Arnold, leaningexcitedly forward. " I'll tell you what I believe. You remember my oousm's story about the housemaid, and what she eaw ?" \- Arnold waited for an answer, but none was forthcoming. Owen's face, however, beoame a shade paler, and taking a glass he filled it from the syphon, and moistened bis lips. " You remember that?" Arnold insisted. " Yes, I remember that." The recolleotion apparently caused him anything but satisfaction. " Very well. Now it's evident this woman prowlB about the village at night." " Evident that she was walking in the tillage one night, perhaps." "Who is she ?" Arnold demanded, leaning further aoross the table. "Nobody knows who she is, where she lives. Nobody but this servant of ours ever saw hor. Mustn't there be some pretty strong reason for keeping her dark?" „ ^ " I should imagine so. Owen moisteued his lips a second time. " Suppose she's a luny" " I beg your pardon?" " A lunatic—out of her micd, off her head, dotty, you know." Owen started perceptibly. "Suppose she's a lunatic, I say." "YeB, yes; I quite understand." "I wish to heaven I did!" Arnold exolaimed. "Well, then suppose, again, she encountered my uncle that night of the fourth of March." Owen rose, and walking to the window, stood looking out of it. " My imagination is not strong enough,"he •aid quietly. She may be as ignorant as the rest of us—as innocent." Owen seemed to be p'.aoing • great control upon himself, speaking as if the words were wrung from him. "Theu," Arnold demanded, " why doesn't •he np6ak out?" " Being ignorant, how can she ?" " She isn't ignorant. Innooent she may be. I'll swear she saw my unole that night. Why ts there so much mystery about her ?" "Surely," Owen returned, "there maybe txceilent reasons for that—reasons of the — the woman's own, of no ooncequenoe to any one else." "I'll find oat," cried Arnold. The two men were facing eaoh other now. "The wisest course for her friend? is to help me. If they don't the consequences rest with them. If I drop across her I'll have that vail off her face" . " She is a woman, Derwent," eaid Owen; and his fists were nervously clenched. " A hang for that! if she's a devil I shall tackle her. " An you suggest, said Owen, " she may kave friends. Mr. Dsrvent." " I am not afraid of them or any man living," Arnold retorted. " My only wish is to get possession of my own. Well," he added, "I didn't oome hereto excite myself, only to kill time — juBt to look you up, you know. Time I was getting back to Florence." As he passed through the hall, he turned delibanrtely and looked about him. "A nice old stairoase," he said. "You can't say you haven't plenty of room ; that's why you put the partition up, I suppose? Well, good- by, Fairford. I hope you'll give ns a look up again before long; and don't out away so early next time you oome. Ta-ta." Owen Fairford re-entered his dining- room, and walking to the fireplaoe rested his head in his bands. There was no one to see biB face, but had there been a spectator he would have needed a hard heart indeed not to sympathise with its utter misery. Nor did Arnold appear entirely pleased by the interview. "I wish now I had taken your advice and stayed at home, Floy," he said after luuoheon. "That's the worst of me, I never see things until it's too late. Not but that I gained something. I had very little doubt before, but now I'll stake my life she lives there— behind that partition upstairs. I'd give something for a quarter of as hour behind it. Still I admit I made a mistake; I showed my hand, you see." " I—I don't quite understand," Florenoe answered. " Well, of oourse, he knows I'm on the watoh now. He'll keep her close, whoever she is. He'll have to, if he doesn't want me to see her." CHAPTER XV. ASSAULT AND BATTEBT. After dinner that evening Florence left her cousin to his own reaouroes, but at 11 o'olock came down from Ann's room to bid him goodnight. " Don't let them turn out the lights," he said. " It's no use my going yet. I may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hour or more." She clasped her hands nervously as she looked down into his upturned face. "No use going where?" she faltered. " On the watoh, to be sure." "Oh, Arnold,"she cried, "I hoped you had jhad enough of this." ".Enough ! I haven't begun. Why, Floy, I told I meant to shadow that woman like death." "Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. Mr. Fairford was a friend of father's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you oalled at his house and pretended that he was a friend of yours. Please, Arnold, give in to me in this." "Sorry, Floy, but it oan't be done," be answered. _ " It puzzles me you take suoh an interest in the ohap. You haven't known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I've discovered the truth youll be thaukfal I stood firm for once in my life." She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two chairs. Shortly after midnight he became eager to be doing something. It \?as a cool, fresh night, and he turned np his coat-oollar as he quitted the house. Then be took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore-tree, and fixed his eyes upon the two gates of Forest Frospeot. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited there two weary hours, no sound fell upon his ears' save the striking of the distant churoh olook, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the occasional crowing of a restless chanticleer. It was 11 the next morning when he oame down to breakfast. "No luck last night," he said. "Of oourte I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was! Well, Floy, we'll sae who tires first." Arnold Derwent was not the only person in Rookfield who perplexed his mind about the mysterious woman in block. After going dutifully to Churoh on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father's oottage, a clean, white building, with a, roof of extremely ornamental thatoh, standing at a convenient distonoe from the churchyard ; the field of Mr. Mogford's labours for so many years that at least as far as the living were oonoerned he regarded that domain as virtually his own property. "It's my opinion you see a ghost, Liz," said Mrs. Mogford, the only blaok-haired member of the family. " Ive seen 'em myself, , oome to that. Take the night before poor Aunt Lotty died." "It wasn't no ghost," declared John, the eldest son; I never saw a ghost. I lay she'd holloa if I laid hold on her." John followed np the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew his huge boots farther beneath his chair. ~"If, it wasn't a ghost," said Mrs. Mogford, "£ don't see no harm done. A person can walk what time she likes and no harm done, if so be she M a person. What do you say, father?" "Isay the same as you say, Emma," answered Mogford, who from long experienoe found this a plan whioh saved trouble and ill-feeling. He was a thiokset, bow- legged dreary-faced man with a shock of bright red hair, and an invariable smell of earth about his clothes. " We'll soon find out that 'ere," said James, the younger born. "How's that, Jim?" asked Lizzie; "how are you going to find out ?" " Watch and see, Liz. Ain't that reason ? If you want to find out what a thing is, jost look at it, and there y'are. You're in it, John?" "I'm there, James." "I don't know but what I'll make another," said Mogford, senior; "eh, missus ?" Between a desire to afford her rash offspring the natural protection of their father and to preserve her husband from danger, Mrs. Mogford wavered ; but at last the plat was hatched, and Lizzie told Florence all about it on Monday morning. Later in the day, meeting Owen Fairford in the village, Florence stopped. He seemed entirely to have forgotten his embarrassment at the Rookery the other night, and after some casual remarks asked after Ann. "She is dying fast," was the reply. " Dr. Viret doubts whether she will live through the day. I should not have left her, only he insisted that I shonld come oat for half au hour." When presently her small hand rested a moment in hi* rather large one she longed yet did not dare to warn him of the rod in pickle. Not only was Arnold on the watch, but the Mogfords also; and, between them, surely Owen must be compelled to suffer. And there was another still more vigilant, entirely unsuspected either by Florenoe or Owen. Joe Bodger, having gained an inkling of the Mogford scheme at the Lion, regarded it as a design to take the bread out of his own open mouth. But when, about 5 o'olock, the clouds whioh had been lowering all day burst furiously over Rookfield, Joe rejoioed. If the Mogfords were so ill-advised as to turn out they would Beoure only a duoking for their pains; nobody else was likely to follow their example ! Accordingly, ho himself turned in at 11, and was lying listening to the rain pattering on the roof overhead, when he heard a door opened and closed, and reached his look-out just in time to see a tall, dark figure leave the gate, to all appearances the same in every respect as usual, except that itiBtead of, or, for all he oould see, as well as, having the face hidden by a veil, an umbrella was held low down over the head. Ardently as Joe longed to follow he durat net. Besides the obvious difficulty that he was not Buitably olad at the moment to brave the storm; if the Mogfords defied the elements and watohed there wculd ensue a fracas, from which it were discreet if Joe absented himself. Meantime threeredheaas,covered by as many black hats, were bowed behind the churchyard wall, a few yards from the lyoh-g&te.; The rain beat piteously down upon them, causing Mogford senior to wish he had left the hazard to his sons, whom no weather, good or bad, ooute hive kept from the anticipated sport. '"Arf arter," ejaculated John, an the Ohuroh olook struok half-post midnight. " How much more of it? that's what I'd like to know," grumbled Mogford, trying to twist himself so that the rain should not find its way down his neck. "Hullo!" whispered John. I heard summat!" Patting their heads close together they listened attentively. Yes, through the noise of the pouring rain they distinguished heavy, regular footstep?, approaching slowly. "Look here," murmured JameB, me and father'll bide, while you go togate, John. Then you'll tackle her, ond" " Not me, James. Me and father'll bide while yon go on ahead." "Or maybe father'd be the best, suggested James, no longer coveting the leadership. "Stiok together, one and all, I say," answered Mogford. A thrill of suppressed exoitement wa9 common to the three. "She's coming," whispered John. Raising their heads above the wall they all peered over. Two sets of teeth chattered, and Mogford, whose teeth were for the most part things of the past, quaked in his shoes. There was the tall figure in black, just as Lizzie described it, save that the face was hidden by an umbrella. The pouring rain prevented the three watchers from olearly distinguishing auy details, except the left hand hanging bare. As it drew level with their ambush the Mogfords stooper lower and crept along under the shelter of the wall towards the lyoh-gate. Then Mogford senior opened it. " We won't stpnd no nonsense," said James, ovinoing a courteous desire to stay behind and shut the gate; but the others waited for him, and three abreast they advanced to meet the all black figure. Stopping right in front of it they effectually barred the way. Next moment the umbrella was raised, and, to their utter astonishment and confusion, they found themselves face to faoe with Owen Fairford. He was clad in a long blaok mackintosh ; and, what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, and their preoonceived opinions, it had been quite easy to mistake his sex. "Well," he exclaimed, "what do you want ? You appear to occupy a good deal of the highway." Mogford felt that he was in a quandary. He scarcely knew what explanation to offer, and, after rubbing his head for some seoonde in oonfusion, Btammered an apology, and, followed by his two sons, beat an undignified retreat. As he declared subsequently, you might have knocked him down with a feather; and his wife summed up the whole case " Liz is just orazed," she said. But the incidents of the night were not at an end yet. True to his word, Arnold Derwent had watohed and waited in vain. If he had not paid that visit to Forest Prospeot doubtless, as he continually told Florenoe, the woman would have come forth and delivered herself into his hauds ere now. But to-night seemed to him propitious. Owen Fairford would not give him credit for sufficient perseverance to brave the elements. It was exactly the night to throw him off his guard, exactly the night to bring forth the woman whom his watchfulness had recently confined within doors. Accordingly, he oome out a little after halfpast 12, having waited till the last moment in order to reduce his inevitable ducking to the minimum, and took his stand beneath the sycamore-tree. He oould not see muoh through the slanting lines of rain ; but about 1 o'olook, thinking he heard foorsteps, he craned his head forward, and peroeiving a person in block on the point of entering the farther gate of Forest Prospeot, ran swiftly along beside the hedge, and himself entered the nearer gate, hoping to intercept the person before the front door oould be gained. Within a second of being too late, the door nearly closed, in his exoitement Arnold threw himself against it with all his force. It immediately flew wide open, and, to his surprise, he was confronted by Owen's stern, white face. Still Arnold persisted. Planting his right foot upon the mat he attempted to make good his entry. "Leave my house," eaid Owen, looking down upon him threateningly. But Arnold's blood was up, and he was not the man to be turned book by a threat. He stepped forward, and Owen immediately stepped back, straightened bis right arm, struok the intruder fairly between the eyes, and sent him headlong on to the gravel path. He fell upon his elbow, bent at an angle, and as the door was closing a second time uttered a loud cry of pain. " Are you hurt?" asked Owen, coming to his side. " Good Lord! you have broken my arm!" " What on earth did you mean by foroing your way into my house ?" demanded Owen, placing his hands beneath Arnold's armpits to raise him. "Don't jaw," was the answer. "Give me a handkerchief—just make a sling. " Look sharp. A little more, and I'm hanged if 1 shan't go slick off." 