THE C.O.D. MAN. There was a scuffling along the hall —a halt—a lew seconds of deep silence, and then a roice remarked— " I hinted to yon the other day that I ehonld likely call again. Z am here. If yon have no serioos objections I will seat myself on thiB chair. Can I take it that yon do not object P" I looked np to disoover that it was the G.O.D. man. So far as I could observe there was no change in him. If the tramp never improves he never dete riorates. Same man—same looks—same clothes. If this tramp had fallen into the river sinoe his last visit the water had simply glided right past him and left him unwashed. " Years and years ago," said the man in a dreamy way, as he placed his oat skin cap on the floor and set one foot on it to prevent escape, " I flattered myself that I knew human nature. I now look back and smile at my conceit. I didn't know the ABC of nature when I thought I knew it alL Yon may have made the same mietake ? I think yon have. I think you will agree with me that ham an nature is not to be aiued np and tied np in bandies and delivered about like kindling wood." I agreed with him perfectly, bat as long as he assumed that I did it was no ase to say so. " Take an incident that happened in my career yesterday," he went on, as he eooliy picked the stab of a cigar off my desk and used my last match to light it. " 1 tailed at the side door of a hand some residence on one of yoor uptown streets and asked the servant for a raw potato to blnnt the knife-like edge of my hanger. Was it unreasonable in me to figure that homan natare would hand me oat a couple of generous sandwiches instead? Was I wrong in expecting that I wonld at least get a decontish ham bone ? Was I wildly visionary in dreaming that I might be presented with a pair of old shoes or a coat of later vintage than this in addition to food?" He wasn't, bnt I wasn't going te tell him so. '411 perceive that yon are with me," he said, as he surveyed the tee of his right shoe with a critical eye. " Soman nature went dead bask on me again. The girl not only cheerfully granted my request, but added a parsnip to the potato and her blessing to both. I came —I figured—I got left 1 When yon tbink human natare is sure to turn in certain directions you are apt to find it going exaatly contrary. Did yon speak, sir ?" No, I hadn't said anything. I was wondering if he didn't eall somewhere and try to trade hi* potato and parsnip for an onion, bat I was sore 1 didn't wonder aload. " An honr or two later," he said, as he nnfaBtened one of the safely pins holding his coat together that his longs might haTe more play, " I had the lack to ran across a motherly woman in her own kitchen as I called and aBked for tornip peelings. 444 Do yon believe in a hereafter!' she aBked, in a kindly voice. "' I do, ma'am.' "4 And yon hope to go to heaven when yonr earthly toil iB over ?' " * I've strong hopes—very strong.' «««And are yon living an upright, con scientionB life, and seeking to set a gcod example to othen ?' "4 That's me, ma'am, to a dot. It is now three years since I went home to find my wife and children ' 14 4 Please don't call up things which might sadden me. Ton deserve to be rewarded, and I hope that what I am | going to give yon will encourage yon to persevere in the straight and narrow path, and realise that friends will be raised np to meet yon when the day I seems darkest.' 441 sized that woman np as motherly and benevolent, and when she stepped oat of the kitchen I figured on a full suit of clothes, a square meal, and about 50 cents in cash. She returned in a minute with my reward, and what d'ye suppose it was ? You have the floor," He was bound to tell me in the end, so it was idle to goers. There wasn't a ghost of a smile on his faoe when he said—* "An old family umbrella with three ribs broken and about forty boles in the cover! There were tears in her eyes when she bid me good-bye and hoped to meet me in the better land. I came—I figured—I carried that umbrella around the corner and hit a dog with it, and it was no more. Hare you any particular object in holding your breath this after noon ?" I had. My long and successful expe rience with tramps has taught me that silenee is a great discourager. I didn't answer his enquiry in what he considered a reasonable time, and he very carefully arose, crossed his feet, placed his left hand on hip, and softly observed— " To deny that Z am in urgent need of ready cash would be base deceit and un worthy of the pair of us. Under existing circumstances we should work together. That is, I will work you for the both of us. You are the first deaf and dumb newspaper man I ever ran across, and I have perhaps given you a new insight into human nature without a shirt to its back. Therefore, we find something in common. Both of as should make something oat of it. As I introduced myself the other day, I am the C.O.D. man. I collect ou delivery. If I have nothing to deliver I collect jnst the same. The credit system would ruin my busi ness inside of ninety days." I had made up my mind when he first entered the room that not a single stiver should he get out of me, no mat ter how softly he worked hie racket, bat suddenly, and to my great humiliation, I found my determination breaking down. " Had you done yonr share of the talking I should have let you off with a dime," he said, as he grazed fixedly over my head at the window. " As it is, my charge will be fifteen cents. If you have a quarter I can make the charge. Ah! that's it! 0. 0. D. beats three of a kind every day in the year. This call, as you understand, is only an informal one. Some day, when I get a shirt and feel like myself, I shall insist on the customary formalities. Meanwhile, I am, as ever, yours very truly—the C. 0. D. man 1 He waved his hand, pulled his cat skin cap down as far as it would stand the strain, and while I was looking fall at him he sort of tangled up and faded out and vanished, and though I listened intently I could not even hear the scuff of his footsteps in the hall. Qaeer man, bi ii, but I fitber4fo bin to «U,a 