ABOVE THE SPEAKER sketches in parliament. Bt TntOTBBU8. "Timotheos placed on high." -1 stirring week haB been suoceeded by one more wearisome, bat with events which may bear fruit later on. The discussions all throughout on the Estimates and on the taxes go to Bhow that the Ministry to really represent this Chamber has yet to be formed. It mil substantially be more of a country Ministry than any Government which the colony has yet seen. Country members on the Government side appear to be looking more and more askance at the company they are left with, and with more and more sym pathy to their friends who now sit in the Opposition Comer—" not lost but gone before." Nor is their unrest a matter for any surprise. It is ridiculous to say that the finances are being settled from a country Standpoint After the long debate the divisions fixing the scope of the land tax were taken rapidly and almost in silence—five following each other within the hour. This is about as quick work as anything seen in Parliament The carrying of the £500 exemption has probably put the measure through. As the Government introduced the bill it is evident that it would have been a squeeze to obtain a third reading majority, but a bill taxing 184,000 men is one measure and a bill taxing 28,000 is another. Privately Ministers had been playing off the exemption men against the all-round taxers—the men who would tax land on principle. That after all they were fairly token by surprise by the change, that they really expected that the all-round taxers would win, wa9 shown by their admission that they could not proceed with their taxation scheme until they had gone over the ground again. What seems to have led them astray was the expectation that the labour party would vote solid, but at the laBt moment it split up, the majority deciding to throw over " the principle" which their orators had so warmly advocated, and to go for popularity. Mr. Trenwith had been at tending country meetings, and his pithy dictum was " If there's an election that tax won't go down." And when it comes to the consideration of the chances of a campaign, there is a consensus of opinion that Mr. Trenwith is no goose. The net result seemed to please no one, and the effort to get up a cheer over the exemption division was a signal failure. The Longmore section was disappointed. No one seemed to care twopence for the old policy of " revenge " as against the big estates, and so the Btiff progressive tax fared worst of all the proposals. The members who Would have liked the tax made as general as possible—to ensure its being as hateful as possible—were chagrined. The country party, which regards any land tax Ma" thin end of the wedge" business, realised that their victory took the life out of their agitation. And theGovernment could not be pleased with a defeat—and a defeat which brought the deficit issue up again. With an Opposition of forty there was bound to be a compromise if the tax was to go through, but the compromise leaves no one in good humour or good spirits. The philosophers were the most bitterly disappointed. They had repeated to the House those orations in favour of a land tax for the many with which they had fascinated their wondering constituents. How charming is divine philosophy I Not harsh and crabbed as dull fools suppose J But musical as is Apollo's lute 1 Mr. Irvine had described how after listening to him the farmeraof the Western Wimmeracame to the conclusion that a lund tax would be the one thing to brighten their unhappy lot; and Mr. Higgins had emphasised the ardour displayed by the artisans of Geelong, those who possessed land and those who do not— especially, one suspects, those who do not And after all when the test came all the men who represent land trooped over to free as many of their constituents as possible, averring that on the question of pay or not pay their constituents were quite unpleasantly emphatic in declaring that they had rather not. They have a lot of work yet before them, these single-tax gentlemen, before they regenerate a selfish humanity. As at present constituted, it almost looks as if the first idea of the settler were to sit under his vine and bis fig tree, and as if, alas, his selfish ■econd thought were " to pay nothing to no body." It is strange how philosophers do go wrong about the land, and it is strange, also, how they vary their paradoxes. It was zeal as a land reformer that brought Professor Pesr aon into public life. And so with some of the new members of to-day. But the Pear Bon contention was that in order to keep up the value of the little holdings it is necessary to tox the big, while the idea of the Higgins-Irvine Bchool is that if you tax the little holdings they will sell so low thnt the poor man will snap them up before the rich man obtains a chance. Mr. Higgins is at home in showing bow the Pearson school works ont wrong in practice. He points to the failore everywhere. Doubtless this is so, but, after all, there was a good deal more Sanity abont the old school and a good deal more popularity than there is about the Hew. The smallness of the vote—sixteen in ali tor the Longmore progressive principle was °' "le w,rPri»ea. A good many shrewd observers believed that the outcome of the fierce discussion would be a light tax on ths JP1*", holdings and a really heavy impost on the big estates. The radical press bad plunged for that scheme. There were Ministers who strongly favoured it. Mr. ■turner's opening Bpeech was all in that Question. And yet the Government in nuence was finally both openly and secretly ®«»t against it. The aberrations of e stellar bodies tell their own tale to •tadenta of the heavens. Thus, the eooen tricitiea of Siring disclose theexistenoeof a' dark colleague—a twin but non- luuuuous companion. And to the political observer this small minority vote tella of the influence of an Upper House. The story spread that if a big progressive scale were adopted the Government would be left without Ministers in the Upper House. And it is difficult to see where they would get any other1 colleagues. Even the impetuous Mr. Mel ville, who is looked upon as the embodiment j of all that is socialistic, is enlivening the second Chamber with diatribes against further taxation on the land or on com modities, and with fierce demands for economy. Ghosts cannot lead a charge. And poor Mr. Longmore failed miserably in his endeavour to work up feeling on this occa sion. "A dead nettle," said Macaulay of Lord Brougham, "with the desire to sting but the power departed." Who will be his successor in the post of railer and plot-dis coverer? Possibly Mr. Prendergast, who can hatch evil fancies as rapidly as ever Mr. Longmore could, but who somehow lacks the go. The plunge into the Estimates was un expected, but it was a relief to the senior members. They left that work alone. Ex perience has taught tbem itsutter uselessness. The net result of three prolonged and tedious sittings is to knock £500 off the salaries of the clerks of the Agent-General—who are too far off to have friends—and to decide in favour of putting the Parliamentary refresh ment-rooms np to tender, and to add £2,500 to the outlay in other directions. " I'plift the club of Hercules for what! To brain a butterfly or crush a gnat!" If the HouBe leases its refreshment-room to a restaurant-keeper, who will get the hashes? Will the restaurant customers have to eat the remains of the Parliamentary feast, or will bon. members have to be con tent with the collections from the tables in some fearful disguise? Mr. Trcnwith sus pects the latter fate. And his soul—to say nothing of his stomach—is in revolt at the idea. But Mr. Trenwith must evidently beware. He is becoming suspect in his own corner. This sort of thing will distinctly not do. History tells as that one of the first gronndB of suspicion that Oliver Cromwell was resdy to leave the democratic ranks and to take the crown was furnished by his engagement of a foreign cook. And evidently Mr. Prendergast thought he had made a hit when, pointing to the labour leader, he ex claimed in scornful tones, " He turns up his nose at hash." This comes from having an income from a shop as well as a salary as a member. Why, Mr. Trenwith must be one of the tall poppies so much complained about. But, after all, his contempt for the "threepenny course" which Mr. Maloney avers is good enough for anybody and for the hash which the member for North Melbourne associates with demo cracy may be more his misfortune than his fault. Health compels some men to be cautious at the table, even if it permits others to be flippant Doubtless, their viands are no concern to either Mr. Hancock or Mr. Prendergast Everything the one eats will agree with him, and everything the other rapidly swallows will disagree. 