CHAPTER XXII.-IN ABSENCE AND ONCE MORE TOGETHER. Like morning, or the early buds in spring, Or voice of children laughing in dark streets, Or that quick leap with which tho spirit greets The old, revisited mountains—some such thine She seemed in her bright home. Joy and delight And foil-eyed Innooenoe with foldoJ wing Sat in her face. . . , What needed pain to purge a spirit so pure ? Like fire it oanio—what loss than lire can be The cloanslng Spirit of God ? # —William Caxdweul Roscoe. It would have been well for Max if he had been foroed at this time to work for his living, bat unfortunately there was no necessity for him to do anything. He could not even do very rauoh at Monkton Verney. The house was so big and desolate that he oould not face the thought of spending the autumn there, and it was impossible for him to entertain so soon after his mother's death. The plans for the new scheme about the Priory ruing lost their interest now that Doreen was no longer there to discuss them, and the General, who disapproved of the idea with his whole heart, threw every obstacle in the way. Ultimately it was arranged that Monkton Yerney should be let for a year, and Max took up his quarters in the house in Grosvenor-aquare, whioh seemed less dreary. Then began that worst of all stages, when people thought it was time that he forgot his sorrow, though, in truth, it was just beginning to overwhelm him, to cloud his mind with bitter questionings, to eolipse his faith, and to affect him phyßioally in a way whioh not one of his friends understood. The Herefords made much of him. He escorted Miriam that winter to one plaoe and another, proving himself just the convenient oavalier that he had done in the old timeß, and dropping naturally into the habit of going to the house in Wilton-crescent every day; but there seemed no life in him. He drifted aim lessly on, waking each morning with a resentful remembranoe that he was called upon to live somehow through another day, and idly wish ing that it were ended. The only things which stirred him a little were Doreen's letters. They were hastily written in the cars with a stylographio pen, and were hard to read, but nevertheless they were like waters to a thirsty soul, and their graphic, unconventional descriptions of the life in the travelling company for the time stimu lated him into a sort of semblance of return ing energy. Something of Doreen's breezy, sunshiny, open- air nature seemed to pass into him through those love letters, and generally after reoeiving one he used to walk round to Bernard-street and see Mrs. Garth and the ohildren. He hated seeing the house without Doreen, but the ohildren refreshed him, and their delighted welcome always pleased him. They seemed to regard him as one who be longed to them. Yet ohildren are quiok to discern ohanges, and Mollie and Dermot puzzled their small heads not a little over the change in their future brother-in-law. "Is it losing his mother that makes Max never seem to care much for things?" asked Mollie one day at nursery tea. "He never seems to speak in publio now," said Dermot, "and he told Miohael he was siok to death of coffee taverns and temperance, and the sort of things, you know, that used to be his hobbies." "Has he given up all his work?" asked Hagar Muohmore in her brisk voice. " I thought- he looked kinder downhearted. I guess he's taken offenoe with the Almighty." The phrase lingered in Bride's mind. She puzzled much over it, and on Sunday after noon, when Max happened to find her alone in the nursery with a bad cold, Bhe waxed confi dential in the twilight. " The others will be home soon from churoh; then we shall have tea," she said, olimbing on to his knee and begging his ring to make seals on her fat little wrist. " I want to know, Max," she added after an interval, " what people do when they take offenoe ?" " They don't come to your house and have tea with you," said Max, smiling; " so, you see, I have not taken offence with you." " What else don't they do," asked Bride, her inscrutable childlike eyes gazing far down into /Sj7ell, they don't talk to you -, they try not r«ysMet you." VYyliat makes them take offence?" "•tsmpose, generally, they fancy that people have\tr««ted them unkindly or unjustly." \ "But'Doreen told me God never could leave 'jiff, being pind and good to anybody, and of oeJurse'-I -know my own self He never oould," said the baby theologian with a depth of oon •vietiori in her tone which might have silenced •a- whole bench of bishops; " and yet Hagar says Bhe guesses you've taken offence with the Almighty." Max started as though some one had stabbed him; then the humour of the words struck him, and he laughed. " Mrs. Muohmore is a very shrewd woman," he said. "But you are quite right, Bride, and Doreen—why, of coarse, Doreen is right; and now let us have no more theology, but jump on my back, and I will give you a ride." Instantly the puzzled little face relaxed into the broadest smile of content, and with ft vigorous war-whoop of delight Bride urged oh her willing steed, who good-naUffcdly' ftfcpt chairs and footstools with an eJWttfey which surprised himself. "I don't know what has come to Max," said Miriam one January day as they lingered round the breakfast table; " I oan't stir him up at all. He is as dull as a dormouse, and does nothing all day long but sit in an armchair and smoke*". "Well, my dear," said Lady Kaohel with a touoh of bitterness in her tone, " in the old times you used to complain of all his philan thropio hobbies; you are really rather difficult to please." " I want him to be like other men," said Miriam impatiently. " Max never can do any thing by halves; if he works, he must work like a galley-slave *, and if he idles, he must idle with all his might." " My theory is that he begins to realise the mistake he has made," said the General. • " I have once or twice seen him much moved by the accounts of these dastardly Irish outrages. Think what it must be for a man, brought up as he ha 3 been, to find himself tied to a girl who is hand and glove with these Home Rulers —these dastardly outrage-mongers and moon lighters, these cowardly brutos who torture cattle, and for whom hanging is too good!" "Doreen is the last person to approve of outrages," said Miriam with the aggravating coolness of one not greatly interested in the subjeot. " Oh, depefm upon it, she does approve in her heart, whatever she may say," replied the General angrily. " I only wish the whole of Ireland could be dipped beneath the Atlantic for four-and-twenty hours. We need a second flood to exterminate the Irish race ; then maybe there would be peace and quiet." ' "Well, papa," said Miriam, laughing, "you are really worse than the moonlighters, who, at any rate, don't go in for suoh sweeping measures as that. Why, here comes Max! What can make him so early ? And he really looks more alive than he has done for many months." Even his knook at the door seemed a trifle more energetio than usual, and when he entered the room the General observed that the dull, listless look in his cyc3 had utterly gone. "I just looked in to say that I can't ride with jou to-day, as we arranged," he said, glancing at Miriam. "I have heard that Doreen's steamer will reach Liverpool this afternoon, and I am going to meet her." "Tell her," said Miriam mischievously, "I had just boen complaining that you were as dull as ditch water, and that we all weloome her baok with delight in the hope that she will mako you less of a bear." "Have you read this shocking aocount of cattle-maiming in Kerry?" said the General gloomily, holding out the newspaper to his nephew. But Max evaded it with a murmured exouse . that it would keep for the journey. As far as . possible he avoided talking of Irish matters with the General, partly because he disliked quarrelling with his uncle ; partly, because in common with many other Radicals, he was honeßtly puzzled about the whole Irish ques tion ; and partly from sheer lazy disolination for the trouble discussion would have involved. . What did it all matter to him as he travelled .down to Liverpool, knowing that before long he should once more see Doreen? The whole miserable wrangle beoamo only infinitely tire some to think about, and faded utterly from his mind in the passionate enjoyment of bis reunion with the one woman in the world who had the power of really touching his heart. Nearly fivo months bad passed since the lovers had parted, and the time which Max had spent in listless, idle existence had by Doreen been filled to the brim with arduous work; the tour had been in every way a success, and on the whole the party had been a congenial one. There had been occasional rubs caused by Doreen's hot Keltic temperament, and Madame St. Pierre's somewhat stiff and conventional theories of life; but L'errier was always a delightful man to work with, and he usually managed to smooth down those storms which will occasionally rise when seven people of different nationalities and tastes travel together ' for many woeks. Doreen's sunshiny brightness aided him not a little. She had always been popular in the profession, and there was some thing about her fearless simplicity, her absolute purity of lifo, that invariably won her respect. To Una Kingston her life and character were a sort of revelation; to the child who had been dragged up anyhow, forced from her very baby hood to mix with all Borts and conditions of men, and tossed out at the age of 11 to fight her way through publio life as best she might, with only the axioms of a bad and unscru pulous woman like her cousin to guide her, the friendship of the Irish prima donna was just salvation. Unluckily, however; the long rail way journoys and the incessant round of concerts told severely on the child's physical powers, aud it went to Doreen's heart to see how grievous a strain the thoughtless publio were allowing her to undergo. All she could do was to take the utmost care of the little violinist, to protect her from the plague of in terviewers, to make her rest whenever it was practicable, and to help her to fight against those nervous terrors which generally trouble delicate children, blessed or cursed with the artistic temperament. Her own vivid remem brance of the nightly ngonies she had endured after any especially exciting time during her youth gave her the due to Una's air of weary exhaustion when she came down to breakfast; and, being convinced that the child must be spared as much as possible, bub took the forlorn little violinist into her own bedroom, after which her nights im proved in a wonderful way, though even with company her terrors would sometimes overmaster her, and Doreen would be roused by a shivering little white figure who, with many apologies, would explain that she really could not endure the horrid feeling of sinking through the bed any longer, and would Doreen hold hor and not let her die ? At other times it would be a haunting fancy that the room was full of eyes—eyes of every sort and size—all staring their hardest at her; or, very frequently, a face which she had seen during the day would haunt her with an intolerable persistence. Doreen being one of those who understood— being, moreover, a woman in whom the motherly instinct was supreme—was never impatient with her. "It makes me laugh, said Una once, "to hear the oritics talk of the beautiful tenderness of your voice. What do they know about it ? They have never heard it as I have heard it, in the middle of the night, in the dreadful still ness." "Indeed," said Doreen, smiling, "I think most women speak tenderly to a child in the night. 'Tis second nature to them." " Bat no one ever Bpoke so tenderly as you do," said Una. "No one ever spoke as if I belonged to them." It was a good proof of the advance the little girl had made during the Amerioan tour that she greeted Max with oheerful friendliness. If she felt any jealous pang she kept it to herself, discreetly reading " The Gaywortbies" all the way to London at the fair end of the railway carriage, and doing her best to smile when, as they drew near to the end of their journey, Max and Doreen began to talk to her, and to make plans as to their next meeting. "Poor little child!" said Doreen with a sigh, when Una, and her violin, and her maid had been safely put into a hansom; " she is going baok to a hard life and a miserable home. It makes me feel selfish to have so bright a life in contrast." "Life must always be bright to you, who go about the world oheering other people. But, oh, my dear Daystar," said Max, using one of his favourite names for her, " it has been black as pitch to me while you have been away." " There Bhall be no more Amerioan tours," Bhe said gaily. " I feel like the Peri at the gate of Paradise; my task is nearly done." " And then, in the Buuaraer," said Max, " we will have our wedding tour in Ireland, and come back to Monkton Verney in October, when the present tenants have turned out, and you shall lay the first stone of the new building." "And with it lay the ghost," said Doreen merrily. " You will see he will go when ' the land is free from stain,' as old Goody told U3." The happy greetings of the children and of Aunt Garth were over, and they were gathered round the drawing-room fire, lingering lazily over afternoon tea, and all laughing and talk ing together, as only Irish peoplo can talk, when the servant announced " Mr. Moore." With a glad cry of " Donal! Donal's oome!" the three children launched themselves joyously npon the new comer, whose bush of grizzled hair always struok one as contrasting so ouriously with his young face. " I just looked in to see you," he said, " and to welcome you baok; for Michael told me you were expected; and as it's my maxim to ' take the good the gods provide you' while you can get it, I lost no time in calling." " And acting on the same maxim, you must have tea, and potato cakes, and your favourite chair," said Doreen gaily. "Who can tell when you may not be in prison again ?" "Who, indeed!" said Donal Moore tran quilly as he stroked little Bride's round, rosy cheek. "I am going this evening to Dublin. The Irish party will fight this Coercion Bill tooth and nail, but, for all that, it is certain to pass, and I go back to work while it is possible. , The night is coming when I shall only be able to ohafe in prison at the knowledge that our land is given over to the tender mercies of the Chief Secretary, and the misdirected zeal of those who will be maddened by his re pression." •• They will surely not imprison you?" said Max, glancing at the kindly faced Kelt. He was sitting with Dermot and little Bride, one on eaoh knee, and the firelight played on his broid, intellectual forehead, and lighted up his quiet, thoughtful eyes. " Well, I don't see how they can do it yet," he replied with a smile. " But when once the Coeroion Bill is passed I fanoy most of the Irish leaders will be furnished with a cell, rent free, in Kilmainham. You see, the Chief Secretary considers me one of the worst of 'those bloodthirsty Land Leaguers' who lead the Irish tenants astray, and poison the love whioh they naturally feel towards their land lords." His tone was so full of humour that there was a general laugh. "It is all very fine," he continued gravely; "we are amused now at the fanoy sketch he draws, but it will be no laughing matter by-and-by. If he im prisons the leaders of the Irish people, there will be the devil to pay; for the leaders guide and restrain; they do their very utmost to dis courage violence." " Of course one oan understand," said Doreen musingly," that if captain and crew are struck down, the people, more likely than not, will run the good ship upon rooks or quioksands." " Just so," replied Donal Moore; "if the leaders are imprisoned, and open agitation against grievances be made impossible, the seoret sooioties which are the corse of all oppressed countries will inevitably spring up in a night, like mushrooms." Max felt stimulated by the Irishman's words, by the entire sincerity of his manner, by the quiet conviction of his tone. This man was no noisy demagogue, no self-seeking agitator, but a patriot, with the courage and devotion whioh Englishmen so greatly admired in Gari baldi. " And what is the truth of this new cattle maiming story?" he asked with a remem brance of General Hereford's gloomy face over that morning's paper. " It is correctly reported, I am afraid," said Donal Moore. "It was a dastardly outrage,, and one which we all strongly condemn. Bat turn for a moment from a harrowing and detailed newspaper description to dry statistics, and let us see if the English ar%jua titled in the outcry made, or the abusive words used as to Irish barbarity. During ten months in Ireland —ten troubled months—thero were forty-seven cases of killing and maiming cattle. Whereas, during twelve months in England there were three thousand fivo hundred and thirty-three convictions for cruelty to animals. We don't dub you fiend 3, or propose to destroy the liberties of a nation because a oertain percentage of Englishmen are blackguards. There has been enormous exaggeration of the outrages in Ireland, and that was clearly proved by one of your own countrymen the other night in the House." "There are a few Englishmen, then, who will stand by U3 ?" asked Doreen. " I have, of course, missed the papers for Eome days." "A few Radicals," Baid Donal Moore; "but you may count them oa (he fingers of one hand." "Donovan Farrant is among them," said Max. "He is the sort of man who is not likely to be swept away with the general wave of indignation which has passed over the oountry. Maybe the slight strain of Irish blood in him Rives him the power to understand you better than others." " You are thoroughly English, and yet you have the power," said Doreen with a glanoe of loving confidence. But Max shook bis head. " No; lam more and more convinced every day that ray sole hope of understanding the Irish problem is through you. While you haw been away I have been altogether out of touch with the subject. It is a good thing after all that I lost that election, or you might have lived to see me voting for the Coercion Bill." "Oh no, no!" protested Doreen; "I think you would surely have taken the line Mr. Farrant has takon." " And lost my seat at the next eleotion in consequence." "Perhaps; but that would have been glorious, and you would have been seoure of a seat in Ireland." "Be very sure of this, Mr. Hereford," said Donal Moore gravely, "the more repressive the Chief Secretary becomes, the more stubborn will be the resistance made by the Irish. Already he has interfered with the right of publio meeting. The new year began ominously with the forcible dispersion of a meeting by one of his emissaries, who, not con tent with a huge body of polioe with fixed bayonets, threatened to have the people shot down. Now, I ask you candidly, would Englishmen endure this, even from their fellow countrymen ? Of course they would not endure it for a moment. Yet you expect us to put up with this sort of tbiug from people of an entirely different race, who understand us as little as the Russians understand the Poles." At this moment Mollies coaxing little voice intervened. "Donal, dear," she said, "your head is so hot that I really think your feet must be oold. Bride's and mine arc just dreadfully cold. Do let us dance and get warm. You know we always do every night. Sunday's the only night when we have to go to bed with oold feet." Doreen, with a merry laugh at this praotioal interruption, went to the piano. The furniture was pushed aside, and soon to the inspirit ing strains of " Garry Owen" the children were dancing to their heart's content; Mollie claim ing the patriot for her partner, and whirling round and round on nor tallest tiptoe with fairyliko lightness, while Dermot lumbered good-naturedly in their wake, dragging tho far more solidly built Bride in a somewhat laboured, straight galop. Max, comfortably installed in the shady nook olose to the piano, watched the scene with amusement, and Aunt Garth, as she sat by tho fire with her knitting, notioed with satisfaction that the clouded look his face had borne for so many months vanished entirely when he glanced from the children to Doieen's happy, smiling lips and radiant eyes. Presently, when the dancers were tired, Doreen sang to them, and the sweet air of " Kathleen Mavour neen" lured Uncle Garth from the deciphering of mummy curlpapers in the study, and brought Michael upstairs, three steps at a time, on his return from Bermondsey ; and to please the one she sang " Hope, the Hermit," and to please the other," Savourneen Deelish." Finally, the children olamoured for " God save Ireland," and joined with suoh vigour in the choru3 that Uncle Garth stole back to his congenial work, leaving the kindred spirits to enjoy to the utmost Doreen'a wonderful rendering of the national song. At last Donal Moore was obliged to take leave. "If I am to dine with Flannery, and to catoh the night mail at Euston," he exolaimed, " I must tear myself away from this paradise." " And I am afraid you will have a rough time," said Doroen. "The sea was anything but pleasant." " If Irishmen had only rough seas to grumble about, they would not be so badly off," said Donal Moore, laughing. "It's the rough times on the land that we find hard to take philo sophically." He knew that he was little likely to see his wards again for some time to come, and there was a wiBtfulness in his face which did not escape Max Hereford's notice; yet he responded brightly enough to the children's fervent fare wellß, and stood ohatting till the last available moment with Doreen, receiving her messages to his wife, and determined to out no shadow of a oloud on this happy evening of her return. [to be continued.] 