SF. ASTDRSWS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. OFKNING OF tttr NEW CHURCH. Tte new church bailt by the congregation vS the St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church was wpened to public -worship oa Sunday morning. The bnilding was filled with a congregation composed mainly of members and adherents ; bat mingled with them were members of most of the other denominations in the town. There was also present a large number of members of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society. The service was conducted by the Rev. J. F. M'Ss-aiae of Brisbane, and did Dot differ in any way from the ordinary service of the church. The choir was a full one, including members of the choirs of other congregations, who had given their services specially for the day ; and whilst the offertory was being taken up they sang the anthem *' O worship the Lord in the beauty oE holiness'1 [Thomas SntiiJi). At the conclusion oi the service, and just before the closing hymn was snug, Dr. Hay, the minister of the chnrch, said he felt gratified beyond what be could express to see such a large number present, showing not only the interest the congregation took in the work which had been brought so far to a of other congregations were broad enough in their spirit to take an interest in the prosperity of their brothers. Mr. M'Swaine took as the text for hiB sermon the words—** Even he shall build the temple of the Lord ; and he shall bear the glory, ' part of the 1 3th verse of the 6th chapter of Zecnariah. Referring first to the prophet Zechaxiah having been sent to Mount Haggai to encourage the Jews to build a second temple, with regard to which many unexpected delays occurred, Mr*Swaine went on to show that another priest was to come, of a more illustrious order, namely, 'the man, the branch,' the root from the stem of Jesse, and a parent oat of his roots who should be the author of a more glorious temple, of a higher and nobler style of worship, and at the same time the ruler as well as the priest of his people. Be cert illustrated the three prominent ideas in the text— the temple, the builder, the glory. The temple, he said, was die church of the living God. The church was the dwelling-place of God upon the earth, and therefore his temple. Houses were all called by different names according to the rank of the persons by whom they were occupied. The peasant dwelt in his cottage, the prince in bit palace ; and God dwelt in his temple. Mr. M'Swaine then described the various temples mentioned in Scripture, as the temple of Solomon and the second temple (in the building of which the Jews were encouraged by Zechariah, who received hiB commission from the Lord.) The second, temple was incomparably inferior to the first in its outward appearance, yet the prophet declared ol it that U should be the more glorious. The prophesy, so obscure and un intelligible to those who heard it, was fulfilled in the fact that the temple survived the calamities to which it was exposed in the centuries that followed until the prince of p**'*, the king of glory — the Lord Jesus Ob rist — entered it in person in the days of his ministry on earth. But that temple also was at length forsakes by the God of Israel be cause of the people's rejection of ' The man, utterly destroyed by the Roman* at the taking of Jerusalem. Further they read of the temple of Christ's body. The body of Christ was 'called the temple because it was the habitation of God. Jesus was God mani fested in the Bean. Since Chriat went up to the glory which He had with the Father be fore the world, so the only temple of God By the church wab meant the community oi all in every place and in every age who re pented end believed the Gospel — the com munity of believers to whatever worshipping society they belonged and by whatever de look at ' the building.' That was none other than ** the man, the branch' ? David's Son and David's Lord. A builder, in build ing a house, first of all contrived a plan. He \iati the whole structure before bis mind ere he began his work. There was the form, the materials, the Dumber and relative position of the various apartments — the whole building from the beginning to the end. So was it with the church and its divine builder when He built the grand spiritual temple. Secondly the builder looked well to the foundation, and of the grand spiritual temple Jesus Christ, the Son of God, was the foundation. He was the foundation in His person and in His work. He was the foundation of the sinner's pardon, peace, holiness, strength, comfort, hope, and life eternal, and the only foundation, for other foundation could no man lay than that was laid by God himself. And that foundation — that one foundation — was the same foundation tor aiL Thirdly the builder prepared his materials. The stones that com prised the spiritual temple were living stones, and these living stones were firmly antl lastingly knitted to one another as well ae to the foundation. Last of till, the living temple, in holy growing, grew into the holy temple in the Lord. It was fashioned by God, consecrated in God, inhabited by God. ' The temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.' Such was the delineation of the church of God given by the inspired apostle in the striking passage he had briefly illus trated. The church, then, was a holy temple, fitly framed together, of living stones col- 1 lected and combined by tie Holy Ghost, { accompanying the preaching of the Word, and built upon Christ as the foundation, that God might dwell in it and might be worshipped therein for ever according to the doctrine ot the prophets and apostles. 'The glory.' The church was a glorious church. It was glorious in its plan. Its plan wu beyond the capacity of man to comprehend. It was glorious in its foundation, which was Christ, the son of the living God. It was glorious in its workmanship when they thought of the materials to be used — -so shapeless, so un tr&c;&ble;, so apparently onsoited to the end ; when they thought of the frailty of the structure ; when they thought of the intense diversions and relentless opposi tion the work had encountered from its very beginning. Vet they were assured the work was advancing, and would continue to advance till the top stone was brought and the temple stood forth in all its majestic proportions, inhabited by the presence and reflecting the beauty of the Lord. They most sorely pronounce it a glorious church. And it was so called by Jehovah himself. Of the glory of the structure they could form no conception. They might have some faint idea of tbe wisdom and power and skill ex pended on it from what they themselves had realised of the work of grace in then individual history. They could each, or as many as had experienced the work of God's spirit in their own souls, testify '1 know what I myself was once — how foolish, how wilful, how worldly, how utterly indifferent to tbe great salvation — yet my conversion was not beyond the mighty power of God. Although I admit I am still immensely below what I ought to be, yet I am a new creature, renewed in the spirit of my mind and in the course and object of my life. And the change which has been wrought upon me I clearly see to have been wrought upon others also of those who are round abont me — npou this man, that woman, yonder little child, npon the thousands and tens of thousands whom I have never Been. And I have reason to believe and be assored that & similar work — the divine power of Christ — shall be wrought on myriads more in t.hi« continent of the southern seas, and in Britain, on tbe con tinent of Enrope, and in India, and in China, in the most distant countries of tbe earth, and in the remotest islands of the sea — on people of every dime and of every hue, of every condition of life and of every variety of character. ' Wonderful should be the sight of the holy church complete — not one stone wanting in perfect symmetry and beauty, the wfcote fabric in ererfpart of it, from the base to the summit, showing forth the wisdom, and the power, and the loving kjnHnPig, and the faithfulness of the mighty architect who ^*-^frititl and executed the whole. When the Queen of Sheba came to visit King Solomon, and when she had seen of Solomon's wisdom, and the house that he hnH built, and the meat of his table, and the setting of his servants, and 'the attendance of his ministers and their apparel, and 'his cup bearers, and the ascent by which' . he vent out into the House of tbe Lord, there wasjno more spirit in her. Bat a greater than Solotnon ms here. And what mind could anticipate or im agination conceive thebceadth, and length, and depth, and height of that adoring wonder and glorified joy with which, when the spiritual ^??f»pipi-* ffhfHiM be zevesled Jut its j*a*me*mnpa and vast proportions — all the rubbish of earth cleared away, and the 'refWdipg removed — the innumerable company of angeb roundabout the throne, and the living creatures and the elden should cry with a loud voice ' Where is the lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.' In con* clusioa the rer. gentleman said the day ? the day on which tiie new church was opened for the public worship of God— wag tb the congregation specially a day and an oeffuKJon of ***** gfi^Mfttifffl and. thanksgiving* It was for them to rejoice that God hall put it into their hearts to build a temple — a honse to Him — and to pray that He might faring the good effect oE their inlentao&E; and desires, to the glory of His name sod the good of flu church, and the safety, honour, and welfare of his people. Might the church, At God, be ft perennial fountain of spirit^Er blessings, not only to those who first imMNn1 them, bat to each recipient of them in his or her sphere, their agent and dispenser, while they fell throughout society with a. wide from generation to generatiou. Might the church be a permanent beacon of the gospel to guide souls aright which were tossed oa the waves of the troublesome world-— a beacon which would not delude the voyager with a fleeting and dubious ray, but flame steadily and purely on that gospel pitt&r; which was built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone. There might the wayfaring brother of their communion turn aside and be refreshed in his travel as by the shadow of a great rock in a weary land. There might the poor find that godliness which was great riches. There might tbe afflicted be led forth up to the waters of comfort, tbe ignorant made wise unto salvation, the fallen raised, and the feeble supported. And, through the power of WmmrIi l might tbe spiritually blind receive their sight, the lame be made to leap as a hart, and the tongue of the dumb be made to sing ; the lepers be cleansed, the demoniacs dis possessed, and the dead in trespasses and sins arise and walk in newness of life. There might He who walketh in the light of the golden candlesticks vouchsafe His pR-iflipy presence. There might they find a sanctuary from the anxieties and distractions of this mortal life, and peaceful Sabbaths, by sweet stages of repoBe, be theirs as they journeyed, as strangers and pilgrims, towards that city which had foundations and whose builder and maker was God. In all their ways and in all their works might they glory His holy name until they came to His ever Luting kingdom. A children's service was held in the after noon, which was largely attended. Addresses were delivered by Mr. M'Swaine and the Rev. E. Wilson. In the evening the chnrch was again filled. Mr. M'Swaine conducted the service, and preached from tbe text—1' Bat tbe righteoBS uesB which is of faith epeaking on this wise, Say not in thine heart. Who shall ascend into heaven ? (that is, to bring Christ down from above :) Or, WTio shall descend into die deep ? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.) Bat what saith it? The -word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart : that is, the word of faith, which we preach.' (Bom., chap. X, ver. 6, 7, and 8.) Whilst the offertory was being taken the choir sang the anthem — ' Like as the hart ' (AWflo). The collections at the three services amounted to £30. THE NEW CHURCH. The style of the new church, which is situated at the corner of Botsover and Derby streets, with the old building at the back and Tbe Manse at the side, is Gothic, the walls being of brick, rock pointed, and faced with cement The length of the interior, not in cluding the organ chamber and porch, is 70 ft. , and overall 92 fr. The ground plan is cruci form, tbe nave being 48 ft. by 35ft., and the transepts 22 ft. by 46 ft. The fall ground plan provides for the extension of the transepts if the church should at any time require p' 1 urtp'f'*1' *' 1 The organ chamber is 17 ft. by 10 ft., and is celled in a Gothic curve. The height of the chancel arch is 24 ft. The ceiling, which is carried up the princi pals and across under the tie beams of the roof, the dado, and the pews are of Queens land pine, varnished, the light straw colour harmonising well with the deep French grey of the walls, and the pure white facings of the windows and of the chancel arch, giving to the whole interior & light and chaste effect. The timber work of the roof shown in the interior of the church is simple, but graceful and effective. The artificial lighting of the chnrch is provided {or by means of two sun lights and twelve brackets; and ventilation is amply supplied by the usual openings in the ceiling and roof, and in addition to this tbe windows are fitted with retches by which the large Bashes can be opened simul taneously. The porches and vestibule are laid with encaustic tiles. The pews, which are of a very comfortable pattern, are in three ranges, divided by two aisles. There is a spacious enclosure, slightly raised above the general level, for the choir. The pulpit is a roomy platform, Trith & reading desk hand somely draped in crimson. The height from the floor to the wall plate is 19 ft, and the height from the floor to the ceiling iB 32 ft. The window* are mostly glased with My reanese class, stained glasB being used only here and there. The entrances are two in number ? both off BblBover-stteet ; and these open into a vestibule, where an placed the memorial tablets that were formerly £o the old bonding. For the present the matte will be with tbe American organ used in the old church ; but it ii intended to introduce a pipe organ as aoon as possible. Both internally and -externally the building is band* ?jams, and 'is an effective addition to the public buHdinin of Bjockluunpton. In con nection with the erection of the church, the grounds have been fenced anew and the level of the land greatly raised. Tbe movement for the erection of the new church wm originated at far back as 1883; bat at th»t tune there was a debt of £400 on The M*mft and this it was determined to wipe off first. That was accomplished in the course of two yean; bat owing to the 'succession of advene circumstances seriooaly affectine tbe bootless of Bock hampton and the surrounding district,' the project of building a new church was allowed to remain in abeyance other five year*. . Indeed, it was not until the 2$tfa of October, 1890, that anything practical was done, and at a meeting held on that date a promise of a donation of £1000 by Mr. W. Pattison was an nounced. This really wu the storting-point, and a bonding committee was appointed. SSTith profits realised from a fancy fair and a ^WTnnrt amounting to f S5? 10a.. and sub scriptions received from various sources, the committee had in hand in 1892 the sum of £1750, and promises that would bring the total to £2000, Competitive plans for a building were then invited. Twenty pUns were sent in, a choice fell ou that of Messrs. Voller and Graham, of Brisbane. Tenders were called for the work of erection, and the offer of Mr. W. A. iAWBon, of Bockhampton, for £2312 13s. 2d., was accepted. The memorial stone was laid on tbe 7th of June of last year, and the building now fttends- complete ? a monu ment to the liberality of the congregation and a testimony to the faithfulness with which the supervising architect (Mr. J. W. Wilson) and the builder carried out their duties. The design varies only in one respect from that originally adopted. That is in the omission of tbe tower facing Bolsover- street. The tower, however, wonld have cost £560 ad ditional, and the congregation did not see its way to incur that debt just now. It is pleasing to notice, though, that a bell and a clock for the tower have been promised. There is a debt on the building. The sum available at the date of the laying of th« memorial stone, inclining outstanding sub scriptions amounting to £216 4a., was £1968 17& 6d. The contract for the building alone was £2312. So to meet that expenditure and cover the cost of furnishing, a considerable additional sum will be needed ; but that may easily be met by taking advantage of the provisions of the St. Andrew's Presbyterian Chnrch of Bockhampton Act of 1891, which permits the sale as well as the mortgage or lease of the whole or any part of the church lands. HISTORY OF THE CONGREGATION. It will not be uninteresting here to republish the history of the congregation which was prepared and read at the time of she laying of the memorial of the new church. It reads : —The establishment in 1858 of the township of Bockhampton, by the settlement of miners and others on the bank* of tbe Fitzroy in connection with the ' rush ' to the Caaoona goldfield, was soon followed by An effort to institute religious worship on tfaeLordYDay. The chief part in initiating and conducting public worship in those'eariy days was taken by Me. William John Brown, Sub-collector of Customs, who had been a. member of the Presbyterian Church of Ireland, and who, ^characteristic Presbyterian Ubenffi*, read prayers from the Prayer Book of the Church ol England, The places where service wu beU previously to the erection of a building for the purpose were Mr. John Palmert store (now that part of Messrs. Walter Reid and Co.'s wool store neatest to the Fitzroy Bridge), Mr.. Alexander Grant's (now Mr. Johnston's) timber yard, and, at a somewhat later date, the Court House, In those days 'all that believed were together, and had all things common ' even in religion, and before long a bnilding was erected by public subscription on die put of all ii—^mwiaHftmt, in money, materialf, and labour, to serve as a day school and a common place of worship. This building stood on the land now belonging to the A-g1*''1 Church, and was nltxmateJy left to the sole cue of that denomination. Early in May, 1S61, the Rev. Samuel Kelly, first a minister of the Presbyterian Chnrch of Ire* land, and then of the Victorian Church, arrived at Bockhamptoo, and on the 28th day of that month a public meeting of toe inhabitants of Bockhampton was con vened, with Mr. John Jarduie, Police Magistrate, in the chair, at which it was resolved to give Mr. Kelly a cordial welcome, and to take steps to organise a Presbyterian Church. The following gentle men were appointed a committee to carry oat the resolution of the meeting, namely, Messrs. John Palmer, Robert M. Hunter, William John Brown, Richard M'Kelligett, James R, Boss, Alexander Grant, Charles Pvbns, and Andrew Bertram. At the first meeting of this committee it was resolved, inter olio, that Mr. Kelly's stipend be £300 per annum, *that a small farm of, «ay, ten acres be purchased at the upset price} npon which to erect a manse,' and that tbe following gentlemen be appointed trustees to hold the ground granted by the Government, namely, Messrs. John Jardine, William John Brown, James I*ndi boroagh, Peter Macintosh, and John Palmer. The project of purchasing a farm of ten acres was not carried out ; but the Govern* mast of. Sew Soatfa Wales taxing pre viously tb the separation Werefrom of the colony of Queensland. ' promised to grant to certain people called Presbyterians, connected with tbe EataUuhed Chnrch of Scodsad,' certainland in Bockhampton as a site for Presbyterian Church, iMfmmi*'i'*atiffftf . 'pentd in 1860 with the Government of QoeemiUod, resulted in the grant on tbe 5th ol Septnabey, 1861, to toe trustees aboraQsiMsd, cc tSho/t ments 1 and 2 of section 65 of the town .if Bockhampton, being together one acre in area — the land on which we are now assembled — '* for the erection thereon of a chnrch under the superintendence of the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Established Cbnrch of Scotland.' 'Mr.JKffly*'fr|tert*m hj« ministry on the 1st of June, 1861. The original lot of subscribers to his stipend contain* aertmty* nip** iuunec, representing all ^ffw^^| t in^ *&mh; m the amount subscribed being £279 8s. In the coarse of Mr. Kelly's ministry a church 40 ft, by 20 ft., theonoteos oi the present wooden building, was erected at a cost of £170, and a manse at a cost of £246 5a. Mr. EeW re signed his charge on the 2nd of February, 1864. On tbe 25th of NoTwnber. 1163, tbe smnJ branches of die Presbyterian Chnrch repre sented in Queensland were united and formed into 'Tbe Presbyterian Church of Queens land,' and the congregatios of Rockhampton, with its minister, was incorporated therewith Shortly after Mr. Kelly's resfeu&ui; he Rev. Alexander Campbell Smith, formerly of the tree Chnrch of Indian, Scotland, was appointed to preach for eight 'Sabbaths; Mr. Smith received and accepted a call, aad was Inducted into the pastorate of tbe congrega tion oh tire 1st of April, 1884, the «3peod promised to him being £230 per annum. Under Mr, Smith's ministry the congregation prospered. The original church was enlarged in 1866 by the addition of a transept, 34 ft. by 20 ft. The enlarged church was filled ; but for various p*f»onf4 and family reasons Mr. Smith resigned his charge on the 25di of September, 1868. The vacancy thus caused was of short duration. On the 13th of De- cember of the same year the Rev. James Carson, a licentiate of the Presbyterian Church of Ireland* was called, and inducted into the charge of Bockhampton bv the late Rev. Alexander Prondfoot, of Gladstone. The stipend promised to Mr. Carson was £250 per annnm. Mr. Carson's ministry extended over a period o£ neatly six yean; and in the course of it the chnrch property was farther unproved by the erection of a vestry, £ttod op as a libiary and atady for tbe minister. Mr. Carson resigned his charge towards tbe end of 1674. For over twelve months the pulpit was supplied first by tbe Rev. W. L. Nelson, LL.D., of Toowoomba, and next by the Rev. Thomas Gnig, «( Ip«wicb, and others. In 1875 the materials of the Manse, which bad become dilapidated, were sold, and the proceeds placed to the credit of a fnnd for tbe erection of a new snanu; On the 15th of November, 1S7P, a «U was given to the Rev. Alexander Hay, M.A., of South Bris bane, previously of Leitholm, Berwickshire, and of Boston Chm-ch, Cupar, Fife, in tbe United Presbyterian Church of Scotland. Tbe stipend promised to Mr. Hay was £300 per annnm, increased in 1880 to £400, and a resi dence. Mr. Hay, having accepted the call, began his ministry at Bockhampton on the 12th of March, 1876. In September, 1877, the congregation resolved to proceed to the erection of a manse. This, along cvitii other improvements on the church property, was accomplished in the course of next year at a cost of £1501 13s. Hi, to which had to U added intereston portions of tbissnm not finally realised until 1885, bringing up the total cost to £1629 10c 6VL In the %»—«rt»»- the church, which had been enlarged in 1866, h»d again become toosmall, and In 1882 accom modation for nearly one ^hundred persons was added by the extension of the nan of the church from 20ft. to 30 ft- Tnecostof (bis *a».£16*tk. fertile Stfcrf February, 1884, tbeSanatm.ef tbe Oniveratyof St. Andrews, Scotland, naslrad to confer on Mr. Hay tile degree of Doctor in Divinity, and a tew days thereafter the congrega tion .granted ta him leave of absence for seven months, to enable him to Tint die old country, and attend, as the delegate of the General Assembly, the General Council of the Presbyterian Churches at Belfut and the v&rioos; «ynods and asBemblio of the year. The congregation not only granted Dr. Hay full stipend, but also provided apply for the pulpit, during his absence. In the year 1888 the pros perity of the congregation was somewhat checked by the withdrawal of a number of members and adherent*, in order to form themselves into a separate congregation. Daring the period that has since elapsed the congregation has gradually recovered its strength and prosperity, and in the coarse of 1888 various important improvements were made on the church property at a cost of £80. At a mrrtinE of the congregation held on the 25th of April, 1890, it was resolved that the cfanrch and congregation be for the fntnre styled St. Andrew's, and this change of name was duly ratified by the Presbytery. 