CHOOSING A PHYSICIAN. There is an Eastern story of a certain prince who had received from a fairy the faculty of not only assuming whatever appearance he thought proper, but of discerning the wandering spirits of the departed. 9e had long labored under a painful chronic disease that none of the court physicians, ordinary or extra ordinary, conld relieve ; and lie resolved to wander abont the streets of his capital until he conld find someone, regular or irregular, who eonld alleviate his suffer ings. For this purpose he donned the garb and appearance of a dervish. As he was passing through one of the principal streets he was surprised to find it so thronged with ghosts that, had they been still inhabitants of their former earthly tenements, they must have obstructed the thoroughfare. But what was his amazement and dismay when he saw that they were all grouped with anxious looks round the door of his royal father's physician, haunting, doubt, the man to whom they attributed their untimely doom! Shocked with the sight, the prince hurried to another part of the city, where resided another physician of the court, holding the second rank in fashionable estimation. Alas! his gateway was also snrrounded with reproachful departed patients. Thunder struck at such a discovery and returning thanks to the prophet that he was still alive, despite the practice of these great men, he resolved to submit all the other renowned practitioners to a similar visit, and he was grieved to find that the scale of ghosts kept pace with the scale of their medical rank. Heartbroken, and despairing of a cure, the prince was slowly sauntering back to the palace when, in an obscure street, and on the door of an hnmble dwelling, he read a doctor's name. One single, poor, solitary ghost, leaning his despon dent cheek upon his fleshless hand, was seated on the doctor's steps. " Alas ! " exclaimed the prince, "it is, then, too trne that hnmble merit withers iu the shade, while ostentations ignorance in habits golden mansions. This poor, neglected doctor, who has hut one un lucky case to lament, is, then, the only man in whom I can place confidence." He rapped; the door was opened by the doctor himself, a venerable old man, not rich enongh, perhaps, to keep a domestic to answer his infrequent calls. His white locks and flowing beard added to the confidence which his situation had inspired. The elated yonth then related at full length all his complicated ail ments and the still more complicated treatment to which he had in vain been submitted. The sapient physician was not illiberal enongh to say that the prince's attendants had all been in error, since all mankind may err ; but his sarcastic smile, the cnrl of his lips, and: the dubious shake of his hoary head; most eloquently told the anxious patient that he considered his former physicians as an ignorant, murderous set of up starts, only fit to depopulate a com munity. With a triumphant look he promised a enre and gave his overjoyed patient a much-valued prescription, which he carefully confided to his bosom; after which he expressed his gratitude by giving the doctor a parse of golden sequins, which made the old man's blinking eyes shine as bright as the coin he beheld in wondrons delight. His joy gave suppleness to his rigid spine, and after bowing the prince out iu the most polite manner he ventured to ask him one hnmble question—" By what good lack, by what kind planet, had he been recommended to seek his advice ? " The prince naturally asked for the reason of so strange a question ; to which the worthy doctor replied, with eyes brimfnl with tears of gratitude " Ob, sir, because I considered myself tile roost unfortunate roan in Bagdad until this happy moment; for I have been settled in this wealthy city for the la6t 15 years and have only been able to obtain one single patient." " Ah ! " cried the prince in despair, "then it must be that poor, solitary, unhappy-looking gliost that is now sitting on yonr steps ! " 