ibif - ' Topics.- In order to enahle ihe members of qpr gtaff and'the amplot/aaoDaeeisi with ih'e'Jiaper genbritfly tpcnjoyihair Easter hOlidaye, Vws SMBTsntN will next week be'usuedon Vfednesday,2Sth March, in stead of on tbu Tueeday, as usq. - Av the V.R.O.' : committee meeting yesterday afternoon, the application to remove the disqualifies tion by thelGia- horne Raoing Olub of W. 6hephsrdwan not entertained. The disqaalinoation by the Heigh Road Racing Clob of Samuel Ralston for six months, from the 17th January, fin: abusive language, and dis obeying the starter at the post, was endorsed. The ' disqualification by the St." Arnaud Racing Club of C. Johnston and tire brown gelding Steward (late Boson) for three years from the 28th ult. fqr suspicious practices was - . also endorsed. The disqualification by the Orbost Racing Club of Thomas Harris, jun, Miehkel-Kslly, end the horse Home ward was removed. An application, to remove tbe disqualification of John, Hassett disqualified by the Win ton Racing Club at their last meeting was declined, as also was an application to remove the disqualification by the' Meredith Racing Club fromW. M'Kay. VE6TERDAY otternoon our oyoney correspondent wired us the acceptances for the principal events at the Autumn meeting of the A.J.O., commencing next Saturday. Thirty-two are left in the Dancaster Handicap, included among whom ere Titan, Marvel, Megaphone, Uttef, Oxide, Loyalty, Stanmore, and Florrie. Thirty-three acceptances have been received for the Sydney Cup, ran on Easter Monday, Fortsea has topiweight with lOst 71b. Jeweller comeB next with 9st 71b, and then follow iu order The Admiral, Megaphone, Marvel, C&moola;, Patron, Oxide, Carnage, Loyalty, Titan, and Eight Artillery. RlVlU eilMjr tUcbC (WO XttvtfB Will JJO vtvawu journeyiDg a long wby to bbo. In addition, tlie weij?lit8 for the Firat Hurdle Bace and High 'Weight Handi cap, on the first day, and the First Steeplechase, on the second day, have been forwarded by our correspondent Last night our Adelaide correspondent wired the adjustments for the Adelaide Cop and Goodwood Handicap, to be ran at the S.AXC. Autumn, meeting on tbe 28th April and 2nd and 5th May. In the Cup, The Admiral heads the list with Oct 81b, the nearest to him being Mega phone with 9st 71b, and Titan 9at 31b. Broken Hill has been awarded 8st 71b, and Foxtail 7st 121b. Selim has 7st 81b, Insomnia and Warfare are among the 7st division, while John Ball finishes the list with Cst 71b. In tbe Goodwood Handicap, Titan has the pride of place witw 10$ 8lb, while Sternchaser has 9st 51b, Vakeel 9st 81b, and Light Artillery 9st 21b. Broken Hill and Fj'gmalion are together with 8st 111b, while Repudiation has 8st 91b, and Parr&matta; a pound less. Onteast ha hatm Annnrtinned ?st 7lh. while John Boll again furnishes tbe tail with Cst 71b. Several casualties of a more or less serious character are reported from the different country meetings held on Satur day last. In the last race on the second day of the Albury B.C. meeting, Mr. J. J. M'GraLh's mare, Camilla, ran into a post and broke one of her legs. Still more serious were a couple of accidents which occurred at the Kyneton races. In the Steeplechase Ubodes was thrown from Masurka, and had his shoulder dis located, while Willett, the rider of Exist, had an ugly fall, tbe horse Tolling over him. He luckily escaped without eerious injury. At Seymour. Gray, the rider of Governess in the Hurdle Bace, lost his seat at the last hurdle through bis horse blundering, and he received a severe shaking and slight concussion of tbe brain. Six events will he contested at the Benalla annual races, which take place on the Ilth April. Substantial prize money has been allotted for the races, the chief of which are A Handicap Hurdle JiAce, of £25 ; Benalla Handi cap, of £30; a Flying Handicap, of 20 fsova. Entries require attention before 0 p.m. on tbe 24th March, and on tbe 9th April before. 9 p.m. The Gecretary, Mr. F. T. Moore, will receive general entries. Attention is called to the meeting of the Penshurst Pacing Club, on Easter Mon day, tbe 2fiih inst, The Penshurst Cup is the most valuable race of the day, and fair prizes are offered for the Handicap Hurdle Bace aud Steeplechase. There are seven event6 on tbe card. -General entries close at 8 p.m. to-morrow. The Dargalong and Murchison Club are to the fore with the programme for their annual races to be beld on Easter Saturday and Monday. The club han dicap, of 25 fiovs, is the principal event in an attractive programme of twelve numbers, particulars of which will be found in another column. Mr- Borth- wick, the eecretary, will receive general entries till to-morrow. Mil D. Gleeson. secretary of the Trentham Racing Club, publishes in anotner column tne ciud s programme for Easter Monday. Nominations for the Trial Stakes, Hurdles, Easter Handicap, Time Trot, and Town Plate close to- day. Selling Hack Race post entry. The annual races of the Carngham Torf Club, which are to be beld on Easter Monday, the 2Qtb inst., promise to be most successful. The secretary, Mr. James Whitle, has advertised in another column a liberal programme, the chief events on the card being a Hurdle Bace, of £17, the Carngham Gup,- of £20, and a Trot and Selling Bace. For tbe Corowa annual races tbe pro gramme — a liberal one— appears in another colrnnn. Altogether, the added money totals £100, which should be a sufficient inducement for large fields and V Buccessfol meeting. To-day entries close for the two principal events, the Corowa Handioap, of 30 sovs, and the Flying Handicap, of 20 sovs, and tbe weights will be issued on the 28th. Bay of general entry is the 3rd prox. before 4 p.m. For tbe Autumn meeting of tbe Ballarat Turf Clob, to be held on the 26th of March, Mr. W. A . Tweedie, the secretary, has published the events in our column. Seven events are set qowq ior Giecusnon, viz., cue Handicap 'Hurdle Bace, Selling Bace, Easter Handi cap, Handicap Steeplechase, Autumn Cup, Bracelet Stakes, and Flying StakeB, for which £250 has been apportioned in prises. Acceptances are payable at scale. atneetiubfthe Bunnjxnede'Jockey imiBijl Mi' him fixed . toxffieflnesday, 25tfi AynL Ihewamonnt tofcbofit Sfi.'vomi'. hatiohe oee onStbApriliwhfle aeeept anees and general entries &re; dnB oriSOrd V / --Vf' Unless' I ("IteginaJd l) am greafiy mutagen, tuere was a nnampion . un earthed fat Gnndagai last week. I allude to an aged bay gelding named lied Astray» said to be by Blnegown from a Bnowden mare. On the first day. of 4he 'meeting he went to the front at the fill of .the flag in tbe Stewards Handicap, one nule, »nd, never giving his opponents the ghost of e chance, he won by any number of lengths in the capital time of lmin Then; on tbe second day,( in the Town Plate, 4tme mile and a quarter, he pursued the same tactics es oaths first day, with the result that he heat both Geraldine and B&betto; like hacks, and got to the end of the journey, withont heing extended at any part of it, in 2min l0i«c. When X state that Bahette was . hopelessly beaten in the latter .event six forlongs from borne, and finished about fifty \yards behind tbe winner, some idea can be gained aa to tbe galloping ability of Led Astray. He certainly only put up light hnrdebs, but as he won in eucb a hollow fashion, iPis not easy to determine what amount of poundage would have been likely to bring Gxmdagai. Bed Astray is a tremendous lengthy gelding, and, altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of yearn, and only recently started in and won a hack race at Jogiong. He was, I believe, on offer not long since, for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him even at that email sum. Properly trained, Led Astray will, X fee! sure, win many another good handicap before be retires from the turf. His legs are as sonnd as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be eiok or sorry a day. At Gandown Bark races on Tuesday the initial event was tbe Trial Stakes, which was won by Bipple. An outsider fi flopped up" in the Hurdle Race in Extra, who came with a great run at the finish. Best Bower annexed the Spring- vale Welter Handicap, and Mon Ami easily disposed of his field in the Open Steeplechase. Knight fell at tbe 6econd jump, and sustained such injuries that he had to be shot. Alter 8 to 1 had been laid on Yarmon in the Selling Plato, Bray's Aquarius won easily all the way. Only three started for the Sandown Park Handicap, and of theee Britom&rto;, who started an odds-on favorite, easily proved the best. Epsom Races were brought off on Thursday in lovely weather. The Welter Handicap looked a good thing for Eucalyptus, but she could only get second to Sioux/ the latter winning pretty easily. Brownie and Conoord were equal favorites for the Handicap Hurdle Bace, and they finished in the order named. Grand Brig started a 5 to 4 fkvoritn fnr t,?iA "Rntnm TTAndw-Jtn. -Tnut when she looked all over a winner, Mayday, coming with a rush, juBt nicked the race. Tbe Handicap Steeplechase confirmed the impression gained at Sandown that Mou Ami is a clinking good horse. Peluney ran up to Elphin- stone when be liked. Mon Ami could have won a Grand National. After Bonny Lass, Watercress, and Allurement bad repeatedly filled the r6le of favorite for tbe SelliDg Race, public opinion finally settled in favor of the last named, and she won from the other .two. Once again Miraculqux waa made a hot favorite for. the Mordialloc Handicap, and once again this uncertain and fickle gentleman refused to gallop nearer than fonrth, the consistent Brown Bess winning all the way. \ A eteP in the right direction— that of preventing confiding backers of horses from being 44 welshed — was taken ye6tor- day by the Brysdale Racing Club (says Thursday's Geelong Advertiser). A number of persons who desired to an nounce the odds and bet with people on the course attended the races, and they Were quickly acquainted with the fact .that the club required a deposit of £10 from each as . a guarantee before they could be permitted to ply their oalling. Seven of the bookmakers promptly plaoked down their cash deposits, which were relumed to them when the last race had been run. There were no complaints as to the settlements made on each of the events competed for, and the race meet ing terminated apparently satisfactorily to all parties concerned. The police were busy at the Prahran Police Court on Thursday, when Frank Pitcher was fined £5 and 82s. costs, and George Langley £2 and his assistant 20s,, with 32s. coate, for using their tobacconists' shops for betting purposes. Owing to several unavoidable causes, a complete balance- sheet of the recent Autumn meeting of the V.R.C, has not yet been prepared. It is gratifying, however, to learn that, whereas last year there was a heavy loss, this year there will, on the contrary, be a profit. Tbe exact figures will be available in a day or two. . - The Bellarine Handicap, of lfi eovs ; two Pony Races, of 10 sovs each ; Portarling- ton Handicap, of 25 sovs ; and Handicap Trot, of 10 sovs, will be contested at the Portaxlingtou annual races on the 21st inst. Acceptances are due at scale. The Eltkam Baring Club meeting takes place on tbe 24th inst. There are seven events on the bill of fare, and entries for them cloee on Friday. The handi caps will appear on the 23rd inst. The annual race meeting of the Echuea Baring Club has been fixed for the 21st inst. The programme is an attractive one, comprising eight events— a Handicap Trot, Handicap Hurdle Race, of 15 sovs, Echuca Handicap, of 25 eovs, and Town Plate, of 15 sovs. General entries ore due at 8 to-night. Mb. H. C. Whits, hon. see. to the Bomsey Amateur Turf Club, has forwarded the programme for .the meeting on the fiOth March. There are six events set down for discussion, including a Hurdle Bace, a Pony Bace, and a Trot. Weights will be published on the 23rd. The Autumn meeting of the BosehUl Baring Club is io be bell on the 12th and 14th April. The Bosefaill Stakes, six forlongs, to be run on the first day, is a handicap of 150 sovs. The entranoe fee is 1 sov, and no farther liability is incurred if scratcbingB are declared before 1 4 p.m. on the 2nd April, the dav of general entry. The Boeehill Cap, a mDe and three furlongs, has 5250 sove attached, of which the eeoond horse takes 80 eovs, and the third 20 sovs. Here again the entranoe is 1 sov, with the same con ditions. Weights will he declared on the 23rd. The Sale Turf Citib hold their meeting on the 5 th April. The principal item c an attractive programme is the Sale Handicap, of 35 sovs, over one mile nd a quarter- Entries must he with Messrs. Over-end and Coulaon, the hon. sees., by 8,80 to-nxght. wMqaed ofthaagM.1 a SSth toJ RBtii Mardh. Ai&pftll; , plttnniB jhM RiMn,iaT»ng«l, wytoevent. - I OUOf on each d.y Tor »hie3lrrtxk« wnottntuig to <£255 at. I aOotteLl Holiday extrarcon fares will b. j iransdontiDItiM. ' , ' V JcoE tbe IHsyiMtort Amateur Tnrf Club Sun, on (hp 4th April, Mr. Robt. Hill ' ' tfcs uoratuy, h»B forwarded' the pro! . j gramme. . There are seven events re. J quiring attention, end' to tbew entrie, ean be sent rip to tbe 27th Much. " Ok Wednesday, the' first day. of the .1 xentud meeting qf the Anrat Torf Cleb, I the stewards were so dissatisfied with i the wsv some of the riders performed in 1 the ' Selling Hordip Bute that they I suspended J. U'Gowen ior three months, 1 inn G. Soobie and J.. Goodie for the 1 meeting. - - . j Eoskxeaf, who Won the Albnry Gap, B 1 mile and a qnarter and a distance, with 3 9st 71b np on Fridsy and . St. PetricU's 1 Handioap, a mile and a distance, with \ lOst 51b, is a .daughter of Snhnse and i Roseneath. In the middle of February Roeeleaf attracted considerable . notice by the way she won the-Cootemundj, Cop. " At the Moveton noes, held on tbe 7th inst., a protest was' entered against Mr. Swan's Little Gem, the winner of the Trot, on the ground _ of improper nomination. It wae decided by the club to withhold the prize, pending com- monioation with the Jjahb Belac ' Ciub, it being -alleged the - horse won the trot there as Fashion.. Mr. George Spear, the, secretary pt this Moyston Club, subseqaently received a letter from the Lake Boltc Club stating that the horse that won the Maiden Trot at Lake Bolm, was entered ss Mr. Franois' blk m Fashion, aged ; ridden by Horan. This being considered sufficient proof, the stoke will accordingly be paid over to Mr. M'Msster, whose horse ran secoud in the event. The Hewkesbury Bace meeting was finished ou Saturday in fine weather aud in the presence of a goodly assemblage. The programme was opened with the Shorts Handicap, six fnrlongs, which Bellman, 7st, won after a clinking good finish. Merry Belle, 7st 71b, a 10 tol chance, beat Happy Laud, CbI lllb, and Scotch Lassie, fist lllb, in the Sportsman Handicap, seven fnrlongs. The winner, a three-year-old Goldslorongh filly, is owned by Mr, S. Hordera, and this was her first win. The Hawkesbnry Autnmn Handicap, a mile and three furlongs, fell to Solon, 7st Sib, another 10 to 1 chance. Utter, 9st 41b, who atarted favorite, not being placed. Solon, who ie by Martini- Henry — Solent, ran tbe distance in 2inin 25 ( seo, or three-qnsrters of a sec quicker than Foxtail's St. Kilda Cup time. Tbe Disposal Stakes, seven furlougs, was won by Reversion, fiat 121b. Sertum, with Ost I2lb,ran eo badly that the stewards made an inquiry into the performance, bnt with- out any euect. rue tieitor nauuieup, six fhrlongs, which wonnd up tbe meet ing, fell to King Jewel, a three-year-old son of Eingsborongh and Casket, who carried 8st lllb. The secretary of the Cranbonrne Racing Club, Mr. \V. T. Duff, has re ceived excellent entries for the meeting to be held on the 29th inet, a total of 71 having nominated for the six events. Handicaps will appear on tbe 24th inEt. Rob the Maribyrnong races to be run on the 27th Marph encouraging entries have been received for the principal events. Fox the Footscray Handicap, five furlongs and a half, no leas than IS bave nominated, and among them are some fliers. - From the seven events some good sport sbonld be extracted. 