[?] ROMCEOHHREE LIVES. Chapteb, XXV. — A Confession.— Continued. The tension on her nervea was too great. It seemed as though her very reason would give way. She was not a woman to faint or to indulge in hysterical outbursts, but that rigid self-control which was a habit of her ' mind had been too greatly taxed of late and seemed to fail her now, as she leaned against the door for support, trembling in every limb. ' Good-by, Felice !' 1 Good-by !' Still she lingered, and, at last, in a low, quivering voice, she said, 'You will go abroad V '? ? ' Yes ^perhaps.' ' Maurice, you must promise me one thing. ' Not to take your own life.' 1 Yes ; if you give me your word to think of me as dead — not as it you hated me.' ' Hate you ' she repeated, won deringly ; tben put back her veil, and turned on him^the piteous gaze of soft eyes drowned in tears. ? It is because I love you as I have always done that I am going like this.' ' Heaven bless you, Felice !' \- His voice was broken, and he turned sharply away as he spoke. He heard the door handle turn, and . thought that she had left him, then suddenly felt the touch of flutte -ing hands upon his shoulders. ' Don't touch me !' she whispered. And for one brief moment she ' stretched her arms up round his neck, and pressed her cheek against his breast. 'Good-by!' he heard faintly breathed in the air about him, and she was gone. Chapter XXVI.— Home Again. If life could exist in reality as it does on the melodramatic stage, in a series of moving incidents, of emotion for ever at high pressure, with every chord of feeling strung to its fullest capacity, then it were as possible to be heroically calm under overwhelming misfortune as to display dauntless courage against overwhelming odds. V But in life there is always the day after, when our actions of the eve appear injudicious and absurd, when we hate ourselves, blame ourselves, worst of alii laugh at ourselves for the enthusiasm of yesterday gone beyond recall, and when the uglinesB and dreariness of the inevitable future block our. vision to all thoughts of romantic grief or poetical despair. Clofield, in its Unredeemed brick and mortar hideousness, seemed to Felice's tear- blurred gaze an appro priate ending to that comfortless early morning journey, throughout the long course of which she had again and again told herself how much better it would have been if she had not fled from her home on the preceding evening, even though she knew quite we'll sho could not have acted other wise. . She had not enlightened Maurice as to the true character of his cousin Marcus, or the nature of the forgeries which had been practised on him. Of what good to tell him now ? Let the, dead past bury its dead. Yet at the thought of Marcus, whom she regarded as the instigator of all the recer?t troubles, a deep resentment was stirred in Felice's mind. It would be impossible, she felt, to go on living day by day in the same house with him, to endure any longer with patience his plump sentimentality and egotistical confidences, with the knowledge which she now possessed of his nnfathomable cunning and treachery. Clearly both the dead Kobert and the living Maurice had been in different ways victims to Marcus's stealthy malevolence, and Felice, as she thought of him, found herself shuddering with dislike and dread. At the station she hesitated, and it was only the thought of the kindness Bhe had received from Lady Fenton and from Louisa Greet which impelled her to return to Stoneroyd; Not for long should those dreary walls imprison her. Vague plans as to her future floated in Felice's brain. Outside Stoneroyd, no one wanted her, except the one man whom she loved with all the strength of her nature, and between whom and herself a great gulf was fixed. 'What would he do with his life? What should she do with hers ? Abstract benevolence towards stran gers seems cold comfort at twenty, when the heart throbs and aches with hopeless love. If it had been anything but this. If Maurice had been poor, ill, shunned, and hunted down for any other crime,, how gladly would she have proved her devotion by throwing in her lot with his. As it was, he had been a. mere tool in the hands of his cousin Marcus, who had played easily upon the impetuosity, the frankness, and the unsuspecting confidence of his nature. And in all his pkns Marcus had suc ceeded. His enemy, Eobert, was dead, and Maurice was banished for ever from the presence of the woman he loved. Felice could hardly sit quietly in the cab on her way homewards, when the image of that soft-voiced arch-plotter rose before her mind's eye. ' I don't think I shall ever be able to trust myself to speak to him again,', she reflected as the cab drew up before the lodge gates. It was not yet ten o'clock. Little wrinkled Grierly,however, was already on the watch for her return, for as the cab came in sight he issued from the gates and atool in the roadway waiting. As the conveyance stopped, he laid his hand on the open window. ' Is ta goin' oop t' house ? Ees oop theer, on th' look out !' These words, tittered in a deep, guttural voice clo.se to her ear, as the old lodge-keeper thrust his head over the door of the cab, were by Felice understood as an unexpected warn ing. She watched Grierly curiously as he proceeded. 'Mr Gilmore, ee coom tome last neet. ' Has Mrs Fenton been through t' gates ?' ee says. ' Noa.' says ah.' ' Thank you,' said Felice, simply, as Grierly stopped to take breath alter this unusual burst of loquacity. 'But it doesn't mutter now wnether ho sees me or not.' She spoke wearily, and the lodge keeper, who had seeme i disposed to further confidences, drew back and let the cab proceed. 8o far as he could be said to possess any sentiment wher« his personal interests were not uou cerned, Mr Grierly liked Felice. His insensibility to the mitigated attrac tions of Margaret and Louisa did not argue complete invulnerability to feminine cbarms.and in hisopinionMrs Eoberb Fenton was emphatically ' t' bonniest lass in Clofield.' After she had gone he leant over the gate for fully a quarter of an hour, rubuing his chin and ruminating. Should he put himself out of the way to do someone else a good- natured turn, or would his so doing in any way interfere with his own interests ? The risk was too great, and when he returned into his snug little house Mr Grierly had finally decided to let well, or ill, alone. Felice, meanwhile, had encountered Marcus on the very doorstep. With an air, real or assumed, of intense surprise, he had started back at sight of her, and had then sprung forward to assist her from the^cab. 'With one hand he opened the ctoor, the other he held out to help her descend. Felice glanced at it — the plump, white hand which had traced those lying letters, luring Maurice back to Clofield — and the indignation and disgust she felt shone forth in her eyes as she raised them in silence to his face. A sickly pallor overspread Marcus's countenance. He fell back from the door, and with a slight scornful gesture of repugnance she stepped from the cab, dismissed and paid the driver, and entering the house went straight up to her own room. Lady Fenton heard her come in. It was far too early for the dowager to be dressed, and painted, and decorated for the day. But her curiosity and interest in her daughter^ in- law's movements were so great that she put her lips to the keyhole and asked through it in a hissing whisper, 'Did you find him ?' 'Maurice? Yes.' ' And you have made it all right with him ?' 'I have said good-by. He is going abroad — to America, I think,' 1 But he will come back, of course ?' ♦ No ; never !' In spite of herself, there was a sob in her voice. At her answer Lady Fenton's excitement overcame even regard for her own appearance. After a few moments' pause, during which she had shrouded her head and face in a lace shawl, she invited her daughter in-law into her room. Felice disliked and dreaded all referenoe to her recent experiences. But the inter view had to be faced, ss well now aa at a later period. The pink blinds were down aa usual, and the dowager was sitting up m bed, blinking at Felice \jx the dim light from out her mummy-like envelope of yellowish lace. . ' Sit downjehild,* she said,hurriedly, ' and tell' me all about it. Close to me and under your breath, mind 1 But first, let me tell you you are a little fool if you let Maurice leave like that. What was it ? Some silly quarrel, I suppose.' ' No. You and I were both wrong I went to: tell him we believed in him I found him lonely,remorseful,broken haarted, but guilty — if a mdden impulse of passionate anger, a blow struck in the dark, can be called guilt — of my husband's death, And wo parted. Don't let's talk of it,' she cried, suddenly springing from her seat, and pacing up and down the room. ' I know I ought to regard him with horror. But it was not his fault. He was tricked and deceived*-* shame fully deceived,' she went on, a flush of deep anger staining her cheek. My hatred, my horror, are not against him, but against the treacherous plot ting which ruined him.' Lady Fenton made a gesture of en treaty. ' Hush — hush ! Speak low — whis- per ! You may be heard.' f I wish to be heard,' returned Felice, with sudden fierceness. * And, Lady Fenton, don't think me ungrate ful for your kindness to me, but I must go. I cannot live at Stonerovd any longer. If I watch that grey town in the distance any more, I feel I shall go mad. Robert is dead, Maurice banished, and-r- and I cannot face Marcus every day. So you must let me go.' . Lady Fenton glanced quickly in the direction of the door. Then she began nervously clasping and unclasping her, hands. ' We are going, too,' she- ;saH after a pause. 'Marcus wishes lie.. He Bpeaks about it much as you do. He was walking about the passage all through the night, tormenting me with questions about you whenever he passed my room. He suspected that you were gone, but he could' not be sure as I got Louisa to swear with me that you were in your room. It is all a mistake, a miserable mistake. Dis appointed love must have turned Maurice's brain. He must not leav e England — or, at least, if he does, he must let us know where he is going. We will go to Dublin. I promised my boy last night we would leave this house, haunted by miserable memories. In Dublin I have fiends— friends who may remember what I was years ago when my sister and I were belles, and toasts — when my verses were consi dered worthy of two columns of notice in the Saturday Critic, Ah, well J of what use to go back over that now ? Si jeuhesse savaiU But Dublin society -^-the literary and intellectual, to which I have the key — is the most cultured, the most soothing, in the world. You, a beautiful young widow, with cbaraoter, with distinction, you will find a sojourn in Dublin delightful. We will live no longer in this Clofield dreariness. Only by Marcus's . wish have I languished here so many years ? and he is now set upon leaving. He is going to-day to the agent, or person in the town. We will let Stoneroyd; if a tenant can be found. I will realise! what trifling property I have—^aofr-, much, indeed, but ? ' ?You will have all that 'R&kort; left dear Lady Fenton,' said Felice!* quickly. ' I have quite euoHgfc of my own, and I hope yoij, w.ill be happy; but you must let me go away by my- _ 'Stay with me, cJierie, until we leave this place,' pleaded the dowager,. And Felice at length consented tc* delay her departure until such time as her. mother-in-law was comfortably settled 'in 'her new -home. ; Lady Penton carefully avoided all reference to pasteventB. The idea of leaving ' Stpneroyd seemed to make her young jigaiit ; and for the' next three days she 1 kept IPelice fully occupied in sorting, Ousting, and packing her faded finery, Jier old-fashioned nick-nacks, and her bundles of ? dusty manuscripts, books, jind music; Louisa's loud voice filled up all in tervals.- Leaving- Stoneroyd was to her an event of historical importance, the diecusBion of which never wearied her.' ' ' 'Oop to JDooblin, where every man has a pig,(an' a pipe, an' a shillelagh, an,' a box o' dynamite in his coat-tail pockets l:' , Prom this prejudiced view of the Bons :of Erin it was impossible to. turn her. In the pauses between packing and chattering she paid valedictory visits to her friends and acquaintances in.the, town, and reported verbatim their comments upon the proposed ?flitting.' ' Eh, but they say oop to Clofield that tha house is chock-full b' ghosts, an'1 :, that's why we're leavin' it,' she mooth, but you do look droopy-lite in ' those ''theer 'brrid,: stuffy, black gOwnds, like as ' if you. was goin' ta. f ade obt of 'em soom day,' she cried, to Felice. VI says ; to old Grierly j ust now, 'This 'ere 'aunted old well' is killing young Mrs Robert,'' I says. ' ' It's a mercy '? we're goin' away from it.' When oop he starts, quite , , ,angry-like-TT-^. Leave Stoneroyd .!' he ?I. says, in that theer Yorkshire talk o' 'his... ' Thaniver says !' , ' I'd like to know who's to stop 'em V says I. 'I'll tell tha,'°says he. « Ned G-rierly will stop'em.' That's what that theer old figgerhead says to me, my lady, as sure as my name's Louisa. Gfreet.' The two ladies had tacitly en couraged Louisa's1 chatter. There were so many subjects of conversation barred between them that conversa tion had become strained and difficult. Since her return to ' Stdneroydi Felice had practically ignored Marcus's existence, and after the first evening he had chosen to have his dinner served to him in his study, arid had kept entirely Out of her sight. : ' Dear Lady Eenton, let me go. We can't keep on living like thisi .For -your sake I ought to be fiirid and .courteous to your son, but just .at present the very sight of him makes ane shudder. , Let.mego!' '.', .'. : : 'You would not judge him -so. fiarshly if you knew him as well as OL do/ the elder lady had, said; He would be worse if you .left— more ridisfcrait, more morbid. ,,, He must have, some thing young and beautiful to look at, even if he only: watches you from a distance, and once we are inrDublin . * He will have plenty of young and beautifult' things i ton look atj? ! isaip Eeliee, calmly. ' I will stay until you leaye, if you wish it.' ??/?]' : (To be continued.) Mr A. Montgomery has received official notification of his appointment astpresident of the Australasian Institute of Mining Engineers. ! ' ' About 30 mineralists are expected to attend the forthcoming ? meeting of the Institute of Mining Engineers at Hohart. 