KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER V.—(Continued.) " Lady Cecil Clive is pleased to be fastidious," retorted Lady Dangerfield, tearing a guelder-rose to pieces. " Who is original nowadays? To be original, means to be eccentric—to be eccentric is the worst possible style—only allowable in poets and lunatics. Major Frankland being neither, only——'' " A well dressed idiot——" " Only an every-day gentleman—answers my note of invitation in every-day style. You ought to thank me, Queenie. Who is to entertain Sir Arthur, and take him off your hands when you tire of him? Even baronets with thirty thousand a year may pall sometimes on the frivolous mind of a young lady of two-and-twenty. Your father will do his best—and Uncle Raoul's best, when he tries to be entertaining, means a good deal; but, still- Major Frankland will be a great auxiliary. Qneenie, I wonder why you dislike him so much ?'' " I dislike all mere club-room loungers, all well- dressed tailors' blocks, without one idea in their heads, or one honest, manly feeling in their hearts. he were a right-feeling man, would he come at all, knowing it ?'' ''Certainly, when I invite him. And again, and again, and again Sir Peter ! I wish Sir Peter was at----- Queenie, you have had an excellent bring- ing-up under the care of that wicked, worldly old dowager, Lady Ruth, but in some things you are as stupid as any red-cheeked, butter-making dairy maid. Talking of ideas and feeling, and Sir Peter's jealousy — such nonsense ! When I did Sir Peter Dangerfield — and, without exception, I believe he is the most intensely stupid and disagreeable little wretch the wide earth holds— when I did him the honor of marrying him, I did it to secure for myself a pleasant home, all the comforts and luxuries of life — and I class the society of pleasant men like Jasper Frankland chief among those luxuries. He is the best figure, the best style, the best bow, the best waltzer, the best second in a duel, and the best scandal-monger from here to the 'sweet shady side of Pall Mall.' If Sir Peter doesn't like the friends I ask, then I would recom- mend Sir Peter to keep out of their sight, and make himself happy in the society of his impaled bugs, and dried butterflies, and stuffed toads. Congenial companionship, I should say — birds of a feather, etc. By the way, what was that long discourse you and he had last evening about?'' Natural philosophy ?'' ''No ghosts,'' answered Lady Cecil gravely. ''He believes in ghosts. So did the great Dr. Johnson — was it ? He isn't quite positive yet that Miss Herncastle is not the disembodied spirit of that poor girl that died here. And he says there is a place three miles off — Bracken Hollow, I believe — haunted to a dead certainty. Now, I am going to see that house the very first opportunity. Sir Peter gravely affirms that he has heard the sights and seen the sounds — no— I don't mean that — the other way — vice versa.'' ''My opinion is,'' said Sir Peter's wife, ''that Sir Peter is in a very bad way, and that we shall be taking out a decree of lunacy against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely be mad, but in the elegantly allegorical language of the day his head's not level.'' '' What is that about Sir Peter ?' inquired the earl, sauntering up. ''Mad, is he, Ginevra? Pon my life I always thought so, since he committed his crowning folly of marrying you. Pray, what has he done lately ?'' ''Nothing more than the Right Honorable the Earl of Ruysland has done before him— talked of seeing ghosts. He takes Miss Herncastle, the governess, for a ghost. So did you. Now, Uncle Raoul, whose ghost did you take her for ?'' She shot her words back spitefully enough. The earl's little satirical jests were apt to be biting sometimes. She looked at him as she asked the question, but my lord's countenance never changed. Like Talleyrand, if you had kicked him from behind his face would not show it. ''Does she bear an unearthly resemblance to some lovely being, loved and lost half a century ago, my lord ? You remember she gave you quite a start the day of her arrival.'' '' I remember,'' said the earl, placidly ; '' but she did not disturb me very greatly. She has a vague sort of resemblance to a lady dead and gone, but not sufficient to send me into hysterics. Queenie. I'm going to the station — you know who comes to day?'' ''Yes, papa,'' constrainedly. ''If you are going into Castleford, my lord,'' said Ginevra, '' I have two or three commissions I wish you would execute. Queenie, where are you going ? — it will not detain me an instant.'' ''I am going to the nursery. Lessons are over by this time, and Pearl says no one can make dolls ' dresses with the skill I can.'' She left the room. Lady Dangerfield looked after her, then at her uncle, with a malicious smile. ''If you really want Cecil to marry Sir Arthur Tregenna, all your finesse, all your diplomacy will be required. I foresee thirty thousand trembling in the balance. She is inclined to rebel — talks about being sold, and the rest of it. As I have said to her, in spite of her admirable bringing up, her ideas on some subjects are in a deplorably crude and primitive state.'' ''She shall marry Sir Arthur,'' the earl responded serenely ; ' it is written — it is destiny. Her ideas have nothing whatever to do with it ; and if there be any point of worldly hardness and polish which Lady Ruth may have omitted, who so competent as you, my dear Ginevra, to teach it ? I am at peace — my only child is in safe arms. Write out your list quickly, my dear. I shall be late as it is.'' His niece laughed, but her eyes flashed a little. It was diamond cut diamond always between the worldly uncle and quite as worldly niece, and yet in their secret hearts they liked each other, and suited each other well. Lady Cecil reached the school-room. Lessons were just ended, and Miss Herncastle stood looking wearily out of the wiudow at the mellow afternoon radiance— fagged and pale. Lady Cecil glanced at her compassionately. ''You looked wearied to death, Miss Herncastle ; I am afraid you find the Misses Dalrymple terrible little Neros in pinafores. Do go out for a walk, and Pearl and Pansy and I will go and dress dolls under the trees.'' ''But, Lady Dangerfield ? '' ''Lady Dangerfield is in the drawing-room ; you can ask her if you choose ; she will not object ; I am sure you need a walk. Come, children, and fetch your whole family of dolls.'' Miss Herncastle obtained permission to take a walk, and set out. As she passed down the noble arching avenue she espied the earl's daughter and the twins solemnly seated under a big beech, sewing for their lives. Lady Cecil looked up, smiled, and nodded approval from her work. Very lovely she looked, the amber sunshine shifting down through the green and ruby leaves on her loose floating, abundant brown hair, flashing back from that other amber sunshine in her hazel eyes, from the sweet smiling lips, from the eau de nil dress with its innumerable flounces and frillings, its point-lace collar, and cluny borderings. In that shimmering robe, and with a long spray of tangled ivy buds in her hair, she might hare been painted for Titania, Queen of the Fairies, herself. Beautiful as a vision — the belle of the season — sought, courted, caressed, beloved by all ! Did the contrast strike sombre Miss Herncastle, in her plain brown merino drees, ugly of texture, of colour, of make, walking in the dust as she went by ? The after days told. The high red sun dropped half an hour lower. The young ladies and gentlemen invited for my lady's lawn party would be here presently now, and one of the twins' nine dolls, big and little, had had a new dress finished. Lady Cecil looked up, and said she must go. The twins pleaded piteously for one game of ''tag,'' and ''Aunt Cecil'' consented. The dolls were flung down in an ignominious heap, and Lady Cecil flew in chase of the children with a zest that for the moment equalled their own. And thus it was, flushed, breathless, dishevelled, laughing, romping like a girl of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna saw her first. The earl had been late — it was the earl's inevitable fate to be late on every occasion in life — and the great Cornish baronet had driven up to Scarswood in a fly, like any ordinary mortal. Through a break in the beeches, her clear, sweet laugh rang out as the twins pounced upon her, and made her captive. All aglow, all breathless she came full upon Sir Arthur. He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If she had striven for a thousand years to bewitch him, she could never have succeeded half so well as in this moment when she was not thinking of him at all. She stopped short--still laughing, blushing and aghast. ''Lady Cecil Clive, I believe?" He took off his hat and stood bareheaded before her — tall, noble, gravely smiling, as Lady Cecil gave him her hand. ''Sir Arthur Tregenna, I am sure. Did you not meet — Pansy, be quiet — did you not meet papa ? He left here to go to the station.'' ''I did not meet him. Probably I passed him, for I left the station immediately.'' ''Then permit me to welcome you in his stead. Ah ! here is papa now, and Major Frankland.'' A second fly drove up, and for the first and last time in her life, Lady Cecil Clive was glad to see Major Frankland. It was a rare-- a very rare thing--for La Reine Blanche, trained into perfect high-bred self- possession by three London seasons, to feel a touch of embarrassment in the presence of any one, king or kaiser, but she felt it now. ''My dear boy — my dear Arthur!'' The Earl sprang out and shook the young baronet's hand with effu- ''Such a contretemps— just a moment too late--I saw you drive off, and I returned with Frankland. Major Frankland, of the -th Lancers-Sir Arthur Tregenna." The two gentlemen lifted their hats ; Sir Arthur rather stiffly, and under restraint — the gallant, whiskered major with that charming ease and grace which had years ago won away Ginevra Dangerfield's heart. ''Aw, my dear Lady Cecil — chawmed to see you again, and looking so well — so very well ; but, then, we all know, to our cost, La Reine Blanche in- variably looks her best on very occasion. And here comes our chawming hostess. Aw, Lady Danger- field, so happy to meet you once more. London has been a perfect --a howling-- aw--wilderness, I assure you, since two of its fairest flowers have ceased—aw—to bloom !'' And then the mistress of Scarswood was greeting and welcoming her guests, and the first detach- ment of the lawn party began to arrive, and in the bustle Lady Cecil made good her escape. The travellers were shown to their rooms. She heard them go past — heard the major's aggravating half lisp, half drawl, Sir Arthur's deep, grave tones, and clenched one little hand where it lay on the window sill, and set her scarlet lips hard. ''The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief. He comes here to inspect me as he might a horse, or a house he wanted to buy ; and if I suit him, I am to be bought. If I do not ? Oh, papa! papa ! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal ?'' {To be continued.) 