'Magna est veritas et praevalebit.' MONDAY, JUNE 25,. 1894. Mr. Henneker HEATON,otherwise the late Mr. Bennett's sonin-lair, has for years been trying to be a sort of ghost and water of Sir Rowland Hill. He entered politics in Great Britain after a successful but not brilliant career as a colonial newspaper c anvasier and general rouseabout in jour nalism. But he did not enter it as Mr. H baton so much as a cadet of the good old influential fine-crusted Tory family of Hennekers. Like Mr. Veneering, some person in the confidence of Brittania felt that if Mr. Heaton did something and Mr. Heaton aforesaid would get a seat in the House of Commons no questions asked. And so it came about that Mr. Heaton did get a seat in the House of Commons, and employed a literary ghost, and did all those things which imperial members of Parlia ment do when they belong to the ruck. There were no political worlds for him to conquer, no diploma tic positions to fill, bo he turnd his attention to history and began to pose as a sort of Antipodean Rowland Hill, pestering the Post Office to establish what the Antipodes never wanted— a penny pottage scheme between the Aus tralian colonies and the old country. There was a tremendous stir by all accounts over this matter, a discussion being held over it in the House of Commons itself— according to the Aus tralian cables ; but we have spent many hours trying to find a cross-headed article about it in the London papers— and failed. We hart seen a line or two here and there, but that has been the limit of the attention paid to the momentous question by the big London journals. However, the subject was great enough to engage the Postal Conference in New Zealand— and the decision there arrived at was that the penny postage for about 13,000 miles, apart from the loss of half a million a year to the colonies, would involve too many 'anomalies, force too early an intercolonial penny postage, to make it worth Aus tralia's while to consent to the personal ?ggrandisement and immortalisation of Mr. Henneker Heaton. But Mr. Heaton is not as easily put down as we had hoped. He has broken out in a fresh place, and he is driving in the thin edge of the wedge by getting sanction from thejcolonies to a scheme which apparently gives the colonies all the advantages at the cost of Great Britain. It is now, proposed— Victoria, New Zealand, and one or two of the minor colonies assenting — that letters from the United Kingdom to Australia shall bear only one penny- postage. Of course, as the countries in the postal ? union bear the cost of their own outward corresponcence, it would seem that England alone would pay for the privilege of send ing letters to Australia for the small sum now charged from ' John 0' Groat's House to Land's End, and from London to Kilkenny ' ; but a little consideration will show ibow soon snch a one-sided traffic would be anieaded for a mutual inter change of postage rates, Australia would ere long groan under the burden of the obligation it would feel, though the advant age might be only supposititious. Corres pondents who read letters for a penny and had Jo pay 2$d. for the privilege of reply ing would write to the papers and make the lives of postmasters intolerable burdens The intelligent and argument- loving gentleman who dwells in the bush and is JwQwn M Mr. Hayswu would |gkc trips to the metropolis to interview his member to point out, envelope in hand, that while his London correspondent had to pay only one penny for sending a letter nearly fourteen thousand miles, his Sydney agent had to dub up twopence for a couple of hundred miles. All these obvious anomalies would in time lead to the es tablishment of a penny postage both ways between England and the colonies, and the natural sequence would be the lower ing the rate to that amount, provincially and intercolonial^, But the circumstances of the British Islands and of Australia are not similar, and in reality there is no anomaly between the twopenny rate ruling here and the penny rate in the old country. The ocean penny postage would involve on Australia an initial loss of half a million a year, but the loss on penny postage between the sparsely populated and remote colonial centres would be simply incalcuable. There would be no increase of correspondence here, for people write now as much as they need, and— poor as they are — the. twopenny rate ' is not felt. Even with an increase, the cost of con veyance j would be very great, perhaps greater than it is now, with no commen surate advantage in increased facilities. But it would be idle to urge these facts in the face of a penny postage to Great Britain when an ascertained loss of half a million a year oflering an argument in favour of incurring a similar loss for the sake of more frequent intercolonial and provincial postal communication. These circumstances are apparent to us, and they are apparent to Mr. Henneker Heaton, but he takes care not to pre Bent them to the British authorities, who probably do not see conditions in an Australian light. The gain by a penny postage with Great Britain would be very small indeed, for no two letters would be written where only one is now by the lowering of the rate at present in force— which is small enough in all con science. On the other hand, the effects of the reduction would be felt in the strain on the Australian revennes by the conse qnent reduction of intercolonial and home rates to consonance with the ocean post age. Mr. Heaton has found a mare's nest, and he hopes to become immortal in consequence, but we seriously object to having him, immortal at the ex pense of Australia. The time to talk about penny pestage is when we have a population at least treble what it is at present. Meanwhile, we think people are content to jog along, paying a legitimate twopence tor letters carried inland as they are, and a half-penny more for the privi lege of communicating with friends across tha seas once a week. 