CHAPTER XIX. An early winter had burst upon the country by the Tamar. November had barely numbered its first days when a storm, such as had not been known within the memory of man, crashed over the land, leaving a tale of des- truction and desolation in his path. Unroofed houses by the dozen, up- rooted trees by the hundred, fields and meadows swamped by a deluge, mines flooded everywhere, throughout those parts people told one another the same tale of loss and misery. Shortly after that, the air became bleaker and the wind more biting, and snow fell at a period when it had never been known to whiten the hills in warm and cosy Devon. There it lay for days, and the country folk looked at one another in awe at the unaccustomed dreadful visitation. At the Great Griffin mine the big buildings, the long sheds, the offices, the dressing floors, were empty. No smoke curled from the chimneys. Along the rows of cottages which had been built upon the estate for the miners and their families, pale, anx- ious faces and knitted brows could be seen at the doorways. Those homes were desolate. The breadwinners, often father, mother, sons, and daugh- ters-whole families-every member of .which in the good times had earned a mite towards the general keep, were standing about with idle hands and hungry stomachs. Men, women, boys, and lasses, lolled about in knots, whispering to one an- other about tlie dreadful fate which had befallen the neighborhood. "There's a curse on the land," they all said to one another, "since they drove the Squire and his family out of it." And in their superstitious ignorance they pointed to one man as the cause of their misfortune. They had been so happy before Mark came into the country. Contented homes every- where-plenty of work-plenty of food -plenty of everything. And now they were hungry, and their wives and babes were hungry- and hungry men are bad reasoners. Mark would have been stoned and torn limb from limb bad he dared to show himself among them. At the Rosemary, the work of sink- ing tho new shafts had been stopped owing to the inclemency of the Avea ther, and the two score or so of men who had been employed temporarily, were discharged. The roads had become impracticable for heavy traffic, and the machinery which Huucoat had imported from Tyneside lay on the bank of the Tamar in the snow and mud. At the Grange, as everywhere else, the premature winter had wreaked its havoc. Unattended, and insufficient- ly cared for as the place was, it pre- sented a picture of decay such as the) previous owners would barely have dreamed of as possible. But three or four rooms were inhabi- ted in that great house. The rest were silent and empty, like a mortu- ary of departed fortunes. Nellie kept herself busy in making the place as comfortable as she could for her father, and Huncoat had so far relented as to supply Mark with sums of money much beyond his ac- tual requirements. Of course Huncoat was wise enough iii his generation to understand that even a man like Mark would not allow him to play the tyrant ad infini- tum. Storms and dead mines told heavily against the balance-sheet, but there wore the rents of the farms, of the houses, of the cottages, and Mark know enough of business to be able to order Huncoat no longer to pay these into the account at the bank at Tavi- stock, which was closed to him by command of the court, but to keep them in the big safe at the mine office where the cash could be used for im- mediate purposes. Huncoat on bis part, had changed his tactics from the moment when he had discovered in Nellie a new and no- vel attraction. He had relinquished his dictatorial manner, and played the part of the sympathetic and condoling friend to admiration. I believed that I would be able to hand over a fortune to you, Mr. Us selby," he said, "and it grieves me to find that after all it is a mere pittance. But there-we will get over these bad times." Mark vowed that the times were bad indeed. He had drawn between fifty and sixty pounds a week from Hun coat of late, and with the exception of au odd five pounds here and there, which he grudgingly handed to Nel- lie, every penny of it had gone into the insatiable coffers of one or other of the London outside brokers. "Ah, if I were only in London," he would say to himself. "If I were able to watch the market from the tape, I'd make a fortune. But I'm tied down here, curse the place. I wish I I'd never come back to it, nor never ' heard of it again." Huncoat listened to Mark's expla- nations of Stock Exchange figures and facts with a surprising patience and a grim enjoyment. He was undecided whether or not it were wiser to have Mark in Devonshire or to send him back to London, and he pretended quite to understand the mysterious working of the system by which Mark hoped to transform a ten-pound note into a million in the space of a few months. There was the little "if" which invariably came in at tue wrong time and prevented the sudden advent of wealth. Mark always was just a quarter of an hour too late to take ad- vantage of the turn of the market. At least so the stock and share deal- ers assured him-and, of course, stock and share dealers always speak the truth. When Mark was still in London, Nellie had seldom been allowed to sit with him, even on Sunday evenings. His papers were always spread out all over the room, and she now. and then moved and disturbed them, and he hated having his papers touched by anybody or anything. But when the evenings became dar ker and longer he felt lonely in his great room, and an uncomfortable feel- ing of uncanny vicinity settled itself about bim. He was a nervous man, and terribly afraid of ghosts. Therefore, one evening when Nellie had placed his whisky and water on tho table and was about to leave the room, he addressed ber as gruffly as usual. "And where are you going to now, please?" "Back to the housekeeper's room, father," Hie girl answered. "That's just like you," he retorted. "You don't care how lonni j' I am, and how miserable." Nellie turned. "Why, what do you wish mo to do?" she asked in surprise. He straightened himself up in his chair with an air of outraged dignity. "If you had any appreciation ol' what are the duties of a daughter," he said, "you would sit hore with mo instead of idling elsewhere." "I am never idle, father, dear," re- monstrated Nellie, "and," she added with a slight break in her voice, "Í shall be very glad to sit here Avith you. I did not know that I might do so." "You know it noAV," he ansAvcred. And the girl, doubting whether to feel glad or sorry, Avent out and brought her seAving, and sat. down at the farth- est end of tlie table-happy to be for ever so short a time so near lier hero -her fathei\ "He is very harsh sometimes," she said to herself, " and very unjust, but then he does not; mean to bo un- kind; I'm sure he doesn't." Huncoat, since his first introduction to Nonie, and his walk with her tn the Grange, had resorted to many de- vices to speak to the girl again. In his cold, calculating fashion, he imagined himself struck with Nellie's fresh, captivating, ingenuous manner, admitting at the same time that the girl's possibilities of succession to a fortune were well worthy of consider ration. Nellie, however, barely ever left the housekeeper's room, and when she went abroad it was only on the most formal errands of necessity. Once or twice Huucoat» had met her on the road, and had doffed his bat in his politest manner, but had failed to engage her in conversation. Nellie had seen a good deal of the world and the world's ways at the theatre where she worked. She bad not mingled with the crowd of vapid Plutuses who infest eA-ery stage door. From early morning till late at night she was mostly cooped up in that long wardrobe room up six flights of stairs, where the gas flared on an ave- rage sixteen hours a day. She had seen the young dudes-and the old ones, too, for that-in their intrusions upon the women of the theatre, and she had taken to herself a hearty contempt for the class. Even she had had her persecutors. But then, they merely made her laugh when they did not make her angry. The only communication any of them had obtained from her . Avas a sound slap in the face she administered to one of the litter who so far forgot himself as to follow her to her home. She had met other men afc the the- atre, of course, hard workers, from the stage manager to the struggling actor. But these had mostly passed her by with their eyes directed upon more gaudy prey, and she had watched them Avith a feeling of curious pity and amusement, according to their de- serts. Not one of these had seemed to be a man to her-such a man as, for in- stance, her father was-a man whom she could respect and love, even if he were harsh to her. She had often deliberated within herself whether or nay the man would ever .come to her-as he came to others of her sex-whose presence would be a pleasure-in whose eyes she could read the message of woman's mission on earth. In the fcAV spare moments she had on Sundays, she had read about such men, but she had never seen one of them. When she first saw Huncoat, to all appearance a gentleman, straight built and good-looking in his way, and so kindly in his speech and so warm in his manner to her, her little heart went out to him. She was too proud to admit that she required Huncoat's protection, against her father, and in good sooth she would have refused it. But when the mining agent came of an evening and seemed to go out of his way to be attentive to her, she pictured to her- self a knight of old, attending upon his lady, and' vowed that he could not have been more courteous than Hun- coat was to her. To Huncoat this period of storm and general vicissitude was one of personal delight. Grace was actually polite to him, and had even condescended to ad- dress him, and on one occasion, when he met her at the Post Office at Ta- vistock, had bowed to him and asked him news of the Grange and about Mark and Nellie. That Avas happiness enough to him but he found himself in the seventh heaven when, seemingly unconscious of what she did, Grace strolled out of the Post Office with him. He did not know whether he was walking on air, or flying as he moved by her sirte. One question led to another-and he thought himself so clever that morn- ing. The momentary advantage was one to be made much of, and he was at his best. Indeed he seemed so hearty in his expressions of sympathy for Mrs. Usselby and Frank that he might have deceived any girl who know loss about him than Grace did. Mrs. Pendre, Grace's aunt, lived on the outskirts of the Lttle town over which the Duke of Bedford lords it so cavalierly, and Iluneoat' and Grace had arrived at the door of the little villa before Grace seemed to be aware that she was walking iu Huncoat's company. At her aunt's gate, Grace moved ia seeming surprise. "Why, Mi\ Huucoat,'- she said, "you have actually walked home with mo. What will aunt say?" "What can she say, Miss Repton," replied .Huucoat, "except; that you have been in the company of a man who would cut off his lingers to serve you and yours." She looked into his eyes, and lie quivered with emotion under the ga/.ts "Do you really mean that:, Mr. ilun- eoat?" she asked. "Of course I mean it:," was the an- swer, and he made an effort to speak as softly as he could. "If I could only get myself io believe that," Grace retorted, and the latch clicked, and she entered the little gar- den. He stood looking after her for a second's space, while she said to her- self "I have set my bait. He's bound to fall into the net." He in his turn went back to Tavi- stock Station, happy in the thought; that he was on thc road to success. "Time will work wonders," ho sn id to himself. "She's the sort of wife I ought to have. That's the kimi of creature for whom a man might com- mit crimes." Even as he spoke, his fickle mind pictured to itself Nellie's face and Nollie's trim little figure as lie had seen her bustling about tho kitchen, and the rooms at Usselby Grange. She was so comely and so homely, and yet so pleasant and so nice, in her cotton frock, always working like a slave, and still always so neat and clean, and he vowed to himself that it was a great shame that she should be so compelled to work her fingers to the bone. And then there was the magic in- fluence of the possible fortune, in tho event of Ralph's death, which gave Nellie a special halo of charms. If all went well, nigh on ten thousand a year dangled in the near future. That was perhaps a richer prize than all Grace's stately beauty and smaller fortune combined. He was a practical man, ana mui^m it wise to imitate the example of cer- tain young ladies who find it conven- ient to have two strings to their bows, and he thought it might not be unpro- fitable to give Nellie a practical illus- tration of his interest in her welfare. Nellie Avas surprised, but very plea- sed indeed, when one morning a young Avoman arrived at tho Grange, from Plymouth, and brought a letter show- ing that she had been engaged by Huncoat. The letter further contai- ned ten sovereigns in gold, and ran as follows: Dear Miss Usselby,-I Avas in Ply- mouth the day before yesterday, and remembering hoAV short you are of help at the Grange, I have engaged as general servant the young woman Martha Collins, who will bring you this note. I have also taken the liber- ty of enclosing ten pounds, and would ask you to be kind enough to in fu- ture apply to me for any money you may require for household expenses. I will see that as soon as possible another servant and a gardener are engaged for you, as I notice the garden and place generally are going to ruin, and I am responsible for it. "This arrangement will relievo you of the trouble of applying to your fa- ther for money, and as Mr. Usselby seldom cares to be bothererd with household accounts, I think it will be a convenient one." Nellie could have cried for joy. She did not at all mind hard work, but she had been so sorely driven of late, and had never been able to keep up Avith the work as it arose. And then she always dreaded to ask her father for money, and it Avas such a relief to her to be able to get Avhat was necessary without being growled at for every sovereign. ¡ (To be continued.) , u 