AQTA iPQlPUlLlo BY THE fiiANEUB. TeuthfuIi Labouohero racently remarked that Iiosd Eosebery is a premieir amongsfc peera eathop than g poes cimoagat Premiere. Ifc is precious eaoy 2os Lira to bo tho ifocraorj but mighfcy hard to bo tho latter, 2os Hnglaad has boea Eiagtalcrly £ortuD Hcfeo ia hoi? Premiera feom Wdpole dowa to tho Gscnd Old Mna. Ifi is o SoKuibly Iicovy haiadicop £oe d tiosae=-iando peep like Eoaebacy £0 come Iej. mofiinfioly aKec ohq o2 the ficsfc o2 STrjtuce'a aoblo meo, jolcisa William Glodotoae, and bearing fihis in mia-3, ifc Eau3fc honestly bo ndtnitted thefc, do fas? She puecenfc Pi?emiGE? hno held tip his end oS Oho GkwemmeBfc iremarkcibly well incloed. Eooebeey hco alwcyfl oaamed to me to be u raoa v/hooe es» cmplo jj^uaato mi^bt V7©11 implosG felaoii? Eons to £ollov7. Ie fcho fieafi piece fchia young praEflios? amoEgotJ peoEO pcovod liia sIiEewdnsss bo£oEo lie CE.G2Q iafco this v/o?kl nfc all by getting himaelS bouia iafco oao o£ the aobleat; aacl wealth ieofi femilieo ia fcho land. Every coming ArasfcEaliDn ohould be equally oai?e(!ul in the selection o£ his parents. While ofc aohool young Sosebery onco I'onaniekecl fchoti he vraa vory Eaodoot ia his anibi° tioEs. All he wiohod 2oi? wcd to mossy the wenlfchieofc woman ia the Eiagd!oma to win the Dot?bya aad to become Pcime Minister 0' England. The firafc nad loafe evonfea he pulled oil successfully end if hio borao Lsdoo doesn't get too ' osided '' cm& &U; cSov7up aa Waiter HnlPa eolt did on Scttji' day laofc, thsu year's Derby will go to Eoaeboi-y cad fcho gEeot feeble will have boea aecEcecl. Broth ob .*' Ooraotolk '— go fchora and dolikewice. wbieh, although it may be detrimental to him ao 0 politician, will certainly eEcloar him to the nation aa a men, Tkeiro io on honest Eing about moot oi his oincial utterances too, and he spoke a littlo piece fcho otikeu day which quite upaeta PaEjnn eh?um PnuIieD'o dictum that we ' have nothing to loam feom England.' What he oaid wan fchio : ' I am coetom that Bhoro io a pnrtfv iu this country, unnamed aa yet;, that ia dicconueotod with any political organization— a party that is inclined to aayB ' A plague on both your houses. A plaguo on all portiec, a plague on all your politics, a plague on all youu unending discussions v/hioh yield qo little t'rnit. Have done v/ith this unend' ing talk and come and do something.' ' There io a pauty in this colony— and a vosy lorgo and disgusted party it is, too—that is send ing up a similar hoart£elfc appeal to Parliament to-day. In a few weeks moro a new Parliament will bo assembled hora, and to tho members oi! it 1 would srepoat Eoaobery's pagoioante cry — ' Have done with this unonding talk and come and do something.' With ud the average politician is a voice— generally a very unpleasant voice— and nothing more. He mistakes words for ideas, and his tongue travels to just about as much purpose as a toy windmill would ia tho faee oi; a toy nor' oaster. He is a eort o£ a political soda-water fountain j a kind of high-presanro geaoy JEjosetvoir o2 aoapsudo, and he alv/nya ro mimic mo o£ tho windbag that Abo Lincoln wiped out whea he said, ' The oratory of the gentleman I allude to completely auspondci the action oi' his mind. Tho momoafc ho begins to talk, hio mental operations coosa. I novei? knew o2 but one thing which cocaparod with him in this ronpeet. That thing wns a small steam boat. Baob in tho days when I performed my pact as a keel boatman, I made the acquaintPinco qS a paltry little steamboat which used to bust! and pufi and wheeze about on the Sangamon River. It had a 5ft. boiles? and a I7£fc. whiotle, aad every time it whiotlod it had to stop run ning.' Tkat'o the average Australian politician nil over. He sou think a little aad talk a lot. But he can't tliinlc and talk together. There is no ncod to give his presBnt addresc— -you cna now find him perched at every street-corner. Concerning the probablo result o£ the coming olectioneetiHg campaign it may be likened to a plate oi; boarding-house hash, or an ' Iiish stew' concootad by a Chinaman. From some stand points it is ffoiiTj from others it is bad, and from ail suspicious. The outlook is fair, because tho coming Parliament cannot possibly be vesy much worce than tho last. It ia badt because the exces3ive number o£ candidates will muddle up all isoueo and give Sain play to none, and it is ouspicious from the fact that that cunning old dog £os Parkes ia already busy nosing round in search of au openiag fchafc will allow him to slip into She Premie e°a chair once more. His deep aad cantiously-woided letter concerning the reprieve of Montgomery and Wiliiatas proven this, and certainly i'i worald be a neat esemplification of tho eternal fitness of things if the man who once strengthened his hold of office by the hanging of a poor lf crank ' crept back to powa- on the back oS a burglar. Ghould the Dibbs party go clown in tha comiog straggle, it is very certain Mr. G. H. Soid's indi viduality will be ' merged' in that 0' the Gran'd Old Manosravreii' whom the Telegraph eomewhafc blaaphemously styles the ' friend of Carlylo aad Tennyson.' This will be bad for the country but good for Mr. Esid. Parliamont has been too mucfe. of a circus already, and the peace of Surope, and our borcowiag powers in the London pawn&hGpaBd; several othe^ important itoma would be considerably endangered by the appearance of Mr. Gt. H. Said as Premier. As a man Mr. Eeid is really a ' jolly good fellow/' but as a leader o£ moa he would be a failure. You can't make a whistle out of a pig'o tail withont spoiliag a very reopoefable tail aad getting a deucofi pooi? whiotlo foe yoar teoublo. Basides, Me. Eoid'o own party would be the very first to wreck him. it would be tough- woifk to beat any organisation thai!) followo a leader blindly., light os? wrong, or even ono that followo a chief os principle, but saost of Mf. Eeid'o selSsh pack arc running with him merely ia o^deE to be in ofe the death aiad shase tho opoils. But ho would have a mere handfal o2 poESfiolioa to portion out, and whoa that was doao the uesfc of tho pack would turn on him and k-QEol him in pioooo, even aa Aotcoon waa torn to death, by his own doge. He would have to disap point fche Yellow Pup for one, and the moment he did so tha'o iron-jawefl dingo would be the fivafc to drag him down. Mr. Beid is too nice and natty aad respectable for political life entirely—at least until that blissful time arrives when the counky will be ruled by a Parliament of women There are none so blind as those who will aot aeo, and therefore it is not; surprising to Snd that in apito of the awful Somore esposure the Spiritaalistic cranks still hold on to their fad and declare that the feisky little kitchenmaid was urged on her wild brick-pelting career by Gome pugnacious opirit— probably the spook of a Lives 'push.' larrihin, or 'The Man who otruek. O'Hara.' The Prosident of the Spiritualietic a-|Biad io also much annoyed by the irreverent manner in which tho ocofiera speak of the spooks, and by way of drawing a ghost of a herring aoroaa tho Snmovo trail he tells ug of q high»fconod Spiritualistic circle ia Sydney where a lady medium gooo into a soft of a trance in v- darkened room. Presently a Thing appears on the floor ; spbalous, formleos at first, bat in a few moments it takes a female shape, and trots round the room and shakes hands, and writes a lot of useless information on a slate, and on one occasion this giddy ghost became so very familiar, in a femi nine way, with a gentleman present that it snipped off a lock o£ his hair. This sounds very 'creepy' to the uninitiated, no doubt, bufc in reality io ono of the stalest and silliest tricks on the Spiritualistic programme. It is called the ' materialism of a spirit form/' and can be done ia various ways with, phosphorous, luminous paint, and the like, and any conjuror can go into any room in Sydney naked, and in thio instance beat the spirits hollo w at their own gome. Harvey Mott, one ojj the foremost of American mediums, made a great sensation when he first trottad the teick exit, bufc in an unlucky hour for him Conjuror 0teon took some aniline dyo along and attended a hair raising seance. When the ' spirit form ' gofc near enough Steen throw tho -dye iu its face aud turned up the gas, and thon the dioguotod uittonj saw the bogus spirit, represented by Mr. Medium Mott, v/iping the dye off its jaw and wondering what' in thunder had hit him. Personally I am open to interview any respectable ghost that hankers after: newspaper notoriety, and an for tho spirit spooks I'll eat any one oP them raw, aud tho Pre sident o2 the Spiritualistic squad can eat me in Eoturn. I once heard of another seance at which the mystic dark circle wis foEmed, and when every thing was- duly fised a spirit form appeared foff tho special edification oP one particular lady in tho Eoom. Oho secogoia kI the spook as that oi her Srot ?b.uaband, who was a bit oC n hooty-boo | b:-y iu hio ticao, aad haci been sent to oho Lsnd o£ If Shades h^ a thump feom a p&rfcy; \7hom he had I vioticaiaed over a friendly game of cDvdoo When 1 fcho lady had recovered from her first ehook o2 I sucpdse olie asked ia trembling loaoc, C1 Id that yoni, Albert Edward ?' for tho man was born on fcha same day as tho Peince of Wale?, and had taeoa after him ia some undesirable iceopects. Ibo spirit gave a nod of assent and let out a weird sort of reply which sounded something like tho word ' Umph. ' Thon the lady grew bolder and asked!—' Aro you very happy ia your new quarter?, Albert Edward, darling P' That query evidently confused the spirit at once. Ife smiled a very sickly smile ; looked strangely agitated; otuok its thumb in its mouth, apparently for th3 sake of cooInGGs, and began to smile some more,, aatilatlastj, liko thefarcaer's cat of Clonmelj a smile seemed to be all that was left of it, ' The poor thing doesn't seem inclined to answer,' said I tho lady. ^.nd the medium, coming to the I flabbergasted ghost's relief, cepliedj ' NOj ma'am ? I that 'ere loot quoation o3 youra seems to have I knocked th' cusoed wind out oS him completely. I Try agiB, aa* arsk 'im somethin3 easy.' . I There aro oorne things connected with the 1 great, mystery o£ life, however which neither University Chancellor Manning, hoe1 fche Govern* mgiit Aatronomer, hop fche sporting prophets can account 2oe, and amragot these we must reckon what we vaguely fcsiem st preQentimenf'S.' With out any apparent ireason waraiaga of coming evil ara whispered to our minds, as if to prepare us I for the approaching trouble, and most of ua can 1 recall como instance wherein the silent prophecy I was falfillod. I Over 40 yonra ago a good piiesfc, Fin. Bourgeois by name, xiced to sleep with his head due W. (I think) in a room aboxxfc 1226. equate in the old Bathciirsfc Presbytery. He was a quiet, simple, iaoEensive msu, justly beloved by all his people, and about the last poirsonin fche district to dread ao injury from anyone* One morning an in« wascl warning .came to him suddenly tell' lag him to change the position in which his plain little camp-bod was placed. He I tkoBgkt nothing of it- at first, but the mysterious 1 Soeliag grew on him to suoh a dogroe that he did 9 ebange the situation of tke bsdl, although feeling | slightly annoyed at w-hat ho set dona ao a piece 1 o2 childish folly. That night a bullet went I through hie window and boded itself in a poe- 1 tiou of the opposite wall which was exactly in a 1 lino with the spot where the good pneut's head § had rested every nighG for at least 18 months 1 before. The shot wan fired h^ a mad- br&ined; I bigot, I believe, but the wretch had sense enough I left to romember the position in which fche prieofc E always slept aad to take a terribly tree aim as I well. Something similar seems to have occurred when aa attempt waa recently made to blow up the bed'Chambor c2 Father Qibney at York, Weat AuatcaliD, There were two explosions and the house was almost wrecked, and now we are told Father Gibney owes his life to the fact that a Sew days previously he had shifted his bed from its nmia-1 comer, and placed it in the centre of the room. There io no more beautiful or conEOling belief in any creed than that of the ' guardian angel,' but we must novev forgot that g ardiaa aogolo do not soveal their presence by banging tambourincG, or talking up the leg of a table, or exposing the defective nature of their oarly edu cation by spelling tfc9Jm' with a ' K' in their spiritualistic scribblings. In the matter of death by shooting, it is some. times very difficult to correctly determine where to draw the lino between reality and fiction. A few yearB ago a story was published which had for its leading feature the myoterious killing of a Parisian artist in his or?n Btudio, j A web of strong circumstantial evidence led I to the arrest of a woman who had been in tbe I habit of posing foi? the painter aa a model I Through a fortunate chain oi! eircumstanea, how- I ever, the tragedy was ultimately found to have I been caused by the discharge of a rifle tkeough I the force of capillary attraction. The rifla waa I used by the artist as a studio accessory, and was 1 hung in such a manner that when painting he I stood dirosfcly in the line o£ fice. Ho didn't know | the thing was loaded, and that of course made his I death tho more oertaiia. An expert shot may miss once or twice, bub the 'unloaded' gun brings down ifca victim ovory tiioie, Toe aufchoc of that ntory plumed liimsaK, no doubt, upon having struck a decidedly novel notion, but in a year or so a'ter hio flno streak of fertile imagina nation found a parallel in fact. A Now York baakei1 v/as charged with having I lulled hio cousin, and tho cace looked aa black aa 1 a thundercloud agiiust him. The dead man wa3 I found lying on a lounge with a rifiVball in hia I btaiu. Ihe banker, who had an interest of I JB20.000 itt his couBin'a death, was alone with the deceased in the house at the tiaao the shooting took place, cad the only explanation he had to give o2 the matter wao that the gnu had wilfully and of? malice aforethought gone off on its own reaponcibility and ' pinked' ifca man, Thio rooster-and^orjUtixs yam waa too thia to fool any intelligent jucy, oC couuae, and the brakes otood a rare chance of having hio neck oprained for tho holidays 3 but his lawyer wan convinced oC his innocence and during a moment of happy inspiration lie struck the Eeal oecrot o£ the shooting. Taking the rifle from which the ill- feted missile had baen fired, the lawyer loaded it and hung it upon the wall in ifca u^ual place. Then he traced the form of the man upon a white sheeii, placed it upon the lounge where the body had been found, and sat down to await results. There wao a glasa Cull of water upon a shel' above the 1'ifli*. The Semperatuije web 90 degrees in the shade. The jug of water acted as a burning- glass,, and the hot raye o5! the guii ohining through the water were reflected directly Bpon ths cartridge' chamber of the rifle. Eight witneoseo were in the room, e-nda few minutes af to? 3 p.m., jusb about the time the banker's counin waa killed, there waa a puff and a report, the ball otruck the outlined form exactly behind the ear, and the theory of (.circumstantial evidence was exploded. Like fche mtterances of oue turf oracles, purely circunaatan ttial evidence should be received with a deal of -caution. 