THE GHOST7DANCE. The Ghost Dance has seldom been wit nesed by a white man, hut an American. paper describesone ofthem as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The camp inquestion was situ ated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hill-. Many of the Sioux are farmers and fre ghters, nod their waggons were corratted in the middle of the talle'. Some of thto old?r hraves and squaws, who have neier rcot,-ciled thetitelves to modern wotys, Itad ti'- apart. The oxen, pigs, and poulry wi re coTed or tethered on the outakirts of the -r.y. The dance becan lit dark, aed ihoth the ci tquats htut caref2lly raked elt tIe :is. a blaze ari- ng froot them now .?i thi reveasled the fac: that the braces tre in full uir paint. The warriors formed in rws at the eastern end of the ca.p, tit-c in front knee.itg, with lhe yeuug hw'l.s and -quetws standing behind them. At tois point there was a pause of about ten tiults:-ti. during wtich perfect silence ald libolte itmobility prevailel. 9Then the old isquaws joined hands and knelt down in Che esentre of the -alley. 'they began chant ing what sounded like a dirge, varied by savc'ely triumphant yells. The wtrrio:s adv'anted, and joining hands in a larger circle behind the old squawse they began thle Ghost Dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but lesa shrilly than the squaws, and then came the invocation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate the white man. The old weantn, meanwhite, had each procured a burning stick that had apsiarently been dipped in se:e kind oI el tiht lReturning with\ these, thty s'ote i-Ik, shadows under tile tinkti notte of 'he warri.r'. aid pasted thrsiulh thy e- le tke a procession of aphitxes. Thit wos rept::t~el a-ain aid utain, lnd it is .tad that the dance lasts till da li.ht wettn ecer' one c..neernod in it is itotre or Iest exhaueted. An Engli'-h tillion of seconds has not cl,.oed a tce the- eorld began. No matter what th.-ir deily cares, parent. thonld find time to trke their chilt:en upcn their knees, and caress them with kind words and tender touches. 