Thus a London journal:—“ A party of hop-pickers, comprising V nc Q.yford I and one Cambridge gradunl>', iii-i) f j+IJ fledged M.D.,one schoolmaster, one journalist, and ouo ox-stool; broker, who have been living for some timo in an East-end dosshouse, loft Loudon, the other day for the hop-picking dis trict.” Then it proceeds to comment on the circumstance os an awful sign of the times. Littlo things like that do pot surprise us hero, and wo should expect the y^olp aristocratic batch, supposing they turned up in Australia, to be charged “with having no visibio means of support, your worship.” 'When a scion of the old nobility comes out and gives public exhibitions of skirt dancing mul high hickiug a la ballet girl, our feelings are not to ho harrowed by the simplo story of a couple of graduates and n doctor going hop- picking. As for tho journalist; well, friend Wnrde, of tho Telegraph, ndmittod tho other day that they wore ah improvident lot. Louis Beckc, one of tho cleverest of tho Bohominn brotherhood, once had to go on tramp, and at Albury, driven by destitution, sold to tho author of “ Bobbery Undor Arms ” a pile of manuscript for £2;. It was tho story “ A Modorn Bucca neer,” recently published ns - Bolf Boldrowood’s own. And; tliero, arjo many other instances in which..tlio brilliant genius of an improvident writer has profited not himself but a duller and more careful man. How are tho: mighty fallen ! . Tho Metropolitan Bonrd of Works, Mol bdufrio, after routing palatial promises at £1100 a yoar, and Bonding its chairman, Fitzgibbon, the Wliito Kuiglit, to London to negotiate loans, for princely sums, has oomo down to advertising in tho city papors for a “ letter file, now or second-hand • stato price in writing to chief draftsman,” otp/.'Yo gods! this pompons Board,', which has dealt in thousands ns a poor pressman .deals in ponnics,. actually invitos tenders for a seoond-lmnd lottor oabinot, worth'nbout £5. This is re trenchment ns practised in ; Victoria. “ It’s, a. broach of honor to reduco my salary to £1000,” wails olidirman Fitz gibbon, “don't ,dp it, and.I’ll^avotho money by buying a second-hand cup board.” Yet when it was a question of furnishing tho board room, oh, dash the oxpenso, ordor from the firstliouso in the trade, buy tip-top goods at a similar price. - This 'is'''characteristic of Victoria; always retrenching by buying small things second-hand, and pouring out money like water in othor directions, to wit, pensions to gentle men.' of the Ghilders stamp, who receive £800 per annum. for no more particular service to the State than ouco spending a million and alialf of the colony’s money in a way that even an export committee failed to discover.- V All round tho- world, under tho Southern Cross, under tlio; Northern •Lights, Christmas is the j oiliest and most rollicking time of the year; . It is hail fellow well met with all, and with none more than Australians. Everybody makes merry,oven-if a fow old Scrooges have to bo scared into mirth and gaiety by the apparition of Mar ley’s ghost. The very poor make. festival, and wo are pleased,to know that a fow.iu Omeo on whom tile times have pressed heavily have been helped by some, genial people, anxious that all should have a a merry / Christmas f'hofvnro : the patients intheHospital to be forgotten. To our readers, and all ,we„givo tlio good old English greeting—A Merry Christmas'. ; . " - ( '• ... In the case Cameron v.Orbost, Shire,, which arose out of damngo done by tho flood .which raged about- this time last year, Hr. Holmes, P.M., has de cided „ that. notwithstanding that. ,q contractor was liable for damage done by floods, yet when one of - unheard of violence and height came so quickly, that no precautions could be tuken it must must be regarded as.a visitation of God, and the contractor could not be held liable. The tender of J. B. Fitzgorald, 2s. 7d. per chain, has been accepted by tho Mines Department for cutting, h i track from Haunted Stream to Sheep Station Crook. Two eggs of boom liko proportions laid by a lien bred on Mr. Braid's farin', at the Plains have been shown, us. They each weigh 3ioz., and. at this festive season wo are prepared- to receive more of like calibre. ■ ' Start tho Now Year by subscribing to thoOmeo Standard—racy, reliable, , readable. . - ; » . : V V" : Frank Weston was to 'havo hold forth in the Shire Hall last night on tho merits of Wizard Oil ami; his African Medical Wonder, but owing to tho distribution of tho public school prizes, his entortaininent was post poned. It will now talco 2)laco to-night and Monday. Ho intersperses tlio lecture with song and story, and keeps his audience awako and simmering,with merriment. Whether on tho public platform or sitting in our office on two chairs, Frank is always entertaining, original and clover. Edward O’llourko mot with an need dent while riding in a pnddock on Omeo Station. Ho found tho snddlo was falling off and ho jumped to save himself, but fell and broke his right leg. Ho was subsequently admitted to tho hospital. Tho repairs to tho Benambra bog bin e been completed by the contractor, ilia ting tho entrnneo into the township a very good road, which was muon needed, : Tho matron of tho hospital desires to acknowledge donations from Mrs. Hamilton, two bags vegetables, wine, lemon and pine npplo syrup, butter, parcel of old linen, and -pajamas. From Mr. Dean, cake, jam, pudding and cards. Tho weather is again warm and dry. Yesterday 80dcg. were rogis terefl ip tlio shade and OOdog. tlio day before, '.flip gla.es fell two-tenths of an inch botweeu Tuesday jiiornjng and Thursday afternoon; thou it roso a very littlo and ip now falling. 