A Shattered Idol. It love at first sight be possible, I cor tainly was in love with her. It was in my jroung days, when I was visiting ]Jftris for. my amusement. I had Veen Btrolling tybout the city all.the morn ing,, and towards noon found myself in tho neighborhood b£ tue Faubourg St. Germain, when I caught sight of tho, beautiful un known. She wob plainly though .taste fully attired, and had evidently been markotinpf, for she carried several parcels, and w«a accompanied .by a puasiint girl I thought, had I beheld a being so beauti ful.. ?. ; ? ?'? ? ? : ;.;- :-y: ? For days and days I lingered about in the hope of meeting her again,; but without success ; and at laet I mude up my mind tha£ I would try to forgot I had ever seen '? her. ? ? ? ? ' . At about that time I made the acquaint ance of M. Auguste Verrier. II o. was a per son ? ??it venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchial beard. His oppoar ance did not betoken wealth, but bis genp rally cultivated bearing sugpoRted that Ise bad- seen better days. We first met in a cafe, to which X occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation that be was a man of considerable education. After wo bad met some half-dozen times, T happened to mention that I took groat iuterest in matters pertaining vto art. He then infortnod me that he was a paintor by profession, and invited me to accom pany him to his atudio and inspect some of hia works. I tiBsented, and he con ducted ino to a crazy old half-timbered house, lon/y since pulled down, in the Fau bourg St. Germain. Here, having ascended to the topmost storey, we entered the studio, which presented a rather remark able appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with framos and some without, staoked againstthe walls, and rows of dusty shelves, with books, casts, and humuu bones heaped upon them. In ono corner was a life-sized model of the Apollo Belvedere. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was' a lay figure dres&ed; in a complete suit of avmor, and grasping in. its extended fist a truncheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining cor ner stood another figure, which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to protect it from the dust.' All about the room, wherever apace permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, halberts, and othor weapons in picturesque disarray. After showing me several of his paint ings, which were not, indeed works of very high'inerit, M. Verrier asked meif I would take a cap of coffee P I assentod, and he rang a small hand-boll. In responso to tho summons a young lndy entered, bearing black coffee and nkiirettes upon a tray. A thrill of delight ful surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one whoso beauty had so prof undly impressed me on that memor able morning. \ I trembled all ov--r ; I grew hot and cold by turns, and vainly endeavored to suppress my agitation. Whether M. Verrier notioed my embarrassment or not I cannot say. To my ereat gratification he introduced me. ' Permit mo,' said he — ' Monsieur. Clay- ton, my daughter, Mademoiselle Annette Verrior.' . I bowed, and the young lady returned mr obeisanoe, blushing slightly as she did ?o. Then she withdrow, after handing us our coffee and cigarettes. I prolonged my stay inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Verrior would re-appear, but Bhe did not, and I took my leave at length, resolved to uBe every means for becoming better acquainted with her. Oae day I mot M. Vorrior in the cafu as before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that 1 was fond of ucarto, and asked him if ho ever \- played. ' Alas, not now, monsieur^' replied he ; ' for you see I have to be at work every hour of the daylight j and my physician does not permit me to go out in the evening on account of my asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game,' ' But surely, monsieur,,' said I, 'your friends might play with you in your own rooms ?' ' i have no friends,' said he, ' who care to spend their time in amusing an old mnn. Ah, no, mOBt persons can find more livly I A diversions than that. No matter. I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved duughter.' j T. hinted pretty strongly that I at loast ? would only be too happy to play with' him. ' Well then, monsieur,'1 said he, ' since you are so good as to say so, if you will name any evening that will be agreeable to you, it will give me great pleasure to I take a hand with you.' I I suggested the same evening, at any hour he. pleased, ' | i 'Shall we say 0 o'olock, then,' said ho. 'And if you will do mo tho honor, to sup with me ? ' I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of tlianko. What happiness! I should boo Annetto, should converse with her, and' Bbonld bo ablo to strengthen tho favorable inipvoBsion I already beliaved myself to havo mndo. M. Verrior roso to loavo tho caf-s, uiuttor ing in a half audible tono aa ho did so, ' I must ranierubor to got somo cards, for I have not a pack ; so long sinoo X havo played.' ' Pray do not trouble yourself, mon sieur,' I e.xclaimod, ' for, as it happens, I have two now packs at my hotel.' He thanked mo and walked out. The time came, and on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small and barely-furnished room, whoro a table was laid for two. Our supper was yory simple; it consisted of broad, oheeBO, and naiad, with red wino. Annotto attendod upon un, mixing our naiad and pouring out our wine. She talked li$,le, and when we had finished eating sho brought cigars. I now had to submit to a dinappotntment for which I had boeu totally unprepared. Holding out hor hand to mo she wished me good night, Sho waa going to rotiro for the rost of tho ovoning. An interval of pilpnoo ensued. My com panion did not invite conversion, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinking of Annetto. I now told myself that I loved her — yes, this feeling must bo love. ' Come, thon, monsieur,' aaid M. Verrior, at length, ' shall we play ?' I assented, and ho led the way to tho studio. Everything was precisely as I had Been it on, the previous occasion. M. Verrior motioned me to a chair, where I seated myself facing tho easel, which was covered with a large white wrupper. M. Verrier now romovod the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to me view nu unfiniohod sketch, in oilB, of bis dau^htor Annette. I havo said that ho was a painter of little ability, and the work bei'oro mo was either by another hand, or tho subjeot had inspired tho artist to put forth unwonted power. ? It was true to the life. As I gazed at the portrait, a fow inco herent expressions of admiration broke from me. SI. Vorrior smiled, and drawing a small table towards me, placed wise and glasses upon it, and took his eeat facing me. The game commenced ; we played high, and I seemed to lose about 300f in no time. I. was a good, player, but I did not pay Bufncient at ton lion to the cards, partly from my desire to indulye my opponent in, his hunor, but chiefly breuueo my thoughts were runninir upon, Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her por trait upon the easel. i ? M. Verrier gathered up my stakes with the cool indifference of the veteran game ster. - ' ?'.?',... ?'.?'?- ? I now won a few games, and M. Verrier, for tho first time, challenged me to bet. . I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played 68 if ho knew every -card in .my hand — a epecies of knowledge . that would mean everything at ecarte, I began to suspect that I was being mads the victim of eomo triokory, though of what nature I could not cruesB. The curds I had brought with me. and it was therefore impossible that the backs could have been marked in any way. What was the secret of M. Verrier1 s mar vellous play P I resolved to watch him, and, if possible, find out. He had just dealt, and was waiting for me to oxaniino my cards before taking up' his own. He was gnziug placidly before him through his Bpectaoles when I paused and looked him sharply and suspiciously in the face. Not a muscle of his features moved, as I slowly gathered up my cardb and prepared to examino them. His face-told me nothing ; end could I expect to discover his secret by peeriug into those immovable eyes ? Would not such a hope seem vain? Yet it was by such means that I did discover it. ' My hand consisted of the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and tho knave and nine of diamonds. In taking up theso cards I had scarcely mado a movement of tho elbow, and yet 1 could sec, in the spec tacle glasses of M. Vorrier, tho refleotion of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that the man before mo waa the father of Annette, T turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disap pearing: under tho folds of the crimaon drapery that covered the figure in the corner bsbiud me. I had soen the faces of the cards. They wore the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave' and king of diamonds. I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis closed to view, not a lay figure, but the beautiful form of Mdllo. Annette Verrier, holding in her hand the cards whioh she had been telegraphing. 