a oLoOOUT. Look out.down thar, 'I'm about to'ihoot. -Yankee Po.t. "Insecurity of Rights is created by the cunning connivance of some cute creatures in the community to, appropri ate the property. of other confiding fools." I have seen a sentence some thing like this somewhere, but Mrs Malaprop-like, may have mnisconstructed it. Anyway, Mr Editor, I am real bad, and like unto Mark Twain's " Pink slip nip" man, there's 'a burthen' on my manly busum, and I cannot be easy until someone else shares it. The fact is I have partaken of some mental cucum ber or mush from out Maidstone way, the embryo cities of no- come and no morrow. The hogwash is of the wander ing bug or blood-stained boleter, ber lood and tobacco-juice variety, only more so, and as inspiritiogly humorous as the caterwaul of a barber's cat or the bellow of a baby calf, B1it I say, mister, have you read that awful effusion ? 'If you havi,'t don't try, or it will turn you terribly sick-barring the M.M.Bs, only white knight Fiti when he assumes an 'aughty stare and rolls his words, I have only met one man, and, that recently, who could give the nrcessary sonorous sounds to emphasise a'ich sentnices. This;:ilrlividual 'was d scussing prevailing politics 'wilthl neighbor, and in order to squelch him said "Sir- a-h!' Ther' is a 'Ter-in-ity, oer above, and your carnation Tur.-des he-all desiries to establish another he-ar. It has ' its Bill Tren-a-with, John-a lan-a-cock and Bill-a Mur-a.lphy ! A blooming ''teri-lity for. ure." The astonished neighbor collalpsed, and so would you Mr Editor, if you attempted to wade through the mire of a missiveI like the one which is weighing,medown. There is one relief, one rift' in the cloud. The printer has set the weird words all in the same dreary black type, whereas they should have been in poster style, with the tit-bit sentences of "bucolic" bombastic bunkum done in '"cap'," printed in calf's blood, and inflated with a bladder for dramatic effect. Oh, why should such lovely literature be test to posterity. Can you imagine the bathos I If you would like to form a I faint idea of its realistic awfulness draw a long breath and try to say in terribly tragic tones, What he ther ! ve-ile I caitiffs. Stand by the flagstaff or the I winder! Unhand me minions of the I law in plain clothes and pigatickers. I ae ! Is that an escape or a heladder I see t afront of tme, kerimson stained I Let me ker- lutch it! Now 'tis titer. 'Tis gone-a -Gerout ! Oh, woe is me I An noise ! ha mule ! My homes for the peoi le I for a donkey !!.! (I guess the man t down the street has got the donkey). But stay-a. By the sha-des of long haruns tay venge-arce will not slack. I I hasten slowly, slowly for years, and, er-a, revenge is mine. Mine even when only six are gathered together I will lay t the lash of my eloquence on them. But as yet I will be calm, calm as the exterior t of a. slumbering volcano or hidden, I deadly hate. Mark well, I have drawn my design with the toe of my b iot, and mine enemies shall flee before me like I chaff-chaff, darn it, in dead earnest, you I bet. Nay, I will. not revile the i slanderousscounde-rels, the vile traducers, tory toadies, and wretched bucolic t misa-creants. ' Kerwhoop ! I will 'imite 'c them with a great smote. I will write a histiory of Futescray and' their ' wretched infamous wrong-doing. Ich I Dien HIoni Soft. Hoopla ! Fellow he- electors, and woman suffragera who I are coming along in the sweet by-and bye (where are my clothes of respect ability) I shall help those 'who help themselves. I am, er - well, you know, you know--I am-I shall not flee-a. I am no humbug a, but the real Simon Pure. Search the records Great Christie-offer to show 'em up. Yea, I have made a Mull(engier of it; I have Pull-erd hard and bar netted but one bucolic. I have thundered, sorely angered. And smote by thigh and breast, Until the calf's blood trickled out From a bladder 'neath my vest. Yet, and alas! 'No one will hear the words of the wise and immaculate virtuous, no one tread on the tail of me coat, since I have worn one. None seek my assistance. Am I beneath con tempt, or are my words of wisdom and heavy witticisms to-er-a-much to be gainsaid or controverted ? Fellow lie- electors and rabble, rally and respond; Bucolics buck up ! In these dulls days when times are hard and copy scarce, when the public want something new, I fancy Mr Jlake Fotheringham. would, if he dramatised or pantomimed time fore going with the same skill as- he did Uncle Tom's Cabin, sec'ure a big house. If not in Footscray it would take on the plains, and personally I would guarantee' an sudience of eight. Some might con sider the dialogue immense, I should call it vaporing tommy-rut. It was reserved for the Upper House,. not the Democratic Assembly, to attempt to remove those worn.out remnants of ignorance and superstition, the barristers gown and wig, from the law court pro ceedings. In the passage of the Barristers and Solicitors -Bill through the Legislative Council Mr G." Davies. tried to get a clause inserted to the effect that it .should not be" neceesary for these pleaders-'.-to appear before judges in court wearing the formal and ,frizzled horse hair on their -heads, and their manly backs: covered with some fearfully and wonderfully made and .frilled black stuff gowin, which iis always slipping off and fits like a blanket on ai clothes- prop. But such a sensible innovation couldnot be permitted to pass, even, although it was pointed out that judges may, and had refused to hear; counsel. and solicitors when not dressed up like guys. The answer was that there would be a loss of dignity on the part of the judges and :pleaders if the venerable frauds and musty rem nants of.old world superstition were not adhered to. As if a horse.tail stuck on any man's head and a frizzled rag thrown rounid him could 'ever' add dignity. It must be in the man' him self, not, hung about him. Can any one affirm that ever sawMr . Zeal that the wig and gown of the President of the Legislative Council adds any dignity to his appearance in the chair;-. or, that Mr Berry looks any. the less dignified in his seat as Speaker froni the absence ,of a wig? Mr Davies 'deserves credit for the attempted innovation,'which -would have :come much better from the lower chamber, but the time is not: ripe apparently for such c-hanges, nor is it likely to arrive while we have dry-goods Ministers. of Defence who clothe our citizen soldiers; in scarlet aend brass chains, and make the uniform of a captain cost as much as would keep a workinai and his':faitily for a' year., Cocked hats and feathers, gold lace and frogs, and all the other paraphlernalia of acft-goods generals will die out about' thee. same: time .as lawyers wigs and goens-that is When the people grow wiser. I do not know Freetrader personally, but.I like him as hard as a horse can kick, because. there is a sincere ring about his logic, although he resorts to the same old gag as those' who believe in the selfish, soul-crushingcreed "Buy in the cheapest arid sell in the' dearest market," never mind who toils, sweats and suffers. On one point we are all but agreed. He believes in taxes on the value of land, I think that the land should remain the property of the State, as in that case there would be no need for taxation as the unearned increment, that is the increased value resulting from the growth of population and the improvements caused by public works,' would remain with'.the State. Let me put a'case for his consideration. Take the land value of.the.Metropolitddn area when Johnny Falkner first planted himself here and its present worth. Does not the increased value belong to the population who 'created it ? His answer will doubtless be in the affirma tive; but here comes the hitch The .I~nd belongetd toLthe people and they through their representatives, "?the Government, partedwith it legitimately at a price. The painter did the same with his pictures, and if by altered circumstances, the value of the latter increased a thousand-fold, then he is as justly entitled :to the unearned :incre ment accruing to the lucky purchaser, as the State is to that on land. It may be urged that he was poor and un known when he sold his work of genius to pay his way. The land also was of small value when the State first solde it to pay its way. Oh! but, says your, philosopher, the State spent the money in increasing the value of the property sold. Yes, and the painter spent his time money andjtalent also, and these gave increased. value to his former works. My simple contention is, that anything over and above what a man requires for the comfortable support of himself and family, is surplus wealth. Therefore, 'so long as he possesses a surplus, and whether he invests in horses, land,, pictures or any other fancy, that surplus, in all cases, should be equally taxed. It is a poor argu-. ment to say that "if pictures were taxed, many artists and mechanics woald be thrown out of employment." It land is heavily taxed, capital will be withdrawn and invested in something more lucerative. As a matter of fact the merchant princes of the Old World in very many instances, invest their surplus in real estate, at one- forth or fifth of what it would bring if laid out in other ways, for the mere enjoyment of it. Under existing circumstances. capital and labor are equal. That is to say, if a man has £ro,ooo and wishes to invest it in some business requiring labor, or he is the lucky owner of a rich gold mine, the business and the mine are equally valueless, except for personal exertion, unless labor can be obtained to work them. Labor is also valueless unless the business and mines exist to employ it, therefore it follows that the one is equal to' the 'othe .. and they.cannot do without each other. ' Admitting that much; then if A's £xo,ooo gives em ployment to say ao men, and capital and labor combined, yield an annual profit of £400ooo, one half should clearly belong to capital and the other half 'to labor, divided amongst the laborers. Is there one solitary instance in which such is the case? No ! hundreds of employers at present, are spending both time and capital, eating up all. and being ruined, while the laborer has his dtily hire, Take our railways as an illustration, They belong to the State, the people. We have invested thirty-five millions of borrowed money in them, and they return say two and a half millions a year, but then they cost three millions to vork, 'so that instead of capital, i.e., the people, getting an equal share of the earnings, labor absorbs the whole, and the people have to tax themselves 'to' the tune of £500,00o annually for the pleasure of keeping labor employed at high rates. "Yes," my unknown friend Freetrader will say, "that is on account of your protection, if you imported your engines carriages ,and all other requisites, and run' the railways on freetrade lines, they would pay handsomely," leave that there. I join issue with him on the old fad assertion that "Taxes upon commodities i'crease their price, and consequently lessen consumption, and thus by depriving labor of employment, reduce the wages." Facts are stronger than fiction. and we have proved the very reverse to 'this assertidn.:. Some years ago the Yarraville Sugar Works were closed for months, hundreds of men thrown idle and families starving, owing to the undue :competition of beet-root, cheap labor manufactured sugar, imported. from the Old World. MIr WV. M. Clark got a protective duty of 40/- per ton imposed, with the result that men are now fully 'employed at good wages, and sugar never was so cheap in the history of the colony as: it is at the present time. In fact our local' vorks anst?iujily: Victorisiat a pricee to defy "'outside competition. Boots can now be purchased at one fourth of the .price they cost prior to protection. 'Ah !' but': l6bk at the condition of'the makers, . my friend may'exclaim. Well look at it. What is the matter ? So many factories are noiW i, existet~ri that we are suffering from over production. Making five times as many pairs of boots as we have people to wear. What we re quire is population 'arid intercolonial, not: world-wide.freetrade to prbvide markets. It is' the same with nearly the whole of our industries. Take our very latest developement,,:coal, as an examiple. For years our seams lay ~tintouched;: :aid' we paid high prices to"the wealthy importers, now with a protective policy, coal is cheaper than hihiiherto,. 'and over £0iooo a week is being paid in wages, instead of the. money going outof the colony. Will 'niy friend "lay' his a'ssertinns aside and fairly, account for the milk in these cocoanuts , . The neivly crowned and wedded Czar Nichohlis of Russia has made as proma ing a start as his grandfather Alexarsnder did, 'aiid it is to be hoped that he will reig~ in aa bette'r; and .more fkindly way, :arid not rmeet such a terrible eiid as his graifdfather. i One of the first ?iecutive.acts of the latter when "lie :succeeded':the despotia .Old l.iek who caused the Orlumean warwas . . . . . .< . , . ·. -.. . . to emancipate othe erfs, for that was the condition of the peasantry up to that time.,, That was not all, for the same ukase econferring freedom also' initiated 'the `Comniuii'al laind system to an extent 'which earned him the bitter and. lasting hatred of the nobility, who were no doubt the cause of his terrible mur der. When the serfsrwere freed they also were put in possession of one' half of the estates of their former masters, the land being divided at so many acres per head for each working soul in a family, the father being the head of" all while he lived. They pay a small rent to the Crown, and every ten years there is'a rediviaion'as the younger ones grow up, and a rotation of crops, manuring and fallowing of a certain portion is insisted on by stern inflexible law. We might learn a lesson in that respect from 'the /down- troddenj Miscovite; aurd have !andinationalisation without taxation. To return to the young Czar, he hao intimated his desire to rule his domin ions constitutionally, and we are told by cable that he has decided to signalise his accession to the throne by remitting all debts due to the Crown and all arrears of taxes. The birthrights of the the brave Poles who were expatriated over thirty years ago for fighting for their fair land and dear liberty are to be restored. How many of these men are now alive- to' enjoy this" tardy. justice ? . ".Their graves are scattered far and wide,':, By mountain, stream and sea... Long ere this their freed spirits will doubtlessly fully appreciate the act of clemency done in honeymoon days. Snake yarns are now in season and here is a sneezer-One of the reptiles got on a shelf where some eggs were laid, and it swallowed one whole. A joint of a flute was lying between his snakeship and the next egg, and to reach it he crawled through the tube and took another hen fruit whole, when he got caught in the trap of his own making. Having swallowed the eggs whole they could not be broken afterwards, so the reptile remained firmly wedged in the flute with an egg at each end'which led to his despatch. Even snakes should not indulge in hen fruit when it is hard biled. By the way this story reminds me of a personal adventure I had in my young days with the largest snake, a black one, I ever saw. I had been out from early morn ing after wild cattle, and on returning late in the afternoon went to my quarters, a small hut about 12 x so, threw my stock whip on the little slab table, filled the pipe and lay down on my lonely bug-walk with a volume of Chamber's Journal in hand. Whilst reading my attention was attracked by a peculiar hissing, rustling sound, and as 'I took the book from before my eyes the sight they met raised my hair. At the foot of the bunk the 'big, reptile was erect resting on a few inches of his tail, and gently swaying his head from side to side over my legs at the same time emitting his thloo, thloo, s-s-wee. I had heard old bushmen say that if something was thrown to attract' the attention of a snake it . would remain watching it, so I tried the experiment by reaching out quietly for my cabbage- tree hat, and dropping it on the earth floor found it a success. How long it took me to get in an up right position I cannot tell, but when I did- so tle,only weapon at liand was my stockwhip, and one cannot effect ively use an eighteen feet lash in a twelve feet room. There was an old spade in the fireplace, but unfortunately my unwelcome guest was between me and it, and also between me and the door. Well, it was a tight place, and no mistake but I had to face the music, therefore I walked towards the vermin like a ghost, and feeling ,as white as one. This attracted him further, and as he turned his attention my way I caught his eye and moved softly on until I got hold of the spade, and hit him in the middle. His body actually struck me as I cleared for the door, with him infuriated on my tracks, and as I scooted, a voice yelled "Open the stockyard: gates ?" It was the boss who had come in with some cattle. "Why, what's the matter, you look scared ?" ' he asked, when we had yarded his mob. "Black snake in the hut !" was the reply. Picking up sticks we went cautiously to the door, but could see nothing, he rallied me about having been dreaming and getting frightened on seeing my stockwhip lying on the table. However, as I stuck to my story he said " Where is it then ?" At the same time giving my 'possum rug a poke with his stick, and we nearly tumbled over each other as the venemouis' b'rute darted out with' a hiss. After a big fight I made a lucky stroke,, cutting the reptile in two with the spade, and even then it bit furiously at the iron blade. He measured 7ft. 8in. by the' carpeiiter's'rule, and a few days :after we'had:the pleasure of kill ing his wife Mrs Snake, as she was helping, herself to some cream off the dishes in the dairy. She was nearly as large,: 'and the mystery of how the cream disappeared was solved. 