WIT AND HUMOUR., Pr one m w ho can tsnd prosperity Lumare ten who would like to try. Richo people always'have poor relations; bupoor pople. are not always blessed wil richrletirves..: "Yes," said the proprietor of the barber's shop;. "he vas a very good barber, but we had to let him go ; he didn't understand the husiness," "What did he do 1" "li He forgot to say to a bald-headed customer that his hair needed trniming to-day."' EminentQ.C. (addressing jury) : "And, gentlemen, when we reflect on the very strong safe, the bad tools, the poor light, cramped quarters, and my client's natural weakness, am I not right in claiming he earned the stolen L300 by the sweat Lf his brow?" "All the world's a stage, Sam, and the Sis and women merely players." "iYe, .ariso; but ifats so, where you goin' for s gt yr andiene ad oroheetry. Sons.tiueally Explained.-" Doctor, why -hit that somepeople wholrhoerect oreck Slonger than others who are strong and r~e a "Er-well-yon see, the others die He Didn't Deny It.-She: Before we were ,rried you said you loved the very ground I walkedon. He: So I did, and I love it still. "JTac, have a banana ,, " No;hrllhaves pear." : "I've ony got -an-nas., I ? n Eow that. 0 : { . " Then why do you ask for pear f" SEoasas that's what I want-a pair of earsaaa."--'rom,, Harper's Young People." a were sitting t qu y the rpoo e iPs waseo reading a paper andma o A was knaditting. aresle thma l?olked np over "' \- laes '. t rPa," she id, " I. b'liev-i T Sonwllnolo naloe. i b B ra ", w mepee of."a laidhispaper down fos~lded hishands overit and gazed e lirefire rflectively. "It's kinder 'bout bein' in love," he said slowly. aen pfreepleis counrti' they never seem to orviotuls but jest as soon as they get married victuals is about the only thing they'll hustle for, seven days in the week." 'OT SATIOEIED. I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I'd only Staved I might have had one more. • A "'Is that areal Italian count that is call ng on your sister?" Jimmie: "Well, I should say so. And he must be well known al.over his native land, for there isn't an ie-oream man in town nut what calls him by rame when they speak." go Tn rCR TiOUNIITS. w " What a beautiful thing is thought," she th said 1 "A boon it is to myeelf and Jdn. i adt and think he is thinking of me, th And he sits and thinks I am thinking of tab him." wit 'Couldn't Forget 1hhem.-" Mary," said to the .aick man to his wife when the doctor \- prnouned its case of small.pox, "if any of b my creditors call, tell them I am at last in a wit esodition to give them something." she :A professor, in explaining to a class of . Totng .dlese the theory according to which Dir the body is entirely renewed every seven she ]ar, mid: "Thus, Miss B., in seven years boa J swtill no longer be bliss B." " I really ope I shan't," demurely responded the girl, s modestly casting down her eyes. A ghost'tory-" iam thy father's spirit." l Doing time- The lady who grows younger wo aver year. it. A stationer's traveller, having had a run of loo ad uck in prosecuting business, received said from his employer the following telegram ad -"If you can't make expenses, come home o it onoe." The reply was-" All right. Can make plenty of expenses. but no sales."7 "_e tassi int?le," said the r astor, corm plaoently, "oonsists in saving young men." "Ah," replied the maiden, with a sonlfoul ~ longing, "save a good one forme, won't wen YoU' elotl Himks: "Look at Snigges flirting with the girls over there. I thought you said he was swoman-hater." Wicks: "So he is. but-h he woman he hates is not there." I Another Prodigy.--Mrs Jinnwing (to brie disti shed foreign visitor) : "That pie my daughter is playing is mad I'v ,a , soe -a t," Ie b t h xremely dfaflt, baron." Baron Bremel nigh BACKGROUNDOS. the She errt before an easel with her head tipped a ba lightly so, be tl A paintobrush in her fingers, idly trailing to W and fro. boy' I stood quite clo beside her with a wildly beat. bef ong heart, whe A nd praised with reckless ardour, her pro. Ut frlin rt. inot Ho sweetshe wasanddainty How Iloved look her! I declare had It seemed to me no other girl cold be one-half the o air, and she sat there, leaning forward, inthe grace- h fullest ofpos, of , And deftly putthe hckgrond in a plaque of for, yellow roves. in SAhIthat was many years ago; deargirl I love and her'till. and Iote her smiles and dimples, and admire the elea wondrous skill A -of her dainty, snowy fingers-I'vbeen watch- his ing them to-night ans Move to and ro above the work she's holding es to the light, stro AnI thinking of that other day, I doze a bit, mat perchanee, mar A-aho deftly nuts a background into Jimmie's A other "pants.' Der He had thrown himself at the feet of the -,rl heloved, and on bended knees pleaded Lot ie?s use. "LVill you be my wife2" he tag' -rged passionately. "Certainly," she re- Wa paded with fastdinus frankness; "hbut for C goodness sake don't scrouch down in that tot -ay. I don't like to accept a iran whose sn pantaloons bag at the knee." r Consoling: He: I always used to over estimate my abilties. She (consolingly.: B Well, never mind; Your Iriends never did. con * SOgE sATSFACTIO0. Iin. .I know," dos Remarked the gay coquette, "'I haven't Canght ahusband yet; cusi She added, softly aighineg, I've had some fun while I've been trying." t Bridget's Sarcasm.-Mr Harlem: Why bet don't you bring up the morning paper? It Evt arns half an hour ago. Bridget: Bumpih hai Do yon exoict me to rade it oemin' up the soc S oung MIistress: Bridget, you haven't -vean fresh water to the goldfish. Bridget : o, miss; they ain't drunk what they had Aemloredwomanin Texas town had jasil -turied her fourth hurband. As m duty bound les Pssonu Whangdoodle Baxter called to cons?ole .he widow. ee" D.."eLor' will temper de wind to de ahoem "Doesyermeandat I'se one ob de black thi -desp oh do flock ?" asked the widow tartly. cil "I doesn't mean dat, sister. All I means am ,_ yore afflictohun am sore. Xobody 'preshiates f de cffsrin'e oh de widow." hec "Perticklery when dark colors make her look lk askeerorow. I reckon knows all about de fering ob de widdy. I has been dar foah rn."-'" Texas Siftings." 