CHAPTER XXX. a . ? l'ETF.R, My hair is gray, but not with ynara j Nor grow it white In a Binglo night, As men's havo grown from sudden f oars. — Bytion. Tiirrf. was no lack of food and nlothincr on bniirri tlin Goomnten. nntl the poor stowaway was oared for in a rough and ready style by the crew, who woro ono and all extremely curious to biow who ho was and where he came from. They wore all doomed to disappoint ment. The man got betto'r, was able to stand, then he get about, and pre sently | to lend a hand wherever ho ?was wanted, but was never able to givo any account ,of himself. He j spoke with difficulty, and with a thiok V3iess of speech as though something ailed his tongue, and Ins mind was a blank, ' I don't knowi I can't remember,' ho wpuld say, pitfully,} when ijthey pressed him. ' Oh, if I could— if I only could,' And his distress was so real that they ceased to torment him and lot liim alone. Under the influence of sea air and sufficient food ho beornno an \ other man in appearance, and, indeed, in every way except memory, His :ace filled out, his limbs strengthened, md tho curious look of extreme old ige left him. Ho looked, with his volte haix1, moro like' a man whose iioad had beon blauohe'd by some sud len cause, as his might have boon jould lie only have told. There was no namo ho could ro member for anyone to call him by, 30 the sailors dubbed him Peter, and wvy useful Peter proved himself to be in many little ways. Ho came to be the favourite of everybody aboard the ship, and no one regretted having Pound him in such sorry plight, Hq did not seem to be quite an idiot. He was qnick enough 'of com prehension in most things, and re membered whafe passed from day to day on board. A medical man who was making the voyage gave it as his opinion that ho had been at some time of his life as other men, but could not guess how long this blank condition of mind had liisted. ' His eyes are not the eyes of a born idiot,' he said. ' Some time or other thoro willcomo an awakening for him.' 'And then?' ' He will die, probably. It ia a curious case. I should like to hear the opinion of some of our great men on it. What aro yon going to do with him P' 'I hardly know.' ' You ought to hand him over to tho authorities at Calcutta.' ( ' I don't like to do that. They won't send him to England, and its thero he wants to go,' ' And you aro not going P' ' That s as tho fates may decree. Certainly not directly.' ' Pnnr ivrnto.li ! It, amvmalmv/l +.-?- bo such a helploss waif in the world. If tho Goemptee wore my ship I know what I should do.' ' k SWhatP' v ' Koep him till I found his friends, or he found his senses. He may dio without oither coming to pass—I don't think ho will, though. It's casting bread upon the waters, per haps ; but ? ' ' But it's the sorb of bread that you find again, eh, doctor ? I'll think of it. Peter's worth his salt, anyway. He works in his own quiet way aswoll as tho best of them.' Slowly the Goompteemado horvray round tho Capo of Good Hope— a oapo of noth'ing but ill-onion to her on this voyago, for advorso winds delayed her, and sickness broke out among tho crow. All escaped with life, luckily, bub whun tho worst was ovor, and a fair breeze was taking tho good ship right up tho Buy of Bengal, the/ captain dnolaved, with a tromblo in' his voice, that but for Peter's euro and nursing he should have been two oi' three good sailors tho worse. Peter had been indefatigable in h'w care of tho siuk, seconding -ho doctor's tmuriH in an Jiiwmiguiiir iiisiiiouy won derful to see,. and nursing th«j |)ig helpless fellows till ono by ono they came round, and crawled back to their work, blessing tho day that had brought tho strangor on board, It was Peter who routed out their borths, and aired their bedding in tho aim and wind, and purified the dingy hole they had to sleep in till ho made cleanliness do as much as doctoring for them, and ib was Fetor who fetched their rations, and. mndo the beat and most of them for their fever cloyed appotites, and all so willingly and pationtly that more than ono do clared it was as good as being nursed by his women folk at homo. ' It's\ jusD like having ono's old mother about, doctor,' one of them , said, to the doctor's groat amusement, who, thereupon, dubbed Poter ' Mam mio,' but was doubly kind to him for the rest of tlio voyage, nevertheless, Whon tho crow learned that thoro ?was a question of sending Peter ashoro \ at Calontta, and putting him auto a lunatio asylum, thoy wont aft in a foody and protested, or rathe bogged tho onptnin to nltnt.1 his decision. Tf Potor might stay aboard thoy would Everyone of thorn givo up a shave ol: Food for him. Ho was m uRoful, might ho not, stay till thoy went back (o England ? Tho oiiplain considered, and conson. ted. Itu tulkod to Potor and did his Lost to make him understand that bo was not going to England yet awhile, which, seemed to bo tho great point in his poor, mmldlod brain. Ono thing Poter undci'slood. perfectly, viz , that \t ho remained iu Calcutta ho would 1)0 shut nil, and ho clinic to Cantain foakes with childlike confidence in tis power and protection. ' No i no takome away,' ho ropliod And tho captain let him stay. He took tho precaution of lotting lis employers know all about Potor md how he camo by him, and thoy in ;hoir turn promised to mako tho fact v-nown in England, but months nlipp* 3d by and thoy forgot alfybbut tho(iuan in board the Gooiuptoe, ' Onptian N'oakoB'spob madman,' as thoy called him amongst themselves, So Potoi1 Railed away with the friends who had been so kind to him, and who novor camo ono hairsbreadth nearer to knowing' anything jgabout him, and the Goompteo sailed away to China and Japan, and did a little business at' other Indian ports till it uamo a twolvomonth sinco tho night when ho had braved the sharka on the Gold Coast to gob abonrcl, He was altered out of all knowledge now. Ho had become much whiter, and, notwithstanding, '.his excessivo paleness, ho did not look unhealthy. Ho was a handsome man, though his pallor was excessive. There was no brace of colour iu his faco. No sign of insanity betrayed itself, oxcop tm i.!. ? nn. ? i._.i ±i. _ p ? cp ? *i_ ii3 oyoa. 4 noy iiuu tne laroiryBeoK ng expression that is so pitiful to see — ft/Sonse of something wnich canuoji )o 'found. His speech had grown jlearor, though ho did not talkmuoh. )uco and again had Captain NoakeH 'anoied that a gleam of intellect was 'oturning to Peter's mind, but it mnishod as quickly as it appoarod. At Shanghai vari6us things were m board for sale with tho usual ox n-bitant prices attached, and Peter looked and admired with the reRt. Suddenly his(oye foil upon an ivory :avved cross^ amongst other Svaros, \nd seemed to wako some memory or ussociatiou. ' I'll buy that,' ho said, and tho men round, him laughed, for Peter's pockots were as om'pty as his poor Iioad. / '.What ia it, lads P' tho captain asked./ »' Ho had been looking, and buying) and grumbling at] being cheated like (-.ho rost. ? ' Peter wants to buy that, sir,' ono of the men replied; ' Why, Poter, what do yoa want with it, oh P' Peter lookod up at the soundiof tho voice always so gontlo to him, and unsworod,,in an odd, dreamy way — l( I want it for my wife.' Thero was a general laugh at tho idea of Petor's wj.fo, and some rough jokes bandied about, butj Captain Noakos bouglitjfche,littlo trinket, and drew Petor away from the noisy group. ' There it is,' he said, putting ib into his hand. ' You oan put it by and keop it for her, you know. Tell iyi n ti^lirx olin in nun tiFlinsiA tpn 11 In-Pi*, linn Peter. Won't you P' Peter put his hand to his head with a sigh. « \ ' My wife,' he said. ' She is Mrs. — ~, the Hon. i Mrs,™— - Ah, it's gone. I can't tell.' i^And ho burst into a wild passion of tears and sobs, which tho oaptain, like a sonsiblo man, took no notice of, but hailed as a good omen. '? Tlje ohango the doctor talked of is coming, maybe,' §he said to him self. His wife ! Is ib roal or only fancy, I wonder P Maybe she's dead, and her loss has made him what he is.' Nothing moro camo of fchis strange glimmor of recollootion in Peter's mind. For some days ho ysufforod intensely from headaohos,4nd lay moaning, half blind and stupid with' the pain ;* then ho got better, and went about as usual. Tho Goompteo was en route for England now, with orders to call at tho Onpo for two pas sengers, no other than Mr. Itiuhard Adah1 and Ids wifo. Instead of bring ing them back to England, his om ninvm'H linrl nn-nf-. t.lin vniinrv innn nnrl **VT««»1J -»%««« MV4AV V««V IWIIittt A.kl.Ab (Vlt^l iis wife to Capo town for a year.1, and iow thoy were really going with ro. itored health and monoy in their )ookets to a very good position under ;he same employers. Tho Goompteo wait chartered by tho firm, who pro vided for their passages in her. Alice Adair was a Very difforont creature now, as sho paced tho deck leaning on her husband's arm, from the fragile creature who had been so startled by tho intrusion of tho poor vagrant into her home on tho Gold Coast ; sho lookod dolicate utill, and would always carry about with her a reminder of that torriblo time of. mor tal sickness ; but her stop was Jirm andheroyo bright; and hoi1 hearb was full ol: pleasure ab tho proapocb of goingi back to the oM country, though iu it sho had no homo but what Rjichord would make for hoi1, and scarcely anyone she could onll a friend, ' Dick, doar,' she said, whon thoy wore shut into their tiny stateroom for tho night, ' Well, littlo woman.' ' I think 1 am going mad.' « ' Heavon bloss mo ! Why P' ho said, somewhat startled at iho curious nnnouncomont, as well jjho might bo. ' Yoiu'oiueinborthostmngoman P' 'Yes!' They had always spoken of thoir quoor gnost as ' the strange man,' ana no Kno^r io wnom sue iviiuaott a 011(50. ' Toi, dear.' (t He's hero.' ' Whore P' 'In this ship!' ' Nonsenso!' ' Yea, he is. I saw him, or else his ghost. Do you think I am going ' ol:l\ my head,' us people call it P' ' Nob yon. Yon hayo fancied him, or couiured up a likeness, doar, that's all.' ' I don't think I did. I saw him quitd plainly i he had lomo olothos on, not ragn, and he's grown stout and strong looking s but I'm sure it was the same. I should know him by his hair.' ' Thou wo shall find out who ho is and all about him if ho's hero, Go to sleop you excitable] creature,, do, and I'll ask tho captain in the morn iBff.' They heard all Peter'* biatory in the morning, nnd found, without a doubt, that ho was the k tran go wnif who had visited them nnd disappear* cd go suddenly, and who must have surely borno a chnhneel life to Iiuyo lonehod Iho. ship sufoly from tho shore. Mrs, Adair felt' no fenr for him now, though his face puzzled hovmora than ovo r. It w as familiar and yob strange. Potar soemed to i emembor her vnguo ly, and to bo rather afraid of her, but hoi1 gontlo mannor and pleasontfaeo soon put him ab hia ease. Boforo tho voyiigo was half ovor ho camo to bo Ivor dovoted servant; and she would declavo a dozen times a day that sho did not know what she should do without Potor. ' (To bo continued) 