LITERARY GOSSIP. It is good to hear from our London correspondent, who writes on 29th June, that the book of the week is certainly Mr George Meredith's novel, 'Lora Orraont and his Amiutn ' " he says " I have only been able to look it has all) through, but it is evidently as full as any book which Mr. Meredith has ever written of original incidents, eccentric characters, and clever dialogue. To people who care for George Meredith he will always be caviare to the general this book will probably rank pretty well upon a level with Diana of the Crossways, " I his news is good, because it indicates that the recent flashy books of the week, this, in more senses than one have not destroyed the taste for something better The Nineteenth Century for July opens with a sonnet by Mr. Swinburne entitled 'A Carnot." It contains a couple of fine lines reminding us bon - Bark late bade Lincoln's bend and Garfield she Low even as his who bids his France farewell Mr. Unwin is about to issue on hand-made paper, limited to J >0 copies, a tragedy entitled "Tiberius," by the late Francis Adams There will be an introduction by Mr W William Michael Rossetti The dedication, which Mr Adams wrote in Egypt shortly before his death, is to his brother, " Harry Reardon Adams, only brother, trucrt critic, dearest friend " What he thought was my best," wrote the author, " my strongest and most sincere this I give him now with all the unspeakable memories of our childhood, youth, and early manhood " Mr. Charles Baxter, of Edinburgh, Mr R L Stevenson's legal and literary agent, has been in London in connection with so no new manuscripts of the " exiled Simon, and the raising of Stevenson in 22 volumes The new edition was more than subscribed for as soon as the circular was issued by Messrs Chatto and Windus. The late Lord Chief Justice had, it is understood, in his possession, an exceedingly interesting collection of letters of Coleridge, Wordsworth and Southey, which had been addressed to his father. Sir John T. Coleridge The Coleridge letters cover nearly the whole of the poet's career, and begin with the appeal to buy his discharge from the army. It is not yet known whether the Lord Chief Justice has made any testamentary disposition of these letters, and of his other literary treasures. Ino London publishers complain of the dulness of the times Several works recently published are, however, selling well. " Esther Waters " is in a third edition, and the demand continues steady Mr. Stopford Brooke's " Tennyson His Art and Relation to Modern Life " (Isbister) has been very successful The first edition of "The Invisible Playmate," by Mr. William Canton, recently issued by Messrs. Ihbietcr, has also been popular, the first edition having been entirely sold out Messrs Sampson Low are to publish Mr William Black's new novel " Highland Cousins " and Mr. R. D. Blackmore's " Peri) Cross " in September Apropos of " Brand," it is stated that Mr. Unwin is already issuing a cheap edition of Mr. Edmund Garrott's verse translation of the poem. It is the new volume of the Cameo Series, and has the same frontispiece as the first edition on hand-made paper Messrs Chatto and Windus are to publish the " Life and Inventions of Edison," by Mr. W. K. L. Dickson and Mr Antonio Dickson The work has been prepared with the approval, and in a variety of ways the active assistance, of Edison. It begins with an account of his family, which was of Dutch stock, and comes up to his most recent invention. Asked once about his forbears, the inventor's reply was, " Oh, what in thunder can I say about them r" The book will have 250 illustrations, these including pictures of Edison, his wife and children, Samuel Edison, his father, and Mrs. Nancy Edison, his mother. A page of Edison's first enterprise, the Gi and Ti link Herald, will be reproduced The next book in the Badminton Library, which is to be " Archery," will not be ready until September. Messrs. Longman, who publish the Badminton, announce a series of papers in one volume by Lord Brassey, on " Work and Wages" The identity of one more " Pseudonym " writer 18 revealed Many people have recently been enjoying " The Honorable Mnnbury," and will be interested in hearing that the author of this tale and its companion, entitled "Poor Miss bkeot," is Miss Char- i lotto Stewart Miss Stewart was a contributor to the Woman's World, a magazine which has ceased to exist, but which at one time was under the editorial control of Mr Oscar Wilde. George Egerton, the author of Keynote i7ïïcoTenà7o be Mrs. Clairmont covered; to The revision committee appointed by the use, of Translators engaged in the v£££$Z "Peoples Version of the New Testaments be just concluded their half -yearly session at Cuba Good progress was reported, and many Import decisions arrived at It is not expected that any nor tion of the work will be published before _rt year " The University of Pennsylvania has amused i course of journalism in its veryw, spearing The course will be taken in the last two years of the student's career, and it is intended that heinstrut I tion shall be of the completest and in structive character, an experienced professor 01 journal-is" having been put in charge of the work This attempt has been made before at one or two American colleges, but has been considered a failure The system of allowing readers at Clerkenwell Free Library to select books from the shelves! silt, being in operation two weeks, has atuweredeshi factory The Duty News says that the net effect so far, has been to diminish the output of fiction' and increase the number of borrowers To decrease of novels is accounted for by the fact that readers have an opportunity of examining other books, not saw oil known to them as works o! c. tion, and an opportunity to reject novels which am, not please them after a cursory elimination An attendant relieves the reader of his old book as he passes a barrier to inspect the shelves, and another attendant at the exit makes a note of the volume selected Among the anecdotes 01 Kinglake narrated),. Madame Novikoff in the yew review a tie foUoira. amusing instance of the trials of an historic - "You know lara supposed to be an historian said Kinglake "the other day I got a letter which really touched me it was signed by two people, husband and wife, and came from one of our colonies they described their grief Their only child had been killed in the Crimea For mu in comprehensible reason they were most union to have their beloved darling mentioned in my History of the Crimean War Surprised but flattered, I replied by return of post thing I UTI not done for many many years th it I should be happy to do my best for the comfort provided Uuv sent me the necessary particulars Again s letter signed by both mother and father arrived but still the following cruel Mitton - . We have no but ticulars whatever he was killed on the spot lit many others, and anything you may badly area will be welcome IV e leave it entirely to your jug merits Professor Skeat discovered some little while be in a " Balade to Itosomounde," a poem by Chahar hitherto unprinted and unknown He has now discovered in manuscript vi hat be pronounce) without hesitation to be another hitherto unknown poem by Chaucer It wUl I found printed in the Athritvi m (9th Jims) Professor Skeat 19 convinced of the authenticity of his new find, not only by the superscription on the manuscript " B those that Chaucer," but by internal evidence, assessing "the most complete except that exists of Chaucer's history over the technical. ties of the thin " rroiessorbKeiitmailohiadacoTcrj on the 1st of Time, which will henceforth he, hit me as much to him as to the But the navy " the Solomon First." Mr Powell, Professor of Welsh at the Umnmlj College of South Wales and Monmouthshire, about to publish by subscription a photographic finals of the Welsh Psalter printed by Bishop Morgan in 1788 It is a foolscap qu rate of 168 pages in Mick letter, of which only four copies are hnowntol»u ex scenes like fac-simile will have an íntrodaetan and illustrations of Bishop Morgan's birthplace at the residence of William Salsbury, the Webb time Star of the Bible, and fac-similes of autographed Air Station recent book of gossip, "Thup I Have Seen and People I Have Known, we get a reminiscences of Charles Dickens, with whom Mr Sala had his first real journalistic experiences "Household Words " This is an interesting pc mine -' To talk, to Die Wells was a vastly Secret thing from talking to backers The author d ' Vanity Fair was a master of anecdote, penning and repartee, he was 1 varied and fluent linguist' he was a lover and practitioner of us, he was saturated with seventeenth and eighteenth century literature, both French and English, ideas could hold his own with such masters of control tion as Abraham Ha) v, Ward and Richard Monckton Milnes (Lord Houghton), and with (all a lormidaiV opigru-nnmtist and wit as Douglas Jemml Dickeson the other hand, seldom talked it length on the time, either of the present or the past. He FITZ rarely said anything about art, and, for white usually termed ' high art, I think that li bud that profound contempt which is generally the outcome of lack of learning Indeed ward first visited Venice and wrote for him an article called ' A People at the Prow '-my text being 1 gondola 011 the Grand Canal and the gondoLa dog he expressed himself as especially press! with my production on the ground that it contains ' no cant about art ' A\ that he tried to talk about was the latest new piece at the theatres, the uses exciting trial or police case, the latest social 000 or social swindle, and especially the latest murder, and the newest thing in ghosts. He delighted in that short, droll stones, and occasionally indulge! in comic similes and drawing waggish parallels. He frequently touched on political subjects sinn from that which was then 1 strong tactical point of view, but which at present I imagine would be thought more Conservative than Democratic, but his conversation, I am bound to say, once forah,4»t not HBO above the amusing commonplaces of a THE shrewd, clever man of the world, with the Huxham of hatred of shams and humbugs " 