REVIEW. the verbal theory. (IJv the AIodekator.) Tn the next part of 'lie Moderator's address ho sub jects the " Verbal Theory " to four uritieal tests. Again we must affirm, to protect the reader from misapprehension, that it is not the authority of the scriptures as a uivinc revelation, nor the inspiration of the holy wiitincs that he is testing by his critical methods, but only the " Verbal Theory " respecting tho scriptures. The first lost is the history of the " Veilml Theory" itself. This theory since the hitter end of the 17th century, " has been held almost down to nearly our own times," lie does not mean by this that all christians have held it. The church of England, as a clmi-cli, lias not held it, but many in tho church of England may liavo believed in it. The churches of Scotland have not held it, though many individuals in those churches may have done so. Tho eonfeitsloi 1 of Faith did not enjoin it, neither did the " Tbirtu-nine. art hit The Helvetic con fession imposed it in a very st riet and binding form, extending it to the vowel points of the lb- brew language. The Divines at. Westminster Assembly did not accept: it; neither Luther nor E'lilviu adopted it. Hut it was held by some of the Fathers as early as 200 A. D. Tho Moderator rejects it as only a tra dition of the serines unworthy of credence. The second test is that there is no perfected text of 'scripture that is absolutely freo from verbal error. Both the English versions contain verbal errors. The Latin \mlgatu and tho French text contain mi-takes, not of Lhe inspired writers, hut of later copyists. Tho verbal errors were not caused by llie holy men who spoke from God, being moved 1>y tho Holy Ghost, but by uninspired copyists of later ages. ' Grilieal investigation by distinguished scholars in Italy, France, Germany, England, have shown many thousands ot variations in tho large number of ancient manuscript readings. Most of those variations are of a very trivial and unim portant character and do not ntl'oct the integrity of the original texts as inspired documents ; for every scholar knows that they aro only the slips ami errors incident to tho copyist. But those variations prove tho Moderator's contention against the "Verbal Theory." The I inspiration of tlio bible (loos not depend on tlio " Verbal Theory." l'ojre Leo XIII lias issued a most able, lucid, and altogether remarkable letter on llie "study of the sacred scriptures." The I'opo declares that " in spiration is incompatible with et- ior. And in this, he is undoubtedly right. If we do not misunder stand tlio Moderator, he agrees with tho l'upe on this fundamental principle. " It is true," says I lis Uolin-s, " no doubt, that copyists hare matte mistakes in the tv.vt (>flhe bible. This question, when it arises, should lie carefully considered on its merits, and the fact not too easily admitted, hut only in those pvsnges where the proof is clear." Precisely so, That, is 1 Ik- kernel of the position. And it. is what- Mho grout scholars of the Catholic and the Reformed churches hive boon attempting to rectify. The two great English scholars Bp, Westeott and Hort, of tho present day have devoted their lives to tlio great task, and have succeeded in giving us tlio purest Gruel; text of tho Now- Testament in uxisteiice. While tiiov - have done this, tlmy do not claim for their text . absolute perfection or thai it is freer from every verbal error that copyists liavo made. What we aro certain of is, that their Greek New Test amen , gives us the verital to words of the Apostolic writers, which were inspired in them by the Holy Ghost. We agree cntiroly with the Pope when lie says that we cannot " admit that the inspired writer litis erred. On the whole, in tho main, and sub stantially, we have in the scriptures tlio genuine gold of the pure word of God. The fact thai hero and there a small grain of sand has slipped in by tho mistake of a copyist docs not affect tho validit y, authority, and genuine gold of tho inspired word of God contained in tho sacred scriptures. This wo are confident llv Mudm-it-n- believes and cordially aec.epts. But it 1 th'- grain of sand of the copyist that upsets the " Yero.u Theory." That is his con tention. Ami 0110 grain of saml introduce I into the sacred text by the copyist is as good for his pin-pose as if it contained a million grains. For one grain of sand, or 0110 mistake by a copyist destroys the " Verbal Theory " as certainly as ten thousand would do. But this does not ton di tlni divine authority and inspiration of tlio Holy .Scrip tures. As holy moil of old spake from God as they wero moved, or inspired, or dictated to by tlio Holy Ghost, therefore it is impossible as Pope Leo states tluvt "any error can co-exist with insinu ation, that inspiration is essentially incompatible with error, excludes and rejects it absolutely, as it is impossible that God Himself, the Supreme Truth, can utter that which is not true." Here also the Pope and the Moderator join hands in their acceptance oE the inspired word of God. But as tho original manuscripts of the scriptures aro lost or decayed we have tlicm only in copies tlmt liavo been transcribed. Those verbal mistakes wore not in the original inspired dceuments, nut crept in through tlio course of centuries by tlio unintentional mistakes ol copyists. It is the errors of copyists that scholars liavo long been labouring to weed out from the text of tlio inspired records. The Moderator's objection to t lie " Verbal Theory" is that it binds men to believe in, and accept tho errors of tlio copyists as if they were the pure word of God. This is the gist of the wholu case in the Moderator's destructive criticism. llis third test is that the Verbal Theory will not bear tlio results of the "Higher criticism." Th"s part of his subject was very easy. Tho so-called I higher criticism is not infallible in its results. It is I not a fixed quantity but varies with almost each I varying critic. What wo mean is that sonio higher oriMcs regard the bible as a collection of myths, imhistorical statements, and the utterances of men wiio wero deluded, That it L-'intnins more falsehood than truth. They are altoguthor hostile to the bible. This class "of higher critics is, as Leo XIII says, tainted with falso philosophy and rationalism that loads to the elimination from the sacred writ ings of all prophecy and miracle." But all higher critics are not of this class. Many aro men of devout faith and unblemished piety. Wostcott, Ilort, Cave, Sandy Cheuyno and others are all higher critics, hut they are also eminent christians. It' is to this class of christian scholars that the Moderator refers. llis fourth test is the " Verbal Theory " tried by the history of t he Canon or the collection of inspired hooks called the bible. Here tho Moderator and the l'opo part company. Tho Pope stands by the decisions of the council ol Trent which dec-ree l that all the hooks of the bible, with tho addition of some of the Apocryphal Books aro also canonical unil to bo received as inspired. Tlio Moderator on the other hand inclines to tho view of Calvin in his Antidote to tho Council of Trent when ho says, " t he quostion as to certain books being in tho canon must remain open," Tho Westminster Confession c-f Faith accepts all tlio hooks of the bible as aanonieal, except tho Apo cryphal books. But upon this point tho Moderator gives 110 deliverance, lie only used the history of tlio canon niul its fluctuations to show the fallacy of the " Verbal Theory." I11 our next articlo we shall deal with the true function of tho bible. Police Court. — On Tuesday last the assault case, ir, Daley v. J, Crossley, was called on, but Mr. Wilkinson, who appeared for defen dant stated that he had made arrangements with Mr. Brennan, plaintiff's solicitor, to have the case adjourned until Tuesday next. The P.M., said that being the case he would adjourn until that day. Cricket. — The Yass club play Gunning for the Heaver Cup, 011 the latter's wicket, 011 Saturday next. It would be a great favour to the Yass, men if Gunning could make ar rangements to start the match at 10 o'clock sharp, to enable it to be finished be fore the evening train leaves for Yass, there being no other until Monday morning. 'I lie following players will represent Yass: — T. Ronney, G. Grieves, A. Lloyd, P. Grace, J. Dtifiy, J. Horlon, W. Morten, M. Rooney, 1J. Barber, G. Addison, T. Gilinore, and C. Wood. The Yass men leave Yass by the 7-45 train on Saturday morning. 