ISHNAEL PENtELLY: AN OUTCAST. Br JOSEPII HOOKING, Author of " '?biT .Eastcrbrook," "Z illka," " The Slory of Andrew .Faifaex~ et. (Published by Special Arrangement with Meessrs. Ward, Look, and Bowdon, Ltd.) BOOK IV. OHAPTER I.-(Continued.) . At a quarter to twelove he put on a pair of thick boots and a warm over coat. Then hoe'ent to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portable lamp, and placed it in his overcoat lpoket. Then he took some matches, and after striking.two or three, to see that they ignited easily, he studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was anything more. He noise. lessly opened the library door and stood in the dark passage. He re membered being there with Judith long years before. Ah, how she loved him! I Yes, that night was the first stop in the great sin which had ended twenty- five years aftelrwards in murder. No, not that-justifiable homicide. He listened intently. All was silent, no sound broke the stillness of the night. He thought he heard one of the servants breathing heavily, but that was all. Everyone was asleep but himself, and he felt as though he should never sleep again. Like Mac both, he had murdered it. He turned the lamp low, and orept through the passage into the kitchen, and then went out into the yard by the kitchen door. A dog leaped for ward with a low" growl, but seeing who it was whined affectionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to no company him. 'Idare not take him,' he muttered, ' although he would be company. Lie down hero in the kitchen, old man, and be quiet.' The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, letting himself out again, hurried across the yard into the lane. He stood still and listened. Nothing could be heard.savo the wind moanuing through the trees. He hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now and then, as if in fear, but no one appeared, no sound was heard. After a sharp walk he irrived at the cliffs, and saw far beneath him the restless turbulent sea. It was not so dark out hero under the open sky as at Penwithen. The pale moon could be seen oftener, the clouds wore swept more rapidly across the wild sky, the night did not appear quite so sullen. He looked all around him anxiously, fearfully, and then breathed a sigh of relief. No one was near. The spot was open, neither hedges nor houses were near, and so it would be impos sible for anyone to hide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottago was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown against his face, so he knew that'the Atlantio was in a furious mood. He walked on until he. oamo to the prooipitous footpath loading to the beach. For one who did not know every yard of the cliffs descent would be perilous, but Reuben did not hesi tate, and in a few minutes stood on the hard sea sand. Yes, the tide was receding, and oven now he saw a stretch of sand a few feet wide. He went southward. Fancy the scene. On the one hand, towering rugged cliffs; above, a wild sky; on the other, a storm- tossed angry sea hurling itself on the rock bound coast. The time, midnight, All sound drowned by the incessant roar of the waves and the howling winds, ( Everybody will be in bed,' mut. terod Reuben; 'no one but a man with hell in his heart would come to ouch a spot as this on such a night as this. My Godl I wish I were back at Carloggas with an empty pockelt and a light heart.' On he trudged, now stumbling over the rookse, now splashing through some stream of water which ran towards the receding seaon, but stillmaking his way southward.' 'I was a fool not to destroy it,' he went on at length; 'if I had, there wouldbe no need of this. I should have done it, too, if I hadn't boon a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter wore only written to frighton me, and it is still there, I shall destroy it the moment I got banck to Ponwithon. Yos, I'll do it, though the ghost of old Michaoel appears before me and tolls me to stop. I can understand those old men's stories now. I can see why they bargained with the devil, I'd gladly sell all the soul I've got to live in comfort all the rest of my lifo and Ibe safe. Thoro'd be joy and gladness in the thought;~ but those days are .gon, all the old superstitions are do. stroyed,.' A groat wave swept up, anryling 'ith it a log of wood, and as the water recoded, lft it lying before him.' In the storm-light it did not look unlikoe thobody of a man. Ho started bacnk with a cry of terror,. 'My God,' he oriod, 'tie h l I can go no furtheor, I, am afraid, I dare not go past that thing.' Somothling flapped close to his oear and a ghastly screech frozo the blood in his veins, It was only a sea bird which he had disturbed, and which, as soon as it culd fleow back to its sholter, again ; but to houbon it was the ory of a lost soul, it was a wandering spirit which could find no rest, 'It was li1o his cry last night when he fell I' he gasped. 'Oh, all the lPon withen lands, all the money it has brought me, good namoe, and all the rest will not pay for this. I'll go straight bol and lot him do hie worst.' SHe turned around, and began to re trace his steps, but he had only gone a few steps before he changed his mind. 'What of Grace aud Bert?' he' thought. '1'll save them if I can. I promised'their mother,that I'd never neglect them, and I must save them. Poor, dear Amelia! She gave her lifo for Grace ! Oh, my darilig! Oan't you help me now? No, no. If' there's a heaven, she's there; and the help I want can't come from heaven.' Once more he turned his face towards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half qf relief, half ofmisery. 'It's only a bit of sea drift!' he cried. ' Oh, what a coward I am-a great, hulking coward !' On he rushed, unmindful of winds and waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, so there was no difficulty in walking. Presently a heap of rocks protruded themselves on to the beach, and then he stopped. 'I shall soon know,' he cried. CAh, if it's still there it shall soon be ashes. I'll burn it, in spite of all the dead men's curses that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn't I do it years ago ?' He crept behind the great heap. of rocks, and found a fissure wide enough through which to squeeze. his body; then hlie orawled along a few feet, until he was out of the wind. Outside the wind wailed and the sea surged, but hero was shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket, he carefully lit it, and looked anxiously around him, after which he went farther into tLe cave. Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had not been disturbed since the last flood tide, and'no mark of a footstoep was to be seen. He looked upward, and everything appeared as it was when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent, The sea sounded far away; he was alone-all, all alone. He stood.still a second, as if afraid to act, and he strained his ears, as if he thought he heard something, No; all was silent as death. He made a stop forward towards the dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that ? He thought he heard a sound, like the falling of a stone, and he listened again. No, he was mistaken; he was simply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking awhilo found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. Ho could feel nothing. Cold sweat trickled dcown his. face, and his limbs trembled. ' He must have found it !! he gasped, ' and I am lost!' Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, this time as far as he could reach. His fingers touched something: smooth and cold. Ho clutched it'tightly. and drew it out. *Safe! safe!' he cried;. 'I'm a man again. Let me burn this. when I get homnie, and theli what. have L.to fear ?' Unbuttoning his coat, heiput it into. his breast-pooket, then he carefully buttonedjie coat again, and. again ho. realised the haunting fear which. he. had felt long years before when old dMargery met him along the coast and asked him for the wi. - 'It seems to dirru. a curse with it,' he muttered, 'but it will be Only for an hour.' Once more he held uptho lamp, but in so doing knocked his arm, and the lamp fell from his hand, In picking it up he looked towards the entrance of the cave, and he thought he saw something shining, and quickly hold the light towards it, but nothing was to beseoen. 'Another delusion,' he moaned, Sanother delusion-ah, but I wish John Traser was a delusion, Living or dead, he is a curse to me. Stll the will is safe, and the name of Pon withen will notbe disgraced,' KHe groped out of the cave again, and in a few seconds later he stood under the open sky; Madly he rushed along the beach, looking noelthor to the right nor left, and so he did not notice that he was followed, Yet it was so. A man, bonding almost to a double, kept near him all the way, oven as he had done over since he had left Ponwithon, When Rouben Ponwithen had stood on the cliff, and breathed a sigh, of rolef boonuseo hoe was unnoticed, this creature had been lying fiat on the ground; but his eyes wore-never taken from the froeaied yeoman, When Reubon had turned anrid fled from the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follower orouohod bohind a rook and watched; 'and wheon the freniated man had on tored the cave, and' soearched for the 'will, no movement weont unnoticed. The watcher muttered ofttimos too, but he feared not, No ghostly visi tants troubled him; all his thoughts wero about the man before him, whom he know walked in hell, Whelion Reubon hurried towards Pone withen, and stumbled sometimes as he trudged along the beaonoh, his watcher seemed to be undoolded 'whether to make himself known, but he lot him olimb the acliff first, then; rushing up as easily as a chamois rushes up a mountain path, ho saw that he must do his work quickly, SOnce on the headland again, Rou bon's hoeart boat lighter, Even the last night's deed did not trouble him so much now, and so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lyig safely over )sia heart, he journeyed rapidly towards his homo, Presently, how over, his quick oar detected a sound, and he was about to turn around when lie felt a stealthy handfastoesitselfupoa his arm lilko the grip of stool, whleoa low, mooking voloo said to.him : 'I want to speak to youe, Reubeon Po?nwithon,' OHAPTER. II. DESrAI .! ' :Tho sorrows of dealoth cornmparse~d mo.eand the pains of-hell gut hdld upon mne. .--.. aPs? . '"Aiid it was aill plly, and no one could toll what it had lived.and wor1ed for. A striving and a striviug, and an ending in nothing.' . g \--0.vwn SmOrrENEn. Reuben started in terror. He had thought he was alone, he never dreamed, in spite of his watchings, that anyone but himself could be out at suoh-an' hour, on such a night, and so he gasped, ' Who are you P - What do you want ?' 'Several things,' was the- quiet reply. By this time he had got over his surprise a little, and ho looked up into the face of the man who spoke so sktrangely. 'Isihmael Pengelly.' 'Yes. You didn't think I- was so interested in your movemonts;. oh ?' 'Well, I am, you see.' What do you want ?' 'You know voery well. I want what you stole, what I have beeoon seeking. for years.' Did he know what had been dbne, and where he. had been ?. Reuben did not know, but-- he dotormined! to struggle to the end. 'I'veo only a few pounds with me, lehmael Pengelly. If you'd asked me in a proper manner I would have let you have them readily. But it seems you prefer becoming a midnight :robber. Well, I expected it of ,;yo. ' Fortunately, I do not want your money. I only claim my rights, mine and mother's. You possess what does not belong to you, and I claim it.' 'What do you moan ?' 'You know what I moean. Michabl Penrose's will.' 'Still mad on that? There never was a will.' 'Very well, then I'll be content witfh what you have in your breast pooket.' 'Broeast pocket! My-you-you saw !' ' Saw ? certainly I did. I kept my eyes open for that.' Thoe Ponwithon lost his presence of mind for a minute. ' But how-how did you know ?' he cried. ' Know ?' replied Ishmaol; 'I told you I know. You thought you were alone to-night. Well, yoiu weren't I followed. I saw you enter the cave. I saw you take the will from its hliding place. You have it now-give it to mne.' 'Thon you sent that--' '-Yos, I sent the letter. You seeo my plans were ioeady. I don't mind telling you this now, beooause it is beat you should know. I made sure tlhat the letter would fetch you, and it has.' ' You scheming demon !' oried Renu ben, maddened by the cool mookery of his tormentor, 'Yes, we've both schemed. I to gain my rights, you to keep what was never yours. But I sohemed best. You are too much of a coward to be success. ful in what you do. You- nerves are of putty, mine of steeool. There's the dif ference,.' Ishmael hold him in the same steady grip, never missing a single movement of his body., 'It wasn't a will I took,' sai.d Reuben, 'It was something which does not affeoot you in the slightast degree, But I'!L get you what you want, Come to me in the morinug and you shall hanae it,' 'It wouldn't be conveniont for me to come in the morning,' said IsThmnael mookingly; 'you see, I'm s- much interested in those Lelhnt mines, Ever sinuoo you were so anxious, through Squiro Rotallick, to put fi:e hundred pounds in. them for me, those mines Ihave had a wondloerful ~asoination;'? and he laughed a low, bitter laugh. Rouben writhed as he heard this taunt, The young man had soon through his every moveoment, 'Besides,' Ishmaol went on, 'I've a very strong desire to see what you took from the oave, It must have a curious history, and as youw say it does not affect me, thore can be no possible objeotion, Roubon hesitated a minutoethon he said huskily, Very well, you shall see it,' Ishmnel loosened his grip somowhat then; and Reubon, who had antici. patedthis, mado a'suddon struggle, and slipped hfrom his gras p. He mado a wild leap forward, and fled for' life. A minute lator heo was hurled to the ground with tvrriblb foroeo., I Vory well,' said Ishmael; 'sinoo one way will not succeeood another must be tried,' With nb gentle 'hand he tore the coat open, and took the packet away from the .prostrato man at his foot. He put it in his own poolcket, and buttoned his coat. earofully over it, while Reuben, who had boon stunned by the fall, slowly rose to his foot,. By this time Ishmael was booomlng oexcited, His eyes gleamed red, and his hands quivored with passlon. Evory nerve was highly strung. A.t last he was victorious. Long yeoars he had been waiting for this time, waiting, watching, and soihming, Now he had found the will the lands were his, and to him that meaont homo, happiness, hoavon! He felt that he possseod a great treasure, and the man or men. who took it from him ,would have a torrible work before them. He no longer felt that ho could mack Roubon;i he wanted to pour out his hatred in burning, bitter words. Still he rotained his command over himself, and still watched the man he had so far conqueored, But the battlo was not endoed yet, 'Give that banok,' orled Rbubon. It is not youre; it is mineo.' 'Prove it yours at a court of law, then.' (,b be c.n..n.d, ,," , ' :' . 