THE REY. W. F. MAIN. A FAREWELL SERMON. The Rev. W. F. Main, who has been com-<*> palled to resign his charge of St. Giles's Pres byterian Church, Norwood, through illness, on Sunday evening delivered his farewell sermon to his congregation. He took as the subject of his duoourse the apoatle Paul's oommenda tion of the Rpheman ciders, basing his remarks on Acts, chapter 30, vene.32, andzCorinduane, chapter 13, vene 11. After referring to the interview of Paul at Miletos with die elders of Epheeus, when be recounted his labors among them and gave diem solemn charge as to dieir Intore life and conduct, the rev. gentle man said—" Brethren, by the spaos of thrice die Apostles' three years in Epheeus it has been my privilege to labor among you in the Lord. Much of my ministry has been aocom | pushed with joy. The later portion of it how ever hsa been darkened by influences which, notwithstandSnft the blessings I hare gratefully seen attending my labors, have oppressed my spirit and enfeebled my health, and thereby my vital strength has been co broken down tbat I am no longer able for the active work of my ministry. It is from die oonsoiousnees of this physical inability that, with loyalty to my Master and to you, my people, whom be to my care, I have been constrained to demit my charge. Uenoe it is that it becomes my sad and solemn duty this night to bid you farewell, and in bringing tny ministry to a olose I can find no more fitting benison to bestow than, like Paul, to commend you to God and "the word of Bis grace." In the text was pre sented, asid the preacher, the entire train of progress and development in the Christian life, and he desired to illustrate the beginning, progress, and dose ot that spiritual life. Tbe process that tock place in men to fit them to be temples of die Holy Ghost was the fatting of their varied powers, faoul tiee, and emotions into a perfect whole that God might dwell in tuem. Man, however, was God's temple in ruins, but it need not so abide, as deep as the ruin, co glorious might be die restoration, but ere they oonld be living habi tations of God there must be breathed into them die breath of life, so that they sbonldba living souls, and thus only be enabled to fulfil that other end of their existence. God alone was die one source of de liverance from ruin, and able and willing to give men an inheritance ameng tbe Banotified. After oommending his ohuroh to God with earnest exhortation tbe preaoher charged parents to bong their children to Jeeo?, and the children to go to Jesus in the spring time of their lives. He urged diem not to let die words he had spoken to them then and in tbe past to be as water spilled upon the ground tiiat could not be gathered up again, but rather to let them sink into their hearts as seed into good soil,, and bring forth fruit to die praise sod glovy of God. The preacher concluded in die following terms:—"Now, brethren, I oa?msadyoutoGodandtotneWord of His graos, whioh is able to build you np, and to give you an inheritance among all them that are ssnntiflsd. In she words of this apostle, •Finally, brathrao, farewell.' - 