SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1894. In view of the increasing interest that is being taken in occult phenomena of every kind, Mr. ANDREW LANG has done good service in drawing attention to the striking resemblance that exists between those of our day and the old folk- lore stories and superstitions of primitive peoples. Ghosts, haunted houses, hypnotism, clairvoyance, tele- pathy, levitation, divination, crystal vision, and the other fashionable marvels of this age can be paralleled by wonders which are to be found among the records of all nations in ancient mediæval, and modern times. Thus we meet with clairvoyance among Eskimo, Finns, Zulus, Ame- rican Indians, and the Highlanders of Scotland, by whom it is known as second-sight. Spirit- rapping is recognised among Dyaks, Singhalese, Siamese, and Esths. Crystal gazing in various forms has been practised by Egyptians, Maories, and mediæval magicians like Dr. DEE, whose crystal globe is in the British Museum, Levitation is recorded to have been performed by savages in Australia, fakirs in India, saints in mediæval Europe, a gentleman's butler in Ireland in the seventeenth century, boys in Somerset and Midlothian, a young warrior in Zululand, Miss NANCY WESLEY at Epworth in 1716, and Mr. DANIEL HOME in London between 1856 and 1870. The movement of objects with- out contact is, Mr. LANG tells us, to be met with in the annals of Peru, in the mediæval travels of IBU BATUTA, and in the folk-lore of China, as well as among the feats alleged to have been performed by Mr. HOME and Miss KATE FOX. The wonders said to be wrought by modern mediums and spiritualists are, in fact, merely survivals or revivals of primitive superstitions, and, as Mr. LANG says, are surprising chiefly on account of the evidence they afford of "the " apparent good faith in marvel and " myth of many otherwise credible " narrators, and by the coincidence, " accidental or designed, with old " stories not generally familiar to the " public." He asks, " Do impostors " and credulous persons deliberately " 'get up' the subject in rare old " books ? Is there a method of im- " posture handed down by one genera- " tion of bad little girls to another ? Is " there such a thing as persistent " identity of hallucination among the " sane?" In his later article on the subject, " Superstition and Fact," which appears in the December number of the Con- temporary Review, Mr. LANG takes a more serious view of the matter. Look- ing at the persistence and generality of this class of stories, he suggests that there are perhaps in man " transcendent " faculties beyond what can be explained " by physiological causes as at present " recognised." His argument is this. Many strange and abnormal facts, such as those of mesmerism or hypnotism, which for a long time were regarded with incredulity and derision, are now very generally accepted as genuine. May it not therefore be that other still stranger and more unaccountable stories which we find associated with these are also true ? His argument is thus summed up: —" The chief reason for believing that " an accepted extension of human " faculty may be imminent is this. A " certain set of phenomena long laughed " at, but always alleged to exist, has " been accepted. Consequently the " still stranger phenomena—uniformly " said to accompany those now wel- " comed within the scientific fold— " may also have a measure of fact as a " basis for the consentient reports." In considering this view of the matter, which is supported by Mr. LANG with much ingenuity, it is necessary to ask these questions. Why do the vast majority, not only of scientific men, but also of men of the world, unhesitatingly reject the pheno- mena which form the subject of inquiry by the psychical research societies? And is it not a fact that such stories would not be accepted as authentic in a court of law? Would any judge or jury, for instance, admit as deserving of belief evidence based solely upon clairvoyance or second sight? There is no doubt as to the answer. All such statements are re- jected as resting on insufficient evidence. We may go even further, and say that from their very nature they are almost incapable of proof. Of the alleged facts a certain number, such as those relating to ghosts, haunted houses, and clairvoy- ance, are admittedly rare and excep- tional. Their occurrence is irregular and capricious, and there are no known or even assignable conditions on which it depends. In another class of cases, such as those of levita- tion and movement of objects without contact, the recorded instances are nearly all tainted with a suspicion of trickery and charlatanism. The pro- fessional medium who makes money by his performance is always to be dis- trusted. In connection with all the marvels of modern mediums and magicians there is a want of sincerity and open daylight that amply accounts for the incredulity with which they are regarded by the more intelli- gent part of the public. In broad contrast to all those wonders are the facts of science. If an experiment is announced that seems to conflict with known scientific teachings it is at once repented by hundreds of investigators throughout the civilised world, and either confirmed or rejected. If confirmed, the conditions and sur- rounding circumstances are carefully noted, and stand on record for the benefit of all future experimentalists. If a new and startling discovery is made known, the scientific world re- serves its opinion until confirmatory evidence is obtained. It is quite other- wise with the marvels referred to by Mr. LANG. They are either single and isolated occurrences that cannot be repeated or tested, or if they are wrought by persons professing to possess unusual powers they have a strange habit of eluding investigation by trained inquirers, and where they have not succeeded in doing this they have invariably been failures. Hence the attitude of the scientific mun towards all this class of phenomena is ono of incredulity. Ho does not say that such things have not happened or cannot happen, but ho refuses to believe tliem on the evidence adduced. This attitude is quite justifiable, and it may safely bo said that until there is evi- dence of a far stronger kirid than has hitherto been brought forward in their support they will continuo to bo re- ceived with incredulity. Mr. LANG has undoubtedly shown that there is a remarkable resemblonco between the modern supernatural or quasi-super- natural stories and old superstitions, but most people will probably hold that this fact tolls rather against tho new than in favour of tho old marv.ls. Human nature is being explored by scientists and moralists just now with inconvenient curiosity ?- a curiosity which tolerates no reserves, shrinks from no experiments, and whicli un- imaginative people, at least, will bo tempted to describe as hugely im- pertinent, not to say indecent. Amongst the most uucomfortablo " exhibits," for oxiunple, in the Chicago Exhibition was one which represented the average man as ho looks when translated into purely chemical elements and tied up in brown-paper parcels, or oiîored to the eyo of science bottled up in a series of phials. A large glass jar, it seems, held the 061b. of water which enters into tho body of the " average man," while in a serins of other receptacles were offered 31b. of " white of egg," about 101b. of puro glue, 34Alb. of fat, 8Jlb. of phosphate of lime, lib. caibonate of lime, 3oz. of sugar and starch, 7o/,.,iiuorideof calcium, 6oz. phosphato of u'uignesia ; the pro- cession of " ingredients " being brought up by a pinch of "ordinary tablo salt." According to a yet more searching analysis, tho same mun is found to contain 071b. of oxygon, 151b, of hyttiogcn, and 31b. 13oz. of nitrogen, whilst a foot cube of coal suited for cooking purposes-represents the carbon present in the " average " man." A still moro shining feat of analytical chemistry corks the " avorago " man "-or at least his elements-up in a row of bottles containing " 4oz. of " chloiine, 3Aoz. fluorine, .oz. ?phos " phorus, 3¿oz. brimstone, 2 Joz. each of "sodium and potassium, l-10oz. of " iron, 2oz. of magnesium, 31b. 3oz, of " calcium." The brooding imagination of ISIIAKSPEARE, it will bo remembered, sees in man-" so infinito in faculty "and form and moving"-"thebeauty " of tho world." BYRON packs man into an epigram, as " Thou pendulum betwixt a smile and tenr." Even tho more domestic imagination of COWPER, who paints the honest man as " Close buttoned to the chin, Broadcloth without, anti u warm heurt with- in," yet leaves to the " average man " a modest nimbus of glory. But the prosaic and impertinent science of to- day resolves mau into a mero gallon or so of water, a lump of coal, a pinch of table salt, &c;, and oflbra lum as " Ex " hibit No. 6,247" in the Chicago Exhibition 1 This may bo scientific, but if wo aro forbidden to say it is im- pel tinent, yet surely we may protest that it is inadequate. It is as though somebody were to distribute tho typo used in printing *'Hamlet," assort tho letters in groups, tie them up in brown paper, and oller thom as an exhibit of tho "elements" of SHAKSPEAUE'S im- mortal play. But the moralists in their realm are almost as inconveniently curious as the chemists, and thoy attempt to explore, tabulate, and classify human nature on its moral sido with painfully mibdi rected diligence, The latest exmple of this courageous unwisdom is supplied again from America. A professor in a Californian university desires to find out how many American children toll lies, what is the exact tint and size of tho lies they tell, and what aro their motives for lying. Has the Father of his Country, with his famous little hatchet, succeeded in chopping down the many- rooted bnnyau tree of falsehood in the clnracters of nil the little boys mid girls in America? This enter- prising pi of essor has accordingly de- spatched u schedule to every parent in the state, and all fathers and mothers aro oxhorted to carefully tabulate and classify their children's fibs. Thero are propor columns, of course, for recording eveiy sort of interesting detail columns for white lies and for black lies, for the Ho with circumstance and the he direct, for the average number of lies told per diom ; for degree of imagination or of literary picture-quo UDss in which each lie is embedded, and for the particular motivo which stands behind it as a propelling force. The spectacle of all tho fathers and motheis in a stato engaged in laboriously tabulating their children's fibs for scientific use is surely very sur- prising. But it may bo Buspected that this particular professor will appeal in vain to Californian parents to supply him with data for determining the exact amount of truth buttoned up in tboir little boys' knickerbockers. What American mother indeed would ever admit-to a male outsider nt least that her little boy was anything else than another C_:oi_i_ WASHINUTON ? The schedules, if they aro over filled up, will probably contain moro lies to the square inch than evon an average state paper, or than NAPOLEON'S bulletins used to contain. Some fond patents, of course, regard their tender offspring's excursions into tho realm'of fiction as mero indicationsr of futuro eminence. Is thero not a wicked story, extant of a Binurt Vankeo lad, who being asked by his teacher, " Whore " do naughty little boys go that tell " lies ?" answered promptly, " Sir, they .¡.go to Washington to write to tho "papers I" ?Nobody is likely to attempt a census of lies amonght ourselves ; nor if such a remarkable feat in statistics woro attempted is thero any reason why it should bo confined to little boys and girls. SiiAicsrEAUE puts on FALSTAFF's lips the reflection, " LOUD, LOUD, how ' subject we old mon are to this vice of ' lying;" and there aro no grounds, of course, to suppose that tho habit of lying is confined betwixt any particular parallels of latitude in human life. But let anyone meditate on what would happen if this Californian professor's schedules were distributed through all ranks of society, and filled up with entire frankness by everybody I What a harvest of lies, for example, some well-known journals would yield ! What schedule, again, would bo broad enough to record the daily cxpsi ¡monia iii fiction °f a good many politicians ? Many a society lndy, it is to bo feared, would havo to fill long columns with fibs which, no doubt, ure purely conventional and very innocent-looking, but which are fibs nevertheless. Schedules again which recorded, with duo classification, all the fibs that infect the atmosphere of bank parlours, and eddy like simooms through, say, the Stock Exchange, would constitnto a very remarkable bit of literatura. " And, after all, what is a " Ho ? " asks BYRON J and ho answers his own quostion 'Tis but The- truth in masquerade. That is bad doctrine no doubt, but it is to bo feared it has many ardent be- lievers, and a yet larger multitude of unconscious followers. What results may be yiolded by this latest experiment in statistics cannot be guessed ; but if the method were applied to our own community we may hope, with some degree of modest confidence, that not very alarming reve- lations would follow. "Young Aus " tralia," indeed, does not iuclude GJSOINJH WASHINGTON in its catalog^ of national heroes, and no pleasing fiction, like that little incident of the cherry tree and the hatchet, finds a place among-t the historical literature of these communities. But lying is the vice of cowards ; it is the art and the refuge of fools. And tho youthful Aus- tralian is certainly not a fool ; nor, whatover may bo his faults, is there any taint of cowardice in his blood. Uno needs to be a philosopher, perhaps, to comprohend EMIÎRSON'S fine saying; that " truth is the summit of boing," and only a poet can appreciate MILTON'S majestic apologue about " the virgin "Truth." But plain common i sense can understand, with the 'Autocrat of the Jlreak/ast-talile, that " Truth is " tough ; it will not break like a " bubble at a touch ;" and with that wisest of Englishmen who, alas ! forgot his own teaching, may fool that " no " pleasures is comparable to that of " standing upon the vantage-ground of " truth." A very homely measure of common sense and . virtue . alike, in briof, is sufficient to enforce SHAK SPEARE'S twicb- ropeated exhortation to " Tell truth and -hame the devil !" Ono item in tho cable news of tho week challenges attention. Information lina huon communicated to the world of the largo and important tariff concessions muelo by Russia to Germany and vice vena. And the further news is cabled that Grout Britain obtains the advantage of the arrangements under " thu most favoured "nations" clause. That is to say, Great Britain, because she welcomes all nations to liur HhorcB, becauso she puts all on an equally friendly footing, is welcomed by all in return-so far, that is, as tho particular nation welcomes any country. This is _ grout position. It tells ni favour of England everywhere. She -is " tho most favoured nation " as regards France, as rogurds Russia, as regurds Spain, as regards Italy, and so on. Surely this is tho grund example for Australia to imitate. Reports have reached us that Mr. ROBERT REID has been speaking in Great Britain about the right of Victoria to make differen- tial treaties with other communities, but it may bo hoped that our travelling Ministor lias been misunderstood. 1^, would bo a serious step indoed for us tor take if in the perhaps vain hopo of some small advantage wo wore to incur the possible fiscal enmity of every power except the one with which wo negotiated. What Australia must always want is the British position of " tho most favourett " nation " of all the world. The cynics anil the casual observers have said that COBDEN was wrong in his enthusiasm when ho predicted that froo* trade would make for "peace and good "will" betweon Groat Britain and the globo ; but it is these critics who are mistaken. That the Cobden prediction is fulfilled in the spirit is one of the important historical facts of this genera- tion. _ Nothing vory much was suggested at tho mooting which was hold at Ballarat tim othor ovoniug to consider tho ques- tion of federation. Everyone is nivaro that there can bo no real union between tho colonies until thoy enjoy absoluto freedom of trade.' As long as a Customs oflicer is employed on the banks of thu Murray there must bo division botwoon Victoria and Kow South Wales. This fact is obvious. Wo have urged over and ovor again thnt pending the establish- ment of a Dominion of Australia there ought to bo a Customs union, so that the products of ono colony would find a free outlet in the markets of another. This is, indeed, the iii st consideration. As in Cunada, as in the United States of America, as in Germany, as in Italy, there can bo no real federation here until tlio border dutios are swept away, and until goods can bo carried from Melbourne to tho Gulf of Car- pentaria, and from Sydney to Perth, without hindrance and without toll, Tho suggestion that this question of federation should bo raised above ordi- nary political issuos is necessary to tho working of the scheme. It was a rulo for n Ion!; time in the Enedisli'Parlinment that all party distinctions and prejudices should lie forgotten as far us possible when any matter occurred that affected tho stability and welfare of the nation. At this present time somo of the loaders of the House of Commons aro striving with might and main to show that the defence of the empire ought to be romoved altogether from the ordinary intrigues of pin ty politics. Anti in the same way, if federation is to be a real subject of dis- cussion, tlio local element must bo subordinated in some degree to the ideal of a permanent federation 'of the colonies. Ko union will ovor bo pOssiblo if tho politicians of one Australian.pfo viuce are ready to Bnatch ah advantage at tho oxpensu of another, in order that thoy may obtain the votes of tho repre- sentatives of a fow constituencies. By its vory natufo the question of federation is boyond the local mattet s that are dis- cussed in our Parliaments. But, while the programme is not alto- gether new, thero is this fact tobo noticed, that tho mooting at. Bal- larat resolved to leave tho Customs tariff to tho discretion of tho Fodoriil Parliament. Such a resolution shows tho true spirit of federation. It moans that ono colony is not to abido by its own fiscal policy, but that it must bo content to accept the tariff' which may be adopted by representatives of all tho colonies. It is by adhering to this liberal and onlightunod principle that federation will lie brought about. It will bo by advocating it among tho people that the union of tho colonies will become possible, and thon probable, und in the long run necessary. Experience «hows that we havo little to hopo in tho meantime from political conventions. At these giithoriiiíís thero is much enthusi- astic talk of federation, a volume is filled with reports of speeches, and from all tho well-advertised labour there conies nothing. More ¡B to bo expected from tho formation of societies in country towns. And wo hope that tho debate on federation will bo taken up, not only in Ballarat and Bendigo, bub in every town throughout the country. The R.M.S.S. Cur.cn, of the Orient line, J. V. Andereon commander, arrived yesterday mornliiK from London, The Von. Arch- deacon White, of North Queensland, was among the passengers by the Cuzco. The P. and O, Company's ftoynl mail steamer Britannia, with the KIIEÜHII maila to Januury 12, arrived at Albany at live minutes to 3 yesterday afternoon, -ho should reach Adelaide on Monday, but it ia doubtful whether she will be in time for the mails to leave by the. afternoon express. Should she not do BO they will be delivered in Melbourne on I Wednesday. j The libel action of Speight v. Syme was ' revived, or, properly speaking, resumed in j the Third Civil Court before Mr. Justice j Hodges yeBterday morning, whi»n Mr. Cold» hum upplied that Judgment should beentered for the plaintiff for the £100 awarded him by the jury on the libel relating to stores, and also for the coats of the notion. There was a lorn; lefr.nl argument, in which Mr. Coldham for the plaintiff, mid Mr. Purvee, Q.C., and Mr. Deakin for the defendant, took part, asto whether ornotthepliiintitTwiiaentitli.I to coats of the action, seeing thathe bud only succeeded on one of the 11 isaueti submitted to the jury. Mr. Justice Hodges decided that this vvus not a Unding on one Issue in renard to one cause of action, but a finding on all the issues in regard to that one cause of aution, and a disposal, by the jury, ao far us they were concerned, of that one cauae of notion. The order of the Court vvus tliat judgment should be entered lor the plaintiff for t'100 damages with all the coats neces- sarily incurred by him to enable him to obtain the Judgment ; that the coats of a short adjournment obtained by the pi ai ntiir during the trial should be paul by the pluintiff; nnd that npon the tnxing oi the costs the defendant should give security for .heir payment, execution being stayed until the disposal of the remuining iaauea. or until some further order was nindi'. The question of the coats of the Kngllsh com mission was udjourned to some future time to he llxed, na these will depend entirely on the opinion of the judge tis to their usefulness or iyetWtvise. \J VAt the quarterly luncheon' given nt the' Town-hull by the Mayor of Melbourne yes- terday the principal gueat vvus Mr. DunuAii Gillies, the Agent-Oeneral. ii^il'ijadviintnge was taken of the opportunity to wiall him success in bia new ollie.. His health wita proposed hy the Mayor (Councillor Snowden), who said that the citizens of Melbourne were assured that in Mr. Gillios they lind an Agent-General of the colony an experienced statesman and politician, a capable man of business, and a gentlenuin well qualilied to maintain the honour mid dignity of the colony. Mr. Gillies, in reaponrtlng, aaid that in tnlcing the position of Agent-General he was aware that the task might not alwuja be easy, but, us his predecessors hod done, he meant to tell the people ut home the truth and 'nothing but the truth. When people .talked about the dilliculty of the colony piiylng the principal or interest ot money borrowed, no man of position in the old country would be inlluenced by it. There were many, however, who only wished for an opportunity to be satislied, and they would hear the truth nt all times from this colony. That was the policy he intended f> pursue, und he meant to work hand in bund with the other .Agenta-General, whether for the direct benefit of this colony or ot any other, because with unity ot action they would have an opportunity lor bringing about great results. The colonies should be willing to-morrow to stand or full together. Mr. Otilias' remarks were very well iceeived. Mr, M'Intyre, Minister of Landa, repljing subsequently to the toast of " Iter Majesty's Ministers," urged the hanks to release some of the 12 millions which they were said to bave locked up, and which might juut us well be at the bottom of the sea. There were a great many industries with which the banks were identilled, and it euch bank would net aside £10,000 to uccommodate those indus- tries they wuuld not feel the want of it, and the undertakings which they developed would he their security. *| íííWr. Webb spoke without full knowledge when he replied to a deputation on Thurs- day on the question of reducing duties that pressed heavily on tannera. He wus propos- ing to show that whether duties were levied or not high prices were maintained, und he referred to reapers and binders, which are exempt from duty, as follows:-"The com- pany with which he was conuected lind hud an offer made for the delivery in llourke street of reapers and bindera of the best make at the rate of £27 10s. each, while they were sold here at from ¿'öS to £(¡5, and yet there waa no duty on thom." It is quite true that £27 is about the price at which reupera and Undera are landed in Melbourne, and though, at lirst si.ht, this muy appear to give an immense prout to im- porters, au examination puts a very différent complexión on the matter. In the first place it has to be mentioned that reapers and binders are a special line, and that the cost or advertising and canvassing is altogether out of proportion to the invoice price. Owing to the extiluaion of general farm muchinery from the colony by high duties, it is not possible for travellers for reaper und binder manufacturers to do business in other articles. Were this not so, a canvasser would be able to place several lines at the expense he has to incur in reHpect ol' one, Long distances have to hu covered in leach- ing farmers, and thus the expense is made very much heavier thun would be the case in connection with a trade within a com- paratively small urea. Another important point is that reapers and binders ure sold on the understanding that the agents will keep tliem in on efficient state. This "nursing" of the machines, though nominally carried on at the cost of the agents, is really paid for by the purchaser. In other words, for £(>5 he obtains a reaper and Under, plut regular attention to keep it in repair. Had Mr. Webb known this he would, we are sure, not have employed so deceptive an illustration as ha used in replying to the deputation. The propriety of abstaining from criticism of the findings ol the Court of Marine Inquiry was re-affirm«! vestorday, when the decision of that tribunal upon the foundering of the Alert wus read betöre the Marine Hoard. Mr. C. Taylor desired to discuss the evidence, and when ruled out of order by Hie president moveil that the decision be re- ferred back to the Court, in order that it might give the board an idea of what i meant by its finding. His persistent attempts to speak on the evidence, lirst with regard to Captain Mathieson and then with regard to the Lady Loch, were met, however, by the decisive refusal of the president to allow Buch a tlisuuHsion.'.Vand even- tually Mr. Taylor ' abandoned the attempt When the judgment had bee'n''form'ally re- ceived, the president proceeded to lemark that, while he had not the slightest desire to interfere with free discussion on uny subject, he could not allow the finding of the Court to be interfered with by any man. lie con- sidered it a most improper thing to multe any reference to the finding of the Court, which, having the evidence taken before it, was in a much better position to come to a conclusion than anyone outside. A remark by Mr. Taylor that the finding had no effect until the board, gave effect to it drew the reply from Captain Currie that the board had no veto, and was not a court of ap- peal. 'A letter was received from the Com- missioner of Customs, expressing satisfaction at the decision of the Court that the state- ments in the press, mude apparently with a view of imputing blame to the pilots, were entirely without foundation in fact. It was resolved that a copy of the letter should be sent to the pilots. Several questions relating to the preserving oMife at sea came before the Marine Board at ¡IB meeting jesterday. The lirst was an application frorn the owners of the s.S. Julia Percy, ' which ¡B licensed to carry C5 pas- sengers, for permission to. carry on one voyage Ü00 passengers, only providjng addi- tional life-belts. It was decided that the re- quest could not be granted under the re- gulations. The next wus a report lrom the Marine Hoard, Adelaide, to the effect that it had been discovered that on board the a.s. narmbool and the s.s. Konoowarra part of the life-saving equipment had been removed during the emrency of the annual certificates. It vvasresolved that a letter should besetitto the owners drawing their attention to the mutter und asking for an explanation. Another question arose in connection with the finding ot the Court of Marine Inquiry as to the foundering of the s.s. Alert. Cap- tain Currie pointed out that the utility of the life-belts in keeping persons »float had been shown ',by the circumstances of the wrcok, and'thcrefore it was necessary in such cases that measures Bhould be promptly taken to have persons floating about picked up. It was reported that the Load Line Act, whioh confers on the bourd similar powera to those posaesacd by the Hoard of Trade in fixing load lines having received the Royal assent, woultl come into force on March 2, and the framing of regulations for its administration was referred to the regulations committee. Several patent lights are being tried by the Railway department in carriuges on the Biiburhun lines with the view of ascertain ing if a better light thun the one now in use can be obtained without greatly adding to the cost. Among theae are Funl'a new lamp, Frost's American giiaoline light, Dempster's gasoline light, und an improved oil light and rellector de- signed by the department It ¡a atuted that these lights are a great improvement on the ones now in use, but in order to secure this increase in the' brilliancy it will be necessary to incur a large initial expense. The ollicers who are making the trials will submit their report on the various, lights in the course of a week or two. Some month. ago Mr. A. S. Holmes, telegraph superinten- dent of the department, had a rellector made which he brought under the notice of the commissioners, who ordered 100 of [hem tobe tried on the suburban lines and on the Sydney expresa train. Mr. Holmes has now informed the commissioners that they have resulted in a great success, anyone being able to reail with perfect ease in the corners of the com- partments, which bud hitherto been in com- parative dnrknesB. About 550 passengers have been booked by the special excursion trains which leave Spencer-street station at 9.20 and 9.30 this /norning tor .Ballarat, Another special train will depart at 2.5 this iiiterrioon, und intend 'ftig passengers can book up to the time of ita departure. The faro is 5s. for. urtults, and 2s. Dil. for children under 12. ' The tickets, which also frank the excursionists ucross Lalee Wendouree in the steamers, will be available for return by a special train leaving Ballarat at 0.40 p.m. to-day or by the ordinary trains on Monday. There will be u cheap excursion from Melbourne und ull stations to North Fitzroy inclusive to Von Yean and Whittleseu this afternoon. The train will depart from Spencer-street at 1.15, and North Fitzroy nt 1.33, returning from Whittlesea at 7.35 this evening and Yan Yean a few minuteB later. The fare will be 2a. for adults and la. for children under 15. This afternoon there will also be a cheap trip from Geelong to Queens- cliff. The train will leave the former station ut 1.15 mid return at 7.30. The charge for tickets will be 2s. far adults and Is. for children. Imitation, it is snid, ia the sincerest form of tluttery, but when it conlea to imitating manufactured articles it ia a compliment which the original maker of the goods does not appreciate in these days of keen husincbs competition. Mi"nrs. Smith and Wesson, ot the United States, are among the notable makers of revolvers, and the attention of the CusUuna depart- ment has been drawn to the fact that a num- ber or revolverá purporting to be made by that lirm, but which were really manufac- tured in Uerinuny, are being impotted and sold ut low rutea as genuine Smith and Wesson revolvers. The artioles nie of a uimilur pattern to those made by the American tiim, but do not contain BUCII good metal, nor is the (miali equal u> thut of the genuine article. The Cuatoms department have informed the im- porter of the German revolvers that if any lurther consignments ure landed here they will be confiscated. The annual regatta of the Victorian Kow- ong Association will be held on the Upper ^jpirra this afternoon, the course being about 'a mile, trom the liotniiieal-gurdenatol'rince's bndge. Hy permission of the Mayor of Melbourne u space will be enclosed on the north side of the river, opposite the boat houses, for a ladies' reserve. There will be rucea in eight, four, pair, and sculling boats at short intervals, und judging by the racing at the Uichuioud regatta laat Saturday the event« should be well contested, und some good linislies may be expected. Mr. 1 \ W. Millnne, promoter of the Vic- torian Property Distribution Syndicate, de sires us to Btate that he intends contesting the point raised hy the Crown luvv oflicera na to the illegality of his scheme. In the mean- time he doe» not propose to take any active steps in the direction ot further advertising the prospectus. The tender of G. Whyte at ill!) 5a. Od. was accepted )'ester lay by the ltailway depart- ment tor the removal ot gatehouses on the M.iiisliuld line and re-erection at Tallarook. There will be au encampment of the militia nt Langwarrin and naval manouvres in the hay as usual this Kaater, though, us the Government cannot tilford to ullot more than ¿1,600 to cover the expenses, they will not assume the same large proportions us hitherto. Mi.or-Ueneral Tulloch is now engaged preparing a pinn of c ngagenieiit» which can be carried out at the coat men- tioned. Jn pnat years an ordinary "aster encampment with the naval manouvres coat the state about _S,U00, so that £1,500 is comparatively a very small allowance. The (¡ein artillery, inluntry, mounted rillea, und held company of engineers will go to Lang- warrin, and the rangera, garrison artillery, and submarine miners to the Heads. The men will probably go into camp on Good Friday, and remuin there till the following Monday orTueailay. A proposal to torm an association of Con- tinental sugar refiners to start a beet sugar factory in Victoria has been under considera ion for some time past, but the result will be seen from the following statement which has been received from Europe :-" We have interviewed a good many people, but so far we cannot get anybody to interest them- selves in the venture, the principal reasons being (1) the proximity of the cune-lields of Queensland, (2) the un- certainty of the suitability of Victorian soil to the culture of beet, ond (3) the high rate of wages in Victoria caused hy ¡ta tarif, more than counteracting the protection offered. Wherever cane sugar conies in competition with beetroot sugar the latter has to give in. The reasons for this are simple enough-firstly, cane Bugnr is preferred by everybody, und secondly, the bye-products of the cane are really, al- though BO small, worth a great deal more than ttiose from the beet, that is in such a colony as Victoria. We will not talk of the suit- ability of the Victorian soil for raisirtg beet ; it may or may not be suitable. Hut our friends will not run the risk of experiments being made at their expense. We may mention that the high rate of wages in the colonies ¡a n great bar to the success of beet culture. The raising of the beet and the cleaning ot eame require a lot of manual labour, and our friends maintain that the high rate of wages will kill the businea8 with- out doubt, notwithstanding the protection, on account ol ita very utihealthineaa." .Towards the end of the last session of Parliament an act entitled the South Mel- bourne and Condah Lesaeea Act 1893 waa passed, to enable the Hoard ot Lund and Works to reduce the rents of the lessees of certain landa in South Melbourne and of the lesaeeB of the Condah Swamp, the rents having been fixed when land values wire at a iletitioua height. The Minister of Lands has been engaged for aome time recently inquiring into the posi- tion of the lessees of the Condilli Swamp, and has decided to recommend the board to reduce the rents paid by 17 (out of about 120) holders, whose leases date from the 15th July, 1891. In mosteases only one quarter's payment has been made. The reductions in the annual rental recommended by the Minister are cotiaiderable, amounting on the uvenige to from 25 to 50 per cent. The act iiuthoriaes reductions to one- half, and for u term uot exceeding five years. Lieutenant Wilkinson, of the Submurine Mining Companj of Engineers of this colony, has pnased the engineering couree nt Cbnthum with honours, and is now returning to the colony ufter twelve months' absence, ne will rank next to Captain Parnell, the officer commanding the submarine miners. An examination of candidates for certi- ficates of "competency "or "qualification" as municipal survejors will be held on the 27th and 28th ¡nat and the 1st prox. Candi- dates must give notice not Inter than Tues- day to the secretary of the examiner*' I board, Publio Works department, of their intention to appear at the examination. | One of the events of the present year will be the Tusmnnian International Exhibition, which i» to be opened in the Queen's Domain, Hobart, on the 15th November next. The exhibition will be under the immediate pat- ronage of the Government of Tasmania, although it- will be conducted by an oaaoeia tion with a capital of £20,000, This organisa- tion numbers nearly a thousand subscribers, principally residents of Hobart and vicinity, ao that it may be properly called a people's exhibition. The Hobart staff have been at work for 12 months, and have forwarded printed schedules and documents all over the world. Agents have been appointed in every important centre, and exhibits are forth- coming sufficient to guarantee a thoroughly international representation, The site of the exhibition is one of the most Buitublc that could have been selected, immediately at the rear of the battery in the Domain, overlook- ing the city, and embracing the magnificent Bcenery ot the River Derwent. The exhibi- tion-buildings will enclose 13 acres, and the main or central building is already erected. It contains a concert-hall capable of seating 3,000 persons, in which a grand organ has been constructed by Messrs. Kinuham and Hobday, of Melbourne, at a cost ot £1,000. Planking the concert-hall there are two spacious art galleries. There is a main I* II, vestibule, and porch, and above all, at a height of GOft., an octagonal café capable of dining 300 persons. Outside this there are smoking balconies commanding views in every direction. The architect is Mr. Thoa. Seurell, late of Melbourne. At Bairnsdale yeaterday the Minister of Railways wus interviewed by several fisher- men, who pointed out that' since the Hoods hud swept away the bucking of the wharf the railway^Riding had been cutoff, so that they hiulnto cart fish some distance to the station instead of putting them direct into the trucks! 'One fishermen, Mr. J. C. Dahlaen, stated that lie' paid £200 for the carriage of fish during the lost three months, and was now fitting up refrigerating chambers in one of his steamers to bring (lah from Mallicoota Inlet. It wi'iB of importance, therefore, that there should be no break between the boats and the railway trucks. Mr. Richardson also paid a visit to the School of Mines, where it was urged the Government should establish a Bmnll modern crushing plant to treat from one to five tons of the different ores in which East Gippsland abounds. The cost would be about £750, and it was thought the plant would ,be self supporting, as some SOO tons of ore had already been promised in pincela of from two to five tons. The MiniBter agreed thut without such a plant the school was useless, and said that he would do his best to persuade the Munster of Minea to accede to the requeBt. On lils way home from East Gippsland last night, Mr. Richardson was waited "upon at Warragul by a deputation which, asked that the morning train from Warragul to Mel- bourne should start at 7.15 instead of 8.5, so as to catch the 10.25 train from Dandenong, as the large quantity of milk sent from Warragul did not'now reach town in time for the afternoon delivery. The Minister said that if no inconvenience would be caused by the change it would be made. The deputa- tion also asked for a reduction of freights on quantities under a ton, but the Minister said the increased rate on small bulk was based on sound business principles, and he would promise no alteration in that respect. Mr. Riohnrdson promised, however, to con- sider a request that in order to facilitate local business a late train should run from Warrhgul to Neerim on Saturday nights. To-morrow morning the Bishop of Mel- bourne will preach at Christ Church, South Yurru, inaugurating a course of Lenten sermons on " The Spiritual Life." A public meeting will be held in the Brigh- ton Town-hall on Wednesday evening next to IHHCUSS the currency question. As the subject is one in which a considerable amount of interest ia being taken in the dis- trict ut the present time there ia likely to be a large attendance. Mesara. J. L. Menzies. E. Jowett, V. A. Keating, Russell, and E. Langton will speak. Seveial members of the Ministry have been invited to be present. The mayor of Brighton (Dr. Mncanah) will occupy the chair. «* A grand naval and military display and ahum fight ia to be given by the Victoria naval and miliatary forces, in the quudrungle of the Exhibition- building, on Saturday next, in aid of the United Service Home for old soldiers and sailora, the Gippsland Floods llelief Fund, and the Alert Wreck Relief Fund. The exhibition is to be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and the leading members of the community. Frequent rehearsals are being held, and there ¡B every expectation that the forces will be able to present to the publio one of the beat and most interesting military entertain- ments seen in Melbourne. A meeting of the A.N.A. Metropolitan Federation Conference is to be held in the Town-hull, Hawthorn, on Monday next, at 8 o'clock. Dr. Quick's bill will be disouBsed, and Sir Henry Wrixon, Sir F. Sargood, Mr. Deakin, Dr. Quick, Mr. Peacock, and other politicians bave been invited to speak at the meeting. , We have received from " Smypathy " -t. Od. towards the funds of the- Austin Hospital. Mesar J. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co. will sell nt their gallery on Tup-day next a fine collection of painting,., the property ot ills» O. UodBon, »ho is leal ing 'or England. It is announced in another column that tho memo- rial stone of the Otltlrch of England Chinese Church and Training Home, Little Hourke-strcct, will ho laid on Tuesday next by the Bishop of Melbourne at 3 o'clock p.m. The publio meeting respecting the proposal to establish baths at Collingwood, which was to hare been held on Friday ncsi, has been post- poned. A committee hi-, however, been formed to consider the details of A scheme to be submitted to » public moctlng as early as possible. ' A new special No. 5 Remington typewriter hos reoentlv been put on the market, and Is on view at tho show-room of Messrs. Stott and Hoare, 42(1 Col- lins- street. Tho New South Wales Railway depart- ment have in use over (JO Remingtons for a variety of purposes, and the Victorian Government recently ordered 25 for writing the telegraph messages. It has also licen adopted by the American Newspaper Publishers' Association, and new keyboards have been constructed for the uso of medical men and mathematicians. Tho Australian Health Society announces that Dr. Herman Lawrence (assisted by Dr. Roeckel) «ill commence a course of health lectures to ladies In the hall of the Cairns Memorial Church, East Melbourne, on tho afternoon of Wednesday, the '¿1st litBt. At the close of the lectures an examination will be held, which all members of the class are invited to attend, anil those who succeed in passing will bo presented with the certificate of the society. The quarterly group meetings In connection with the Presbyterian Fellowship Union aro advertised to lio held to-morrow morning. In most centres the hour of meeting will he halt-past 0. Air. E. Tennyson Smith is advertised to conduct a week's direct veto campaign at. Footscray, commenc- ing this afternoon with a children's meeting. On Sunday evening he will deliver Talmage's discourse, " Who slea all these," and each succeeding evening Gough'» orations and prohibition lectures will be delivered. lluddart, Parker, and Co. Limited being Informed that the popular Police Baud would play at Geelong UMuorrou, taklnir up a collection on behalf of the local charities, have granted fice travelling facilities, huton the understanding that no collection lilli be inailc on board the steamer. The hand will proceed to Geelong by the Courier, and w 111 play on the up and down trip«. O» Ing to the temporary withdrawal of the p.s. Ozone, the Hygeia »111 take up the running this afternoon to Queenscliff, Portsea, Sorrento, Dromana, and Schnapper Point. To-morrow the Hygela changes her station, and will make the popular 2s. afternoon excursion to Schnapper Point, A tattoo and military tournament, in nid of the Old Soldiers' Home, the sufferers by the Alert wreck and Gippsland Hoods, is to be held at the Melbourne Exhibition-building on Saturday next, and the ne- cessity urmlug for the members of the Victorian Per- manent Artillery band, stationed at Queenscliff, to attend the rehearsals, Hutlilart, Parker, and Co., In conjunction vi ith the Hay Excursion Company, have arranged that the members shall be granted free passages iilicncicr necessary. In acknowledgment of this, the band will play Beleations on board tho sU-iiiers. A moonlight trip under the auspices of the Willlanistnu n Cricket Club is advertised for Wed- nesday evening next. The Orone will leaic the Port Melbourne pier at half-past 7 and Williamstown at 8 p.m. To-morrow (Sunday) tho Ozone leaves the Port Melbourne Railway Pier at 11.1» a.ni. for Queenscliff, Sorrento, and Dromana, also calling at Portsea on the return journey. We havo received from Cassell and Componv Limited of London, Pari«, and -elliotirnc, a selection of popular literature, ineluding a volume of CiintelF» Saturday Journal, Chum*-an Itlttrirated I'ajvr fin-Bulls, The Quiver fur Jins. Utile Follet, A Maya zine JOY the young, and similar works. 