HOW TO SERVE THE MEDIUMS. Ton over humorous but sensible Flaneur in tbhe Freeman has the following respecting spiritualistic mediums and cattle of that de nsoription:-According to the papers weo have men and women in Sydnoy who can " call spirits from the vasty doeep " at any hour, and those spirits respond with a promptitudo which suggests that the catering is not good in Spookland, and like the "mon fra' Ahb?r deen," they would have no objection to wrap ping their " desire bodies" round a plate of scones and a tot o' Olonlovot. One profes sional goentleman deolnroes he has "photo. graphed a half.formed entity in prooosn of materialization "and it appeared as "a vapor ona, though shapely maso." Later on this vaporous body materialized itself, and on pinobing the form the gentleman found it to be "as real warm fleshb and blood as the medium herself." Perhaps it was the medium herself. Harvey Mott, one of the foremost of American mediums, made a great sensation when he firsat started this materialization game; but in an unlucky hour for him Con juror Steen took some analino dyo along and attended n hair-raising seance. When the materialized form drew near enough Stoon throw the dyo in its face and then turned up the gas, and thouen the disgusted eittors saw the sham spook, represented by Mr. Medium Mott, wiping the dye off its jaw, and wonder ing what in thunder had bit him. Bydney searchers after truth might try this dodge; and another sensible nact would be to keep a camera aimed upon a vaporous visitor during the whole time that it is developing from a nobulous form until it assumes a warm fleh and blood texture nandfIels good enough to pinch. Any respectable conjuror, armed with phosphorous, luminous paint, and the like, can go into any room in Sydney naked, and produce enough ghosts to stock a grave-. yard or turn the issue of a polling contest." The Flaneur's ideas may be improved on, good as they are. First, instead of the camera being aimed the whole time, a series of kinotograph snaps might be taken, which would have the effect of showing the actual progress of the "incarnation " secondly, in stead of " pinching," a trial should be made of "punching" with Peter Jackson noas the puncher. 