JSTRALIAN BTQRY: icoi-TIACUT.J WHO IS HE ? OR Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OY THE Naiural Supernatural, CHATTER XXII. — (Cosri.vm.). 2lEXS£T11 KAMILTOK M.D., F.li.C.S. " No, Miss MarsJou ; the concerns »f tlie city do not seem to belong- to me in any way —and yet I remember now I did Lc:;r Sir Samuel Moses ask our friend, Lumsden, if the city was not likely to have an earthquake soon, but Lumsden Laughed long and loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. But some one calls. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind little friend—you liavo i;iven me new energy and thoughts to-night." " I did not hear anyone call." * <: No! there it is again—'tis that man, tiie master of my life. I must go—I must go!" Apparently quite oblivious of Elith or ball-room or anything, with a sudden, halfstupid look, Barton turned and went swiftly, with the air of a somnambulist, out at the open door and over the smooth lawn into the quivering moonlit night. " George! Gborge, my darling! What is it ? You—so strong, so able a man ! "What is this mystery? Alas ! that you ever should have rescued me from a sleep that at least could not have hud this yearning pain in it— and. yet I cannot wish I had never known you; but one thing remains—I must bear, sis others have done, and wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desire for the supreme good of the loved one will surely draw down blessings and be a guard from that evil influence whatever it ma3' be." Wait and bear patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsden—at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with others who sulfur will deepen and strengthen; so you shall be of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, bearing others burdens because of the strength that has come of 6urrow and silent bearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so live while the old earth turns round. h CHAPTER XXIII. THE SAFE ROBBERY* TTaJi™ Hald, or whatever was his name, and Barton, or whatever was his name, had left their old domicile in Little Bourke street. Barton never knew whether his involuntary introduction to the Wallaces pleased or displeased his companion and master. The Indian was inscrutable—at any rate he made the best of the inevitable and never grumbled against fortune no matter what pranks she played him. The relationship between the two men was unchanged. The Saxon submitted to the awful will-force of the adept. It seemed as if the eastern magician played •with him as the cat plays with the mouss, giving hiia mental latitude for a time only to withdraw the license again as if from mere whim. He played on the man as the skilled musician plays on the stringed instrument, or rattier as the expert horseman controls the instiled steed, at one time allowing him to pace and ease and at another pressing home the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that he could not distinguish his one self from his othsr self. His two existences were almost as distinct as if there were two bodies and two souls. But TTnlim had not quite deserted Little Bourke street. That thoroughfare possesses a population stti generis. In its dens may be found the besotted Chinese, the savage .Afghan, the stealthy Malay, mingling with -jthe equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps the detective seeking his prey in these squalid purliens, or the sturdy policeman walking carefully up the narro w roadway knew something of the Indian's dark and mysterious house, but they had always enough business on hand to prevent them making incursions into regions which might not turn out profitable, and the house was left severely alone. The only one seen in connection with the place was a fierce Bengalee, who looked as if " Thuggism'' was his creed and its practice his forte. In th^'same room there in Little Bourke street in which we saw domiciled our mysterious acquaintances, we can see the same two men seated again as they then were. " Barton's'" eyes had the same far-away look in them as we noticed then, and he had evidently returned from one of those mysterious joufcneys in spirit land, on which he travelled obedient to the will of his companion. "The time has come,"' said the Indian, " when we must make our first attempt. I am sure you will be ready.'' . Yes," said Barton; "I am ready, but I do not understand your aims. There is something in me that rebels against it all, and yet I cannot force myself free. You overpower me. I feel oppressed here and there," striking his head apd heart. "I know you are hurrying me into Game infernal wickedness or another. I know you have had ise in the past by some infernal wickedness, and yet I can do nothing. Curse you!" he continued, " I don't know what keeps my bands from your throat, you villain, to throttle you, to squeeze your life out of your miserable carcass bit by bit." He had suddenly reached the stage of furious rage, and he rose up and strode over to the Indian, who remained calm and careless. j . "See," Barton went on, " that arm—look at that chest. Why, man, I could crush the little insignificant life out of you before onehowl of fear could pierce these walls." j- "Hush," said the Indian, caliniy and authoritatively, and the man uttered not another word. "Listen. To-nighfc our first attempt has to be made, and there must be no failure. The object is to checkmate wickedness, as you puritanical English call it, and two old friends of yours, Perrin and Simpson, will thank you well heraafter. Why I should interest myself about them I cau hardly understand, and I don't think it comes from weakness—and the speaker smiled— Now, what I want done I can explain in a yery short time. You know where the horse -and fart are?" "Yea." "Very welL you must have the cart and horse ou the crossing of the St. Kilda and Domain Roads at half-past oleven to-night. You must not wait for me butcontinue walking up the road. I shall be there and follow yoc, and after you reach Flinders street I'll get on the cart and take the reins. Do not ):Gtie>"; anything, but simply do as I tell you —you understand." '•Yes! I understand?" "It is now nine o'clock and you must Gtaxt at once. You in'ost put on the dress I provided for you. Remember in all this you have nothing to fear no matter what may happen, I assure you of that, and I also assure you that whatever will be done to-night will injure those who deserve injury, and may do good to those who deserve it. That is an ethical problem for you when it is stated by me. Now go, and remember what I have said." About half- post eleven a wnggon was drivou at the iioual easy pace up the St. Kilda Road. The driver looked as listless as tlio gentleman of liis profession as a general rule do. The big lior.se jogged along at liis case, taking everything as it came with the indifference of custom. Soon were seen the long array of lights which illuminate l'risieo's Bridge, stretching out into the comparative darkness of the city beyond. Ilere and there the tall, shadowy buildings and an occasional lofty tower received the ghost-like reflection of a street lamp and stood out like frescowork from the background of a leaden sky. The policeman on his solitary beat along the bridge watched with lazy indifference the huge horse ami cart as they rolled past and waked the echoes of the siicut street with hollow rumbling. He was even inclined to relieve the monotony of his vigil by saluting the driver. What a condescension of tho spec, and span constable to unofficial mortality—but he seemed half asleep on his perch and the constable thought 110 more about it. Opposite the fish-market a new arrival sprang to the perch beside the driver not stopping the lumbering waggon which thundered up Fiinders street without attracting a glance from a passer-by or even the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached tho more retired streets, where in the stirring hours of day the merchant princes of the "Queen City of the South" arc won't to congregate. The great black houses were now unoccupied and in darkness, save where in the basements here and there or in the attics a little light gleamed from the uncurtained window where the watchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbered away and finally turned .into the narrow street at the rear of William street and up one of the right-of-ways leading to the back premises of the building in which were situated the offices of Sir William Wallace. The cart was backed with tho greatest coolness as close as possible to tho wall and the two men descended. At a touch the gate was opened, and one of the men, who seemed to have the power of seeing in tho dark, entered the back yard without hesitation. "You remain here," he said in an ordinary tone to his companion. " I shall call for you when I want yiu." He walked up to a window barred with heavy iron, and, seizing one of the bars, he touched it with some chemicals which lie took from his pocket. At once a lambent flame licked tho metal and stole rapidly from bottom to top of the ro;l, throwing as it spread a flickering light on a magnificent diamond he wore on his finger which reflected it again in a thousand coruscations of every tint. The iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused nor mouldered—it simply resolved itself. The man with the utmost dexterity cut a circular piece from the large windowpane, and the next moment he had swung himself into the inner temple of Mammon, the office of Sir William. "Might have avoided this trouble but for the chains," he muttered. " Now, I must see about the watchman." He scarcely touched the bolted door when it seemed to spring open of its own accord. The whole building was in the dense gloom and darkness of night, but this did not trouble the mysterious visitor. He made his way to the foot of the stairs and calmly walked up, slop by step, until he reached the attic, where beneath one of the doors a light &honc; showing that room at least had a tenant. The door was suddenly flung open and a young man appeared on the threshold with a revolver in one hand and a heavy lifepreserver in the other. " Who are you?" he cried, as the stranger approached him with calm unconcern. "Put up your weapon, friend." The "friend" had presented the revolver straight at his head. " Why should I ?'* " Because I tell you to do so, and I am accustomed to be obeyed," said the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesitation the deadly weapon was lowered, and the watchman's eyes drooped under the magnetic gaze of the stranger. Back to your couch," he said to the man, and obedient as a dog ho obeyed. Into the little room he went and threw himself heavily on the mattras in a corner. "Must give the thing an appearance," said the visitor to himself with a smile, as lie proceeded to bind the man as he lay with a rope he took from his pocket. The business was quickly done, and then he turned to the victim or subject, which you will, and told him not to awake for three hours and " forget." Whether the magnetic sleep is cataleptic or not the man obeyed the orders, and when the mysterious stranger left the room he left behind him a body, to all intents, lifeless and senseless. Very deliberately the Indian, for it was he as will be very easily understood, walked down the stairs and returned to the office. He at once approached the safe, and, taking the same bottle from his pocket, applied the contents all around the lock, first taking the precaution to keep the action of the liquid under control. Again the metal yielded and disappeared. The massive door swung open and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. The Indian walked to the window and summoned his companion who leisurely approached." " Take the boxes I shall give you to the cart and place them inside," said the master. Box after box was conveyed to the window and thence to the cart without the slightest interruption, until the whole contents of the safe were removed. Then and only then the Indian was contented, and he quickly left the place, drawing down tho broken window as he stood on the window-sill. Barton and he mounted the perch, and the big horse jogged away at his usual pace though his load was much greater than it was before. Again the rumbling cart broke tho echoes of the deserted street, and again some policeman heard the sound with indifference and hardly cast a thought on the late contingent of the army of the night. Next day the columns of the evening papers were filled with accounts of the most mysterious and audacious safe robbery, and for a week or perhaps full nine days the whole journaldom of the colonies was in a ferment, and the detectives and police forces received the scarifying they always deserve and, poor wretches, get without mercy. But the cart had jogged along the Brighton Road until it was near Els tern wick where it halted, and from behind a terrace of halfbuilt houses Barton led a horse and a light trap. The contents of the cart were quickly transferred, and the two men took their seat 0.1 the vehicle and then drove rapidly away in the direction of St. Kilda beach. Two days after John Smith at the St. Kilda Court was fined for allowing this cart and horse to wander. He pleaded guilty to tho insinuation of "a wee drop too much," and paid his fine like a man. CHAPTER XXIV. TIIU COJIHUECIAi CRASH. There was rare confusion in Wallace's Toorak mansion. Long befure the master of the establishment was a-jcus o:n \1 to leave his bedroom a hansom cab had driven up furiously to the door, and a man had rang the bell with surl startling energy that the calm, decorous :i id obsequious footmen had been so agitated that their powdered locks stood up on cud, and the man who had at last regained suilicient courage to open the door looked as if a rocent earthquake had shaken him out of bis senses. Without waiting for explanation the messenger pushed into the magnificent hall tlnd asked for Sir William. " I must see him at once even in his bodroom," said he, " and show me the bedroom quickly." There was no denying him, and he was led up the staircase by the footman who endeavored to impress on the gent leman that he would not be responsible for disobeying "borders" in such au outrageous manner. Sir William opened the door of his dressing- *oom and received tho messenger with every appearance of surprise. Tho messenger was the obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir William saw him he hurried him into the room, leaving the flunkey bewildered and as wise as ever at the door. Five minutes after the bell of the dressing-room was also ringing furiouslv, and tho footman, who answered— he had not been far from the door—saw his master fully dressed and in a state of extreme agitation. " If tho hansom has not gone detain it for five minutes. If it has gone order Jones to bring out the carriage as quickly as he can get the horses in." The footman for once in his life made his well-padded limbs do duty in earnest. He rushed down the stairs and flew to the door. The hansom had not gone, and the driver was rubbing down his smoking horse. Two minutes after Wallace came down the stairs with headlong haste, and, without a word to the wondering servants, he sprang into the hansom followed by his secretary. "For your life, quick!" he called out to the cabby. "I'll find you a new horse if that one goes under." The cabman knew his customer, and leaped to his box in an instant, and in another instant the vehicle was sweeping down the avenue and out of the gates into the road. The horse and driver bravely earned the munificent fare which the latter received from the secretary when the passengers were landed at the William-street office. There were a few loungers about the doors, and the premises were in the charge of the police. The constables saluted. The great financier was a man to be honored. Wallace came into the office and ran at once to the safe. It was as had been reported to him. Not an atom of paper; not a coin of the realm was there. What could be done? Two detectives were making a careful examination of the premises. They saw the void round the place where once tho chubb used to be. They saw the great circle cut out of the window-pane. Everyone saw that as well as the officers. But where was tho iron bar gone to ? Where were the shattered pieces of the safe ? They couldn't see these any more than the less expert onlookers. Wallace 6aid never a word, but in his brain there was always a dull ocho as if a fiend was whispering, "Done for, done for!" in every key and on every tune that he had ever heard. The full extent of the disaster only himself could know. Even the money was only the least of his losses. There has been evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy the highest reputations in Victoria, his among the rest. "What was to be done? Was there any way out of such ruin ? Send for Lumsden, and at once." Lumsden came and Wallace made no exaggerated display. He simply pointed to the safe. " All gone," he said. "You're mad to say so !" cried the other. "Neither mad, nor dreaming," said Sir William. " What, all that money gone ?" " Yes, every stiver." The two. men looked at each other with despair in their eyes. "Then, this is no place for me," said Lumsden, getting up and coming round to Wallace's chair and whispering to him : " I shall pick up the few thousands I told you of and slope and share with you. It is not much, but it will carry us over to the Pacific Slope." WaDa.ce smiled. " Well," he replied, " there is honor among thieves after all. But no ! my boy. Get away yourself. I am done for, and shall meet it all. What you do, however, you will have to do quickly or you will not have the chance of doing anything." Lumsden took his ally's hand and pressed it warmly. Good-bye, old man, good-bye and better luck. I daren't meet the she devils of the south or I'd see it out with you. But hang it, man, they would tear me iu pieces if they knew all." At this moment a telegram was put in his hand. Ho opened it. It was a telegram from Halim Haki, Launceston, and ran as follows: " I shall want to withdraw the valuables you have of mine on Monday next. I am sure the shortness of the notice will not trouble you." Wallace laughed aloud at the reading of the telegram. "Well, Halim Haki," said he, soliloquising, "Idoubt you will have to take out a hawker's license. Your gold and your diamonds have gone where I doubt you will not follow them." . But let me to business. He took up hi* pen and wrote continuously for upwards of an hour. He gave strict orders that no one was to be admitted; that he was in to no one until noon. He could hear the inquiries made in the outer room about himself—about the safe robbery, and conjectures about the amount of gold that had been stolen, but he wrote on. At last he finished and he quietly rolled up the manuscript and sealed, then as quietly he took a small revolver from his deskdrawer, and, after trying with it for a minute or so, pulled the trigger and William Wallace was no irore. The quiet way in which it was all done was the only very remarkable fact about it all. Suicide may be regarded as cowardly, but there are some positions in which, when men like Wallace arc placed, they can see no other alternative. The Roman philosopher would not blame them. CHAPTER XXV. BASK SUSPENSIONS. Collins street was in an uproar. Men and women and children rushed about like the ants of a nest on which some heavy animal has trodden and brought ruin. There was madness in the air—the madness of despair,of disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, and where did the ruin end? Was there any institution safe ? Was the country itself safe? It was not to be wondered at that the people of Victoria were well nigh frenzied. The struggle for existence is a hard one at the best, and men of even temperate hopes look forward to surcease of the labor and toil of battle, and risked their present possession for a future gain. Melbourne had been in the clouds. What need would there bo itK working when the whole outside world was about to throw into Victoria its accumulated wealth ? What more to do than to spend a little money now and draw it in again increased a hundred-fold? It was the easiest way of making a provision for the future rainy day that had ever been planned, and a good many plans ha\ e been formed in this old world of ours to liiul a short-cut. to wealth. W. H. 14 . (TO BE CO.VTENUED.) 