CHAPTER XL MB. VBNTNOB’s PABTT AT TERM A BAKBB AT XEWPORT. “ I trust ysi do not find yourself lonely, Misi—K ng, or homesick to feel the solid earth under yonr feet,'* Mr Tent nor remarked, in a bantering tone, aa he drew a ateo nearer hia fair guest. “ No, indeed, Mr Ventnor,” Gneia brightly returned, bat wondering again e rer hie Blight panic before her name) 111 limply stole away here to admire thia magic acme and the almost solemn atillneaa that pervade* every* thing.” “ There is a peculiar charm in it, and I often come here, alone, just to watch the lights appear and hear the musical c' ime of bells, as they toll the passing hours," the gentleman responded, with a thrill of feeling in his tones, for he recognised; a congenial spirit in this fair girl who so ap preciated the beauty around that she would leave a gay company to enjoy it. “ Do you -love the water, Misa King P ” he inquired after a moment of silence. “ Very much—especially the ocean," eaid Grama. “Thereis something so limitless, 60 sublime and majestic about it, that it excites a feeling of admiring awe within me.” “You and I are in sympathy, then,Ter the sea has always affected me in that way," Mr Raymond remarked, in a low, musical voice. “ Byron has aptly described it as— “ Boundless, endless, and sublime The image of Eternity—the throne Of the invisible! ” “It makes me think of the human scnl,” Grazia murmured, in a thoughtful tone, with her eyes fired upon the shimmering waves that marked the path of the moon, as it sailed upward in the vault above " In what way P ” questioned her com panion, as he bent down to study the fair, uplifted face beside him. “ It is so deep, mysterious, unfathom able," said the girl, with a sigh. “ Look! where the light of the moon strikes the water! Is it not beautiful P It makes me almost feel as if, through some rift in the veil that separates us from heaven, some thing of celestial glory is shining. Bnt who can tell what dread seoretaylie con cealed beneath the shining surf am 1-what death and destruction P whatbrtve hearts may have gone down to their deom, with moans of pain and prayers for hefe>; in that very Bpot.” \ Grazua’s voice was fall of panr as she concluded,and Raymond Ventnor^earned, with a mighty longing, to speak some words of comfort to the heart which he knew from her conversation must be tossed and tom with some secret grief which never allowed it to be at peaoe. “ I am sore, Miss King, that yon have known some great sorrow,”-he remarked after a moment of reflection, “or yon would not always be shading your pictures with such mournful comparisons, as yon have said, the sea is like a human sonl, in some respects; it is deep, mysterious, unfathom able ; in other respects it is not like it, for when its surface is lashed to fury, by tho tempests that sweep over it, there is always peace and quiet in the depths beneath; for a mighty power controls it. That, to me, is symbolical of the sonl, which, in spite of the griefs and trials that come to it, can rest secure in the hollow of the hand that never makes a mistake.” Two great tears rolled over Grozia’s oheeka and fell in glistening beads, like so many diamonds, upon the railings, as her companion concluded. “ oh!" she exclaimed with a catoh in her breath that was almost like a sob. “ you cannot have Buffered as—as some have suffered, or yon eonld not feel like that.” “ Miss King,” said Raymond Ventnor, in a voice, that was vibrant with deep feeling, “ eight years of my life were spent upon a bed cf pain—eight long, weary years, daring the most of which I expected that I mu-t be a cripple all my life. I had scarcely recovered' my health, and begun to look forward to a life of usefulness; when my mother was killed, before' my, eyes, by being thrown from her carriage in front of a passing locomotive. The five years following were lived under.the ban of a dishonorable name-” “Oh!" breathed Grazia,'shrinking as from a blow. “ My father’s partner forged foraheavy amount, but so covered his . wrongrdoing that my father, a Ventnor, whore name for many generations had never been sullied br aa mnohas a breatb,wasmade to expiate hli crime. The troth prevailed in the end, however, and at - the mid cf five years the wronged man was released and exonerated before the whole world. Savely, my friend, yon cannot now say that I have not suffered.” “ No,- no; pray forgive me for my thoughtless speech,” regretfully pleaded Grazia. “ Nay, do not reproach yonnelf,” gently returned Baymond Ventnor. “ I am glad to have told yon this, for sorrow makes ns all akin, and I .would, not have y u deem me unsympathetic.. But, Miss Kiog, did yon never think that there is a purpose in pain?” “ What purpose f ’’ questioned Grazia. “The same purpose that asculptor has in using a hammer and a chisel upon a piece of rough marble—to. develop the beautiful and perfect form that lies hidden within it; the same purpose that the wise gardener has when; with an~ sppirantly ruthless hand, he prunes the viae of half its life and beauty to make it produce larger and richer fruit.” Grazia sighed heavily. She wondered what purpose there could have been in the suffering she had endured —what possible good could come of the network of troubles and trials that had entangled her, tying her hands and de priving her of even her identity. She wondered what finit she could bear, fettered as she was, and obliged to hide from all the world. “ Bnt I am afraid we have chosen a very depressing topic," Mr Ventnor continued, in a lighter tone. “ I want you to have only pleasant thonghts and experiencas while yon are my guest j hat some time I wouldjike to drive a little deeper into this subject with you, if you will give me the privilege.” “ I shall be very glad to do so," Grazia replied, “for yen always give me something to think of." “Thank,yon," her companion heartily returned, then added t “ Now' will yon Ut ,im take yen down te tha eeleeaf lMf most of our friends Inn disappeared, and we .were planning to have a little music before we retire for the night.’* He offered her hie arm. as he spoke, and as she took it Grozin was con?eiousof the esme thrill tingling through her viens as she had experienced upon their first meeting. I The company passed an hour very de lightfully with mnsio and s jcial intercourse, and then retired, with the expectation of awakening to find themselves far ont upon the briny deep, for the tide would tarn very early in the morning, whioh was all the captain was waiting for. Grazia felt a desire to see the beautiful vessel leave port, and so secretly resolved to rise in season to do so. Accordingly the first tender glow of sunrise was flushing the eastern horizon when, enveloped in a warm ulster, with a soft gray felt hat securely pinned to her head, the fair girl stole softly upon deck and found that'ahe was only j oat in time, for the steam was up and two sailors were on . the point of hauling in the anchor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze the white wings that weretohelp waft them over the sea. She would not have missed the sight for anything, for, just as the sun lifted his glowing face above the far off line, the graceful vessel began to move like a majestic bird out from the harbor, toward the wide expanse of water beyond. There was something very exhilarating in the scene, in the crisp morning breeze that was blowing from the north-west, in the cloudless eky and brilliant sunshine, that made Grazia’a eyes gleam and her j cheeks flush with delightful anticipation. I She stood in the prowof the boat, as she I had done the night before, and she was so ! absorbed in what was going on abont her that Bhe did not realise the presence of any one else, until a voice, whioh of late had begun to thrill her strangely, remarked in a cheery tone, just behind her: ■! Grad-morning,” Miss King. I am sure the Nautilus is honored by the interest yon have shown in her movements.” ' Grozin turned quickly, and found Bay* mond Ventnor smiling down upon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in his ex pressive eyes. He wore a heavy reefer that was buttoned dose to his chin and showed his fine form to the best advantage, while the visorless •ip upon his head gave him quite a boyish look. " And so yon sacrificed your morning nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her wings/’ he added, while his color deepened slightly as he noted the blush whioh his saluation had called up to Grazia’s cheeks.” '‘It was no sacrifice I assure yon,”she said, her eyes sparkling with animation, "I wanted to see the start, and I have enjoyed it immensely. I never saw a more beautiful sunrise in my life.” “ Tea, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and. a whiff of such air as this is better than any tonic for' the appetite. : I always walk the deck A half hour before breakfast; will you join me P ” and he held out his hand to her with a friendly air and smile that made herpuisss throb more quickly than was their wont. She frankly laid hers mthin ifc, when he slipped it upon hie arm, and tOgether thoy paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted socially until other members of their party began to join'them. Grazia found that, in spite of his dignified bearing and the serious moods he had' hitherto shown her, Baymond Ventnor oculd be as merry and j olly as a boy ; that, while he neglected nothing as a host, forgetting not the smallest detail that could contribute to the'comfort of his 'guests, he knew how to- enjoy himself thoroughly, thns becoming the life of the. party, and so contributing greatly to the pleasure of others. . Among Mr Ventnor’s guests there were a Mr and Mrs: Maoombsr, and their daughter, Miss Marie Macomber, a hand some {pel of twenty-one, who appsared to be a great favorite with the party. •'!; ' She was a gay, brilliant, witty, and evidently a thorough society girl, for ehe was perfectly at home with every one, and could aimultaneonaly entertain any number of people with the most perfect composure. But when Grazia had been introduced to her, she impressed her as being cold and devoid of any real sympathy with her own sex. - - She had looked Grazia over, from head to foot, with one sweep of her passionless eyes; measured her, as she told Paula in speaking of it afterward, mentally, morally, and physically, noting even the fit of her dress, the style of her hat, the make of her boots and gloves. Then she had turned calmly away and resumed her -conversation with a gentle man, whioh the introduction had for a moment interrupted, ignoring her utterly daring the. remainder of the evening. But the next morning when she made her appearance upon deck and saw Bay mond Ventnor promenading with ; Miss Sing upon his aim, when she noticed the admiring look in his eye as it rested upon the fair face i f the girl, his eager, animate! manner in conversing with her, she suddenly changed her tactics, and, th» moment Grazia was at liberty, approached her in the most friendly way, and exerted herself to be agreeable to her. Sho attached herself to the two girls after that, while Panla often noticed that she appeared to be Studying Grazia, with a perplexed, intent look, as if she were .trying to solve some intricate question. “Tout'girl is a horn mieohief-maker, and woe to anyone who happens to stand in- the way of her ambition,” Panla murmured to hereelf, after watching her for a while. “ I only hope that my gentle Grace will not interfere with her designs.” She tried not to be unjust, but it made her very, uneasy to see Mies Mscomber hovering abont her friend all that day, and to observe how she watched every act and look whenever Mr Ventnor approached Grazia, which he often did, and took no pains: to conceal his enjoyment of her society. The young man’s plan'was to sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to spend one night, and attend a’grand ball at the Casino, for jrhich-be had procured tickets mcre;than a week,in advance.. The Nautilus arrived in port abont noon of the second day. out. and, after lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long drive about tho city, returning to the yacht in time for dinner. The gentlemen surrendered the saloon to the ladies to make their preparations for the evening, while they smoked their after-dinner cigars upon the deck, and the next hour below, was one of fluttering ex citement among the fair sex. It was a very brilliant party that left the Nautilus a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among them all, in Raymond's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom he was every; hoar becoming more deeply interested.' She was clad to-night in a blue silk of a very delioateshade, with beautiful orna ments of exquisitely carved pink coral upon her neek, arms, and amid the waves other rich dark hair. The costama was. vastly becoming to her rare, almost faultless com plexion ! but her ofaief charm lay in her utter nnoonsoiouness of her own beauty— in the perfect naturalnesaof her manner mid bearing. ' . Do yon dance, Mias King P” Mr Vent nor'inquired,-in a-low-!tone, as he was assisting; her to alight from the carriage upon reaching.the Casino, r “Tesjlused to/’she returned, wifcha little sigh; “Then-let me have the first one with yon to-night, will yon ?” he asked; with a little eager pressure of the hands he was holding. \- “ With pleasure/.’ she replied, her heart bounding into her throat at: his manner, words and tone. The words were scarcely uttered, how? ever, before she was' sorry she had not ’ excused herself from dancing at alL i “look pleasures are not for ms, and—I i awkast l#t »jmU laws* to toft, fcfe," she nnnrand to herself, as she ft'loirij the party into the dressing-room. Then a terrible shook went through hoi as, like a flash of lightning, a mthlasc earns to her. “ Ah I it is too late to think of that now,” her white lips mattered, as she blindly groped her way into the oorner and sat down—" too late, too late! for I love him already with my whole heart. I, Grasia Kingsley—the wife of another man—love, adore Bsymond Ventnor. Oh! the shame of it! the sin of it! ■ Where new is the gniding Hand that' makes no mistakes.' She was almost benumbed by the con flict of emotion that raged within her upon this hnlooked for discovery, and she sat there, wretched and helpless, in her wraps, nntil Paula found her. •‘Why, Grace!’* she ezolalmed, “why have yon not taken off yoor things f , Ton will be late for the opening number. Are yon ill P” she added, as she caught eight of the girl’s colorless-face; “yon are as white as a snow-flake.” “Ho, I am not ill,** Grasia replied, as she started nervously to her feet, deter mined that no one wenld discover her shameful Bocret. She would guard it moat sacredly—she would play her put far the next two days with what skill she could, then, she told herself, she would never meet Kaymond Ventnor again if she oonld prevent it. She must nip this new passion in the bud, Bhe most not feed it with so mnoh as a look at that dear, noble face, or by listen ing to that rioh, musical voice. Panla helped her off with her wrap*, watching her covertly ail the time, and wondering what could hare happened to drive from her face all the eager bright ness that. had. been there when they left the XauWus “ Von must do something to those pale cheeks; yon cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost,” Panla remarked, with real concern upon seeing that she seemed oven more haggard and wretched after removing her outer garments. “ Ah!" she added] “here comes ' Mr Ventnor, looking for ns. I will ask him to get you something to take—•»" “Not for the world, Panla dear,” eried Grazia, grasping her almost rndely by the Then, as Mr Ventnor esnght sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of color dyed the girl’s faoo crimson, and Mias Nelson was more ponded than before. Grasia had bent over her hand to batten her glove and to bide her embarrassment, and when this was done she recovered something cf her usual composure. She concealed her aching heart with a smiling exterior as aha went forward to meet him “ I have brought your programme,” ho said, as he handed it to her, ‘ and may I beg that yon will write my name against some of the numbers before we go into the hallP Then I shall bt sure of them; otherwise I might not be,” he concluded, in a tone intended only for her, and with a low, musical laugh. Grazia took the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what was best to do. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. “I am here; I am hedged absut; I cannot help myself,” she mused; “ I might at, well enjoy myself and make the most of the few hours that remain to me, before I try to crush out forever this Lopeleu passion. I will put the past behind me for to-night, I. will be a gay and happy girl once moie.’’ She give her head a little resolnte toss as she arrived at‘this conclusion, then, looking up into Mr Ventnor’s face with a smile that made his heart bound with a wild, sweet hope, she put the’ card hack into his hand and murmured— . “ Tiu shall write your own. rime waste' ever you choose.” '■ (To be Continued)' • '^ 