HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, December 6. tDespifce the likelinood of a lively debate on the Adult Suffrage Bill in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon the galleries were very empty, the 'ghosts of deceased jurymen' above the clock numbering exactly twelve when the Speaker took the chair. The only member of the softer sex then present was Mrs. Mary Lee, who eat alone — 'a voice crying m the wilderness' — in the benches on the left of the chamber. The busi ness began with the presentation of two peti tions, tie first being handed in by Mr. Scherk against the Brewers' Monopoly Bill, and the other by Mr. Gilbert from Savings Bank depositors agaioBt the State Advances Bill Mr. Grainger objected that there is no Bill on the notice-paper with the title referred to in Mr. Soberk'a petition, bat the Speaker did not Attach rauch importance to that technical quibble. Mr. Motile called attention to the fact that the Deputy-Surveyor-General is now at Fowler's Bay, and he obtained a promise that Mr. Smith shall be asked tc examine the adjoining country in order to ascertain its fitness for agriculture. The Treasurer declined to give any particulars as to the agreement with the banks, butt promised to Lay the document on the table when it is complete. Mr. Holder informed the House, however, that there are unclaimed dividends on South Australian stock to the amount of £946 in the hands of Messrs. Glyn, Milla, & po. Mr. Gilbert) asked whether it was the intention of the Government to take a vote that day on the second reading of the Adult Suffrage Bill. Mr. Kingston answered in the negative, although he was anxious to ao advance the de bate as to be able to fix a definite date for the division. ' Will yon take a vote if the House directs it?' asked Mr. Griffiths, and the Premier affirmed that of course he would do as the House directs, but the Government wonld «ndeayor to direct members in the right ttusctioB, 'Xoo pronrised to take the division to-day, you know,' said Mr. Short, but the Premier denied this statement. Mr. Lake is absent in Tasmania, and Mr. Hourigan has not been in the House tor several days, so that it was difficult to whip up the absolute majority needed to pass the BilL To add to the complication Mr. Ash had incautiously agreed to pair with Mr. Homburg, who, though present during the day, declined to re lease him from his obligation. So it happened that the Minister of Education had to induce members to fill up time till the adjournment, the opponents of the measure for the most part remaining stolidly silent. The Women's Suffrage Bill was called on at 2.10 p.m., and before the first speech was over half a dozen ladies had found their way into the Speaker's gallery. Mr. Brooker resumed the debate with the modest declaration that as each political Demosthenes has spoken he would not attempt flights of eloquence. He promised not to quote poetry, but he came perilously near it. *'f have much love for women,' he pro claimed, and repeated the announcement several successive times, winning cheers on each occasion. ' Well, you needn't dwell on it,' remarked Mr. Solomon, and when the op portunity came Mr. Brooker finished his sentence thuSj ' But I do not think they are better than men.' He expressed surprise that a man so generally admired by the ladies as is Mr. Gilbert ehculd be opposed to adult suffrage, and he thinks even the butterfly portion of the other Bex are more likely to properly exercise the franchise than the dude whose brains are in his boots. He objects to Mr. Caldwall'e statement that this ib a matter of business. It is a question of humanity, he asserts, and he accuses Mr. Caldwell of sitting on a rail. Mr. Ash announced that he had un thinkingly agreed to pair on the second read ing of the Bill, and he appealed to the legis lator who had enticed him into the enare to release him from his obligation. There was, no answering voice, however. Mr. MacLachlan thinks it will be beet for the women to reject the BilL Every man has a soft side, he re marks, and it is a foolish woman who does not find ic. The man rules the world and the woman rules tiie man as it is, and so the Bill is not needed, he thinks, besides which he fears adult franchise will, interfere with home life. He expresses confidence, however, that his wife, his daughters, and Mmself will vote the same way when the privilege asked for is accorded. He_ proposes a progressive tax on bachelors, beginning at the age of 25 and in creasing in heaviness with each decade. He married at 20. Mr. Hooper occupied four minutes in stating his opinion that it is an in sult to women to say that they do not want the vote seeing that they have asked for it by petition. Is is not fair to decide, either, that because all women do not desire the fanchise none shall have it. All men, he points out, do net exercise the right of voting which they now possess. Mr. Bur goyne referred to the flimsy reasoning of the opponents of the Bill. He also took occasion to recognise the help given by Mr. Caldwell in days when tbe agitation for women's fran chise was less popular than it is now. He praised the speech of Mr. MacLachlau, bat argued that a tax on bachelors would be an impost on misfortune. Captain itandeiisaid many of his constituents had asked him to vote against the Bill, while others wished him to help its passage. A3 he cannot please all parties, however, he will stick to his hustings pledges and support the measure. The polling-booth will be more orderly when women can vote, he affirms, and much of the influence of beer will be lost. 'Women,' he declared, with earnest elo quence, 'are the best friends of man from his birth until he is laid out for the grave, and shall we allow them to do all the work and yet refuse them the right to vote. Such & course would be selfish, unmanly, and un generous.' It is the business of Parliament, when a reform is right and juet, he thinks, to take the responsibility of leading pubiis opinion. Mr. Archibald is always pleased to hear Mr. MacL&chl;&n; speak because of his sincerity, but he does not attach much weight to his fear that family fights will follow female franchise. He acknowledges, however, that in passing the Bill Parliament is taking a leap in the dark. Mr. Foster sympathised deeply with Mr. Ash, who had last year reasoned so magnificently in favor of tiie Bill, but who this year by a mistake is shut out from voting for it. He argued that women are much better educated politically now than men were when the suffrage was extended to them. Mr. McDonald tried to obtain an adjournment, but failed, and then ! Mr. Holder good-temperedly twitted the Opposition with their silence. 'They have nothing to say,' explained Mr. Foster, but MV. Solomon answered — 'We are wait ing for something logical to reply to.' Mr. H. E. Downer playfully sug gested that the Treasurer was stonewalling the Bill, and Mr. Holder replied that he did not wonder that the mention of Mr. Solomon's name should remind the House of stone walls.' 'You can't blame me to-day,' remarked Mr. Solomon, and there was a laugh, for the aufcagonietB of the measure were tooting to compel a division, as they knew the Govern ment could not command the 28 votes needed. There was strength enough to obtain aa ad journment, however, and at 4.39 p.m., it being found impossible to carry the Bill that after noon, Mr. McDonald secured the right to con tinue the talk next day. The Conciliation Bill was now reached in committee, and shortly afterwards the Hen. W. P. Beeves, Minister of Labor in the New Zealand Cabinet, entered the Speaker's gallery, where for the next hour he held a levee, being introduced to many legislators during his stay. The discussion began at the first clause of Part V., -whioh deais with Boards of Conciliar tion. Mr. Hague moved to strike out tbe pro vision for local boards of conciliation and to limio the administration to Private and State boards. A very long argument ensued, and at 5.56 p.m. a division was taken, Mr. Hague being beaten by 22 votes to 12. Talk was again created by clause 36 (local boards), and Mr. Ash. reduced from ' two-thirds' to 'one-naif' the propor tion of employers and employes whose ap proval of the board is required before it can be properly constituted. The term of the chairman was limited to two years with eligi bility for re- election, whileanappeaitolhe State Board was, by 22 votes to IS, allowed from the decision of the registrar as to the correctness of the electoral roll. This and the next clause were passed, and then members went to dinner. After dinner the first dispute arose in respect to clause 46, which provides that five members of a public board shall constitute a quorum. Mr. Handyside wished to make ib necessary that two members of each side and the chairman should be present. Mr. King ston pointed out chat the representation of employers and emp oyea would be equal, and that all members would have an opportunity to be present. The amendment, he warned the committee, might nullify the Bill, as the operation of the board could be stopped by two members oa one side refraining from attending. That must be guarded against, agreed Sir John Downer, but he argued that an arbitration eouid not go on ta6ia factorily unless the arbitrators were present. Mr. Grainger wondered that so much time was being spent over such an utterly useless Bill, the passage of which was tantamount to the conferring of a leather medal on the Attorney General for his many courtesies to different members of the House. Mr. Kingston's aiiBW6r wa3 a quotation from the ' Hansard' of 1890, in which Mr. Grainger was reported as speaking very highly of the Bill. There was a loud laugh, and Mr. Brookerinterjected, 'Oh, give him the medal.' Mr. Grainger explained that in the year named there was an arrange ment between Mr. Kingston and hirnsfclf that they should help each other. Mr. Ash reminded the committee that even now if three members od either side decided to absent themselves from the meetings of the board they could block business. ' Then we should make three a quorum,' said Mr. Coneybeer. The amendment) was ultimately defeated, and then there was a prastically uninterrupted run to Part IX. — ' Reports on industrial dis putes.' The first clause (65) caused a very protracted discussion. Mr. Ash tri^d to limit the power of reporting to disputes ' between any organisations,' but) he was beaten by 28 votes to 11. ^Tbe Attorney-Geuoral next moved to alter the investigating and reporting body from 'a Public' to 'The State' Board of Conciliation. This gave Mr. Grainger an opportunity of gratuitously protesting against the appointment of the Cliief Justice as presi dent of the State Board, as his Honor does not ' possess the proper mind for such work.' As proof _ of _ this Mr. Grainger urged that Mr. Way insists upon his dog travelling with him by train. He thinks it would be unwise, too, to appoint either Mr. Boueaufr, Mr. Bundev, or Mr. Russell, and suggests the selection of Mr. Kingston himself. Many legisla tors both in the Council and the Assembly, Mr. Grainger asserts, would fcbe willing to pay a handsome salary in this case to Mr. Kingston so aa to keep him from doing further harm in politics. ' I have always thought,' added Mr. Grain ger,' magnanimously, 'that, with all his faults, the Premier might be useful in some capacity.' Mr. Landseer looked with alarm at the risk of being dragged into court under the clause. He has hitherto kepu perfectly clear of law, he says. More than an hour having slipped away the Premier's amend ment was passed, and the clause went through by 26 votes to 9. There was a clear progress now to clause 78 (appearance before board) under which Mr. Ash desired to give persons the right, in cerbain eases, to appear by counsel. Mr. Kingston pleaded against the entrance of tbe legal fraternity into the Bill, and the amendment) waa beaten. Mr. Homburg caused to be excised the proviso permitting a person unable to attend to be represented by agent. Mr. Ash being defeated by 24 votes to 10. Mr. Ash sought to exempt Part IX. from the operation of the clause, but failed by 22 votea to 10. At clause 79 (proceedings of board not to be quashed; Mr. Hague moved for an appeal from any other board to the State Board, but he only had 13 Totes on his side as against 19 against him. Mr. Ash again tried to shut out Part IX., but by 19 votes to 12 the committee were .against him. In respect to clause SI (publication of regulations) Mr. Kingston asked,' so that the Act may ba brought into immediate operation, that regu lations made before February 1, 1895, should only be published in the Gazette, but agreed that all subsequent regulations should be laid before Parliament. Mr. Ash vigorously objected that so the Premier would have & prolonged saturnalia, and he called up ancient history to show that Henry VIIL was once given power to proclaim any regulations he pleased, ail of which were to have the force of law. The Parliament now, he protested, were substituting Mr. Kingston for the King, and he doubted the wisdom of the change. He hopes the Premier directly the House rises will go to Hobart and stop there till after February L Mr. Kingston agreed to the insertion of a proviso directing that regulations should cease to operate it disapproved of by Parliament withiD 14 days of its next meeting, bub Mr. Ash, still dissatisfied, wished to provide that none of them should be repugnant to the general spirit or intendment of the laws in force in the province. There were 20 votes to 11 against him. The rest of the Bill was rapidly acceded to, and Mr. Ash was defeated by 17 votes to 7 in an attempt to prevent the publication of reports under clause 9. The Bill was then reported, the consideration of the report being fixed for next day. The House rose at 11.16 p.m. 