1 . — » — BLACKMAIL. CI I AFTER V. Cora s niled. ' You have never then heard of paste ?' ' Ah '' exclaimed Middlcton, ' I shall he called to Paris by the death of a relative, whose daughter (yon must act as the daughter, Guy) will write me a most heartrending letter of appeal. There T can substitute imitations for the genuine, stones in a week's time. I think the man's name is Duvarnier. I know that his shop is somewhere near the l lotcl de Villo, in one of those back streets where I used to buy cheap trinkets when I was a pupil at the Sucre Cceur. Can I not attend to this commission ?' asked Middleton, insinuatingly. ' By no means.' answered Com, promptly ' The good setting would oe entirely too tempting to yon. The articles must be back promptly, or the earl may suspect something is wiong. He is lull of sus picions already.' ' There is a great deal of this jewellery ?' asked Middleton. Cora eyed him scrutinizingly. ' There is enough to supply your wants for many a long day. That information must suffice you.' . i 1 And will she consent ?' he asked. ' I cannot say. I shall speak to her when I think circumstances are ripe for it. Meanwhile, you will return at once to Paris, and see as few English as pos sible. You should disguise yourself more. If it is known that you are alive, all is ost. ' Meanwhile ?' lie asked, s'gnificantly. j ' Meanwhile,' she repeated, ' here are j forty pounds for your return. It ought to last you until I can bring about th e scheme we have on foot.' ' You are exceedingly frugal,' he said, sarcastically. ' You arc welcome to your opinion. One thing more — do not, tike the train at Ollcrton. There is always some one from the Hall there, who may describe you, an 1 your appearance is so exactly what it was at Scarborough, that the carl might get on your track. Take the Hull train back to town. The station (Brule) is only three miles cast of this. Good bye.' She pi iced her hand 011 his shoulder, and, tiptoeing, kissed him. He scarcely returned it. The indifference seemed to make her more affectionate , for she held him by the hand as though loth to let him B. But finally she dropped his hand, with a sigh, and turned homeward. He mounted his horse, tctheied near by, and rode off quickly through the wood and in the opposite direction. For. a half mile or so she walked 011, her eyes upon the ground, herself ab- sotbed in thought. The bitterness of death was in her heart. She had loved — she still loved, alas ! — this Guy Middleton with all the passionate love oMier youth. And she was nothing to him ; she could see that plainly enough, He would not now be near Iter, save for his hope of obtaining money through her instrumentality. What would she not give, she thought, for "some power by which she might, be freed trom the influence exerted over her by this man ? She was independent of the world. Her own little fortune would enable her to live in town or country in entire case: And now she was enacting a dishonour able, a dangerous role, in a gentleman's house, for the sake of one who she knew had long since wearied of her — ay, Ion ; j before even lie had thought of 1 marrying the woman who was now j countess of Mordaunt. | Why did she hate her? she asked her- ! self, And the answer was plain before j her. Because Marion Leigh had oc- 1 cupied the relation of wife to Guy Middlc ton ; nay, more, because she had not j loved Guy Middleton. | Had she loved him she might have ; more easily forgiven her. But she had j thrown aside as worthies', a love which to Cora Ifaye was the most precious thing in the world. And now that this woman was rich, why should she not atone by money to the man she had despised, even when she lived with him as his wife ? No ; there should be no receding. So far she, had succeeded in her scheme. She would now go 011 with it. From either the carl or Mr. Leigh money must be forthconvng — money for Guy Middleton's pleasures. Perhaps in time, Guy finding her utterly devoted to him, would come to love her just a little. But if he did not il was a strange plea sure — the only pleasure in the world left her — to supply his want, to minister to him, to know that lie was thinking of her and'looking to her for aid, although 111 an utterly selfish way. ' Guy ! Guy 1' That was the name which rose to her lips the first thing in the morning and the last thing at night. ' Good day, Miss IT aye !' She started back in stirpiise. She supposed herself utterly alone in old Sherwood Forest — alone, save for her own bitter thoughts, ' Major Rockbridge !' she exclaimed. ' The same,' he replied; 'and very much at your seivicc. Are you partial to the forest ?' It lias never been a favourite with 1 he people at the Hall, to their shame be it said ; and am glad to see some One there who at last appreciates it.' She eyed him closely, trying to satisfy herself whether he was in earnest, or merely attempting to cover his real J thoughts by an assumed garrulity, | ' I did not, hear your approach,' she said, regarding his horse, which was pawing t.he ground and champing his bit. ' From winch direction did you come?' ' From' the Broke station,' he answered . I have been to t he meet at Elvington. And do yon know there has occurred something which puzzles me very much ?' ' Am 1 permitted to ask. what it is ?' she asked. \ They were now proceeding homeward, he walkhig his horse slowly to converse with her ' I war just, about to tell you,' he an swered. ' j have met a man this rnorn- ing, right herein the forest, whom I cer tainly knew once in the army, and I can- no: for the life of me remember his name, or recollect where T knew him — whether at home or abroad ' ' I fear i cannot assist you in the matter,' she said, carelessly. ' I think you are the first officer of the army 1 ever knew.' ' Why, was not Lady Mordaunt's first husband once an officer in the army ?' bhe glanced up at him quickly and scarchingly. Was he trying, after all, to p'ay detective in this matter? II so, let him beware ! She felt a terrible wrath rising in her breast, but, controlled her features admirabl 1 'Oh, yes; I think Mr. Middleton had been once an officer, but I believe he was never in active service.' ' Middleton !' he mused — ' Middleton Why, bless my soul, il I did not know that Middleton was dead, I should say that this man J' met to- day «vas he. — Perhaps it was his ghost,' laughed Miss Haye ; or have'" you that desirable 1 faculty, major, of .seeing disembodied pirits ?' The major did not enter into the joke, and preserved a singularily moody and th-u.ightlul silence until they reached the Hal1, now near by, when he dismounted and led his lioise away towards the stablr.s, ' Is this man going to give me trouble ?' Cora asked herself, as she went np-to the house. ' 1 can deal with anything but a ! fool — anything but stupidity! As the Germans truly say, ' Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.' I must put my lady 011 her guard.' CI fAl'TER VI. I Until the birth of the little Viscount , Denbeigh, Major Rockbridge was the heir apparent to the earldom of Mor- I daunt. 'j He was the earl's 2ousin,.and a constant j visitor at the Hall in the old days when i there was a possibility of the earl's re maining unmarried. He came less frequently now. That he was disappointed at the loss of so fine a fortune is not to be wondered at. But being a man of honour, and a good man also, he accepted the inevitable gallantly and goocl-naturedly. lie was really fond of the countess, and though a bachelor, and therefore naturally supposed to eschew babies, was a great friend w'ith the little heir, whom lie frequently took up on his saddle and rode j round the pirk, greatly to the conster nation of the countess.gwho had no con fidence in a man's capacity for holding babies, in or cut of the saddle. - The little viscount was very decided in his likes and dislikes, although but two years old, and there were two persons with whom he was greatly delighted — the one the niaior, -the other Cora Haye. Indeed, he seemed the only living creature about Denbeigh who unre servedly liked that jounglad/. But she seemed scarcely to notice him. ' When the countess of Lord Mordaunt . vva; about, she would be effusive1 in her attentions to the little fellow — j would sing to him in her fine, deep, co 1- tralto voice, and play with him by the j hour. But she seldom noticed him at 1 other times. j As she approched the hall, after leaving Major Rockbridge, she espied her little . admired with his nurse on the terrace, 1 and fearing if he caught sight of her that there would be the usu il outcry for her, and that she would be delayed, she hurried onward, and had nearly reached the | entrance unobserved, when she heard behind Iter a well-known ' Coa ! Coa 1' and'turning, saw the little fellow reaching , out his hand towards hei', all smiles and ! del'ght, as he leaped up and down in his nurse's arms. There was nothing to be done but to go to him, which she did with as good a grace as she might. '' Deed, ma'am,' said the nurse, 'and he does take to you uncommon strong. I ofttiines wishes I could get him to be the likes with mc.' j ' Yes, nurse, baby and I ;ue great friends. Does 00 love Coa, eh, Denbeigh ?' and she put up her lips to be kissed. The little fellow put his her arms j about her neck, and hugged her in real, ' earnest. English fashion. | Then she sang him a little song, and took him on her back and played horse with him, winding up with his favourite amusement of chasing her round the terrace. Finally she took him up in her arms, kissed him, and gave him back to the nurse. ' Coa must go in now, Denbeigh,' she said, ' Mamma wants Coa.' ' No,' said the little viscounty stamping his liny feet. But M'ss Haye had vanished. Thcrejw 'S a lnudjament from the terrace in the n. ture of a yell, which nearly split the major's ears as he came out 011 the grounds and demanded o( nurse the c itise. Oh, it's Miss Haye he is crying for, sir. It be wonderful, what he sees in that Miss Haye. None o' the rest o' ns can j see it. Cook says it be witchcraft.' ; 'Nonsense, nurse. Witchcraft i ; abolished by act of Parliament,' ' Parliament can do most things, but, saving your honour's presence, it can't do away with witches. I never feels nat'ral 1 when Miss H-iye is around. TKov's 1 something uncanny about her. Even my lady don't know anything about her. Her first husband brought her to my lady, and I don't think my lady really likes her herself.' And then the major was again seized with abstraction, and commenced pacing the ten ace, wondering where and when he had met the' man whom lie encountered that morning in the torest, and recalling Miss H aye's strange joke about Middle- ton's ghost. ' Egad !' he said to liiinself, ' it was Middleton's gh >st or Middleton's self, and I'm half inc'inxl to he'ieve it the latter,' Two dark eyes had been bent on the scene upon the terrace, and two sli j ears had heard every word of the conver sation between the nurse and the major. ' A witch 1' repeated Miss Haye — for the eyes and the ears were hers, ' Why j not? lain bewitched myself — bewitched | by Guy Middleton. ' Why should I not | in turn exercise witchcraft 011 others ? j Nurse is -right.'. j And then siie went to the countess's | apartments. | The countess was quite strong again | An entire change however had come over ' her, although less apparent than 011 the . previous evening. ' «? | She was not perfectly on guard, bet nad learned her lesson, ami had practised it that morning. The earl must never know the dreadful reappearance of her husband, That was settled. For her child's sake, any suffering, any j disgrace, any sacrifice, mint be under- 1 gone, to save the title and estates to her i son. The carl had been with her nearly all the morning. To his delight, her old affectionate mannerh.ul returned, and he now felt t 'a n t j this was but a passing hysterical attack, J which meant nothing.. serious.. His happiness diffused itself through the household. Even the servants, so qu'ck 'n reflecting'the moods of t he master, went about their daily advocations with a j cheery smile and alacrity which put ! ; things on their old'satisfactory footing j again. But though the fruit looked as fair ; and sound as ever, the worn' was gnaw- j at the ore. _ j j In my l idy's ajmrtment, with doors ! ; closed ana locked, sat two women, in low j earnest conversation — the countess and i 1 Cora Haye. j j You say that M.ijor Rockbridge met ; | him iii the forest to-day ?' asked the | j countess. I ' Ye-;, my lady, and sceni.a determined j j to talk about it. lie will probably talk I with the earl.' i j 'The Earl will laugh at him. Nothing! 1 was more fully believed in at the time j i that Mr. Middleton had perished at see j! off Fil :y Brigg.' | ' Still, the major is a dangerous person ; to have at Denbeigh. 1 hope we may not have him here long.' | ' I cannot forbid the earl's own cousin ; and late heir the house,' said the countess. \ ' Oh, of course not, my lady. 1 merely ! wisli to point out the danger.' j ' The danger is palpable enough. Let j mc see ; you say, Miss Haye, that you I knew nothing of Middleton's existence j till kst evening ? ' Absolutely nothing, my lady,'9 j Of course the countess did not belHvc ! a word i-hc said. i ' And he has waited until an heir was , born to blackmail mc ?' ' Evidently. He is a bad man.' ' 1-Ie has given you his terms, I suppose, t this morning ?' \ j ' Yes. He musthave a thousand a j year, he says, and two hundred ' pounds j down within a month.' | ' Or he will tell all to the earl ?' ! 'Yes, my lady.' ' In which case, of coarse he will not get a thousand pence.' ' But the major my lady ?' ' Oh, the major is to be reinstated as .the heir, is he ? And is to be' made tc pay for information ?' j ' That is the alternative he presents.' | ' Miss Haye,' begins the countess, j slowly, and in a low, collected voice, 1 ' would you mind telling me of your acquaintance with Captain Middlcton, from the first day you knew him ?' i Cora Haye was suddenly startled, j The question was wholly unexpected. But she was equal to the occasion. ' Why my lady, I never saw Captain Middleton until the day before Ic.ime o you at Manchester after your marriage. He learned of me at a servants' agency and engaged me there.' Ah !' murmured the countess. 'Only, you know, that I have peiceived that the captain and yourself were always very intimate, anrl that the relations between you seemed to indicate a prior acquain tance. But of ;ourse I acceot your sta'e- ment. Now will you tell me how I am to realize a thousand pounds a year and two hundred pounds down for Captain Guy Middleton ?' 1 | To be coiiliuuee/. IIiii.i.oway's Ointment and Fii.t.s. — Glandular swelling" in t lie llirmit, nonralgiu tic ilolorcux, rlii'it- inali'iui, gonf, liunlmgd, und otlwr diseases aJIVcting the glands, musL'les, und nerves of sense t ion arc ; )i r:nanentl>|i;railieat«il by this healing, nnti febrile, i ami soothing preparation. It is also a perfect I remedy for all shin diseases, and every kind of : superficial inflammation, which soon loose their angry and painful character tinder this invaluable I Ointment. The Fills have never been administered 1 cither hy hospital or private practitioner in i dyspepsia or liver complaints without producing ' the desirul result. 