"ONWARD AND UPWARD." FOOTSCRAY, SATURDAY, " September let, 1894. HOW WE :STAND. THE Ministry. of Sir J. B. Patterson has gone on what might wellrbe called the double shuffle. The direct vote of want. of confidence by Mr Turner was superseded by an:amendment by Mr McKenzie, to the effect that the House had no confidence in itself, and asking the. Governor to dissolve it as soon as possible. This was really the motion carried, and,the Ministry selected to take a iiiidbf want of confidence upon the voices, instead of by a direct division,; which .would have been the more manly course ofý procedure. As it is, 'however, the country is to be put to the expense of a general election say £J3o,ooo. and has, as yet,' not the ghost of a policy on either side to go upon. The late Government, which backed down on its Tariff Budget pro posals, only suggested an income tax as a means of meeting the large deficiency in' the revenue, while it is plain to all thinking men that it would not meet one quarter of the sum required to balance finances. The rest of the Ministerial proposals are kept dark, until the Premier lets the cat out of the bag at Castlemaine, but the electors are just as much in ignor ance of the intentions of Mr Turner, the leader of the Opposition who, very naturally declined to show his hand to be taken advantage of by the Government. It may be said in brief that both sides of politicians must recognise the fact, that protection or freetrade cannot be the main feature of the contest. Rather will the ques tion be' narrowefl down to the issue, whether the workers shall bear the great share of taxation, through the customs and other?eise, or whether the land should not be made to take its part in the general expenditure of the colony. Wealth accumulated in the shape of property, shares etc., has been almost free from taxation in the past, while the least fortunate amongst us, who ! have nothing to sell but their labor have been steadily pushed to the wall. It is time that candidates recognised their responsibilities to the mass of the people, and be prepared to place the burden of taxation on the class best \- able to bear it. The land is God's gift to man ! Those who occupy it should provide for the cost of opening it up by roads, railways etc., which improve the value to the holders under the State. We have for many years , system amd the right of the State to re-purchase that which it sold, at its nominal value. 