THE WISE WOMAN. IT was a wintry evening about fifty years ago. The snow had ceased for a little while, but there was evidently plenty more to come in the dull gray clouds that hung low over the moor. A little cottage stood all by itself, the snow thick on its low thatch; behind it stretched the lonely moor, with a few oak-trees on one side of it, the outposts of the forest, which showed a dark purple line against the horizon. Outside, all looked dreary and desolate; but inside the cottage it was cosy enough ; the fire was burning with a clear red glow ; a black tabby cat was lying in front on the warm red bricks, purring drowsily; and an old woman was sitting in a big wooden arm-chair, her hands folded in her lap, her head poked a little forward, her dark intelligent eyes looking into the fire. On the shelves of the little corner cupboard behind her stood long rows of bottles and jars con taining ointments, nettle tea, elderberry wine, cordials, and medicines; for she doctored the whole parish, which was an outlying one, with no doctor living within several miles: but all the country people said ' they didn't want no doctor; the Wise 'Oman was worth ten o' they.' She nursed them when they were ill, too, and advised tnem in all their affairs; and they always said, 'to tell the Wise 'Oman a secret were like droppen a stone into a well-you was sure you'd never hear o' it again.' She was a very old woman, though exceedingly hale and active. No 'one knew exactly what her age was. Her mother was a gypsy; and from ' her she had learned a slight knowledge of surgery and the medicinal qualities of herbs. She would wander for miles in search of these. All the flowers, too,'in her little garden had their uses. Now, however, there was nothing in it save a few cabbages sticking out of the snow. As the room grew dark, the Wise Woman rose and lighted a candle, put ting it in the window, where it was always placed as a beacon to guide ; people across the moor. She had scarcely lighted her candle when there was a loud tap at the door. ' Come in,' she called; \- ftnd the door opened, letting in a keen rush oficy air and a shower of snow flakes, and'a man entered.' . * It1 iie snowen fast agen,' he said, going to the fire «nd shaking the snow . off: himself. ' You'll be pretty nigh sribfre'd up.' ' All ! I dessey there'llbe some un to dig ine out, if I be,' said Mrs. Warne comfortably. 'I'll warn't there will/ replied the man. 'We couldn't get on without you no sense; and I be come nofer'to ask ypu what I be to do about my hedge. You knows my beautiful hedge ? Wull, now, lie lie getten old; the 'ood in un be nice for burnen; and some un comes every night pretty handy and pulls it out; and I can't find out who 'tis; and if you can't tell me, I'll 6et upall night, but I'll find out I' 'No need fur that, Bill,' said Mrs. Warne, after having thought for a mo ment 'You just listen now. You get out there to-morrow and make pretence as you be amending the hedge; and you \- take a gimlet and bore little holes in the 'ood, and fill 'em with gunpowder, and I'll warn't you wun't be troubled no more.' ' Ehl mother, but you be a noted 'oman for cleverness, that you be!' said Bill admiringly, bringing his large hand down with a smack on his knee. ' I'll be off at once down to shop and get ' some powder.' He took a leather bag from his pocket and brought a shilling out of it, which he laid on the table. ' I be ter'ble obliged to ye,' he said. ' You'mvurry welcome,' replied Mrs. Warne, as he went away. She stood watching the snow fall softly against the window till her eye was caught by a light in the distance that rapidly grew larger, and disclosed itself to be a lantern. The bearer of it came hurtying along and opened the door without stopping to knock.. ' Oh, Mother Wame 1 he began, * John Long hev fell off a ladder and hurt hisself ter'ble 1' 1 Dear, dear! Any bones broke ?' ' I don't rightly know; but he groans dreadful t' Mrs. Warne bustled about collecting -a roll of bandages, a pot of ointment, and a small bottle; then she put a little knitted purse in her pocket, bundled .herself in a big shawl and bonnet, and .said: 'Now I be ready to start.' ' It don't sim hardly right to ask ye to come out such a night,' the man said; ' but then we don't know what to do fur him, and Mis' Long be in a ter'ble twit ter 1' ' Bless me I Harry, anybody 'ud think you was talking to a old 'oman I' said said Mrs. Warne briskly. The man laughed. ' Well, 'tis true,' he said. ' Many a young 'oman med be glad to be as peart as you be I 'How did he do it?' asked Mrs. Warne. 'He was cutten hay fur the horses, and the la!dder weie slippery, and he fell right from top o' it.' They were well out into the moor l<y this time, and further conversation was impossible, for the fine snow blew straight into their faces and took their breath away. Around, above, nothing was to be seen but the dancing snow flakes; but presently the lights of the cottage began to show through them. ' Wull, I bain't sorry to hev got here,' said- Mrs. Warne as she entered the cottage. The door of the inner room opened, and a woman put her head out. ' Here be Mother Warne I' she said; and in stantly the watchers round the bed gave a sigh of relief. The man was keeping up a low moan of pain. ' Well John, let's see what you've done to yourself,' $aid Mrs. Warne cheerfully as she went up to him. She found his injuries to be a badly bruised shoulder, a sprained wrist, and cut head. In no time the wrist and head were bandaged and ointment put on the bruises, while she propped him up com fortably with pillows. In a few mo ments the strained look of suffering on his face relaxed. 'That ointment be powerful soothing,' he said. 1 Ah 1 that be some o' my own making,' said Mrs. Warne complacently. ' How long shall I be led up ?J he asked. 'I dunno for sure. Maybe a few days, may be longer. But you mustn't talk, and I be goen to give you some poppy water to send you to sleep.' 'John be goen on nicely,' she said, going to the outer room, where several of the neighbours were still waiting; ' and I shall bide the night, so there's no occasion fur you to stop.' When they were gone, the two women sat talking softly. ' How long will he be laid up, really ?' asked Mrs. Long. ' Wei, I'm afraid he wun't work again fur some time, fur he've sprained his wrist pretty tightish.' ' Oh dear, what shall us do 1 And only a fortnight to Christmas too ; and the children, poor things, hev bin looken so forward to it; they'll hev but a pinched Christmas now!' ' Bless me, Mary, don't meet trouble half-way I Summat ull turn up afore then, I don't doubt. Hev ye got any thing in the house ?' . ' Scarcely anything. Wi' so many childun, the money goos out as fast as it | comes in.' ' Well, then, you take this,' said Mrs. Warne, turning out the contents of her purse. 'Taint much, but it'll help you on for a bit.' ' Oh 1 mother, I don't hardly like to take it from ye!' 'Nonsense! You can pay roe back some day, if you like; and if you don't, I shan't quarrel wi' you 1 And I don't doubt I'll manage the childun's Christ mas somehow, though I don't know how, now.' Mrs. Warne had not been home long the next evening when sh£heard scuffling footsteps approach; the door burst open, and an old man rushed in. ' Lor-a- mussy 1 Mother Warne, lor-a-mussy 1' he ejacu lated, 'if my fire bain't bewitched I Come and say summat over it, fur the love o' mercy, or I'll be blowed up.' It was an old' man who lived in a tumble-down cottage on the other side of the moor. He was a wretched, half-clad old creature, though he was reputed rich, and indeed was very comfortably off, though so miserly he would not spend a penny if he could help it. ' Wait a moment, Sammel,' said Mrs. Warne, putting on her shawl with an expression of triumph. ' Fll come and see to it, sure 'nough 1' When they got outside, the moor stretohed ghostly in the light of the stars, which were shining brilliantly, for it was freezing hard. When they reached the cottage, the fire had burnt down some what, but the old man brought some fresh fagots and put them on it, Mrs. Warne taking good care to station her self on the other side ol the room. In_a minute or two the fire certainly did begin to pep and explode in the most extraor dinary manner. Bill Holmes had well powdered it, and it flew all over the room. ' Lor-a-mussy !' began the old man again, his knees shaking under bim. ' Samuel Simmons 1' said Mrs. Warne, solemnly, as they stood outside listening to the fire popping away,«'twas by no good means you come by tbey fagots. Evil sperrits would hev no powers over 'em if you had, and its pretty plain to see as they has now.' ' Oh I Mrs. Warne, whatever shall I do? I dar'nt stay here wi' them goen on like that 1' ' I tells you what 'tis; you must take all they fagots you has left-you best knows bow you come by 'em-over to the cross roads and chuck 'em away.' 'You must come wi' me, then, or I'd be afeared out o' my life.' ' No ; 'twouldn't do no sense if I war to go too; you must do as I says, and go alone, or I wun't answer for it I' ' Law sakes 1 I can't go there by myself,' said Samuel, oppressed by his guilty conscience. ' Yes, you must; and I must stay here and watch the fire. You wun't come by no harm if you does as I tell you,' Mother Warne condescended to add. At last she persuaded him to start, giving him a final injunction to say ' Avaunt thee, Satan I' three times as he threw the fagots away. He went oft, holding the bundle at arm's length. 'The old rascal I' she chuckled to her self as she re-entered the cottage. ' I'll warn't he'll hev a good fright, and serve him jolly well right I' She began to have a good look over the old man's room. At last, in a corner of the cupboard she discovered a box hidden, to which she gave a vigorous shake. It was answered by a loud rattle of money. She put it back in its place with a satisfied expression, ' I alius dtd want to know if he'd got money put away, as they said he had,' she mur mured. In the little back room she found a small basket of coals, which Mr. Simmons had intended to last him at loast a week ; but she put them all on at once, soon having a blazing fire. Now she placzd the little kettle on it, and going to the cupboard, took from it some tea and made herself a cup of it. Then she sat down by the fire, warming her feet and sipping her tea with an expres sion ot complete contentment. Meantime the old man, spurred by his guilty conscience, was hurrying over the moor, that showed ghostly in the pale light of the stars. Something while rose in front of him and startled him j l>ut it proved to be only a stunted moor-tree with the frozen festoons of snow hanging to it. By-and-by he got off the open moor, where walking was easier; but as he neared the cross-roads his heart beat faster and faster. A tall tree, hung with white, stood by the cross-roads. He stopped suddenly, fancying he heard something moving; but it was only a mass of frozen snow blown from the tree. It struck him on the face; and then close on it came another sound that made Samuel's knees give way under him. Perhaps it was but a bougli creaking, but he could have sworn that on the wind came n faint rattle and clang of chains from the old gallows-tree. He cast the fngots wildly from him, shrieked out, 1 Avaunt thee, Zatcn!' and then turned and darted off, half falling in his haste. He ran into the cottage, and stood gazing at Mrs. Warne, speechless with surprise. 1 Well, Sam," said Mrs. Warne affably, 11 come and set ye down by the fire after your cold walk, and take a cup o' tea to keep the cold out.' ' Ye old witch !' said Samuel furi ously, ' how dare ye come into my house and take my coals and my tea like that ?' ' Now Samuel, don't ye get becallcn me; fur, as I set here, it were borne upon me that they fagots were stole out o' Hill Holmes's hedge! And if ye gets abusen me, I'll go and tell him.' ' No; don't ye, now,' said old Samuel, nearly collapsing under this last stroke. ' Fur, if I did, I've a bin punished fur it; fur, as sure as you stands there, I heard the ghostie; and I've haed a ter'ble walk home i Oh dear! And 'twas becoz I be so poor, I can't afford nare bit o' 'ood.' ' Poor i wi' all that money put away,' said Mrs. Warne contemptuously. ' No, Samuel, do you think I can't tell when you be speaken (he truth or no ? I tell you what 'tis, unless you give me five pound, I'll go over to Bill's this very night and tell him.' ' Five pounds I I han't got five pounds in the world! I'll go you five shtllens, and be pretty near rooned doen it!' After some wrangling, he at length consented to give a sovereign ; he fetched it reluctantly, grumbling and groaning all the time. ' Well, good-night to 'ee, Sam; thank ye for a very pleasant evening,' were Mrs. 'Warne's parting words as she left him and made her way through the snow, chuckling to herself now and then. She did not go straight home, but turned off to the road thai led to Mrs. Long's. Mrs. Long came to the door holding a candle in her hand, which she lilted high to see who it was. 1 Why! 'tis Mis' Warne l' she said. ' Whatever's brought you out so late ?' ' Well, Mary, didn't I say summat 'ud turn up? And so it hast' said Mrs. Warne triumphantly. Mrs. Long's pale tired lace brightened as she saw the money. She half put out her hand to take it, then drew it back again. ' I didn't ought to take it from ye, Mis' Warne,' she said. 'Taint fur you at all; 'tis fur the childun. I shan't say how I come by it; but this I will say, 'tis all right, sure 'nough.' 'Well, you be good, mother,' said Mrs. Long gratefully, as she took the money. ' No; I bain't that,' said Mrs. 'Warne, remembering her treatment of Samuel. 'I'm feared I be a ter'ble crafty old 'oman !' As Mrs. Warne went to see her patient the next day, every person she met stopped her to give his impressions of the ghost J im March had seen, in cluding Jim himself, ivho, looking very red and excited, told her that' just as he got to the cross-roads last night with the horse's new harness that he'd been to fetch, he heard a voice call out ' I be Zaten I' and then a ter'ble scuffling noise whereupon he had turned round and run back to his brother-in-law's house as fast as his legs could carry him, where he had spent the night. ' It baint amany as can say they've a heard Zaten,' he finished with some pride; 'but I can, and a ter'ble voice he've a got too 1 It be like the scroopen o' a ungreased wagon wheel]' ' I shouldn't wonder at all, Jim, if it warn't a warning to ye not 13 stay so long at the " Horseshoe," evenings; and if you takes my advice you'll never be home later nor nine o'clock again,' said Mrs. Warne, remembering that Mrs. March had been to her a little time back to complain that Jim was ' too fond of his glass o' an evening.' ' I'll warrant I never will i' said Jim ; and he never was from that time. The moor was darkening, and the sunset crimson had died out of the west, when Mrs. Warne returned to her cot tage. She was overtaken, as she reached her garden, by the milk-maid from the farm. ' I wants you to give me a charm to hang on Brindle's horn,' she said. ' There never was such a nasty cow I She kicked the bucket over only this afternoon. I think she's possessed by summat evil.' ' Vurry well. I'll give you something as ull cure her if 'tis she's possessed by summat evil. Gut if 'tis only a bad tomper, I can't do nothing, or I'd a made my fortune long ago chuckled Mrs. Warne, going into the cottage and bringing out what looked like a string of very ordinary brass buttons cut from a man's coat; but the Wise Woman said they were charms, and every one believed her. She drew one off mid offered it to the girl. ' Missus said I was to bring you some milk for the charm,' she said, taking it and bringing out a little can from under her shawl. Presently a shepherd came to warm some milk for his lambs by her fire. ' Tis freezen harder nor ever,* he said as he came in. 'There be such a bitter wind comen athwart the moor, and the stars be so thick, and glintens like di'monds 1' ' Ah! 'tis many years since I've known it so cold-not since I was a young maid, when we had such a hard frostie they'd pick up the heares and rabbits friz dead by it.' ? How many years ago were that, Miss Warne?' asked the shepherd curiously. ' Amany, many years ago-long bofore you was borned, Fred,' answered Mrs. Warne indefinitely. ' I've brought you a fagot o' fuz,' said the shepherd, dropping his prickly burden on the hearth. ' Put a bit on the fire, and I'll warm you some elderberry wine,' said Mrs. Warne, bustling into the other room and fetching a bottle of wine, which she poured into a little saucepan and set on the fire, that was now blazing, crackling, and flaring up the wide black chimney, lighting up the shepherd's clear-cut, thoughtful face and every detail of hiB clothing-his long frieze- coat, corduroy trousers strapped in at the knee, his white linen jacket and great thick lace boots-and making the face of the dignified old woman opposite him look more lined and strongly marked than ever. ' It be cold out in fields now, Frod ?' 1 Ah I I'll warnt it be 1' said Fred, j drinking off his hot wine at a draught. Then he atood up, straightened himself, took his crook and milkcan, and departed. When he had got to a little distance, he looked back at the lonely cottage with its one bright window and the bleak line of moor behind it. 'Tis a ter'ble lonely place fur a single 'oman,' he thought. ' But there no one wouldn't do nothen to she.' Mrs. Warne came to the window and watched him go, a dark figure, save where the light from his lantern caught him. It threw a wide brilliant light on the sparkling snow, Away and away he went till the light was but a speck, and then the darkness hid him. A few miuutes after, there came a loud knock ng at the door. She opened it to see old Samuel outside, waving his arms and shaking his fist. 1 You sly, crafty, old thing!' he cried furiously. ' Who was it told Bill Holmes to put gunpowder in his 'ood ?' ' I did,' replied Mrs. Warne amiably. ' Ah ! you knows it bain't no good to deny it, with Bill boasten about all over the place, and you comen and gammonen ine Oh, you artful old thing 1 And I believes now as how you know'd I'd* money put away was because you went and found it when you'd sent me away.' 'Quite right, Samuel; so I did.' ' Oh, you old witch ! But I'll sarve you out, that I will I I'll tell everybody about you.' 'Be you agoen to tell everybody as you stole Bill's fagots, my son ?' Samuel stopped short in his gesticula tions, and looked down into the room for a moment. The strong gusts of wind coming in blew the candle, and by its wavering light Mrs. Warne looked more witch-like than usual as she peered up at him. The cat's eyes in the dark chim ney corner looked like round green globes; and the bunches of herbs on the rafter swinging backwards and forwards cast lung fantastic shadows on the wall. Then he turned round and walked slowly off, shaking his head and groaning:' Oh! you be a wicked old 'oman 1 that you be !' ' No, Samtnel,' Mrs. Warne called in bland accents after him. ' You means a wise old 'oman !'-Chambers's. 