FEMININE FANCIES. A I ConpnTEpby "Mora.?' Any . ; questions, ; submitted to the conduotress" of this column, J by letter, before Saturday each week, will "be j answered in the following issue of the Abqus. "A lessor;, the French; girl learns, with .her earliest grimmer, , and j we Australians, . with J surprising .difficulty, is scrupulous attention, to thd; details of dress. Well-fitting' gloves,' neatAndsmartiy polished shoes, a veil ex - quis(tely. tied, not a hairs-breadth between the j meeting .place of skirt and waist hand, no I indication of plaqnet hole or pocket, and the I most 'inexpensive' dress receives' " an air," But Reverse' the case, as so many do; and the whole effect of an elaborate costume is destroyed. : .: So far from giving up the ghost, . the J blouse has Acquired a new lease of life. ' An exceptionally' pretty one1 is of soft nainsook; with/tiny pink sprig.; : The: pointed yoke is covered with the . new. white braid lace,.- and the: fulness, :fi;dnt and back, is. evenly plaitbd ih Sit the Waist. TliC hew fburipbinted basqfieuigives ::"the blouse a- most' dresBy'1 . appearance the Bleeve is covered with:. lace-' to tbfl. elbow, .the upper part is very- full,: and fSteudjs; pp.. Wil About the shoulder,; Althpugh'J"d'rppihg sleeves ,are in favor . just' now thd'bighUfabdihg oheS suit best' ihc plain yokei I hAve. just described". . Jn contrast tp.the plaih skirts, bodices are; very plabqru .-BHUs/ fave'.inVfthe fprm .of ; lace epaulettes, "are Ihss "prevalent; than. last; year/ The ydkei thP:lace bib; the' big' bow,' the lkce fi'ohh;, .the: pleated ; vest,1 : are: Among the c&UUgpft; rung on our corsages. ! ' Zouaves are very much", in: farpr,-. both; sleeved and sleeveless, and tbey are certainly cooler than'thh-'obat: I give i A - : description of a very pretty frock.f ; for l.a ' little : girl, from six to twelve, years of age:-— A straight piece of; French grey fould cloth is gathered .into a. yoke of buttercup silk, covered with ivory ediliweis lace of : a very open pattern. A frill Qf the lace finishes the yoke, while the: very full childish sleeve is gathered into a dainty cuff of silk and lace. The skirt is finished with three rows of buttercup braid to match the silk. Grenadine (says a London fashion dicta- trix) grows more and more in iayor, and is now frequently used for purposes to which chiffon was considered indispensable until , quite dately, such as accordeon-pleat'ed foldi on bodices or: fronts, as well as sleeves. '" Al-: together ,a tendency to revive ld materials prevails,! , Alpaca, as well as grenadine, finds a place in fashionable . wardrobes, and 'with the revival of. alpaca, nothing is more cer tain than' the oopiing in pf draped skirts. It seenls pretty 'sure that skirts will con tinue, to be .very wide round the liem, though the fit to the figure above is still regarded Ab one of the mpst important points of a smairt toilet. 'Some1 dressmakers still use a stiff, lining in order to make the folds stand out well from, the ; feet at the ; back. The- new skirts with pleats, down the sides are ; well suited to redundant figures; for though they add to '-the quantity of material below the; waist,- the spreading out' of the pleats imme diately below - takes : from the effects : of \- Now- that sumnjep is coming: so rapidly upon us, and that many places are at. this season favorite haunts for flies, which rival mosquitos in the annoyance they cause to suffering: humanity, readers may be glad, to substitute paper decorations fpr silk, and also to muke some of the inviting contrivances I for luring flies from the mirrors, from the windows, and, more than all, from the .heads . and faces of the occupants of the various rooms in the house. The crinkled tissue paper opens up an infinity of light occupation for young people at a very-, small 'outlay, and by : workers with a true appreci ation of harmony and contrast- in colour I many artistic and useful articles can be provided. The paper is now sojd at very reasonable rates," nearly half the price of a year ago, and in beautiful colors. Some young ladies have made A specialty of flower pot covers in fanoy paper! others: 'have chosen, lamp and candle , shades , as, their specialties ; and others again findi pleasure in holders for toilet accessones, nicknacks l for drawing-rooms or library. Tliose Who ! haye not: used this , pretty material : can j ' scarcely form an idea of ,;the variety of pur1; looses 'to which it msy be applied, but a. short, trial will soon convince 4 any person of its value in numberless- ways. : ' . ' ; In fully three-fourths : of the unusually numerous petitions for: divorce .presented in, Sydney lately, the wives have been the ap plicants, ' Drunkenness and . cruelty .".--t "Jdrunkennes8; add' cruelty1 "-the 'iteration has become positively!painftil| especially aB ilia Aa I i I occtuB ID uavo -uceu IU ev.pi.jr tiaoo I proved! AVhat is at the root of thismiser,- j'able state of things ? " 'Male 'human nature Lis no more radically bad thaii female ; .Borne of our. pessimistic frienas to the oontrary; notwithstanding. The curse of drink will . account for anything but what, in the. first I- place, drive's to . drink? A wriier in the I BailyTelegraph says:—" I should like to I get that question properly settled, not only once, but every . time. In rqany , casss . we I know it is a. hopeless battle. from the first. I The man is a born drunkard, and should npt bp at large to blight' any- woman's dife, good! .bad,: .or .indifferent. In others, it is a gradu- ally. grpiying habit, the natural, concomitant, "of a pleasure-loving, disposition, and the ;de-. j ; sire to be, thought a jolly good fellow. But L some rush to this miserable refuge to 'droWn ' thought, and find relief flrom!domestie : dis comfort, by. increasing it'enfolcLi , These are tb be pitied ; .but the poison in t their blood J -! breeds violence ; and they end, in the di v.or.ce . I ; court like the rest. FerhipA most' of ' these -.very;couples set out'upon their -wedded jour-; ney with life all fair before; them, and plenty of love— op what they, took for it— to make, things bright and easy. They conldn't tell ypu themselves where they parted hands' across the tiny streamlet !that swelled into a : rushing river they, can neyer bridge or- crosa again. . But they, are miserable, undignified I. things, theise marriage failures, ,\yith.all their 1. wretohed' details dragged into' the' light pf, day, for other folk; to gloat- over. Yet when ' : ,twp people, agree to part quietlyi without any 1 fuss, they are denied the privilege." ; , ; 