[?] Vy 7r 1 J - wwyj JjJNMMHfJfff flilmTMJjBjJi i p y v 1WC MWMSSBBImtOi | s BY . % Jean Middlemass iSmSmBmr CHAPTER XXX. — (Continued.) I The subjeot of the heard was not pursued, Sir Clement had got his wife's consent to its jjgjug grown, and that was all he wanted, j Still, Btie was too much token up with her letters to think of anything but them for the AM AVtf j lU'dXUOUVa j " They will be here to-day, Clem," she -r.. . " By 'they' I suppose you mean Elvira and Lady Marcia ?" " Exactly. I am so glad." And the excitement she showed about the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would be infused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about the spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment like Banqao's ghost, and trouble the seemingly even current of his days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected, and by the time they re turned to the hotel the drive through the sweet, balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude good. The travellers had just arrived when they returned, and the greetings were most affec tionate, though naturally tampered with sad ness, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen nnmi'lifir fiinfiA Kat fHfinilR had Iftft hoiTlA. Elvira Delane had quite recovered her I spirits, and Lady Marcia, notwithstanding 1 her supposed ailments, had never lost hers, j so the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered j with much care was done ample justice to, j and though Lady Gertrude said she was very j weary, and would be glad to go to bed, she j was not allowed to brood. j The cheering regimen which Sir Clement had for some time past been prescribing for j her in his mind had began with a vengeance, j Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol- j lowing the fate of many another regimen that has gone before it, would the test be too j Severe for her slender stock ot strength. j It seemed almost like it, for by the time j they allowed her to go off to bed her vitality j was so completely spent that she nearly j fainted when she tried to walk across the I room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. _ I Lady Marcia shook her head anxiously as she saw thsm depart. ' Alas, alas," she said, " where is our bennie blithe Gertrude of lang syne ? Oh for the dava that are crone." " They will return, at all events let us J hope so," said Elvira. " Clement seems de- j voted, why should they not be happy? I When I thought he loved another woman I j doubted that they cculd ever b9 so, but I J think we maligned himr— I believe Gertie is j his only love." j Lady Marcia shrugged her shoulders. j "I don't know what it all means," she I said. " It is beyond you and xne to fathom, but there is something very qneer about Clement, and in consequence about Gertie. Whether she knows what it is or not 1 can not make out, but whatever the trouble, it is j killing her." j " Oh, Lady Marcia, do you not thihk that it is sorrow over the baby's death that is making her ill, and with time she will get over ir, as others have done before her ? " ,l .She was quite as queer before the baby died, and as for hun, can anything lie stranger than his ways? He gives you the iaea ox a man wno is always expecting a j bailiff or some police official to tap him on 1 the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, I and with closed doors, I should have half suspected he had had something to do with 1 poor Fierce Vaughan's death if he had not 1 been almost as queer before it happened." | " Oh, don't," cried Elvira, "pray don't go on ; I shall not sleep a wink if yen puisuoh ideas in my head, and 1 am dreadfully tired. ' ' Thee, womanlike, she asked, " What do you think he had done ?" " Goodness knows ! Got into some trouble before he was married, I daresay, and which I he is always suspecting will come oat and ! make a scandal. But here he comes and with a sudden change of voice and manner, Lady Marcia continued — " I am sure you will like Wiesbaden, dear, it is such a pretty place, and the right sort of people are always to be found here. Seen anyone you know, Clfimant 9" "No. We have been. about so little, it bag been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will be better, now you have come;" " I hope so, indeed. We will do our best to amuse her. We have had a very pleasant time — have met a lot of deair&ble; people." " And some very undesirable ones," put in Elvira. v "Oh, that goes without Baying. Well even the undesirable ones hare their advan tages ; they often amuse you and ciroolate your blood by. making you ; laugh. That oddity who proposed toyon. on "the platform of the railway station, tor example.' "The wretch!" "Huifi>, Elvira,- have you had a posal V1 asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to take an i« their conversation, though hig thoughts Wfito daesrinare- " Ton did not accept him, I hope. What will j Berkeley say ?" J Elvira did not answer, but she colored up j and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though j seeking to find out how much he knew about j her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. j | 44 And then there were those queer people I who arrived at Basle the night before we left. I i A burly north -country parson and an invalid j I wife." Neither could speak a word of any language I than their own, and yet they were both fussy I and loquatious. If Elvira andl had not come j to the rescue, madame would have gone j supperlessto bed, for, no one in the hotel would have understood that the de fooeuf could possibly mean consomme.' " Sir Clement laughed ; still, he looked and felt very uncomfortable. 44 I thought they spoke English now in all the big hotels," he said. " So they do, but the big hotels were full, and we were all in an annexe with raw servants unaccustomed to English people. I And the discomfort that particular couple I would have experienced without our assist- I ance would, I think, have made them return home without delay. Oh, it was funny. 1 1 hope we shall see him again. He gave me his j | card. I wonder what I did with it ?" \ She felt is her pocket and produced a small j | case, from which she drew the object for j I which she was looking — 1 Rev. Abel Singleton. 44 There it is ; look at it, Clement. Such a name — Abel. He lives up to it, too, for he looks like an antediluvian animal." Sir Clement took the card, which trembled in his fingers. So they were at Basle. He was glad to know their whereabouts ; still, ib was a shock to learn chat Lady Marcia and Elvira bad been in direct communication with these dreaded people. 44 We tried to persuade them to come here," went on Lady Marcia, 44 by telling them we were sure it was just the place for an invalid, but they were so bent on Switzerland that we could not move them." How thankful Sir Clement was that they were immovable, who shall say? Still, it was no pleasing contemplation that these I intimate friends of his wile's might any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed that light on his past life which must inevitably ruin him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he cared. Above all, with Lady Gertrude. | Thus thinking of her, he threw Mr Single- J ton's card back to Lady Marcia and- asked : j " How do you think my Gertie is . looking ' — better or worse fcban you expected ?" Lady Marcia, with her usual bluntness, answered straightforwardly : 44 Worse. . If you don' t take care, Clement, she will slip through your fingers. I can't think wb&t; on earth it is that has worried her into condition — but I suppose you know?" 44 Is she worried?" 'Come, come, man, don't pretend — of course she is worried. Do you and she have ! disagreements in private ? You will say that is not my business ; but if anyone gives ma j the idea of an unhappy wife, it is poor, dear Gertie." Oa my honor, Lady Marcia, we have never had a word of disagreement in our lives. We are always most affectionate. H I Gertrude is worried, the cause is unknown to me, except, of course, the poor baby s death, and that is a sorrow, not a worry." She was worried before the baby died. I j was saying so to Eivie only just now. 1 Naturally, I thought you knew all about it." j 'I assure you I know nothing. Ever since £ married her I have made strenuous endeavors to do the best 1 can tor her, and to keep her as much as passible from everything that might annoy qr vex her. Nor do 1 think she is worried, but I fear she is very deli- oate." . And so saying, he laid his' head on the table on his folded hands, and his whole frame shook convulsively. Elvira got np and went to him. ' Good old Clement, she said, don't take cm ; we must cheer no crertie, and she will he all rigai- -nne can t sro on fretting if there is nothing toirei sdoud. He ma nob loox up, oat he took one of his hands from under his head and held it out to isivira. "If ever anything should happen to me you will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley; eh, Elvira?" She cud net answer for a moment. The coupluar ox ner name with that of Sir Miles ! Berkeley btortied her, hut she pressed Sir I Clement'B axtenqea hand. I Ihenohe if iecrto toss the subject from her. I " Why do you talk like that to frighten I one. Nothing is the matter with you. It is I Gertrnde who is in danger, not ybu.M | " We never know where dagger lies,'1 he 1 answered. " Only promise me you will look I after Gertrnde.' ; . I "Of course! will, but to goodness sake I don't let behave toy morediBmaT eon versa « I tion to-night. We tolk abofit horrors until I we-imagxne they really 'eafe J " Yes, " said Itody M&si;, xising. u Let us go to bed, and gat hp in the morning preparedto enjthtedelightfalplaoe." And so they -left him, both tmnki|ig thev -hud discovered where the miaohief lay. Sir Element h«d.jgome mortal malady, and Lady Gertrude knew 6? ghoaeed of it. Ay, so he had, Imt not of the sort they sus pected. If Singleton followed him ip and .chattered out the x most ghastly -.psiat, there would be nothing for it bnt suicide. - Was that to be the end? he wondered. And how Belfiah an end ! Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brunt of the revelations that would be made ? Danger for Gertrude. What did Elvira mean by danger to Gertrude ? Did she think she was going to die ? His Gertrude to be token from him, as the child had been, as everything he loved in life wonld be taken in punishment tor his sin. With Gertrude's death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woe, it would be all the same to him then — Singleton might eay his say, the law might do ibB worst. When morning dawned Clement Danraven was still sitting there thinking out the pro- i blem of the future ; nor was he aroused from | the miserable contemplation of what might j one day Happen, until Lady Gertrude herself, in a long, white, trailing gown, stood on the threshold of the door, eo startling him by her spectre-like appearance, that the strong man cried aloud in fear. CHAPTER XXXI. — As Incurable ! Malady? i " Hotel du Pare, Wissbaden. j Dear Sir Miles, — A letter from me will, I imagine, be very | unexpected by you, but as I told you before, I woman's moods vary. And a still greater j surprise awaits you, since I say, Do come here at once.' I shall be very much relieved to see you again, my old friend ; and so will | Lady Marcia. It is not for our selfish I pleasure that I am asking you to take this | long journey, but because we both think that your presence here will be of real benefit to j Clement Danraven, who seems to me to be ready to commit an awful act from sheer des- pair. He has taken to a beard, which is never combed or trimmed, dresses in a I slovenly fashion, wears whimsical Tyrolean hats, and is altogether as unlike the trim j highly- civilised specimen of masculinity we used to know, as a man can possibly be. No one would recognise him, and I cannot help j thinking tiiat be is going out of his mind. As for Lady Gertrnde, she gets weaker and more inert every day. If this state of affairs goes I on, sho cannot live long, and the worse she I looks the madder Clement becomes. Lady | Marcia and I are having a real bad time of it, j and I can think of no alternative but to ask | you to come. It does not sound complimen- 1 tary, and yet it is — for if I did not regard you j as a trae friend, I should not turn to you in trouble. So please come and be kind. I will j I be nice to you, indeed I will, bnt do not try ; to bind me by nasty promises which may be | hard to keep. Lady Marcia sends you no | end of messages. The Dunravena do not j know I am writing, j " Ever your loyal friend, J " Elvira Delane." | Sir Miles was sitting in the Snuggery I library when this slapdash, wayward com- | munieation was given to him. He had just | been wondering why he had not heard from j Sir Clement, and was considering whether it j would be wise to start off to Wiesbaden and I gee what was going on. I ITKa fKormAmofAv aI liia fintTlffl PORfi Rl&RV; degrees when he saw Elvira's writing, bat it j fell again somewhat when he read the letter, j He loved Elvira as he would never love j another woman, Mid was prepared to woo her persistently ; still, he felt he was a very j long way from having won her, since he j was compelled to own that Elvira was quite capable of sending to him as a friend, and yet, having used his services, of dismissing j him as alover. I However, here was a point gained. He j would be near her, he would see her every | day, and do her bidding in everything- It would be strange if — fortune favoring him — he did not conquer her in the end. j Would Sir Miles have cared as much tor j Elvira Delane if she had been more easily j subjugated ? Probably not ; most men love 1 the difficult. j After a few minutes he got up and rang J the bell, taking hlrogfflf meanwhile severely j to task for having forgotten his friend Dan- I raven, and the lamentable condition in which j Miss Delane described him to be. j When the servant entered he was desired to tell Mrs Bett to pack SirMileB s things, as J he was going abroad for a few weeks. Sir Miles had never indulged in the luxury of a valet. Since childhood faithful old Bett had waited on him, and as long as I she was able to do so, he would, he said, have no one else. -The servant merely asked when Sir Miles Intended to start, and bring told by the fbiir o'clock train, and that he weuld take the night express' from Victoria; the prepara- j tions, so far as Sir Miles was personally con- j | cerned, were at an end. j Mrs Bett would not let " her boy," as she I still called him to herself, go without every- I thing that he could possibly require, es- 1 pecially as she had a shrewd eupicion that he | would not be very long before he joined Miss I Delane. j Old Bett might not, perhaps, have been I quite so much elated over Ms departure had I she known that as eobii as he had given his order he betook himself to Lisbeth 8 cottage J to say a few words of farewell, and tell her 1 someofthe ooBtents of his letter. _ j Ab usual, he found her busy in her little j kitchen. Since the Dunravena left, now nearly six weeks ago, Lisbeth had felt calmer mid less worried, and her domestic duties had received her undivided attention# the monotonous routine of hereverydaylife being j only occasionally interrupted, by r calls from Die Watson, who never made any charge for visiting tile patients under Lisbeth V<»re, and fchxef ore considered he had a perfect right to ebme and look after them as ofteu as he ' pleased. He neveryet said a word to Lisbeth that demanded yes or no forTananswer j there was always something to her mahner thst re- pelled him whenever he arrived with the full intention of speaking oat, and he went bh tiring from Ihtte to time--r-xety mueh'fike Siitl Miles-ten hope. . Lifebsth had bsgnii almost to dread the good little doctor's visits, and wlien she heard a man's step coming through the wilderness at. the back of the cottage she trembied. Great was her delight, then, to find that the visitor was only Sir Miles Berkeley. Truly glad was she to hear that he was going to Start for Wiesbaden, for the state of misery existing there was no secret to Lis- betb, who had had several letters from Glement Dunyaven. They sat for a long time talking, ah<T Lisbeth learned, if she had ndt guessed it before, the secret of Sir Miles's love for Elvira Delane ; and ah$ was so sym pathetic in the matter, that Sir Miles re gretted that he had not made a confidante of her earlier. j He would have sat there discoursing on- Miss Elvira Delane for hours, had not the grandfather's clock in the oorher reminded him that he most be getting back to the. Snuggery if he intended to catch the four o'clock train. Jim Glendinning was, as usual, sitting in the porch. He would just saw a word to him and be off. Sir Miles and Lisbeth had been too much taken up with their own conversation to see J that Glendinning had already got a com panion, and they were, therefore, not a little surprised to fiud him talking to Dr Watson, j Whether Sir Miles's visit to Lisbeth that j day was to her advantage or disadvantage, j he— totally unconscious of ' what was going ! on — did not consider, but it had the effect . of -. making the little doctor silent for many a ; month to come, and for that lisbetb would 1 have blessed Miles Berkeley if she had no I other cause to be grateful to him. When fee reached the Snuggery he found, - as he had expected, everything prepared, even the " trap" at the door to take him to the station. Arrived in London, he sent, a 11 wire" to S Elvira in answer to her letter. "Starting to-night. Travriling straight | through." The promptness with which he obeyed her | summons pleased this exigeant little lady ; as much as his previous silence had done, of | which, truth to tell, she had been growing I rather weary. It was evident that Sir Miles Berkeley, was exhibiting an amount of tact in connection I with this iove affair that none of his intimates ' would have given him credit for. Nor, had the matter been thoroughly sifted, could his | present behavior be exactly called tact. He | was merely simple, natural and' earnest, and | simplicity and honesty were apparently I destined to win the day ; for Elvira — without lady Marcia, to whom she had not confided her intention, but only accompanied by her maid— was at the station to meet him. She received him, too, quite warmly. 'So good of you to come at once. I am a lucky girl to have so true a friend. I am afraid you must be terribly tired. We. have engaged a room for you at our hotel. Only Lady Marcia knew you were coming; wehave not told the Dunravens. Yes, go in the cab with the luearase. I will walk back with the maid ; it is not far." j I Tired, how could he be tired when a walk I J with Elvira was in the question. | " No, I have had quite enough of stuffy j, I carriages. I shall prefer to walk. It. will 1; I refresh me." t | 4 And perhaps they will drive the . luggage I to Frankfort, and you will have it all j J stolen." . _ I He laughed, and said he believed in Gar- j I man honesty, and the end of the discussion 1 I wa3 that the maid went with the Fuggage, J and Sir Miles wanxea wnn e,ivu». -u-v w t happy they both felt. Ay, both until Elvira saw Sir Miles again after an absence of some four months, she did not know how realiv glad she would feel when she locked into his honest eyes, and what a privilege It i was for a woman to be loved by. such a loyal, j really good fellow. A qualm of conscience ought to have reminded her that she had been playing a little bit fast and loose with him, .but she was too light- hearted to do otherwise " than assure herself that it was most beneficial. | to a man first to be proved wb.eth.er he were i j worthy or unworthy ; and, as she supposed she would have to marry him ia the end, | what mattered a little torture, since it would j conduce to happiness hereafter. That Elvira could have worked out this I reasoning to her own satisfaction, or that of. anyone else, is doubtful. Auyway she . did not try, she merely enjoyed the possession of r t-bia man's devotion, and decided to go on- for j a while on the plan which had hither ta been j so successful. t ! Gf course, under the circumstances that had I ..n.j o;. ITilaa 4-n Wi Ash dart, thp.v flOTll li not devote their thoughts and conversation solely J to their own affairs, nor did Elvira wish that it should be so. She was very thankful to have the mutually interesting topic of the Dunravens to prevent Sir Miles from being j too direct in his attentions to herself. _ 1 And in good sooth he was not ehamming.au 1 interest that he- did not feel.; ha was so exceedingly sympathetic about his friend's j i trouble that his own happiness .at finding j 'himself by Elvira's side was considerably j dashed. j "Do you really think tht Dunraveuis goinar off liis head?" he asked. ft I don't know what to think. He talks! rationally enough, but his appearance is no .changed you will scarcely know him. He has made a pefeot mountebank of himself." "What does Lady Gertrude say about lit?" . " Poor Gertrude ! She is so- ill, she says, very little. I do not thihk she notices much she seems to get. worse and worse every t I » Ah, if that poor little hoy had not died.' j | 44 1 do not think it is altogether the hoy's J death that is .fretting Gertrude. I am snre there is something wrong about Sir Clement and she knows it. Lady Mareia and I fancy, perhaps, he has got some incurable malady." This was anew light to Sir Miles Berkeley, and one which he was not altogether inclined j to accept. He had seen tor same time bast that trouble wan hanging over the friend of his boyhood, but he did hot think it was in I the iorm of an inourable malady. However, I of course, he coald not tell what might have developed sinoe they parted. He must 1 reserve his opinion. , . J Lady Marcia for once in her lire had I managed to put a check on her chattering 1 proclivities end had hot said a word about Nhewniing of Sir Milgs Hexkriej;. / Great, then.' Wna tiie surprise when, aceompaniriiby Elvira, he walked into the joint rittingroom of the little party. Even Lady Gertrude, who was lying on the sofa, rOuSed herself as she very seldom did now, and welcomed him with exceeding cordiality. But, prepared | though he had been by Elvira, Sir Miles was aghast at what he saw. PerhapB he had thought that her illness had been somewhat exaggerated, and found to bis regret that I this was not the case. The appearance of his friend, too, gave him cause for very grave apprehension. As Elvira had said — j " Where was the smart, well- got- up Sir Clement Danraven, who had until now been j in his dress and appointment a typical Eng- ! lish gentleman P" I No ; iiir Miles would not have known Mm I had he met him unexpectedly. . As for the beard, it had grown so quiokly and so grotesquely that there was reason for shrewd suspicion that it was not altogether real. Sir Miles looked at Sir Clement so keenly that tii a wretched man colored beneath his gaze, and devoutly wished that Miles Berkeley had stayed at the Snuggery, rinoe he was much more likely than the ladies to interfere with the masquerading which was the outcome of Sir Clement's constant fear lest he should meet the Rev. Abel Single ton. That his brain, not his body, was affected with some perchance incurable malady was L the fiec-ision at which Sic Miles arrived during | the first half hour he was in that room. I And he was not very far wrong. What I man can suffer so in tens sly or ceaselessly I from the pangs of remorse as did Clement | Danraven withput the brain becoming more I or less affected ? j Nevertheless, Sir Clement was perfectly j sane on all subjects that had no reference to j that insupportable dread of discovery whioh j Was making his life a burden to him. Above | all, he was very sane in his strong objection j to the way ih which he considered that j Elvira was playing with 44 that good fellow# j Berkeley." j Naturally he supposed that Sir Miles had j come to Wiesbaden solely on Elvira's ac- | count. He never suspected that he had been j made the excuse for his coming. He wonld 1 persistently have pooh-poohed such a sug- i gestion, and he wonld have been fairly j right. If Elvira had not wanted Sir Miles, I very assuredly she wonld not have sent for | him. j (TO BE CONTINUED.) 