CHAPTER XVIII. THE STOBM FROM THE OTHER SHOBE, She met him on the hill slope with a cry of joy, and kiBsed him. It came into his mind to-draw away, but he could not, and be kissed her back. Then she linked her arra'ia his, and they turned down the beach. i " I'm glad you've come," he began. " Did you ever dream I wouldn't?' She said. Her face was u euiile; her voioe was an eager whisper. " I have something to say to you Kate-it is something serious." " Is it so V she said. " So very serious f She wus laughing and blushing together. Didn't she know what he wus going to say? Didn't Bhe guess what this serious something must be 1 To prolong the delicious suspense before hearing it, she pretended to be atoorbed in the things about her. She looked aside at the sea, and up at the banks, and down at the little dubbs of salt water as she skipped across them, crying out at sight of the sea-holly, the anemone, and the sea mouse shining like lire* but still holding to Philip's arm and bounding and throbbing on it " You muBt be quiet, dear, and listen," he Mid. "Oh, I'll be good-bo very good,".she said. " But look ! only look at the white horses ouf yonder-far qj»t beyond the Bteamer. * Davy's putting oii th® «oppere for. the parson,' eh ?" She caught the grave expression of Philip's face, and drew herself up with pretended severity, saying. " Be quiet, Katey. Behave yourself. Philip wants to talk to you seriously-very seriously." Then, leaning forward with head aside to, look up into 4ns face.'ajie said, " Well)?Sir," why don't you begin? Perhaps you think j I'll cry out. I won't-I promise you 1 won't." But she grew uneasy at the sealed gravity of hie face, and the joy gradually died off her own. 'When Philip spoke, his voice was like a crackedcchb of itself. " You remembor wliat youifflid, Kate, when I brought you that last letter from Kimber ley-that if next morning you found it was a mistake " " Is it a mistake ?" .she asked. " Be calm, Kate." ? "I am quite calm, dear. I remember.! said it would kill me. But I was very foolish. I should not Bay so now. Is Pete alive?" She spoke without a tremor, and he answered in a husky whisper, " Yes." Then, in a breaking voice, he s«id, We were very foolish,...Kate-jumping so hastily to a .conclusion "was very foolish-it was worse than foolish, it was wicked. I half donbted the letter at the time, but, God for give me, I wanted to believe it, and so-r-" "I am glad P-ete is living," she said, quietly. lie was aghast at her calmness. The irregular lines in his face showed the dis ordered state of his soul, but she walked by his side without the quiver of an eyelid, or a tinge of colour more than usual. Had she understood ? " Look!" he said, and he drew Pete's tele gram from his pocket and gave it to her. She opened it easily, and he watched her while she read it, prepared for a cry, and ready to put his arms about her if she lell. But there was not a movement, save the motion of her fingers, not a sound except the creaking of the thin paper. lie turned his head away. The sun was shining : there was a steely light on the iirs ; the surf was now 011 the rocks. " Well?" she said. " Kate, you astonish me." said Philip, " This comes on us like a thundercloud, and you seem not to realise it." She put her arms about his neck, and the Daper rustled on his shoulder. My dar ling," she said, " do you lo re me still Y" " You know I love you, but " "Then there is no thundercloud in heaven for me now," she said. The simple grandeur of the girl's love shamed him. Its trust, its conlidenee, its indifference to all the evil chance of life if only he loved her still, this had been beyond hiiu. But he disengaged her arins and said, " We must not live in a fool's paradise, Kate. You promised yourself to Pete " " But, Philip," she said, " that was when I was a child. It was only a half promise then, and I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know what love was. All that came later, dearest, much later-you know when." " To Pete it is the same thing, Kate," said Philip. "He is coming home to claim you--" She stopped him by getting in front of him and saying, with face down, smoothing his sleeve as she spoke, "You are a man; Philip, and you vaiinot understand. How can you, and tow can I tell you? When a girl iB not a woman, but only a chili, she is a different person. She oan't love anybody then-not really-not to say love, and the Fromises she makes can't count. It was not that promised myself to l'ete-if I did pro mise. It'was my little sister-the little sister that was me long, long ago, but is now gone -put to sleep inside me somewhere-is that very foolish, darling f' "Bdt think of Pete," 6aid Philip; "think of him goiug away for love of you, li\ing five .yeara abroad, toiling, slaviug, saving, encountering perils, perhaps privations, ana all for you-all, all for love of you. Then think of him coming home with his heart full of !you, buoyed uo with the hope of you, thirsting, starving, and yearning for you, anrl finding you lost to him, dead to him, worse than dead-it will kill him, Kate," She was unmoved by the picture. " I am very sorry, but I do not love him," she said quietly. " I am sorry-what else can a girl be when she does not love a young man ?" " He left me to take care of you, too, and you see-you see by the telegram-he is coming home with faith in my loyalty, How can I tell him that I have broken my trust? How can I meet him and explain--" " / know, Philip. Say we heard he was dead and " "That would be too wretched. It's only three weeks since the letter came-and it would not be true, Kate-it would revolt me." - - She lifted ber eyes in a fond look of shame faced love, and said again, " / know, then -lay the blame on me, Philip. What do I care? Say it was all my fault, and I made you love me. / shan't care for anybody's talk. And it's true, isn't'it? Partly true, eh?" " If I talked, to Pete of temptation I should despise myself," said Philip ; and then she threw her head up and BAid proudly: " Very well,*tell thetruth itself-the simple truth. Philip. Say we tried to be faithful and loyal, and oil that, and could not, be cause we loved each other, and there was no help for it." "If I tell .him, the truth I shall die of shame," said-Philip. " Oh, there ie no way out of this .miserable tangle. Whether I cover myself with deceit, or strip myself 'of evasion, I shall stain my soul for ever. I shall become a base man, and year by year sink lower and lower iti the mire of lies and deceit." She listened with her eyes fixed on his quivering face, and her eyelids fluttered, and tier fond looks began to be afraid. " Say that we married," he continued, " we should never fontet that yon had broken your promise and I my trust. That memory would haunt as as long as we lived. We should never know one moment's happiness or one moment's peace. Pete would be a broken-hearted man, perhaps a wreck, perhaps-who knows?-dead of his own hand. He1 would be the ghost between us always." " And do yon think I should be nfraid of that?" she said; " Indeed, no. If you were with me,' Philip, and loved me still, I should not care for all-the spirits of heaven itself." Her face was aapale as death now, but her great eyes were sinning. "Our love would fail us, Kate," said Philip. "The sense of our guilt would kill it Iiow couldwe go on loving eaoh other with a thing Iikie.that>bout us all day and all night-sitting iat our table-listening to our talk-standing by our bed ? Oh, merciful God 1" The terror of bis vision mastered him, and he Covered his woe with both hands. She drew tbemdowa again and held them in & \- - . - - V. tight lock in her fingerg. But the stony .Hght of his eyes was jnore fearful to look upon, and she said in a troubled voice, "..Do you mean, Philip, that- we should not marry?" lie did not answer, .and she repeated the question, looking up into,'his face like a criminal waiting for nis/sentence -her head bent forward and htfr month open. "We cannot," he uaytterea. ",God help us,!.w^jJare not," he said ; and then he tried ?to show her again how their marriage was impossible, now that Pete had come, without treason and shame and misery: But, his words frayed off into silence. Hejoaught the look of her eyes", and it WAS like the piteous look of the latnb under the haji% butcher. . ^ '..r-. ." , "Is'tliat vhatyou feame totell me, Bhe askea.'- . His: reply.died in his throat. She divined rather than heard it. Her doom had fallen on her, but she did not cry out. She did not yet realise,in all its fulness what had happened. It was like a bullet-wound in battle ; first a ? sense of air, almost of relief, then a pang, and then overwhelming agony. They had been walking again, but she slid in front of him as she had done before. Her arms crept up his breast with a caressing touch, and linked themselves behind his neck. "This is only a jest, dearest," she said, " some test of my love, perhaps. You wished to make sure of me-quite, auite sure-now that Pete is alive and coming home. But, you see, I wantonly one to love me, only one. dear, Come now, confess. Don't be atraid to feay you have been playing with me. I shan't be angry with you. "Oomie, speak to me." lie oould not utter a word, and she let her arms fall from.his nvclc; and they walked on ^ide by Bide, both staring out to sea. The English mountains were black by this time. A tempest was raging on the other shore, though the air on this side was as soft as human breath. Presently she stopped, her feet scraped the gravel, and she exclaimed in a husky tone, " I know what it is. It is not Pete. I am in your way. That's it. You can't get on with me about you. I am not fit for you. The distance between us is too great" He struggled to'deny it, but he could not. It was part of the truth. He knew too well how near to being the whole truth it was. Pete had come at the last moment to cover up his conscience, but Kate was stripping it naked and showing liini the skeleton. " It's all very well for yon." she cried, " but where am 1? Why didn't you leave me alone? Why did vou encourage me? Yes, indeed, encourage me. Didn't you say, though & woman couldn't raise herself in lifej a man could lift her up if he only loved her? And didn't you tell me there was neither below nor above wliere there was true likine. and that if a woman belonged to some one, and some one belonged to her, it was God's sign that they were equal, and everything else was nothing-pride was no thing" and position was nothing and the whole world was nothing ? But now I know different. The world is between us. It always has been between us, and you can never belong to me. You will go on and rise up, and I will be left behind." Then she broke into frightful laughter. " Oh, I have been a fool! How I dreamt of being happy. 1 knew I was only a poor ignorant thine, but I saw myself lifted up by the one I loved. And now I am to be left alone. Oh, it. is awful ! Why did you deceive me!* Yes, deceive me! Isn't that deceiving me ? You deceived mc when you led me to think that you loved me more than all.the world. You don't! It. is the world itself you love, and Pete is only your excuse." As she Bpoke Bhe clutched at his arms, his hands, his breast, and at her own throat, as if something were strangling her. He did not answer her reproaches, for he knew well what they were. They were the bitter cry of her groat love, her great miser}', and her great jealousy of the world-the merciless and mysterious power that was luring him away. After awhile his silence .touclied her. and she came up to him, full of remorse, and said, " No, no, Philip, you have nothing to reproach yourself with. You did not deceive me at all. I deceived myself. It was my own fault. I led you on-1 know that And yet I've been saying these cruel things. You'll forgive me, though, will you not? A girl can't help it sometimes, Philip. Are you crying? You are not crying, are you? Kiss me, Philip, and forgive me. You can do that, can't you?" She asked like a child, with her face up and her lips apart lie was about to yield, and was reaching forward to touch her fore head, when suddenly the child became the woman, and she leapt upon his breast, and held him fervently, her blood surging, her bosom exulting, her eyes flaming, and her passionate voice crying, " Philip, you are mine. No, I will not release you. I don't care about your plans-you shail give them up. I don't care about your trust -you shall break it. I don't care about Pete coming let him come. The world can do without you-I cannot. You are mine, Philip, and I am your's, and nobody else's, and never will be. Yo.u muat come back to me, sooner or later, if you go away. I know it, I feel it, it's in my heart. But I'll never let you go. I <an't, 1 can't. Haven't I a right to you? Yes, I have a right. Don't you remember? . . . Can you ever forget? . . . My hus band F The last word came muffled from liis ?breast, where she had buried her head in the convulsions of her trembling at the moment when her modesty went down'in the fierce battlewith a. higher pain. Butthe plea which seemed to give her the right to cling the closer made the man to draw apart It was the old deep tragedy ot human l'ove-the ancient inequality in the bond of man and woman. What she had thought her csnquesthad been her vanquishinent He could not help it her last word had killed everything. "Oh, God," he'groaned, "that is the worst of all." "Philip/* she cried, "what do you mean ?" " I mean that neither can I tnarry you, nor can you marry Pete. You wonld carry to him your love of me, and bit by bitlie would find it out, and it would kill him. It would kill you, too, for you have called me your IIUB band, and you could never, never, never for <t * °on 4 Wflnt to marry Pete," she said. If I m not to marry you, I don't wany to marry anyone.- But do you mean that I must not marry at all-that I never can how that " The word failed her, and his answer catnc thick and indistinct " Yes." " And yon, Philip? What about your self?" - '. As there is no other man for you, Kate," he Boid, so there is no other woman for me. We must go throuKh the world alone. We have ^sinned, and wd most talce the scourge of God." . " Is this my punishment?" It ts the punishment of both, Kate, the punishtnent of both alike." Kate stopped her breathing. Her clenohed hands Blackened nwny from'hiB neck and she stepped back from him, shudderm/with remorse, Mid Jclespair, and shaifte. She saw herself now for the first time fallen woman Never before had her sin touched her smi It WAS at that tiioment she fell* They had come up to the cave by this time and Blie Bftt on the stone at the ftouth of it in a great outburst of.weepinjj.lt tore his heart to hear her.- The voice of her weeninir yas like thejdiatressfol cry of the fjaughtered lamb. He haa to wrestle with -himself m>fc to take her in .his arms atvJ comfort' her Th« fitof Wars spent itself at length, and after1 a time she drew aygreat breath «nd-was auief Then she lifted ¥erf|*w^d-ita4S® of the autumn sun smote her <jotoutf&8 inn and swollen eyes. When she 'spoke again it was like one whb was speaking in her sleep or under the spell of someone who had magnetised her. " Well, if you wish it I must release you " she said. " It is wrong ot me to think so much of myself, as it that were everything. I ought to feel sorry for you too, You must be driven to it" or you Would heVer be BO cruel." With his face to the sea he mumbled some thing about Pete, and she caught up the name and said, " Yes, and Pete too. As you think it would be wrong to Pete, I will not hold to you. Oh, it will be wrong to me as well! Hut I will not give you the pain of turning a deaf ear to my troubles any more." She was struggling with a pitiless hope that perhaps she might regain him after all. " If I "give him up," thought," " lie will love" me for itund then with a sad ring in her voice she said, " You will go on and be a great man now, for you'll not have me to hold you back." " For pity's sake, say no more of that," he said, but she paid no heed. , < " I used to think it a wonderful thing to be loved by a great man. I don't now. It is terrible. If I could only have you to myself! If you could only be nothing to anybody else! You would be everything to me, and what should I care then?" Between torture and love he had almost broken down at that, but he gripped his breast and turned half aside, for his eyes were streaming. She came up to him and touched with the tips of her fingers the hand that hung by his side, and said in a voice like a child's, ." Fancy! This is the end of everything, and when we part now we are to meet no more. Not the same way at all-not as we have met. You will be like anybody else to me, and I will be like anybody else to you. Miss Cregppn, that will be my name, and you will be Mr. Christian. When you see me you'll say to yoarself, 'Yes, poor thing; long ago, when she was a girl, 1 made her love me. Nobody ever loved me like that.' And fancy! when you pass me in the street you will' not even look my way. You won't, will you! No-no, it will be better not. Good-bye!" Her simple tenderness almost stifled him. lie had to hold his under lip with his teeth to keep back the cry that was bursting from his tongae. ' At last he could bear it no longer, and he broke out, "Would to God we had never loved each other! Would to God we had never met!" But she answered with the same childish sweetness, "Don't say that, Philip. We have had some happy hours together. I would rather be parted from you like this, though it is so hard, so cruel, than never to have met you at all. Isn't it something for me to think of, that the truest, cleverest, noblest man in all the world has loved mei . . ;. Good-bye! -. . . Good-bye!" Ilis heart bled, his heart cried, but he uttered no sound. They were side by side. She let his hand slip from the tip's of her fingers, and drew .silently away. At three paces apart she paused, but he gave no sign. She climbed the low brow of the hill slowly, very slowly, trying to command her threat, which was fluttering, and looking back through her teats as she went. Philip heard the sliingle slip, under her teet while she toiled the cliff, and when she reached the top the soft thud on the turf seemed to beat on his heart. She stood there a moment against the sky, waiting for a sound from the shore, a cry, a word, the lifting of a hand, a sob, a sigh, her own name, " Kate," and she was ready to fly back even then, wounded and humiliated as she was, a poor torn bird that had been straggling in the lime. Hut no, he was silent ana motionless, and she disappeared behind the hill. He saw her^o, and all tliie light of heaven went with her. It was so fur back home, so much farther than. it had been to come. The course is short and easy going out to sea when the tide is with you, and the water is smooth, and the sun is shining, but long and hard coming back to harbour, when the waves have risen, and the sky is low, and the wind is on your bow. So far, bo very fur. She thought everybody looked at her and knew her for what she was -a broken, forsaken, fallen woman. And she was so tired too; she wondered if her limbs would carry her. After the chase is done the stricken deer goes halting home to lick its wounds and die. When Philip was left alone the Bky seemed to be lying on his shoulders. The Jiiiglish mountAiiiB were'grey and ghostly now, ana the storm, which had spent itself on the other coast, seemed to hang over the island. There were breakers where the long dead sea had been, and the petrel outside was scudding close to the white curves, and utter ing its dismalnotc. , , So heavy and confused had the storm ana wreck of the last hour left liitn that he dia not at first observe by the backward tail ox smoke that'the steamer had passed round tne Head, and that' the cart he had met at the .mouth of the port liad come back empty to the cave for another load of Ben-wracK. The lobster fisher, too hod beached his boat near by, and was shouting through tne hollow air, wherein any noise seemea to echo with a sepulchral quake, lhe,blo«c was gone whistling at the _ mast-head. We'll nave a squall I waB thinking, bo in * came.". , tt« That night Philip dreamt a dream. «« was sitting on a daw with a wooden canopy above him, the English wat of armsbehm i and a great book in iront; his hands Bh(>o as he turned the leaves» he felt his leg bang heavily; people bowed low to him, on dropped their voices in his presence: he: w the Deemster, and he was old. . A joung ?WQman stood in the dock, dripping water tro her hair, and she had covered ner tnce w herhancU. In theyitnw-box a young was standing, and his head was down, man had delivered the woman to dishonour, and she bad attempted.herhfi in her si P and her despair.; And Jookin^ on^toe lift^^ hrod and the face. Then Philip awoke vjw * 'fESfhta serf am, for the; own»- - 