GATHERED RUE. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. CHAPTER XVIII. ' WHO HATETH THEE THAT I DO CALL MY FBIEND ?" BY ELLEHTON GAT, Author of "Drifting under the Southern CrosB," " Across the Gulf," &o.; On rare occasions Basil Tremayne had been known fco give way to violent passion— pasBion that would carry him into extremes of speech and conduct whioh he was the first to deplore immediately afterwards. Perhaps not more than three times in his life had he been wholly oarried beyohd his own control by these fits of passion, but each time they had been caused by something impersonal, affecting himself only in an abstract sense, as any base aotion must have done. On the afternoon of the debate on the new Immigration Bill he had spoken shortly but brilliantly. When the House adjourned for the dinnerhour he mounted the horse which he kept in some stables close at hand and rode home to dine, with the intention of not attending the evening sitting. He rode quickly, knowing that as he was notexpeoted they would not wait for him. He was excited with the attention and applause with which his thoughtful speeoh had been received, and had forgotten for the moment the coldness that had been growing in Mora's treatment of him. Though he was curiously retioent of speeoh and careBs, every thought of his heart was for Mora. He loved her with an intensity of devotion which would not admit any thought or possibility of ohange. " How do I know you love me when you never tell me so?" Mora used to say to him. '' You know it because I am thesameBasil who onoe told you so on tbe deck of the Samaroug one evening. You believed it was true then ? It is a thousand times more so now—if a truth can ever be more than true !" he told her and she knew he meant it. Sinoe his return this time it seemed never to have occurred to her to ask him if he loved her ; he felt as he rode home tbiB evening that there bad been something wanting, but he would not wait for her to ask; he would take her in his arms and say a thousand times, " I love you, I love you !" and kiss har eyes and hair and mouth with every word. Ah, how he loved hiB sweet wife ! And Margot should go off to sohool, of course her eduoation must be finished and there would be plenty of time to think of where she should live when she was about eighteen — girls marry so young, sho might find a husband and be no more anxiety to him. His happy reveries were disturbed by seeing from afar some one ride out of their gate. With the quick observation of a bushman be recognised the horse aB one that had belonged to a friend; in a few strides he recognised the rider as Geoffrey Underwood, in spite of the years that had passed sinoe they last met. He pulled up with an imperious gesture that the other would have disregarded if he could, but the way was praotioally barred. Underwood reined in hiB horse with an unpleasant smile on bis lips. " How do you do, Tremayne ? I am pleaaed to meet you again," he said lightly, for Basil glared at him in silence. "You have oome from my house," Basil Baid at length, fingering his slight rhinooeroshorn whip nervously, but with meaning. "You are not welcome there; I will trouble you never to come again." "Not welcome!" exclaimed the other in feigned surprise, " I aBBure you that you are mistaken. Mrs. Tremayne has made me especially welcome. I have bsen a constant visitor at her house for many weeks, and have spent the happiest hours of my life in the sooiety of your—wife." There was something so insulting in tbe tone and manner of this speeoh that Basil was beside himself with rage. With difficulty he controlled his voice sufficiently to say in a bitter tone— " in future she and I decline the honour of your acquaintance. You are aware what reason I have to regard you with contempt and dislike" " Is she ? Is Mrs. Tremayne aware of what yon choose to oall your reasonB? I think not. I think also that you may not oare to give them ! Please yourself. Mrs. Tremayne is a young woman of keen intelligence and will probably demand an explanation." "That has nothing to do with you. sir. I desire that you oome no more to my house." Basil spoke sternly, then putting spurs to his horse left his antagonist with his set smile ohanged to an evil frown. Mora was on the verandah, still in ber riding- habit, but without her hat and gloves, which lay with her whip on one of the chairs. A tea-table was drawn up to a cane lounge, on which those who had partaken of the refreshing beverage must have sat together. Margot was crouohing in a large chair at a little distance, reading. Basil rode up at an unusually rapid pace, taking in tbe details on the verandah with one quick glance. He flung himself off his horse, left the reins dangling, and the animal at liberty to trample over the flower-beds, or go where be liked. His face looked set and stern, his dark eyes flashed ominously. "I met that man Undsrwood coming out of this gate," he said. "Yes, he has been riding with me," Mora said, noticing nothing at first unusual in his voice or manner, and passing by the offensive addition of 'that man' to Underwood's name. "We left Honor at her own house, and he rode home with me." "He stayed a very long time," ejaculated Margot in a low but incisive tone, and without looking up from her book. "I intimated to him in the strongest terms that I had no desire to see him in my house," he said in a voioe ohoked with passion. " I have promised to ride with him tomorrow," Mora put in firmly. " What reason have you for forbidding him the house? " I have a very good and very ample reason, which it is not necessary I should impart to you. It is only necessary to inform you that it exists." "It is necessary,"she said coldly. "If you dont tell me I shall not feel bound to obey your—whim." " Whim ! ohild, you do not know what yon are talking of. He is—everything that I despise most on earth, and I do not choose that my wife should assooiate with him." "Very well, then, if you refuse to tail me why I shall demand an explanation of your enmity from Geoffrey Underwood and aocept his version." Mora had fuily realized that her husband was in a passion; but she, too, had lost oontrol of herself, and said the words that came uppermost without thought of their cruelty and treason. "He spoke low on purpose that I should not hear what he Baid," Margot interposed in a voice eiie determined shculd be audible above the impending storm. Her words had scarcely the effect she anticipated. Basil went U, her, pulled her with bome violence out of her chair, and ordered her in a terrible voice to go to her room. She obeyed him in sullen silence, giving Mora a scowl of hate. " You will not take my word for it that that man is not a fit person to associate with my wife'! Then, Mora, I have nothing more to say. My Gad! To think of that wretch daring to speak to you, to sit there olose beside ycu and to have the impertinence to speak words in your ear that were not meant for another to hear. It is too much. 1 swear by all I hold sacred that I will not stand it. Yoj shall obey me in thie." " If you have such irrefragable reasons surely you can impart theai to me. I will obey you when I lcuow what it is I am to avoid, but not like a child doing what it is ordered to do." " I will not tell you. If you had consented first and asked me afterwards I would have told you—though the hearing would be aa painful to you perhaps as the telling would be to nie." '' Then you make too many mysteries for my peaoe aud happiness. I will not alter in my behaviour to Geoffrey Underwood unless you give me some grounds for your statements that he deserves tbe hard things you say of him. Moreover I will not any longer believe yourbaro assertion that your spy, Margaret, is not your child." Basil seized her by both hands in a light but btrong clasp at the wrists. He looked down upon her with eyes no longer passionately Dlazing, but cloud«d with pain. H6 bit his lips to keep baok th» torrent of words that would have oome. Iu silence he he'd her «nd looked Bternly into her flushed passionproud faoe. She struggled to free herself without success. His voicB trembled a little when he spoke. " Vou doubt me ? Very well. I will endure yourm'iiioionH. You have no longer faith in me, tnon you can no longer love me. Is there anything on earth I would not believe if you tcld me to b"lieve it? Cannot you understand that there are things a man cannot tell even to his nearest and dearest? These things you ask mo to tell you are the secrets of others. I have said I will not tell them to you, and I will not. I swear to you, Mora, that what^I say is true. Will you believe me?" Ho r«l«ae«d her hands and stepped back. He folded his arms and leant ogainat the verandah post, looking at. Mora sadly. " I cannot" Mora said the words coldly but with a w.tvermg accent. " Let ino bell you this. Yourfather asked me whose ohild Margaret is. He was entirely satisfied whttii ho knew it was the secret of another." Basil had completely mastered his passion. HiM manner had even moro than usual of the calm reserve that characterized it. He looked very noble and handsome; Mora was not deaf to tbe ring of einoerity in his tones, but obstinate selfwill impelled horonwards. "So long as it was mere unhappinees to myself that you should have a secret from me I did not complain. Now you order me to be rude to a man who has been pleasant and attentive to me and, making a fresh mystery, will not give me a reason. This makes all the difference; as I said before I will not insult Mr. Underwood—a friend of my dear father's —without knowing why." " I never doubted that he knew how to flatter and make himBelf agreeable. DoubtlesB it was by the same means he corrupted the wife of a man to whom he was indebted in a thousand ways—there, I have said more than I meant." " You have said what comes ill from a man whose ohild was left on the verandah of his mother's house in the middle of a storm ! I was there, you know, at the time. Olga told me, as far back as that, all about it." "Do you know, child," Banil said absently, his expression changing to one of deep tenderness ; " I was riding home fast with all sorts of tender speeches on my lips for you. I meant to say more loving words to you in a minute than I have, perhaps, said in three years, to have kissed you until you bade me stop, to have said and dono lotB of foolish things—I felt so hungry for your love—so sure that you loved me. Dreams and reality are seldom more opposed than in this instance. While I was riding towards you you were sitting there with the only man I have good reason to hate; drinking tea with him, Hitting olose together for a long time listening to whispered words—perhaps of love—that they were not meant for another to hoar' " How well Margot has played the spy, and how thoroughly you have avoilod yourself of her sarvioes. While I roiuain in this house it might bo as well for you to koop her on in that capacity as sho fulfils it* duties an admirably. She shall hold tho post but a short time. I will not liv« in th» ratno IIOUBP with hor." Mora's pftinion wim augmenting as she fed it. She told hiTHnlf that tbo outpouring of affliction Hnsil had spoknn of had been only thought of to turn Imr from hor sot purpose of finding out tlm truth about Margot. She decided thin aa itliu f«lt hornelf thrill with the murn thought of tlm nnnno ho piotured of himnilf Uvi'jliing tnutW ondoarments oil hor. Sin) hardunnd her h«art against bun and called him a po.inir. Him know well enough that threatuning wim rxnotly tho wrong treatment for him, but vho did not utuy to reckon the con>u<]u«iio«a. " H«ir prwinnon in tlm aamn hou»e with your wife in a urtialur insult to hnr than any association with (jnnirroy llniiiirwood 1 At worst he known how to treat a woman .with respect and ooimidoraMon. BASII, what claim has Margaret upon you ? 1 demand an answer." " I deoline to givo you onn." He spoke with stern inflexible emphasis, lookingunflinobingly at her. "Then either she or I must leave this house to morrow." "It shall oertainly not be the unoffending ohild, who at least loves and bolieves in moat, a parent. Are then love, faitih, and honour all beoome empty terms to you, Mora? What have I ever done or said that could cause you to disbelieve my simple word ? What is faith but a symbol of belief in the unknown ; what is the love worth that can be killed by a baseless doubt? What the faith that demands proofs ? I am bitterly deeply grieved to find that you will not trust me to tell you the simple absolute truth without betraying tbe secrete of others. I oaunot stoop to plead with you for what is more precious to me than life, and I will not acoept the alternative you propose." A maid oaaie out to remove the tea-table, and at the same time a man oame round from the stables to take the horse that unheeded by his master had been eating the trails of the passion vine whioh shrouded a portion of the verandah. "Don't take the horse, Pat; I am going away again in a few minutes." The maid had disappeared with tbe tea things and they were alone again. Mora bad sunk into a chair and seemed to be absorbed in examining a smail lizard which crept out inquisitively from between the crack in the boards of tbe verandah. " I shall go back to the House. Have you anything further to say to me before I go?" He came and stood beside her, laying bis hand lightly on her shoulder almost beseeohingly. She did not look up, but shook his hand off with a shrinking gesture. " Nothing," she said in a determined tone. He waited a few minutes irresolutely, then he turned and left her; he vaulted into bis saddle, and without looking baok cantered off with his heart heavy with trouble. Mora sat where he left her rigid and immovable ; she still watohed tbe lizard, it had been frightened*away by Basil's movements, but it soon poked out its head again. The maid then took lamps into the drawing-room and the light streamed through the open French windows, casting shadows on the floor of the varandah. She watched them, vaguely wondering what the grotesque misshapen shadows represented. The air was getting chilly, she shivered slightly, then she thought that her bedroom would be dark with its drawn blinds, and if she went there she might look herself in and taresr-drrwn-t»y-tobe "tigastrin aud try to think of something else but little lizards and grotesquely wavering shadows. The lights and whistle of a steamer ooming np the river diverted her attention, and suddenly her thoughs flew to her father, and she found herself weeping floods of tears for his absence. That was all she was orying for, it was because her dear father—who had loved her tenderly all ber life had now gone away and left her. Her beloved father, who never in all her life had done anything to vex her, though she had once done him the injustice to believe he meant to marry again not finding her love suffioient. Poor Mrs. Wilmot! Why she would go and see her that very evening, it waB so long Bince she had been, the poor dear would think she had forgotten ber. Mora wiped away the tears she was shedding—for ber absent father—and went to her room to change her dress. She sent her maid to order Pat to bring round ber buggy to drive her to Mrs. Wilmot's as quickly as possible. No, she would not dine first; iss Margot must dine alone. CHAPTER XIX. " CNKINDNESS MAY DEFEAT MY LIFE." In all my experience of gentle Mrs. Wilmott never had she ta decide so momentous a question as that put to her by Mora Tremayne, who noiv clung around her with entreaties and kisses and imploring looks. " But the cottage at Narong will be damp, my dear," she said, weakly yielding. " It will not, really it will not, the caretaker is moat particular, and ehe has loads and loads of wood to burn. We oan go down tomorrow, and I am certain we shall find everything in readiness." " But my dear " " Oh, there are not any more buts," Mora said despairingly; "after all that I have met and oonquered !" "I was going to say, dear, if I were to go and Bee your husband " No, no, whan father comes back he will see him. It would not be the slightest use for you to go; you know he would frighten you if he were to frown." "Still, dear, I think you ought to take his word for a thing." Mora had only told her old companion and chaperon that she had had a serious difference of opinion with her husband, about a gentleman who bad been visiting the house during his absence, and whom he ordered her to cut. " If, he says, he is not a desirable acquaintance for you, surely you ought to be guided by you." " Would you be led blindfold by any one? I am afraid you are the wrong person to ask that question of! You are one of those easily led women who never have doubts, and who would never even Beek to look under the bandage when you were being led blindfold, no matter who was leading you. But I am not like that. Do you think I care ever tasee Mr. Underwood again? Not a row of pins'. It is not that I like him a little bit, it is only the principln of the thing. Father will settle it when he coaies back." "But, dear, I thought—I always understood—that your father had gone away for a long time—two or thrto years, aud you speak aB if ho were coming in a few days." " So he will come, soon. Not in a few days, in a few weeks. I shil] write by the mail that leaves to-morrow, and tell him how much I want him, and he will turn back at once." Mora did not stop to explain that she did not know where a letter would find her father, as his course was to be most erratic. He raight be at Singapore or Bombay, Iqmailia, or Malta. He might have cone straight to England or have delayed or deviated at any point of his route. There would be time enough to combat other difficulties when she had settled the initial one of get ing away to her cottage at Narcng, with good Mrs. Wilmott as a safeguard. She knew by the great yearniDg she felt for reconciliation that she must have given way as soon as she saw Basil again, and have conceded anything he chose to demand. While her anger >vas hot she wanted to put it out of her own power to yield to him the first moment she saw him. She knew that ehe loved bim so much that she would have humbled herself to any extent—to have him say that the quart el should be as though it had never been, and that he loved her as dearly as ever. She know that she was propping her anger with false supports yet she went on rearing them. She thought Underwood's reticence in speaking of the lack of cordiality between Basil and himself was a decided point in his favour. He had said so little that ehe oould not but dwell upon the words aud be struck afresh with their pregnant meaning. "I cz.acot tell his wife the quarrel I have Egain?t him; it would be taking an unfair advantage of knowledge in my po?ve3sion." That was what be ecid. He kn«w tho wrong Basil had done to Margaret's mother. She even wondered whether Basil feared he would tell her if they met again, but that! was to make Underwood the wronged one. She was not desirous of doing that; she was quite ready to believe Basil WSB ripht, but he ehould have told her all plainly. These were things that might not have been told to s girl; but she was no sohoolgirl. Though her cheeks might have blushed to hear of suob things, yet there was no reason why she should not have a vague acquaintance with the wickedness of the world. After all, the affair about Underwood was a trifle compared wit tbe presence of Margot. Shecould not get over the diffioulty created by the child's strong resemblance to Basil. Only that morning she heard onn of the maid's say, "Ob, you do look like Mr. Tremoyne with your hair np, MisB Margaret." And Geoffrey Underwood had remarked it too. He Baid, "That is the waif that was deposited at Oondalla one stormy night, then? What an odd ooinoidonce that she should take after the Tremaynes so strongly It is a long time sinoe I have seen any of them, but surely Mrs. Tremayne's eyebrows had just that particular curve at tbe ends, and the slightly formed arch of the nostril—which was so expressive and remarkable in her and in Basil, too, is just the same as in the child. She will be handsome, I fancy, when she fills out.' Then he added in a still lower tone, "I rather imagine she has not muoh love for you by the stormy glances she is oasting in this direction." , If it were not for the resemblance, she would have been quite certain that Basil spoke the truth ; he was remarkably exact and truthful in the smallest things, abe knew that well enough. She remembered many circumstances in which this characteristic had been most marked. On the other hand, sheremembered how Mrs. Tremayne had oertainly Detuned to believe that Margot was her son's child. It was all coming back to her so oloarly. With one last acknowledgment of the difficult position Basil would be placed in if he told tho truth and confessed to the parentage of the child, she gave up trying to believe bis assertion. 3he wondered whether, after all these years there would be any possibility of finding the mother; if so, ehe would set harself to the task. Who was the poor creature who had been more fortunate than Basil's wife? That was doubtless a pain that rankled ; tbe unacknowledged mistress had a child while tbo acknowledged wife bad none. Mrs. Wilmott all this time, while Mora's thought had been travelling in a plined unending oirole, had been patting and coaxing ber to go back to her home. For an answer Mora rang tbe handbell which stood on a little braoket near her. " Tell my man to drive home and say I am going to stay the night, as Mrs. Wilmott is unwell." "Law, zn'ai, you don't say so," said the sympathetiomaid, rushing to-hermistress'sside. " It i» all right," Mora said commandingly. " Give the message first, and oome back afterwards to hear what has to be done." Mrs. Wilmott was Mr. Kirby's tenant in a convenient cottage juBt out of town. She paid a nominal rental, on the understanding that if he should deBire to sell the cottage she would turn out at once. Mora knew very well hei had not the slightest intention of offering it for sale as long aa it suited Mrs. Wilmott to occupy it. She bad no hesitation in ordering a room to be got ready for her own occupation, and when she had finally succeeded in silencing Mrs. Wilmott's soruples and entreaties, she shut herself up to silent misery. Her plan, as far aa she could be said to have formed one, was to take Mrs. Wilmott to her furnished cottage at Narong, and there to live in seclusion with her. She would allow it to be understood amongst her friends that the good lady was in delioate health and could not be left alone. She saw no reason why she shonld not remain there until her father's return. To Basil she would write, giving him to understand that either she or Margot muet leave Riverview, that in future she would firmly decline to live under the same roof with her. He bad said without hesitation that it should not be the innocent and unoffending Margot, so Bhe had taken him at bis word. If he wished her to return to ber bome she would oome back as soon as he complied with her terms. She hesitated long be ore she could decide if she should introduce Underwood's name or not. In the end she made no mention of him, and ignored entirely that portion of their disagreement. She was aware that she was shifting the ground of their quarrel, but she oared not. She wrote ber letter that night before she went through the pretenoe of seeking slumber, and Bent it early the mext morning. She felt almost certain that he would oome to her as soon as he received it, and, with a oertain masterful way he bad, would overcome all her resolutions, and without making the ghost of a promise, carry ber off triumphantly. Then a little later he would do exactly what he had refused to pledge himself to do, and all would be well. Ah, how ehe would rejoice when this, their first, quarrel had been swept away! She even prepared the speech in which she would yield, as if it had been half a joke on her side, but her prognostications were at fault. Basil kept tha mesBenger an hour, ^natoat bimEouk with tne luiiowiiig ErctoT- ' " My dear Mora—You are acting in a very childish and ill- considered manner. When you come to see this yourself—is I believe you soon will — I shall be more than glad to welcome you baok to your home. I make one condition. Although you have chosen to alter the ground of our difference of opinion, I neither forget nor overlook it. 'If you disregard my wishes and oontinue your acquaintance with the person whose name has been mentioned between us I shall not consider myself bound by this pledge to welcome you back, whenever yon choose to oome. I have undertaken a duty towards Margot that I cannot abrogate for a mere caprice. When you deoide to return I will undertake that she shall be no annoyance to you. Under all oiroumstances I am, your loviug husband, BASIL TBKMAYNE." Mora read this letter with flushed, angry cheeks. She sat down and dashed off a note to ber father as if she were summoning him from the next street:— "Darling Father—I am not happy with my husband. Come back to me at onoe. I cannot live with him any longer. Without you my life is utterly miserable. I will join you if you prefer it. With all the leve of my heart, I remain, your unhappy daughter, MOB A." It seemed a tame conclusion to have to address this frantic note to the oold impersonal oare of her father's London bankers, and remain entirely ignorant as to when or where it would reach him. With the same haste Bhe made ready to whisk Mrs. Wilmott off to Narong 6he ordered a carriage from the livery stables and a cart to follow with luggage, for which she sent instructions to her maid. She gave herself no time to think, and listened to Mrs. Wilmott's plaintive remonstrances with no attention. She felt she wouid have ample time for both tbeBe reoreations in the months that were to follow. With feverish eagernees she moved about tbe cottage, when they reached it, lifting and carrying unnecessary things, working with might and main to ensure Mre. Wilmott's oomfort, surrounding her with such care and affection that tbe good lady found ber own special mission in life taken from her and employed in her own behalf. It seemed to Mora that Fate was being bountiful on her behalf when the next morning Mrs. Wilmott confessed to feeling very unwell, and before many days was seriously ill. It appeared as though it was especially arranged that scandal should be entirely silenced hy such a concatenation of events. Mrs. Wilmott never told Mora that all her life sea air bad been inimical to ber and she had never been a^le to enduru it ; nor did she tell the dootor that she knew her health would return like a charm as soon as she left the seaside. What Mora did not know was the course Basil pursued to attain the same end of silencing scandal. How he rode each morning with the avowed intention of seeing his wife, and then simply loitered about, out of sight of any one, during the hour that tbe folks at the hotel, where he put up his horso, supposed he was spending with his wile. He contented himself with getting news of her each day from the dootor, who on his side suppoeed he was only supplementing the information of the patient which he had previously obtained from his wife or Mrs. Wilmott herself. Mora wae shaken from her position of cool security one morning by receiving a note from Geoffrey Underwood. It was rospectfully worded, but there was a tone of commiseration in it that annoyed her excessively ; but the worst of it was that ha had beard from Margot, whom he had accidentally encountered, that Mora had quarrelled with her husband on Lis account. Not only was she at his mercy as far as the spreading of such a report went: but, carefully worded as it was, ehe saw that he concluded that she must like him very much indeed to leave the home where he was denied admission. She grew pale with shame and indignation as she acknowledged thai the supposition was a colourable one. How to disabuse him of such a conclusion she did not know. A lette —no matter how cold or carefully worded might be used against her—she would not write to him, but Mrs. Wilmott should. The obedient lady, with a shaky bund, copied from Mora's writing tho following:— " Mr6. Wilmott is authorized to state to Mr. Underwood that he is entirely misinformed of the reason for Mrs. Tremayne's beicg at Narong. The person from whom Mr. Underwood obtained his information did not know, and therefore could not impart, the reason." There oame no answer to this communication, and Mora hoped he bad takeu the manifest hint that bis reason being the wrong one his deduction must of course be wrong. But she reckoned without knowing the persistanoe of an idle man who has exhausted most of the amusements at his disposal. Underwood took a room at the Narong Hotel, and after being thrice repulsed at Mora's door, placed himself at a j>oint from whence he could watch for her coming out to waylay her. She had been really out when he firet called, and, the dread that he would repeat his attempt to see her, she endeavoured to instruot the unsophisticated serving-maid into the mysteries of the "not at bome" formula. Finding ber utterly unable to grasp the idea Mora devised a simple plan to avoid bim. Tbe oottage next to hers was untenanted. In ibs garden was a little summerhouse oovered with a lush growth of oreepers. The low fence dividing the two bad lost two or three palings, leaving plenty of room for Mora to get through into the safe retreat of tbe arbour, where the too conscientious maid would never think of looking for her before voraciously replying "not at home." To avail herself of this subterfuge Mora bad to be always on the alert. Bor with doors and windows wide open and tbe verandah her favourite plaoe to sit (when she was not with Mrs. Wilmott), she had nothing but a small arid garden to soreen her from a chance observer. Without oonstant circumspection she would certainly have been Been by Underwood, so that the denial of an interview would have seemed as though she were acting on her husband's orders or were afraid of him. Basil's letter, which she chose to consider peremptory and unkind, was the only communication which she received from him. She knew nothing of his daily pilgrimage to Narong, nor of his interviews with the doctor. She waited and waited from day to day for some sign of forgiveness, or even of further irritation. She wearied for a sight of him, yet her foolish pride wonld not allow her to acknowledge that she was wrong in demanding the exile of Margaret as the prioe of her return. She guessed by Underwood's persistence in calling that be would watch her movements to intercept her, eo she went out no more except for a brisk walk every morning at 7. This was, for her, a most heroio measure, as she hated early rising as she hated raw meat. From a safe position behind the Venetian blinds of /Mrs. Wilmott's room Mora had watched Underwood slowly pacing by her cottage with eyes keenly scrutinising every part of it; it gave her an unsafe feeling, and made her long for Basil's strong arm to lean on; vet she would not acknowledge to herself that her refusal to see bim was due to a respect for Basil's wishes. One day Honor Moore managed to borrow an old buggy and a rough, unehod horse, and drove down to see her friend, whose devotion and selfishness in staying at such a dull time at tho seaside with her old chaperon had filled her with a generous admiration that made Mora's honest nature flinch. From her Mora heard of Basil's daily visits to Narong. With a great gulp of repentance Mora decided that she wonld watoh for ber husband, and when she did meet him, as if by aooident, she made up her mind tc throw herself at his feet—figuratively—and say ehe had been in the wrong. She though! it would be so much easier than going home, and perhaps having all her good resolution! spoiled by first encountering Marget. She was not without a sense, too, of tbe dramatio effect the accidental interview provided, greatly exceeding that to be obtained by a tame return to her own surroundings, with Basil Bauntering carelessly into the room in which she awaited him, having been already informed by the servants that ehe was there. 