RECEPTION' AND PROFESSION OF SISTERS OF MERCY. CEREMONY AT THE CONVENT. Seldom in South Australia oan such an im pressive ceremony be witnessed as that which took .place at St. Mary's Convent of Our Lady of Mercy, Angas- street, on Thursday morning. It is only on rare occasions that an opportunity is afforded of seeing four young ladies received into the order, and two make professions after ' being novitiates for Eome time. The pretty little chapel where the ceremonies took place was filled, though owing to the smallness of the room the number of invitations issued was not • large. The high altar was beautifully decorated. Shortly after 9 o'clock a procession was 1 formed from the rear of the chapel. First came the crossbearer, then the postulants, novices, professed religious habited in their church cloaks and lighted , tapers, mother assistant, and mother superior. The choir sang the hymn " O Gloriosa." The sisters took their places on each side of the chapel, and the postulants remained on their knees. The latter were attired in bridal costume white satin gowns, veils, and wreaths. The . absence of the Archbishop of Adelaide was to be regretted, as he is the one who.usually performs a ceremony of this nature, and the Very Rev. Dr. Byrne (administratorof thearch diocese) acted as celebrant. The Rev. Father McEvoy ably officiated as master of ceremonies. Father Gosgrave also assisted, and Fathers Martin and O'Donnell were likewise present in the sanctuary. The reception of the postu lants took place first, and after blessing of the habit they retired. They again entered attired in white veil and habit, and aided by the mother superior and the mother assistant received the cinctures from the administrator and had them girded round them. They then kissed the administrator's hand, after which the white veil was removed and another sub stituted, while they were also costumed with the churoh cloaks. The candidates all took the vows of chastity obedience, and poverty. After a sympathetic chanting of the "Eruo tavit" by the choir and novices they prostrated themselves at full length before the altar. "Whilst in this position several prayers were re cited, and on rising the novices embraced the mother superior and kissed all the religious in turn. Those who were received into the order j are:—Miss Henrietta Reniban, of Melbourpe, who took the name of Sister Mary Liguori; Miss Norah Downey, of Limerick, who took the name of Sister Mary Xavier ; Miss Mary Jane Brogan, of Geelong, who took the name of Sister Mary Alacoque; and Miss Teresa, O'Halloran, of Sydney, who took the name of Sister Mary Aloysius. The Rev. Father Peters, S. J., mounted the platform after the reception of the novices, and delivered an appropriate sermon. He took for his text Matthew xix. H9 asked— What did it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul 1 That glorious maxim had been the cause of many hundreds shutting themselves from the world to gain happiness and tranquility in a house of religion. Those sisters who had entered the service' of j God that morning have left home, country, I fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, and friends. They had renounced all the pleasures and joys of life in the outer world for a religious order where they felt they would have a better chance of gaining everlasting salvation. Happy would they feel at the hour of death after a life spent in the service of their Creator ! True religious were happy persons in this world in spite of their daily sacrifices and labors." Some people thought that monks, nuns, and sisters lived a most gloomy life, shut up as they were in cells and going about like ghosts, while they had nothing to live for in this world. On the con trary they spent an aotive and useful life. The Sisters of Mercy were governed by a lady superior to whom they offered humble obe dience. They had no possessions of their own, and even the clothes they wore were nob their property. They might have been rich in the world, and might have enjoyed every comfort, bub in their convent they gave up everything for the love of Jesus Christ. Though poor them selves they largely contribute towards the relief of the needy, who wer.e always sure to find in the good sisters kind friends and one3 who would always cheer them in their wants. They wenb out daily to nurse the sick and performed those services with a tenderness and sweetness quite different to the paid or hired attendant. They did not look for reward in this world; they did all for the sake of JesuB Christ, to whom they entirely consecrated their lives. Their labors were not confined to private homes and houses, but they also visit the sick and poor in tne hos pitals, and in Catholic countries they had charge of hospitals and orphanages and houses of refuge for the destitute and forlorn. It would be needless to mention further the good works performed by thj Sisters of Meroy and other religious, orders. They spent their time in meditation and prayers and nob in amusements, and greal good must result to the community through their supplications with the Most High. Thej practised many sacrifices and acts of self denial. He congratulated the sisters upoir their happiness. They well understood how precious the treasure and conviction of a re ligiouB order was." They had left the world with all it3 joys and promises, realising that, they were doing all for the greater honor and glory of God and the welfare of their neigh bors. They had made these sacrifices of themselves to God, and he asked them to renew it every day of their lives. Let them embrace their new home and the whole world in their hsart and have courage, and confidence, exclude no one in their prayers, sufferings, and good works. How beautiful would be their crown in Heaven if they presevered to the end of their existence and made a sincere sacrifice to God. He offered them his sincere congratulations and his blessing. At the end of the reception the ceremony of professing two novices was begun. They were yiater Mary Columba McMahon, of Dablin, and sister of the late Father McMahon, who died recently at the West-terrace Palace, and Sister Mary "Vincent Hyland, ,oE Queen's county, and niece of Father Martin, of Mount Barker. It might be mentioned en passant that on the occasion of the reception of Miss McMahon, her brother preached an eloquent sermon, and his great wish was to be spared till the time she was wedded to the church, when ib was his intention to charm his congregation again by his gift of language.. However, man proposes and God disposes, and Father MoMahon was carried away last year. The ceremony of the profession of a nun is even more impressive than the reception. The novices communicated at the mass which was j offered by Dr. Byrne, and they assumed the black veil and silver ring. According1 to the i "Pontificale Romanum" when a bishop or archbishop acts as celebrant the poubifical office is recited as far as the gospel. The novices, j habited as during their probationary year, ! each accompanied by twoveiled religious, areled from the convent into the church, and go up two and two into the sanctuary. There they kneel, and the priest officiating in the character of the arebpriesb requests of the bishop seated on his throne before the altar. that they may be consecrated. The bishop enquires whether they are fid and worthy, and being assured that they are bids them come up. They obey, and after a short exhortation he says to them in a loud voice, " Are you willing to persevere in the observance of holy chastity?" Each declares her willingness aloud, and after placing her joined hands between those of the bishop pro nounces her perpetual vows. They return to their former place and kneel down with heads bowed to the ground ; the bishop kneels in front of the altar and the choir sings the litanies. After the sentence "Ub omuibus fidelibus defunctis," &o.;, and the response, the bishop rises, and with his mitre" on and the crosier in his hand solemnly blesses the newly-professed,; saying, " Vouchsafe, 0 Lord, to bless and con secrate these, thy servants." The response js made " We beseech Thee, hear us.", Afterthe, litanies the professed rise. , "Veni Creator, is sung, and they withdraw into a robing room to change their dress. The bishop blesses the differenbarticles of their future costume, and first of all the habit which they immediately pub on. They reappear bwo-and-fcwo and again form a semi-circle round the bishop, who, after prayers, &c.;, set down in the ritual, puts the veil on the head of each and the rings on their fingers, and the bridal wreath on their heads. After several solemn benedictions the mass oontinues. At the offertory the professed came up to lay their offerings on the altar, arid at the communion the bishop impart3 to them the sacred parbioles which he has consecrated for them. "The newly made,sisters affection ately embraced all the religious, and the ceremony ended. An adjournment was then made to the dining-room of the convent, where breakfast' was provided, and the mother superior per sonally looked "after her guests. The wedding oake, which was in the centre of the table, was broken by Dr. Byrne, and each guest given, a piece. Before concluding the proceedings, Dr. Byrne, on behalf of the sisters, thanked the ladies and gentlemen for their kindness in witnessing the reception and- profession of so many good sisters. To any sincere Catholio it must have been a great subjeot of consola tion to see those einbracing such an evangelical life and the evangelical counsels. Ib-showed that the faith of the Catholio Church was very lively when it induced so many of her children to embrace this holy and almost divine life. He need scarcely ask them to join with him in wishing the young ladies who . received the • religious habit the possession of the great gift of perseverance. .They were told that perseverance crowned their work, and it was their sincere wish that such would be the case in the state of life they had .just entered. They wished before very long,the Sister3 of Mercy would have another reception,, when he hoped they would all sit round the • festive board again., The novices and Sisters Columba and Vin cent were warmly congratulated by all present, and- they were wished every success in theit ■ new sphere of life, 