VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. ' ABCHIBPI8COPAX, VISIT TO OOBSOBS. ' We are informed that, the, next district to.be visited by the, Archbuhop in connection with the.appeal onbehalf .of the building fund of St. Patrjck'a Cathedral will be Gordons. where hu Cfrace intends delivering an address on. Sunday, jdrd of June. In this district, ^is at 1 Geelong, the sArchbishop will appeal to tbeOatho lie people of thevf* 1 -"—' either in' one cum find it more convi intended contribntii PEOPOSBD Next Thursday, £xed for the j)resenl ch&lice; to the Eev. J. respected parish priest of St. George's, Carl ton ,'by'his brdther priests, in recognition of his kindness to'the late Fr. Fitegerald during his last illness. Sabscriwrs will kindly take this notification as an invitation to be presbnt. The presentation will be made 'rt 'T p.m., at St. George's. " - • • - ' <'THE UTE FB. OAYIOA*. The Month's Mind for the repose of the 'soal 'of the jBev. J. Gkmgkn, who died at St. Kilda. wUl' taKe pltte at |Bt Msry's, Ca«tlemaihe; o^ Ithe29tii ihst. ^BOFOSED BTW COCACTF IT OOBXTSO. On Sanday next, atS ptn|the j tion-stone of the hew Ohurdi' Paul's, Ooburg, ,will be and blessed by tiie Alchl bourne. ' :i!,4! " ' rartuaBouc rouwa, HUT's the chair. At the request of the Charity 'Organisation Society it was decided tiiat the mtatabers assist in theetr/yiagont of i eharity concert, to be hehl kt an SaMy date. It was also UnaiUmoaaly deoided that a letter of >thankrbe«ent to W. T. Carter, Esq., MiLvA^ far a lecture given by him in ; 8t. Mary's school hall on Thursday evening, the 17th Of May. The business of the evening, toeing "Penny Headings," was then proceeded with. Those who competed Were—Bros. John Scully, Farrell, Keating, T. Scully, Kelly, J. Carroll, Lanigan, Jas. Scully, and P: C«rroll. After some Tery amusing and interesting raading, Bro. J. Kelly was declared saeeessfnl competitor. The lecture given by Mr. Carter was of a very instructive and entertaining character, and, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weatfcer, there was a lane attendance. The subject' was—"What can be done by electricity f" and it was handled'in a very able and exhaustive manner. > In the course of his lecture he gave several illustrations with experiments on the t»wer of electricity and the manner in which it is utilised. ' ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL BALL COH- 1UTTEE. A meeting of the St. Vincent's Hosital "ball committee was held on Mon- afternoon at the Melbourne Town Say Hall. There was a large and enthusiastic gathering of ladies and gentlemen. The Hon. Walter Madden, M.P.,. presided. After a considerable amount of routine business was transacted, it was arranged to confirm the previous decision to hold the ball on Wednesday, 25th' July, when his Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetoun will be present. Tickets for the ball will be—todies' 10s. 6d.; gentlemen's,' 12s. 6d.; and double tickets, £i Is. each. GEELONG. PROFESSION AND BECEPTION AT XHE \ CONVENT OF KEECT. '.Wei are indebted to onr contemporary, the Geelong Timet, for the following particulars of a ceremony at the Convent of '&ercy; at Geelong on Monday last :— Two very important and interesting ceremonies transpired at the Convent of Our Lady of Mercy yesterday morning. One was the reception into the institution of Miss Cahill, of Geelong West, and Miss Caul field, of Melbourne (granddaughter of Mr. Nicholas Caulfield, formerly of County Kildare, Ireland), henceforth to be known in religion as Sister-Mary of the Sacred Heart and Sister Maiy Magdalen defaxri respectively. .The proceedings began in the customary way at half-past eight o'clock. At that hour the ^procession, which included (he crosB-bearer, 1 candidates for admission to the Order, novices, professed nuns, the rev. mother and her assistant acolytes, priests, and his Grace the Archbishop of • the diocese, entered the sacred building, and as the procession passed down the aisle of the church the cboir tang the hymn, "O Gloriosa Virginnm." Immediately after the Misses Cahill and Gaulfield had been received yesterday four novices took the final step in devoting their entire life to the service of God. 3%e ladies who made the act of profession 'yesterday ' we» Miss M'Coppin, of Melbourne, known in religion as Sister Maty GOBMga ; Mies O'Brien, of Dnblin (Sister Margaret Mary); Miss M. Brake, of Timitmrj (8ister Miry Au^nstine); and MSss A. Burin, alio of Tipperaiy (Sister Maiy Vincent). This ceremony wai foUo*red by the celebration of the Maas, after which the Vwi. Awhdewson Slattery, D.I)., delivered the folloiring addi«as:— "Dear children, to yon who hav* today consecrated-youreelves to' tfce awiiue of God for the remainder of 'your lives, this should be a day of great jby. It is grace to receive tbe Divine [—'Go and teaeh all m&ms;,* to hear Ait^tmUig 'sd ts be aptised la the name dt At ftflier, and the Holy Ghost is «lso other privilege of ChristMnitY ; bat ow 'mueh higher, holier, afca more pecial is it to be called NTO S EOOM f Merey, like this insrifntioB -ihe lling-place of Holy Mtty the Mother s God—to be !»«• wta iemnta nd the tpoow of br Diriat^tei' It is a singnlsr and special towtion , ' nly to the faroped few «koB loves, asd to wfcom Jem pM - race. In this bsAj hooae fOa vill e to realise what yon -fcfc*w lose oidaj, -and God 31 permit, the lirtni ' «f lbs Hdy Mother M G6L ledge to God of _ and obedience Cor the < of yoor Mfoin opoo iUs - Uve agreed IOMIMT Is His Bleased Modtt>'«lio m ^oot and «o good. 8k« hamUe. nd wmUm tm*'*tmtjim seanAj the aiiiiiiliriM^ * wvas ti»M0itetf Oo«t HsliSilj +u<mlr *q0Ui*T «< iliji| tad abs wm obedient—oh I so obedient, as deelaroa herself, ' Behold, I atn the handmaid of the Lord. Be it done writoae aooording to the. word of God.' Aad tbe wordof God was her life tad fcilifclit Yw have farther devoted year tire) to the service of the poor, tick, and ignorant. What noble wort, wed what ahsndsoae reward is promised tboee who shall instruct little children is the way salvsfciof. Ton hav» the Divine assuraaoe thafc ; 'they who instruct others unto salvation shall dine Hke stars foe all eJSsraity.' To shine bke stars for all clotty. Think of that whsayoa are mtuj of your toil, and it will certainly incite you to rtwewed seal. attend the tick, feed the poor, and perform other corporal w b cl mercy, are duties which jou km undertaken to perform with God's help, aad Kay you earn that reward which God has promised to Hie faithful servants. It is a beautiful and glorious vocation to be handmaids of the Lend. It say occur to job, moat probably it woald, to weary of the work, bat the theoght of the glorious end to which you •spin to attain will always effectually banish the promptings of the devil, tf jo® are meat in your resolution, is it possible not to fulfil the aid to which m hare today 'devoted yourselves P la the House of God, to which you b»ve jut been admitted as serrants, Christ k always present, and with Him His Holy Mother. There at all times jou na appeal to him for assistance. In fact, yon cam throw yourself with ~ ct confidence into His arms. How ktful to contempUte with such m* pritilegec, how can you not tuifil tke sacred obligations which you hare contracted to-day—those of poverty, chastity, obedience, and good works. Yon—the espoused of Jesus,'die devoted children of the Holy Mother—will even ib heaven eajjoT special destination. Kay all yow highesthopes be realised, wad my it be said to you when your trial on this earth dows, 'Come, my loves my beautiful one; come and be downed with glory.'" Sabeeqaeatiy the Benediction was celebrated by Pr. Collins, and after & termination of the sacred mwaaw a number of the lady •at geatkssea friends of the ladies who badthat day been received and professed were entertained at breakfast 