Renshaw Fanning's Quest, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY BERTRAM MITFORD, AUTHOR OF " The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zulu- land," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through the Zulu. Country : Its Battlefields and Its People," &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER II. —(Continued.) Cautiously, and with hand on his pistol, he enters. There is no passage ; the door opens straight into the sitting-room. At the sight which meets his eyes he starts, and involun- tarily falls back. In a corner of tho room stands a tall figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, its eyes are fixed upon, the intruder, great hollow eyes, which seem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes the latter. The wayfarer, though not by any means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of something horribly uncanny about this ghost-like figure, so silent and immovable, glowering at him in the shades of the fast gathering twilight. But at the same time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this, but—a madman. For a moment both stood staring at each other. Then the strange-looking figure speaks. " Welcome, friend — welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you ? Lots of them—swarms, to eat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I say? Aha—fine things, locusts ! Don't know how we should get on without them. Grand things for this country ! Fine country this ! Green as an emerald. Emeralds ! no, diamonds. But there isn't a 'stone' on the place, devil a ' stone.' " " Locusts ! Emeralds ! Diamonds!" echoes the stranger in amazement. "Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump — clean off it! What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for the matter of that ?" "Not a ' stone ' on the place!" goes on the speaker in a mournful tone. " I've fossicked high and low, and there isn't one — not one. Ah, but— — the Valley of the Eye ! Come, friend. We will start at once. You shall make e your fortune. Dirk ! Dirk !" he shouts, passing the wondering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koranna, clad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished penning a flock of Angora goats in one of the kraals, comes run- ning up at the summons. At sight of his. master his parchment visage as- sumes a look of deep concern. " Die Baas is reegte ziek !" (the master is properly ill) he says, turning to the stranger. "I should rather think he was," assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's meaning. "Stones, locusts, Valley of the Eye ! Pho! The sooner we get him to bed the better. I say, old man," he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on the shoulder of his unconscious host, " You're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off." The other looks at him vacantly, and seems to comprehend. He suffers himself to be led into the inner room quite docilely, and there and then to be assisted into bed. Once there, however, the blood rushes to his face, and he begins raving horrible, though his violence finds expression in speech rather than in action. The stranger sits at his bedside care- fully watching him. '" Not mad—only fever," he remarks to himself at the close of one of these paroxysms. " Bush fever, I suppose; and plenty of it, He's got a pulse like a steam hammer, by Jove !" He has. Not for nothing has that unwonted giddiness, those shooting ; pains in the limbs, attacked him a few hours earlier. By nightfall Renshaw Fanning is in a burning fever, raving in the throes of delirium. CHAPTER III. RENSHAW FANNING'S SECRET. The stranger's wants had been at- tended to by the old Koranna woman already described ; which may be taken to mean that he had found time to snatch a hurried meal during one of tho sick mart's quiet intervals. Then he had returned to his post. His inhospitable, not to say danger- ous, reception stood now accounted for, and with a vivid recollection of the same he took an early opportunity of carefully hiding all the firearms he could lay hands on. Old Dirk and his wife kept coming in on tiptoe to see how their master was getting on, and, in fact, betrayed an amount of concern for his well-being hardly to be looked for in the scions of a wild and degraded race. But Renshaw Fan- ning was a man to command attach- ment, from untutored and degraded savages no less than from a dog. The night wore on, and these humble and faithful retainers, seeing that their master was in better hands than theirs, had retired to roost. The stranger, having dragged a cupacious armchair into the bedroom, sat and watched. Who could this man be, he wondered, dwelling alone in this desert place, stricken with mortal sickness, and no one to tend him save a couple of miserable specimens of a miserable race, were it not that provi- dentially he himself, in the character of a lost and starving wayfarer, had chanced upon the scene ? His gaze wandered round the room. Its white washed walls were bare and cracked, and devoid of ornaments, save for a small but massive silver crucifix hanging above, the bed, and an artistically carved statuette of the Blessed Virgin on a bracket. These objects at any rate pointed to their owner's creed, a heritage received with his Irish descent, and the plainness, or roughness rather, of the domicile in general seemed to point to a hard and struggling existence. The night brought with it but little respite from the broiling heat of the day. Not a breath stirred the air. Even with the house door and all the windows wide open the oppressive shufflness of the room seemed nigh unbearable. Winged insects, attracted by the light, found their way in by swarms, and a huge tarantula, leaving his lair in the thatch, began to walk leisurely down the wall. With something like a shudder of disgust, the stranger picked up a slipper and shied it at the hairy monster, with the effect of making him scuttle back to the shelter of the friendly thatch as fast as his legs could carry him. The sick man tossed restlessly from side to side, now moaning, now talk- ing to himself. Listening intently, the watcher noted that the patient's wildly spoken thoughts seemed to run strongly in two grooves — diamond seeking and a member of the other sex. As to the latter, his voice would assume a thrilling tenderness as he passionately and oft seemed to be abjuring somebody of the name of Violet. As to the former, he was alternately despondent and fiercely sanguine, as he alluded again and again to a certain " Valley of the Eye." "The Valley of the Eye, by Jove," muttered the watcher to himself. " Why, that's the very thing he began about directly I came in. Said it was going to make our fortunes. There must be something in it— and — I'll bet a guinea that thing he wears round his neck holds the secret, or the clue to it," he added, starting up in excitement over the idea. he went softly over to the patient. The latter's left hand was clutching a flat pouch or back of buckskin which lay upon his chest. It was suspended from his neck by a stout lanyard of raw hide. The watcher stood for a few minutes, his eyes glittering with a strange ex- citement. A temptation, which was well-nigh irresistible, had come upon him. Why should he not obtain pos- session of the pouch, and thus share in the secret which might lead to bound- less wealth? He need not retain it long, only long enough to master its contents. He could easily return it. Then his instincts of good seemed to get the upper hand. He was not a blackguard, he told himself, and surely to take advantage of this man's helplessness to steal his secrets would be a blackguardly and dishonest act. But, alas and alas ! When the possi- bility opens of acquiring wealth, a man's best instincts are sure to be heavily handicapped, and so it was here. he took a cup of milk which stood by the bedside, and raising the patient's head put it to his lips. It was only goat's milk, and this stuff at that, thanks to the parched state of the veldt, but poor Renshaw drank eagerly, then fell back quiet and com- posed. It seemed as though the de- lirium had departed. Watching him thus for a moment the stranger left him and sought the house door. He seemed to feel an irresit- ible longing for the open air. But so close, so stifling was the night that, as he stood outside, he hardly realised that change into the outer air. Not a living thing was moving, not a sound was heard, save now and then the trumpet- like sneeze of a goat in the kraals. Overhead the dark vault of heaven seemed literally to flash and glow with constellations. Shoot- ing stars darted, rocket-like, across the zenith in numbers unknown to our colder skies; and, as he looked, a bright meteor shot athwart the velvety spade, leaving a red sinuous trail. But in the dead still solitude a voice seemed to whisper to his now heated imagination. " The Valley of the Eye ! The Valley of the Eye !" Re-entering, he stole a glance at his patient. The latter was now slumbering peacefully. His hand had relaxed its convulsive grasp of the buckskin pouch, and was resting be- side him. Now was the time. The stranger bent over him ; then the deft " snick" of a sharp knife. The pouch was in his hand. For the moment he felt like a com- mon footpad. His heart beat violently as he regained his seat near the window and the light. For some minutes he sat watching the sick man. But the latter slept on peacefully. Now for the secret ! He ripped open one side of the pouch in such wise that it could easily be sewn up again. Then came a water proof wrapper which, being unrolled, disclosed a large sheet of parchment- like paper covered with writing. Down this he hurriedly ran his eye prior to a more careful perusal of its contents. But even this cursory glance was enough to make his face flush and his eye glisten. His hand shook so that it could scarcely hold the paper. Here was the key to wealth illimi- table, And then a strange and startling thing happened. The paper was sud- denly snatched from his grasp. So quickly was this done, so abso- lutely terrifying was this abrupt and wholly unlooked for turn in the state of affairs that his glance was hardly quick enough to mark the paper disappearing through the open window beside which he was seated, or the black, claw-like hand which had seized it. Yet he did only just see both. He fell back in his chair in a cold sweat. Such a thing to happen in the dead midnight, with not a soul but himself astir. Small wonder that, un- nerved by the dastardly act of robbery he had just committed, his thoughts should revert straight to Satan him- self. The sick man was still slumber- ing peacefully. Recovering his nerve to some extent, he rushed to the door and gained the outer air. All was still as death. As his sight became used to the modifled gloom of the starlight he went round to the back of the house—made the complete circuit of it. Not a living thing was astir. He went even further afield, peering here, there, everywhere. In vain. Then, with nerve and system shaken as they had never been before in his life, he returned indoors. For long he sat motionless, ponder- ing over this extraordinary occurrence. the first shock of surprise, the first involuntary access of superstition past, two considerations obtruded them- selves. The prospect of possible wealth had been snatched from his grasp, literally strangled at its birth, for the paper, looked genuine, and was certainly lucid enough, but it re- quired studying, and that carefully. For the rest, how should he even- tually account to its owner for its disappearance ? And at this thought he began to feel exceedingly uncom- fortable. Not for long, however: The bag could easily be replaced, and the chances were that its owner would take for granted the security of its contents, and not go to the trouble of opening it to ascertain. Or he himself might be far enough away by that time, but that he was loth to abandon a fellow countryman on a lonely sick bed in that frightful wilder- ness ; and we must, in justice to the man, record that this consideration was genuine and wholly untinged by his own reluctance to turn his back on the place until every effort to recover the precious document had been tried. Should, however, the worst come to the worst, and Renshaw be moved to assure himself of the safety of his secret, what could be easier than to persuade him that he had himself insisted on destroying it in his delirium. He rose softly to hunt for a needle and some twine. Having found them he restitched the pouch, carefully copying the mode of stitching which had held it together before. Then he went over to the bedside to refasten it to the sick man's neck. This was no easy task. Poor Ren- shaw began to grow restless again, as though a glimmer of inspiration across his clouded and enfeebled brain warned him that his cherished secret had been tampered with. At last, however, through the exercise of consummate patience and care, the thing was done. With a feeling of relief the stranger once more sought the outer air. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Several fines for illegal burial in the Peter- sham Catholic Cemetery were imposed at the Newton Court yesterday. 