THE PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY'S BUSINESS. The Publio S&lariee; Bill «u returned to the House of Assembly on Tuesday, the legisla tive Oounoil not insisting npon the amendment to further reduce the salaries of members- of Parliament. Upon the whole the Budget debate, whioh was oontinued and again adjourned, was interesting, The tone was not j particularly gratifying to the Ministry, and the friends of free eduoation were disturbed by notioe of the serious attaofc which will be made upon that prinoiplB shortly. Whether to reduoe their salaries for one year by £210s. or £10 was the question whioh agitated members of the Upper House. A ■ fortnight sinoe the Oounoil resolved that the larger amount should be taken off, but the Assembly would not agree to dock members more than £2 10s. Most of the Legislative Councillors entered into thediscussion on Tuel- ! day. The Hon. E. Ward told membere looking particularly towards the Labour representatives—that they possessed speoial advantages in having free railway pfsses, and iu having the run of a fine and almost free olub—Parliament House.' The Labour members replied that though they used the , free passes to inspect the oountry they were by doing so involved in other expenses. They argued that the amendment wsb a thrust at the principle of paymentof members, j but this was denied by members on the other side of the CounoiL. Two or three conditional offers of self-renunoiation were made, but the conditions appear to be safe. My. Ward got in a seoond speeob, during the oourse of whioh he reokoned the value of the free railway pass and of the Club privi leges afforded by Parliament House (library, bachroom, smoking - rooms, reading-rooiUB, attendants, &o.;), all free, at £200 a year. The member for Grampaa enlarged on hie theme. " Perhaps," he said, "some members did not know that there was a free bathroom, with oold and hot water, attendants, and plenty of j olean towels and soap, all free. Members oould use the" baths at anytime." The Hon. A. B. AddiBOD, evidently with a bygone episode in mind interjected, "And leave the water | rbnning." Members looked towards Mr. Ward, and the Ohief Seoretary asked, " Who did it ?" to whioh the speaker replied, "lb does not matter who did it. If the maohinery was out of order and the tap would not work it was not the member's fault." The faot that four members announced that they would not per sist in supporting the amendment oaused oharges of sincerity to be bluntly made, but Mr. Ward reached to poetioal heights to meet the ocoaeion _ when he said that Mr. Russell had prored himself bo be the possessor of one of the. attributes of beautiful charming woman Variable as the ahade By the light quivering a*pen made By 11 votes to 8 it was deoided that salaries should be reduoed by only £2 10s. The Bill is now ready for the approval of the Governor. The Vermin Bill as reoeived from the Assembly was launched upon its seoond reading voyage by the Chief Seoretary on Tuesday. The debate will be resumed by the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin on Thursday. For two hours Ibbs ten minutes Mr. Moule, from an Opposition aspeob, disoussed the Budget, ambling for the most part over trodden ground. He excited a tinge of enthu siasm by lecturing the Government for somer saulting into the policy of their predeoeBsors. Mr. Howeoheered him on at this point, re marking. "You have got them there, John." But "John" did not find any one to barraok him when he taunted the Labour J party with having been sold. Mr. Price oonBidered that the Labour party ought to be gratified in having got rid of Mr. Moule, aud assured him that unless he shaped better he would not return to office, Mr. Moule Chastised the Labour members for using railway passes to influenoe elections in another colony. Mr. Prioe retorted that Mr. Moule had used his pass for the purpose of Erivate business. Mr. Moule claimed that the labour party were trying to shift the burden of taxation from the artisan to the farmer. Mr. MoPberson eaid that would not go down even on the West Coast, bat Mr. Moule thought it would go down at the next eleo tion, whereupon Mr. Kingston punningly remarked that Mr. Moule would go down then. The member for Flinders, who dis dained to enter into a personal controversy, concluded with a pithy sketch of a policy for South Australia, the most important feature being a prompt settlement on a permanent basiB of the vexed taxation question in order to restore confidenoe. The learned member for Stanley, Mr. E. W. Hawker, made a very interesting statistioal contribution to the debate, though pitched in the minor key of his Colonial Institute speeob. He protested against dishonest finanoing. His figures were suggestive of a serious finan cial position. Mr. Brooker suggested that the bondholders should reduoe the interest. Mr. Hawker observed that to break the contract was repudiation. Mr. MoPherson laughingly interjected something about reconstruction. The Labour leader being taken to task for speaking lightly on the matter explained that he had not reoommended reoonetruotion. A ! rift in the olouda was the probability of a rise in the wool market. We should pro bably have to go for a property tax. During the half - hour address of Mr. Hawker hie venerable father was * most interested listener. At 4.40 Mr. Griffiths, the youngest member of the House, disoorered that the more serious the financial position the less it should be dis cuBsed; The Whip of the Country party, while approving of Government taxation pro posals and economies, objeoted in vigorous terms to extravagant expenditure on works like the Lake Bonney and railway eohemes. He intended to attempt reduction in the eduoation vote of £30,000,-beoanse the nn married and ohildless did not geb a direct advantage. As an earnest of his orusade against free edncation he gave a disquisition on "ghosts," being a serins of dissolving views on the question from " Hansard" of members. The interjections showed that the bold young man would not have an easy task, but he took oomfort in poetry :— i honour the mail who is ready to sink' Half his present repute for the freedom to think, And when he has thought, be his cause strong or ! weak, Will risk t'other half for the freedom to speak, Caring not for what vengeance the mob has in store, Let that mob be the upper ten thousand or lower. Mr. Butler took up arms for the Ministry at a quarter to 6, and the Premier appeared duly grateful for a tardy recognition of merit in the manageiMpt of the finances. The Labour party reOTlved a orumb of oonsolation in-the j statement that the want of oonfidenoe was on the part not of the farknera, bnt of oity capita lists. "It comes to the same thing—the I farmers oannot get capital to carry on opera- j tions,"oommented Sir John Downer. Mr. MoPherson drew another inferenoe—" It is the monopolists who are preventing the prosperity of the oolony." Although Mr. Butler proved the best apologist for the Treasurer the debate has produoed, the Opposition were not deprived of opportunities to ohesr. Thehon. member, who pointed out that South Australia w&i; still the lowest taxed of all the colonies, indioated that he was wrestling with taxation problems. At a quarter-past 6 Mr. MoPberson induoed the Government to report progress, and the House adjourned. 