Ipteratuu. RENSHAW FAMISG'S QUEST. By BERTRAM MITFORD, Author of 'The Gun-Runner, a Romance of ZuSuland,' 'Tffeen Saow aud I'ire,' ' Through the Zulu Country : ISs Battle fields and its People, :3 &c; [Published by special arrangement with the antiior All rights reserved.] PROLOGUE. 'Just consider. You would soon get to hate me. I should be the ruiu of yoa.' Thus the owner of tb8 brighs, sparkling face which was turned half-Eaockicgly, half ruefully upon that of her companion. Look ing ous kiilingly from under the broad brimmed hat the dark, lustrous ejes seemed to melt into bis. ''How can you say such a thing?' was the reply, in the deep, half-tremulous tone of a man who is in dead earnest. ' How can you eay such a thing?' he repeated involuntarily, driving a spur iiito hia borse'3 Sank with a dig that made that spirited animal curvet aud prance beneath the restraining; curb. 'Ob, taku care, you sre making my horse restive. And I apa each a. bad rider, as you know. And the lithe, graceful figure in the well-fitting habit was thrown into the relief involved by a real physical effort. ' How can I say so ':' she wens cm. ' How can I say so? Why, it is only candid oa my part. Do you seriously think a huMwray like me is cut out for a life on the Hi.eh Veldt?' The man's bronzed features faded to a ghastly paleness. He averted his head for Bome momeuts as though with a wild, inetinc tive idea of breaking fc'.i-=i sp≪ that was upon him. Overhead towe-i... {.he stately cone of a Kieat mountain, soaring- iiloffc in the summer haze. Around, in undulating sweep, th9 bushc'ad slopes shut in the tortuous, etony road. Birds piped and called to one another in the lustrous guniiijht, and the rich, seasuoue air w&s; alive wish the drov?sy boom of bees and tba metallic piash of the river is its rocky bed I-t-n6atb. ' There are other and rjleasanter places ia taia country than the High Veld!;,''' he said at last, but in the tone of an advocate pleading a hopeless cause, aud that csuss isis own. ' But- 6ven then,:- she rejoined, her voice softeniug as though ia compunction over the final stab she was aboui to inflict, 'even then — no one ia less qualified to make you happy than I am, believe me. Why, you don'6 really know me as I am. Sometimes I think I hardly laiow myself.' ' You do youreelf injustice,' he said. ' Give me tbe opportunity of proving if.' A curious passing spasm — a kind of a etormy look — aho5 across the bRantiful face. ' You are too generous,' she replied vehemently, 'and far too good to be rnade miserable for life by such a little wretch as I am. Better far fe6l a little sorry now than that.' ' And you are underrating yourself. But I will 110a hurry you. Take time ; bub oh, my darling, don't tell ms that what you said just now is your final answer.' ' I must tell you that very thing. It cute me to tba heart to give you pain, and that ia inoro than I hav9 beea able to say before to any E3S.U living. ViM^ ? nSpi-fi H.r*- vaoartrw ? if unn only kne-.r. There. Forget that I ever said that. But I know thai with you anything I may say is safe as death itself.' This time he made no reply. For one brief instant their eye3 mes, and in that instant he understood her; understood, too, that) her first answer was final. Yet he was gooiiy to look upon— this man with his ppleadici physique and refined, noble ccuntenanca Many a feminine heart, wo trow, would hare beat quicker — but witih vivid joy — at su'jh words as ho had addressed to his present companion. Many a pair of ejos would have brightened gladsomely into a quick love light. Many another would have desired no better protector and stay until her life's end thin this msn now riding by the side of her v/ho had rejected him. To propose on horseback is the very worst place a man can choose wherein to propose, jsays someone or other, by reason of both the proposer and proposee being in a measure subject to the precarious whims of one or a pair of wholly unreliable quadrupeds. He who now rode there had either nev«r heard that salutary axiom or hod forgotten is for the occasion ; but now he was made to feel its f orca by a male voice some little distance ahead hallooing — ' Now, yoa too good people, spar ap or we shall never get there to-night !' And a bend in the road brought into view other horsemen — other 'hvbits' — stationary sad obviously and prove kingly awaiting the arrival of the two laggards. And the equestrians, now merged into one group, rode on their way in the golden sunlight of thafi lovely afternoon, rejoicing ic the ex quisite glories of the wild aud rotnaatie mountain road. But, in the prevailing mirth, one among them bore no part, for ha carried within his breast the dead burden of a eore and aching heart. ? Chapter I. — Th:iest£and. The heat was terrible. Terrible, even for ths parched, burning Bfceppas of the High Veldt, whose baked and crumbling surface lay gaeping in cracks and fissures bene&th; the blazing fierceness of the African sun. Terrible f ot the stock, enfeebled and emaciated after months of bare eabais*enee 011 such miserable wiry blades of shrivelled grass as it coold manage to pick up, and on the burnt and withered Karroo bushes. Doubly terrible for those to whom the wretched animals, all skin and bane and dying off like flies, represented nothing more nor less than the means of livelihood itself. Far away to the sky-line on every side, far as the eye could travel, stretched the dead, weary surface of the plain. Not a tree, not a bush to break the level. On the one band a low range of flat-topped hills floated, mirage like, in mid-air, so distant that a day's journey would hardly eeem_ to bring yon any nearer ; on tbe other, nothing — nothing but plain and sky. nothing but the hard red earth, skimmer ine like a furnace ia the intolerable afternoon beat ; nothing but a frightful desert, wherein, apparently, no human being could live — not even the ape-like bnsbman or tbe wild Koranna. Yet, there stands a house. A house thoroughly in keeping with its sur roundings. A low one-storeyed building, with a thatched roof and walls of sun-baked briok. Just a plain parallelogram; no attempt at ornamentation, no verandah, not even a 'stoep.' No trace of a garden either, for in this horrible desert of drought and aridity nothing will grow. Hard by stand the square stone kraalB for the stock and a little farther on, where the level of the plain sinks into a ?eliehs depression, is an artificial dam, its liquid store at present reduced to a small patoh of red and turgid water lying in the middle of a surrounding' margin of dry flaky mud, baked into a crisscross pattern of cracks, like a huge mosaic On a low stony kopje a few hundred yards distant from this aninviting homestead Bits its owner. Nobody by a Boer could dwell in aooh ? place would be the first thought snootwdiog , that of wonder that any whits man oonld be found to inhabit it at all Bat a glance, sronld suffice to show that he now sitting there Js* not a member of that dogged and pacfaydsrmatoaB results of a hard life have failed to roughen. A broad lofty brow and pensive dark eyes stamp their owner as a -man of intellect and thought, while the peculiar carve of the well formed nostrils betokens a sensitive and self contained nature. The lower half of the face is bidden by a dark silky beard and moustache. One brown sinewy hand grasps a geologist hammer, with which it chips away listlessly at the ground. Bat although the action is now purely mechanical it is not always so, as we shall see if we use our story-teller's privilege and dip into his inner thoughts. Briefly rendered they run in this wise — ' Oh, this awful draught ! When is it going to end 1 Not that it much matters either way now for there is hardly a sound hoof left- on the piaoe, and even if a good rain did come it would only finish off the whole fever- stricken lot. Well, I'll have to clear out, that's one consolation. I've held on as long as any man could, and now I'll just have to go/' His gaze wanders over the arid plain. Far away through the shimmer it rests on a multi tude of white SDecks — a flock of Angora goats striving in desperation to pick up what miserable subsistence it may. ' There's nothing to be done with the place — nothing,' he muse?, bringing his hammer down upon a boulder with & despairing whack. ' It won't sell even for an old song — no one will so much as touch land now, nor will they for a long time to come, and there isn't a ' stone' (diamond) on the whole farm, for I've dug and fossicked in every likely place, and unlikely one, too. No ; I'll shut np shop and get away. The few miserable brutes left are not worth looking after— not worth their brand ziek (scab- affected) skins. Yet I'll have one more search, one more crazy fool's errand, alter the ? Valley of the Eye,5 before I trek. This'll make the fifth— but no matter. One may as well make an ass of oneself five times as four. I can't exactly believe old Greenway took all that broubie to dictate an infernal lie on his deathbed ; and, if his yarn's true, I'm a rich man for life — if 1 can only find the place, that is,' he adds bitterly. ' And Tve had four shies at it. Well, perhaps the fifth is going to be lucky.' ^ With which consoling reflection the thinker rises from his stony resniug-place, revealing as he doea so a tail straight figure admirably pro portioned. Suddenly he starts and a sallow paleness cornea over tbe brouzea handsome features. For he is conscious of a strange giddiness. A milt seems to float before his eyes, shutting oat completely the glare of the burning veldt. 4i TVTovpr that f nrson iiT)-p.nanti'v fever affair) ?' he murmurs to hiaiself in real alsrtn. And for the latter there is reason — reason in the abnormal and unhealthy heat of she ter rible drought — reason in bis utter isolation, the vast distance betv/eon himself and a feilov? couusrymati — let alone sush considerations aa medical aid. Kecovering himself with an efforb, he strolls on towards the house. There is no sign of life about; the place as he approaches unles3a couple of miserable fever- stricken sheep, pant ing and wheezing ia the shade of the kraal wall constitute such. But dead and tomb-like as it looks ou'asido there is something refresh ing in the cookie^s of the inner room as he enters. A rough tablecloth is laid and a knife aud fork. The waila are papered with pictures from illustrated prints and are bung with swinging shelvps containing a goodly number ot books ot all sorts. A. lew cnairs ana a coucb, the Litter much the worse for wear, constitute the furniture, and on tht whole, what with pipes?, stray bits of saddlery, and raiscelianeous odds and ends of eve:y description, the place is about as uistidy as the avemee bachelor abode ia apt to he within the pale of civilisation, let alone on the High Veldt. The floor is of hardened clay and there is no ceiling — nothing between the inoiate of the room and the bare and ragged tbatuh, one drawback to which arrangement being t hat a fine lively tarantula will occasionally drop down upon the head or shoulder ot the eaid inmate. A call of 'Kaatja. Dinner bring,' is soon prodr.ocive of that meal, in eo liar as the reni na.pt of a half-starved and wholly unmitritkras chicken, dressed up with ro insipid an in gredient; as some plain boiled rice, uin be said to constitute dinner, it is productive, simul taneously, ot an extraordinary specimen of humanity. A creature of mahogany-hue arid parchment hide, the latter hanging in flaps around her perspiring and scant.] !y-attired person. A creature of the hideosuy of o;ie of BunyanV fiends — a frightful gem, hum-like ears, nud a woolly ekuii — waddling on the abnormal hip developniem; of the native Busbman or Ko ranna. A nice sort of being so bring in one's dinner, not 0$ itself over-invitingr. BuS t-ne gets used to queer things on tha High Veldc and this hideous and repulsive object is only a harmless iioranna woman, and according to her lights a good old soul enough ; and s-be officiates as coot and general factotum to this i-oufrh-and-ready household of one. The swarming flies buzz around. The win dows are black with them ; the table is black with them ; the air is thick with them. In they sail through optn windows- aad opsa doors, fresh from the fetid stew-pans of the kitchen ; fresh from the asrid, pungent dust of the goat kraals ; i.resh trom tne latest garbage, which they have been sharing wita carrion birds, in tbe veldt. Tuey light on tb.6 diner's head, crawl about his fact, crowd ovsr plates aad dishes and ba'ole-clot-.b — mix themselves up with the food, drown themselves in the dritik. Everywhere flies. The South African housefly ifl identical with the Britieh- — but be is a far greater pest. He is more aggressive, and he brings to bear upon his victims the solid weighs of numbers. Go where you will, you cannot shake him off. If you fitupawapgoaauddiveinto the far interior there also will the eotnmoa fly be with you — and with you 12 ewarrne. Renshaw Fanning looks disgustedly at hie uninviting meal and plays with it rather than eats. Then he pushes back hie ohair. He has no appetite. Again he 6eeke the open air. A restless mood is upon him, and broiling, stifling as the Suddenly a winged objecij appears fluttering ia the sunlight. A. quick exclamation eseaoea him as he shades his eyes to watch io. ' Ka, of course '. Tbe 5a3t straw ! Locusts. Here they come, by .Jovo ! thicker and thicker to put the finishing touch on what the drought has begun, By this time to-morrow there won't be a blade of grass ief c on the place, ncr a hoof either. :- He stands watching the flying insects. Barely five minutes after tho diEeovery of the first one the air is thick with them. They seem to spring out of nowhere. Thicker aad thicker tbey come, their gauzy wings fluttering in the sunlight, blundering into the spectator's face, colliding with the walls?, falling to the ground. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good. A few starved fowls at the back of the house perk up into new life as they rush forth to fill their emaciated carcases wich this un looUed for and abundant dainty. But the watcher withdraws indoors again, as if to shut out all night and sound of these new aud fatal intruders, and as he does so he is conscious of terrible shooting pains in his litcba. Though of Iri*h parentage on the one aide. Renshaw Fanning is South African born. His life so far — and he is now thirty- five — has been a hard one. Few, indeed, are the wilder, rougher p'aase3 of South African life of which he uas not. had more or leES experience. He has farmed and has ridd«n transport (carriage of goods by wa^gou), ha has hunted and traded in the fa-r interior, he has been a treasure seeker, and has also fought ia the border war fare which now and then breaks out between the colonists and their savage neighbors. But profitable as some of these avocations fre quently are somehow or other Renshaw Fanning has never seemed to make a success of anythiugj and this [is mainly owing to the extraordinary utfteifishness of tbe man. He will divest himself of his last shilling to help a friend in need or even a mere acquaintance — indeed, he owes the possession of bis arid and uninviting deserb farm to this very failing in that be has been forced to accept it in satisfac tion of a bad debt which would otherwise com pletely have ruined him. As a matter of course his friends and acquaintances vote him a fool, bat deep down in their hearts lies a mine of respect for the only thoroughly unselfish man vDey nave uvoc nuuwu ; auu owu i-ue uum.ru pulous ones who bsve traded npon and pro fited by his failing did so with compunction. But with all his soft- heartedness and sensi tive and retiring temperament none who know him have ever for a moment mistaken Kenehow FaDninfr for a muff. No cooler brain exists, no steadier hand or keener eye in times of danger or dangerous sport — whether at a critical moment at the mercy of some treacher ously disposed barbarian tribe in the far interior or with finger on trigger awaiting the lightning-like charge of a wounded and infuriated lion. Or oh treasnre-seeking enter prise when physical obstacles combined with failure of water and scarcity of provisions to render advance or retreat a work of almost superhuman difficulty the post of hardship and privation was that which be unobtrusively assumed ; and, indeed, there are men still living who but for this would long since have left their bones in the desert — occupants of unknown graves. No, assuredly none who know him can ever mistake Renshaw Fanning ior a muff. Such is the man whom we see, solitary, de pressed, and in breaking health, contem plating on his desert farm the approach of ruin — whioh ruin all efforts on his part are powerless to avert. Chapter IL— A Friend in Need. Down, down to the far horizon sinks the westering sun, the malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating eomewhat, for be 1b within an hour of bis rest. Yet the earth Btill gives forth its shimmering bead and on every side the red surface of the parched -up plain assumes a hue of blood beneath the golden glow of sunset, which, contrasted with the vivid blue of the heavens, is productive of a strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toilsomely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. Win steed, Buffering terribly from want -of water as well as from a lack of nutritions food; on iuwdlf dag itiJtotee^&JMia; more ♦ton, ? . ? . ???'??? :mkw§iw?^$m once has the rider endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walk ing. But who can indulge in protracted exercise under such difficulties 1 Consequently the horseman, though of fine and powerful build, is nearly as fagged and used up as his unfortunate steed. Now and aeain a flying locust raps him in the face as he rides. ' What an infernal country !' he exclaims aloud, wiping his dripping forehead. 'Nearly sunset, no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop of water in this howling desert. By Jove, the situation is getting eeriouB,' he adds in a tone bordering on alarm. His alarm is not without reason. Since quitting last nierht's camp beside a nearly dry wviterhole, containing a noieoine mixture, and that of the consistency of pea-soup, he has found no trace of the indispensable fluid. And he is lost. A worn-out horse under him, foodless, waterless, in the midst of an ap parently interminable desert, he has every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con cerned. He is a fine, tall, well set-np man, this stranger. No partiality could define him as handsome. His features have no regularity, and his light blue eyes are a trifle too email and deep set, bub there is a certain power about his countenance, whose square resolute jaw the short, fair, pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache can only half hide. Though bis face aad hands are burnt red brown there is a subtle soniethiag which tells at a glance he is cot colonial born, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his travel ling dress prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise which is strapped in front of bis saddle. A etony kopje, the only eminence for five miles around, rises before 'the traveller. This he has been using as a landmark and through its agency steering in a straths line. It, too, having reached, he now ascends and imme diately there escapes him a presty forcible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, breaking the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house^-^a homestead. It is still chree or four miles distant, though apparently nearer. Bu4 the horse has espied it as goon as his rider, and pricking forward bis oars he picks up his head acd steps out with something of aa approach to briskness. The first elation at the certainty of finding necessaries, such aa food and drink, over, the traveller's thoughts turn to considerations of comfort. Alter all tha welcome haven is, in al! probability, a mere rough Boer homestead, the abode ofdirS and fleaa, a place wherein comfort is an unknown quantity. And at such a prospect, hungry, thirsty, thoroughly wearied as he is, his spirits droop. But his musings are interrupted in a suf ficiently startling manner by nothing Ies3 than the ' whiz' of -j, bullet) unpleasantly close to his head simultaneously with the ' baug' of tha piece whence is was discharged. Looking up he finds that ha has approached within a few hundred yards of the homestead. In the doorway o* the sasie scancls a tall man, clad in a shir'a and trousers wicb a gun in his band, from which he is extracting the still emokiog cartridge shell. Barely haa he mastered these details than another bullet ginga past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while there pori; rings ouc upou the evening air. To say that the wayfarer begins to feel ex ceedingly uncomfortable is to express little. Hera ha is, a perfectly peaceable, unoffending person, about to ssek the much-needed hospi tality of yonder domicile and suddenly and without an iota of provocation its owner pro ceeds to make a t»rg&b; of him in the most cold blooded fashion. True, he has heard that many of the up-country Boers are a wild a.nd lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unprovoked ' act of war ' surpasses anything he may have been led to expect. 'Here, hallo. You, sir. WhaS are you blazing away at me for?' he sings out, his tone betraying a degree o£ anger which prudence should havein'Juced him to suppress. His hand instinctively goes to the revolver sluag round him in a holster under his coat. Bus ot what uae ia a six-shooter against an enemy many hundred yards distant and armed v/ith a ri'le ? Therefore, it ia vritii con siderable rc-i'et that he beholds hi3 unexpected adversary ground his pieeo. stare at him for a moment, thtu disappear indoors. The feeling ia bnt transitory, however, as it occurs to him that the fellow has probably gone in to get moro cartridges and that any moment be uiay find biineelf once more raked by tha enemy's tiro. He judges it prudent in try the effect, of a parley bsforo venturing any nearer. 'Hi! Hallo, friend!' be shouts, 'just drop that target practice, will you. There isn't an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothing but a poor traveller io.-.t in the veldt and pretty ?well dead for want of a drink. Dyou under stand ''' Then it strike3 him that if the inhospitable householder is, aa he expects, a Eoer he will probably not) understand, 'What is to bo doue?' exclaims the way farer in Hheer despair. 'Well, here goes. May as well be shos as starve ia the ve'dt, arid p'-.rhaps the fellow's only playing the fcoi — trying what I'm leads of — and if I were only within- fifty or ovtn a hundred yards ejf him the 'trying* wouldn't bs all on one &ide.;' Thus musing, ha continues his advance upon the homestead, wuiking his hcree, and whist ling in an attempt to appear thoroughly un concerned, although in point; 01 actu 1 fact he feels pretty much as the Six Hundred musthave done on receipt! of the historic and idiotic order. But no more leadan greetings reach him, nor dooa tbe enemy appear. All ia silent as the grave aa ho rides up to the bouse. Tbe front door stands wide open, exactly as the ishoofcer had Ief S it on retiring thersfrom. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The place might have been uninhabited. Juse then the sun, which all thi3 time has gradually been sinking aud has already touched the hoiizoD, disappears. Something like a chiii creeps over the traveller at the sudden giooin which falls upon the tenement just as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at r.he door he raps it somewhat impatiently with the handle of his whip. No answer. Cautiously a.ud with hand oa his pistol he enters. There ie no passage ; the door opens ? straight into the sitting-room. A4 the sight which meess his eyes he starts and involuntarily fails back. In the corner of the room stands a tall figure. Leaning with oca shoulder againsS the wall its eyea ara tjs^d upon the intruder, greas hollow eye.?., which seem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanced by its frarniagr of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working' slightly, bub no sound eseapes the iatter. The wayfarer, though not by any means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of something horribly urtcanuy about this ghost liko figure, eo silent and immovable, glowering at him in the shades cf the fasii-gathering twilight. But at the same time he recognises his recent; assailant. No ghost this, but a mad man. For a moment both stood staring at each other. The strange-looking figure speaks. ' Welcome, friend, welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you? Lota of them — swarms, to eat up whai) little grass tha drought has left. Have, you brought them, I say? Aha — Sne things ioeuets ! Don't know how we should get ;oa withaut them. Grand things for this country. Fine country this ! Green as an emerald. Emeralds, no, diamonds. Bub there is a ' stone' on the place, devil a ' stone.1 ''' ' Locusts ! Emeralds ! Diamonds !' echoes the stranger in amaz&ment.; ' Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump — clean off ic ! What on earth am I to do with him or with myself either for the matter of that ?' 'Not a 'stone' on the place !' goes on the speaker in a mournful tone. ' Fve fossicked high and low and there isn't one — not one. Ah, but ? the Valley of the Eye ! Come, friend, we will start at osce. Yoa shall make your fortune. Dirk, Dirk !' he shoots, passing the wondering stranger aud gaining the door way. A. withered old Koranna, clad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished penning a flock of Angora goats in one of tbe kraals, comes running up at the summons. At eigh& of bis master his parchment visage assumes a look of deep concern. ' Die Baas is reegte ziek !' (tbe master is properly ill) he says turning to the stranger. ' I should rather think be was,' assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's meaning. 'Stones, locusts, Valley of the Eye! Pho ! The eooner we get him to bed the better. I say, old man,' he breaks off persuasively, lay ing a hand on the shoulder of his unconscious host, ' you're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off.'' The other looks at him vacantly and seems to comprehend. He suffers himself to be led into the inner room quite docilely and there and then to be assisted into bed. Once there, however, the blood rushes to his face, and he begins raving horribly, though his violence finds expression in speech rather than in action. Tne stranger sits at hia bedside carefully watching him. ' Not mad — only fever,' he remarks to him self at the close of one of these paroxysms. 'Bush fever, I suppose, and plenty of it. He's got a pulse like a steam hammer, by Jove!' He has. Not for nothing has that unwonted giddiness, those shooting pains in the limbs, attacked him a few hours earlier: By night fall Renshaw Fanning is in a burning fever, raving in the throes of delirium. [To be continued:) 