THE AFGHAN QUESTION. A PUBLIC MEETING. By far the largest aui mo=t. orderly openair meeting sver held, in Coolgirdie took place on Saturday night, opposite THE MI:.~ER office. Over 2.0J0 adults, representing all classes of the community, were present, and the meeting was preside 1 over by Councillor McKenzie. After reading the notice convening 'he mBcting, ami claiming an uninterrupted hearing on behalf of ;;hc speakers, for find against, Mr. McKenzie briefly recited the circumstances of his own position in the movement. He points! out that British companies. would shortly be working mioes on the field, and it, would be their aim to get dividends from their properties, in ilriij which, they could depend upon it. the cheapest labor would be employed. He had introduce ! cam els oa the field, and. in order to compete with other traders, lis had had TO employ Afghan labor ::s well as white. The former were paid p;r month, and the latter £14. There wis 110 doubt that '.he whites were the pr.-per men, and no other should be employe 1. It meant the cutting down of wages, and that was an event to be dreaded. He need not tell them that, wl eu wage* were high there was prosperity and happiness, while under a scale of low wages there waa nothing but wretchedness and poverty. Before closing his preliminary remarks, he would like to draw their attention to the case of one of themselves, a man named Knowles, whom he had been told was a respectable man He-was going to a tank for drinking water, when he found two Afghans washing their feet in it. He took a vraddy to beat them off. when other Afghans rushed up, and a tussle ensued, in wlvch Knowles 1 revolver went off, wounding two of the Afghans, who subsequently died. There was another white man there, and the Afghans tied them up to a tree, and nea-Iy flailed them with rods to deith. Young Mr. Christie, of Siberia, had just come into tovm, reporting to the police that he had found t .vo Afghans -washing in the Siberia soak. : Tc ordered them out, but, having other coaipanions at h»nd, they were most impudi nt »nd threateni:ig to the young man. This vae most exasperating, to meet with such actio is, particularly in a dry climate where me vs lives depended upon wlolesome water. The man-Knowles had only done what he himself would have'done to white or black doing such a thing.; He hope I those speakers who addres««d the meeting would be proper a ad moderate in tone. A resolution would be submitted to iem, which he hoped would be eaTiod unanimously, to found a league : or the stoppage of the importation of alien laliour, and other yeilow commodities. They weren't Wanted here or anywhere near the go Id fields, which should be kept, for the benefitof the white racas.- He hoped every man would < onsi ier tie matter rationally. Was £3 a month enough for a man to live on, and :live respectably'! These men were 1 ot like ourselves, they did not cjme here to make homes, to bring wives and children, or tbsir harems. He had been on the field tweve months, and he was of opinion that the coning of these men threatened a great danger unless it was stopped, for they would be employed at. work. They already had miner's rights, and were applying for leases. He was the only man who had taken the matter up, employing a lawyer to nrevent them getting them. Mr. Warden Finnerty had adjourned the mailer, and it had been sent below. The people were altogether undeiirable, and were not wanted. (Cheer;.) He called upon Mr. F. C. Vosper to move the first resolution. Mr. Vosper (who was received with acclamation and cheers) si id that at the start of his remarks ';his evening Rome friend in the crowd had told him to get his hair cut. but he could assure tliem that he was going for his subject bald- headed. (Laughter.) He had been charged with the important and pleasing duty of moving the first resolution, which was as follows : — " That bus meeting views with alarm and indignation the encroachments of the Afghans, Coolies and other Asiatics upon this field ; and earnestly urges upon the Government, the members of Parliament for the gold fields electorates. and the Municipal Council of Coolgardie to use all their power and influence to prevent the continuance of the same." He might tell them that this agitation liad been confined to the last fortnight, and was Che resuH. of an article published in THE COOL- OAEDH \1 INER upon th« appearance of Afghms working apparently for the '-'unicipality. \- All appeal had also been made to the Mayor, who stated that he was not going to interfere with Faiz and Tagh Mahomet repairing the footpath and saving the ratepayers expense. He had no hesitation in saying that the action of the Mayor was wrong. Loud complaints reached him that Afghans were being employed locally in other capacities. They only had to step down the street to find them sinking a well, while others were engaged as police troopers, and plenty were found in the stores. • (-Groans.) Day by day this quesiion vras reaching an acute stage. Complaints were continually being brought in from : the bush of their insolence -and aggression,--which would bo detrimental to the very utmost <f allowed to contin ue At Siberia Afghans had polluted the wa er by washing-themselves in it.-but more washed their camels down. Some-diggers tried to re-nedy this by hanging a bit of pork oi- a stick- over the hole to work upon the innate superstitions of the Afghans ; but the consequences-were- that the latter being in a •majority threatened to tie up and shoot the whites.ifit were repeated. They could- not allow this to continue. To do so was a lasting disgrace.; and he knew from a per.on ; who accompanied the camelmeu with wham Knowlas had the fracas that such, cond ict was duplicated everywhere. In one instance they visited a squatter'* tan which contained only a sufficient quantity for his own needs, and deliberately emptied it. On demanding payment. 110 attention whatever was paid to him, and he was treated with insolence and discourtesy. It was for such things "as these that paor Knowles Was now in trouble, and hehoped that the jury would get toknowof such matters and return a verdict of justifiable homicide. (Cheeks.) Another thin j; was that that the Afghan waa the representative of a -vaet. horde of people of low civilisation of different nationalities, and. they were a menace as serving to usher in and introduce such people. If they admitted the Afghan, then there was no reason to keep out tfaeiJapanese and having them here, John "Chinaman would trot along for hie ehare. .and we should have a motley crew here, instead of .white men, a circumstance which 'would- be t truly awful in its conseqnences. : -Sidce^-liis residence: in Western Australia he had been much over the Central and-jWurchi8on-Districts. Between Geralditon and Mullewa there wa« a long dry st; ge. There was a tank excava ted in jk. thicket which had fceen of great service to Travallerfi until th • a Irent of the watccamtiis • by washi e Aig'.ta-is.w ho the sor>: ba .tlv? i it", and ti stencli rid 1)' gres! f nas-^iiLT^r • .•1-j demur . f miles 1 > ev:ide i. iiuonfe. Teamsters upoti thai roil <.oid I not. ai th.it time saf ily driva alone, an i a dozen tea.us had to band together, the camel- lien when met with an 1 in a m-.joritv rerusi-ig to bu lge an inch f-otn the r.).id. lie ha-1 heard much of the 111'c.k and docile Afghan—(groans) — but let them once the whip hand and such docility v inis'i-.:*. Hj'uaJ u iti^el tint Captain Siia lej-^. the m f.»r Suba-i ilij Mah>'>me 1. had written a let er t i the G )ld;:n Aye—(A voice : -Oildei Liar!")—in rc ily to a leading article which appeared in THE COOLGARDIE MIXER. would rea-i the letter to ihe - n. cin:mantiti^ upon it as lie went. Cap'aiu Saundo-s wr.ita—As a loading article if is 1 lamentable exhibition of ignorance emanating from a stuntel min t, aud now .hat we are in the days of cheap literature it is a wonder the writer ha? not purchased and peruse 1 a history which would do so much to explain India, its people, c.iste. etc.. bsside; enlightening him as to Afghanistan, and its importance 4 o Englrnd r_s a friend, and conss'-j .lently the terrible results whic 1 mav issue it' such nonsense as this gentleman's sohuteiings finds its way into the Dirbar of Ameer Ab ioor Rahman of Cabul." He 11a 1 flattered himself that Ihe. journal with which he was connected ha 1 a large and wide circulation, but he never knew until now that if, 1 ad 011 its list of subscribers the name of Arr.eer Ab lul Rahman. He could picture theferrful effect it woul I have on the Aniecr when lie received that, day's paper. (Loud laught jr.) How he would rise in his wrath, capsize the succulent hookah, run amuck through the harem li!:e a modern Bluebeard, and order the. Grand Vizier to instant execution. (Laughter.) It could ci-ilv be seen from the great Eurooean crisis which w:jg going to occur with war between Engtand and Russia by the publication of a simple leading article that, from small causes great effects sprung. If England and Afghanistan share mutual interests in protecting the 1'ainir.s and the Himalaya chain, let them con^rve their friendship. We don 7 1 want any of u. but what we want -is for Australia to be free 1 romsuch a complication. Just here he would like to point out that, unlike our own peiple. these Afghans cid not spend their money here, but keep or send it out cf the country. With respect-to t.,ve assertion that Faiz ME hornet, imported 0.009, he night tell Captain Saunders frankly that, he did not, believe it. He did not wish to make out that Captain -aunders was telling a he, but he wa; sure th it the person who supplied him with the information wis misleading him. It was against reason that an Afghan or Indian should do so, for such a sum ia his own country would make him a millionaire an 1 a prince, and he would remain in that cnuntry. As for the Afghans importe 1. it was very well known that the business was not. that o? Faiz and Tagh Mahomet alone, but of -John Elder an 1 Co.. of So ith Australia, an I the man who told Captain Saun lers otherwise was a direct descendant of Ananias and Sapphira—(Ap plause). In his next contention, tae captain ha I, like the proverbial Irishman, only opened his mouth to put his foot in it— (laughter)—an.l furnish "id him (the speaker) with the best argument possible against the people he had champi iue 1, for he declare I the colore I labor employe 1 by the Mahoinets is not Afghan at all, but coolies. These scum could soon be settled as they were .11 Queenslaud. There they had got sn strong on the Eastern coast—manuinj; ships and plantations that the people ro.-e. and at, Bundaberg, shipped tiie.n back to theirown country. The same thing occurred at Normaiiton. Coolie labor was the most detes'able form of the black and tan torture. The Afghan in his own country was warlike, proud and in lependent, and had resisted t he encroachment of his enemies ; but the.se low, degraded, debased and cringing beings, who had been the prej r of conquerors for thousands upon thousands of years, and who were without the last vestiges of a hnma 1 soul- being in our midst, was a splendid argument for Their deportation. He was not a very strong student in theology, as the captain claimed to he. who told them that the Khoran, the Mahomme ian's Bible, was "a true translation of our Bible 1 ' ami that the7 worshipped the same God, and were, therefore, tit associate i for them. He repelled such an assertion. He knew a lot of people who worshipped Go I most, fervently, but lie did not consider them fit associates for him. (Applaute.) The devils in hell feared Go 1 and worshipoe ) Him. but they were none the better for that and were not the better company.as, perhaps, the captain might find to his cost some day. —(Loud laughter.) Talk about the Kiama. ghost and :Sir Henry Parkes, why the captain's was afar bigger bu'r-bear.—(Laughter.) From the letter it appeared tha: Faiz Mahomet paid his men £3 a month and extras. The Afghans had no women with them, and it made him wonder whether tint had an 7- t-hing to do with the extras. He waa very dubious whether any white man would, as the captain averred, besitisfied with £3 or £4 a month ! Finally, the captain lia! been too zealous for his frien Is He would only allow British subjects here. Allow only British subjects here 1 Keeping out the German, the Frenchman, and other white men who were not British subjects, but were first-class pioneers and good diggers.—(Loud Applause.) And these same foreigners were settle ! down throughout the colonies pursuing various avocations, founding homes an-' rearing families. They were not British subjects. but they were, by their energy and perseverance, carrying airLher that eiastic term, < : the British Empire—(Applause). If they were to have only British subjeets here, we should have negroes from Africa and the West Indies, Kaffirs from South Africa, the red man from Briti-h yorth America, the Malay from Bo 'neo, the Kanaka from New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, and other savage natives. For these were of tl;e class of British subjects only. He would advise the captain, l>efore pay ng so much attention to the Khoran. to look a little—a very little— into his Shakespeare and read what Doll Tearsheel has to say about captains in general. It would not take long, and he would know what he (the speaker) meant.— (Laughter and applause). He had had the experience of travelling a great deal through Northern Queensland in the execution of his duties as a journalist and correspondent for various papers, and during all his travels he h?.d been in touch with the democracy, which thus afforded him opportunities of acquiring information not given to everybody. The country -consists of swamps, large rivers infested wit 1 alligators, and innumerable noxious reptiles and insects, and was covered on the coast with dense jungles, through which not a foot could they advance without the aid of the axe. so t hat the trial;- and prow.ess of '"'•hristy Palmerston and others who opeaed up the country to the pioneers, cotinuing on to the Palmer, the .aal !:• . i-n-.b! tie I a'jOMS : 11 y )u li.i 1 r !:w':n .:r v.v i o t', :ii nice:-ing c.is: to west, or bunpi.12 bluiy a :r.>« the tilains o' the interior, crow le 1 on; by the Chinamen, the -Lip-, the Kanak is. an: the M.i'.avs. T-ie-=e men who 111.1 te the eoitn'ry. are iyinc it- iie.rlc: :te t gn.ve-. or prese 1 for war 1. as. lull-id said, when the.- ought t > have been ea jfving 'he .-1111 bit-, of a re-p:cted old aa-0. L :t- them take a pa-.illel to ;h.s in the south w ie-e thev fin 1 the pioneers settle 1 down on s: riling h-jnie-ievls. surronnde I with ail the privileges rtin; r.b! j'.e 01 ;tri 1 oles-e luess of h iruc. si enm ! age. :matr "C e |1! illy •DO: -rti mon>. Kit till- in b! : w liiein 1.1? o* i-.r wj;: o:nv 'Wiv>• u n 1 r;e 1 Ir the north aii\ "as niMi-ler. In ue- b. c'teu and cr ;]).-' slid ' {1 • 1 to Cairn-;, and wnat do thev lit id. Theirown kin reniaca 1 011 river and pliutifion by the Jap an 1 th... Ohuw.—'JAppl iuse.) On th-; Johnstone R-verone wjuld fancy himself in a foreign c'ime. Chinese lu uses lined th • banks. Cirnese sanipan? bieasted the .vater. Chinese ios--houses peepel fro 11 plai.tatious. an i Chinese labor^rs dressed in their naive co-tume were eve where visible. The firs: time fie visited that lo-ality he did not know from luV surroundings whetlier h 1 wis in Cnina or Australia. There 1111 ler the iiith parallel of South Latitude, where the sun was hott :r by far than here, he hrd known cases of men cutting tirewood at, 3s. tkl. per cord. They who knew w'lat firewoo i ci.tting was. would know what such service 111-ant.—(A voice, " Slavery.") The same thing was everywhere present throughout the hoaste I British Empire. In Nital almost all labor was drawn from Kaffiis and Coolie.-, and if. was not until he get among the l-'uteh, did a white man tret a show. Importation of colore 1 labir h til been the means of crowding out the whites. Why wis he oppose 1 to the Afghans? Let them loik at South Amcrica, where a iniugHaj of ti e races had been going 011 for over o3l) years, until they now ha 1 a mixed pippula-.ion of about thirty-two distinct vt.rieties. each ;lass as a class, with old hates int-easifie I, constant «;bu\litioas of which rook plic i. The people were ground down to the lowest, had no rights, and were tie slaves of sucjessive rings of a-i'venHirers. B y the iincheck<:d introluetioi of Afgh; r.s ai:d other A^iatits the same thing would occur here. They owe ! a duty to themselves, their children ard their children's chit tren, w lich "i.hey must pay by : e iving the n an untarnished heritage. A p ;tclr.vnrk popu'ation w 5uld Pe an ,ins lit to the giaves of their fathers, the men who bore the orunt of opening tlie country for posterity. (Apulause.) He knew what men like Captain Saunie s winted. Thev had been brought up 111 a military school in a conquered countrv. and ht coild qui'e 1 uderstaii 1 th;it thev .should t-r r to bud t uo \,'hat- they had been u-e ! to. a state where th i white man was surrounded w th slaves. But in all such Slates the e was a ~esi luu 11—a class known as "mean whites," wuo were ground betwen the upper am! ncflier millstone of the slaveowner. Were they prep ired to become "mean whites?" (> r o, no.) The lime was past for such experiments. As late as 1790 the French tr ed it in the West Indies, and after much slaughter it emerged as the abortion of the Hivtiiu Heuubiic, a caricature of a State, w lere nobody or anything is safe, for they kill out of pu r e sport. History teaches that the enslavement, of the people means disaster, neglect and shame. (Applause.) They, the people of Australia, winte 1 freedom, to secure which thev must keep out the invasion which threatened them. He had mentioned Australia, and no doubt there were some who would say that he had been disloyal by giving it prece lence of England. They would also sav that he was an enthusi.-ist, a dreamer, an 1 a Socialist. He threw bc-ck the charge of dislovalty in their teeth. If it was disloyal and treasonable to be defe;minei in defending their "lights, then- he was disloyal, but to his mind it was the grandest and nohlest ideal of loyalty. (-^-ppliuse.) lie wanted the country for the miUitude. the country of the white pioneers ar-dforthe : r white -Viil I •••in. lie, 1 was not loyal to the England thai shot down the Ma'-abele ai d enslave 1 the Hindoo, but he was loval to the British iv.ee. the race of Shakespeare ar-d Milton aud Hums, of de Jlontfori. John R.ill and Olivsr Cromwell. (A voice: OMvcr Croniml'!) Ves. Oliver rfroniwell. who by the nob est and highest patriotism had left them a, glorious heritage. (Greit ajplause.) Thjir names, too, must be hfc.nded down to posterity pure aud unsullie 1. ard to effect such a purpose ne would ,ask them to pass the resolution which lie proposed and use their utmost to keep Australia free. Australians demanded that their country should be sweet, clean ami wholesome. not polluted, cramped and confine! like the country the captain and his party h:-d in their hea-ts. but a country that in the words of the poe: breathed Of God and Home, Of Faith and Fatherlmd." (Prolonged applause.) Mr. Campbell, in a few words, seconde 1 the resolution, and the chairman putting it to the meeting, it was carried unanimously with aeolamation. Mr. John Marshall, who was entrus'e 1 with the second -esolufion. said that it afforded him great pleasure to take part in so large and enthusiastc a demonstration The notice convening the meeting commenced with the word • Hooshtah ! " the interprets.tion of which wis Lie down," anil he would ask them if there was a man amongst them who had not lain down 10 the Afghan ? Tney had neglectei their duty to themselves, their families, and their fellow-men. (App au-se). Self-preservation was the first law of nature, and i, was time they exerte 1 themselves in their own defence. Mr. Yo=:>er in his masterful s leech ha 1 sh'iwn the n the necessity. Eviryone who could admire intellect would admire that de iverv to-nipht. a id help towaids a proper ortcome. This v,as only to be lea'tie i bv or^a'-isa i 11. It was by organ .salon th it Pane!' won victory fo- ire an!.—( \Dnlause) Hs was hat a svn il! part v. but they w-re '-oiesivt*. andliad thus foight to victory. Let them s milarly organise, ami they woul 1 soon burst, up the combinition of the sb: f.imih'es who rpjieareii to own and were dragging the eouutry down. Let them be t-ue to the nsel"es. work.ng firmly shoulder ti shoulder, rating their rlu'v to thei" ciuntry. ail the Afghan wt uld go. (ip j.iause He had much pleasure in pro posing—'Tnat in the best inte ests of thy telds this meeting considers it desirable to establish a League for the purpose of opposing the Asiatic invasion, and to secure the expulsion of those already unlawfully employed upon this field: that a committee l e appointed to organise such League : tud the subscription to the League to be nc; lesa than Is per annum." re- going reso'.u'.ions be forwav.ie \ to the rie-nicr. tic members for the various i 'tel !an ! the Mayor of Coolgardie."' Mr.. Martin Walsh, in proposing it. s 1 i 1 he Mr or. i-i n tin: •1 1! in aiter • n 1 s of the able sp ,-h,, had 111 there w us verv lit'lcf \- hi n to ).;!! nnprej lining ;!i League an he!;.1 al! npnn every 11:1:1 the so r.aie the mivement .-. suoc.es! 'cess. t The res -hition bein put. it was carrie unanimously amidst cheers. Th= cha-ii-riiati h tving real the third r lutiju.a^ follows :—--That copies of the i would .like to -- iv word for Mr. Knowles. whom he knew. He ha I met him in Centra! Australia, an 1 he wis a noted bushman. a de.tenr m-m .1:1 i well-connecte 1. His action :-i shoitiag h • Afgh 111 was 111 more tlnu he W i) 1 Have 1 >:ie himseli. A:i Afg'ian was a go ) i m i-i if yonould tind .1 I Afghan V-'reit hi-jghter) : ba' they all iuat habits whic'i were 101 fit to be expressed in public. Knowles kucv,- the value of water enough to sum uarily protest against Afghans washing in it. and he impel the jury in Albany would acjui: the man, who was a go-,.1 bush- 111 m an 1 a pioneer of Ceu-ral Australia.— (Apolause). dr. r. il ighes in a few words to his brother ligg;rs secoude 1 the motion, an 1 the ci.iii-n.ii before putting it 10 tiie niee'mt dwelt a ion he tes'imonv of Mr. Walsh 111 reterenje to the man Knowles. It was their bo m le i hity to help their fellow man in -iis-tress. [Ic was very glad to learn t've Knowles was so good and respectable a m:.:i. an 1 w JUI 1 hive a report of the feeling o: neeting ia lesfiect. to him sent aud if necessity telegraphs! down. The re-, ihition was carrie I unanimous! '. N T > n; n it ions for the co umittee were ea e 1 : or by the chairman, and it was res j re i ipon the proposition of Mr. Ailday thai ; o ; )m •; ' consist of the mover; > 1 seeo.i-ie.s of the resolutions of the me.::, tiget'ur wi:h the chairman, hi gi^ e 1 o a. Id to their number. ilr Vosorr proposel a vote o Or McKenzie for presiding, and i than step the c )lo.-&! invasion. (Cheers.) The vite \ras carrie i bv accla nation he mee i«j terminated. b? 1 repl- the chat ran in returue : thanks for . Tf'erly and uiiani.nous behaviour of t laigecriwd iroa id him. He promised th the. com uitf.e saould at once get to wo: in 1 by ever one [lulling together ther w.j.i in 