HIS OWNi AUCCUSEI BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY (Author of "DPazzled.") (Published by Spooial Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd. CHAPTER ILI-(Ceonti?ued.) When- the morning sun was well up, a labourer on his way to work found the dead body of Edgar Wilde, shot in the head. The news spread like wildfire, and all those who had seen him the night before marvelled, while all sorts of rumours went flying about. Phil rose from bed at eight o'clock in the morning, at the call of his h6usekeeper,. as though nothing had happened. He went about the house and the garden the ghost of his former self, striving to keep up an appear ance of naturalness and innocence. But before the day was over, he realised the hopelessness of his posi tion, and prepared himself for the worst. In the evening of that day he re ceived, a subpoena to appear at the inquest in the morning. He felt it was his death warrant. After a sleepleso night, he arrayed himself in black, and, walking like one in a trance, made his way to the Stag Inn, where the coroner and his jury were assembled. His face was blanched to a deathly hue, and as he approached, the knot of idlers outside the inn made way for him respectfully. Some touched their hats, others whispered together. Like a man moving to the scaffold, he entered the courtroom, speaking to nobody, appealing not to notice his friends, many of whom were assembled there, and seated himself in a chair at the far end of the room. Everyone respected his grief, and he was left alone. Presently Dr. Chester enters, and leaning on his arm is his daughter Pauline. She is of medium height, with the face of an angel, a clear white skin, lustrous, thoughtful eyes, and a lithsome step. She is very grave and pale to- day, and there is no sign of the bewitching -smile and the rippling laugh that lingered so long in the memory of the love-siok swain who came under the spell of her beauty. Phil staggers to his feet. The colour comes and goes in his lips. She advances to him, and' takes- his cold hand. ' Oh, Phil, this is dreadful-dread ful.' Tears fill her eyes as she sees the awful agony in his face. He sinks back again in his chair. ' Never mind, Phil,' she whispers, pressing his list less hand in hers; ' you have lost him, but you have still got me.' 'She does not know yet,' he thinks, and sits bowed down, silent and re signed for the coming d6nouement. * The blow has not fallen yet. If she could only be spared. How could he get her out of the court ?' The jury are dropping iu one by one, and the coroner has arrived. He holds a short consultation in whispers with his officer, and seeing Phil (whom he knows) looking so terribly dejected, and the cynosure of all eyes, Sgoes over and speaks to him in an undertone. 'I hope you are not upset by the idle gossip that is going about,' he says; 'there is no cause for anxiety. My officer tolls me that the aonso is very plain and simple, and there is a very clear solution of the whole sad business.' His cheerful tone raises a fhint look of surpriase. The court is assembled, and the hideous inquisition begins. Phil's hands clench; thoro is fight left in him yet.. He dotermines to say no more than he can help. Pauline watches the working of his face, and hears nothing of the proceeoodings. Her tears flow freely in sympathy as sho watches her lover's agony,. ' How he mdust have loved Eddie,' she thinks. 'Can I do nothing to soften his grief? Does he love me like that, I wonder ?' Phil's heart is throbbing and his brain reeling, Ho dimly roallos that witnesses are being called to give evideneoo of identification, and he hears the grating voice of Stephen Markham say that he is thoro to represent the family of the deoooeased, instructed by tologram from Amorlqp, whore the doooasod's parents are travolling. A farm labouror gives ovidonoo of the finding of the o.body; also an in speotor of police. Then the landlord of the Stag comes forward and says that he last neaw the deceased leaving . the inn in company with Mr, Phil ERaynor; '* taking Mr. Phil home, sir,' explained the innkeeper, ' How do you moan E taking hhim homo ?"' naked the coroner. * ' Well, air, Mr, Phil was a little the worse for liquor,' . SAll eyes wore turned to Phil, Ho looked dowu on tho ground and did not sOee thorm, but he could fool them like so many hot coals glowing around . him ; ' .. . . " * The ooonasion was an uiiiinusuaIl One, I believe ?' said tho coronor, (thoro had boon a good deal of chalmpagno drunk, hlad thoro not, tidinilch morrl. mont ? . . , Wale tho doaoaiod, in yoiur oilnioin, nobor himrrolPt p' :ia:l~~ ~t abl:T'ita 'YOM aii, quito RobotI iiotlooct fartiottrly that, thClough h]o usuatlly tools it good .deal, Ito hardly drannk a anythin lit all i but ho ans vory uoiny andic~ oxoito air,' !1'hranh you, that will do,' May I nalc tho witnoes i quostion P' naMi Staljbcmn Mu'rlchaw, it dia diyost tono, IWoV o thloro anytlhing during .tho ovmdon g 111k0 1n aitoraation, or any sign 'oi II-·l ooling botwoon Mr, Raynor andl tlho dlouoinod ' A ruurinur ran ourni the courlt 'Nothing that I saw, sir.' Markham repeated the question in an aggressive manner, but the coroner quickly silenced him by. reminding hici that the question had already been answered. Phil felt the first blow had been struck, and by his own agent, his ser vant, his lawyer, Stephen Markham, and it rankled. His blood tingled, and he again resolved to make a fight for his life. He heard his name called, and all eyes were turned upon him. Rising to his feet, he advanced to the end of the long table opposite the coroner. The Book was presented to him, and he took the oath. The ground seemed to sink beneath his feet, the room to become mist be fore his eyes; but among all the faces there he .only saw one, the pallid, haggard face of Stephen Markham, whose malignant eyes were fixed upon him as though trying to read his very soul. The coroner, pitying his embarrass ment, put to him a series of questions. 'You were at the dinner mentioned by previous witnesses ?' 'Yes.' ' The deceased was your friend your greatest friend, I believe ?' ' Yes.' 'Y6u had been drinking freely were intoxicated, in fact ?' 'Yes, for the first time in my life,' said the hollow voice of Phil. Pauline's face flushed crimson, and she bowed her head. Dr. Chester shifted uneasily in his seat. 'But you doubtless remember all that occurred ?' ' I believe so.' ' The deceased saw you home ?' 'Yes.' ' Where did he leave you ?' 'At the lodge gate.' The lie came out with an effort; it stuck in his throat. Th& Book. upon which he had sworn was on the edge of the table, and his hand resting upon it. But he was lying for his life. ' Did he seem in his usual spirits ?' ' I believe so.' Phil raised his hand to his forehead and swayed unsteadily, as though about to fall. ' That will do, thank you.' Stephen Markham rose to his feet again. ' If you have any questions to ask the witness,' said the coroner, sharply, ' he can be recalled after the evidence of the next witness. Mr. Raynor is suffering under considerable emotion. Let him sit down awhile.' Truly he was suffering. He would surely have fallen but for the helping hand of a juryman who guided him to' a chair. Pauline's face reflected his suffering, and her heart bled for her lover. ' Inspector Grant, you have a pocket diary found upon the deceased, I be lieve ?' The inspector stepped to the table. ' 1ill you kindly hand it to me ? The -diary, gentleman,' explained the coroner, 'contains, I think, the solu tion of the whole business. I will `read the oentries only which refer to this sad case, and leave you to form your own conclusion.' He'slowly turned over the leaves of the little book he held in his hand. '.I will read the first entry which appears to bear on this case,' he said, and commenced in a low, reverent voice to read the words of the dead: ' "September 12th. ?'" To day I have received a terrible blow. My life is at an end, for Phil teolls me he has asked Pauline to be his wife, and she has accepted ',him. The ' Rose of Ilohestor' is not for me. What is there for me to do but to put an end to my miserable life ?"' Pauline gave a little gasp of aso tonishment, and a murmur ran round the room. S '"September 13th. '." I think I shall shoot myself, A broken heart isn't like a broken head. I can endure a good deal, but I am hard hit. If I had a gun here I'd do it now. Can I go to the dinner to morrow and put a brave face upon it P I know Phil is not the changeablo man that I am; he will make her happier than I, but---' ' Hero the entry breaks off,' said the coroner, i '" Septomber 14th, ' "I'll go to the dinner and wish them joy, and then I think the boest thing I can do is to drink myself blind drunk and shoot myself' ''There is no entry after that, gentlemen,' added the coroner. A general sigh of relief and sup. pressed whisporing followed this sudden change in the complexion of the whole business, and attention was again dirooted to Phil. Hle did not see his chance of esoape, nor did he realise the importance of of what had boon read. He knew Eddie's temperament, and they did not. He know very well that Eddio was the sort of follow to make entries like that in his diary after losing his last fiver on a racehorse, He had hoard him threaten to shoot himself in almost those very words because the weather was bad and he couldn't go hunting, It was his ordinary exaggerated verniaaular, He was a youth of vari able mood, his spirits up one mlitUto and down the next. Phil himself never for a moment oredited the theory of suloldo, though it was at once fully accepted by everybody. Pauline buried her face in her hands, and the sound of her sobs silenced the hubhub in court and added to Phil's suffer. ings till ho could almost have shdilokod aloud, ' I-I am the tmur. darorr ' but he sat still like one stunned, Dr, Chester, who was much moved by hie dnclahtor's grief, gave his miodioal ovldenco labouring under strong emotion. The coroner out it as short as possible, and there remained nothing but the verdict of the jury, A lot of talking and whlsporring and asking of questions, and passing to and fro' of blue papers and the pocket diary for a few minutes. And then one man stood up and spoke to the coroner a few words, and Phil realised that the proceed ings were over, the jury having decided unanimously that Edgar Wilde had committed suicide whilst in a state of unsound mind, and that Mr. Phil Raynor left the court without a stain upon his character. The words cut into his heart like knives. He stood up as if about to speak. But' his last chance of un burdening his conscience was gone. He wae hustled to -and fro in the breaking up of the court; a few friends crowded round him and shook him by the hand; Pauline slipped hers into his and spoke to him, but he did not hear what she said. At last he managed to say that he wished to be completely alone; and, respecting what seemed to Dr. Chester his great grief, Pauline was drawn away by her father, and Phil left to himself. Stunned and trembling, he turned to leave the place, but at the door he was met by Stephen Markham, who extended his hand with a sneering smile. Phil took it mechanically. It was as cold as his own. - 'Allow me, Mr. Raynor, to con gratulate you on your narrow escape,' said Markham, with an emphasis upon the last words that was full of meaning. Phil looked into the snake-like eyes of the man whom from that monment he knew to be his master. The man had read the truth, and held his secret. Better for Phil would it have been to have unburdened his soul then; better for Pauline, for Stephen Mark ham had his own game to play. (To be continued.) 