ITEMS OF NEWS. Tbe anpnal meeting of the Castlemaine Dis trict Horticultural Society will be held next Tuesday. " Pedestrians and others are reminded that en- tries for the St Patrick s Day sports at Mary borough close on Thursday next. A lad named Charles Pyke, 44 years old, died in the Hospital yesterday from acute rheuma tism. Deceased was admitted to the ioslitution last week from Winter's Flat. A fall attendance of tbe Australian Natives' Association. is convened for this evening to con sider the husiuess paper of the annual con ference to be held at Warrnambool. ; The contracts of the undermentioned have been accepted for the supply of forage to the police C. B. Cook for Yandoit.and Newstead ; G. Godfree for Castlemaine ; \V. A. Reid for Fryerafpwn,. MalmSburj,. and Taradale. ! w The humb&r; of inhabita'nts in .the following licensing districts have been determined as follows Elmore, 1100 ; Goorn'ons, 535 ; Run- nymede', 177o ; Castlemaine, 3870 ; Chowion, 1310 ; Fryers, 2570 ; Harcourt, 1116 ; Su tm Grange, 535: Mr Thomas Campbell, an old resident of Trentham; died yesterday whilst going home with his mate from his claim. Deceased com plained of illness and his mate advised him to go home, but on the way he lay down on the road and expired without a word. Mr W. O'Hare, a very old resident of Chewton, died in the Hospital yesterday from general debility. The deceased was admitted to the institution on the 14th inst. For a number of years he successfully carried on the hay and corn business at Chewton, but latterly has kept an hotel in that borough. He was one of the very few who had resided in Chewton, and was acquainted with its earliest history. At the Police Couit yesterday, before Messrs Elliott and Cunnack, J.'eP., u young man namod Hector Ross was charged with being a lunatic wandering at large. His father said he.had.lieon away for a couple of mcnthB at Woodman's threshing machiue,-. and hearing- he had been wandering in his mind, he went to Bee him. He fnund him talking a lot of foolish things, and asking the cheapesb way to bury him His mother was in tbe lunacy ward at Kew. He was remanded for eight dayp. A successful and enjoyable' storoopticon on- tortainment was given in St Mary's. eohool-rnnm on Saturday riigb't by Profets'or Mu'ller. The views shown were chiefly those relating, to Egypt and the Holy Land, and they were , of a h'gh-c'ass. order. . To morrow night the Pro fessor will give an entertainment; entitled " A tour round " the world," in tho Theatre Royal. There will be produced scenes of England, Scotland,. Ireland, Paris, Berlin, I'aly, Suez Canal, India, New York, Niagara Falls; San Francisco, with startling effects ; of ; snow storms, aurora borealis, skeleton danceB, ghosts and moving steamer. A man named Heffernari was found by'the police at Ballarat rushing about the town early .yesterday morning, complaining he had been robbed by a man in kilts of L400, He said he believed the wearer of the kilt' was a Chinaman, with whom lie had been spending the evening. The police' lodged him in the lockup, believing him to bo suffering from the " jimjams." Further news regarding the rush to Pinnacles states that Cqolgardie is practically deserted. It is estimated that there will be upwards of 2000 men at Pinnacles within a woek, the road through being dotted with teams and pedes- trinns. Mr D. Lindsay describes it as splendid alluvial gold, but with'. no reefs showing. It is situated 53 miles north-east of Ooolgardie, and within 40 milos'of Mount Magnet. The longest waterless stage is from Wliiio Feather to' Pin nacles. 45 miles. Oondonsera are erected at Lake Lepage: '10 miles away.' Three hundred and threo ounCes of gold, obtained by three men at the rush," hdF been sold, mostly iri nuggets. One . is cut into three piee'e'i/ of flOezekoH. arid there are several lamps' of from 5oz to i2 tz each. When the Government took over lite Com missioner's Savings Bank ; a few months ago It was .found that the commissioners had been in the praotioe of sending money out on mortgage, in large sums, on building's and properties. Mariy of these mortgages are beginning to, fail :due, which will, leave ; monoy available for utilisation in other directions. The Treasurer, in pursuance of , his policy of advancing small sums on mortgage to .farmers and others,, has written to the - commissioners authorising them to advanoo money in small suma from L200 upwards,- the rate of Interest not to exceed 5 per cent. The mortgagor will in all cases, have to . pay ihe valuation, fee,- which will be charged. ,ori as reasonable a scale as potaiblo. ! : The firsb consignment of poultry to the L-ridori : market, a venture undertaken on the suggestion :of Mr L. L. Smith, M.L.A., some mouths ago, ! was shipped in the R M.S. Parramatta, which .aailed on. Saturday. There were 11 orates iri all, 'containing 171' chickens, 44 ducklings, 6i 'teal, 36; wild duok, four eurlews, 100 pair of rabbits, arid .one gross of hen eggs. Samples of game plucked and in feathers have been shipped to ascertain ' which the English buyers prefer. Preparations for the second shipment in the R.M.S. Cuzon, whioh leaves on Saturday, are now being made. Since the 3rd of January 2187 " ail. lines" biokets have been issued by the Railway De partment. They consisted of 189.firBt and 414 second class, tbe total revenue yielded being L2187. B The P. and O. Uo.'s.raail steamer Massiiia, with the English mails to January 26:h, has arrived at Albany,- and after being quarantined : in consequence of a case of small-pox. having ocourred on hoard aailed. She should reaoh Adelaide on Wednesday, but It is doubtful ; whether she will arrive in time for the mails to leave by the expr'efs on that day. Should sh'o not. do so thoy will not be doiiverod iri Mel bourne until Friday. A sad drowning acoidont has ooourred In Gun- bowerOreek. Frank Harrison, who is wellknown in the distriot, when out boating with another man named J. Doyle, fell into the Oreek. Doyle made a gallant effort, to save him, and succooded i tni putting him back in the boat, when Harrison, who;w.aa apparently in a day. ad opndition, threw ! bimeelf : upon Doyle, and both fell In the water. Doyle had some trouble in saving himself. ; Harrison's body was recovered in an hour's t'une, but life was eilino)-, -although Constable Walker and Mr Bailey made efforts to restoW animation. From the annual report ;-,of the seoriiarj|jpr, Coptobie, it appears that the t'O' .-fS8 excise and distilleries branh'li of lita- ."Mwrt- motit;;;wBs LI 2, 737, as compared with L13.087 in 1891 92, and as a sot-off during 1893 an nmotiht of L4453 was received in fines and L1434 in chits, bo, that the net cqst was L6849. Tliere are ' now 14 typhoid phtleriti in the BaUarat Hospital. The prevalence of this epidemic is causiiigfuncaslness there. t Anstralian .winegrowers', (writes ,ihe 'Argus London corrospoudent) will be gratified to lenrn that the ImpOrtanoB- of Australian wines into England, during 18(13 exceeded by nearly 20 per cent, those for the Druvioua year, tho figures bhirig for 1893 664(90741, as h(faiii8t.464.561ifaJ in 1892, or a total, incroasq of 90,346gal. This increase is the more welcome, as Messrs P. B. Burgoyne a„6 Co.'' (loiht out, beoause the Board of Trade roturus show ..that, vipes from all sources ioipnrtefi irito. tiie United Kingdom decreased 2,638,538gal as compared with 1892. The report of Mr. Charles Frehoh',, Govern ment cntomoiogist,, ha?, besri recsiyed .by, the Departnierit of, Agfioulture. Mr 'Freriph . has made a thorough .inspection, of the vineyards in the Arayat district, .arid Has not.dia'opyered iii ariy of them the slightest, trace of.phyllqxBra, . The Aurora, Australia was visible in.Echucjt ou Sunday , evening. Some of the . resident's .mis taking tho glow for the reflection of a fire iri tlie sonth end of the town caused (tho tirebell to be rung, and the fire brigade turned put. '' , . :, Whjie a party were out wild pig hun.ting , In Southland (N. Z.).twp men wh'awerpiri.a krieel. ing position in advance wsro mistaken in , the darkness for a yonth, . who' fired at tfioiri, killing a farmer named Neil.M'Donald. .,;l . , At Charters Towers ' Captain' M'Kerizie and '.Lieutenant', Morrison, of .tbs'-SalyptiopjArmy, were sentenced to .a week's im'prisonmerit' for obstructing the roadway.. (;A peculiar epidemic has broken put among the children attending the State schools at Warburton E»st arid West. Tbo symptoms appear as if the head, were effected in some way, and in about three days afterwards the sight is entirely grins. Mr W. Simpson'ri daughter is co'm'pife'tely biind. ' The board of advice are co'm- sideririg the advisfthiilty of closing tbe schools, i ' The malls which left Melbourne- per,R.M.S. Orotava in Janilary 23rd; arid w.hich'>eredne in Englairid on Febrnary 28th, arrived on the 23rd inst: ; - i i .i -The ;Union. Bank has established, a, branch at Coolgardie. - Here is the manager description of the -local, position:— -"-You ought ; to, see .the barik we are in,. composed of .ons room in;whip.h aro three gin; cases for. a. counter, and myfielf behind - the gin case clad in a shirt and a pair of trousers: It is simply lovely !,',' r.t'.u-lwi Quite a. hew.: line - was struck. :out by . some thieves . operating in':. East Melbonrne on Wednesday last. Ordinarily a public hall offers little temptaf ion. to the. housebreaker, but iri the caee under. -notice: the, robbers,' conceived the idea Of miking' away .with the, piano from tho Unitarian Hall, in,, Grey-street, East: Mel bourne: and carried their scheme. into effect last Wednesday night.- The , hall was used , on Tuesday night,, but ;no one except; the 'thieves appears to have entered ;.the placo again, until Thursday evening, , when, a party, of ladies arid gentlemen attended ; the hall for the purpose of practising singing. They were surprised to find that the instrument, a splepdid iron framed, u'prlght: grand, by Schmitt and Sohn,:Np. 9151; and valued at... L60;, had been, removed: / The piano: was recovered yesterday -at a, laundry in Lygori-street. - It appears th'at a Clrltori van- man was. employed, to remove the. piano .fro, m East1 Melbourne by ri man at.' about' 4- o'clock' ori Thursday morning. He took it to hie house, and it remained there stored until' the person wh'6'b'ad engaged him in.. the. first instance to remove, it- had- it taken away, he having sold it to an auctioneer in Jphristori-sfreot'. Iri the meantime efforts ha'd .been" made to sell the piano.in several music warehouses. in Carlton.. The estimated population of, the colony on fh'e 31st December last was i, 174,022 ; the males numbering .608,065, arid females ,565,957., At the end of 1893 the estirriate'd popnlaiion' of New South Wales was 1,223,370; the increase during the" year being' 26,320 ; that of Queensland was 432.298, - the increase during the year,, .being 11,001 ; and that of Tasmania was 154.424, the increase during the' year being 12801 . The estiriiated populations of the other Australasian colonies were as .follow at tho' dates iri, 1893 placed , against their respective; riymes :-South' Australia, oxciusive of the" Northern' Territory (1st N-'vember)., 339,892 ;. Western, Australia (30ih. Septomher),; 64,046 ; New (Zealand. (30th J u'rio) 666 642.- !,' ' V; ' , . ' . ' 'j A sad -biirriirig fatality, occrirrrid, on; Sunday riiglit'iit Balniaiii, rrisulting iri the death of Wm. Dunson, a labourer. . The deceased -and his wife occupied a weatherboard house iri Bruce-street, and were in the kitchen when the fire broke'out. It gained such a hold on ' the house ithiatithe neighbours coulc1 only remove Mrs Dunsford, who- had fainted on the 'alarrri being; given.' Strenuous efforts were made, to rescue Dunsford, but without avail, arid it was only when thri t're brigades got the' fii-e thoroughly under control that his charred remains were found. In responding to a toast at the opening of the horticultural , show at Burwopd on Saturiliiy afternoon .' the-yPremier said ho thought -yri, lia'd reached tlie bottom of our (roubles providing citizens had the good sense to discontinue (hose meetings respecting the unemployed agitation which were;)jqing held in arid around Melbourne just now. These gnthei-irigs, he observed, '.terided to harass the Government and hamper the enter- in-ise of those private persons who might be in a position to do something towards alleviating the great distress at present existing. s . . ; A telegram from Charloville states that the country is in a. doplorable condition-, and that stock are dying in large numbers. :If rairi does not come soon tho carriers and selectors .will have to leave (ho district. Rapid progress is being made in the stowage of frozen carcases of sheep on board the ship Timaru. The vessel will take away from Gee- long 16,000 carcases, and up to Saturday even ing about 2,000 head had been stowed away. The sheep aro killed at tho corporation abattoirs in Geelong West, and after the carcases . are dressed they are placed in the cool chambers immediately adjoining the slaughtering premises and there gradually chilled. ' ' 