Getting the Wrong Bridegroom. A mistake which happens oftener in books than in real life occurred the other day at Hankow. While two bridal processions were fighting for precedence at one of the city barrier gates, which had been closed by some rowdies for the purpose of exacting toll from the relatives and escorts of the brides, the bridal chairs some how got mixed, and so were taken to the houses of the -wrong bridegrooms, who, according to the prevailing custom of China^ having never seen their brides 'before, were unable to detect the mistake. After the usual prostrations, each happy pair proceeded to the nuptial chamber. Judge, then, the astonishment of the two brides' mothers, when, on going the next morning, ac cording to custom, to present the usual hair-oil to the brides, they found that each had got hold of the wrong bridegroom. A great clamor was raised, and when the newly-made relations came to identify their daughters and sons-in-law, the conviction remained that the parties had some- i how got mixed. A general hunt was made in the / town, but this was rather a difficult task, as, owing .to the luckiness of the day, several mar riages had taken place in the city. At last, how ever, the right daughter and wrong son-in-law were found, and the parents of the girls thought there was no help for it but to put a good face on the matter, and acknowledge their new relations. Had the sons-in-law both been equally well off, no great regret would probably have been ex pressed, and the situation would have been ac cepted with a good grace. TJnf ortunately, how ever, one of the sons-in-law happened to be in poor circumstances, while the bride's family is a rich one, so there was a good deal of dissatisfac tion in one family. 'Come inside a minute,' said a dealer in pianos recently. 'I have discovered the greatest fly trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.' - He led the way to an instrument at the rear of the store on which was a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of sweet peas. At least 1000 dead flies were lying on the paper in the immediate vicinity of the bunch of flowers. ' I threw these here by chance,' he continued, 'and in about ten minutes I happened to notice that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short time.' Even as he spoke a number of the insects which had stepped to suck the deadly sweet had toppled over dead. They alighted with their usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered in their legs, flapped their wings weakly Beveral tunes, and then gave up the ghost. 