DEIGINAT - ,UGRRl#6:NfiEftCE. SiTIUTtrALlSM: fo the Editor, Sin, — With your kind permission I visli io Bay ft iew words of comment on the late Sjidnejr stittti Which is on the tets lust now. (1.1 That' the conduct of Henry at Mrs. Mellon's seance must he condemned by all per sons who know anything of the mys tery and phases of the wonderful phenomenon of spiritualism. (2.) That such men as Dr. M'Carty, whose curiosity, under the cloak of selerico and investigation, would allow_ the medium to bo interfered with while in trance and under spiritual influence, shoWVant ttf understanding and even intelllgehCh ifa tile subject. (3.) That interfering with any persdll tindfe'r control of spirits is both hurtful to health and even dangerous to life. (4.) That the public should seemingly be delighted at the words " fraud and exposure" when applied to spiritual istic manifestations, that ttfe well- known to be genuine, is very much to be regretted. (5.) That there "is .nothing new to he discovered, especi ally by tlbseemly conduct, or nothing new in any of the maniffistatlono of spiritualism that so-called scienco or investigations can possibly elucidate ; as Bell's electric batteries, powerful horse shoe magnets, wheels nud a host of other appliances have all failed to expose, or give the slightest clue, to the why and the wherefore, cause and effect, of these truly wonderful phen omena. (6.) That in all countries and in all times, ancient and modern, have these manifestations taken piace. (7.1 That when the beginning, end and' object of our existence are known spiritual cause, eBBence, and effect will be made known also. (8.) That the human mind and its connections and associations is as much secret now as it was to Adam is a fact undis- putable. And now I wish to ask what can be the object gained by this so-called exposure. There is nothing to expose. Every living soul will eventually become a spirit, or else all our religious teaching means nothing, and is a fraud (though I trust not, and accordingly spiritualism is not), and if we can by certain means and conditions develop the power to con verse with those who have lived on earth and passed away in the order of nature and things, this is true science indeed. Many of us possess innate gifts or powers, or whatever is most acceptable to call them, of writing, seeing, hearing and talking with those spirits without doubt ; and there are some few who are favoured by nature with an organization and condition for the materilization of the spirits from imperceptible atoms and the vital principle of their own bodies. But to try and clutch the Becrets from nature by violence mustalways provoa failure. Henry's unsophisticated intelligence might be better employed in explain ing Pepper's ghost with its mirrors: and magic lanterns, bat clairvoyance and materialization are a cut above his ingenuity. I ' think he talked about making Mrs. Mellon obey his dictum for a rigid test. There is only One who can command, and that is neither Mr. Henry nor Dr. M'Carty, and should Mrs. Mellon be induced to attempt a sitting in their company, either test or otherwise,' she will lose her mediumship and the cage (unless it is to padlock the HonryB in), will be a failure, but when I 'find such men as Mr. Terry and Mr. Spriggs there, I have no cause to fear that they will fail to advise Mrs. Mellon for the best and see things put right. If any of the public who wish to see spirit form, the time, place and date of materialization, I refer them to Eglington's book on Spirit Photo graphy, to be had in Melbourne. . It haB not nppeared aB far as I could see that Henry was fleeced out of any money, and it appears the persons who formed the circle were respectable and : above suspicion. What object then, could be gained by deception ?. So at once and forever, let the educated and thinking portion of mankind discard tbe words " fraud and exposure " and examine, if pos sible into these mysteries with rever ence, calmness and good faith, and the reword will be worthy their consideration. We will say, for argument's sake, that it was a show. Well, I consider that Mrs. Mellon is tbe most clever lightning change artist in that case, and I should Bay could obtain grand engagements and high salaries from managers in Lon don as her changes, so rapid, from a tall figure to a child, were simply marvellous. Listen to this " After another brief interval, the small form known ub Oissie was seen in front of the cabinet. The whole figure except ing the little black face, was enveloped in white drapery and she came for ward with a brisk confident movement, (could any woman on her knees come forward in that manner), kissing her hands to tho sitters." This should bring down tho house if it could be produced for the amusement of the gods, surely ; but I doubt if it could, Certainly when Henry made the rush to find the mare's nest, who could he grab but the only person there,— that was the medium ; as the figures which appeared previous know too much to be caught in that crude simple way. So now, Sir, I will leave the rest until another time. Medium. Wahgunyah, Oct. 29th, 1894. 