TASMANIAN INTERNATIONAL EXHI BITION. Messrs W. B. Marsh and James Brickhill, who, with Mr J. T. M'Donald, were deputed by the northern committee of the Tasmanian International Exhibition to visit the North-West Coast in order to lay before the leading residents there the desirableness of the coast being repre sented, returned to the city yesterday morning. They visited Burnie on Wednes day, and on that evening held a meeting at the Bay View Hotel, Mr A. K. Chap man, S.M., presiding. The members of the deputation pointed out the objects of their visit, and especially alluded to the products of the North- West Coast, includ ing the iron ore of the Blyth, which, it was suggested, would make an excellent trophy. A committee was appointed, with power to add to their number, consisting of Messrs J. W. Norton-Smith, W. Jones, W. B. Bell, A. K. Chapman, E. J. Tracey, Thos. Kenner, S. Bird, and C. H. Hall, The deputation visited Wynyard on the following morning, and a meeting of residents was held in the Town Hall, the following committee being appointed: Messrs R. Quiggin, C. O'Callaghan, E. E. Atkinson, Dr. Graham, C. J. Mackenzie, C. B. M. Fenton, R. W. Roberts, F. A. Callaway, E. Stutterd, J. G. Gome, J. Byrne, G. Peart, G. Smith, F. E. Windsor, Rev. Mr Payne, with power to add to their number. After the meeting the party drove to Ulverstone, and a meeting was held in the rooms of MrT. Collett in the evening. Brief addresses were given by the delegates, mention being made of each of the products of the district' and atten tion called to the iron ore of the Penguin, as well as dairy and other produce, which it was suggested should be e xhibited. Dr John M'Call took the I natter up very warmly and referred to the capabilities of the district, agreeing with the members of of the deputation that the coast should be represented at the Ex hibition. He moved that the fol lowing be appointed a committee, with power to add to their number :-Mesera Collett, Finlay, Branon, W. Cox, Lakin, J. Burns, Wells, Colhoun, Mason, H. Frith, Dr. M'Call,[and R. S. Taylor. The motion was seconded by Mr Meson, and agreed to. A desultory discussion followed, during which various details were reviewed, and the meeting separated. Mr Marsh states that at each of the pikces visited promises were given by the residents that they would do all in their power to make a satis factory show. They entered into the matter very enthusiastically, and it is pro bable that the trophies and exhibits of dairy produce which will no doubt be sent to ti:e Exhibition will be a credit to the cosst. In addition to the above particulars, which a representative cf the Examiner obtained from Mr Marsh, the following has been sent by our Ulverstone corres pondent regarding the meeting held at Mr T. Collett's office on Thursday evening : Mr Brickbill explained the object of their visit, and said that strong support had been promised all over the colonies and the districts here,and they were seeking to get the best possible collection of exhibits. Launceston had promised to contribute largely, and he trusted that the matter would receive due support among the resi dents of the North-lWestCoast. Mr W. It. Marsh congratulated the Ulverstone people on the success of their local exhibition, and considered that some of their local trades men, notably among others Messrs L. Titmus and C. and P. Naylor, had made their mark in their tr -de by the excellent display they had made of their handiwork, the former in agricultural implements and the latter in vehicles of all descriptions. He gave valuable information concerning the evaporation process of various fruits and vegetables, such as pota toes, peas, etc. He also strongly advised that a largo collection of minerals from the coast, such as iron, tin, and silver ore, should be sent for exhibition. He touched on the butter industry, and advised the amalgamation of factories in each dis trict, so that the butter would be sent home to the market as one sample. Mr M'Donald, in a few words, confirmed the remarks of Mr Marsh. Dr. M'Call then moved ' That in order to further the interests of ;he Exhibition as far as this district is concerned a committee be formed of those present to carry out that object." The moeion was seconded by Mr Mason, and carried unanimously. It Ras arranged for an early meeting of the committee, when a secretary will be appointed and active canvass for exhibits commenced. A vote of thanks to the deputation was accorded and also to the chair. HOLLOWAY's PILLs.--Good Spirits,-Every one has floquently exper'enced eudden per Eonal changos from gaiety to gloom. The wind and weather oftentimes receives the blame when a faulty diges'ion la alone the cause of the depression. Holloway's Pills can be honestly recommended for regulating a disordered etomnch and improving digestion. They entirely remove the cons- of fulness and oppression after eating. They clear the furred tongue and act as a wholesomue stimulant to the liveor, and as a gentle aperient to the bowels. They healthfully rouse both I ody and mind. Holloway's Pills are the best known antidote~ for want of np: etitu, nausea fl :tnler,cy, heart burn, languor, depression, and t:at apathy Fo clarnetelistic of chronio derangr meat of the digestion. W. D. PEACOCK'S Pune Jar.--Quality unsurpasred, manufactured in the fruit season osly from f ash fruit and the h'ghost grade of refined?eugar. In the process of manufacture stringent cleanliness is observed, and the article contains no colcuring matter or adlulteration of any kind Sald by leading merchants and all respectable grocers. 