PRACTICAL SCIENCE. i A LABGK MICROSCOPE. A gigantic microscope is being constructed in Munich. It has a magnf.uag ]-ower of 11,000 diameters, which can be increased to 1G,000 by means of an electric light, the image being thrown on a screen. In order that the heat of the lamp may occasion an expanbion of the metallic portions of the armature and consequently displace the focus of the lenses, a bronze cylinder, con taining liquor carbolic acid, is bo arranged that a little liquid escapes when the tempe rature reaches a certain point, and by its evaporation reduced the armature to a nor mal temperature. ALTEKSATINQ CUBBBNTtf. Attentiou is called to the fact that many novel and interesting phenomena arc being obtainedtbv the use of alternating current s of very high frequency. These point toward the'transmission of signals, and possibly of ' power, through space, without the use of conductors. Prospects of further develop ment arc based ou a considerable measure of success already achieved, in the trans mission of power by electricity, the trans mission of speech across the occan, the manufacture of chemical product*, aud in chemical processes. A notable instance of thia latter ib the development of electric tanning. A BAVL. DRIVEN BICYCLE. A Califomian cyclist, Mr C. D. White, has fixed a slight sail carried by a bamboo mast to bis wheel, and, when running before the wind, has touched a speed of 15 mi leu an hour. The maet is set in a hard pine block, clamped to the bitung, is 10 feet high, and the boom is 8 feet long. The sheets ruus through » small pulley under the seat, the end being held in the hand. The sailing bicyclist haB to keep as sharp a look out for a squall as a sailing canoeist— as a sudden putt' of wind will lift the hind wheel off the ground. Not much navigation skill is needed any more than in exiling on skates; nor so much as ijn travelling in a sand-yacht at Southport T3bc chief objection, of course, is the bother of carrying the rigging when winds are contrary, but Mr White's gear only adds some 7 lb to the weight of hia wheel. CBHOMCUAI' AND ALUMINIUM A new process has been introduced for imparting hardness to aluminimu, by the addition of chro4iium. In couseqnence of the difference in the fusing points of the two metals, certain precautions liave to be taken to alloy them both, and if electrolysis is empl03*ed for the purpose, it is slated tUat one or other of the known methods can be used, and the alumina, salts of alumiaa, cryolite, etc. , treated direct with » deter mined quantity of salts or oxides, chromium, granulated chromium, or chromium in any other suitable condition. GHOBTB AND CBEMATION. Superstition holds au all-powerful sway over part of the human race, and ghosts, uncanny apparitions, are regaroeo as realities, especially by children and those who never die — the fools. The country people take especially good care that the betief in ghosts shall not vanish. They tell of the appearance of the dead, and even the most courageous arc frightened at the howl ing of the winds, the cry of a bird, or the uncertain sliadows of the moon. Although wc may laugh ai this fearT because we know that no ghost ever was proof against thorough investigation, we quite understand it. The charcb.rtsrd explains it «U — the churchyard with its uncanny solitude, its unsavory contents ; and it is natural for the ignorant to believe that tho dead come forth from their gravce. Those whom we once saw in the beauty of vigorous life are here given over to a mode of destruction wbich causes indefinable horror to the ignorant. As long as the body is slowly wast ing away in the ground, it will be diflicult ' to overcome the fuar of gliosis, for there is a belief that the body auy* assist tbe spirit or guost in appearing to hb. Tbe bright »nd cheerful oolumbarium with its urns : open to view is materially opposed to the I churchyard. Tbere is nothing to mystify j us in the columbarium, nothing dark, nothing finifCer. Tboie pure pi&ef; do, ] indeed, speftk to vs of the shortness -of H £e, but not accompanied by those Jiorrors^which I arc associated with decomposition in the' , grave. We may imagine hundreds of jurns I around ub, containing the last unchanged and unchangeable vestige of oar departed friends; these artistic vessels cannob .be made to force horrid -apparitions upon onr | imagination, Kven tne moBt . ignorant | understands that fire is purifying, ' and it 1 will not be difficult to create the belief that everything wicked has bees destroyed' by the cleansing flame. Superstitious peftom arc able to imagine an apparition pf ahbtrid skeleton half -clothed in flesh, shrouded in n tatterfed moulding cloth, because this corres ponds witb the actual state and appearante of the body in the grave. But it is impos sible to conjure up such an apparition' from the little heap'of ashes caused -by fire. An American gentleman, a Mr Ttlain, has allowed a surgical artist lo perfom an operation on bis nose. This feature in hU face was quite too obtrusive, and lhat he was, in fact, known by his nose everywhere. All his life he liad been worried 'by the pro minence and the exceptional length of that organ, and lately, piucbiug up his courage, he determined to have it cuttailed and im proved. Operations of thiB kind arc rarely resorted to. owing to the danger that at tends tbem, and the responsibility is great 1 of the surgeon who undertakes them merely to gratify the vanity of a-iiealthy person. In the case of Mr Ktain, however, it is satisfactory to know that his nose has been shortened without any complications ^ en suing. The patients for such operations, we read, are put under the influence of chloroform, and a piece of the cartilagc three-quarters of an inch long is' then re moved from the end of the nose. Then the lower portion is joined to the upper part, Th: wound it appears, is now healed, and Mr Klain looks an entirely different indi vidual; in fact, at first sight, his friends hardly recognised him, n&w; that the promi nent nose is a thing of the past, AN AGE OF ETESL. The Eiffel Tower, built wholly of metal, is an example, and a good example,- of a I step in the direction which architects wiU be driven to follow in future. The' great- railway stations, exhibition buildings, and other structures of steel, concrete, paper, and glass, which the needs and inventions of our day have called into existence, show which way flows the stream of tendency. Tbe building material has come to stay. In another century houses may not merely be built with steel girders, that I may be made out of metal frames bolted together and prirminp' walls of nauir-machc. Then the age of the tent will return. A man will buy. his house from a manufacturer and will hire a site to set it up on. When he moves from one place to another he will take hie home with him. Building leases will die a natural death Towns will wander about, and a great many curious results will arise. MISCELLANEOUS. Compressed gas is being introduced lor motive power in the river boats on the Seine. The Italian fire engines are supplied with hose fitted with elcctnc wires, so that tne fireman can communicate with those at the engine. A new steam hammer, 6aid to be the largest iu the world, wceutly put up in the Krupp gun factory at Essen, is bo delicately a IjuBted that it could be made to beat out a hair-spring. A European firm has succeedcd in incor porating with steel a small quantity of ferro platiumn by a secret process. This alloy is : quite easy to work, and il is said to stand a wonderful strain. It has heretofore been almost impossible to make large castings of aluminium, but the difficulty has now been so far overcome that pure aluminium bath-tube are now made in a single picc-. Where the telephone wirea are over-land, the speed of transmission is at the rate of 10,000 miles a second ; where the wires are through cables under the sea, the speed is not more than 6020 miles a sccond. In a recently constructed New York hotel electricity lights the whole building, runs & dozen large ventilators on the roof, polishes the silver in the kitchen and washes and irons clothes io the laundry. Every room is connected with the office by tele phone, and every closet is so arranged that when the door is opened a light is turned on automatically. 