A Ghost on a Bicycle. A KEAL GHOST STORY. (By John J. O'Shka.) [ALL' BIGHTS EESKB.VED.] There was a squad of us, belated wheel men, one evening, sitting round a comfort able hin at an out-of-the-way place, with an out-of-the-way name, containing all the letters of the alphabet and several more thrown in, in North Wales* The spot was in the hills somewhere near Pont-v-Pridd ; and though it isn't much affected by cyclists on account of its being uphill work to get to it, it had been made for by common con sent by three or four of us who were going together in one direction, and three or four more whom we met going in another, for a very good and sufficient reason. The clerk of the weather had got into - his tantrums. We had had a little thunderstorm from him, and a little shower ? — short, sharp, and decisive. It sent sundry watercourses tumbling down the road in a few minutes, and drenched us thoroughly. We knew this outr-of-the-way caravansery was somewhere about and we made for it, for according to all meteorological appear ances it was, for some time to come, a case of making the best of it, most decidedly. All cyclists are philosophers. Our squad kept up with the reputation of the order by proceeding forthwith to make themselves as comfortable as the circumstances, and a judicious spirit of economy, permitted. We were all determined to have the feast of reason and the flow of soul for that particu lar evening, just to show the weather clerk that we were men not to be put put of sorts by his caprices ; but we had one and all registered a vow that we would not pay too much for the aforesaid feast and flow. This, however, by- the-bye. The virtues which the spread of the cycle has been the means of nurturing are frfr subject for a learned treatise in themselves ; this writing concerns an abstract matter. Neither is it matter for present concern what our squad did, said, or thought all this particular evening. But it is fitting and proper to re late that when a variety of erudite, scientific and humorous topics had been duly threshed out and settled to our mutual satisfaction, 'Horror I He was gaining on me.' '. somebody suddenly sprang the proposition dot the cycle and the genius of romance lead nothing in common— that, in fact, they Were»e£ daggers drawn. Whoever, for in Stance he queried, had heard of a ghost Upon a bicycle P Nearly all the company laughed at the Idea. But there was one of them ?who cBdn't. 'Don't laugh, gentlemen,' he said quietly, **at least, don't laugh until you know. I JKot one ! ' There are more things on wheels than (tte- dfeamed of in our philosophy,' he went ©&, eententiouely ; « and I think, in due time, the cycle will take its proper place in the yati-mn of romance like its noble predecessor, ~|iie horse. When the future poet of the aoiseless steeds shall have arisen, we shall doubtless have the counterparts of the Winged Horse of the poem and the Phooka «C the legend.' 'Hang it, old man, don't go on so ; we'll have to call for the Welsh substitute for Irish 'whisky punch if you do,' cried one of the company. ' I move you give us the yarn as an alternative, before we try the ftfltav -Jvils.' lit© other, rousing hlmB&lf; from a sort of xevadd, threw himself back in hia chair, and, diving his hands deep into his trousers' pocktrte, began— ? .'?Well, the .thing happened in this way. Dp begin at the beginning, Diok Knaggs and. myself were running neck-and-neck for a dear little girl whom I shall call Sophie Bjdes. «£ophie was a tormenting little witch. She flirted with, both of ub in a thoroughly impartial Way ; and if either of us at tempted any of thoBe foolish remonstrances that fellows desperately in love will some times venture on in Buch provoking circum stances, she would only toss her dainty little head, and, elevating her slightly retrousse' nose, shrug her shoulders disdain folly, and say, 'Please don't speak tome any more, Tom'— or Dick, as the case might be. ' Now, Dick and I, strange to say, were lihe best of friends, although we were the best of rivals. We had been chums for several years, lodging in the same ' digs,' and getting on together capitally. ' When we discovered that we were both hopelessly gone over Sophie, we had a long alk over the matter, and the upshot of it ' I ran against my intended father-in-law.' was that we shook hands oVer a fair agree ment to go in for her, each of us, fairly and squarely, and let the best man win, neither taking any mean advantage of the other. ' Things went on very nicely under this working arrangement for about six months. I often met Dick riding back after visiting Sophie at her suburban cottage, near Stepa side, and he as often met me, but no oftener, for it was in the bond that such visits should be exactly equal in number. ' We always laughed good-humoredly a each other when we met thus, chaffed each other about our prospects of saccess, and ?went of£ and hs»d a drink ; so you see we were honorable chums. ' For a couple of months we led this sort of life, and nothing could possibly be more satisfactory to either Dick or me— unless either of us would take himself for ever to Jericho, out of the other's way. But as this was a very remote contingency indeed, we accepted the situation in a spirit of beatific cheerfulness, and made the best We could of it. *' Sophie had only one relative living— but that was quite a sufficient number. It was her father— «aad he was a terror. He wad a gentleman of unblemished reputation and frugal habits. TTig native land was Scotland, and his favorite beverage Glenli vet. This, however, was a matter that had no concern for either Dick or me- — for the old gentleman always preferred his own company to any other when the Glenlivet was to be discussed. , ' Amongst the virtues Mr. Byles rejoiced in — and they Were too numerous to particu larise—Was that~5f rigid honesty. . He had never got 'into debt to the extent of Id in his life, he used to boast $ and he detested people Who did. But, inasmuch as he had made his money by the weaknesses of human nature in that respect — -for he was a money-lender— we admired Ms theoretical rigidity rather than its limited applicar tion. ' No Spartan could be more unbending than old. Byles. Once he , made his mind to a certain course, that course he would pursue if an archangel oame down specially to turn him aside. Hie never altered Ma mind, he used to vaunt, and he. never broke Ms word. When I add that bis face was as hard as a tombstone, and usually just as cheerful, j shall have conveyed, I think, some notion of the personal merits and attractions of Sophie's parent 5 ' The old man seemed to have an impart tial sort of negative liking for both Dick and me. He didn't object to our paying our addresses to his daughter, but seemed to be trying, like ourselves, to find out which of us she liked best- — perhaps 'With equal success. A't any rate, he always met us civilly, and chatted to us in his own dry Caledonian way, on such interesting topics as the weather and the crops, the stock and share markets and the like. ' Dick and myself were then in the en joyment of a modest income each— quite enough for him, for he was not of an ex travagant turn of mind; but hardly enough for me, for my tastes were more luxurious. ' However, financial matters were not in Dick's case, any more than my own, ever thought of . for a moment' in connection with our mutually dear Sophie. We would have taken her without a penny — but we knew very well she. wouldn't come so, whenever she made up her mind. ' One evening I met Dick riding back from Stepaside, after one of the regulation visits, as I was going out to take his place. He jumped down off: Tii« bicycle, and came over to me in a state of great perturbation. « * Tom.' said he, * I'm in great trouble, old fellow. I have to go away for a fort night. There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill, over in Homburg, and she wants to see me. Fm to be her heir, you see, and I can't possibly refuse.' ' * I don't see why you should, my boy,' I replied , « neither do I perceive why you should be eo dreadfully agitated. You're a lucky dog, so you are — coming in for a fortune.' ' ? Don't see it !' he cried, opening his eyes in astonishment. * What is Sophie to do in my absence.' ' ' Don't trouble your head about that,' I answered. ' She'll get along just as usual, I'm sure.' j *' * But you !— you won't surely take any - advantage of my absence, Tom ? If I had your promise on that I'd feel quite re- ; lieved.' : ' « Well, that's rather hard, Dick,' I re turned. * I don't see why my arrangements should be affected by your maiden aunt's proceedings. The old lady is not going to j make me her heir.' ! ' * But don't you see, Tom, that my ab sence would be giving you an Tm-fa.iT- advan tage ? You're too honorable a fellow, I know, to avail or it.' ' * Look here, Dick,' I said at length, after he had gone on in this strain for awhile. ' 1711 go this far to oblige you ; Fll not come out here again for a fortnight. If you're back by that time, well and good. If you're not, the bargain .is at an end.' ' Do you give me your word on that, Torn?' he asked, brightening up wonder fully. ' * I do,' I returned ; * you may haunt me when you die if I break it. Now be af£.' ' We shook hands and parted, and When I B&w; our beloved Sophie, I informed her of the arrangement agreed upon. She said she didn't mind, as she Was, going on a visit to a friend in Wicklow for a week. But I thought she was secretly vexed all the same. ' I was discussing breakfast one morning about a -week afterwards, glancing over the newspaper now and then as I feasted, when suddenly my eye caught the heading — — ''Fatal Accident to a Dublin Gentleman.' ' I immediately looked at the item, and, to my horror, found that it related to my unhappy friend, Dick. He had jumped out of a railway carriage while the train was in motion, got jammed between it and the platform, and was killed. ' The news upset me a good deal, al though I could not help feeling that it cleared the ground for me in one important direction. Stall, I was very much attached to poor Dick, and I couldn't bring myself to Visit Sophie for a couple of days after I heard the Sad tidings, in order to break them to her. 'The year was getting fast into the sere and yellow leaf; brown October had brought its short days and its (sometimes) lovely moonlit nights $ and it was one of these — a glorious one it was — that I started off, with an equally balanced admixture of grief -and hopeful . elation at my heart, for the bower of my SopMe — my own Sophie, * as I fondly hoped soon to call her nowr— to unfold my grue some tale. A delicious mist hung over meadow and grove, fpxintt the whole scene a weird and silvery glamor that made me at times imagine that it -was a fairy scene floating in some enchanted renion, that lay before me, instead of a real substantial por tion of dear old county Dublin. ' I had got about half-way towards my destination, when it struck me that I ought to strike a match and have a quiet pufffof the soothing weed, as nothing could be more in keeping with the peaceful quiet of the scene. No sooner thought of than done ; and I -was in the act of remounting, with pipe aglow, when my eye' caught sight of another rider coming in the same direction, but at a considerable distance behind. ' This circumstance caused me no emotion in particular, and I forgot all about it as I sped on afresh. I slackened my pace to spin out the distance until I had. finished my pipe, and was drawing on easily towards Stepaside, 'when some instinct or other made me glance backwards down the road again. ' The other traveller had gained upon me with amazing ' celerity. He was now not more than 40 or 50 yards behind. ' What a wonderful resemblance he bore, at that distance, to my dead friend Dick ! His garments looked white in the ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all last sum mer, had worn a suit of white flannel, as the stranger's seemed to be. And it seemed to me as I paused, thunder-stricken and trembling, for a moment in my ride, that his form Was exactly that of my dead friend! ' I was never superstitious, yet now for an instant a feeling of awe came over me, but as I wobbled to the ground off my machine under its influence. I began to curse myself vigorously for a womanish fool, and jumping up with the celerity of fully recovered spirits, I set my steel steed off with a lively start, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. ' I went at a spanking pace for some time, but I could not help turning my head again backwards soon, to note how for I had left Tivm behind. ' Horror of horrors ! he was gaining on me still ! ' He was only a few yards behind. I could not distinguish his face 5 but the figure, and the way in which it sat the machine, were the same as Dick's. ' Again I spurted madly. Great heads of cold sweat burst out upon my temples, and an icy' feeling crept through my frame, even to the marrow of my bones, despite the heat into which the exercise had thrown me. My terror lent me strength. I must get away from this horrible phantom, even though my heart should snap in the effort. I tore along the road now like a maniac. 'I was just turning the corner of the rustic lane which led up to Sophie's bower, when my machine came plump against a form engaged in doing the same from the lane side of the angle. The consequences were disastrous to both travellers. *' Machine and myself threw a double somersault over the body of the pedestrian. When we both regained our feet I thought I should turn into stone 'when I encountered the Gorgonlike eye of my intended father in-law ! ' ' ? — it, mon !' he shouted, as soon as he recognised me and found his voice, 'what the deil are ye glowering at me for, instead of apologising for nearly killing me ? One would think ye had seen a ghaist!' ' ' I have eeen a ghost, sure enough sir,' 1 answerea witn tremoung nps — ' tne gnost of my poor dead friend, Dick ? and see, there it comes 1' ' The white figure had arrived at the comer of the lane, full in the ghastly glare of the dazzling moonlight. It dismounted and advanced towards where we stood. ' I held up both my hands to shut out the fearful thing. ' ' Don't come near me,' I cried, in an agony of desperation, 'until you tell me whether you are a man or the ghost of my dead friend, Dick !' 'The thing laughed; it was a horribly human I^.ngh. ' *No ghost, sir,' it replied, as its coarse chuckle ceased, « but a messenger from a man who has ghosted you long enough in vain for this little £7 10s for clothes — Mr. Tippet, the tailor, of Graffcon-street. Here 'tis for you, sir, now ; and if you don't pay it by 12 o'clock to-morrow, Fm instructed to invite you to an interview with the Becorder, at Green-street courthouse.' ' This was my romance of the wheel. It shattered my day dream, and lost me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me with all the Bcorn of an enraged money-lender who never owed a man a penny,- and bade me never again show my face at the cottage. ' .The fickle Sophie ratified this decision, and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawnbroker who had a couple of months before laid his third spouse under in the sod in Glasnevin ; and I am here alone with my faithful bicycle. [THE END.] 