KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XI.—(Continued.) Mr. Peter Dangerfield had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since his uncle's illness— no nephew more devoted, more anxious, than he. The baronet listened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cynical smile. ''If I were dead, there would be one the less between him and the title—you understand. I have no doubt that Peter is anxious that-- I should never recover." Something's happened to pete, papa,'' answered Katherine, thoughtfully. ''He's got quite a new way of talking and carrying himself of late. He looks as if some great good fortune had befallen him. Now, what do you suppose it can be ?'' ''Great good fortune,'' Sir John repeated, with rather a startled face. '' I think you must be mis- taken, Katherine. I wonder--very slowly this — '' if — if he — has been in communication with Mrs. Vavasor since her departure ?'' For Mrs. Vavasor's presence in Castleford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never ventured abroad by day, and had assumed an alias. She and Mr. Dangerfield kept tryst in the evenings, in lonely lanes and deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. But three days now to the wedding-day, and those three flew apace. It had been arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to be performed at Scarswood, it should also take place in the evening, to be followed, in the good old fashioned way, by a supper and a ball, and the bridal party start next day for the Continent. The hour was fixed for ten, and half the county invited. Sir John's progress toward strength was very slow. Some secret anxiety seemed preying on his mind and keeping him back. He watched his idolized darling flying up and down stairs, dashing, bright as the sunshine itself, in and out of the room, sing- ing like a skylark in her perfect bliss, and he shrank from the sight as though it gave him positive pain. '' How can I tell her ?'' he thought ; '' how can I ever tell her ! And yet I ought — I ought.'' Once or twice he feebly made the attempt, but Katherine put him down immediately in her decided way.'' '' Not a word now, papa — I won't have it. I don't want to hear any nasty, annoying secrets two days before my wedding, and have my peace of mind dis- turbed in this way. If I've got to hear this disagree- able thing, let me wait until the honeymoon is over — Gaston will help me bear it then. You tried to tell me Christinas Eve, and brought on a fit of apoplexy ; and now, contrary to all medical com- mands, you want to begin over again, and bring on another. But I'm mistress of the situation, at present, and don't wear that gloomy countenance on the eve of your only daughter's marriage.'' He was too feeble to resist. He held her to him a moment, and looked into the happy young face with a weary sigh. " I suppose few fathers look very joyous on the eve of an only daughter's marriage, and I have greater reason than you dream of to look gloomy. But let it be as you say — let us postpone the evil hour as long as we can." The last day came — the day before New Year's Eve. " The bride-elect had been busier even than usual all day. Dantree dined and spent the evening there alone. They were both very grave, very quiet ; that long, peaceful evening, the last of her youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture, as she saw it then, haunted her to her dying hour —the big lamplit drawing-room— her father's quiet figure lying back in his easy-chair before the fire--her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestling in an easy-chair, listening to the music and his whispered words — the '' sweet nothings'' of courtship. She followed him out into the grand portico entrance of the house to say good-by for the last time. The cold, white moon sailed up the azure, the stars were numberless, the trees cast along black shadows in the ivory light. The night air sighed faintly in the woodland; something in the still, solemn beauty of the dying night filled the girl's heart with a sense almost of pain. '' The sun will shine tomorrow,'' Gaston whispered; ''and ' blessed is the bride that the sun shines on! Good-night, my darling, for the last time." He held her in his arms a moment — for the last time. The last time ! And no foreboding of all that was so near at hand came to her as she stood there. The promise of the night did not hold good. Mr. Dantree's prediction as to the sunshine was not destined to be fulfilled. New Year's Eve dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast. A long lamentable blast soughed up from the sea, the low-lying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. ''We're going to have a storm,'' Sir John said; "our guests must reach us through a tempest tonight." The storm broke at noon-- rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She, usually the least nervous and superstitious of human beings, felt little cold chills creeping over her, as she hearkened to its wintry howls. ''It sounds like the cry of a banshee,'' she said, with a shudder, to Edith Talbot. '' Such a wild, black, sleety, wretched winter day! And last night there was not a cloud in the sky ! Edith, do you believe in omens ?'' '' I believe this is a disagreeable day, as it is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose Mr. Dantree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain, or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so restless and fidgety, Kathie, or you'll make me as nervous as yourself.'' The short, dark, winter afternoon dragged on. With the fall of the night the storm seemed to in crease. The roar of the winds deepened ; the dull thunder of the surf on the shore reached them ; the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain ; and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. '' An awful night for a wedding,'' even the servants whispered. '' No wonder poor Miss Katharine looks like a ghost.'' She was pale beyond all the ordinary pallor of bridehood— strangely restless, strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted up flowers bloomed everywhere as though it had been midsummer; warmth and luxury everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dying year. Under the hands of her maid, Katherine sat passive to all changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, every dash of the frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning words of her old nurse : ''False as fair ! False as fair !'' Eight o'clock. The Rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Nine ! The musicians had come and the earliest of the nuptial guests; the roll of carriages could be heard through the tumult of the storm. Half -past nine ! And ''I wonder if Gaston has yet arrived?'' Katherine said. It was the first time she had spoken for over an hour. Her attendant bridesmaids, five besides Miss Talbot, were all there. The dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls, floating tulle and laces, and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were alone with the bride. The last touch had been given to the toilet. The robe of dead-white silk swept in its richness far behind, the tail, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light-brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. The last jewel was placed, the Last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged. She stood before the mirror, fair, pale, pensive — a bride ready for the altar. A quarter of ten! The Swiss clock, telling of the quarters, started them. How the moments flew — how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages was almost inces- sant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry : ''I wonder if Gaston has come ?'' ''What a question !'' cries Miss Talbot. ''A bridegroom late, and that bridegroom, Mr. Dantree, of all men. Of course, he has come, and is waiting in a fever of impatience down stairs. Ninon, run and see.' The French girl went, and came flying back breathlessly. '' Mademoiselle, how strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. Monseigneur, the abbe, is ready and waiting — all the guests are assembled, but I mon Dieu ! the bridegroom is late.'' Miss Talbot looked at her friend. Neither spoke nor moved. The flock of bridesmaids, '' a rosebud garden of girls,'' came floating in with their misty drapery, their soft voices, and subdued laughter. It was ten o'clock, and the wedding-hour. There was a tap at the door. Nina opened it, old Sir John, white as ashes, and trembling on his staff, entered and approached his daughter. '' Katherine, Dantree has not come !'' "I know it, father. Something has happened.'' Her voice was quite steady, but a gray, ashen terror blanched her face. ''Had you not better send to Morecambe ?'' Edith Talbot interposed.''He was quite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived ?'' ''Your brother is here, Miss Talbot.'' '' And what does he say ?'' '' Nothing to the point. Before dark Dantree left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother when starting for here sent him word, and found his room deserted. Taking it for granted he wished to be alone, and had left for Scarswood before him your brother came over at once. He was astonished when he arrived at not finding him here.'' And then dead silence fell. What did it mean ? Below the guests had gathered in groups, whis- pering ominously; in the '' bridal bower'' bride and bridesmaids looked at each other's pale faces and never spoke. One by one the moments told off. A quarter past ten, and still no bridegroom ! Then all at once wheels dashed up to the door — in the entrance hall there was the sudden bustle of an arrival. Katherine's heart gave one great bound ; and Edith Talbot, unable to endure the suspense, unable to look at her friend's tortured face, turned and ran out of the room. '' Wait !'' she said. '' I will be back in a moment.'' She flew down the stairs. Someone had arrived — a gentleman — but not Gaston Dantree. The new-comer, pale, breathless, eager, was only Peter Dangerfield. But he might bring news — he looked as though he did. She was by his side in a moment, her hand on his arm. '' What is it ?'' she said. '' Has anything happened to Mr. Dantree ?'' ''Yes, Dangerfield,'' exclaimed Captain Devere, coming forward. ''As second best man I have a right to know. Shorten the agony, if possible, and out with it. What's up ? The hour is past, and the bride is waiting. Where the devil is the bridegroom ?'' (To be continued.) 