fBm and garden. NOTES. OUR CALENDAR. OPERATIONS FOR THE WEEK. [Written expressly for the ' Darling Downs Gazette and Telegraph' by Mr. G-; Searle.] VEGETABLE GARDEN. To. write fully in regard to work to be done in the garden for the weekjwould be tore peat generally what has been written for the last two weeks or so, therefore I do not think my readers will object if, for once, I curtail my notes somewhat. Where required any or all of the seeds mentioned in my notes on the 20th ult. may be sown. If a sowing of celery is required, note carefully my instruc-' tions re making the bed very firm, otherwise the seed will take a very long time to germi nate, and perhaps spoil in the meantime,' Sow cauliflower and cabbage in quantities according to requirements ; some shading must be provided for the seed beds, but it should not be too dense or the plants will get drawn and weakly. Attend to the stopping of cucumber, melon, and marrow vines, as they make growth. Give some support to tomato vines before they get too large. The ground. is fast drying up through the westerly winds, notwithstanding the few showers we have had — these showers have a tendency to cause vegetation to suffer more than it would' do without them, because they freshen up the leaves and open the pores and do not reach the roots. Remove the haulm of peas and broad Beans that are over, also old. cab- bage stumps and dig the ground, even if not wanted, it is better dug over as the soil gets icrated and sweetend by being dug up, and the rougher it is left the better. FI.0WKR GARDEN. Remove the dead blooms of roses as soon as they are past, and if some of the more vigorous shoots ase shortened back the strong buds will soon produce another supply of blooms. Tie up or otherwise support carna tion, gladioli, and liliums ; these latter are apt to get twisted off by strong winds, and if this happens the bulbs are liable to rot. Tie climbing plants of all kinds as they make growth. (This latter sentence was so con torted by the ' comp. ' last week as to be quite unintelligible, it was rendered ' The climbing plants * * *'). The early planted dahlias will require attention in staking and tieing. Look out for cater pillars on carnations, roses, gladioli, &c.; Cut back a portion ot petunias that have become straggly. If a 'portion of each plant is cut back now and the balance a month or so later the shoots first cut back will break and form flowering shoots soon after the last shoots are cut back. Where a continued supply of pansy blooms are required the beds should be mulched and frequently watered in dry weather. Most of the anemones, and Ranunculus have ripened off sufficiently to be taken up ; they should be placed in a dry shed to finally ripen before being put away in bags till the autumn ; the same remarks apply to the early planted hyacinths, tulips, narcissi; &c.; . BUSH HOUSE. If the advice given in previous issues has been carried out there will be very little to do in this department, other .than an occa sional soaking with water to the beds, and the frequent |syringing of the foliage. If this be neglected insects — especially ' thrip ' — will prove very troublesome among the ferns, more especially will this be the case if fuschias are grown. Foliage begonias in pots should be repotted, and tuberous be gonias potted on as they make growth., Hydrangeas will now require an abundance of water, and an occasional watering with clear liquid manure will be very beneficial. FRUIT GARDEN. Last week I mentioned the probable necessity for thinning the crop on some of the fruit trees. Since then a drive round among the orchards has convinced me of the absolute necessity for doing so, especially in the case of Japan and some other plums md apples ; pears have also set heavily, but is a great many of these are apt to fall later dii, it would be premature to state what may lie required in their case. Continue the tying of vines and do not neglect to sulphur. Previous remarks re the removal of suckers still apply. . FARM. Attend vigilantly to the tobacco crop, topping as required, and removing literals after topping. Keep a sharp look- out for caterpillars and keep down weeds. No opportunity should be lost for keeping the cultivator going among all crops in fine weather while the crops are small, and if not done now it will be sure to be so neelec-. ted during the important werk of reaping and harvesting, that the crops will be over run. Harvest peas as soon as they turn yellow. Cape and malting barley ought soon to be fit— if not already— for harvest, and should be cut as soon as ready. Cut oats and lucerne for hay as soon as it is in blossom. All the sorghums and Hungarian millet may be sown, also buckwhat ; con tinue the sowing of maize and pumpkins, Photographing Si-irits.— How photo graphs of so-called spirits are manufactured is explained by ' S. A. Register :—' There are two tricks, by which 'these apparently wonderful ghost pictures can be produced so* as. to present a realistic effect. Oie is to give to the photographic negative half an exposure in front of some person masquer ading in a white sheet, and afterwards to complete the ^exposure in front of some ordinary sitter. The effect is ? some1 what startling, for the form of the second sitter can be distinctly seen through the figure of the first. The second trick is to insert in the camera a piece of glass on which has been marked beforehand the outline of the ghostly figure, not in visible paint, but in bi sulphate of quinine or some other fluorescent invisible solution. The effect of thisVis/that, while the shape ' painted on the glass is entirely unobserved by the person taking the photograph, it affects the sensitive plate and produces all the appearance of some shadowy being in front of .the, figures of those who may happen .tq'tyijMiefore the camera at the time.' As regards 'the curious-looking baboon face of ? Geordie,- looking out of a draped white- sheet over .the shoulder of. a young woman, which appears as an illustra-' ,tion in Dr. M'Carthy's article, even a. slight knowledge of photography would enabletShljii. one to detect that it is a fraud. The outline of the sheet against the figure of the woman has plainly been produced by something, of. the nature of what is--known as stoppin^-but1' Varnish, and while a shadow appears on one part 1bf'it-thijre''isi none at all on another'por tion where ouc .ought to be.' 