Bertha m f Author of "Xhe Oun-Ruuner, a Romance of Zulu »•««." " 'Tween Snow «a H«» « Through the Zulu Country! XI, Battlellelj, ,nd iU rtnp!e,» etc. CHAPTER XXIII—Following this Cmjk. It takoa n littlo tune to got used to aleop* Ing out in tho opon„aud on tho hard ground. [The latter tho novice is apt to find hard in deed. 'I hero ib ft 1 way a that; refractory lump or stono Just under tho hip bone, and by tho time ho has removed this, or shifted his posi tion, ho only HottloH down to find two similar sources of afiliction where there was but one Jbeforo. if timid ho will lltiuU of snakes, if aervous ho will bo momentarily imagining aomo cold, creeping thing crawling over his ear or snacking inside tho lugs of Ida trousers. Add to this tho novelty of the situation, and tho hundred and one varying voices of tho Bight, which combine to keep him awake, and it follows that however ulluring to tho embryo traveller may bo the prospect of “camping out,” tho reality is Ices pleasant W—.till begets used to it. Kemhaw, remarking that thoir lato for midable visitant noedn't have wished them good-uiffht quite so loudly, rollod him self in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But Sollon, being now to this kind of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of tho little inconveniences above de tailed, and passed a most uucotnforlable and restless night. The howling of thehyienas, mingling with tho shriller “yap’’ of tho hunting jackal—sounded continuous—then, just as bo was dropping off into a dozo, tho loud “ bkugh 1 baugh ! of a troop of baboons on the mountain side, atartod him wide awake again, his first impression boing that their late visitor was prowling around, in tent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. [Pwice, indeed, ho did hear that thundrous, xnutUod roar, which once heard is so unmis takable, but it was in tho far distance. On tho wholo, thcroforo, all unreated as he was, ho felt anything but sorry whon his com panion, looking out from under his blankot, Btarod at tho stars, then leisurely sat up. “By Jove! I've boon envying you," growled Sellon. “ You’ve beon sleeping like a log, and I*vo hardly closed my oyea all "Not, eh? Ah, I forgot you’re not used to this Bort of thing. You soon will bo, though. Turn in again a little longer whilo X brew the coffee. '* .“Coffee! Why, man, it isn’t daylight “No, but in a fow minutes it will bo. However, you lio still. Try and snatch another hour's sleop. I’ll see to overy He was a3 good as his word. Whon Sotlon awoke—not in ancthor hour, hut rather more than two—tho sun was already up, but his comrade was nowhere to bo seen, nor were the horses. Thero whb the coffee iettlc, however, handy by the lire, anil some biscuit. Having absorbed a steaming cup or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt better. A double report soundod from some way along the river bank thon and thero. In about twonty minutes Ronsbaw returned. “ I’ve been marketing,” bo said, turning fealf-a-dozen ring doves out of hia pocket. 44 These little jolcors are not half bad whon grilled on tho coals, and tl»oy don't take long nnnk, JCo-night will bo tho lttoV time can muKoanro, until wo find ourselves horc Otgain—that is, if we come back this way,” “ Well, I shall go and got a swim,” Baid Matinee, jumping up and stretching him Belf. , “ABwim? Hold hard. Where will you 41 In tho river, of course,” was the as tonished answer. But Rouehaw shook his “ You’d better not try it, Sellon. It isn’t “Why? Alligators?” 41 Yea. You can’t go into deep water. But there’s shallow a littlo way up, whero you can have a good splash. It’s only a mattor of b few inches if you keep oloso to the bank —and you must keep close to it, too. I’ve fceeu in myaelt this morning—and, by tho samo token, it’s the last chance of tubbing we shall get. I’ll go as far as tho rise and point you out the place. Half an hour later Sellon returned, rein Vigomtcd by his bath and clamoring for breakfast. The birds had boon pluoked and spread upon tho embers, split open, spatchcock fashion, and wheu ready afforded our tra vellers a toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. “ Wo sha’n’t do our thirty miles to-day," paid Ren3haw, ns they rodo along. “Wo started too late. But that won’t greatly matter. Wo havo plenty of time, and it’s better to keep tbo horses fresh than to rush them through.” 41 So it 13. But, I say, this place is like the Umtirara Valloy, roinuB the bush and tho greenness,” It was. As they rodo on, the desolate Wilderness of tho defile increased. Rocky slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the tisuai cliff formation cleaving the sky-line. Boulders largo and small studded tho val iey, lying liko so many houses on tho hill sides or piled up in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along tho line of march. Of animal life thero was littlo enough. Hero and thero an armor-plated tortoisB stalking solemnly among tho stones, or a largo bird of prey circling overhead—but of gunie, no sign. As the sun mounted higher and higher, pouring his rays into the defile as though focussed through a burning glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. 41 This is awful,’* ho growled, for tho fiftieth time, mopping his at earning face. 44Is it going to bo liko this all the way?” “ It may be. But wo shall have to do most of our moviug about at night. Wo can take it easy now and off-saddle, and trok ou again towards sundown. Until we actually begin our search, I know tho grouud by heart. Come, now, Sellon, you must kocp up .your determination. It’s boustly trying, I know, for an unseasoned chap ; but think of tho end.” 441 believe I’ll got a sunstroke first,” was the dejected reply, as tho speakor flung him self wearily on the ground. “Not a bit of it. Hero,.havo a drop of liquor—but you’d better take it weak, or it’ll do more harm than good.” And, getting out n pannikin, Ronshaw poured in a little of tho contents of his flask, judiciously dilut ing it from tho wator-skiu slung acros3 the pack horsy. This wator-Bkin, by tho way, wus an in genious contrivance of his own, and of which he was not a little proud. Liko its Eastern ■prototype—upon which it was modelled—it consisted of a good-sized Angora kid—one of the legs serving tor a spout. 44 Not a bad dodgo, eh ?” acquiesced Uon ehaw, in response to his com pan ion’s re mark. “Tho water has a leathery- taste, I admit, but it’s bettor than nono at all. I hit topon the idoa when 1 first began these expe ditions, Something of tbo kind was itbso- i lutoly oseential. Trekking wUh waggons you curry the ordinary vaatjo (a small, drum Rhapod keg), alunu between tho wheels, but St’a au inconvenient thing to load up ou u horao—in faot, the second attempt I made the coneorn got loose and rollod tho wholo Way down a inoqntain side—of course, Splintering to atoms. Besides, this thing holds mere aud keeps tho water cooler. I •amo nuur dying of thirst that time, being threo night* and two days without a drop of (390) ' anything ; for this is a mighty dry country, 1 noodn’t toll you.’5 “ What if ihe whole yarn should turn out moonshine after all ?** said Sellon, with tho despondency of a thoroughly exhausted man. “ There's one thing about it that looka fishy. How could what’a hia name—Greenway— wounded aa ho was, fetch your plaoo in two or three days? Why, it'll take us nearly a week to do it—if not quit u That very thing struck me at first,” said Ronshaw, quietly shredding up a pieco of floor tobacco, “ My impression is, he didn’t come back the sumo way us ho went. You aoe, he knew tho country thoroughly. Ho may have taken a short cut and come straight over tho mountains. For I’m protty fcuro tho way wo aro tuking is an altogether round about one.” “ Then, why couldn't tho fellow have told you tho Bhorter one, instead of sending us round three eidoa of tho sqnara ?” “ That's soon oxplainud. In the first ! place, this way is easier to find, tho land marks raors unmistakablo, and tho travailing better. In tho second, you must remember tho poor old chap was at his laat gasp. It's a good thing for yon, Sollou, that ho was, for if ho had only livod half an hour longer—ovon a quarter—he’d have given fuller details, and 1 Bhould havo found tho place long ago. Look how dis jointed tho last part of his story ia—just the main outlines, trusting to rao to fill in detail. I toll yon, it was quito pitiablu to soo the manful effort ho ttrndo to keep up until he had said his say.” Later in tho afternoon, tho beat having somowhat abated, they resumed their way, which grow at every milo more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur* only to find a succession of similar spurs further on. Then tho sun wont off the dofile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Ronshaw, leading tho way, held Btoadily on, for there was light enough from tho groat sparkling canopy above to enable them to moro than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. “Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if yon aoo anything,” said Ronshaw at last. “Sco anything? Why, no. Stop a bit, though,” shading hia eyes. “ Yea. This infernal valley has como to an end. Thoro’s a big preoipico hang ahead of us. We can't get any further.” “ Not, oh ? Well, now, look to the loft.” Sellon obeyed. At right angles to tho valley thoy had been ascending, and which here opened out into a wide basin, barred in front by the cliff referred to, ran another similar defile. “ Xhoro it is,” continued Ronshaw, in a satisfied tone. “That’s the ‘long poort’ mentioned by Greenway—and,” pointing to tho right—“ there aro tho 1 two kloofs.' ** It wbb ovon as he said. The situation corresponded exaotly. “Wo’ligo into camp now,” Bald Rmi shaw. “Lot's see what you’ll think of my I Turning off the track thoy had boon pur suing, Ronshaw lod tho way up a alight ocolivity. A number of boulders lay strewn nrounA ix\ iv kind ni nntural BtonoKongo. In the midst was a circular depression, contain- 1 ing a litle water, tho remnant of the laat rain fall. “ Look there,” ho went on, pointing out a emoko-blackoned patch against the rook. “That’s my old firoplacc. Our blozo will be quite hidden, as much as it can be any whero, that ia. So now wo’ll sot to work and make ourselves snug.” Until he became too fatigued to suffer his mind to dwell upon anything but hia own discomfort, Sollou had been oudgolling his brains to solve the mystery of the resusci tated document, but in vain. Ho was almost inclined at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery to the agency of tho dead adven turer’s ghost. But the solution of tho mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to bo left in the darkness of perplexity by reason of the part ho played in the matter, tho reader does not. So wo may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to tho former, had occurred on the evening of Renahaw’s return to his raOBt uuinviting home. He bad been very vexed over tho French leave taken by his retainor, as we havo seen. But, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the lattor’B consort, reckoning tho timo had ooma for playing tho trump card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Handing it to her master, she recommended him to take core of it in future. Renahaw’s surprise as lie recognised its identity was something to witness—almost I as great ns Sellon’s. Ho had been going I about all theso weeks, thinking tho record of his prociouH secrot as seouro as ever, and all the whilo it was in the dubious care of a | slovenly old Koranna woman. But on tho subject of how it oumo into her possession old Ivaatje was reticent. She had taken care of it while the Baas was sick —and, but for her it might have been lost ! beyond recovery. Moro than this he could not extract—oxcept au earnest reoommen I datioa to look after it better in tho future. However, its propitiatory object whs accom plished, and ho uould not do otherwhQ than pardon the defaulting Dirk, on tho Bpot. Tho fact was, Bhe hud witnessed the atranger'B doubtful proceedings and having her suspicions had determined to watoh him. When she saw him deliberately steal her master’s cherished “ oharm,” she thought it was time to interfere. She had accord ingly crept up to tho open window and reft tho paper out of Sollou'a hand—as wo havo So poor old Green way’s ghost may rest absolved In the matter, likewise* tho Kueiny of man Kind and the proternaturally accom pllshed baboon. And, although sho did not state as much, the faot was that tho Koramia woman had intended io return the document upon Kensbaw’s rocovery, but had refrained, on seeing him about to take his departure in company with tho strange Baas, who Bho dis trusted, and not without good reason. 