AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. [COPYRIGHT.] WHO IS HE ? OR The Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF THE Natural & Supernatural, BY KENNETH HAMILTON, M.D., F.R.C.S. CHAPTER XX.—(CONTINUED.) 'Oh, Mr. Barton,' she said, 'tell me if you have anything on your mind ! You will have a partial judge, I think,' she added, with a wan smile. 'Our burdens become lighter when we have a friend beside us. And I am your friend, and you have bought from my gratitude all a woman can be stow." It was plain speaking and spoken in all sincerity. Barton felt the truth of the woman, and he was moved to his inmost soul. 'Good Heavens ' he said, 'if I only dare with such a past to hang like a mill-stone round my neck.' Then with with a sort of fury in his voice : 'You do not know what you say. Listen. I don't know myself. My past is but a hideous dream, with every hellish phantom dancing in mockery through my mind. I am the sport of a fiend. One moment I seem to grasp some recollection and cling to it like a drowning sailor to a slippery rock, and again a new idea springs up equally vivid and equally tangible, and the two cannot be true. What is it all, you will say. I don't know, can't know—and no one but one man can help me and he won't. Heavens ! if I were to tell you the experiences of the past few months—but no, I will not. God preserve your memory, Miss Marsden. With it goes life.' They walked on in silence, both bent on their own thoughts. 'You will not let me help you,' she said at last. 'Ah, it's not fair,' (with a little ghost of ia smile.) 'I would if I dare,' recovering himself ; 'but the secret of my unhappy fancy must be borne by myself to the grave. That will come to finish all or explain all.' He dare say no more, and he turned away without another word. The lady walked on pondering all these strange things in her heart. What forms of self-sacrifice presented themselves before her mind we cannot tell, but we call imagine the wide bounds of a true woman's self-martyrdom. CHAPTER XXI. MELBOURNE'S MADNESS. Melbourne was mad—stark, raving, 'Kew' mad. The mania for speculating in real estate had seized on the whole population like an epidemic disease. The people had been long prosperous and the capital of the country had marvellously increased, but had not increased in any such proportion as the sanguine wishes of the Victorians had supposed. Legislation had brought people from all parts to the great city. These people had to find dwell ing-places, and buildings were run up in every direction to accommodate them. Of course this naturally caused a tremendous advance in the price of city and suburban property, and when large prices were paid for a few allotments, men of the Wallace type could easily create at 'boom' by pur chasing at a price ten times over the highest value. Owners of property thought that they had become millionaires without the least trouble on their part, and others rushed madly into speculation with the hope of sharing in unexpected development. Many of the banks were bitten by the tarantula and actually forced the money on their customers or even on strangers. Building societies hardly knew what to do with the money which flowed into them from all sides, and no one but a fool would stand aside and allow all this wealth to glide past him without making a clutch to seize some of it. What a rattling, roaring time it was ! Everyone was to be rich ; everyone was to have his own house and his own vine and fig-tree, and Victoria was to become the garden of Eden—barring the innocence—of the nineteenth century. Wallace was at the head of everything, and indeed—hardly understanding what was to such a large extent the work of his own hand or head—was inclined to believe in the reality of it all. At one time he did believe in a half-hearted way and went on rejoicing. Then he recollected the very small basis on which it all rested, and determined to make his hay while the sun was shining. Again he was drawn in. Some syndicate or other had to be formed, and what chance was there of doing any good unless 'Sir William' was known to have a 'hand in it.' He bought and he sold, but it was all on paper. Men bought for paper and incurred liabilities that they could never meet if they lived to the age of Methuselah, and then sold for paper to men as reckless and foolish as themselves. Whatever coin was going was supplied by banks which suddenly sprung up into mushroom existence with the times. Wallace's companies took a new lease of life, and he added to their number until they were beyond even his comprehensive glance. His style of living became even more ostentatious than ever. His Toorak mansion was enlarged so that it rivalled the palace of a sovereign. His wife, Lady Wallace, was the leader of society. Nothing could be done in town or country without her at the head of it. and certainly she filled the position of 'Lady Bountiful' to admiration. She was a good woman, and good women are too rare. Wallace and Lumsden were again closetted together in the office of the former just when the madness was at its height. They were both perfectly well aware that the climax had been reached, and that if they were to be safe they must realise gradually. But that was easier said than done. Paper has to mature no matter how good it may be. The conference had been long and anxious. The two men looked haggard and weary. They had summoned a spirit from the vasty deep, and had forgotten the Abracadabra which could control him. There were many things to be carefully considered—many con tingencies to be anticipated. They had suc ceeded in quadruplying their assets, but they had been forced into incurring liabilities much greater, and some of these had to be met substantially in cash, or the fabric they had taken such trouble in building would come tumbling about their ears like a house of cards. 'I don't see what we can do,' said Lums den, throwing himself back into his chair. That confounded bill of Hampton's must be met by hook or crook, and the Victoria will require solid mahogany.' 'That doesn't matter in itself,' said Wal lace, 'if we could only swe beyond. There is upwards of £100,000 in value in that safe that could be turned into sovereigns or as good as sovereigns in half an hour.' 'The deuce there is !' said his friend. 'What in the name of common- sense have you been humbugging about, then, with enough in hand to float us for a genera tion !' 'Two very small considerations. First, I have only a claim on some twelve or fifteen thousand of it, and second, although the rest is not my own and may be called for any moment, I have made use of it already for an advance when the 'Mereatorial' re quired one.' 'On my honor, it will have to go for the same purpose again, so far as I can see,' said Lumsden. 'It hasn't been long back,' replied Wal lace ; 'but I suppose that doesn't matter. On the smaller sum I have something of a claim. It is the savings of a couple of miners who gave it to me for investment, and I thought I couldn't do better than invest it in our 'Financial.' They have been well enough contented with their dividends up to the present at any rate.' Both the men laughed heartily at the thought of the high dividends, and then Lumsden said : 'You haven't told me where the rest came from.' 'Well, there is a bit of a mystery about that I can't get at the bottom of. It was left here by the Indian—prince he said he was—for safe keeping. You met him I think in Toorak one evening. He has drawn upon me twice or three times, but only for com paratively small sums, from Dunedin and Launceston, but that is all I have to ledger against him since he brought the stuff one evening with something like secrecy. He told me he would give me fair notice before he withdrew it. I don't know why he said so, but at any rate I trusted to receiving notice and have made good use of the treasure—indeed, if things six months ago hadn't taken a decent turn I half fancy I should have made a permanent loan of it, but there was no necessity, and I don't think there is any now. We can always have time to turn about after receiving his notice.' 'It will have to go to the vaults of the 'Commercial' to-morrow, I think,' said, Lumsden. 'Things aren't over bright in the south, I can tell you. The Saving's Bank deposits hardly keep us afloat, and Carney has been 'booming' it up too loud. We were both dipped in a couple of speculations pretty heavily, and ready money is over scarce with us.' 'Hang Carney and you both !' cried Wallace in a rage. 'You'll spoil the whole thing by your folly. The bottom I tell you every day is knocked clean out of the 'boom,' and will soon be 'devil take the hindmost,' and the hindmost I tell you again will come an eternal smash. If we can spin through for a few months we shall come out with fly ing colors and full bags, but if you and Carney play the deuce now we'll be blown sky-high. Can't you have a little bit of common-sense ?" 'Oh, a very few thousands will keep us square all round, so long as the people bring in their savings and the Iorrowers pay up their dues. I can always shut up the direc tors, and the auditors darn't quick. Very little of the ready money will be enough, and you can let us have it now.' Well, you know how I stand with all these companies. We have bled the 'Mer eatorial' almost dry of cash. I have been disapointed, I tell you at once, in many of my expectations, but I am sure with time we could pull straight, but we'll want time and nothing else will do. Time will steady matters, and the margin of profit we count on will bring us in straight. There is enough and more than enough to do it, but we may turn out the 'donkey between two stools.' One thing is certain, you must have no more speculation. You have had quite enough of it, and it is as well for you to keep in mind that any further speculations you indulge in will be at your own risk, and your chance of making anything from them is of the smallest. The bottom is out of the 'boom,' I tell you.' 'I'll take your word for it. The road out of the present state of affairs must run through your safe. There is nothing else for it, because to realise now would be madness, and these bills must be met or there will be ruin all round.' 'You are right enough there, and I doubt I see some trouble ahead with the 'Mer eatorial.' Once ever there is a breath of suspicion the crash will come and nothing on earth will stop it. If we can keep straight, as I said before, we can manage in a couple of months and make splendid profits as well. Time is all we want, and we must have that at any price. Now, this is what I shall do. This Halim Haki left the money with me on the sole condition that he would have it when it was demanded. He made the law papers devilishly secure for himself, I pro mise you. I hardly thought he would have had the nouse to do so but he did. He did not, however, bind my hands as regards using it, and the whole cousequently will go to the vaults of the bank as security for an advance to meet those bills, but on the condition that it is kept intact until redeemed. Darn the money !—I don't know that it has benefitted me much. I always looked back to it when I speculated, and the temporary possession made me cut my fingers to the bone unless it turns up trumps now—at any rate there is enough to pull us through for the present, and if we get our pegs in all straight there will be easy going in the future.' 'Don't be sure of that, old man. The whole city has been bitten, and if one of these institutions goes down the whole bag of tricks will be scattered in eternal smash. Egad, I shake in my shoes myself. Between Carney and myself there is hardly a penny-piece in our concern. The safe is full of bogus securities, and any minute we may have a blow up. I have a few thousands laid by if the worst comes to the worst, but not enough to make things domestic hum as I always like them. 'Phiz' is a rare old stuff, but dreadfully expensive.' 'Well, of course, I can't be sure of it, but we both have the reputation of millions and we can live on that for a short time even if times are bad. What we want, as I said before, is to fend off pressing creditors. Our bills are maturing with frightful rapidity and must be met or everything is blown. Now, this Indian money will give as a show. I shall have it in the 'Commercial' in a day or so and you can draw on me. How much will do you ? You will have to make it as little as you can possibly do with, because it is risky—mighty risky, I tell you.' 'I must have £10,000 at the very least. You had better run over and see how we stand and then you can judge.' 'That's useless. I know well enough how you stand generally.' 'What do you think will be the result of it all ?' 'What do I think ? Why, man, I know it will next door to ruin Victoria lock, stock and barrel. That don't matter, however, if we can pull through ourselves. On my con science, Lumsden ?' 'Of course you mean as much as there is of it.' 'To be sure I do—to be sure I do, I was going to say something else. But I shall say that on my conscience or the partial con science I wouldn't like to be in your shoes if there is an eternal smash. The old women of the south will wipe you out with their dishclouts.' Lumsden shuffled a bit uneasily on his chair at the omen. 'All right, man,' said he ; 'but let me tell you while the old women are at work with me the men will be lynching you, and Egad, I don't know what I should prefer if I had a say in the matter.' 'Pooh ! Pooh ! man, we are in Victoria and living in the Victorian age of the nine teenth century.' 'Faith,' said Lumsden, rising, 'only for that safe over there and what's in it I should relish a change of quarters and wouIdn't bother about the age. You shouldn't jest in such serious subjects, Wallace. An infernal old woman did bring me to book the other day, and I had to shell out. Gad ! she gave me a fine taste, and now your mentioning the beldames brought her to mind. Good-bye, old man, I'll see you to-morrow early.' 'Be here as early as possible after ten. Haki's money must go, and we must make the most of the time we have. Be sure and come to our hop to-night. We must show a a bold face no matter how things run. Good bye ! for the present.' The two men separated and Lumsden went his way. Wallace remained the last man in the office, and did not leave until long after his accustomed hour. The gambler was calculating the chances of the dice. CHAPTER XXII. THE BALL AT TOORAK. 'Chisehurst' the Toorak mansion of Sir William Wallace, was the scene of much fuss and gay disturbance on the evening of the eventful ball. The road was thronged with carriages drawn up in line waiting with what patience they could their turn to drive up and leave their fair occupants at the bril liantly lighted door of this hospitable man sion. The gates, grounds and house blazed with electric light, fountains flashed and gleamed with rainbow hues, skilfully thrown upon them by carefully designed lights ; while inside the hall the most wonderful arrangement of ferns and flowers converted the stately house into a fairy palace. At the top of the first reception-room stood Lady Marion and Sir William Wallace, smiling and chatting, beaming with welcome as they received their many guests and addressed to them the few society phrases and appropriate chit-chat which was all that could be inter changed in so great a crowd. Edith had grown weary of it some half hour previously and withdrew to an inner drawing-room, where the warm light fell from rose-colored globes and the scented air, the waving palms and ferns, the sweet heavy scent of fare and beautiful flowers all helped to lull the senses to a dreaming delight which the slow music of the distant ball room only deepened instead of rousing. Edith found herself for a few moments alone, and, drawing near to one of the large bay windows half shaded by the soft, velvety curtains, she drew the blind and gazed out at the soft moonlit heavens. 'Ah, heaven,' she murmured, 'how lovely, how peaceful the night ! and here how happy the faces around me. Ah, me ! shall I ever know happiness or peace again. Why can I not still this eager longing for one step, this mad, insane desire to hear the sound of one voice, to feel the touch of one strong hand grasping mine with kindness. Yes ! that is just it, with kindness it is and nothing else—yet I thought the last week or so he looked with more gentleness ; he spoke with something of tenderness, of regret when he said that he should have soon to take a journey with the prince. Ah, that prince, what a dark, mysterious being he is—one glance of his piercing eyes is enough to send a shiver right through to my very soul. Is he George Barton's evil genius, as he some times seems to intimate ? What is the con nection between them ? I fear—I fear it is him I have to thank for the state of George's mind towards me. A glance from him and George seems to retreat within himself some where miles and miles from me—and yet is not love the greatest power in the world ! I feel as if my love for George would be strong enough to surround him like a child—to slay any other power that would approach to harm him. Ah me, what a wild, foolish girl I am—and he cares nothing—nothing—' She clasped her hands suddenly, and wrung them in her torture of mind as the strength and hopelessness of her love forced itself on her attention. A deep sigh near her made her turn sharply round to discover the object of her thoughts standing a little behind gazing out at the night with a dreaming, far away air as if he was only half alive. 'Mr. Barton, I thought you were danc ing !' cried Edith, scarcely knowing in her confusion what she said. 'Dancing, dancing—what have I to do with dancing ; that belonged to—to what— something or somewhere that I can't lay hold of in my mind do what I will—some time or place in my life, and yet was it my life ?' 'Mr. Barton, you talk strangely at times, and yet when action is necessary you are quick enough, as I am never tired of remem bering,' she added in a soft and winning tone. It seemed to touch Barton into life for a moment. Advancing a step he took her hand in a warm clasp. 'Nay, Miss Marsden, you think too much of so simple a thing ; but I cannot say much about it since it has brought me the friend ship and sympathy of so sweet a woman as yourself, and I am so rough and plain a man that I cannot express to you all I wish to say.' 'Yes, my friendship is yours, if that is of any use to you—friends in this world are not so plentiful I find, and in society it is a word of a hollow sound ; yet friendship, pure and single-hearted, and kind thought never yet harmed anyone, and my life is so lonely a one, in spite of appearances, and will be al ways so, that my friends are few and far be tween. A faction of friendship, therefore, is not likely to be broken on my part—hands on't ?' she added, with a short laugh which verged very nigh to tears. Once more their hands met in a long clasp. 'Thanks, Miss Marsden—Edith may I say for once. This is, indeed, a thing to prize—a true, warm-hearted little friend ; but I forget I came to ask, at your sister's desire, if you will honor me with this waltz. I feel as if I danced, and yet I am not cer tain !' he cried, in an irritated kind of way, 'but you are so gentle that if I don't shape well you will pardon me, I know,' and drawing the hand he still held through his arm, he marched off to the ball-room in the half-absent manner which seemed one of his chief characteristics. The softest and dreamiest of waltzes sounded through the ball-room, and Edith soon found herself floating round in George Barton's arms in the rhythmic motion so dear to all true lovers of the ball- room. Her step and George's harmonized well together. The dancers thinned off couple after couple, but Edith and her companion kept on. Many an admiring glance followed them ; she was so graceful and Barton so tall, and their danc ing expressed the very poetry of motion. But as Kingsley says, 'Good times and bad times and all times soon come to an end,' and so at last did the waltz. With the look of dreaming happiness still on her face, she let Barton lead her to one of the dimly lighted conservatories in silence and stand fanning her for a few moments ere he broke the silence. 'Thank you, my little friend ; it seems that I did dance once somewhere, though 'pon my honor I can't say where. But you possess a great amount of electric force, I fancy, for I always feel a certain defiance of fate or something when I am near you. A strange fact. I cannot explain even to my self what I mean. A strange man I know myself to be—a queer friend for you, little one, and one you'll tire of before long if I mistake not.' 'Never George—Mr. Barton I mean—I shall not change as long as there is life in me at all ; but I wish, oh, I wish I could help you to remember what you wish, but I feel strangely depressed to-night, and I thought I heard more than one anxious tone in the groups of talking people that we passed going to the ball-room. What is in the air—do you feel it ?'— (CONTINUED.) W. H. 13 