A PECULIAR NOVEL. When the fourth edition of a new novel is announced within a month, and a journal like the St. James's Budget devotes two pages to it as a " book of the day," it must have unusual claims to notice. The writer ot our "Social Gossip from London " states that the author is Mrs. Mannington-Caffyn. Dr. and Mrs. Caffyn, who have lived as much in England as in the colonies, resided in South Yarra for some years, and went to London not long since. Both are of literary turn, and the doctor during his stay wrote a few sketches and stories. The summary and extracts given below are mainly from the St. James's: "The Yellow Aster, as the novel is ealled, takes its title from a quotation asking if Nature would he more beauti ful if-through the invasion of science -blue chrysanthemums or yellow asters could be produced at will. The two questions it proposes to work out are Firstly, what would be the effect of bringing children np without the slightest knowledge of the Christian religion, and forbidding the use of the Bible until such time as they: should be of sufficient age to judge for them- j selves without bias? Secondly, what would be the results of rearing children without giving them the natural love of parents, and j -without allowing them opportunity for ex-1 pressing their own affection or satisfying their inborn craving for love t The book is a product of the too morbid sentimental self consciousness which characterises the time. It is Zolaesque and betrays the influence of Ibsen-perhaps, too, the influence of that rampantly Billy production The Heavenly Twins." The St. James's guesses the writer (whose nom- de-plvme is "Iota") to be a woman. " One obvious reason for this as- { sumption is the knowledge of maternity and the large use made of it in the book. Another and less desirable evidence is the feminine exaggeration of language, and the too frequent use of the word damn.' A good many people's sense ot fitness will be offended by the frequency of such phrases as 'brutal truth, brutal health, brutal ex haustiveness, brutal throbbing, infinite blasphemy' (this last was used for about two minutes!).' spasm of infinite generosity, a cold feeling of finality,' and such an un known quantity as ' audible silence.' " To an eccentric father and mother are born a son and daughter, who daring the school age are allowed to run " wild." " On no account whatever is either to be sent to school or allowed to hold intercourse with other children ; no woman is to have any hand in their tuition; naturally, cricket, football, and every other boyish sport is to be carefully excluded from the curriculum, and all Christian teaching iB to be utterly tabooed." " Mercy on us!" " The facts of the Old Testament are to be imparted to them with other ancient history, and they are to be well instructed in the natural sciences. By these means they will learn to know God in His Works-with a capital ' W.'" At 19, Gwen Waring, whom the ?tory principally concerns, has "developed into a strong handsome girl with every out ward grace and accomplishment of mind: but inwardly she lacks much. Her heart, wnose first childish cravings for a mother's love had never been nourished, has become as dead within her. Her powers of mind have been highly cultivated, bat her heart has been starved; and now its natural emotions are buried so deep and its functions have become so latent that the; appear not to, and for the time do not, exist. Nevertheless she was a fine and beautiful girl, and when she ' came out' it was to see and conquer." The man who carries her off is Humphrey Strange, tall, handsome, and gifted with £10,000 a year, and a fondness for travelling. The love-making is as strange as his name. " - " Mies Waring," he said, " I have come to ask you if you will listen to the shady side of a man's life." There was no more tremble or hesitation about him now, he looked as cool as she did. " It is a side that I men as a rule keep to themselves and to their male I oompanions: no matter how near a man and a woman may come to each other, this impalpable barrier keeps them apart, tic." Gwen's colour neither in creased nor left her, nor did she tremble or stir. She knew she had nothing to give in exchange for hiB love, and yet she burned to hear wbat he had to Bay. Only once during thie recital had a gleam of interest flashed in Gwen's eyes; it was when Strange bad thanked Heaven that he " never loved one of these women, that is, taking love in its all- round, Jarjre sense." The answer he gets, is yes. " Don't yon know am going to accept you t' she cries, " I, who don't know what love means-I, who au>, I believe, sexless; don't you know you're mad, and dont you think it's rather degrading to give all you offer me for nothing P' Her hands trembled when he left her, but it was only because she was tired and wanted her tea. * They marry, and then Gwen findBOtft that itwaswicked to wed without loving. After tfeeir long honeymoon without any boney they vent to the family estate in the country. One afternoon,when lier lord and master was away, Gwen went out into the park in a snowstorm to thresh the matter out.: ~ She looked down on herself with curling lips: " Soul! Well, nnv soul I have, and all my body be longs to Humphrey Strange, as sure as any horse in his stable does. And he calls this thing wife and loves it.-love9 it, hlcs6 you ! and in a most astonish ing way. Then this wife, she honours Humphrey Strange, she obeys him, I have never gone contrary to him in one solitary thing and 1 never will-that is vulgar. Hut as for love ! I don't love the man; 1 see every good point in him ; he dominates me in a way tliat, is simply horrible; but love him ! Why, every day it seems less posible to do it, yet it seems that one's first and paramount duty in this amazing contract is to love-and now I have pot to face t his duty. How, I wonder?-Am I to set- diligently to fall in love with this husband of mine, and how? And how ?" she cried. During the evening she went to the piano, played in a vague fitful way, unlike her usual style, and expressive of unrest and anger. Then she sang song after song with a sort of excited vehemence. There was no passion in the voice, hut it was full of "consuming self tumults of vague sad unrest" : "This is rather a pleasanter modification of,her first storms!'1 thought Mrange. " What possibilities there are in thut voice ! I wonder what would happen if I went over and tried to kiss that deid woman into life 1 Pygmalion's lask was a fool to mine ; what's marble to an undeveloped woman !" He stood behind her and joined in with her song, his bass to her contralto. The combination gave one rather a shock at first, but it grew fascinating as they went on. Gwen stopped suddenly in the middle of a song. " I could not have believed our two voices could ever mix and make completeness." " It is a * sport.'" " I like explicable things ties ," she said, peering; out into the eeiiii ploom. " Vou go about with a scalpel in your brain, Gwen 1 What a thing it. is to come of scitntifin stock!" " Oh, it's a diabolical thing for a woman," said Gwen. She shut the piano up softly-she never by any chance banged things-and went upstairs to dress. . . . . " Oh, I wish I could let things be, an! stop poking about among mysteries. I will touch him to night, yes, I will. I wonder-I wonder-if I can possibly muster up strength for a kiss." During the next few weeksGwen conscien tiously tries to love her husband, but without success ; she failed to experience one thrill, or even the ghost of a tremour ! About this time an accident happened ; the horses of the dosr-cartin which Gwen and her husband were driving bolted, and as the pair were being dashed into apparent death Strange asked I her to kiss him once " as women kiss men." ! She tried to, l>ut could not, even in what ap peared their last hour. Gwen received a serious shock from the I accident, hut after remaining unconscious for some time she gradually recovered. Lying ill in bed she felt more in her husbaud's power. " One can't call one's soul one's own with such a man," she thought when dwelling on the " horrible, horrible, horrible indecency of marriage without love!" After taking some medicine, which made " thinking a pulpy, sweet sort of muddle," she cried, " If I did right I would go out on a crusade to girls, and tell them all the truth-then, let them sin in know ledge. not in ignorance ; let them know that love, perfect love, is the only sanctification of marriage ! Churches and rings are a mere farce." These terrible thoughts were induced by the discovery that she was about to be come a mother: " And Humphrey! Now I must sit under those deep, all-pervading' eyes of his, and feel myself tea thousand times his chattel. Now we have a common hope, a common interest, almost a common existence; now every touch of his, every look of his, will burn me, and remind me of my shame. Talk of the shame of women who have children out of the pale of mar rim, it's nothing to the shame of those who have children and don't love. Those others, they have the excuse of love-that's natural, that purifies their shame; this, our life-the portion of quite half the well-to-do world-t his is unnatural." In her self-inflicted humiliation and abase ment she goes to her father's home, while Strange is summarily got rid of by being sent out to Africa on a convenient relief expedi tion to rescue a missionary who did not want to be rescued! In the meantime Gwen's mother, whose loving approaches Gwen repulsed, sickens and dies : dies without ever a sign of love from her daughter, whose love i comes too late to comfort the broken heart of the woman at whose bedside she now cries out in her agony of love born too lateto reach the heart of the dying woman : " Mother, oh, mother!" The infinite tenderness in her voice smote into her own heart and made Mr. Waring rise quickly and wait trembling with fear and a great awe ; " mother, oh, my darling-speak touch me-love me, your child, Gwen 1" " I will not let thee go unless thou bless me." The picture involuntarily rose before Mr. Wiring's eye as he murmured the words-" Speak to me once, "mother I know eveiy thing now-everything-do you hear, darling T In obedience to her husband's warning, Gwen does not allow her self-reproach or trouble to interfere with her duties as the mother of Strange's unborn child. And in this connection we are treated to some full and uncompromising advice and examples on the dnties of women in the heroine's posi tion. Whether these matters are not more fit for the pages of doctors' books written on purpose than for the pages of an ordinary novel which is open to young and old, man, woman, and child, iB a question which can be answered in only one way. Weil, in due course this much-expected, much-talked-of, and most potent infant arrives. Ita tiny fat little fist unlocks the door of the mother's heart, and all the latent, pent-up love of mother and wife bursts forth. Gwen tele graphs for her husband to come home to the ancestral estate, to which she had gone before the birth of the heir. In her new-born love and joy she cries: " Will he wonder when he sees I am here-will he guess why I came T she went on in her glad excite ment "Darling, sweet beauty! What will be think of you T* "Gwen, sit down, or let me take him, you are not perfectly strong yet." " I am," she cried, with a happy laugh, " I am a giant refreshed with nine, ft whole volume of new life has flowed into me, I oould move the world at this moment, not to say cany this mite. 1 am a woman at last, a full, complete, proper woman, and it is magnificent. No other living woman can feel as I do; other women absorb these feelings as they do their daily bread and butter, and they have to them the same placid every-day taste, they Blip into their womanhood; mine has rushed into me with a great torrent-I love my husband. I worship him, I adore him-do you hear, my dear?" " We close this peculiar book (says the St. James's Budget) with mixed feelings. There is a certain amount of cleverness, of humour, and of pathos in the l>ook; bat it is all prac tically wastefl in endeavouring, in a dis agreeable way, to make palatable an un palatable thing. The question of the relations of the sexes cannot be dealt with in this crude and inartistic manner; and the result of reading certain parts of the book is nausea; for even if one has the charity to believe that the authoress's motive was good, the fashion in which she goeB into un necessary detail can only lead the reader to suppose either that she delights in such things herself or that Bhe thinks to attract attention by these means." 