SOME AUSTRALIAN BIRDS. By A. J. Campbell, F.L.8. The Laughing Jackass. There is no more familiar bird than the odd-looking great brown kingfisher, or so called laughing jackass. The jackass or its representatives are found in every part of Australia, excepting Tasmania and Western Australia. It is also represented in the New Guinea region, where Wallace calls the species the kinghunters. Commencing near home with the jackass, we find its range ex tends from South Australia, through Victoria, New South Wales, and' as far north as the Cardwell scrubs, Northern Queensland, where 1 first reported its presence in 18S5. Though not found in large numbers there, it seems as much at home in tropical jungle as in the forests of tiippsland. Another northern variety is known to ornithologists as Leach's kingfisher. Its range is from a line to the north of Brisbane to Cape York, westwards across the Carpen taria district to Fort Darwin. Here Leach's kingfisher shares the forests with another tropical species—the fawn-breasted king fisher, whose habitat extends from Cape York to the coast of North-west Australia. Why is the bird so well known called "laughing" jackass? Its extraordinary cackle (which I need not here endeavour to describe), no doubt, suggested the name to the persons who first arrived in Australia. The rollicking notes are usnally the last of j the bird sounds heard among the tall trees away up the gully after nightfall. At dawn it sometimes precedes even the melodies of the magpie. I have often when camped out endeavoured to keep awake at dawn (a very difficult undertaking, except when the cold from the ground is striking through one's ferny couch and creeping up one's back), so as to catch the first voices of birds In a Gippsland forest the plaintive psalm of the dear little yellow robin is invariably the first, then comes the magpie, closely followed by the laughing jackass. The jackasses I have timed at early morn began exactly one hour before sunrise, Mid then they laughed in duet or chorus for about the space of ten seconds, repeating the cackle at intervals. The jackass is a somewhat inquisitive bird and is fond of watching, from the dead branch of some tall tree hard by, your camp and your actions in it. When a pair of birds first alight their movements are almost as comical as their speech. They generally perch side by side, heads to tails, the tails keeping a measured up and down beat as if to balanoe their bodies. It is only timbered country that the jackass frequents. Its food consists of almost any living thing, from insects to small quadrupeds, and, although a friend of mine, I tax it with killing birds. Small snakes and JixardB are its prey. We hear bush stories of laughing jackasses carry ing large snakes into the air, and from a height dropping them upon the ground, as if by instinct they knew such reptiles to be venomous, and such as should he destroyed. These are exaggerations; the birds, think, merely kill small snakes for food. An incident which occurred by a riverside in New South Wales is described by an eye witnessThe stillness of a sultry summer evening was disturbed by an unwonted " oorrobboree " amongst the jackasses. My friend, on looking upwards, perceived that one of them held a snake, two feet in length or a little more, which wriggled itself free and dropped to the ground, where it was instantly pounced upon, seized near the back of the neck, and carried up the tree again. The bird then proceeded to thrash the reptile's head against the limb he was perched on. As far as my friend could observe, the other The Laughing Jackass. birds were tackling the snake, at] the same time making an exciting row. un the following morning the snake's bones were found underneath the tree, showing it had been eaten and picked clean. A tame jackass we once kept was an amusing favourite about the garden ; it proved to be a gormandiser, for it bolted several dead mice one after another that we had caught in a trap. I distinctly remember the tail of the mouse last swallowed sticking outside of the formidable bill for some time afterwards, till room could be made for it I have mentioned that jackasses sometimes kill small birds. They even take chickens from farm-yai;ds when pressed with hunger, but in turn they are themselveB harried by birds of prey. A field naturalist gave me a graphic description of a. jackass being pursued by an eaglehawk. The jackass, after dodging, turning, Ac., between the trees to escape its enemy, would invariably seek refuge on a limb, gasping fpr breath. After a pause the eagle would dash in and with its wings knook the jackass off its perch, and then another chase ensued till the jackass was 6nally overcome, and, yielding up the ghosts was borne away to be torn op ere its blood was : cold. The laughing jackass enjoys perpetual pro tection under the Victorian Game Act, and in some of the other colonies too, 1 believe. Here and there the law is technically disregarded, and tame birds kept in captivity. Their noteB are apt to betray their whereabouts. But so long aa they are given the run of a garden, no great harm is done. So long as they are not caged or kept for sale the administrators of the law pass by. Like all true kingfishers, the jackass lays in holes of trees, or sometimes, as in Queensland, in a hole drilled into an ant's nest, the earthy lump situated in the fork of a tree or ou the leaning side. Male and female share the duty, when necessary, of drilling the holes. They frequently resbrt to some old nesting place, rearing, as a rule, two broods a season. A full clutch of eggs is four in num ber. They are round, and of a beautiful pearly whiteness, the size being about lfin. in length by barely l&in.; broad. I learn from notes kindly furnished me by field observers that from the time the hen bird lays her eggs till the young leave the nest about six weeks elapse: but I should like further data on this point The chief breeding months are September, October, and November. We may now consider the plumage of the great kingfisher. Theadult laughing jackass has a dusky back and wings, some parts of the wings, especially the shoulders, also the lower portion of the back, being relieved with markings of blue. The tail is browish, barred with black. The rest of the plumage may be termed buff, with a dark-brownish wash on the feathers of the head and ear coverts. The awkward-looking bill is brownish-black on the upper mandible, and yellowish or pale buff on the under mandible, while the eyes are dark brown and the feet yellowish. The total length of the bird is about 18in., including tail, 5£in., and bill, 3fin. Although the laughing jackass was the first-discovered bird of its remarkable genus, and was scientifically called Dacelo gigas, Leach's kingfisher (D. Leachi), in Queens land, is actually larger in all respects, and, being a tropical form, is more highly coloured. The beautiful bluish markings on the wings and upon the back are more pronounced, and are seen to advantage when the bird ifl flying from tree to tree; while the tail is deep blue, barred and tipped with white, in the male; in the female the tail is brown, conspicuously barred with dark blue. In its natural economy Leach's kingfisher is almost identical with the laughing jackass. However, there is a decided difference in voice. The jackass's notes resemble laugh ter, whilst Leach's variety gives ns some thing between a yelping and barking, sounds which are very striking when one hears them overhead in the timber for the first time. It has been recorded that Leach's kingfisher will dive for fish, while the jackass has,been guilty of stealing goldfish from ornamental ponds. After all, the bird is only a king fisher. The fawn-breasted bird of North west -Australia in colour resembles Leach's kingfisher rather than the jackass. It iB smaller than either of these birds. Of the fawn-breasted kingfisher fD. cervina), Gould, who first named this species and Leach's, says that in its native haunts it " inhabits well- wooded forests, generally in pairs, is extremely shy, and very difficult to procure; is veiy fond of perching on the topmost dead branch of a tree, whence it can have an uninterrupted view of everything passing around, and where it pours out its loud, dis cordant tones. Sometimes three or four pairs may be heard at one time, when the noise is so great that no other sound can be heard. The natives assert that it breeds ia the honey season, which is during the months of May, June, and July." A correspondent sends us the following note upon this subject:— "The misnomer 'jackass' is a corruption of the French ' jacasseur,' a chatterer, from the verb ljacasser,' to chatter. The bird was so christened by some members of La Perouse's expedition, who were much amused by the 'jabber' or 'chatter' of these king fishers (vide David Blair's Cyclopaedia Aw tralwna). I do not know whether Mr. Campbell has noticed a peculiarity in the way these birds cling to the branches. They always place two claws in front and two behind. Woodpeckers do the same, and, I think, parrots also." 