CONCERT AND CINDERELLA SOCIAL AT WAUBRA. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) A concert and social in aid of the Presby terian Manse fund, was held in the Mechanics’ Institue on Thursday evening, and proved a most gratifying success. The hall was well filled, visitors! from Learmonth and Coghill’s Creek being especially noticeable. The concert was opened with a brilliantly executed overture by Misses S. Baber and A. Trewin. This was followed by a comic charade entitled “ Crum pet.” Miss L. Edmontson showed to advantage as an erudite society lady; Miss H. Trewin was bright and vivacious, and in the love scenes acted naturally; Miss Laidler as Lady Oldham was excellent, and talked glibly of her rich relations; Misß S. Baber filled the minor part of a servant efficiently. Mr W. J. Harrison as Miss Araminta Blythe provoked roars of laughter, and gave a good falsetto rendering of “I-n the gloaming;” Mr G. Wright was at home as a conceited fop; Mr J. Fraser acted the heavy father in professional style, and gave his daughter his blessing in the manner of a patriarch. As the honest lover Mr Edmontson was a thorough success. The charade was followed by songs and recitations by the following:—Song, Miss Edmontson, “When sparrows build;” Miss H. Trewin, “ We’d better bide a wee,” and “*Home they brought her warrior dead;” Mrs Fraser, “Douglas,” and “Roy’s wife of Aldivallocb,” also duet with Miss Edmontson, “ Sweet Home;” Miss Laidler, “Annie Laurie;” recita tion, Mr T. A. Kealy, “In Nevada,” and “Ah Ling’s Ghost.” The performance con cluded with a dialogue entitled “Aunt Martha’s Ruse,” the principal part, Aunt Martha, being borne by Miss S. Baber, in which she showed considerable histrionic ability in a difficult part. Misses A. Trewin, H. Trewin, and Ida Trewin gave intelligent renditions of the various characters, acting naturally and with grace. At the conclusion of the concert Mr Champman in eulogistic terms thanked the audience and those who took part. Mr J. Laidler, who acted as stage director, fittingly replied. The social subsequently proved most enjoyable. 