The Lady's Maid's Storv. " YeB| miss, certainly, I lived with ' Mrs/Birch— Miss Gifigg that wnB before she marriodMr. Birch. I knew all about that affair. It was very singular indeed — vorv. I'm not suro that I ought to -mention it, for if a lady's maid can't hold her tongue sho can't find good places. Dear mej I'm no talker. I'm as mum as a mouse. Bushels of pearl powdor and quarts of rouge liavol applied with my owmhnnds, snd r over so much as hinted at. As for cotton, bless yoUrhoart, I" vo no verso much as breathed about it. "I lived with a lady onoo that took arsenio rogularly for her complexion. That's no seoret, for sho took too much one day, by accidont, and died. It all came out in the inquest. It's woll it did, for suspicion pointed at the husband. Somehow it always Booms to strike a jury that a husband is the likoliest person to wish a wife out of the way. " But this isn't anything about paint ; Miss Grigg being on the stage, made no seoret of that. She played queens apd suoh, mka. I've often had tickots given me and gone with my young man to see her act. And when sho was haughty and curled her noBe like, miss, and looked at othor folks over her shoulder ar.d talked ; away down in her throat like a pigeon 'gurgling, sho wasy-pplendid, miss. It mitao me think, ho.w nice it would bo to be a queen, and fake airs over every body. ' " Well, Miss Grigg .was engaged to bo married. Mr. Birch had fallon in love .with her when oho -was playing Hamlet's ma. Perpaps you have seen the play, miss? Tho young man objects to his ma getting married the second time, eo I seemed to make out, and noted importinent, giving aass to his ma and his stop-pa, and carry ing on awful." And there was a poor young lady quite out of her mind that afterward got' drowned. " Well, sho was playing Hamlet's ma, and Mr. Birch foil, in lovo with her and sent:her a letter,- and called and made an offer, all in no time. She accepted' him, ; of course, and tho preparations for the s wedding began. I donlt think any lady ' ever had so many dro'Sses before. Silks and satins, and velvets' and laces.- Dear, . dear ; Mme. Blank's 'whole establishment ' was hai'd' at work for .a month, and if I'd had twenty fingers instead of only ' ten, I'd have had use for . them' all. "At last .everything was finished. The trunks were packed, fifteen of them, miss, and fourteen weie togo on that after- : noon, ai 1 ono — tho one with the wedding , and travelling dresses— was, of course, to : go on with tho bride wlien she started next day. She was to be married at. ten o'olock, in the church, and then drive home, have a. splendid breakfast, change her dress and'catch the three ojplock train. Of course I saw. to the' trunks, and I was very careful ; but just when I was heeded most, just as the 'trunks "were being taken down stairs, Miss' Grigg called for- me. v . ; ;' "Miss Grigg was'alady who didult liko towait, and so I went to lier at onco, miss, as was my duty. and/.I said toi Bridget , 'Duster, the chambermaid,— ' " Bridget-, watoh that black trunk, and seo that the men don't carry it off. " ' " Bridget understood with her elbows, of course, miss, and after ,1 had been to the lond'send for two, yards of blueribbon of exaotly.such a shade- as. she wanted, and got back, I found that she had sent off. the blaok trunk first of-- all, -and was very proud of haying been so care ful. The trunks were all miles away by that time. " There was nothing, for it but to tell Miss Grigg. She . flew- at me, , miss. I \- don't blame her for being angry. 1 I would . forgivo her in such a case. . She flew ,at me, violent,miea; and then, miss, she had spuims. She beat the sofa, she tore her hair, ehe screeched, and' me all the whiles saying,— - ' ' " Remember your eyeB, miBs. Think liow you will look, miss. Your nose is . swelling dreadful,. miss." "Finally she came to and bathed her face. And Bays. she : . " ' Flora, what shall I do .?" .; " 1 1 don't know, miss,' uaiu I, ! unless you put off- the wedding until you can telographifor tlie trunk.' ' Ho, that's unlucky beside, one never knows. - Hone ain't to be depended \- Oil.' ., - " ' , . " . " .'-You might borrow a dress," said I. . " As if I would be married in a dress . that did not- fit,' she said. 'Stop,- don't " speak a word. I've tin idea.' '. . " She sat with one'fihger on her lips for "a while. Then site said : " 'My embroidered ' dressing gown. The white one I That's there ?' ' ' . In the bureau, miss," said I. , . Very, well, 'said she. 'I'll be mar ried in that. Telegraph for the trunk, Flora,-' "'The white dressing gown, miss? said I nearly astonished out of my senses; - . - ' .. . \- 'Yes,' Bfiid she, 'the white 'dressing gown j you gooBe, you don't think I'm "going to' be married in oliurolPin that. X won't put ofFblio wedding, and I. won't ' stand up before a ordwd in anything but, my white satin dro.ss l-" But ,1'j.l- bo mar- \- ried at the appointed hour, for all that, v .. So telegraph for my trunk and cpmo back soon.' . I. . .' -- . ' "When I camebaok I found -Miss \- Grigg in, bed . and the ' doctor sent for. - He was puzzled; I could see that. He "couldn't tell wbat .was the" matter, and Miss Grigg. was . too faint to speak.' Ho \- questioned me. .1 said she had: been very much agitated. He prescribed something .' '"anel wont off, 'bidding me send for him if she doomed worse-' Tlie evening paper j'.V published the ro'port that Miss Grigg'was 'dangerously ill, and Mr. Birch cameto the hotol in a terriblo fright, as pale as a sheet, to qsk how sho was. I took him , ' down '"Her love, and sho was very ill.' " Then Miss Grigg said to the Indies jwho had come in : ' ' " ' Loave mo with my faithful Flora.', " AVe'were very soon left alone. I can't , 'say that I was surprised when bIig sat up ; id bed and said briskly-, : . - y .. " ' Lock tho door; Flora; , I'm sick of lying, on my back. . I've taken" them in, haven't I ?. You ode what 1. am about now,?'' : W " 'ixaetly, miss, 'said I, .'to be too ill' to bb married when the time comes.' : <« 'Ho,1 said she ; 'to be ill enough to be'. married in the white dressing gown. I'm going to be married on my dying bed, . Flora.' ; " I gave a aoreech and she laughed, and then she made a supper of sardines and biscuits and witie, and throw the medicino out of tho window. Early noxt day the doctor came. I answered his question ns to what sort of night his patient had passed by saying alio had been ' much the . tamo.' Thou I look a little note she had writton to Mr- Birch, who was anxiously waiting. " I knew what was in it. She told him lhal rathor than lonvo tho world without kcopiug lior vow to him oho would bo marriod on her dying bed. I powdered 1 Her up well, miss, and dressed her in tho embroidered ' dressing gown, with tube rosei at the throat. I pulled down tho CTeeh «fesics.and darkened the room. She nxeutho pillows to prop herself up with, and then skipped into bed. '"Give me- my pearl bracelets,' she said, 'and th'o hnndsomosb of those hand kerchiefs, and all my rings ; and Flora, mind you must sob ail'through tho cere mony. I'm going to bo calm.' "Wo hadn't five minutes mote, but just as tho first knock camo to tho door, sho whispered sorrowfully ; " ' Oh, dear i if I could only have Blow music. Couldn't you oatch that " Tra- viata" organ, Flora, and get him to . play for half an hour outside tho window ? He's always on tho corner. I'll leave you' something handsome if you do.' . "I did it, short as the time was. I caught that man and ho ground out his quarter's worth. "Thoolergyman was a very nice, neat, noar-cightod old gentleman. Mr. Birch was the dreadfulest sight — pale as a ghost end shaking from head to foot. -Tlie groomsman looked dreadfully sorry ; the four or five intimate friends looked as though they were at a funor&l; ; and to see lior, with hor calm smile and powdorcd face, one hand against hor heart, tho other in his — I was glad I'd boen told to sob ; I had to do omothing. And so they were married. " ' I feel,' said Miss Grigg, slowly, 'that this, perhaps tho last moment ot my life, is very sweet. To dio thus, with, my hand in yours — ah ! Dear friend, adieu ! Flora, my ' faithful maid, take this ring.' I saw her pick out the cheapest; but no matter. 'Remember m e by it. No w— leave ,ua. 1 "Then everybody kisBed her and went out of the room sobbing. "In a moment mere there was a scream; Mr. Birch had 'fainted away. It took an hour to brinjghim to. " The- reporter of the evening paper was waiting outside for the hews. It was all published that night, but tho next afternoon the travelling dress camebaok' in the black trunk. , " Yes, miss, of course — Miss Grigg — I mean to say Mrs. Birch— recovered at onco. And that's tho whole atory. I'm she only one that knows it, and I wouldn't mention it to any one but you, ma'am." . 