THE CHURCIH AKND THE PEOPLE. IWHY THE CHURCH IS LOSING GROUND. A HEAVY INDIOTMENT. THE disonssion of the question, Is Christianity played out? reappears with a difference in the American Forum of a mouth ago. Thron articles are bracketed under the general head. ing, "Is Christianity Losing Ground ?" The first and the weightiest--on "The Alionation of Church and Peop'e"-ise by Dr. Charles A. Briggs, who, since his condemnation by the by the Presbyterian Assembly, seems disposed - somowbat naturally - to take gloomy views of the ecclesins tical situation. Yet these sober stric tures of a theologian who is a leading Churchman, and who entertains exalted notions of the dignity and mission of the ChOreh, form one of the most weighty indictments against the Churches which have appeared in recent times. We are living, he tells us, in " the ebbtimo of the Christian Church. The Church is ruled by dogmaticianse, eculesiasties, and traditionalists. But their day is nearly over." The Church, as at present constituted, has lost the confidence of the people in its (1) ability to teach them the truth, (2) authority as a divine instution, and (8) sanctity. As endowed with the Holy Spirit, the Church ought to be in the van of knowledge. But theology is no longer the queen of the soionces. Roman Catholic theology is too medice val; the Protestant theology savours too much of the seventeenth century; oven the more advahnoced types of Protestantism have not got beyond the eighteenth century. r THE FILTHIY nAGS OF TRADITIONALISMi." Happily, there are liberal theo logians: These ministers gather about them multi tudes who without them would be lost to thb Christian Church. The liberals in the great Protestant denominations for theb most part see eye to eye, and stand shoulder to shouldei. . It is a characteristie of liberals that they "beloeve in the Holy Ghost." They have confidence that the Holy Spirit is guid ing the Church of our day as truly as He guaided the Ohurch ol the Apostles. They are not destructive, but con structive. They "have removed the rubbish of traditional theories, and have gained the real Bible," and " a real Christian history." SThey have traced the dogmas of the sys. toms to their roots, and have determined what was derived from Holy Soriplture, what from Greek philosophy and Roman juris prndence, what from the nreeds, what frone the speculations of the theologians, what from the provincial shboole of theology . They .. . strip from the dogmas tho filthy rags of traditionalism in order to olothe them in tbs shining raiment of history. . . Early in the onext century we may hope that a new theology will advance to the front of human learning and will become once more theb mother and queen of all earth. CHURICH AUTHORITY tr WELLNIOGH RUINED. The authority of the Church was impaired when it divided into Greek, Roman, and Oriental communions, was shattered when at the Reforma tion it split up into a host of national Churohes, and was well-nigh ruined when the national Churches of Great Britain were confronted with largo numbers of non-conforming sects. Men seek in vain amongst them for any satisfactory claimant to the authority which properly belongs to the Church. The Protestant denominations hnas in the main abandoned bthe theory that their types of church government are achartered in the New TOistsment, and thoreforo they sek hibs torio right. .. . The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States oi America in this year 1893 declared it to be heterodox to say that " the Church is a great foundation of Divine authority." SALVATIONIST AND SACERIDOTALIST. The Salvation Army, "one of the most aggressive forms of modern Christianity," has "discarded the Church form of Christianity alto gether, and adopted the Army form." It may result in another variety of the Church form of Christianity, or may prove only a temporary refuge for a more devout and aggressive type of Christianity, or "like the monastio orders, it may become an auxiliary of the Church." Confidence in the Divine authority of the Church, "a vanishing quality in moat Protestant communities," is "all the more powerful in the Episcopal Churches through the potent influence of the Anglo-Catholio movement, and also in the Roman Catholic Church." Hence these Churches will gain as the others lose. "The denominations of Christians are, in fact, losing the confidencae of Christian people." THE FAILING SANCTITY OF THE CHUIIRH. The sanctity of the Church is felt to be lacking. Protestants have depreciated good works, and have not taught thorem as essential to salvation. Rome has upheld a higher ethical standard for the saint, but in the main has been content with a cere monial sanctity. Church membership, subsoription to creeds, conformity to doctrines, liturgies, and core moneai; the observance of religions customs and sacred days, bnvo been made of more importance than repentance, good deeds, and Christlike lives ... . Where are the great preosacbers, the great heorah buildings, the great expenditure of Christian men and money-among the toiling macsses of the people or among the comfortable and well-to do? The ChOurchees have been slow to engage in Christian work. Almost all the great Christian enterprises of modern times hasve been undertaken by consecrated moen nod women outside the Church, and oftoon in spite of the opposition of ministers and other eclesiastical aothorities. HNO r CHURCH OF TIHE PEOPLE." The Churches have been slow to recognise woman, or to see " what a mighty transformation will take place when woman enters with all her energies of Christian love into the field of aggressive Christlike servico." The Church has limited its conception of enlvetion too muob to the future life. It has not comprehended the length and breadth of the salvation taught by Jeas Christ. The poor, the sick, the suffering, and the dying need a ealvation that relievee their physical maladies. The Churheb is clled up to consider and to solve the great social, industrial, and sanitary problems of our times. The Church has lost the confidence of the toiling and suffering masses by neglecting these problems . It remains to be seen in the immediate future whether a new denominantion of Christians will spring into exisltence to be the Church of the people, or whether the alienation of the Ohureh and people in otill Infurthelr to inorease, while tihe people Rolve their religRouc and Bocial dittulltieo without the aid of tho Cohutcbes. TIIE OIIURCII OF THIE FUTURE. Dr. Briggs conoludno by donouncing denominationalism as " the great sin tand ourse of the modern Church." The donominationo have nccomplitshed their historic tnek. There io no longer any stufll ciont reanson for their continued existence. They abould yield their lilfe and exparivaor to a more caemprebhenaive nod more oelicient church plan, one that will embracu all that ia hoeL in each. combining the exeeative bishnp with the legislativo presbytery and thbo elect inug people in one compreheonsive organi?fltion, in whiclh overy form o tyranny, injottico, and wrong will be stayed by wholesome cheoks and balanceo, in whichl the afloiail doctrine will be rcduced to the simplon nentecas of the univer eal catholic lIith, and in which conformity to Jesos Christ " elaracter nod service will be regnrdd as of nvastly more importanco than cauormity to doctrine, disaiplion, or earo monial. Then we may hope that the Chourch will have regained the confidence oh the people in her Divine authority, ranatity, and catho licity. 