MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. Mrs. "Walter Bentley's tragie death at San Francisco is reported by the American correspondent of a Dunedin paper. The deceased . lady, known professionally as Miss May Brooklyn, wai& a member -of the stock company performing at the Baldwin Theatre. jShe died by her own hand. She had been married to "Walter Bentley for 10 years, "and her married life, from all accounts, was far from happy." She is described as "a tall blonde, of fine physique, and a very fair actress." The horses of Circus Proprietor Hayes, sold in "Wellington, went for next to nothing. Frank Slavin's assets—one broken nose. Harry Jewett is leading man of the -Julia Marlowe Company in the States. Lily Langtry's latest mash is M. Lebaupy, a young Frenchman, who hos been engaged for some time in the -endeavor to dissipate an immense fortune. He is now engaged to be married to a wealthy girl, and it is said that he will offer the Lily a parting present- of a million francs ♦(over £40,000). - There will be a chorus of 350 voices And an orchestra of 65 performers in the oratorios which Madame Belle Cole and her company will present to Ade laide audiences in a few weeks. "Charley's Aunt" made her first appearance in Dunedin, Hew Zealand, -on May 21. The Fitzgeralds are producing a •circus play at the Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne. The may bring it along -to Adelaide, but they are due in New Caledonia during the festival season, For their American tour Melba and Jean de Reszke get £200 and £240 per night respectively. Ted Stacey, of "Hans the Boatman" fame, has been running a show at Zeehan, Tasmania. On the night of the Queen's Birth Jay George Rignold's receipts at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, were over £400. The piece was "A King of -Crime," a sort of extended Bridge Street tragedy. Dr. Hans von Bulow summed up his musical belief as follows :—" I believe in Bach the Father, Beethoven the Son, and Brahms the Holy Ghost." Verdi is said to be working secretly on a new opera thought to be either *" King Lear " or " Romeo and Juliet." He is also credited with an intention to found an asylum for decrepit singers, actors, and musicians. At a serious performance in Boston, Mass, a part of the audience laughed in the wrong place. The reason was that a mirror stood on the stage and was turned at an angle that allowed certain of the spectators to see the reflection of an affair in the wings—to wit, the flirtation of the fireman of the house with one of the extra girls. j Oscar Wilde is 35 years old. He now wears a Scotch grey coat that reaches to his knees. On the little finger of his left hand are four rings extending to the nail. On his arm is a gold chain bracelet, with a heart shaped locket. His sleeves are large, and so are his linked cuffs. He is stout, but not ruddy. The star actor in London is being superseded by the star actress. T. V. Twinning, interviewed in Hongkong, said that after Mrs. Brown Potter and Kyrle Bellew have made a second American tour, Mrs. Potter is going to take a lovely house in the south of France, and he is going there. " London is the only place where a man can dress to perfection, just as Paris is the only place where a woman can dress; and New Zealand is the best place in the universe for eating." Thus speaks T. V. Twinning. Twinning, by-the-way, is one of the best self-advertisers among theatrical people, and he is amusing also. Here is one of his latest notions :—" A big dinner lasts two or three hours, and no man can really shine and entertain his neighbor all that time; half an hour is quite long enough for a sustained effort of brilliancy at an ordinary dinner. So my idea is to have a band playing, and every time the band stops the company must rise and change places. See the idea %—begin the same conversation over again, with fresh hearers every time." Louise Beaudet (Mrs. Bandmann) is starring it in the States in a light French opera, " Clique tte." A wedding took place on the stage of a theatre in Halifax, Nova Scotia, recently. The bride wore tights. What is the drama coming to ? We have had plays written for pugilists, and now one has been arranged around a baseball thrower. Some local writer might give Bunny Daly a chance to gain histrionic fame. \ Carl Herts has a new Mission entitled " After the Flood." Arthur Garner's Comedv season at the Melbourne Bijou has closed,, and the Montague Turner Opera Company are now playing English opera. The voice of Wallace King, the tenor, now in Adelaide, has been compared to that of Sims Reeves, though, of course, lacking the cultiva tion of England's tenor vocalist. Rider Haggard and Jerome K. Jerome have been giving author's readings in England, but only for charity. Henry Irving's curious walk is copiefl by several actors who might better have copied his brains. One of these sprigs played in Kansas recently, and a newspaper said that his walk reminded one of " a rooster stepping through hot mush." William Archer, the . celebrated critic, saw the performance of "As You Like It" by women in London, and he says—" The next time I want to see a bearded lady I will seek her in her proper habitat—the caravan." George Henschel, it is said, is to write the music for one of Gilbert's libretti Says Madame Janauschek:—"The key to success on. the stage at present is notoriety, no matter how infamously gained." Warm, but not altogether untrue. Boston law makers are trying to abolish exhibitions of semi nudity and high kicking at sacred concerts. Liliukalani, known as the Lily of Killarney, and erstwhile Queen of the Sandwich Islands, will, it is reported, go on a lecturing tour in the States. The Central Hall, next to the Sturt Arcade Hotel, Grenfell Street, will probably receive its official opening on June 14. The hall is one of the best in the city, and has only 1,000 square feet less space than the Town Hall. The members of the Allgemeiner Deutcher Verin are the lessees. "Madame Angot" will be per formed by the Adelaide Harmonie Society next month. Two comediettas, by Mr. H. Congreve Evans—" After Six Years," and " An Electric Quarrel," are to receive a suburban baptism this week. Hermann, the conjurer, comes of a magical family. His father and grandfather were both in the same line of business. In Bland Holt's new sporting drama, " The Prodigal Daughter," there is a virtuous stable boy, who, after accept ing £500 to "nobble" the favorite, is_ induced to forego the tempting bribe by an* appeal to his conscience, though another and less scrupulous boy is soon found to take his place. How many £500-proof stable boys could be found in Australia % Sardou's " Don Quixote " and " La Patrie" will be played in Drury Lane with uncommon gorgeousness of scenery. " The Heavenly Twins," Mrs. Le Grand's book, has been turned into a play by the author in collaboration with George Moore. It is reported from an American source that relations are strained again between Gilbert and Sullivan, and it is believed that they will never collaborate again. Young Salvini is said to have declared his intention of playing Othello, but not until his father has definitely retired from the stage. A Spanish nobleman, one Mendoza, has gone on the stage in Madrid. " Ma Mie Rosette," the opera which Williamson & Musgrove's Company will present during the approaching Melbourne season, is the composition of Paul Lacome and Ivan Caryll. The English libretta is furnished by George Dance. The plot is not very strong, and is very Frenchy in its nature. It turns upon the love of Henri IY., King of France, for Rosette, village maiden, who is about to be wedded to a country swain, Yincent. Henri, who is a gay old masher, is suddenly captivated by Rosette, and her lover resolves to become a soldier so that he may gain glory and so be worthy of her. In the second act we are given a dream in which Rosette is seen at Courts where she is scorned by the ladies and made furious love to by Henri. The king is pur suing his amour in a very arduous fashion when Vincent returns, strikes his liege, and is condemned to death* Rosette's love for Vincent has never waned, but he, finding her in the palace laden with jewels, indignantly renounces her, and Rosette faints* However, the dream is but a dream, all ends happily, and the lovers are united in marriage. The music is catchy, if somewhat reminis cent, and two duets for Bouillon (Lauri) and Martha, which are en titled "Twiddle-de-dee" and "A Ninstance Frinstans," are likely to be popular. Mr. Brownlow, the new baritone, will play the King, Miss Nellie Stewart will take the part of Rosette, and Mr. Tapley that of Vincent. 