— TOPICS OF THE WEEK Ifr. Tomer has completed bis bard task, and doubtless expects to be complimented on bis moderation. He bad 95 members to ■elect from in the Assembly, and 48 in the Council, and bus on 1/ chosen 14. A Cabinet of 14, nevertheless, seems absurdly Urge for governing a compact colony like Victoria. Some 10 or 11 Cabinet Ministers serve for the United Kingdom. The largeness of the Turner Ministry is a symptom of weakness—quantity baa been staffed in to make up for the deficiency in quality. Mr. Turner has taken in four or five more than were necessary, in order to soothe the hart feelings of the 25 or 30 whom he has been obliged to disappoint. His Ministry has been bom amidst uncer tainty, doubt, and travail of soul and body, and' looking down the vista of time we can see, not very fsr down, a mournful proces sion wending its way to where the Ministries of the past sleep with their fathers. Mr. Roberts in his picture calls such a scene a bush funeral. Who will do the fiddling or the organ-playing? Will Mr. David Lee kindly get quickly better from his untoward railway accident, in case the Mayor should give an early order for the dead march of a marionette, for it is in part a marionette, Ministry—a few beads and a goof many nine-! pins. But let us think only of the immediate I present. Nearly all the work will fall on ! Mr. Turner—so placid, so pleasing, and so ; plodding—and Sir Frederick Sargood, who, ii j the experiences of the Monro Cabinet are re peated, will have views to urge on every! question that crops up in Council, and j be bound to have the busiest mind and i the best filled kit of practical knowledge in ' the whole circle. Sir Frederick will give j every other Minister's schemes a touch-up. ! Mr. Isaacs will spare a half hour or so from ■ court duty to look in and see how the; Attorney-General's department is getting on. and to sign memos, for Mr. Akehurat. Mr. Duffy, as becomes a man of letters, will mind the Post-office with due dilizence— much not required—and give polite and humorous refusals to deputations applying for new services the Government won't have the money to pay for. Mr. Best, Mr. Taver ner, Mr. Peacock—is any forecast at this present demanded respecting these? Mr. Williams, at the Railways, will—ay, there's the rub—what mU Mr. Williams do—what can he do ? The problem is a gigantic one in arithmetic, and he knows so little sum rain?. The prospect is sore for the Minister and sad for the country. Has the £va One had any hand in the making o: the pie. and shall things so shape themselves thar. in despair, the Government will be driven ta give heed ro the suggestion to Lease the iim-s s. cue WaQie-Dave-Pat syndicate, which, aaa iiesa. whispered annus bit momma gown'.* Sic. Biuhardaoo thought int knew haw vi icret. and used the garni .'jr-eiy.. Mb. "Villainse ri he is wise—we rear tsie- .annsfeirueuss; it ins fretting himself—wiiL go ai soeej tn. die-tor of the load,, iike a markkiE^jarruaL. nun. trmn* ward bound* on a Smartag. vti die in. Li«k road, for Erigncca, No plane haa been jsnsuf it iie Lcsmert. for Mr. Tremrish. The osi«ra, ji Site. itteit repeats itself, sad once sanest shit artwtst saan there is nothing Eke learner at iovmksV despised. As proper men sa ev*r nrvi xpr.t neat's hide have gone tpx> hh ha&iuwock;, and yet your true workman « passed over. Devious were the steps taken by Mr. Tcroer; as he walked about the garden culling i tlowers for the posy he had to present to ILs i J -xcellency the Governor. The long stretch \ he made to reach out-of-the-way flower* in j one bed, the curve* and bend* he took to f avoid other* thrusting themselves cm hia notice, testify to Ihe variety and contra dict/; tineas of the pledges the new Psemier must have given behind the scenes in order to get in tor Bt. Hilda. Mr. Trenwith, if force- of character and peraistent fighting count for anything—these are merits which would be acknowledged in an enemy, even were that enemy a Jap or a Mongol had paramount claims. The responsibility of office would have lreen a good education for him—the hreaking-in which u given to the brummy yarded at last after giving much trouble us a wild thing on the run. Mr. Trenwith has ambitions, and he has under gone self-torture in order to qualify himself for the niceties and restraints of office. He has pinched his feet and beglovcd his fiends. His blossoming at the tips into canary colours at hts first opening of Parliament showed readiness of inclination to become a swell, and the wish to mount should have re ceived encouragement. If exponents of the cause he and ids comrades perjietually war against—not with the nicest of weaponR— think his time had fairly conge, what must Jalmur think ? There are chairs set for 14 in the Council-chamber, and labour has not been asked to fill one. Who has kept itout ? Not Sir Frederick Sargood, for at Monday's meeting at the Reform Club he hinted that labour and himself were about to embrace, and that block ooats were, in his order, going to walk arm-in-arm for the future with canvas jackets: The best billet that Nr. Turner was permitted to offer ltd labour 'was* ode that would have given U # plaoe ph; the mat' outside the Council- chamber door—to be one. of the oollie dogs Ministries keep to round up the Parliamentary sheep. For sundry Teasons the Trades-half or&iorswuat; n©w.«* that Ihe glorification and their great bag pipeplayer^ wMitba ^r^visr " Liberal tiod wsi juemature. Neither the Trades hall npf tbe iailM» mm itself ifjg.Ha del«daot «n £$2?r % ,*vA'4?''. ■ lv ki ■ v • * the rest Both parties hare groands for moaning over the pongs caused by the law a delay. Such litigation is rontons, and it {seems a pity, vben there ore mrateroos I issues to try and multitudinous witnesses to , examine, that judge and jury, instead of ! giving increased time and attention to the I case, are by reason of tire weaknesses ■ of the flesh obliged to make a long j bat easy job of it by sitting for shorter • hoots and on fewer days of the week than j j would be reasonable in an ordinary action. | The case started each day some time after j 110, there was an adjournment for lunch, i and the Court rose at half-past 3. These are not even state school Lours. There j were no Saturday sittings, there were | frequent spells—spells to view the tinea, t spells after counsel had concluded each jury I fatiguing address, and one spell altera scene i which was toe much for the tender-spirited ! Bench. On this occasion the proceedings S might have been greatly shortened by Mr. \ Purves dispensing with his final speech. It 1 was a good speech, of course, but the sum | ming up of Mr. Justice Williams rendered j it unnecessary. Usually the judge is con- j : tent with marshalling the facts and sng- j i gesting the various aspects in whichi ' they may be looked at, so that a fair j I and equitable finding shall be arrived at. j Some judges suspected of mental indolence\ have summed up so impartially as to leave! jury, parties, and public impressed with the! belief that they were dealing with an in soluble problem. Mr. Justice Williams j hardly left the jury an excuse for doubt cm any matter of fact—he solved every difficulty for them—and yet, strange to say, notwith- j slauding his careful guidance, they found ; against the defendant on all the facts, and j they found for the defendant only on the law | where it steps in with it? merciful allowance ; of fair comment. Tire judgment has been I the talk of every section of the community— i lawyers, merchants, brokers, kc. His emi ! nence as a lawyer is not to be gainsaid—the | profession says that we have not an acuter I intelligence on the Bench, where abstract ; questions of law have to bed-alt with. But j the term that best fits his hand line of the: j facta in the Speight case is remarkable— j ; honest, we have not a shadow of doubt—but; remarkable. Oar first impulse was to speak : 'of it as a "slating."' but we have since con- j | sidered that teat word has not yet been so ' fortunate as to get the judicial recognition ! which has been extended to barracking by' Mr. Justice Hedges. Sir Hartley Williams's ' great tear seera -d to be that there woald be a second disagreement, and his great aim seemed to Le to prevent it. Of old the .sottc was j%Kizist rv.il rtlitm, which tcay be trees'*te-I let justice be done tbonam w t bate % thousand disagreements. Ibuas ah-vrys: s^ened to xs teat the thing 3h_ rqecgic i:iit anas: reass®. to complain of vtitt ire -vu? ai. wbiun. Tare ait-nr bate hsz wire coniiennieL ul in. tzz-jmrA, sjaa^mess as«i tieiii-l air line attack was wz&kij; nam-, dnca west xufetoineh ami tire offor *innr? ut uwwer irem. Ptuiei. Tare ns tnvw Sue tpuinj xl «umt air, auiaserrEjoeS reansae iam uuvreatleiL Es <ssare s&> ht wSotmtA* *x an aa?f rase gru m a ivy-ssag an easy etis»is ams 8/ie isuje»s»oc, &ecs; o-.cit raat he ot&iemSefi.; If are facts an fancm a the tisre arse they vow id have recsired t-ry . .ksie pewtngt To try to prroe them the defen dant had toot/^-isa pee-riouily unheard-of pri vilege from tc- political head of apubiiedepart-; merit—the right to rummage the office records,! to translate short hand ruinate*, topryinto for gotten letters, to fossick among papers which : atold never have been known to the persons responsible for the original crusade. Thus ; was a parade made oi apparent facts in sap-1 port of the plea of justification, for in equity they conid give no support to the plea of fair comment, since they were discovered after the attack was closed. The jury has by its verdict found that the whole series of state ments was untrue. The defendant escapes on " fair comment." After the general elec tion following upon the suspension of Mr. Speight and his colleagues, over a dif ference with a new Government respect ing the future policy of the department, it was next said that the country had condemned Mr. Speight. It condemned him because as a public servant under sus pension he had to sit silent while Mr. Shiels, Mr. Wheeler, and their various bar rackers poured out incessant accusations founded on tx-parU statements. Mr. Speight had next to sit silent while Parliament took* thought whether he should have an inquiry; and inquiry was prevented by threatening that he should have no compensation if he pressed for it. lie was to get nothing if the Legislative Council called a single witness, and his political friends, somewhat un wisely we thought then and think how, ad vised a compromise with the SbielB Government, who were eager to square matters with a grant from the revenue.1 Then, to vindicate himself, Mr. Speight' brought this action, and was heard for the; first time face to face with his accuser, and be hdB obtained from the jury this pro nouncement; that on every issue the black statements made at his expense were untrue. The definition given to fair comment saved Mr. Speight's stoat-like opponent. The press will fee) comforted' if: the law us now ex pounded by Mr. Justice Williams stands good. It is not the law he himself laid down some yehrs -ago under similar circumstances, but Sir Hartley quoted four biting lines ah the expanse of Mr. Speight (for saying circum Stanoes bad not caused him to ohahpe his opinion ot- bis own conduct},' wbioh lines Served equally to rub it into the plaintiff and to antibipate a possible charge of incon fcifltenoy ofviewejgainat the judge V. (i vain WM that man, and false as vain, • = Who said werehe ordotned ... u* ":J~-f&o; run his long career of lite again v; ^- *He would ?o ail that he hod done.". law noW1 exppnnded, by Sir Hwtleyiaooord with the law expounded in tbe 'i'tw& OMe by Mrs,vJustioe Holroyd. Now we ee laid ft is sufficient if the writer has fair groonds to believe the state ments to fee trae. They need not be tree; they most sees trae. In the Punch case, the comment was on an official answer , given in Parliament by the Postmaster »General, on a matter concerning his depart - [ merit—sarelj a statement to be accepted as | presumably trae—and yet the judge declared | that the writer commented on it at his peril, : unless he con Id prove the official statement ; to be true. The press has no objection to the new reading of the law—welcomes it—is comforted by it. At the same time, we think that at die hand* of each and all his political foes—foes whose hate grew as Jealousy grows, by what it feeds on—Mr. Speight has been a deeply- wronged man. And the greatest shame of all is that the arch-offender for all the extravagance and all the waste on the railways was Parliament from 1S84 to 1890, In one column of Tuesday s papers was given an account of drafting yard burning and fence-destroying at Copego, in the Wil cannia district, and in another column Mr. Redmond's argument for releasing from gaol men who were sent there for exploding dynamite so as to endanger life and destroy buildings. The taro things could be easily and neatly jointed together, for they are near akin. Mr. Rett mood ess rts that the dyna miters were sctua ted t>y high and pure motives. Letting off an explosive where it is expected to kill unsuspecting passers-by is a high and pure-minded mode of informing such persons, and any more who may be interested, that the Pameltites disapprove of laws and police mot. and the collecting of rent, and desire s Parliament of their own in Dublin. None of rite passers-liy, killed or maimed, need be policemen or members of Parlia ment—they need not even be voters—they may belong to the unenfranchised sex or 1 be strangers to the place and country. | The point to no ice is that until your ! Parnellite obtains what he thinks is ' good for him, thongh pvrhaps bad for everybody else, the pare and high-minded way of showing his dissatisfaction is to take the life of the first dozen or 20 or 100 persons whom he can grt a shot at without hurting himself. Only a humorous race would con sider the argument convincing and the modus operandi high-minded. In a similar spirit the anion sh arers camped at Copago Lake set fire to and burned down the drafting yards, and alter they had enjoyed that bit of sport pulled op three miles of rabbit-proof fencing. Should it be asked how such acts of wanton and silly mischief could advance animism or induce the Rev. Dr. Hay, of Rockhauipion, to offer renewed prayers for the granting of a conference, the only answer chateau be niede is that the Shearers* Union considers them pare and high-minded. • fhe unionists have been taught in leaflets, psodaostions, and manifestoes that when they cannot get their own way they should bom sots-thing. If the station-owner finds afcearoa who are willing to rigs the 1894 aszessaes^ then men who caapprore of that agr-eesesA and hate ail thearea who want to rigs it are doing a brave arid honourable zhrag fey kssASias a fire ssder the abed (as at Gtaass&er;*) or rendering three miles of fencing seeks*. There is no novelty in the siiaalioa. It is only carrying into the open the practice which Mr. 'Knry 'Awkins thinks good in the domestic circle. When Mr. 'A wkins has a roar with bk mkcas, and gets the worst of thearga-. meot, hie resource m to break the furniture. An angry husband splitting tables, chopping the legs off chairs, and varying the exercise by dashing ins axe occasionally in among toe crockery on the dresser, m an amnsing eight for next-door neighbours, Lot a sad one for the wife; yet, while the man's blood is op, he believes be is doing work which is really heroic, and asserting his manhood, for the edification of womankind. So the onkmist making op to a wool-shed in the dark, firestick in hand, to start flames under it, or engaged to the number of several score, in the day time, at a safe dis tance from witnesses, in polling up posts and catting thrungh wire netting, fancies Mr. Spence to be looking on admiringly (which he probably is), and the public at large to be aaying what noble -deeds unionism brings men to. Yet, let us hope the time will come when the .feeling will arise within the manly bosoms of enrolled shearers that the work all through was sorry and contemptible, and one to be heartily ashamed of. It is complained from time to time that there is very little of the practical in thei Sunday sermon. People with whom believing: 1b an instinct have to listen week after week to dogmatic preaching which, by trying toj convince jthpm.with arguments, has the effect of making them begin to doubt There, is seldom anything said about the things which make op the every-day life of men and wome.n. .If this .world is a preparation for the next, how we Jive now most have an all important bearing on how we shall lire in the future. . Mr. Justice Hodges, in his "pleasant Tuesday" flare-up, put the daljnesa of the preaching down to flagging teal, and Blihop Goe quoted a church man f as baying likened some of his parsons to leaden bullets, not, as far as we can observe, using either silver or .gold ones , himself, nor even iron. Dr. Goe has an objection to the sermons taking notice off current events, lest the pnlpit should bepotpe " secularised.". He only agianoe at worldly .doings which pre extraordiuaiy~-tbe flooding of half an empire, An earfchjqoafcein the Straits of Snnda, oir the plague bf^dng Kong. This hardly ppnehts stifh^tbii, teaching in Holy Writ, that the Spirit of tbe tiord was not in the tempest, the earthquake, or the fire, but in the The prophets of old made themselves manifest very often in secular affairs j b|it, wpfldpiit, they flew at high game. $iy*b ^yejM*Jpng way to beard Ahab tonohihg the matter of Naboth's vineyard, And the .cutting, •afoaems of Mioatah, when he na consulted ly the Kings of Judah and Samara respecting war, showed that he had a keen insight into worldly doings. Accord ing to history which is not very old, John • Knox took holy pleasure in lecturing Mary Qaeen of Scots on her everyday behaviour, axid sometimes spoke with plainnes3 of speech on topics which are interesting to read about in Home, bst could scarcely be admitted into print in our days. When the Marquis of Efbeuf and the Earl of Bothwell broke the windows of Alison Craig, the young Queen, then bat a girl, though a widow, had to submissively give ear to re ; monstrances which were anything hat deli cately pat. Two or three years ago all the pnlpit cushions throughout the British Empire had the dost beaten out of them when pro ceedings in the law courts disclosed that the | Prince of Wales had been playing baccarat at ITranby Croft. But each and all such cases, we admit, come within the category of cata clysms, which Bishop Goe grants to be allowable. Bishop Moorhouse, of Man | cheater, issues decretals from time to time against gambling and against raffling at church lozaars, but, until Lord Rosebery won the blue ribbon with Ladas, the evan gelic clergy of England saw no life in the Derby as a Sunday question, and raffles will not appear as shocking as they ought to till the Dachess of York draws the prize and the school superintendent the blank. The objection to the handling of everyday themes by clergymen appears to be primarily that such themes do not interest, or that sin does not show itself in true hideouBness until committed by some great personage. Lying, for instance, is only shocking in Ananias—the Ananias of Scripture ; in the other one it is seldom more than amusing. Mr. Vale, of Ballarat, who abominates gambling, would not, any more than stationere in general, like to see the sale of packs of cards prohibited in the same way that drinks are to be—cards are always a good line. Dr. Goe, in his view as to what are telling subjects, exhibite Bhrewdnesa which is not altogether unaecular. At the eame time, if we are only to have the truth vividly brought home to us as seldom as there is an earth quake or a plague, the hardening from inertia that goes on between times will make it difficult for the ordinary preacher to strike through the thickened epidermis in the 20 minutes or half-hour now considered to be the endurable limit for a sermon. The name of the Queen of the Netherlands tums up very curiously in a cock- crowing case brought to light in August last. Mr. Myer, of Shepherd's Bush, near London, was kept awake by abirdin the suburban fowl-yard belonging to the CliUncsetlMwof fh#-Legation | of the Netherlands. fiiii *ol»diiof Jd-frote to the Home Office, wbleh i«hs»Sred "Skat the ! punishment for making unreasonable com [ plaints against a foreign ambassador was, | according to the statute of Queen Anne, still in force, "to be whipped at the cart's tail." * Mr. Myer dropped legal proceedings on the ! instant, and did that which no lawyer would I have thought of suggesting—wrote to the Queen of the Netherlands, who ordered her ! representative at the Court of St. James's to put away the cock he kept at Shepherd's Bush, which his Excellency did forthwith. And then Mr. Myer's solicitor had the ; audacity to sue ids client for costs. The question of cock-crowing is a serious one. Everyone who has read the Letters of Mrh. GartyU or Mr. Fronde's summing up. d la Williams, J., of the life of the sage of Chelsea, knows that the principal trials of that heroic woman aro: e through the crowing of cocks which would not let the sage sleep. Her correspondence tells time after time how she had to go next door and buy up the poultry. When Carlyle came down of a morning with his iace wire-drawn and look ing blue uader the eyes, the wife knew what those signs meant—that the cocks had been crowing and that she was held responsible. None of the great men of science—Darwin, Huxley, Owen. Weissman, or even Salisbury, who, after delivering a president's address to tire British Association,is now to be numbered among the prophets—has satisfactorily cleared up the mystery why cocks should want to crow at all during the night. At haphazard hours, when both the town and the roost are asleep, np wakes the lord of the fowlyard, claps his wrings, pauses, stretches his muscles, carves his neck, and crows. From somewhere, a quarter of a mile away, comes a shrill reply. A second answer follows from another point in the circle, then a third, Ac. Before jsix fresh voices have been heard, the author of die mischief has put forth a second challenge, and volley tiring is eoon in foil swing. All the poor sleepers among mankind, from Henry IV. to over-worked -doctors and barristers and. dis tracted lund-booraers, are ronsed ont of their light arid fitful slumbers. Theyiight the g&s;, they try to read, they walk about the room, they throw open the windows, Ac, To the crowing-of cocks we may trace the had habit some persons have formed of waking up in the middle.of the night to take a sleep inducing whisky.^ ^ What good does cock-crowing dp that it should have become an establUbed practice throughout Christendom! It is impossible to are what benefits can accrue to the oocks from indulging in such an unnatural pas time. To the ladies of the roost, perched beside him, his vocal performances must be as annoying as the singing of songs in the middle of the night, would be to the order j Jovingwjfeof an eocentrio tenor or baritope, The cock of die farmyard has no children to soothe to sleep in the etUly hours ; he has no fifes to fight, no rivals to out-face, In Shakspeare's time it seemed; to be believed that cock-crowing served as an alarm to warn ghosts out . on (he prowl that it was time to quit the chill air, and hasten back to Sulphurous and 'tormenting flames, like firemen on P, and G. steamers who have Ioutstayed the time' allowed foramoke hoi on ideok. The orowing of tbe cook soared aw.jtbtebostin "Haml^- and MaxceUu. improved the occasion u follows, th*t erer '(*inst that wmoq cornea "luttto ear Saviour's birth is celebrated. The bird of dawning sbtgeUi sB night »■» And thai, they ray, no (pintdam adr stand • The nights arc wholesome.* * The cantiona Horatio on If in put bettered the story. In oar day, guilty spirits appear to be under no necessity to cool themselves bj night. They have a nioer occupation in the rotf world than their forefathers, who sometimes revisited the glimpses of the noon to reveal murder, to tell where money lay hidden, or to prompt new mimes. Horatio, in the nw^t respectful manner, ashed the Ghost of Hamlet's father if be had planted extorted treasure anywhere, " for which they say yon spirits oft walk in death." Mr. Andrew Lane, who has a sneaking belief in ghosts, is struck with the similarity of spirit phenomena in all ages, and thinks the similarity a sign of earnest persistency on the part of the ghosts. We should regard it as a sign of want of originality in ghost-seeing persons, a proof of imitativenesa. But the similarity is not true. Ghosts have entirely given up coming to us upon nsefnl errands. All the hidden treasure seems to have been found, or they have not good eyes, and, .as regards other nwH^ spirits in general appear to think that in the finding ont of crime we are adequately served by the police, who only fail now and then in a Maryborough case. The spirits of our time come to amuse themsel ves or delude credulous persons with fibs about the doings of the unseen world. If it is true that Shake speare has really shown himself at spirit seances, he has become very commonplace. And whether the visits are gennine or not, present- day ghosts seem to be in no way dependent on cock-crowingfor knowing when to hie home. They certainly have the old fashioned objection their predecessors had to showing themselves by daylight, but they depend on town-hall or post- office clocks to let them know how the the time wags, or they have learned enough astronomy to guess the hour by the stars. At any rate, the idea may be given np that the cockB can justify the noise they make by saying it scares away ghosts. So little harm is done by ghosts, and so much harm by crowing, that really, if the question had been put to the vote on election day, even Ananias could not have twisted the retnrns so as to claim a majority for crowing. The cocks would have fared as badly as the Gaunsons and Morrises. It is a perplexing problem, and before the V. P. and D. Society is allowed to hold many more shows, all tending to increase the number of crowing cocks, the members should be called upon to prove they are practical rather than " fanciful " citizens, by producing and developing (by means of prizes) a bre d which will limit its crowing to the day time. One of the things which has rnade the suggestion of a tax on unimproved land values popular is the sight of the vacant allotments and empty. paddocks which create blanks and gaps in every municipality. Inquiry seldom goes deep enough to ascertain what the reasonable explanation of the emptiness is. It is assumed that the owners have some maiign end in view, and ought to be compelled by taxation to build, garden, or plough. There are vacant allotments for the Bame reason that there are 14,000 or 15,000 empty houses in Melbourne and suburbs at the present time. A metropolis spreading over 300 square miles of ground, and num bering less than 500,000 inhabitants, is bound to have vacant allotments and empty houses, too, after a building boom. Were these allotments in the middle of London they would be seized and built on imme diately ; were they in the middle of Aus tralia, the threat of capital punishment would not frighten the owners iuto building. Therefore, we may conclude with all safety that we have vacant allotments because population is comparatively scanty; and the impetus which popnlation would give can not be given by substituting a goad in the shape of a tax on unimproved values. An illustration is afforded by Mr. Carruthers's speech in proposing a new Land Bill in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly last week. Every land bill brought in- is to per form the magic trick of settling people on the soil in awanne. Hitherto legislation has only managed to alienate acres by the mil lion and to "settle" occupants by the hun dred. Since 1861, when popular land legisla tion began in New; South Wales, 85,009,000 acres have been got rid of by the state through free selection. These millions of acres ought to represent at least 168,140 selectors. That number took them up. How many persons actuallyhold these mil lions of acres now ? The miserable total of 25,760. Yet in the faoe of such a lame result and anch a falling off, after such profuse squandering, the new bill brought in by Mr. Garruthers proposes to dispose of 14,000,000 acresby selection during the next few years. Where are the men to come from to take them np? Mr. Copeland, of the Dibbs party, who brought In the rival mea sure of last session, the measure Mr. Car* rather* admits having largely copied from objects to any but New South Wales re sidents getting, hold of the areas about to bo thrown open. He consequently expects the existing population to take them up—perhaps some of the 366,600 persona through whose hands, the present selections .have pawedj and only ope in ten of .whom meant to stay. On the oontr&ry;, Mr. Carrothers -pmposefl to make It illegal foir .any pre»ri0W, 8e'eo^or select under this bill, uW - hinodorth^nO person will be permitted to seleot more than once daring hisifreilmei,! Selectionk f0,"® promoted axulbonajidu aeouredby ebmpinK tp; the 5fjjfJ? trapped, and freeexobsnge lb land--4he,one indoptryto froprogtess Is made to land legUl^oo to land .taxing,: beoause the j1*8 harebeen to the hand*-ofwtopklou. Pariiftnient givte ftway. ^lf'thaae-ootenies areto boom ahead : it will oot toe by calling tmon each-man to doable bte >*»tHr£y,' bat by tempting population 'topoar Inosit Sdttd In the fifties awdsittifta. "Whatever may be said against theHeoowd French 3£rapirc^-arid no doubt there are mfttty Sins to be iaidto its do0r~4t was At any- rate a brilliant and striking period, anogeof stirring events and remarkable personages In this rospett it is ollthe morepronunenfc by oompAtison with: thedull andhumdrum time that has followed . its ovetthrowsnd the establishment of the Republic. Theinner history of the coup <cL'4tat and of the rdffime that it inaugurated baa notyet been given to the world with anything Hire fullness, hut some interesting contiilmtions hove been made to it from'time to time,'the kUestbeing contained in an article in' the Ibrim-rMy ffc tnerc, entitled "Side Lights on the Second Empire." The writer, Tin W. Graham, states that he obtained hisinformationfrom a lady and a gentleman who were intimately connected with the court of Napbleentbe Third. lie begins by referring '.to a miscon ception that wob at one time ver>r prevalent, the belief that'Louis Napoleon was a strong, masterful "person, a man of action nnd resource. -He was really auy thing but this, being a dreamer, u writer, a theorist ; his most valuable faculty 'being <a sphinx-like taciturnity1 which enabled :him to conceal his other deficiencies. The man who really devised and carried through the great event of December 2, 1851, was a very different individual from the author of the ridiculous and abortive attempts at Boulogne mulfStras burg. Napoleon the Third, as was often suspected even.in the days of his greatness, and has since been sufficiently proved, was simply the tool of a band of unscrupulous adventurers wlio were prepared to stick at nothing in carrying out a scheme that would repair their own dilapidated fortunes. The head and front of these men was De Morny, " the creator, the leading spirit of the Second Empire, the man with whose life the pros perity of the Empire was conterminous, whose death was its death warrant too." Morny was the Emperor's half-brother, both-of them being sons of Hortense, Queen of Holland, stcp- dnughter of the great Napoleon, and wife of his brother Lonis, Ring of Holland. Hortense was notorious lor her amours, and one of her lovers, Charles Henri Verhnel, a Dutch admiral, was father of Louis Napoleon, who thus inherited the Datch stolidity so alien to the Corsican Bonapartes. Morny was the son of another lover, the Conrte de Flahant, a distinguished soldier and diplomatist, and for many years French Am bassador in London. Mr, Graham gives a piece of new infortnation, the interesting fact that the first meeting between the half brothers took place at the residence of the Date of Hamilton in the island of Arran. ] Here Morny encouraged Louis to stand for the French presidency, the necessary steppipg-staae to the Empire. According to the account of the coup d'etat given by Mr.j Graham, Louis Napoleon wished to back out of the plot when he saw that bloodshed on a great scale was indispensable to its success. Morny thereupon drew his brother into an inner room to " gently reason" with him. He then drew a revolver, stood before the; door, and said—" If you attempt to leave this: room, Lonis, I wiii blow jour brains out," j This persuasion sufficed, and Morny was allowed to carry out the conspiracy in his j own way. The story is told by Kiturlakc, who, however, assigns the chief port to Fleuty instead of to Morny. As long as be lived Napo-1 leon's half-brother continued to be his chief adviser, and with his death in I8G5, from the effects of an " internal complaint," a sword stab inilicted by an injured husband, the good fortune of the Empire began to wane. Mr. Graham says that had Morny lived he would never have allowed the war with Germany to take place, but this seeins doubtful in view of the fact that he was either unable or un willing to prevent the Mexican expedition, the failure of which was the lint serious blow to the prestige of the Napoleonic ripime. 