CHURCH NEWS. Pambula. — Mr. Augustus Scanlan, the Public School Teacher at Rocky Hall, has been promoted to the Mendargo Public School, near Tumut. Mr. Scanlan has been Circuit Steward at Rocky Hall for a num- ber of years, and his removal is much re- gretted. Crovdon. — An interesting lecture on 'Life in Morocco,' was delivered by Mr. T. W. Dovey, on Friday, 25th July. The lecture was interested by a number of lan tern photographs, and also by several persons dressed in Moorish costume. There was a good audience, and the proceeds were in aid of the trust funds. Mr. W. Elliker presided. Oberon. — The Trustees of the Oberon Churoh waited on the Rev. J . Hulme to present him with a resolution of thanks in recognition of the great .interest he has taken in the comfort of the congregation, by providing a stove for and renovating the interior of the Church. Mr. Hulme has re ceived assistance from friends outside, and by that means the Churoh has been made comfortable and attractive without adding expense to the already burdened and strug gling Cirouit. Ukolan (Manilla). — The little Church ereoted during the ministration of the Rev. A. Stephen is still flourishing, and likely to continue and increase. There are a goodly number of . young men who attend very regularly, and who by the attention they pay to the service shew how much they appreciate the kindly interest taken in them by their pastor, the Rev. A. J. S. Harding. We have heard with deep regret of the death of our late pastor, the Rev. G. R. Glasson, than whom a more self-sacrificing clergyman the Wesleyan Methodist Church has never possessed. A Memorial Service was held here on Sunday, 22nd July, when Mr. Harding preached a most impressive sermon, urging all to follow in the footsteps of him whose loss the whole Churoh now mourns. Blayney. — Our friends propose erecting a Church at Mandurama, for which, by the exertions of a very energetic Committee, a good amount of subscriptions has been promised, and a very successful concert in Airnrv way.- was held on the 25th ult. A Tea-meeting, and an Apron and Cake Fair are contemplated, the total proceeds of which it is hoped will give ub £100 cash to start with. Since Mr. J. Bembriok's resi dence at Mandurama, with the help of Mrs. Bembrick forming a choir, we have had very good congregations there, who for want of a Churoh have had to as semble in the Town Hall. Mr. and Mrs. Moran's leaving have deprived us of very efficient help in our Sunday School and Christian Endeavour Society. But with Messrs. Wofcton and Hewith as Superin tendent and Secretary in the former, and Mr. J. Williams appointed Secretary in the latter, both departments of work are still being carried on very successfully. Parkes.— Circuit matters are healthy at the various centres. Thirteen persons have recently surrendered to Christ at Parkes. The revivalist has been neither a Cook nor a McNeill, but God the Holy Ghost. Rev. J. Prescott's visit and masterly preaching were greatly appreciated. The church at Curragong has recently been substantially fenced at a cost of £21. The sum has been paid. Last Thursday the event was cele- brated in the form of arbor day proceedings. A large company of local families assem- bled. Ailanthus, Currajong, Pine, Pepper, Elm, and Acacia trees were planted, by the Rev. J. K. and Mrs. Turner, Mr. and Mrs. J. Nash,. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Cooke, Mr. and Mrs. Iram Nash, Mr. and Mrs. Harris, Mesdames Bothwell and Wilkinson, and Messrs. Cawley and Alfred Nash. During the afternoon, refreshments generously pro- vided, were handed round. The circuit minister addressed a few appropriate thoughts. The whole affair was of a very happy and successful nature, and deepened interest in a sanctuary long known as a re- ligious centre in this district. The ap- proaching visit of our esteemed President is hailed with satisfaction. Camden.— A Band of Hope ' Sooial ' at Glenmore was well attended, the recita tions, songs and addresses being well re ceived. During the evening a beautiful dock was presented by the members and congregation of the Church to Mrs. Taylor, daughter of ths late Mr. and Mrs. James Moore, on the occasion of Jier marriage, and on account of her services aB organist of the Church for many years, a service Mrs. Taylor continues to render. Our Quarterly Meeting was in every way satis factory. Encouraging reports as to sohools was submitted. The returns showed an in crease of members, as also those on trial. The income, after meeting irregular ex penses to the amount of £5- left a credit balance of £4. Since this our joy has been tempered a little by the Removal Jiixpenses Levy. Special services conducted two weeks past have proved very helpful, and were blessed seasons. The Rev. R. Bavin conducted the services in the Church, and earnest seekers each night bent at the Com munion rail, whilst others in less demon strative manner declared their ohoioe of Jesus, and desired membership with us. Ten have received tickets on trial. A Christian Endeavour Society has been formed, with a membership of twenty three. On the 20th July a successful con cert was rendered at Camden. The Church was filled up to the point of crowding. The Camden Philharmonic and several singers from Sydney assisted the local friends. During the quarter we have spent £40 in improving our Trust Property at Cawder, and have now £10 in hand, with which the Trustees purpose to give bright ening touches to the interior of the build ? ? TTT' i.l_ m ? A_ ? ? -3 T» * _ ? nrr\ JLUg. YVJbU XrUSlB lLUJJrO Vfc)U, JTllHOU XOU, Cawder, £50, no debt in either case ; a cirouit fund well up ; membership in creased ; and, a goodly number placed on trial, we are grateful for the quarter's blessings. 