A GHOSTLY ADVENTURE. [Br Geo. Downing Spabks. | {CoiUtnued.) □e jay awas-e, ana neara tne nau ciock strike one and the half hour. After that he fell into an uneasy sleep. He was roused by a slight noise. In an instant he was wide awaue straining nis ears to tnetr utmost' ne was beginning to put down the sound t» an excited imagination, when he heard a stealthy footsteps in the neighborhood of the window. All u as again quiet, save for the occasional sputtering of a burning log. ‘ I must be ready for them,’ he muttered, as he noiselessly withdrew the bedclothes from his body. Again a sound from the same direction. Then Percy saw the window curtains—for the fire gave ample light—cautiously drawn aside, and a face appear. The curtains were opened still wider, and he saw a ghostly figure with waving arms. It seemed to be performing some mystic dance, yet it was so misiy and indistinct that Waxbridge rubbed his eyes; still it was there, dancing a weird and unearthly dance. Percy could understand the fright of former men now ; but he plainly saw there was no ghost, but a creature of flesh and blciod—whether man or woman he could not say. The figure, in its strange dance, gradu ally approached. Waxbridge crouched for a Bpring. It came nearer—it touched the bed —when, with the cry ‘I have found you out!’ Percy sprang upon the dancing phantom, and, with a vice-like grip, pinioned its arms. • Your trick is found out, you Scoundrel I You will no longer frighten silly people.' Here he dragged the figure, which had made no resistance, to the light of the fire. ‘The county goal will teach you not to play any more of your (iranke.1 But, great heavens I it was Miss Morgan he held in his arms Here he was interrupted by a knocking at his door, and the voice of the lawyer ex claiming— ' What has happened ? You make enough noise to awaken the house. Let me in I' Something in the wan, white face lying so still at his feet stopped Percy from explain ing. So he stammered— ‘ Oh it is nothing. I had one of my had dreams, that is all. There is nothing the matter. ‘ I am glad to hear it. But open the door, and I will step in and have a short talk with you, to settle your nerves a bit,’ persisted the lawyer. *1 had rather not; thank you all the same. Here Percy threw a yawn into his voice. ‘ I am awfully sleepy. Goodnight.’ A grumbling from the lawyer," and then a sound of retreating footsteps. Bushing to the prostrate figure, Percy carried it to the sofa. The brown eyes gradually opened ; a shudder passed through her frame. She recognised the face bending over her, and was about to scream, when Waxbridge, throwing her handkerchief over her month, said, in a low tone— ‘ H ush 1 not a word 1 Caven is listening, and will hear everything.’ ‘ Don’t tell anyone I* she gaBped, while a crimson dye stained her cheeks and throat. ‘ Only—only,’ she sobbed,1 let me go.’ 11 will tell no one. Shall I open the I No—no 1 I must go back the same way I came. Don't despise me; I will explain all to-morrow.’ She reeled, and would have fallen had he not caught her. * May I see you to your room V ' No; I am strong now.’ She walked to the window and disappeared behind the curta ns. Percy heard a door open and shut; then all was still. He flung himself into a chair, and gazed into the glowing embers. ‘ Who would have thought I should have been the one to discover the mystery. Yet I wish I had not. I never could have believed that Miss Morgan would have descended to such a vulgar piece of trickery. And yet 1 feel strangely drawn towards the girl. Per haps she will explain, as she promised, every thing to-morrow. At any rate, no one will hear of this' night’s adventure if I can possibly help it.’ ‘ A beautiful morning, Mr Waxbridge,’ said Mr Morgan, ‘ I trust you slept well.’ ‘ Perfectly, thank you. You are right; it is a splendid winter morning.’ * Is that not somethin - of a prevarication, tVaxbridge V exclaimed the lawyer. ‘ You teemed rather noisy last night—uneasy, I night say.’ ‘ Why, I told you, Caven, last night that [ had an attack of nightmare. You don’t consider that anything V The conversation was cut short by a voice from the doorway saying— ‘ Good-morning, geetlemen !’ < Good-morning,’ exclaimed the lawyer and Waxbridge in one breath, as Miss Morgan entered the room. They then sat down to breakfast. The Bharp, crisp air caused them to do ample juBtice to the morning’s meal. Miss Morgan, to Percy, seemed even more facinating than before. He was impressed with the courage of the girl. Here she was totally oblivious, it «eemed, of worry and annoyance. To have seen her laughing and smiling at the head of the table was to get a high opinion of woman’s power backed by woman’s courage. After breakfast, Caven contrived to draw his friend aside and ask him how he liked the Oaks. II am perfectly satisfied, and now I want to know the terms.’ The lawyer named a sum that seemed ridiculously small. However, It being re peated, Percy said— ‘ Those being the terms, I will take it. I shall not, however, occupy it for several months.’ ‘Well, I am delighted to have found a purchaser at last!' exclaimed Caven. “I almost despaired of ever seeing the Oaks sold. It will be very good nsws to Colonel Homblower to know the estate will pass into other hands. He has his own reasons for disliking it, I am sure. But,' he then con tinued, looking Percy full in the face, ‘ you have not told me what took place last night, something did, I am confident. Now, what was it V • To say the truth,’ laughed Waxbridge, ‘ I did see something.’ j ‘ Yon did! What was it V ‘ The ghost that haunts the Oaks! But don’t look dismayed. I am not going to back out of my bargain. Candidly, I rather like the idea of a haunted room in a house. It gives it an aristocratic peculiarity. All old mansions have their haunted rooms, why should not the Oaks ?’ ‘ I give it up,' replied the lawyer. ‘ But as long as you are satisfied, I am. I have to go back to London to-day. I have a case on I must attend to. If you are ever in the neighborhood of Lincoln’s Inn I should be very pleased to see you.’ ‘ Thank y.n; I shall surely not forget to look you up when I am in that vicinity.' The lawyer left in the morning train. Percy, in company with Mr. Morgan, spent the forenoon in looking over the old mansion. The inspection only brought out its artistic beauties. It was the house foran artist, and the young man thought so. in the course of conversation, Mr. Morgan, turning to his guest, asked him whether his father had died in India. Upon receiving an affirmative answer, the old gentleman re ’hen you are related to some families live in Kent V ’he Dorsets. They are relations on my her's side. A Miss Dorset married my ’hen you are truly Ahe Bon of my old olmate. Who wonld ever have thought his meeting. he recalling of old times kept Percy buBy vering questions till luncheon. After :, Miss Morgan, turning to her father [ think we ought to take Mr Waxbridge a drive about the surrounding country.’ t was going to suggest it, my dear; but rheumatism is so troublesome that I am iid to go. Bnt,’ he added, turning to cy, ‘ do you ride V Yes; I am exceedingly fond of the ex ' am afraid you will not pronounce oiir es first class; but you can try what we ‘ i think Thomas can find a saddle for Mr. Waxbridge,’ said Miss Morgan. go it was settled, and at half-past two they set out upon what was to be for both of them a fateful ride. " . . The air blew fresh and strong, and the hard ground seemed made for riding. The horses, if not of the best, trotted gaily. They had ridden several hours, and were resting their horses on a little knoll prior to returning to the Oaks. The early winter sunset gleamed red in the west. All abont them was quiet—frozen into sleep. '< Mr Waxbridge.’ exclaimed Miss Morgan ‘ yon remember that I promised last night tc tell you everything to-day. • l will not keep you to your promise, b< replied. ( ‘ But I must tell you,’ she continued. ‘ Of course you have guessed the truth. It is 1 who have frightened people and given the Oaks a bad name. We are living there free of exoense on condition that we must go as soon as a tenant can be found. The house, once our own, was lost to us by the trickery of its present owner,.and we could not bear the idea of being unjustly compelled to leave it. It would have been so hard for father to give it up. I personated a ghost, and thus frightened intending purchasers away. No one but myself knew anything about this. I discovered a long time ago a secret passnge which led to the room you occupied last night. Through that passage I used to gain admittance to the blue room. Now you know all, and ’—here her voice faltered— ‘ don’t dispise me. I should never have re sorted to such a trick had I not considered the Oaks our own by right.’ 1 The secret shall remain buried for ever,’ said Percy. 1 But, cheer up, Miss Morgan. The story of the ghost will no longer hang upon the property. I have bought it, and from henceforth shall rule as its master, and -’ Here, jumping lightly to the ground. he grasped the reins of bis companion’s horse, and, uncovering his head, continued— -• Will you be its mistress ? I know thiB is sudden, but there are times when a man ought to speak plainly. Miss Morgan, I love you—I want you to be my wife. From the moment I saw you I knew your fate wsb linked to mine. I have money. I will make you happy. Don’t send me back to Australia I have been a lonely man all my life.’ She turned her face; it was blanched and tear-stained. “ Mr. Waxbridge,’ she sadly said, ‘ you do not know what you do. I am a penniless girl. I have stooped to fraud and trickery. Yet I erred for my father’s dear sake. It would; kill him to give up bis home. Oh. how\tvUe it is that one sin begets another I*. She paused, and hid her face in her hands. ‘ ‘ But I do not blame you for what you have done,’Percy gently said. ‘I understand it all. Then will you still refuse me V ‘ No, Percy!’ The words were epokert bravely, setting on fire the young man’s heart. Life hai a meaning now; the cynical indifference of his nature had vanished. The mighty first love of a man for a woman had rushed upon him. Everything seemed different now. Earth was no longer drear. How could it be ? The rabbit bounded exultingly over the frozen ground; the twittering snowbirds were sing ing; while the sighing wind trough leafless stems were voices of elves and sprites wishing them Godspeed. It was dark when they reached the Oaks, and, as before, they drew up at the porch. But how different I Last night a wandering Jack had come, not knowing his Jill; now it I was a Jack rich in the possession of the girl of his heart. 