MR. JOHN HENRY AT WOONONA. He Appears as 'The Solomon op Australia.' And Opens His Parliamentary Election Campaign, [iiy ' eucalyptus'] j At the spodal invitation of tho chair man and senators of tho Wooriona tin employed, Mr. John Henry, who very correctly stylos himself ' the Solomon of Australia,' journeyed from Wollongong lo Woonona on Saturday afternoon to make known to tho good men and true of that favorite locality whether he would allow himself to be nominated and accept a certain walkover for tho Woro nora electorate. L'lce all greit prophets and ' too previous' philosophers, Mr. Henry is not without honor save in his own town, as was very evident from his i reception and treatment at Woonona on Saturday. Prom the fact that lie sot out on foot abiut l p.'P. in tho drench ing rain in order tc prove that lie was always ready.' .and willing when called upon it was truly clear that he was a urctt ni-ui',.wiio had the, inter :srs of.hi- own country at heart, and w'lioje ardor could not bti damped or ? extinguish- d l»y Air Illawarra do«vn| our of the first .wat^r. tVs soon .w it'was known in Woonona i hit Nr.- Honry had arrived,' and that he inighfbe seen ambulating in the ina n thoroughfare, nil . his genuine :.friends — tested,, tried, an I true — went out , to ex tend a hearty welcome to him. He in formed them, that when wanted - ha was ahvVys there, that thy man and the hour had come,' that he had been invittd out toaddfssa public ine-.tin.', and thut he intended to unhosnn hiins-1 £ of a ft;w eye-openers with regard to tho . li'-.e strike, the. Rev. Mr. Taylor, and Mr, ' Goordie' Henderson. Mr. - Usury's peculiar-and invisible iulluence -over tho peop e, assisted by a wag of a boy with a bell, brought a large crowd to tho Skating Rink at Woonona, whire aouie 300 or 400 iiion and youths and a ??nam- 1 bar of ladies fou ml sea! iugaccoui mbdation. Mr. John Smith, of BelUmbi jetty, was | vo ed to the chair, and announced that Mr. Henry appeared there that night at the pressing request of all prosont. Mr. Henry had a good hearing, and s -011 put his audience in a good huuior, the merry laughter of the company and thoir frequent outbursts of applause and other signs of approval and en couragement being very gratifying to the renowned o ator. Mr. Ilenry is, un;que, inasmuch as he seems to 'v.* always mantled with a nimbu-t of romanc, and his marvellous mode of preaching the Ten Commandments 'and at the same timo romancing freely and serenely gives him the charming advan tage of a singular and porennial halo. As Mr. Henry exfoliated his sentiments on everything in general he gained all ? he honors and ovations of a Toole. He told hisauditory thestoryofhowhesettled the great maritime strike, how ho re* peatcdly journeyed to Sydney and inter viewed Mr. Vickery, Mr, Mitchell, Mr, Wilson, and other coalownors, insisting that they should end the strike until he1 brought about its termination. Though he lial often stited in Wollongong most freely and with every possible and im possible detail how he settled the late strike, he took a good deal of urging on this occasion to repeat the good he did ?n that recent matter. He saw Mr. Henderson in the nie -ting, and he kept his eye on him as a sort of bole hoir. Possibly this great' religious romancer had an intuitive suspicion that Mr. Honderson might be cognisant of faots, and maybe rudo enough to conit-at sune of his assertions, or that he might be surroundou oy tlie 1-iev. iYir. JLayiors admirers, and consequently on danger ous ground. .However this may. bp, lie at last made a statement about the late strike, but whilst . doing so he was like the white slave -in Uncle Toni's_cabin crossing the Ohio, his unusual /iinnner of seeming to step from one piece of broken 11 ;ating ice to another, with great doubt, arid uncertainty at, every step, bc-i ig very amusing. But his hearers did not betray signs o£ unbelief, and their encouragement inspired him with confidence. . Then he spoke out unhesi tatingly, with sublime audacity, and gave particulars of his soveral journeys to Sydney, at the request o£ the Kembla men, and at his own expense, where lie interviewed Mr. Vickery and hud. down to him the terms of tho agreement that was finally adopted. He also credited Mr. Vickery with receiving him every time graciously and courteously, but did not forget to oxposs tho treachery and knavery of Dr. Robertson and Mr. Ronaldson in the matter, the latter two having attempted to thwart him and nullify his efforts. He had been in formed, moreover, that Mr. Campbell, M.L.A., in order to damn him politically in Illawarra, had, in the columns of the Mareury, given the credit of settling the strike to the Rev. Mr. Taylor, of Bulli. It was all very fine for Mr. Taylor to m°et Mr. Vickery by accident on the Bulli station platform, when the strike had been settled, and after a casual conversation to go 'away to Mr. Camp bell and arrange with the loiter that it should bo published that the former had brought about the agreement. It was very mean, because it was' filching from the speaker his just rights and his good name. Mr. Henry then informed his audience that on his last appearance in Bulli as a dramatic and musical en tertainer he told them, when they threw tlourathim, that they Would bo sorry for it, and that it would bo much better if they gave him the flour to take home to his wife and children. Since that time they had heen sorry tor wnac tney did to him, for many of the people of Bulli and Woonona had been wanting bread. It was at this stage that the meeting admitted tint Mr. Henry was a mai of wisdom and foresight-, and that no prophet was b-tter qualified to en large on the proverb ' Waste not, want not!' He desired to declare publicly that Mr. Campbell, M.P., had been trying of late to do him a very grave w i-o ii'. Mr. Campbell had been to the leading Orange lodges in Sydney and told thom that he (Mr. Honry) was a true Catholic, Mr. Campbell's object being to get him discredited amongst tho Orange and Protestant bodies in Illawarra. Mr. Campbell had also been to tho leading Catholics in Sydney and told tlietn that ho (Mr. Honry) was a conspiring Orangeman ot tho deepest dye. This was very unfair, sei'ing.tlmt' he (Mr. Henry) had offered Mr. Camp bell a walk-over fur Woronora if he would only rotiro from Illawarra, so that he (Mr. Henry) might have a fair chance of showing Mr. Lysaght that Illawarra was no longer a pocket electorate for him. But Cardinal Moran had done hini justice, for ho had declared publicly that ' the sainted Protectionist' (mean ing Mr. Henry) was the man for Illa warra. Mr. llenry finished up his ora tion with a gieat political declaration, lie said that all tho members of Parlia ment and other politicians had been waiting for hini to deliver that evening's address, so thut they might take from it their cuo for their speeches and poli t?r»a fnr* tllA fnrl linnminrv fYATaftr.il alon. lion. The labor members lad been waiting for him to spesk, and so had Sir Goor»e Dibhs. Tho lattor .would now dissolve Parliament forthwith. After this cams the questions. In rep'y to Mr. Swendoig, Mr. Henry said nn enormous quantity of alluvial go'd .would be found west of the . present workings at Wyalong — in fact, it w° u'd bn found north, east, south, .aiyl. wns1, of -the present rncampmeifv there. There would be no lack of water at Wyalong, which fact would be due tit the country around being shaped by a certain 'circumlocution of ;.fora - ini i fern.' In reply to Mr. Thomas C.vlyl', i he said there was gold, silver, copper, j tin, lead; mercury, ' and all kinds of i precious stone- in abundance under the Illawarra coast and in the Illaw-irra mountains to a distance back of '10 miles from the seaboard. He declined to intorm air. Kossicicer wiicivtne go (t was to be foun l' in Illawarra ' lest tlv questioner should be as wise as him'elf.' Mr. Garibaldi asked — 'Supposing that bananas aro selling at 2d a hundrod in Fiji, and at Is a hundred in Sydney, what should they be retailed at in Wol longong?' Mr. Henry decl ncd to answer this on the ground that it was not ' a wisdom question,' Mr. C»rbon asked — 'If coal is selling at Tilbury Dock nt 18s a ton, what should it fptch in Sydney ?' Mr. Honry replied ' 16'.' Mr. Oirbon further asked — 'if cod is selling at 9s a ton in Sydney, how much a ton should the miners in Illawarra get for hewing tho coal?' Mr. Henry replied '? 3*, or one-third.' Afked by Mr, Madhash v.hothoc Mars was in habited, ho said it was, and a'so Jupiter, S iturn, ond Venus, but the dwellors'on those planets were not quite similar to those on this earth. Asked by Mr. Swallow to desciibe in d»tail'the inhabitants of Mars, Mr. Henry s ad 'one fool was enough at a time.' Mr. Schiller asked what he thought of Mr Wragge as a rain and weather prophet. Ho replied that Mr. Wragge could only prophesy for a week or ten days ahead at a time, because he (Mr. Henry) would not let those who sent on his tip3 to Mr. Wragge know more than that, but he would now give them a prophecy for three months. Between then and the end of June there would be light showers on the' ' 'Cjbs*, with a few heavy ones occasional'y. and at intervals there would be sun slvne. Winds would blow, at different times, from, all points of the compass, and now and again the wind - would be strong and gusty. Mr. Ben Johnson asked -r- ' Seeing that yon intend to make Wollongong tho largest- city in ?Now South Wales — 20 miles square— and scoing thit a breakwater 20 milo-i square will require running out into tho sea to provide dry land for the city, how. do you propose tr, bale o'ut the water iliac win do encioseu lnsiue uie ! breakwater?' Mr. Henry hoped the] questioner did not imagine he was such a fool as to huild a city out into the sea, seeing that there was plenty of land at the back of the mountains, bub he had his. scheme already prepared, though he did not intend to disclose it until -the electors had shown their appreciation of his efforts by electing him to Parlia ment. Mr, Walter Scott asked — ' What do you think oE the three labor candidates who have been nominated for Woronora — the Australian native, the Geordie, and the ' Yankee ?' Mr. Henry replied that- the Australian was a good, straight man ; the Geordie was ' a great conviver and the Yankep, if they did not watch . him closely, would very soon lio oii their shoulders. ?. At this stage Mr. Henry complained to the chairman that ' .the quostions were getting very thick and very heavy,' and said he thought he had answered sufficient. Ia lieu of answering ques tions, and to show that lie was an all round candidate, he volunteered to sing. He sang 'The Deatlr of Nelson,' ' Auld Lang Syne,'1 and ' God Save the Quenn,' calling for three cheers for her Majesty, which were given. He also recited from Shakespere's Merchant of Venice, Othello, and ' 'H'amlet, throw ing in a. recitation about ' Fisher's Ghost.' His musical cadences wero like the Illawarra mountain slopes, and his Shnkospere was more of a medley than on former occasions. Though Mr. Henry sutlers from chronic lassitude and inertia, he evinced, more mental activity in answering the not easy ques tions than he 'is popularly supposed to show physically. At the close the chairman informed the meeting that Mr. Henry had been ad dressing them in forma pauperis, and that he would require sinews of war with which to fight the election in Illa warra, Two florins and a half were col lected for hini, and he seemed pleased to think that at least meals for the Sunday were assured. It was unanimously re solved, amid much applause, that he was '?a fib and proper person to represent WorOnora in Parliament, and that that meeting pledged itself to. secure his elec tion providing he would allow his name to go on the ballot paper along with those of the 3 labor candidates previously nominated.' Just as he'liad agreed to do this the inevitable bag of flour struck him on his manly chest, whereupon Mr. Henry changed like a lion and put up his back. He told them that they need not imugino that he had come out there to woo Woronora, for he had already re ceived invitations to stand for East Sydney, North Shore, Murrumbidgee, and Armidale, but he intended to submit himself to the electors of Illawaira. This would b?. their last chance, and if they did not elect hiin ' he would fold up his tent, like the Arab, and as quietly i steal away. He would leave Ulawnrni ] for go id, and go to America, where he could at leistsoar with the eagle, lie w»s placated with the assurance that tho Hour was thrown by. a boy who had been sent into the hall by Mr. Nicholson or the Citizens' Committee, who were joalous of him. Tho meeting termina el vory satisfactorily. 