THE OTHER LODGER. BY EDGAR DEE. refinement end lux ury, and there baa lately (crown up a new (sab ion ghosts. The propa ganda eaponsed by the modern legend makerdiffera altoge ther from the ghost lore of our fathers and mothers. The up-to-date yonng man interviews ghosts and permits hie hand, guided by invisible agency, to transcribe messages from the o ther worldwhiohinmany oases are prosoio to a fault and are cer tainly never very interesting. (Tnder these oiroumstsuioet the romance attaahed to the ghostB of a past epooh is rapidly losing its bold on the mosses, the belief in the blood ourdling epectre who rattlesohains and emits thrilling groans is dying out, and I, who intend endeavouring to relate in these ooluinns a perfeotly genuine experience, shall, in all probability, be laughed at as one who oan be easily gulled. Permit me then to say that in the year 1875 I was a rank unbeliever in apparitions. 1 did believe that at the moment of death the spirit, by some strange power of reflection, or transference, was able to make iteelf seen for a brief instant in any part of the world, but beyond the foot that, for some insorutable reason, man at the supreme moment of ousting off this outward tegument was permitted to annihilate timo and space, I certainly had no faith m the supernatural, yet in the course of that, to me, most memorable year my in credulity was to have a rude awakening. I went to live in the May of 1875 at No. 16, Bunhill-row, a very old house, pulled down about eight years ago, much to my annoyance, for it was the one where John Milton lodged, and in which he wrote a part of his " Paradise Lest," and it was there that I made the acquaintance of tho man who is the chief figure in this narrative. He ooenpied the parlours and the entire basement, He was a wholesale pipe mer chant, a bachelor, and lived a very quiet life, for although I often passed in and out 1 never saw him save when 1 knocked at his door once a month to pay him his rent. That the man did very little business was evident, he was living on the wrong side of the narrow thoroughfare for that; and but for the legend of O. Burger, pipetnaker, on the little brass doorplate, and two or three fanoiful and to me old-fashioned looking pipes in the little parlour window, I should have supposed the house to be wholly private. One evening I went to see Irving at the Lyceum, and after the theatre I lingered late the West-End with a friend who hadaooom psnied me, having a nice little supper and a chat at his olub, eo that it woe quite 1 o'clock before I slipped the latohkey into the keyhole of No. 1G. As I opened the door, however, i tho passage lamp, whioh was turned down, ' showed me, apparently emerging from Burger's room, an old quaintly- attired man, who passed me by and turned down the stairs leading to the basement. I muttered a good night and passed upstairs, thinking no more I M0TTEBBD A GOOD NIGHT. of the incident except to remark to my wife that Mr. Burger bad a visitor staying with bim. Quite a month went by after this, when one evening my wife and I went for a walk round the houses, the children had all been put to bed, and the maid had gone home to see her parents. Wo strolled past old Bunhill Fields burying- ground, where lie the remains of Bunyan, Defoe, Dr. Watts, and many notahles, and round by the City-road into Fins bury Pavement, thenoo home. The walk oould not have taken more than twenty-five minutes, yet, on our return, we found our eldest boy sitting up in bed orying, and the other children awake. All we oould gleaufrom bim that a nasty old man had been in there, and I at once sprang to the conclusion that it conld be none other than the person I had seen the night I had returned home so late. I went downstairs to Mr. Burger at once to ask for an explanation. It was the month of August, and, although past 8 of the olook, it waB as yet only duBk. He opened the door after I had knocked twice, and 1 found him with alamp in his hand shaking all over, and a fans on whioh abject terror was so plainly stamped that in surprise I exolaimed, "Why, what's the matter with you!" "Ob, it's only you,"said he, evidentlymuoh relieved; "comein." He said this with his teeth olattering in his head and a wild hunted look in his eyes, whioh was a trifle nerve-dis turbing. " I regret having intruded on you at a moment when you were clearly upset about something, but I want to know if that old gentleman whom I met in the passage about a month ago is still staying with you J" "I—I'm afraid he is," stammered the almost paralysed man, sinking into a heap on the la.'ga old-fashioned armchair, whioh he had been apparently sitting in before; "I'm sorry to say he is. Take a ohair, my dear sir; take a chair." "Thank you," said I, sitting down, for I fall) that there was some mystery afoot that wanted unravelling. "The reason I ask ii this, thafc the old man came into my children'< bedroom just now while we were out for a walk, and I aalt it a somewhat unwarrantable liberty." "He wouldn't take anything," ejaculated ftlr. Burger, you may be sure of that. Still, of course he'd no right to go thereat all." . " Precisely," said I, "hut I should like to tell him so myself, and have a distinct un dertaking from both him and you that it does not ooour again. I don't see what bis | objeot oan be, unless it'e ouriosity; but as he's frightened one of my children nearly out of bis wits, I reallyjnust have a very definite un derstanding, as I don't oare to always lock up the bedrooms, in case of fire." Mr. Burger eyed me, uneasily fidgeted in the ohair, made a little appealing glance at me, and finally eaid a very curious thing. "He doesn't often go upstairs, sir; .. might be months before anything like that would happen again. If it should, don't take any notioe of him. He won't do you or your family any harm." " What," I rejoined, " do you suppose if I pay rent for your five upetair'rooms that I'm going to permit"—then I stopped suddenly, for my landlord's manner appeared so little short of _ imbecility that it struck me this visitor might be some idiot brother or nnole of his, so I eaid in a low tone, leet the objeot of my query might be in the next chamber, "It the old gentleman a little crazy t" " That'e what they say," said the landlord, arousing himself, and seemingly glad that I had hit upon the solution without his aid, "at least I've always thought so." '1 Whereis be now ?" " I- I don't know; I rather fanoy he's out." ' Well,"I said, "I hope that you'll take an opportunity of speaking to him and impress mi? ,upon m he's nob to go upstairs," Tue landlord promised this, and I returned to my rooms. Several weeks flew by after this, and then we went for our August holiday to Yarmouth, returning the first fortnight in September. We came borne by the train leaving Yar mouth at 5.45, and arriving in Liverpool street at 9 o'olook. Consequently as Bunhill row is so near we were home twenty minutes atter, and the maid, who had been to Yar mouth with us, started to light a fire to brew some coffee or tea, while I went down to pay the rent which was overdue. lis Itrippeddown the stairs Ifancied I beard something behind me, and turning round I perceived the crazy old man following, on which I hastily moved aside for him to pass, for I began to think his eccentricity might possess a murderous vein, in whioh case he would have me at a disadvantage, being behind me. He smiled as he went past and almost brushed me with his ooab, so I determined to apeak to him about his coming into my part of the bouse. " You'll pardon me, air," I said, "but may 1I ask by what right you walk up and down these stairs. Hasn't Mr. Burger told you that" 1 stopped aghast, for the old gentle I man, who had not taken the slightest notioe of what I was saying, was gone, where and how I was beyond my divining. I I stood stock still for a minute, then knooked i to Mr. Burger's door, and was dnly admitted. , " We have returned from Yarmouth to night, Mr. Burger, and in the meantime the rent day ! has come round. I have brought the money down." "Thanks very much, but you need not have been in Buoh a hurry," eaid my landlord. " I hope you had nice weather." "Pretty fair for September, and now tell me, bow is the strange old gentleman getting on ?" " He looked at me very piteously, and said, "You have not seen him to-night, surely?" "But that's just what I have done. He followed me dawn the stairs this moment, and just as he got to your door he vanished as though be were a ghost." My landlord groaned. " Precisely what he is,"eaid he. "and that's where my trouble comes id. The pipe trade, in whioh I am engaged, has lor many years, like everything else in this country, been in the hands of foreigners, with the result that I can hardly earn enough to keep body and soul together. Well, nine years ago I took this bouse oo a long lease with the idea that I oould let, but I hadn't been in the place a week when I became aware that somebody else shared it with me. The noises were very faint, but there were noiieB, and they always —.me from the basement; so one morning about 2o'clock, not being able to sleep, I went down with a candle to see what it was, when, as I turned the corner of the stairs. I came faoe to face with the old gentleman you have seen." " Dressed in a long and dirty fawn coat of the time of George II., with knee breeohes, silk Btookings, shoes with buokles, and a bob wig?" " Exactly; you've described him to a tee. I was so amazed that I nearly let the candle fall, buthebetraying no astonishment, ad vanoed on me, and before I knew what had happened he had patted through vie, and was making for the door of this room." " What did you do ?" "I followed the apparition, for I knew then that it must be an apparition, ami saw him fade away, so to speak, against the panelling of the door yonder. I next opened the door, after a few seconds'hesitation, and entered this room, but he was nowhere to be seen." " And sinoe then?" " Why, I've seen him hundreds of times, and although I've grown quite familiar with his appearanoe I'm always frightened at him." _ " It is rather late in the nineteenth century to believe in ghosts, Mr. Burger. The old superstition, when a spectre affected a par tiouler spot was that there was a bidden treasure. Has this ever occurred to you ?" "Well, sir," said be; "it did flash aoross uieonoe or swioe, butl m far too unfortunate for any suoh luck as you suggest, though God knows," ha added bitterly, " I'm on the verge of bankruptcy and the poorhouse, for a good deal of whioh I have to thank thiB miserable apparition, 09 I need scarcely tell you that sinoe I took the house in 1806 not one of the twenty-two sets of lodgers to whom I have let the apartments you at present oooupy would stay a moment once they learnt the teat onaraoter of the unbidden guest." I sui suppose you have never searched in the oeliars or dug down to see?" " No, I've not," he laughed;" the tact t* I've such a horror of the old man that I don's seem able to follow him when he beckons me." "O!.-! be beckons you, does he; this is grow ing interesting." " Yes, and he then goes downitaira— bs'ah—" and following the obanged direction of Mr. Burger's eyes I saw the "other lodger" standing silently by the door, scanning me intently. He might have stood there motion less but for his winking eyes, six or seven seoonde—it might have been less, but suoh moments seem a long time when awe has transfixed the brain. Then he oalmly beckoned me, turned round, fooed the door, and melted away into the panelling." " Mr. Burger,"said I, " I am cot a particu larly ooursgoous man, but this is the first apeotre I bare ever seen, and I'm going to bottom this thing thoroughly," saying which I lighted a oandle, and, asking my companion to bear me company, I deaoended to the base ment, where we found, no signs of .anything living or dead except a lot of empty packages and heavy orates. "Is there any place lower down than this !" I enquired. "Yts,"aaid Burger, "an oldooaloellar,hut it'e never been used since I took the bouse. It's too far down, and these rooms, originally kitohens, have always been utilized by me as what you see them—storerooms. He took me to the end of the passage, and pointed to a dark atone stairs. I held the oandle high, and tbrnstit forward to peer into the blaoknese. There at the very bottom was the smiling Georgian gentleman, facing us and evidently waiting for us to descend into the murky cellar. I went down, and.l must admit, as he again disappeared through the closed door, I felt a little creepy, but I was also determined to go olean through with it; so finding the door looked, and Burger assuring me he had never had a key, I forced it open with a vigorous kiok and entered a perfectly empty cellar. Old coal dust and cobwebs there were in plenty, but no signs of onr ghostly guide. Then ensued the most gruesome, ghastly episode of the evening. I felt no particular draught myself, yet the oandle I held was suddenly extinguished as though blown out. I could hear Burger's teeth chattering in the outer darkness, and I must admit I felt very squirmy myself. While I was seeking for a matoh and Bnrger was doing the same, there flashed into existence on the wall of the cellar a word as olearly defined as thongb it had been thrown there by an oxybydrogen lantern, and It had round it a halo of light. IT FLICKEEED, FADED, AND WENT OUT IN A FEW SECONDS. lb nickered, faded, and went cub in a few seconds, but it lasted long enough to convince Burger that the ghosb this time saw a way out of his difficulties, and meant real business. The next day Burger and myself went down into that cellar with two pickaxes and a shovel aDd — but I shall not for certain obviouB reasons enter into details, except to say this that Burger is now a very elderly man, living retired on a small competence at Highbury, and that I go up with my family on the 18th September every year to visit him and crack a bob vie of ohampagne to the ghost's health, for it was on that day* that we dug up the osllar floor and the appari tion never troubled the bouse with its presence afterwards. You cau quite understand why I don't par tioularise, as there is such a thing as a Govern ment department which deals with treasure trove, and we couldn't see then, nor da we see now, why the Crown should come in and share the swag, not but what they might in my oaee, for I lost it all in the Elephant and Castle theatre a few years later, and the only thing I now possess to remind me of that sweet old spectra (here's to his memory) is a perfeot spade guinea which I have worn on my watch chain ever sinoe. 