literary Gossip, \- (BY " ESPIGADOR.") A number of letters of Bobert Southey were recently to be disposed of in London. They con- tained several interesting references to his own writings, and to those of his contemporaries, espe- cially Sir Walter Scott's. Southey, as far as his poetry was concernée!, hit the taste of his own day not very much better than he does that of the present. There was only too much of literal truth in Byron's sneer at his "epics" that " crammed the creaking shelves." However, Southey may be said to have " serenely dedicated himself to posterity," and with a full confidence that his claims would be recognised. Speak- ing of the phenomenal success of Scott's " rhymed novels," and the small gains, or hardly any at all, which one of the aforesaid epics brought him, he comforts himself with the thought that " my aoorns will grow when his (Scott's) Turkey bean shall have withered." Two new books, or rather old books, not hitherto known to the majority of collectors of works re- lating to Mary, Queen of Scots, were lately in the English market. One was a little pamphlet of four leaves in French entitled " Discourse on the Death of the Very High and Very Illustrious Princess, Madame Marie Stouard (sic), Queen of Scotland." Neither the date nor name of place is to be found in the title page, but there is reason to believe that it was printed in the year 1577, and probably in Paris. The other book, a very rare one, also in French, on tho same subject, was issued subsequently to the tragedy ac Fotheringay Castle, and is called "The Death of the Queen of Scots, Dowager of France," 1588. It is specially interesting from the fact that it contains a very curious woodcut portrait of the unfortunate queen. ! Mr. Eudyard Kipling was recently to visit the Bahama Isles. If he could only manage to turn the "West Indies to half as profitable an account in the way of yarn spinning as he has the East, a preliminary sojourn in Those cinnamon groves Where nightly the ghost of the Carribee roves, would certainly be worth his while. .- I According to an American contemporary, James Gordon Bennett, of the NEW TOBE HEBALD, daily grows more to resemble his father. His hair and moustache have become white, and his walk and general manner are like those of the elder Bennett. It has often been remarked that hardly any man has ever gained true literary distinction in a language not his own. But the Dutch gentle- man who calls himself "Maarten Maartens" has, at any rate managed to secure a pretty good place among contemporary writers of English fiction, or rather it should be said of fiction written in English, for the scenes and characters of his powerful story 'of " God's Fool " belong to his own country. Many readers who enjoyed that novel are probably under the impression that it is a translation from the Dutch. It was actually written in English. Apart from regular students, are there really many readers nowadays who enjoy the works of the father of English poetry ? Dan Chancer, the first warbler, whose sweet breath ' Preluded those melodious bursts that fill The spacious tims of great Elizabeth > With sounds that echo still. Those who, with a vague impression that he is altogether obsolete and well nigh unintelligible tó modern folks, are content to let him slumber on the shelves, would be surprised and mayhap delighted with him once they got over the com- paratively slight difficulties of his antiquated phrase. . A common mistake resulting from a hasty glance at the author of " The Canterbury Tales." is that his diction is harsh and uncouth, and his veree often hobbling. The reader who happens to have even a rudimentary knowledge of French pronuncia- tion, and brings it to bear, occasionally on the page of Chaucer, will be astonished to see how smoothly through such aid the old poet's numbers can be made to flow. The fact is that, in the transition stage in which our language was when Chaucer wrote, it was still largely dominated by French inflections. The Beeret of reading Chaucer then, so that he may come trippingly from the tongue, is where English pronunciation Beems to fetter the rhythm or the rhyme to at once try French. But whatever he the number of the modern admirers of " the morning star of song" as Tennyson calls him, they are evidently considered worth catering for in a hand- some way. " Almost 500 years after Chaucer ceased to write," sayii the ATHENAEUM, " we are promised the first completo edition of his works in prose and verse. Professor bkeat has devoted to it the labor of several years, and his Brat volume, containing a lifo of Chaucer, a list of his works, ' The lioniaunt of the Bose,' and the « Minor Poems,' with full introductions and notes, will appear before loiig." Thc " Oxford Chaucer" will be completed in six volumes. A new novel by Mrs. Humphrey "Ward, entitled " Marcella " was to be published early this month. The success of her last one, " David Grieve," should certainly encourage her " to try, try, try again," as the infant rhyme would put it. That lucky book is said to have reached in the several copyright editions, nearly 140,000 copies. That patriarch among American mon of letters Dr. Wendell Oliver Holmes, is said to have re- cently observed of his gifted contemporary, the author of " The Scarlet Letter " : " Hawthorne went his solitary way through lifo, like a whale through the crowds of lesser fishes in the sen. Yon might stand tn your boat and hurl your harpoon at him aa he possed-itw&s; hit or miss. If you succeodedin briuuing him to, he was genial onough company for awhile, in his abstracted Olympian wny. If you missed you would hardly have another chance for a year." ' An Englishman of some note, the late Edward Fitzgerald, once wrote for the entertainment of a child friend the story of Dickens's Little Noll." The manuscript is still in existence, and may some day see the light. " The Social Contract " of Jean Jacques Rous- seau, translated by Rose Harrington, has been published by G. P. Putnam and Sons, London. The PALL MALI. GAZETTE speaks of it as a slipshod and often misleading version of the original. In one sense the original in itsolf was misleading enough, and propounded theories as to the rela- tions of men with one another which never were and never will be true. But there is a strange analogy between many of tho ideas thrown out by Rousseau, and those which have been enunciated by the modern socialists and anar- chists. There was indeed the important difference that, unlike them, Rousseau believed in revolu- tions being made with " rose water," all uncon- scious of the real complexion which that great revolution which he did so much to bring about was to assumo. To anybody, however, who has to judge of Rousseau through the medium of a " slipshod " rendering of his incomparable style it will be difficult enough to understand what could have been the secret of that extraor- dinary influence which he exercised over so many of his contemporaries. Another of the Bisinarckian myths has been swept away. It was that with reference to a wager which the great Chancellor was said to have made in his youthful days, on the subject of " German unity," with a college chum of his, an American, the late Dr. Amory Coffin, of South Carolina. According to the story, Bismarck wrote to the doctor, reminding him of the bet after the stupendous political transformation scenes of 1870-71. Dr. Coffin's daughter has lately written an English paper to say that such state- ments are purely imaginary. By the way the lady has taken offence at somebody speaking of her family name as " lugubrious." She proudly reminds them that it is one of the oldest and best in the West of England, and that it is honorably mentioned in Kingsley's ** Westward Ho !" If ever the name could have been considered as more than usually suggestive of the lugubrious it was perhaps when it was heard of in the last century in connection with a desperate naval action in which an English ship attacked by a more powerful French ono fought till she went down. She was called the Terrible, the captain's name was Death, and that of the boatswain was Coffin._ 