SLAUGnTKniNQ REGULATIONS.-A corres- pondent writes : " The iniquity of the new slaughtering regulations has been strongly exemplified within the last few days. A family arrived at Woogoolga, fully expect- ing no difficulty in the way of purchasing meat. Judge of their disappointment, and worse, when they were informed that the person who had been in the habit of killing an occasional animal, for the supply of the neighbourhood, had suspended operations even to that limited extent, consequent upon his inability to provide the class of buildings required by the regulations. Indeed, from the amount of business hitherto done-and of which there is at present no prospect of increase-the amount of license fee demanded would scarcely be returned during the year ; while the erection of such buildings ns are required by the regulations. would cost nearly £20 additional. I do not wonder, therefore, that this person should have suspended his slaughtering operations, even though it is a positive loss to this small neighbourhood, and an injustice to travel- lers and visitors. I do not wonder at people complaining upon this subject, especially in such a place as this, where the regulations have been brought into operation so sud- denly. I had an impression that, even under these ill- conceived regulatione, the three months from lstSeptember to 30th November were allowed for lodging the license fee, together with application and preparing tho necessary buildings ; but it is stated here that the local authority insists upon the regulations being complied with at once; Hence the abrupt termination of butchering -for sale or exchange-operations at Woo goolga." . i DONE BY A TBICK,-In a very racy andi interesting address on the " Devil of the 19th century," delivered on Tuesday in Sydney, the Rev. Father de Rennetel, S.H., said: Spirits, ghosts or spooks were done by, a trick. As a proof of that, he had the testi- mony of one of the most celebrated English mediums, who died three months ago. On her death bed she said, on oath, that'every- thing she had done in connection with the seances was simply roguery and deceit. He then referred to the tricks of Dr. Slade and the Devonport Brothers. The whole, of Dr. Slade's spirit was " his big toe." One of the principal mediums who had been in Sydney used for his ghost a bit of gauze and three or four feet'of wire, which had been dipped in phosphorous. He had read in the Paris' Figaro ot a woman medium being behind a screen when she was to produce ghosts. . The curtain fell, and a man- the ghost-was1 found alongside the woman. . Where did he coiné from? Oh, don't ask him. In those days ladies wore large improvers. There was nothing but fraud, trickery and trumpery in these things. At a seance lately in Newtown one or two ministers present asked the ghost about a mine in Queensland. " There are millions of pounds in it," said the ghost. The minister invested every penny ?.hen had £4000 or £5000-and just five days afterwards the mine was declared bankrupt. He had evidence that the spirits told lies. MEDICINAL. PROPERTIES OF THE PINE- APPLE.-Mr. John M'Namara, of Broadway, Glebe, has written to the Evciiing ' News pointing out that the pine-apple possesses wonderful medicinal properties, and, , he specially praises it as a curative agent in cases of diphtheria, cancer, Bright's disease, nephritis, diabetes, and other diseases.' He claims to be the discoverer of the virtues of this delicious fruit as a curative agent.' . He says he has known several cancer patients successfully treated principally by the use of it, the only bandages used on the cancer itself being a rag soaked in the pine-apple juice and paw-paw leaves. Mothers who have sickly children between 3 and 10 years of age cannot, says Mr. M'Namara, do better than give them a dessert spoonful of pine- apple juice before breakfast. He adds that the pine-apple and paw-paw are extensively and successfully used in the Maritius in the cure of diphtheria. SUN SPOT.-Mr. H. O. Busseiii the Astron- omer, writes "There is just.now upon,'the sun's visible surface a very Arie and, exten- sive group of spots, extending, in length rather more than 130,000 miles,, arid in width from 20,000, to 40,000 miles, it is probable that as this group of spots passes off . the; sun's visible surface there will bea manifestation of aurora-within the next eight'or ten days. Perhaps it may be well to add' that the light; in the western sky, which so many ,have reported to me as an aurora, is not auroral, but zodiacal light. It has been unusually con- spicuous of late, and as the last of :the day- light fades away, the zodiacal light may be seen on a moonless night over a point where the sun sets, and stretching up' SOdeg. or 40 deg., and leaning over to the north. It is conical in shape, and is easily overlooked. "It may be seen for about an hour arid seems to follow the sun." . ,, , ' ', . ' NEW AUSTRALIA.-Statements . have been published recently both in London and the colonial papers that trouble was' caused ab the New Australia settlement in Paraguay through some of the younger Australian men contracting alliances with the native women. It was stated that Australian women greatly resented this procedure, and .refused to associate with these women, and that in all probability the settlement would be entirely broken up over this difficulty. Mr. Gilbert Casey writes giving a most emphatic denial to these reports, and states that nothing has occurred at the settlement to warrant their publication. UnTTT.irn T.TnnT_Thn Hnrmnn nnlrliot. lino .BOTTLED J-IIOHT.-ine uerman somier ñas long been provided for compaigning purposes with condensed sausage, and now it is pro I posed to add to his already very complicated equipment half a pound of bottled sunshine. In other words, there are some who want to furnish him with a pocket accumulator of electric light for miscellaneous use in tho dark-a3 at trench-digging and pontoon throwing, as well as for signalling. The spectacle of a battalion working away with the spade by the light of an electric spark stuck in their helmets would indeed be both novel and picturesque. But if this invention can be utilised for military purposes, why not for mining ones as well ? asks an English paper. The Australian "thawed" beef recently successfully offered at London Markets, has realised from 4d to 4Jd per lb. Nelson Brothers foel very sanguine at the result and are erecting extensive thawing rooms in London to treat meat on a large scale. There is on view at the Bank of Austra- lasia, Sydney, a cake of retorted gold weigh- ing 1310oz., which was obtained by tri butors at the New Bushman's Hill goldmine, Parkes, from 441 tons quartz. Tho claim is almost, if not quite, within tho township boundaries. Comfort for tho cyclist-only 1300 more laps to go. Fortunately this is not always called out at the first round. . . J...: .'I ;.i 