THE CHUECHES. The Second Mrs. Tanqueray* WHAT AND WHY ? < . - ? ' . _ i \- I BY T. W. M. LUND, M.A., CHAPLAIN OF THE ] CHAPEL OF THE BLESSED VIBGIN MABY, LIVEB- I FOOL. ENGLAND. I ; " Son of Man, I have set thee a watchman unto the house ] of Israel; therefore, hear the word at my mouth, and give 1 I them warning from mo."-EEEE. xxxiii., 7. ^ (CONCLUDED FEOM LABT WEEK.) FL The tiger hangs on the trail of the caravan to snap up the weakest laggard for his meal. And often men are like the tiger, lying in wait for the weak and most defenceless. Driven by passion and selfishness they have no pity for the lives they ruin or tho characters they destroy. Woman is the game-man the wild beast. The most awful sentence in tho piece wo are consider- ing is this : He has only led a man's life. What- ever else a man's life ought to be, it ought to be conspicuous for its chivalry towards the weak, its profound respect towards the sex whioh gives wives and mothers to our race. But, to our eternal disgrace, a man's life has come to moan {'nat the opposite; a life which has laid aside all he reverence and chivalry which make it manly. It is a term synonymous with the deepest selfish- ness, gratification of bia own worst passions at any price, disbelief in all that is noble in woman, disregard of her best interests. A man's life has come to mean woman's death and damnation. Have we no soul above such vises P Have we no ambition to help women to lead good and beauti- ful lives, instead of dragging them down to our own worst level P Indeed our responsibility is great. A woman's consent to be wronged is held by many to be ample justification for wrong. But it is a pitiable code of honor for manly men. Our chivalry should throw a shield around a woman's weakness, and the weaker she is the stronger should we become. < Two years ago in Liverpool an agitation was direoted against a "protected area" of vice, which, resulted in the dispersal of its inhabitants, bo ply, I fear, their infamous trade elsewhere. And ever since Te Deum has been sung over the house of devils purified and the ghost of vice laid. But there could be no greater mistake. The house is not cleansed nor the ghost laid. The real root of the evil is not touched. "Watch com- mittees and police, however zealous and worthy of our gratitude, cannot cleanse the Augean stable. The cure is in the hands of men ; they alone can solve the problem. As long as they have neither self-respect, nor self-control, nor reverence for woman as woman, so long will there be foolish women to fall, women who are wreckage-the jetsam and flotsam of the social sea. For centuries the selfish, animal man has been trying to excuse the man's lifo of vice and cruelty and irresponsibility, by the old question, Am I my sister's keeper ? They have tried to stave off the true answer and brave out their crime by audacity. No, they say, sha is her own keeper. She can take care of herself. It ia no concern of burs to shield her. She won't Bin if she doeB not wish, and if Bhe does, that is her business. And all this, in face of the fact that we have been- the law-makers, and the masters of the world, and have kept women ignorant, weak, and dependant, all the while ; and then we have the impudence to pretend that she is master of her- self, and must accept the entire responsibility of our tyrannical vice- cowards that we are 1 But the question becomes now insistent, and must be answered. The world's inter-dependence pro- claims that we are her keeper, and as long as we decline our responsibility, we retard the progress of the world. And yet, thank God, there are thousands of men, who are leading and have always led, a man's life, in the noblest sense of such a term. It is the fashion, I know, to scoff at the possibility of pure men, men utterly re- verent towards women, men who have an ideal for themselves and her, and live to it with virgin souls. So impossible does it seem to most people, that the loveliest inti- macies -of men with women have in all time been misjudged, and lower aims than their own high and beautiful ones have been ascribed to them, perhaps on the principle that ; They . .. . that most impute a crime, Are pronest to it and impute themselves, Wanting the mental range. But none the less, there are men in whom women find an unfailing chivalry to champion them in their weakest moments, to which they may nestle and feel sure of shelter in their dangers, and encouragement in their inspirations, a chivalry which has been purged from every element of the baser self, and is as tender and as loyal as the very Christ's, when he spent the holiest hours of his life in lonely converse ini the home at Bethany. My brother men, let us who stand for self-con- trol and righteousness, oheer our hearts with the belief that we are not fighting the battle of loyalty to woman single-handed. There are thousands who have bowed no knee to Astarte, whose hands are clean from the dis- grace of womanhood, and whose hearts are whole in their worship of an unsullied honor. A man's life is to us a synonym, not for vice, nor brutal indulgence, nor disregard of the suffer- ing our passions may inflict on others, nor for snakelike cunning, nor for tigerish stealth, hut for honor, service, usefulness and love. A man's life is to us a life like that which was Arthur's ideal for the knighthood of his realm of England: A glorious company, the flower of men, ... To Herve as model for the mighty world, And be the fair beginning of a time. I made them lay their hands in mine and swear To reverence the king, as if he were Their conscience, and their conscience as their king, To break the heathen and uphold the Christ, . To ride abroad redressing human wrongs. To speak no slander, no, nor listen to it, To lead sweot lives in purest chastity, To love one maiden only, cleave to her. And worship her by years of noble deeds TTntil they won her ; for indeed I know Of no more subtle master under heaven * Than is the maiden passion for a mud Kot only to keep down thu hase in man, But teach high thought , and amiable words And courtliness, and the desire af fame, And love of truth, and all that makes a man. If but something of this were the manly ideal of the manhood of England, what a change might . be wrought for tho womanhood of the wholq human race, since there is no part of the world üj which Englishmen aro not. It is our boast that we are first in the commerce of the world, the British flag flying five to one in every port j buç how much greater a glory, if beneath that flag were always men as chivalrous to women as they are bold in enterprise. 8\. Last of all, society is responsible. Society is no vague term. You and I ax£ society. Wo are its units, and we are respon* sible. I reply, when as fathers and mothers -we deny to our children the knowledge which alone caa arm them for the dangers and difficulties of life> Would you send your child into the jungleV and not warn her of snake or tiger ? Why more should you send a child into thq world for tho unequal encounter of ignorant innocence with vicious ingenuity. Again, society ÍB responsible when we are sa unjust in our meting out of punishment. The erring woman is outcast. Tho erring man, - especially if an eligible husband for our pure, daughters, is forgiven and received. Bo fair to both. Punish both equally, or find ways of forgiveness for both. In an able and valuable foreign critique in th$j _ DAILY POST, the extraordinary statement appears} that Mrs. Tanqueray wrecked the life of an inno- cent young couple. This innocent couple aro Ellean and Captain Ardalo- Ardale, the man whfl| ' had lived a man's life, and been a former para- mour of Mrs. Tanqueray ! This is just tho sort of damnable injustice that I mean. Mrs. Tanqiieray ÍB an outcast. Captairi Ardale is innocent. The woman who errs ia guilty ; the man is excused. Let both go into the wilderness together, or let both ero scot free. I suppose -woman haB been held as chattel of man so long, that that is why he may sin ana lose no caste, while the woman who sins is lerç without a refuge but herself and God. But it is monstrously unjust, hideously mean. Thé blame is equal. But then, you know, we would any day rather treat effusively a man of title, steeped up to thg eyes in vice, than behave decently to an honest tradesman. Manners even count before morals. Many of: us would rather welcome equivocal morality ig, our drawing-rooms than an unconventional ex- terior rough manners, or an eccentric demeanor« Society is responsible in the tone and example of its married men and women. The younger generation is apt to catch its manners, especially in what is undesirable, from those who are older* and to whom they have been assiduously taught to look for model. What they see in us they naturally think pardonable, if not admirable, itt themselves, especially if it chime with their moocj and fancy. It will not be denied that there aro wedded men and wedded women abroad in society who in their whole style of conduct tend to poisoii the young and weaken the defences of virtue. A mephitic atmosphere prevails where they come, and it is the more fatal because it is created under a show of genuine respectability. Young peoplá adopt their rôle through the fascination of lift freedom, and because of the success which rfc seems to achieve; and then they find, perhaps too late, that they have not been clever enougni to play with pitch and not be fouled by it. Let fathers and mothers, and all of us wh¿ hold the responsible position of superior age, remember what we owe to the young, and how their life hinges upon our character. Whatever in us lowers their estimate} of life, whatever poisons their motives, whatever weakens their sense of honor, whatever loweràf their appeciation of humanity, whatever serveàf to make them bolder, to blunt their sensitive- ness, to brutalise their nature, to unsex them iit however small a degree, that is to start them orij the road to ruin, and the blame lies for ever at our door. We may be guilty of the moral death of those to whom we have never spoken, and, whom we have never seen. Moral influence filteret rapidly through our social strata. Society is responsible, "when we pretend to b^j Christian, and ignoro the very alphabet of ouif creed j when our heart turns to stone, and in tha very name of religion we sentence to death thos0 who are, perhaps, no more guilty than we are. For, believe me, there are crimes in society, oj meanness, and dirtiness, and cruelty, more erimia nal than the worst phases in such a ghost of a woman as " Mrs. Tanqueray." Like those cruel bigots of old, hard and merci- less, we drag some errant soul into the Hght, an/î, take credit for piety in the punishment wa inflict, crying, See, dear Christ, we caught this one in the acfe" We have stoned her. Our tongues are red witjji her blood. She is socially dead. She can neves come back to trouble us. It was a duty owing ta ourselves, our daughters, our husbands, ana our sons. And we shout so fiercely that Christ's voice Ja, drowned as he says to us, Let him that is with*! out sin cast the first stone at her ¡ and to her, Go and sin no more. We can say it, too. The patient love tha| bears, believes, and hopes, can do much j a sense of friendship, a feeling of someone who trusty us, a hand to touch us, a heart to feel with usj not all scorn, coldness, nausea, isolation. I This is the saving Spirit of our world. How many in life a little mercy would save! Tha mercy we ask we refuse to give, you and I. ll there any practical way of setting about it ? Lei me help you to a beginning. From your place irk a theatre you look across to the scene enacted, and there is a glamor over it all. The tragedy oí; the pathos touches you. Your tears flow, and yon; long to help to set the wrong right, to be mora merciful, more generous. But it is all seen at é> distance. It iaa long way from your own life. Yori do not realise how difficult your aspirations woulcl be in reality. And all the while, close to yon, touching your daily life, going in and out with you are many good people, useful people, struggling people, yet with defects of temper, or habits oi mind, that make them distasteful, or wanting in the affinity which would make you sympathetic, arid you never say a word or do a deed to gladden ' or encourage thom. You weep over a character ol Action, sinful and depraved ; and you are as cold aa a stone to living souls about you who are honest and true. ; Don't they deserve your help as much aa "Mrs. Tanqueray?" Might you not be making a good start by helping them ? Is it not wasted emotion to.weep over those you cannot reach when those you can are hard by and neglected? So, my counsel to you, as individual members of society, would be this : Be kind always to all. Give your sympathy to all. Strengthen all you can for the rough battle of life. Be merciful to all as you need mercy. Despise none, for in that scorn you may include yourself. When you think of the sins of others, from which you are free, ask if you cannot match them by other flaws in yourself no less grave in the sight of God, and so your heart will grow large enough, and tender enough, and wise enough toehold all, and help all, and save all. And intime you will become watchmen to the House of Israel, to give warning to those in peril, and succor to those in the Valley of the Shadow of moral death. You will then never have to cry with Ellean : If only I had been more . merciful. Rather you will ask and answer with Matthew Arnold j -Was .Christ a man like us ? Ah, let us try ., j Ii we then, too, can be such men as He.; 