SPORTING. The acceptances and general entries for the Onkaparinga Easter Monday meeting were due with Mr. Yon Doussa on Monday. In the Hurdles 13 candidates are left in, and in the Steeplechase there are 16 left to battle for the big stake that is offered. The presence of Ebor and Beau Brummel has no doubt had something to do with ourtailing the fields in the jumping events, but with the glorious un certainties of the turf the favorites may go down or run off, and then both races will look very open affairs. In the Onkaparinga Cup there are 10 runnere left in, and in the Railway Stakes a dozen candidates. The Trial Stakes, Amateur Steeple, and Dis posal Stakes have filled satisfactorily, and there are quite enough horses left on the card to afford a very interesting afternoon's racing to those who patronise the great picnic meeting of the year. Promptly to time Mr. Hy. Hughe3 issued the weights for the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup on Monday. As was expected Titan heads the list in the Goodwood with the steadier of 10 st. S lb., and even with this impost, should the phenomenal gelding make his appearance here, his ohanoes will be re garded as second to none over the six fur longs at Morphettville. His measure may be gauged from the fact that he is conceding 4 st. and 1 lb. to John Bull at the bottom of the list, who won the Trial Stakes on the Old Course on Saturday. We shall take another opportunity of analysing the weights of this race as well as the Adelaide Cnp, where The Admiral has been placed in the post of honor with 9 st. S lb. Last year's winner, Vakeel, looks well in at 8 at, 12 lb., and Mr. W. R. Wilson's representatives and other Melbourne horses appear to have a fair show along with the best ot the local division. The weights were merely glanced over by turfites on Monday, as there are no books open, nor is anything likely to be done on this meeting until the Onkaparinga meeting is a thing of the past. Ebor, Selim, Orpheus, and Beau Brummel are amongst the new arrivals, also I.X.L. and Chasm. The brothers Anwin have arrived in Adelaide to fulfil riding engagements at the coming meetings. A meeting of the committee of the S. A J.C. took place on Monday afternoon. The dis qualifications of W. Coonan, C. P. Kain, and A. J. Crouch, as jockeys, were removed. Nine other applications wre heard and refused. The application of Mr. W. Mallen for the removal of the disqualification of Ensign was received and leave given to apply again in six months' time. Applications on behalf of Nipper and Lightfoot were refused. The sub ject of a blind totalizator was discussed, but was adjourned to a future meeting. The secretary of the Adelaide Polo Club has made an application to- the committee of the S. A. J.C. to obtain the use of the Morphett ville Course for their annual race and sports meeting in the month of April, a week before the S. A. J.C. Autumn meeting. In considera tion, however, of the openings that have to be made in the fenoing and the cutting up of the racing track just prior to the holding of the principal meeting of the year, the S.A. J.C. committee in Btudying their own interests first have had to deoline the offer of the Polo Club, leaving them to arrange for a later date, as the S.A J.C. races are concluded on Satur day, May 5, after which the course would be available to the poloists. "Reginald" is of the opinion that there was a champion unearthed at Gundagai recently in the shape of an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Bluegown from a Snowden mare. On the first day of the meet ing he went to the front at the fall of the flag in the Stewards' Handioap, on3 mile, and never giving his opponents the ghost of a chanoe, winning by any number of lengths in the capital time of 1 min. 43i sec. Then, on the second day, in the Town Plate, one and a quarter miles, he pursued the same tactics as on the first day, with the result that he beat both Gerald dine and Babette like hacks, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended in any part of it, in 2 min. 10i sec. Led Astray is a tremendous length gelding, and altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of years, and only recently started in and won a haok race at Jugiong. He was, I believe, on offer not long since for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him even at that small sum. His legs are as sound as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be sick or sorry a day. Our Narracoorte correspondent writes:— Good nominations have been received for' the prinoipal events on the programme for the Autumn meeting of the Narracoorte Racing Club, which takes place on the 29th inst. Fiffy-fiye horses have been nominated for the chief events, so that some interesting racing is anticipated. The new grand stand which has been recently completed will be used for the first time. Coursing men will regret to hear that Mr. A. Robertson's celebrated greyhound Rho- danthe died on the 28th of February at Struan. The daughter of Rebellion and Westeria was bred by the Hon. W. B. Rounsevell, and won two V.C.C. Waterloo Cups when owned by Mr. Wagner, and also a number of other important events. Rhodanthe was 14 years old when she died, and during her brilliant coursing career she probably won more money in stakes than any dog in Australia. . 