SNOWBALL. [ [Bt the Autiio.i of ' Paulina Lisle.'] PART II. CHAPTER XII.— (Continued). 'It doesn't matter/' Snowball answers. 'Never mind me.' Bat her voice sounds weary, 'and she leans spiritlessly enough against the rough bole of a big tamarack. 'Suppose you lie down and take a nap,' sug gests Johnny it will rest you, and it's of no use sitting up. We're in for it to-night, anyhow — better luck to-morrow. I'll fix you a bed before it geua any uaiittti;* But there is nothing much to ' fix' as he finds. There is the only dry, rough furze, and long marsh grass and hard penitential branches of ? spruce and cedar. With these he does the best he can ; he piles up the furze, strews it with the long tough grass, twists the spruce branches into a sort of arbor, and the best he can do is done. ' There you are,' he says, ' there's a bed and board for you. Rosamond's Bower — Boffin's Bower — not to be named in the same day. Turn in, and don't open your peepers till to-morrow morning. Let us hope it will be your last, as well as your first night, camping out. I'll go and shake up Renp, before he is transmogrified into the rock against which he has leaned so long. Good-night, young'un !' ' Good- night, Johnny,' responds Snowball, falter ingly. i She is afraid, but she would rather die than say so. Afraid of snakes, of bears, of ghosts, of the wind in the tree-tops, the sound of the sea, the awful silence, and loneliness, and majesty of night. She creeps into her bower, but sits peering out such a nale, anxious, nrefctv little fnnp. in Mir dim starlight. She can see tho boys standing together, and still ever gazing over the bay. ' Will Rene ever stir?' she thinks. ' He looks as if he could stand there forever. And how cross he did look. I — wish — I hadn't made Rene mad !' The admission comes reluctantly — even in her own mind ; but, having made it, she is disposed to descend to still greater depths of the valley of humiliation. 'It is all my fault— Rene is right— it is always my fault ! I must be horrid. I wonder everybody doesn't hate me as well as him. May be they do, only they don't like to show it. Yes, I always do want my own way, and make a time, if I don't get it. I give Johnny no peace of his life. Ifightwith Rene from morning till night. And I don't belong to anybody — I suppose I am too hateful even for that ! I wonder why I ever was born— I wonder if I will always ba horrid as long as I live, I wonder,' draggingly, ' if— Rene— would forgive me, if— I begged his pardon, and promised never to do it any more ?' The ' ib' is rather vague, but in Snowball's peni tent mind, it stands for all the enormities of her life, too many to be particularized, so she ' lumps' them. The brothers meantime stand, with that seaward gaze, which takes in the black blue world of waters. The night wind sighs around them, the surf laps, with a hoarse, ceaseless moan and wash, over the Bunken reefs far below. Rene is very pale in the light of the stars. ' Yon look used up already, old chap,' Johnny says ; ' take a snooze, why don't you, and forget it. It's no use fretting. Sorrow may abide for a night, but joy cometh with the morning ! Something like that was Pere Louis' text last Sunday. It fits in now, I think— make a meditation on it, old man, and cheer up !' ' If we get off before our father comes home, I shall not care,', returns Rene, moodily ; ' ifc is that that worries me, Johnny !' ' Oh, we will— never Fear. We are sure to geb off to-morrow— something tells me so. Don't cross your bridges before you come to them. Turn in like a good fellow, and let us try to forget ifc. I'm as sleepy as the deuce.' A great yawn indorses the statement. Rene glances behind him. ' What have you done with Snowball ?' ' Rigged her up as well as I was able. Twisted some boughs to protect her from the wind, and gathered moss and grass for a bed. It's the best I could do.' ' Has she had anything to eat ?' 'Wouldn't eat anything when you wouldn't,' says Johnny, maliciously ; 'nearly cried her eyes out into the bargain. Feels pretty badly, let me tell you, about the way you take it. Now don't say again 'serve her right !' It doesn't.' ' I am not going to say it. She' must not be foolish however ; if she wants to be friends with me, she must: eat what there is left to-morrow morning. We boys are responsible for her. We j must take care of her to — to the last.' ' That means until we are taken off. Of course, ?we will,' says hopeful Johnny. 'Now let us turn in and go to Bleep.' ' Turn in — where ?' '^Oh, anywhere. You pays your money, and you takes your choice. All the beds in the Hotel de la Belle Etoile are at our service. Here is mine. A demain j good- night.' ' Good night,' responds Rene, and looks at his brother almost in envy. Johnny has thrown himself down just where he stood, and in less than a minute seems to be Bound asleep. But it is a long time before Rene follows ; he sits there beBide his big rock, his face still faith fully turned seaward, his head resting against its mossy side, his eyes closed. The night is far advanced ; it is long past mid night,, indeed, and he is half asleep, half awake, when a light chill touch falls on his hand, and awakens him with a nervous start. A slim figure, with loosely flowing hair, pale, pleading face and painenc eyes, scanus oy um siue. ' Bene !' — a pause — ' Rene !' tremulously. ' Dear Bene ! forgive me.' 'Snowball! You! I thought you were asleep hours ago.' ' I could not sleep, Bene ! I am sorry !'— a sup pressed sob. ' I know I'm horrid. I don't wonder you hate me. It docs serve me right.- Nothing is too bad to happen to me ! lib's all my fault. I — I — I'm awfully sorry, Rene !' ' Snowball- — ' ' I want you to forgive me,' in a sobbing whisper. ' Oh, Bene, don't be mad ! I— I— can't help being hateful, but I'll try. ,.01), I mean to try ever so hard after this. I'll never contradict you again; I'll do everything you say. Only I can't bear you to be angry with me ' (great sobbing here, sternly repressed for slumbering Johnny's .sake). 'Oh, Bene, forgive me !' 'Snowball, you dear little soul !' And, all in a moment, obdurate Rene melts, and puts his arms around her, and gives her a hearty, j forgiving, fraternal smack — the first kiss he had | evor favoured her with in his life. PorhapB the .hour, the scene, tlio loneliness, have, something to ] do with it. It opens the full floodgates of Snow ball's tears ; she puts her arms around his neck, and cries on his shoulder until that portion of his raiment is quite damp through. Conducts herself generally, in short, for the space of five minuteB, like a juvenile Niobe. Then she recovers. Rene has had enough of it, and rather lifts his lovely burden off his neck. ' There, now, Snowball, don't cry any more ; it's all right ; I'm not angry. I don't know that it was your fault much after all. Go back, and try to sleep. You'll be fit for nothing to-morrow, iE you spend the night crying like this.' And thus, in the ' dead waste and middle of the night,' peace is proclaimed, and next morning, to his great amazement, Johnny finds the twain he has left mortal foes tho night befora, excellent friends in the morning. He is puzzled, but thank ful, and accepts the fact without too many ques tions. Only Snowball nearly has a relapse when she find3 that the boys will not touch the hoarded remains of the basket, and propose to sustain exist ence on berries. 'Then the things may go uneaten?' she is becinnimr. vehementlv. ' I shan't touch them !' Rene looks at her. ' Is this your promise of last night ?' the severe young eyes demand. And mademoiselle's head droops, and her hand goes into the basket, and she swallows a lump in her throat, and — the last of the sandwiches. The morning is fine — promises to equal yesterday in sunshine and warmth, and keeps its promise. But it is a long day — a long, long, weary day. They lie about listlessly, p'ck berries, talk in a perfunctory fashion ; even Snowball's fine flow of tittle-tattle flags. Rene reads; Johnny tries to rig a fishing-line and catch something but fails. He reclines at Snowball's feet mostly, and lets ? her tell him stories— sea stories, if she knows any. All her life she has been an omnivorous reader, devouring everything that has come in her way. Her repertoire, therefore, is con siderable. She sings to him, too. Johnny always likes to hear her sing. She feels ifc a point of honour to keep his boy spirits up. It is all her fault, but they are here ; that fact keeps well uppermost in her mind, and she doe3 her poor little best. It is easy enough with Johnny, who is cherry and sanguine by nature, but Rene looks so pale, so troubled, sits so silent, so grave, it is depressing only to look at him. The long day wears on. Afternoon comes, and evening, and night, and still no boat, no rescue. Still nothing but the hollow monotonous moan of the sea, the whistling of the wind, the whispering of the branches, the white flash of the sea-gull's wing, the circling swoop of a fish-hawk — and far off, far, far off, white sails that never draw near. The stars shine out, a little, slim new moon cuts sharply and cleanly the blue waste of sky, and a second night finds these castaway mariners high and dry on top of Ohapeau Dieu. (To be continued.) 