THE CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. By Act of Parliament Tueday and Wednes- day (Christmas Day and Boxing Day) are public holidays throughout the colony. It has been decided that Monday next shall be a Government holiday, so that the public offices will be closed from Saturday afternoon till the following Thursday morning, thus giving the civil servants four and a-half clear days. MEETING OF CREDITORS. A meeting of creditors in the Queensland estate of Evan Prosser, of Darling Point, Sydney, trading at Brisbane as Prosser, Taylor, and Co., wholesale druggists, was held in the office of Mr. W.* T. Atthow, solicitor, Queen- street, yesterday afternoon. Mr. M'Nab (Messrs. Chambers, Bruco, and M'Nab) was voted to the chair. The statement of affairs, for Queensland was read as follows:-Un- secured oreditors, £4155 10s. 5d.; oreditors fully seoured, £820 ; creditors partly secured, £53,419 8s. 3d.; estimated value of securities, £13,020 3s. 8d., leaving a deficiency of £10,203 4s. 7d.; liabilities on bills discounted, £1000; total liabilities, £45,449 Is. Assets: Stock-in-trade at Brisbane, £27,027 14s. 7d.; book debts, estimated to jjjoduce £13,000; bills of exchange or other similar securities,' £87 16s. 7d.; furniture, fixings, and fittings, £1000; property, £1020 ; total, £42,735 10s. 9d. The apparent deficioncy of OBSots over liabilities therefore amounted to £2713 10s. 3d. The debtor attributed his insolvency to the followiog causes :-"The carriage by my busi- ness of the liabilities of the late 'firm of Berkeley, Taylor, and Co., incurred through the endorsement by my firm without my knowledge of the bills of that firm, and pressure by a creditor." Mr. G. S. Murphy, receiver, in his report, stated that he bad carried on tho business without interruption since taking possession of the estate on the 20th November. He estimated the value of the stock at the present time to be £27,627. At a later stage of tho proceedings Mr. Murphy said he had been informed Mr. Edward Taylor denied that the endorsement of the bills of Berkeley, Taylor, and Co. was made without the consent of the debtor, the arrangement being that the latter purchased all the assets and liabilities of that firm. It was decided to liquidate the estate by arrangement, and not in insolvenoy. Mr. G. S. Murphy was appointed trustee at a remuneration of 1 per cent on all assets sold en aloha, and 5 per oent on assets sold in any other way. Messrs. W. V. Ralston, bank manager, and J. Stodart, merohant, were appointed a committee of inspection. The trustee was authorised, with tho consent of the committee of inspection, to sell any portion of the assets cn globo without calling for tenders, and also to Boll to the wife of the debtor the debtor's furniture and effeots at Darling Point. IMPROVEMENTS AT ROMA-STREET , STATION. The Railway Commissioners have invited tenders for the erection of a new railway bridge over Countess-street. The proposod new structure is necessary in connection with the improvements to he carried out at the Roma street station. These improvements are por- tion of a scheme, the completion of which is not likely to bo effected for at least several years to como. At the presont time it is con- templated to expend about £0000 (the money having been voted two or three yoars ago) to doubling the siding accommodation at Roma street-that is, constructing two additional sidings, making four in all. The erection of another bridge to carry the rails beyond Countess-street is therefore imperative. For some time past workmen have been engaged levelling down the reserve next the market and conveying the earth from there to the yard immediately beyond the railway gates, in order that a roadway might be made on winch to lay down the rails of the new sidings. The construction of the bridge and the extra sidings aro the portions of the work which can be completed with the money at present available. The additional siding accommodation will greatly faoilitato the receipt and despatch of goods at the Roma street Station, especially in view of the re- opening of the Indooroopilly Bridge. The new works have necessitated a slight alteration in the arrangement of the coal-shoots in Roma-street. The complete scheme which the commissioners have in viow will include the utilisation of the Roma-street railway reserve to the street frontage ; the erection almost in a line with the thoroughfare of a brick retaining-wall, with archways, which can be rented to produce and other firms who are in the habit of receiving goods at the Roma street Station ; and the building of a new goods shed to be used solely for the inward traffic. In the event of that scheme being oarried out, the coal- shoots will be removed to near the Countess-street bridge. The commissioners will doubtless recommend that the railway accommodation at the market reservo would be much extended nnd improved by the con- struction of sidings in close proximity to the market, where produce could be disposed of by the truckload if necessary. NORTHERN MAILS. The time for closing Northern mails per Konoowarra, ?., is extended from 10.45 a.m. till 7.45 p.m. to-day (Tuesday). JUNIOR CRICKET ASSOCIATION. A special delegate meeting of the above association was held last evening, being called chiefly to deal with matters in connection with the forthcoming visit of the Maryborough Juniors. Mr. W. Welsby occupied the chair, and took advantage of his position to urge upon those present the necessity of working with a will in order to insure an enjoyable holiday to the visitors. The latest correspon- dence received from Maryborough was read, and showed that much enthusiasm had been aroused in that town, and that the association there approved heartily of the arrange- ments being made by their Brisbane rivals. A letter was also read from Mr. P. C. Poulsen, offering for competition in the inter-city matches a large splendidly framed and mounted photographic group of the English cricketers, taken on the day of their departure from Bris- bane. It was resolved that the trophy be awarded to the team winning both association matches, but in the event of this not resulting, that the trophy go to the team who secure the highest number of runs in one innings. Thanks were accorded to Mr. Poulsen, and also to Mr. A. F. Luya, who forwarded a substantial cheque to the funds of the association. The report presented by the Special Committee showed that the Exhibition wicket had been secured for Christmas and Boxing Days, and it was hoped that it would also be obtained for Saturday, 29th December. Particulars were given as to the various outings proposed, and other details. After much discussion the report was adopted, and the meeting terminated. The meeting, notwithstanding the unpropitious weather, was largely attended. IPSWICH MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Ipswich Municipal Council, held yesterday afternoon, it was agreed to call for tenders for the supply of stores and drain pipes to the corporation for the year 1895. It was decided to allow the present contractor-Mr. George Ware-to continuo to supply coal to the water- works for a furthor period of three months pending the completion of the work of removing the pumping station, when fresh tenders will bs invited. Owing to the probability'of Monday, the 31st instant, being observed, as a public holiday, it was determined that the next meet- ing should be held on Wednesday, the 2nd Jauuary. BRISBANE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. The Brisbane Municipal Council met yester- day. Accounts amounting to £8568 were passed for payment, inoluded in the amount being a voucher for £7000 paid to the Colonial Treasurer on account of loans. A complaint of the destruction of the lawn tennis courts in the Albert Park by larrikins was referred to a special meeting. It was stated that over £100,000 of debentures had been disposed of, leaving less than £50,000 still to be cleared. It was expected that before the end of the year this would be done. Tho offer of land at the corner of Ann and Boundary streets, for £5500 was considered, and rejected, Messrs. Watson, Hipwood, and M'Master voting for the purchase. Bequests from E. Y. Lowry, to be allowed to use some portion of the by-streets for propagating tho doctrine of discontent against social injustice, and to be allowed to erect a fruit stall in Queen-street, near the Treasury Buildings, were refused. DROWNED IN NORMAN CREEK. A boy named Charles Uriah Stewart, residing in Montague-street, Knowsley Estate, Stone's Corner, wont out on Sunday afternoon with his brother, aged l8, and a girl named Annie Lewis, to get waterlilies in Norman Creek. Charles Stewart proposed a bathe, and, despite tbe warning of his brother, went into the water. Climbing along a log in the creek he fell into deep water, and being unable to swim was drowned before assistance arrived. Several young men dived for the body, and when it had been in the water for about ten minutes it was brought to the surface by Franks Clair. All efforts to restore animation proved unavailing. TRINITY COLLEGE EXAMINATIONS IN MUSIC. It has already been announced that examina- tions for Trinity College, London, certificates in theory of music will be held in June, 1895, under tho auspices of the Technical College, tho examining contle for Brisbano. We have received further announcement that the Trinity College authorities have yielded to repiesenta tions from the colony, and intend to hold local examinations in instrumental music a3 well as in theory. This will no doubt afford an opportunity to many colonial musicians to acquire the distinction of a Trinity College diploma. The commissioner appointed as examiner is Mr. MylesBiiket Foster, L.T.C.L., and ho will visit the colonies in September, Ootobor, and November of next year. The final date for application for this instrumental examination will bo the 1st May, 1895, and it is to bo hoped that sufhoisnt names will bo roooived in Brisbane and neighbouring towns to warrant the Technical College inviting the commissioner to extend his visit to Queens- land. HER MAJESTY'S OPERA HOUSE. The Norman-Lewis Dramatic Company pro- duced the popular drama, " Storm and Sun- shine," at the Opera House last evening, considering the bad weather the attendance was very fair. The drama was well staged with a careful attention to detail, and tho members of the company all proved equal to the parts allotted to thom. Miss Blanche Lewis carried the audience with her in her acting in the different events which constitute the storm and sunshine of the life of the heroine, Dorothy Derwont. Mi3S Alice May, in tho gayer part of Polly Sparkes, was particu- larly happy. The two leading male charac- ters woro taken by Mr. Cyril Keightley and Mr, Albert Norman. The former won the hearts of the audience by his portrayal of the manly -part of Jack Dosmond, while the character of Matthew Robson was taken with equal suooes3 by Mr. Norman. The drama has many touches of comedy mingling with the sadder scenes. The mounting of the play was highly realistic, end the railway accident in the third act was quite sensational. This evening is the last night of the season, and a complimentary benefit to Mr. Albert Norman is announced. Should the weather prove at all favourable, no doubt a large attendance will testify to the appreciation in which Mr. Norman is held by theatre-going folk. THE CHRISTMAS QUEENSLANDER. The Christmas number of the Queenslander, advance proofs of which have just been struck off, well maintains the standard of the last few years. The illustrations are well printed on fine glazed paper, and the stories are nearly all by well-known and favourite Australian writers. The pride of place is given to a stirring story of the South Seas, by Louis Becke, who has sprung into fame since his connection with Rolf Boldrewood's latest work, "A Modern Buccaneer," became known. Mr. Becke has chosen for his title "The Beachcombers of Kuria," and the tale contains as much whole- some sensation as could be wished for. Mr. John Arthur Barry, who has hitherto written for the Queenslander under the nom de plume of " L. L.," relates a mystery of the sea under the title of "A Mid-sea Meeting," which is quite as good as anything he has written. Other old favourites are "Carew," who contributes a Victorian village settlement story, "In the Heart of the Swamp Grass," and Mr. G. Spencer Briggs, who furnishes a remarkably well-written sketch of shepherd life. Other stories are — "The Return of Hoté," by "I. W.;" "The Captain of the Albatross," by "Will Weatherhelm;" "Mrs. Pen," by "Australienne;" "Peace and Goodwill," by "Hugh Halero;" "My Wife's Ghost," by James Simson; "The Western Women's Whim," by E. A. Daly; and "Where the Dead Men Lie," by Francis Kenna. A descriptive poem by "W. M.," illustrated by the artist, forms an effective page; while the comic element in the supple- ment is supplied by Mr. G. Essex Evans in "A Bear Idea," a poem based on a native bear and a spiritualist séance. Mr. Evans's verses are also illustrated. The pictorial section is composed wholly of local subjects. "An Introduction" represents a little girl presenting her doll to an astonished-looking Danish boar- hound. "Haunted " shows an assigned convict seated on a log meditating on his sins, and his thoughts are apparently as black as his surroundings. "So Near and Yet So Far," contains a world of pathos — comic pathos. A calf tied to a stump is trying in vain to reach its mother, who stands with the utmost uncon- corn just too far off. Another picture which shows evidence of great skill with the pen is entitled "Envy." The drawing explains itself; the expressions on the faces of the two dogs which are gazing jealously at the cat on their mistress's lap are indescribable. A homely picture of a stalwart bushman, bare-legged, seated in his hut mending his one pair of trousers is one of the best, and will appeal especially to those who have been in just such a predicament. Besides the special stories the body of the paper contains an unusually large instalment of the running serial novel, "The Exile's Daughter," by Joseph Hatton, and a number of entertaining sketches. The Christmas number of the Queenslander will be issued to-morrow afternoon. " THE DOCTRINE OF DISCONTENT." A pair of rather amusing letters occupied some time in the Brisbane Municipal Council yesterday afternoon. They were signed " E Y. Lowry," and had been sent in by Alderman Clark, who, however, declined to father the epistles. After some preliminary discussion the letters were read by the town clerk. The first one, dated 13th November, stated--"I hereby apply for permission to use some portions of the by-streets for the purpose of propagating the doctrine of discontent against social injustice and preaching the religion of humanity. As the Salvation Army and other Church bodies are allowed to use the public streets for purposes of propagating their views I respectfully solicit the same privilege. On Sunday last the police accused me of causing an obstruction in the streets, and requested me to shift. As a citizen and a ratepayer and an ardent admirer of law and order I ask your council to extend to me the same privileges granted to other citizens. The Salvation Army and other teachers of ethics of the times block the streets, yet the police do not order them to move on, and I appeal to your sense of justice to extend fair play all round." The second letter stated that the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, Limited, were monopo- lising a portion of Margaret and Mary streets. The writer asked, as a citizen and a ratepayer, if the company had a right to use the streets, and if they acquired the right by the council's authority. If that was the case, he requested the council to allow him to utilise a portion of Queen-street, near the Treasury Buildings, for for the purpose of erecting a fruit stall, &c;, to enable him the better to support his family. A P.S. stated that a similar letter, dated 20th October, had not apparently reached the council. In reply to Alderman White, the Mayor said Mr. Lowry was not a ratepayer. On the motion of Mr. Raymond, it was decided that the requests could not be complied with. Mr. Lowry was present during the proceedings, THE FORGED "MAHATMA" LETTEfiS, It- looks as if the Theosophio bubble is In danger of bursting (writes the London corre- spondent of the S. Al. Herald). The report of Mrs. Besant's speech at tho Sydney Opera Hou30 about the Mahatmas has come to hand hore; but meanwhile a London evening news- paper has been publishing an exposure of the recent quarrels at Theosophical headquarters which Mrs. Besant will find very unpleasant reading when it reaches her. Fac-similés aro given of the forged "Mahatma" letters by whioh it is now known that a leading official of thb society misled Mrs. Besant and other credulous people. The exposure, it is true, contains nothing that is vory novel to people who have taken any interest in matters Theoso- phical. It is now beyond doubt that the letter.-; whioh Mrs. Besant, when she first assumed Madame Blavatsky'3 mantle, declared on her honour that she' had received from the Mahatmas were really the work of one of the officials of the society. This was demonstrated at a meeting whioh took placo in London not very long ago, but the scandal was bushed up by Mrs. Bosant, who took tho ludicrous ground that, though tho letters were written by the gentleman concerned, they might have been impressed on his mind by the " masters." This is on a par with the assertions of the ardont spiritualist who, when his favountn medium is oaught personating a " spook," declares that ho has been aotuated by the spirits to do so. You- oan't argue with such people I, see, by the way, that a leading American medium has just been exposed in Paris with wigs ond dolls in hor possession, So that altogether the occult craze is in a bad way. DISARMING THE KANAKAS. The Mackay Standard says :-We have had the opinion of some residents of the district as to the motives whioh have prompted tho Kanakas to commit the crimes whioh have been attributed to thom, and wa have the testimony of persons" whose long acquaintance with the Kanakas entitles their views to be respected, and theBO opinions, though they do not quite ngreo, at tho same time indicate that there is little doubt that a considerable num- ber of the Kanakas are armed with weapons which are moro or less dangerous. One speaks of there being on the north side of tho river about 200 revolvers, with a sufficient supply of cartridges, distributed among tho Kanakas, and though it may be the case that in the majority of instances tho revolvers in fluestion would provo of greater danger to the men who own thom than anyone else, the samo cannot bo said with regard to the weapons which the men possess independent of firearms. It is said that until a man of some public importance is killed the public does not rise to a full appreciation of the dangers which may lie around. Already in the South this district has acquired a very bad name, and it behoves, us to do our duty to clear ourselves from the imputation that wo are careless of the lives of our people. It doos not appeor that we are able to easily doteot and punish the criminals, but at least we might take reasonable pre- cautions to minimise the possibilities for tho commission of murder by taking from the Kanakas the means with which they commit these outrages. The first of a series of concerts arranged by Mr. Seymour Dicker in connection with St. John's Cathedral was given last night. Owing to the steady rain which fell all the evening the concert, which was to have been held in St. John's Rectory grounds, had to be given in the schoolroom. The attendance was not very large. An excellent programme was provided and gone through in a very satisfactory manner, commencing with an orchestral overture, "Couronne de Or." Master S. Hodgson, one of the choir boys, sang " Daddy" (Behrens) in a creditable manner. Misses Sanders, Baker, and Iliff sang "The Winter" (Reinecke). Miss Bessie Cannan made her first appearance in "Remember" (Blumenthal). Miss Cannan, who possesses a remarkably pure contralto voice, made a very favourable début. Mr. J. G. Sutton, who was in splendid voice, sang "Thou art my world" (Arthur King) ; in the second part of the programme, "My old Dutch" and "Ho, Jolly Jenkin" (Ivanhoe), the choir boys joining heartily in the chorus of the latter. Miss Alice Russell's number, "Lo! hear the gentle lark" (Bishop), was one which was admirably suited to her voice, and the singer received a well-deserved encore. Mr. Talbot accompanied Miss Russell on the flute. The "Nursery Rhyme Quadrilles," by St. John's Cathedral choristers, were well rendered, and proved very amusing. Miss F. Johnson and Mr. Sutton sang the duet, "There grow a little flower," from Sullivan's "Ruddigore." Miss Mildred Sanders was encored for her rendition of "Scenes that are brightest" (Wallace). Mr. A.G. Beard played several Welsh airs on the cornet, which were much enjoyed. A meeting of ladies, to make arrangements for providing hospitality for the clergy and tue usual Synod teas, will be held in the Diocesan Registry on Friday morning nest, as announced in another column. Gifts for Christmas.-See Carew, Gardner, and BilliDgton'B Kalizoio and Fancy Depart- ments.* The promised- extensions and deviations of telegraph lines in the Upper Brisbane water- shed to afford means of sending proper warn- ings of any approaching flood, aro about to be undertaken by the Post and Telegraph Department. In another column tenders are invited for the supply of material and for workmanship for a telegraph line from Caboombah to Cressbrook and for raising the existing line from Esk to Cressbrook above the level of the flood of 1893. The first stage of the Amateur Boxing Tournament took place last night at the . Brisbane Gymnasium. The hall was crowded and the benefit to the funds of the institution will be substantial. The finals will be con- tested on Thursday night, as there was not sufficient time to finish on one night. The following are the results so far. Light- weights : First round-Campbell beat P. Joyce, Binkin beat Blair, J. Joyoe beat Stafford ; second round-Campbell beat Binkin. The final will be between J. Joyce and Campbell. Middle-weights-A. Austin beat N. J. M'Grory, J. Boss beat W. Barnett, J. Coupland boxed a bye with Baxter (professional). On Thursday night Austin meets Coupland, and the winner competes for tho final with J. Ross. The Christmas number of Flashes for 1894 comes to us brave in its gorgeous cover of white andsoarlet and blue and gold, and strong in its fifty pages of Christmas literature, and what is in some respects still more important -Christmas advertisements. The "society" element which engrosses the space of ordinary editions of Flashes is almost non-existent, and instead the holiday reader finds a series of short stories by colonial writers, affording abundance of light reading. There is also a sketoh of the career of his Excollenoy Sir Henry Norman and an excellent portrait, besides a half page of portraits of Brisbane ladies including Lady Norman. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. advise having booked the following passengers per B.M.S. Oroya, whioh left Sydney on the 17th instant for London, via usual ports, namely : Mesdames E. Buckberry and M. Hastie, Messrs. W. Kilgour, S. S. Bowles, W. Bick- ford, Edwin Renshaw, E. Buokberry, Thomas Gray, and Master Herbert Hastie. The same firm also advise that the R.M.S. Ormuz loft Colombo on the lllh instant, and will probably arrive at Albany on Saturday, 22nd instant, between 6 a.m. and noon. The Oxley State Sohool broke up for the Christmas holidays last Friday evoning, the occasion being celebrated by the presentation of prizes and by festal enjoyment. The sohool children, in neat holiday attire, presented a joyous and most pleasing appearance, and there was a largo attendance of parents and friends. Mr. H. Luoook, secretary of the Sohool Com- mittee, presided, and, in handing the prizes to the winners, addressed to each a few cheery words of commendation and encouragement. In addition to numerous prizes awarded for diligence, general proficiency, good conduct and manners, &c;, open to all, two special prizes were given in each class for best and second beat attendances during the whole year. The prize fund for the school had been raised by an entertainment got up by a small ooin mittee of ladies. After enjoying an ample and excellent repast, the children devoted tho rest of the ovening_ to dancing, in whioh recreation they had previously received lessons from the lady patrons of the school. Gympie speculators will be glad to hear that Stewart's Mining Exohange Hotel is the place to stay. Good sample rooms.- [Am T.] The missionaries of the Brisbane City Mission on the north side of the river during the past week have conducted four evening services in their Charlotte- street Hall, four open air meetings, two services at churches, two in the Industrial Home, and onecottage meeting; and report five personsashavingprofessedconvorsion. One afternoon was spent in visiting at the hos- pital, and there was also the usual daily house to house visitation. Soveral donations for the Christmas relief of the poor have been received, but -further supplies of flour, tea, sugar, oat- meal, Ac, are needed. It is intended to assist about double the number this,year that were helped last year. Pure, unalloyed bliss I Buying toys at the monster display at Carew, Gardner, and Billington's, and seeing the children made happy.* A case of death from snake-bite under peculiarly painful circumstances occurred at Milbong on Saturday night last (writes our Ipswich correspondent). Mr. James Macfar- lane, of that place, and his family bad just finished tea as night carno on, when one of his little sons, about 4 J years old, ran outside for a few moments. When ho returned, he said that he had trodden on something, but did not complain of feeling unwell. The little follow, who wa3 always of a cheerful disposition, was laughing and playing with the other children as usual, and shortly afterwards said his prayers, and was, by bia father, put to bed with the others. About an hour afterwards his mother heard him gasping as if for breath, and he Was at once picked up and attended to, but before ten minutes had elapsed he was dead. It was ascertained afterwards that the deceased must have been bitten by a snake, and death took place about an hour and ten minutes after the iniliotiun of the bite. A free phonograph is amongst the attractions of the " Palais Toydom" at Carew, Gardner, and Billington's.* The exoursion arranged by the Park Presby- terian Church choir on Saturday was mast enjoyable. Leaving M'Ghie, Luya's wharf at 2.48, the Natone steamed to the Aquarium Company's wharf, Petrie's Bight, where a further complement of passengers were embarked. Arrangements had been made to call at Lytton ; but by universal request they were cancelled, and the boat -steamed to the Bay, An invigorating breeze and a calm sea insured a considerable amount of business for the Refreshment Committee, and until town was reached their post was no sinecure. An orchestra of fourteen performers, under the leadership of Mr. R, j. Preston, rendered a programme of excellent music in a very satis- factory manner. Great credit is due to Mesdames Forrest, Fraser, and Beattie, and Messrs. Mercer and Stevenson, and their assis- tants, for their untiring efforts to promote the comfort of the passengers. Owing to an oversight, the name of the winner of the highest aggregate number of marks (W. Forrest) was omitted from the examination results of St. Michael's School, published yesterday. As will be seen in our advertising columns, a complimentary concert and organ recital to Mr. S. G. Benson will be given in the Albert street \Vesleyan Church to-night. Leading professional and amateur musicians of Brisbane are giving their assistance, and a specially good programme is insured. As is well known, Mr. Benson has always cheerfully given his valuable assistance to charitable efforts of every kind in this city, and it is hoped that the public will respond by heartily supporting to-night's con- cert. Northumberland Hotel, Gympie. First-class accommodation for travellers and visitors; buggy meets every train. B. A. Sim.-[ADVT.] Messrs. Flavelle, Roberts, and Sankey, Limited, have just issued a very neat illus- trated catalogue of fifty pages, in which are shown representative patterns of their varied stocks_ of jewellery, opticians' and other scientific instruments, and photographers and artists' goods. Ihn illustrations are well executed, and, as they are accompanied by a full price list, the catalogue will be of great assistance to country customers and others in making their purchases. A copy of this little work will, we understand, be sent post free on application. * A'summer fair will be held in the school nail in connection with the Albert- street Wesleyan Church, commencing on Thursday next at 3 p.m. The establishment of Finney, Isles, and Co. will be opened on the evenings of Saturday preceding Christmas Day, and Monday, Christ- mas Eve, respectively, until IO p.m.* 