MEETING NlfiMT The German professor, when he had fin ished our lessou, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass — for, though he had brought his big blue umbrella, ' he ' did not eai-e to faee the flashes of Hvb tniuer- -pudfionlv turned to us, and said ; 44 It was exactly su"b an eveuine as this T Baw Leopold — " We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story ; he al ways began in this w.\y, without preface. 44 In my native village," he said, 4I. people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call 4 Meeting Night,' and with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the name of u dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and spoak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try the spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing ip one's own blood is rather a solemn proceeding, especially in an empty church at midnight. 44 One man who had lost his sweetheart did it. They said he saw her, but he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an . artery. 44 When I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things pf the past, l left in haste. I had had" a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn — the pink dawn of summer. I can 6ee him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. He. looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily/ I was furious. The word was given. I did my best to wound him. He merely defended himself. . Then he lay on the ground at my feet, and my second hurried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where , a car riage awaited me. 44 4 Go 1" he said. 4 The quicker the betterl You have killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. 44 The coachman drove furiously. As for me, I was in a sort of dream. 4 Had I killed Leopold .whom I loved so V I asked myself. Then I replied : 4 He deserved it. He de served it. 1 did well.' 41 TVia Tiavf ilnv T fJArmanxr _ 1 anmo to Australia. I established myself here. One day, in the midst of the great throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz Wagner. - He looked like a ghost — gray, hollow-cheeked — scarcely more than a skeleton. 44 4 You see it,' he said, as I glanced at him; I am dying. This is my "address. Do net come until I send for you ; , but when I do, come at ouce. Swear it.' 44 4 My friend,'. I said, 4 let me come before that. Let me help you if I can.' 44 4 No,' he said, 4 no ; ' and turned away. " Tliree mouths afterwards a messengai came to me at midnight, and said : 44 4 Fritz Wagner has sent for you. 44 1 found him dying, but he had strength to speak. 44 4 Frederick,' he said, 4 1 have a confession to make. I lied about Tlierese. I was in love with her. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all the rest, it was true enough ; but the Leopold was her sister's little baby, named after your cousin. Yon understood that I meant the man." I took mv oath to tne trutn or my statement. For that, I am suffering the torments of the lot.' . 44 With these terrible words on his'lipB, he died, 4' And now remorse seized me. I suffered agonies when I remembered ray true love, Therese, and my dear cousin, Leopold. I could not.rest. I knew nothing of . the fate of my friends in Germaur. but I resolved at last to return and see therese, who, if she lived, was forty years old, and beg her for giveness, and to give myself up to the authori- ! ties as ray cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expif':on. . 44 1 bade adieu-, as,I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in the next steamer for my native home. 44 1 travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last I reached it late on the night of a stormy summer day. I walked from the station to the hotel, and on my way the lightning flashed through the heavens. I passed a tree riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and Baw at my feet "a little dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. 44 1 stopped and laid it aside on the moss. As I did so a feather :felL from its broken wing, and on the instant it occurred to me that this very night vyas the mystic Meeting " KT?ffKt fVlftt- 1 4- n«n mUU i.L. Ml .i ® » iw rt no tt i uu tut; quiji OI a bird that one wrote the name of - the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. , I had .little faith in the superstition ; but ;I was in a. strange mood, and beyond shone tlra win dows of the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. 44 1 seized the little quill. I turned my steps toward the sacrededlfice. It was empty. I entered. . The lights burn palely, few and far between. - I passed . up the aisle, and kneeling, took a knife from my pocket and cut ray finger Brightly ; then, baying pointed the little quill, 1 dipped it in my blood uad wrote the ; name of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors of the fpairited .-windows grew brilliaijfcj.aa the -lightning- flashed; and th®ri agaih Vere dim and dUBky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name— 4 Frederick 1" It came froA .aboye. I looked up ; " In the gallery stood a figure all .riri black, save for a white band upon its fore head,- It had the face of Therese, but paler, . thinner. Its white hands were, here.: It Btretched them oiit towards ine," as in great- ingv It waved them in farewell. It was gone. \- 44 A spirit.had .appeared to me— Therese's spirit. Then she,' too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there— a Bad, gray Leopold— but I knew him. I utterfed his name.-'- He answered : 44 4 Is it Frederick?' 44 4 Ghost of my friend,' I replied, 4 1 have returned to make expiation. Frif Wagner ; lied to me, arid so I left my love, and mux- ; dered you. I have discovered the'!tfiith'.I return to give myself to justice. You aliall be avenged, dear spirit. Pray for me to ' Jieayen, and forcrive me/ - I 44 The spirit advanced. It amiied, It seized me by the hands with a warm, living | ; clasp. j 44 4 1 will forgive you,' he said. 44 God know ! I have forgiven ; but as yet I only hope for j heaven. I am n'o ghost, Frederick. You did( not kill me. I recovered in a little while. A jealous man is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' 44 He opened his avms. I fell into them. iVe embraced. , 44 4 But Therese 7 " J Baid. isiirely, it 'wa9 her spirit that i sa'v.v 44 1 saw it he answered 4 Teereso is I dead to the woud. She is a nun in the con- i vent close at br.n After -you bad been.;! gone five ycarr,. 1 asked her to marry me ; j but she could !:ite but once. When her j mother died ehe f-.ok the veil. On this an niversary the nurr- come to the cathedral to ' keep vigil. This is the night I also come. And Therese lor'-:;- down on me and smile. , This she esteems a sin, and expiates with penance; but I live on it the year through. I To-night she saw only you. She forgot me." i Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed in ! leaving her J' I 44 1 bowed my head in contrition, and just | at that moment there arose from the dark gqllery the soft, sweet sound of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. I 44 Together, standing hand in hand, we I listened. Then, arm in arm, wc left the cathedral. | 44 1 returned to Australia soon afterward. ! Leopold remained behind. Every year he goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting Night — every year until the last he wrote 4i 4 1 have seen her. With her eyes she sent an angel's love to you." . . .. , . 4 But last year this is what he wrote 44 4 She i3 dead. I believe that she will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity." Shrewd Mrs. Penuckle— " I didn't- al- ways plough , the earth for a living," said Farmer Pennckle. ' 44 1 was once a wine mer chant's clerk in Mil bourne. I married young, and my wife, who is sitting there now, with the reputation of being as good a farmer's, wife as there is in the country," made just as good a mate for a hard-up clerk then. Like many young couples we had purchased furni ture in instalments, and we were not able to pay all the sums as they fell due/ Every thing seemed to be going against us, and our liltle girl' was sick. When I came home early one Saturday afternoon and found /crape . hanging to my door bell. - My. heart was in my mouth and tears choked me as I met ray wife. - : - v 44 4 So dear little Minnie is gone 1 ' I said. 44 4 Miunie gone I ' said my wife. - 4 Oh, no. But the broker's man will be round in a minute to seize tiic furniture, and I thought possibly the crape might cheek him.' . 44 It checked him. He halted his waggon a dozen yards away, walked on tip-toe tofihe door, examined the crape, and went softly away, afraid, apparently, that some ' one might hear him. Minnie recovered," and a few days afterwards I scraped up enough money to pay the bill, but I haven't bought anything on instalments since," t Fortune in the Teacup.— Here are a few old women's signs " for you. girls : . If Bingle persons happen to have two spoons iri their cup, it is a sign, that they will figure prominently at a wedding before the year is out. If you put milk or cream in your tea before the sugar, it will ."cross your, love." If a tea-stalk floats in the oup, ij is -called 44 a, beau." Unmarried ladies, when this happens, should stir their tea round briskly, and then plant the spoon uprightly in the cup, holding it quite still with the fingers. Jf the "beau in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, the 44 beau " will be certain to come that evening. If the sides of the "cup attract, the 44 beau " will not come. We may observe that it depends upon the state of the atmosphere whether the tea-stalk is attracted | to the middle or the sides of the cup. It is j a sign of fair weather if the cluster of small! air bubbles, which usually arise after the j Bugar has been put in, collect themselves and i remain in the centre of the cup. The con- j trury when they straggle to the sides — it will ; certainly rain in a few hours. -; i It 13 a pleasant thought, indeed, for the ' poor man to know that gold is even now i B'lill growing. Mi. Brou'gh Smyth has shown i that it can be deposited nowadays iri appre- j ciable quantities within comparatively short! periods. of -mineralized timber and beams from the galleries of the older work- | ings in Australian mines have been found to 1 exhibit, under t.he microscope, particles of i gold intermixed with crystals of iron pyrites, j all through the central parts of the wood ; and this gold must, of course, have gathered there from solution in water during the few years that have elapsed, since thefiist.dis- covery of the precious metal in Australia. i Moltke and — A young iady, i says _Z?tW Deutsche Tagleolatt, having: asktd j Moltke and Bismarck to favor herwith a few words in her album, the former wrote : j Lies pass away, truth lives for aye. j To which the Chancellor wrote : I In yonder world, full well I know ! Truth will at lffet the victory gain ; «; But 'gainst the lies told here below A Marshal e'en will fight in vain. , . Two French balloon expeditions are couteuiplatedr-b'y distinct balloonist3. One merely to cross, the whole of France from West to East ; the reverse direction is' objec tionable, as it might land the balloon in hostile Germany. The other enterprise is from . France to the United States. , This baliooniBt. thinks, .he can do the distance in three days and nights. ' The' Hawaiian 44 army" consists of ope " GerieralissimtV' five Colonels, five Majors, one Adjutant- General, .one Quartermaster- General, one Intelligence Officer, -one engi neer, one aide-de-camp, one adjutant/ one captain, two lieutenants, eight sergeants, sixteen corporals, one bandmaster,, twenty- four bandsmen, and; sixty, privates. All English "postman at Whitby, named Peacival, has just completed his '.fortieth year of sendee. He has served - under four teen Postmaster-Generals, walked seven thousand' miles in the discharge of4;. his. "duties, and delivered five millions of -let." ters. A forge hammer has been invented in England which is driven by gaB instead of steam. 