IlUIIlEL PEtEiLL1 AN OUTCAST: PT J03 =PE IOOKING, A m i hes soryI d Andrew laifax," "Jaba_ asLrooek," "Zillah," ae, [Asa 1imwr BIanmva.] Published by special arrangsement wlith Mesars. Waord, Lock and Bowdes, Limited. BOOK IV. HARSVST. CHAPTER I. HOW IT BGArN. " There are two angels that attend unseen Each one of us, and in the greos book record Our good and evil deeds. He vho writes down The good ones, after every ,ction closes His volume, and ascends vnth it to God. The other keeps his dreadful day-book open Till sunset, that we nay repent; which doing, The record of the anion fades away, And leaves a lin, of white across the page. Now if any act i good, as I believe'it, It cannot be roalled. It is already s Sealed u ir Heaven, as a good deed c accomptated. The rest ifyours. -LONGFELLO?W. The time as the evening following the night of th, dark deed on the cliffs. The place was the library of Penwithen. Thronghori the morning Reuben had sat there broding. Sometimes he felt safe from all inger, at other times he trembled at every ound. When lunch was over he could sty indoors no longer, so he had orderedds horse to be saddled, and had ridden s Tintagel, ostensibly on business, but reay to hear what people were talking about. To his surprise, nothing was said of Fraer. No one knew of his death. Men had ben working along the coast all the mornig, but no dead body had been seen. Evidatly the sea had not given up its t dea? Well, so much the better for him. t Perlpe the body might float for days, and the be washed on the beach at Padstow, I oriew Quay, or Bude. It might be that noune would connect it with John Fraser. T¶t worthy had told his tap-room com paions again and again that he should go t America, where there wes room for a An of his talents; and so suspicions ould be diverted into other channels. Vell, he should say nothing. A great s onging came to him to go to the scene of c the struggle, but he said he would not be weak enough for that. He had heard of i many murderers being discovered in that way, but he would not be so foolish. And I so he rode back to Penwithen for dinner, I and appeared gay and happy all the time, a but directly the meal concluded he locked C himself in the library again. A fire burned cheerfully in the grate, c the lamp on the table sent out a cheerful t light, and Reuben enjoyed his comfortable surroundings. He had not partaken of much dinner, but, contrary to his usual f custom, he had drunk several glasses of o wine, and thus for the time, was flushed with a false courage. In an hour or two t its influence would leave him, but at present its power was grateful. He had sat about an hoar when a knock o came to the door, and, on his opening it, at servant gave him a note. " Any answer, Susan ?" he said absently. t "° o, sir; the boy that brought it is I gone." "Do you know the boy?" "Yes, sir; it was Jane Hendy's boy- she as was servant 'ere years agone." "Ah, thank you, Susan." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to think him cheerful and satisfied. He locked the door again, however, and, sitting down in his arm- t chair, opened the envelope. After that he looked at the address. It was evidently written by a woman who had had little t practice in the art of writing. Thus it Jan, "to mr. Ruben penwithn t up to Penwithn." "?Who can this be from P" he mused, d and then taking out the letter, reid as follows:- C "respected Bur. i ope yu will scuse me t for ritin. yew was a good maaster to me np to your ouse, an i thot yn wud like to no. wot was goin on, so i am ritin this. 1 bout ten o'clock this mornin that black aired- hap called Jshmul who do live up to 1 Coomlahed, comed in 'ere sea he ard to i work Mises Hendy. iss says i, tis a lot I arter bein marrid than bein in sarvice like ' i woe up to penwithn, i was Jane Bickett then, an ad a good time cos maaster pen withn wos sich a good maaster, says i. he's a villin ses ee, no sh thing ses i, ee was a good master to me eE ever there yas one, look ere sesee, ees no rite to be I there, an somebody els will be there sercn, git iway see i, for i never did like that I cha~1, e allays made me feel oal creepy like, wel see ee you new mrs hendy that ee do ave duryus ways, and eevo got a macret, i've found it out, ive got the thing here bin hidin fdr years, an you will soosi see a new rmaster to penwithn, tis in my pocket see ee slappin his jacket, and eeI laIffed oal curyns like ses e i aint a b in lookin ool thaise years fur tOthin, wot do ee main says i, you will soon .iaw es ee, i then ee ahawed his teeth again an .?ge strange round the eyes and went of. then ; see to myself mr penwithn shud naw this but i besnt well nuff to walk fur at present so iesend my little boy without tellin any 1 body your obedient sarvent jane Hendy. "to mr Ruben Penwithn "up to penwithn. pa please sur ee said something bout your -oon bein in Bodmun jail" When Be.n finished reading this epistle he was tremhlinglike an aspen leaf; when he had read it t e second time a cold sweat stood on his fore?he" Was the man a lemon F How could he MlV found it P Did the letter refer to the will tD p11. He remembered Jane Hendy as a 1gWsBig tirl who had been servant at Penwited, mt who was, nevertheless, honest and kuthfunL. Could it be that it had come to light eter all these years. What was the use of last night's terrible eed now While he was struggling with fraser, who he believed was the essential ik, this Nemesis must by some means ave discovered the secret hiding-place tid found what he had sold his soul to " Oh, devil, thou art a hard master !" Is cried. "Twenty-five years have I kept tile thing a secret, and now it will come to i~ht I shall be hissed at, stoned, driven e't of tLe neighbourhood. Oh, father, did n rear me for this M.argery Goudge, si you tempt me for this? Come back, •. old hag come from your grave and tl me what I am to do I" He read the letter a third time. Yes, it w- plain enough. He had hid it all these ya.; last night he had taken the life of ?S?llw.-man to preserve his eecnt, and lfer this. Even his children wouldloathe -top, thought! He must think, think. osin g the will were found, suppose Zane did his worst. What would be the cosseence ? The game might not be ~.a Whe could say the will was genuine ? Coedl ie sot urgethat it had been forged P was Ihel F A nameless man, com svsly wk? unknown antecedents. . wol i- the will F Ishmsel and his mother. Well ' mother had been ;]ool.d upon as mad, .w~ile Ishmael was grstjy avoided as a mrys.?~os character. 'Hevoud claim that the will wasaforgery; least, Ishmmel would. Ah, the ase was f not so bad. For who could prove the will 1 genuine? No one. The two witnesses were dead. Margery had died years before; I as for John Fraser. he would never be heard of again. Who would accept Ish mael's statement? No one. He was a magistrate himself, and he knew. A man of his standing in the county would be believed a thousand times before this man. Yes, he would fight to the end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoar ? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ish- e mael had spcken to her; but had he not done this to frighten him ? Should he go to Jane Hendy and speak to her ? No; that would give credence to Ishmael's B statement, for, of course, there must be no wil'. No, no, Ishmael could never have ~ found it. Why the place was unknown, c and even if it was known, a hundred men might search and never find it. A dark hole difficult to see, and then-no, no, it could not be ! p Again he perused the letter, and the s more he felt confirmed in his opinion. He looked at his watch. It was nine o'clock. it He went to the window and looked out. It b was a wild night. The sky was leaden, I1 and the winds howled fiercely. The pale d crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could barely see the trees which sur- I rounded the house, but between the gusts R of wind he could hear the leaves dripping a from the branches, which were fast be- , coming bare. The winter was coming on 8I e rly. £ He went back to his chair and sat down ft again. Ile must know the truth of this, he h could not rest until he was sure. It was c essential that he should be certain, so that he might make his plans accordingly. He a had made up his mind to keep indoors .+ during the evenings ; last night's work bad it .ustrung his nerves and made him weak. Ic The memory of it was terrible. Still, the it work was done, and he would no longer be d harassed in that direction. Oh, if Ishmael f: floated by his side I " " Yes, I'll go and see," he said, at length; al "it'll be a terrible journey, but I'll go." h He looked at his watch again and con. d sidered. d "The tide will be at its height at half past eleven," he mused; "by half-past twelve I can get along at the foot of the f, cliffs. If 1 start from here at about a quarter to twelve I shall bh able to manage ti easily. I wonder if there is any truth in It the old folks' stories? I w.,nier whether tl the ghosts of murdered people do appear at night time It'll be a terrible journey; but-yes, I'll go; I shall never rest till I'm ii certain." He got up and looked in the glass. "I look an o'd man," he said, as he gazed on the reflection of his haggard face. ti "Another twenty- four hours like the last fi has been and my hair will le white. Yes B another hour, and it'll be twenty-four hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would al come to this I " a He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery. b "I'.l better give it up," he cried, " I'd h better co to Ishmael and make terms with h him. He'll surely be willipg to make b arrangements. I can give him Grace's c dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrangements? Grace would be glad. I n can see that she hates the thought of marrying Retallick, even although she's d sacrificing herself for my sake. I wonder if It he would, now ? No, no, I'll not ask a it favour of him; I'll fight it to the end; lose tl or win, I'll do it 1" At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair of v thick boots ant a warm overcoat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a d small portable lamp, and placed it in his d overcoat pocket. Then he took tome matches, I and after striking two or three, to see that I' they ignited easily, he studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was any- ft thing more. He noiselessly opened the bl library door and stood in the dark passage. It He remembered being there with Judith long hi years before. Ah, how she loved him Is i Ycs, that night was the first step in the d great sin which had ended twenty-five years h afterwards in murder. No, not that- 1' justifiable homicide. h. He listened intently. All was silent, no a sound brok the stillness of the night. He n thought he heard one of the servants of breathing heavily, but that was all. Every t one was asleep but himself, and he felt as B though he should never sleep again. Like ti Macbeth, he had murdered it. If He turned the lamp low, and crept a through the passage into the kitchen, and ti then went out into the yard by the kitchen door. A dog leaped forward with a low o: growl, but seeing who it was whined affec. g tionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting il to accompany him. "I dare not take him," he muttered, "although he would be company. Lie down a here in the kitchen, old man, and be quiet." ti The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, d letting himself out again, hurried across the b yard into the lane. He stood still and ri listened. Nothing could be heard save the a wind moaning through the trees. He h hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now and then, as if in fear, but no one appeared, h no sound was heard. d bfter a sharp walk he arrived at the cliffs, a and saw far beneath him the restless, tur- i bulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the open sky as at Penwithen. The pale moon could be seen oftener, the clouds were swept more rapidly aoross the wild 51 sky, the n'ght did not appear quite so sullen. He looked all around him. anxiously, fear fully, and thenibreathed a sigh of relief. No ene was near, The spot was open, neither hedges nor houses were near, and so it would be impossible for any one to hide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown againa~t his face, sobhe knew that the Atlantic .s? in a fnrious mood. He walked on nntil he came to the precipitous footpath leading to the beach. For one who did not know every yard of the cliffs descent would be perilous, but Reuben did not hesitate, and in a few minutes stood on the hard sea sand. Yes, the tide was i receding, and even non he saw a stretch of sand a few feet wide. He went southward. Fancy the scene. On the one hand, towering ragged clif ; above: a wild sky; on the otler, a storm.tossed angry sea hurling itself on !he rYgk- bound coast. The time, midnight. AlU s?~sid rowned by the incessant roar of the waves aifn the howling winds. "Everybody will be in bed," muttered BeubeP ; "no one but a man with hell in his heart would come to such a spot as this on such a night as this. My God I I wish I were hack at Carloggas with an empty, pocket and a light heart. On he tradged, now stumbling over the, rocks, now splashing through some stream of water which ran towards the receding sea, bat still making his way southward " I was a fool not to destroy it," he went on at length; "if I had, there would be no need of this. I should have done it, too, if I hadn't been a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were only written to frighten me, and it is still there, I shall destroy it the mosient I get back to Penwithen. Yes, '11 do it, though the ghost of old Mfichael appears before me and tells me to stop, I can understand those old men's stories now. I can see why they bargained with the devil. I'd gladly sell all the soul I've got to live in comfort all the rest of my life and be safe. There'd be jay and gladnus in the thought; but those days are gone, all the old super' stitions are destroyed." A gleat wave swept up, carrying with it a log of wood, and as the water receded, left it lying before l.im. In the storm.light it did not look unlike the ]Cgsy of a man. He started back with a cry of terror. ' My God I "he cried," 'tis he I I can go no further, I am afraid. I dare not go psnt that thing." something flapped clos? to his ear, and a ghastly screech frozes the blood in his veins. It was only a sea bird which he had dia. turbed, and which, as soon as it could, flew back to its shelter again; but to Resban it was the cry of a lost soul, it was a wandering spirit which coald Sad no resLt. It wee like his ebr Is alight whi he fell I" he gasped. "Oh, all the Penwithen I lands, all the money it has brought me, good a name, and all the rest will not pay for this. I'll go straight back and let him do his t worst." cc He turned around, and began to retrace his steps, but had only gone a few steps before he changed his mind B " What of Grace and Bert 7 " he thought. a "I'll rave them if I can. I promised theitr mother that I'd never neglect them, and I must save them. Poor, dear Amelia I Ste gave her life for Grace Oh, my darling I n Can't you help me now I No, no. If there's a heaven, she's there; and the help I want can't come from heaven." a Once mere he turned his face towards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the it spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. cc "It's only a bit of sea drift I " he cried. it "Oh, what a coward I am-a great, hulking in coward I " On he rushed, unmindful of winds and tc waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, tl so there was no difficulty in walking. al Presently a heap of rocks protruded them selves on to the beach, and then he stopped. T "I shall soon know," he cried. "Ah, if n it's still there it shall soon be ashes. I'll burn it, in spite of all the dead men's curses sa that were ever invented. Why, oh, why co didn't 1 do it )are agoI " a He crept behind the great heap of rockr, bi and found a fissure wide enough through which to squeeze his body; then he crawled as along a few feet, until he was out of the wino. Outside the wind wailed and the sea surged, but here was shelter and rest. at Taking his lamp from his pocket, he care- m fully lit it, and looked anxiously around hi him, after which he went larther into the at cave. hi Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had not been w .-isiurbed since the last flood tide, and no tr mark of a footstep was to be seen. He looked upward, and everything appeared as of it was when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The ssa sounded hi far away ; he was alone-all, all alone. e He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, be and he strained his ears, as if he thought fe he heard something. No; all was silent as death. He made a step forward towards a ci dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that P He thought he heard a sound like the falling of a stone, and he listened again. -e No, he was mistaken ; he was simply afraid. lie went to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into he this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. Pe Cold sweat trickled downhis face,'aud his i limbs trembled. \--He must have found it l " he gasped, f "and I am lost I " w Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, bi this time as far as he could reach. His fingers touched something smooth and cold. a He clutched it tightly and drew it out. c " Safe I safe l " he cried; " I'm a man YE again. Let me born this when I get home, and then what have I to fear?" is Unbuttoning his coat, he pat it into his breast-pocket, then he carefully buttoned his coat again, and again he realised the la haunting fear which he had felt long years in before when old Margery met him along the coast and asked him ror the will. sa "It seems to carry a curse with it," he an muttered, "but it will be only for an hour." iie Once more he held up the lamp, but in so at doing knocked his arm, and the lamp fell he from his hand. In picking it up he looked tr towards the entrance of she cave, and he w thought he saw something shining, and tl qutcrly held the light towards it, but nothing of was to be seen. se "Another delusion," he moaned, "another in doeluion-ah, but I wish John Fraser was a ct de?ls:on. Living or dead, he is a curse to tb me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of so Penwithen will not be disgraced." a kHe glopea out of the cave again, and in a few seconds later he stood under the open a sky. Madly he rushed along the beach, ez looking neither to the right nor left, and so he did not notice that he was followed. Yet it was so. A man bending almost to a double kept near him all the way, even as he had done ever since he had left n Penwithen. When Reuben Penwithen yt had stood on the cliff, and breathed t a sigh of relief because he was en noticed, this ciesture had been lying flat on the ground; but his eyes were never taken from the frenzied yeoman. When at Reuben had turned and fled from the log m that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follower crouched behind arock and watched, and when the frenzied man had entered the ey cave, and seearched for the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher muttered he ofttimes too; but he feared not. No l ghostly visitants troubled him; all his o0 thoughts were about the man before him, whom he knew walked in hell. as When Reuben hurried towards Penwithen, ri and stumoled sometimes as he trudged along I tne beach, his watcher seemed to be un- yt decided whether to make himself known, ce but he let him climb the chff first, then, rushing up as easily as a chamois rushes up 1 a mountain path, he saw that he must do his work quickly. it Once on the headland again Reuben's is heart beat lighter. Even the last night's w deed did not trouble him so much now, and so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying safely over his heart, he journeyed a rapidly towards his home. Ptresently, how. - ever, his quick ear detected a sound, and he 5j was about to turn around when he felt a n stealthy hand fasten itself upon his arm h like the grip of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him: "I want to speak to you, Reuben Pen. withen." CHAPTER II. DESPAIR I d "The sorrows of death compassed me and the pains of hell get hold upon me." \--P8ALIts; "And it was all play, and no one could tell what it had lived and worked for. A striving and a striving, and_ ansending in nothing." -OLIvE SCHREIFrE. Reuben started in terror. He had thought be was alone, he never dreamed, in spite of his watchings, that any one but himself could be out at su:h an hoar, on such a night, and so he gasped, "Who are you What do you want I" " Beveral things," ws the quiet reply By this time he had got over his surprise a httle, and he looked up into the face of the man who spoke so strangely,. "Ishimal Pengelly l" "Yes. Yon didn't think I was so hilte?r?sed in your movements, eh Well, I am, yOU sCe." " What do you want 1" " You know very well. I want what you stole, what I have been seeking for years." Did he know what had been done, and where he had been ? Renoen didnot know; but he determined to straggle to she end. "l've only a few pounds with me, Ish. mael Pengelly. If yon'd asked me in a proper way I would have let you have them readily. lBut it seems you prefer becoming a mianight robber. Well, I expected it of yoU." "Fortunately, I do not want your money. I only claim my rights, mine and mother's. Yoa possess what does not belong to youn, and I claim it." "What do you mean I,' "You know what I mean. Michael Pen#oe's will," ,Still mal on that'l There never was a will." "Very well, then I'll be content with what you have in your breast pocket." SBreat pocke I My-yo-youyou saw 1" "]aw ? certainly I did. I kept my eyes open for that," Then Penwithen lost his presence of mind for a minute. " But how-how did you know t"he cried. S"Know?" replied Ishmael; " I told you I Sknew., You thought you were alone to nignut. Well, you weren't; I followed. I saw you enter the cave. I saw you take the will from its hidihg place. You have it now-g-ive it to me." " Then ?On sent that----' " t Yes, srnt the letter, You see, my plans were esdy. I eoa'$ Iaind telli? onoa ae WI s aws r it It beg) s lt 8rw, I made sure that the letter would fetch you, and it has." "You scheming demon I" cried Reuben, maddened by the cool mockery of his E tormentor. ii "Yes, we've both schemed. I to gain my p rights, you to keep what was never yours. 8 But I schemed best. You are too much of a coward to be successful in what you do. Your nerves are of putty, mine of steel. t: There's the difference." Ishmael held him in the same steady grip, 14 never miming a single movement of his body. t "It wasn't a will I took," said Reuben. y "It was something which does not a affect you in the slightest degree. But I'll get you what you want. Come to me b in the morning and you shall have it." b "It wouldn't be convenient for me to c come in the morning," said Ishmael mock- f, ingly; "you see, I'm so much interested in those Lelant mines. Ever since you d were so anxious, through Squire Betallick, n to put five hundred pounds in them for me, a those mines have had a wonderful fascin- y ation," and he laughed a low, bitter laugh. d Reuben writhed as he heard this taunt. I The young man had seen through his every a movement. e "Besides," Ishmaselwent on," I've a very a strong desire to see what you took from the I cave, It must have a curious history, and ri as you say it does not affect me, there can be no possible objection." Reuben hesitated a minute, then he l said huskily- h " Very well, you shall see it." ri Ishmael loosened his grip somewhat then, and Reuben who had anticipated this, n made a sudden struggle, and slipped from his grasp. He made a wild leap forward, it and fled for life. A minute later he was hurled to the ground with terrible force. R "Very well,'" said lshmael; "since one t1 way will not succeed another must be ti tried." a With no gentle hand he tore the cost open, and took the packet away from the r prostrate man at his feet. He put it in his own pocket, and buttoned his coat carefully over it, while Reuben, who had b been stunned by the fall, rose slowly to his i] feet. By this time Ishmael was becoming ex- n cited. His eyes gleamed red, and his a hands quivered with passion. Every nerve v was highly strung. At last he was vic- t, toricus. Long years he had been waiting fi for this time, waiting, watching, and I scheming. Now that he had found the will the lands were his, and to him that meant h home, happiness, heaven I He felt that he h possessed a great treasure, and the man or b men who took it from him would have a terrible work before them. He no longer ie felt that he could mock Reuben; he d wanted to pour out his hatred in burning, k bitter words. b Still he retained command over himself, c and still watched the man he had so far t conquered. But the battle was not ended a yet. " Give that back," cried Reuben. "It V is not yours; it is mine." a " Prove it yours at a court of law, then." I " Yes, I will ; and if there is a lawin the b land you shall suffer for this, you thieving, e murdering- " tl " Words are cheap, names are cheap," ii said Ishmael. "I reel like calling you h names. You who have ruined my mother's b life and blighted mine. You who for five and-twenty years have grown fat on what has never belonged to you, you who have tried to ruin my prospects, my life, you who have embittered my heart, and made d the earth black. But never mind, the day of reckoning has come, and now we shall sea who will win. Perhaps when you lie b in a felon's cell, and your children are cursed by your evil deeds, you will know 6 that you made a bad bargain when you sold your soul to the devil in order to rob b a defenceless girl of her rights. Bat you'll suffer. Ton have suffered fir five and-twenty years and you will suffer to the h end." " And do you think you will not suffer too P' cried Reuben. " Do you think you will have all things in your way. If Isold h mysoulto the devil,haven'tyou Haven't you given yourself over to hate, and cruelty for revenge P Which is the worse, you or I I suffered for twenty-five years, you say; yes, and you will suffer as long as you fl live. If I've sown lies, you've sown hate, and God will make you reap hell, as he has k made me reap it." Reuben Penwithen seemed to forget g himself as he said this. For a minute nim eyes were opened to truth, and he saw ii things in a new light. Even Ishmael's5, heart quailed as he heard the words, h which no somehow felt were true. But only for a moment. "' I know nothing of your theology," he said; " it is not in my line. I'll get my rights, and risk all the rest. I'll get those a I love in the old house, and rejoice that yeu reap what you've sown in a telon's h cell, and after that on a--" "You never will ;" cried Reuben, a new light flashing in his eyes for a moment. " The thing you've taken from me is forged; it is as worthless as the paper on which it is written. Michael Penrose never made a will." Ishmael laughed. "I'll chance that, Reuben Penwithen; t and if I were you I would think a little before I made silly statements. You should have watched old Margery Goudge more closely. You should have listened to her converations with old Sally Grigg when she was dying. Death frightens people, it makes them tel." I " What do you mean P'" gasped Beuben. "Mean. I mean that Margery Goudge made a confession on her death-bed. Shea wrote on a piece of paper shortly before dying the truth about old Michael's will; she signed it with her own hand, and old Sally witnessed it. I've got that con fession, Beuben Penwithen. Do you think c I'd dare to match myself with you until 1 I was prepared For years i've been waiting tor this. I should have tried this means of getting the will before, only 1 knew you would bring up your forgery "'The confession is a forgery too 1" yelled Beuben, "the whole thing is rrumped up I" 1 We'll see," msaid Ishmael. "As t it happens, Sally is still living. Very weak, 'eris true but sensible, quite sensible. If 1 were a canting hypocrite like you, and went to Chapel like youdo, I should my that there was truth in that saying about the wheels of God grinding slowly, but grinding exceed ing small." During this time they had been standing face to face, each watcning the other, each trying to see the weakness in each other's armour, but at these last words of Ishmael Benben seemed to lose all control over him self, and made a frantic leap at the young man, and madly tried to wrest the will from him. As we have said, Reuben we a strong man, and had been trained in the art of wnrestling. Moreover, his strength at this time wan the strength of despair. If he could once get the will back agam, and burn it, there would be hope even yet. And so he struggled with a ghastly, unnatural strength. But he had aMathed himself with a man far stronger than himself. The looeelybuilt,- raw-boned, ungainly youth had grown to be as strohg a- a young giant Every physical feat that could be attempted during the years he hao attempted, every possible means of strengthening his body he had used, antil his sinews became like steel. Besides, if Beuben had some thing to struggle for, so had he; an so the battle proved u?dequal. Agilu the older man lay on the ground, an inert ma., while Ishmael stood over him, his great asts clenched. " No, Beuben Penwithen," he said, " you didn'e dnd John Frser to deal with this time, did you ? I'm not so easily thrown over a cliff. HaI ha "' and his mocking laugh made Penwithen's flesh creep. "It's a lie I" he cried in agony, feeling how elosely the net of his destruction was being rawa around him. "It's a lie " "'Then my eyes lied, I saw yon, but I didn't get igp soon iongl @ slop the deed. Oh, I've srog ca, and the world shall Sknow. AfeloIOsll Ah?,Irg t, it'llUbe the pllowe 1" "You can't prove It I Dead men can't spek ?"' " That's true, and Fraser's dead, isn't he f But people tell things before they die. As it happened, the cliff was far from perpendicular there, and his fall was broken. c So I rushed to the beach by a pathway t near, and found him bruised and battered." "Then he's not dead; thank God for 1 that I" " People don't fall that distance and live I long," replied Ishmael. "But I carried him to his home, and described on paper what you had done, and he wrote his name to it, t and it was witnessed, and not by me only." Reuben Penwithen rose to his feet slowly. t No longer was there wild passion in his eyes, but a look of sullen despair. An unnatural calm seemed torest upon him, and all desire for struggle was gone. " Very well, Ishmael," he said ; " you've done what you aimed to do. You've worked my destruction; you've ruined the lives of my children. I've done all I could, and you've conquered. I robbed Judith and deceived her, and Judith's son was reared for vengeance. Well, you've got it. Never mind; i've lived in hell, so will you. I've sinned for self and greed and pride, and afterwards for the love of my children; you have sinned in hatred and cruelty and revenge. You have won the battle; but you'll rue it." lshmael listened like one in a dream. It seemed as though a cold hand were laid on his heart as Reuben spoke, and he could not reply. "I'm going back to Penwithen," Reuben went on ; " I shall not inhabit it long, but I must go back now, You can do your worst; it doesn't matter, it's only a little while." He went away without speaking another word. Ishmael stood and watched him. By this time the sky had become clear, and the moon shone brightly. He walked like an old man. Sumetimes he reeled. Still, he made his way to the house where his child ren lay, and through the lands which he had sinned to obtain and to keep. Presently Ishmael gave a sigh. His joy now was not so great as he had expected, but there was a feeling of grim satisfaction in his heart. "At last, at last," he murmured, "and now it's all mine, all mine. How pleased mother will be, ay, and how pleased Grace will be. It shall be her home, her lands; together we will enjoy it. When I've finished this work I will find her, and then I shall be able to rest." Then he wandered away towards Coombs head, hugging to his body the words old Michael had written before he, Ishmael, was born. As for Reuben, he went back like one stunned. The sin of twenty-five years was discovered, and proved. Soon it would be known to the world, soon his name would be a by-word among the people, and his children despised and avoided. All his care to make his position was in vain now, all his aristocratic acquaintances would elose their doors against him. And he deserved it. Well, well, it would not be for long. After all, his only grief now was for his children. It was hard that they should suffer for him, but so it was. Oh, it had been a weary, weary struggle, and i; bad ended in defeat, terrible defeat, and disgrace. And suppose it had ended in victory, what then t Ah, the game was not worth the candle. He had been far happier, far better as Reuben Penwithen, of Carloggas, than as Reuben Penwithen, Esq., owner of Penwithen. Strange as it may seem, he scarcely re gretted that the will was taken from him. Cancealed guilt, with a constant fear of discovery, was but little better than dis covered guilt. All would be known soon, but he would not know what the world said. He was determined on that. He entered Penwithen House in the same stolid way, and, as if by Lstinct, turned towards the library, where he had brooded so many hours. He eat down in the old arm chair, and remained motionless for hours; then he rose up and, opening his desk, began to write. He rapiyly scribbled a dozen pages, then read them, as if he wanted to see whether he had ex pressed his thoughts correctly. When he had done this, he threw all he had written into the fire, and began again. This time he did not write so much, just a couple of pages of note-paper. "That will do," he said when he had finished. "I cannot confess my guilt to them, I can only warn them. They will know soon enough; he will gloat over their suffering, he will laugh at their dis grace." Calmly he folded the paper, and placed it in an envelope, which he carefully sealed. Then he wrote in a clear, steady hand: "For my boy Bertie, And my maid Grace. "To be read when I am gone. " May the Lord have mercy upon them and upon me. "' Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' " He placed the note inside the desk, but he did not lock it. "They will be sure to turn to it," he said. "And they will have no difficulty in guessing the rest." He sank back in his chair again, and began to brood. Evidently he was thinking deeply, and weighing some dread alterna tive, for spasms of pain often revealed themselves in his face, his hands twitched nervously. "Yes, it is best," he mused, presently, "it must be best. When I am dead, people will pity the children. 'Poor young things!' they will say,' they cannot help it.' If I live they will have more to bear. No, I will curs, them as little as I can. Besides, people often pity a criminal after he's hanged." He went to a cupboard and unlocked it, then he took from there an old pistol It was an antiquated weapon, but deadly not withstanding, and he looked at it calmly, curiously. After this he took a powder flask and a shot-bag from the cupboard. He carefully measured out the powder and emptied it into the barrel of the pistol, cautiously knocking the stock so that the powder might come back to the nipple. With a steady hand he rammed in the powder, and afterwards poured the shot into his hand. They were large-sized buckshot, and four of these he placed in the pistol, and pressed them down as coolly as if loading his gun for a day's shooting. Then he placed a cap on the nipple, pressing it carefully down with the cock of the pistol. "There," he said, "I think that's all ready; and as far as I know there's nothing to wait for." A far-away look came into his eyes, and his lips trembled. "And this is the end," he muttered, "the end of all my scheming, all my hopes, all my fears. Well, better this than to be hauled before the magistrates, and after that the judge, and have it proved against me that 1 have been a thief, a defrauder, a murderer. Yes, a good deal better. Well, 1a this be the end." He lifted the pistol in his hand. "What will it be afterwards P" he mut tered, "what, I wonder P Well, I shall soon know. No hell can be worse than the hell I've been in. Besides, it is my duty to the children ; the net is drawn around me, on ewry side, every side. Well-" He steted guiltily, for he heard a step outside tie door. He had forgotten that the night had passed and that the morning had come, and so did not know that the servants had entered the kitchen; but the noise arosed him. "Well, it's time enough, it's time enoug," he thought, as he put the pistol into his pocket; "time enough, but I'll keep it handy through the day. No doubt, he's it work, and soon they'll be here. Well, they'll not find much when they come; 1'll take care of that." Qoickly he locked the cupboard, and made the room tidy; then noislessly he went to his bedroom, and washed himself and brushed his clothes. This done, he seem.d to be fighting a great battle with himlf ; but the matter in his mind Waa po aMttled "TYe, I'll go down and meet them. I want them to think as kindly of me ae they oe," ke murmwned aa after a while, hearing voices in the diningEroom, he des cended, and there greeted Bertie cheer fully, and kissed Grace affectionately. Through the breakfast hour, too, he chatted pleasantly, although he constantly looked out of the window and towards the door, as though expecting visitors. After breakfast, he again went to the library, pleading that he had much to do, and there he sat throughout the day, listening, watching, and thinking. To his surprise, he had no callers. All went on as usual. His lunch was brought to the library, but the servants acted just as usual. Evidently nothing had reached their ears. Still, at every soundhe grasped his pistol, and then when he knew that no one had come, he would drop it again with a sigh of relief. "Life is very sweet, after all," he would murmur, "and I would like to live, and atone for the past, if only for the children's sake. But it cannot be. He can show no mercy; and so it's only a matter of hours, just a matter of hours." Presently the darkness came on, and still no sign of Ishmael, no sign of callers. It was not like him to be so tardy-what was the meaning of it ? Well, he would go out, and take a last look at the house and land. The moon shone clearly, and he could see better to-night. The clouds had gone, the night was frosty. lie went out into the night, and looked lovingly at the old grey walls, and at the old lashioned garden ; then, feeling stronger with the fresh air, he went.into the lane, and, as if impelled by an over-mastering impulse, he walked towards Tintagel. It was a long walk, but he reached the village at length, and entered the Boscastle road. " I can't help it," he said to himself, "I must go." He naurried along as though he had an im. portant engagement to keep, and by-and- by a look of delirium came into his eyes. Then he laughed a wild, frenzied laugh. '" Yes, we'll float together, float together side by side I And the waves will toss us, and the fish will eat us, and we shall be beaten against the rocks together." He had forgotten what Ishmael had said, for the time he was mad. Remorse, despair, had for the time unsettled his mind. He came to the spot where he and John Fraser htad struggled, where he found a pathway down the cliff. He stood on a rock, while the sea surged at his feet. dianding there alone, his frenzy left him, and he became sullen and remorseful again. "He's at work, at work," he thought; " very likely the police are at the house by now. Of course, it took some time for him to get the warrant. What'll the children say t Oh, it's hard to die I And yet I threw him over. He must have fallen just here." He fancied he heard voices on the heights above him, and the thought that came to his mind was that Ishmael and the police had followed him. " They shall never have me I" he cried, "never I" and he plunged into the sea. He sank into the deep waters, and the waves rolled over him, while the pale moon shone brightly, and the stars crept out one by one. To be Continued. 