AUSTRALASIAN ITEMS. ~-4-- ThE Minister for Mines, like 'other people (says the Melbourne Argus), is surprised to find so many men leaving Victoria to search for gold in the parched deserts of West Aus tralia when they might with even less enterprise find good gold in this colony, and plenty of water as well. Mr. Cosmo Newbery has just made an assay of quartz sent to the Mines De partment by a prospector recently des patched to Omeo by the Minister for Mines. This quartz yielded at the rate of 5oz 3dwt .5gr of gold and loz 15dwt 6gr of silver to the ton, and the ore was obtained from a reef vary ing from 2ft to 5ft in thickness, which was discovered outcropping. The same prospector discovered a second reef, the quartz from which gives a return of 15oz 13dwt 19gr of gold and 3oz silver to the ton. The mining authorities are confident that many rich.gold reefs remain to be discovered in this colony. It is somewhat singular (says the New Zealand .Herald) that while there is said to be a number of persons un employed in Dunedin not a single "tender.was received for several small contracts for the Matau and Inchclutha Drainage Board, for which tenders were invited by the Bruce County Council. The amount to be spent is between £500 and £700. • It is proposed to erect freezing works at Ballarat in connection with the meat export trade, but it appears that the intention of the Victorian Government to erect works at Port Melbourne is not clearly understood. Mr. Gummow, the secretary to the promoters of the Ballarat scheme, communicated with the secretary of Agriculture on Saturday, asking for an explanation of the intention of the Government with regard to Port Mel bourne. -What he wished to know was whether the Government intended to take the freezing of sheep and cattle out of the hands of private en terprise, or whether'it was only in tended to provide cool storage at Port Melbourne while the carcases awaited shipment. Mr. Martin replied that the Government intended only to assist pirivate enterprise by providing cool storaae Drior to shipment. A serious row occurred in a hotel at Cooigardie recently. Aminor employed at the mines was found by the manager drinking, leaving the mine open to be jumped. The manager ordered the man to go to work, when the latter threatened to shoot his employer, and levelled his revolver at him. He was knooked down and seoured on a charge of threatening to shoot his employer. The Victorian Ministor for Lands will start upon a tour around the village settlements next Thursday. He will leave Melbourne by a morning train and first visit the Afflick Robort son Settlement at Bullarto in the Trontham forest, afterwards inspecting in turn the other settlements. It is expected that at least three ,days will be occupied on the journey, which is naturally an extensive one. The Victorian Premier has rooeived a cablegram from Mr. Robert Roid atating that he had been informed by the Impeoial Postmaster-General that the question of extending the mail contract with the P. and O. and Orient Companies had been referred to a committee on which the colonies would be represented. The annual report of the Recorder of Titles in Tasmania for 1893 has boon issued. The receipts in the Lands Titles OffIce amounted to £3182 Os 10d, and the expenditure to £2728 18s 3d, thus leaving a. surplus of' ,£453 2s d, . A telegram from Rookhampton ,(Q.) states that Mr. Pound, the Govern. ment bacteriologist, has plronounood a kanaka, David Silioe, who was lately a patient in the Port Curtis Hospital, but who is now isolated in the grounds of the reception-house to be a loper. He has also examined an islander named David Miller, and haspro nounced him to be a loper also. The Victorian Ministers gonorally consider that the revenue returns for the last throe months are eatisf?ctory. The upward grade which the Customs revenue assumed some months ago is still maintained. Last month the sum collected amounted to £171,048, including £14,977 from the sale of beer and stamps for oxciso. The drawback repayments amounted to K' .£89,13, leaving a not rovouno of £168,000. This is £3000 in excess of the not revenue for March last yoar, though it is nearly £12,000 loss than the net revenue of February last. Christchurch (N.Z.) has a "ghost" some just now, Inspector Broham has issued special instructions to the detective force and police, that every legitimate means be used and in quries instituted to prove the truth or osherwiso of the assertions which are now being freely ciroulated regarding the matter, Messrs. D. F. Driseoll and W. A. Jones, the former well.known in Now castle, arrived in Adelaide by the Australion from Perth on Sunday, and exhibited over 241b of gold, dug out by them with knivos in a gull, at ]Kurnalpi. Thoro are only 13 piecos of gold, and the largest weighs D70s, Mr. Driscoll strongly advisos no one to go to the field without capital. At a North Canterbury NZ.) town, ship recently a young lady refused a dance with' a gentleman simply on the ground that he was not a prohibi tionist. A proposal Is on foot to start a Maori Club at Wollington (N.Z,) for natives and their wives and families to stay at when visiting the Bmplro Ulty. The revenue returns for Now Zeo land have not yet been completed, but hlhe surplus is expected to be about .£200,000, The Chriatohurch (N,Z.) .Pross learns that the dirootors of one of the largost brewing companies there have passed a resolution to the effect that with a view to encourage hotelkeepers to abstain from Sunday trading and supplying liquor after legal hours the company will reduce the rents on all hotels of which the company is the' freeholder, such reduction to be one seventh of the reserved rent and to be allowed quarterly as a bonus, on the company being satisfied that the tenant has strictly complied with the lotter and spirit of the Licensing Acts in respect of the above matters. The net arrivals at Premantle from ports outside Western Australia during the past quarter numbered 9318. The Mayor and town clerk of Perth (W.A.) have been cited to appearbe fore the Supreme Court to show cause why they should not be committed for contempt of court in having caused the ejeatment of a bailiff who had been placed in possession at tie Town Tlall by the ofioial receiver. 