THE PHANTOM HORSEMIAN. a A TALE OF TASMANIA. By C.R.G. There are more things in heaven and earth; Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philo sophy.-Shakspeare. I may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never had, any belief in thoe superaatural. Spirits-unless in a liquid state-I reckon but the myths of theenpersattione; spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug, and the so-called supernatural appearances and extraordinary ,'manifesta tions" of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought.readers, et hoe genus onrne, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into solientafc lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I would as lief sleep in a church yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb. stone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of his prison house. SBut I am, of course, open to convic tton. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just so soon as they' will consent to give over such schoolboy pranks. as rap. ping table' legs, clashing musical instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do sometling useful to humanity, such, for in stance, as to give a bard-np pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost might be made extremely useful in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold would, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardies. Fancy being able, by spirit express, to give a couple of comma of illustrated description of the wreck eof the Alert half anhour after-or for the matter of that, half an hour before-it happened, with a full list of the men's names and their photographs ! Or, to give the full scores of our boys' cricket matches in England before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of which theyhaveonly contrived hitherto tomakethem. selves extremely ridiculous and untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my wmnings to found a " Spirits' Retreat" somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with chares, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their reoreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The Stime was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, andmy only thought was to get. home 'to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards from a country honse known as " The lend" (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to a ; hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended-each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder succeededeachotherwith startlingand deafen ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals of a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath-so narrow that'in galloping along my feet brshedd against the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was noroomfor even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six months that anybody over rode along the path; it was Imerely intended for fo6t passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half. way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me anotherhorseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the Vlaco to which I was making. The lightning s flash enabled me to see everything clearly. The rsuan was monntedon a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped roundhis throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not be cause of any superstitious fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steed, and knew that under the cir cumstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at. a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling up ourhorses. We were as certain to run into each otheras the Camperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the chock. A couple of seconida suspense and nothing happening, I opened themagain. Another flash of lightning cams, and lo I my horseman had disappeared, and I could see right up the straight lane to the white gate at the end. pulled up, turned round and at the next flash looked back whence I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields oneither side of the gorso hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewildermnent. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, as no one had celled since I left five hours previously. and the gate was, as nusual, seeurely padlockod fbor the lane was a private one and "no thoroughfare" to the generalpublio. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. 