GOSSIP. Melbourne Gossip. By Lynette. August 27. We are having real daffodil weather — harsh north-easterly winds, a bright blue sky flecked with black and grey clouds, sudden gusts of hail and rain, then sunshine again. Dost thou like the picture ? It is the fac-simile of the English March when the daffodils are born. The roar ing moon of daffodils and crocus," as Tennyson has it. Personally speaking, I do not lose my self- possession when confronted, with a daffodil, or, for that matter, a whole bed of them ; but one must assume a virtue if they have it not. Everyone in Melbourne is talking and wearing daffodils. Besides, his Excellency the Governor epened the show to which they gave their name on Thursday. The Governor was accompanied by his eldest son, a handsome little fellow, disguised in one of those inartistic sailor suits that would mar the beauty of a cherub. Mr. Snowden, the Mayor of Melbourne, and the "daffodil committee," a grizzly, unflowery group of gentlemen, escorted Lord Hopetoun on his rounds, and finally presented him with a bouquet like to the planet Mars for Lady Hopetoun'e acceptance. The show was held in the Town Hall, which for the two days the flowers were on view was crowded with visitors. I believe the best way to see daffodils is to get a bird's eye view of them from a balcony or other elevated position. If you are an enthusiast of course a pot containing a single plant will satisfy your physical and spiritual needs. You just sit down opposite it and gaze upon the Greek simpli city of its outline, and the delicate gradations of the two colours yellow and green. Now pretty daffodilla is come to town, With her yellowXpetticoat and her green gown, says an old English song. Mr. George Titheridge, the well- known actor (who, I believe, was like to die because snails had got to his daffodils whilst he was in Sydney), gave a lecture on the reigning flower during the progress of the show. Besides the bulb family there were the wild- flower collec tions from Sydney and the table decorations. The former looked very dingy. Some of the bouquets were carpet-patterned, others were dressed like salads. I am sure their background of Turkey red was a bad one. But, as a naval officer once told a girl friend of mine when she had given him some suggestions on the armour-plating of warships, "It is only experts who can speak reliably on these matters." The fruit collection was surely the evolution of the citrus family. Lemons as small as pigeons' eggs, limes as big as they can be grown, were fine object lessons on what someone's garden can produce. The prize table decoration was of remarkable simplicity. Two scarfs of palest green Liberty silk crossed the table from corner to corner. Over these were strewn pansies and sprays of campanella. The centrepiece was of slender green glass holding a few daffodils. There were far more showy and elaborate decorations on other tables, but the idea of this was harmony and unobtrusiveness. A few days since I was shown an examination paper set for the girls of the Trinity College Hostel by the head master. Amongst a long list of names which follow the query, "Who are, and why, famous ?" occur those of Cecil Rhodes, Le Caron, Lobengula, Jabez Balfour, Coxey, and Mutso Hito. Another question was, ' Name the most famous wrecks on the Victorian coast' and 'All Shakespeare's plays in which ghosts appear.' The next set following the question ' What is the equipment of a fire brigade station' is, what are : The new humour, a hairy ainu, a Liberal, a salvage corps, the music of the future? The ' new humour ' might very justly be defined as ' papers of this sort.' As a test of general knowledge the paper is fairly extensive, and would puzzle many well-informed. ' grown ups.' The Rev. A. R. Edgar — clean-shaved, long coated, and clerical-looking— was haled before the brass rod known as ' the bar' of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday afternoon, to explain his reason for making alleged damaging state ments about Parliaments in general and the Victorian Parliament in particular. The reverend gentleman is reported to have said in a sermon. 'You have individuals in Parliament who are a disgrace to the community, men who are known to be liars and profligates.' Judging by the House's demeanour, it could not say with Hamlet, 'Our withers are unwrung.' Sir James Patterson considered the whole proceedings un necessary and absurd, and demanded that the House proceed with the next busi ness. But the majority were against him and demanded that Mr. Edgar be scraped to death with oyster shells, or killed in a hundred and fifty other different ways. They were so frighted that the spectators assumed the fire to be real. After sending him away once the Speaker had the culprit back, and allowed him to read his defence, which amounted to 'the report is not quite accurate.' With that Mr. Edgar was allowed to depart. Outside the Chamber he received the sympathy and congratulations of a number of ewe lambs of his flock who had awaited with intense anxiety their shepherd's escape from the ravening legislative wolves. I do not know a surer way for the small capita list to get rid of his last penny than to go chicken raising for the market. I know at least 20 instances where the experiment has been tried with failure. Yet a pamphlet just prepared by the Agricultural Department points out that poultry breeding and rearing can be made a very profitable undertaking with very little expense or labour. When poultry was almost unsaleable here, that dressed and sent to England realised 8s a pair for chickens and 10s for ducks. There is, it is stated, an unlimited market in England for our poultry, and our climate is admirably suited for the raising of it. As for the ' little expense and labour' view of the question, all those who have gone in for chicken-raising could unfold a different tale, and if I remember rightly it is only the poultry which reaches England in July that fetch the high prices just quoted. The last shipment did not realise an average of 4s a pair. Miss Ethel Haydon's concert was a great suc cess. The promising young singer has received a letter from Henry Irving (who years ago knew Miss Haydon's mother) promising his advice and assistance upon her arrival in London. Miss Amelia Banks, our favourite soprano, is ringing in Adelaide with great success. Miss Banks it the only singer we have who warbles 'Sing, Sweet Bird ' like a sweet bird— nay, like a whole aviary of sweet birds. She will be going to Sydney presently, when you can judge for yourselves. Miss Bristow (now Madame Lemann) has been offered an engagement to sing at a musical festival to he held in Wellington, New Zealand. Sir George Verdon, acting for the trustees of the National Gallery, has purchased Roberts's painting ' Interior of the Church of St. Anne at Bruges ' at a cost of £500. The picture, which was painted in 1850, is a large, elaborate work, in which the spectator is supposed to be standing at the entrance of the choir, and looking up through the screen to the high altar, which, like the rest of the architecture, is in the Renaissance style. The light streams through the screen, and falls on the altar. The floor of the choir is filled with worshippers. 