': r~. '._''' Memoranda. ' Chief Justice Way has just paid a visit to Governor Baffin Sydney (aays the Bulletin), but lest the taxpayer should complain of his absence from South Australia he arranged that neither of the Adelaide daily papers should make any allusion to it, : Last Peek's Bulletin contained a capital portrait of the Hon. C. C. fongston. , . When Governor Daly rnled in Adelaide be 'vainly ' attempted to persaade society, to receive the wife of a certain legal magnate, and On tine occasion when she was invited to Government house the high dames of Ade laide marched out in a body with their noses in the air. Because bis better half was sus pected of leading ' the revolt of woman,' in this instance the second Speaker of the South Australian Assembly, who has been in Parlia ment almost without intermission from '57 to the present day, goes through life with* out a title. Premier Kingston seeks to break down official prejudice in this regard, but so far has not been successful. — Bulletin. A Bulletin correspondent avers that at Terbwie a poor fellow on crutcheB got into a train -'with difficnltv. 'NVi winner *« he, seated than an official entered the carriage, insisted on the crutcheB being waybilled and paid for, holding that crutches were not passengers' lDggage. 'Autolycus' in the Mount Barker Courirr saya that if Sir John Downer had been in office Huddart, Parker & Co. would not have got the coal contract. The V:ctorian Government have accepted a tender for the supply of an icemaking plant, which is to be constructed on the carbonic anhydride system, which has proved so successful both in the colonies and in Europe. Writing on the victory of the Earl of Rosebery*s horse in the Derby, the Register ?aya:— 'The romantic element in yester day's contest was supplied by the announce' ment that Lord Rosebery relied upon it to complete the trinity of blessings whioh he had forecast aB an ambitions youth at school. He^K&dertook; to marry one of the richest beireiies in England— his wife was a Roths child. He vowed that be would become Prime Minister of Great Britain— he suc ceeded Mr. Gladstone. He declared that be wonld own a horse that should carry off the Derby— now Lades has won it, and Lord Bosebery is the proprietor of -Lades. The applauding roar of the enthusiastic witnesses of (the Premier's latest stroke of luck was probably the greatest volume of Bound which ever reverberated over the field of Epsom.' The average oost for each child educated in the public schools of South Australia last year was £3 14s. 5£d., a lower sum than for either Victoria, New South Wales, or Tasmania. New South Wales education bill last year amountedito £715,219 ; South Australia's to £126,724. jne numoer oi scnoiars on tne soutn Aus tralian school rolls last year was 56,302, .or an increase of 2,845, The average atten dance was 24,038, or a decrease of 1,330, due to the measles epidemic. A bomb from the Grenfell- street cannon to the Bimetallism camp:— 'If the people are told that by refraining from excessive speculation and borrowing, by securing their country as far as possible againBt the effects of droughts, by adjusting) amicably the in dustrial relations of the community, and by turning their attention more to those articles of export which eommacd fair prices, and lesstothoBe which are plainly affected by excessive prodoction, the effects of the present depression may be overcome, they will probably strain every nerve to restore pros perity to their country through these prosaic but common8ense methods. But as soon as they are induced to believe that all their efforts will be of no avail unless some inter national agreement be arrived at for affixing a fictitious value to a certain metal their efforts in these other directions will be paralysed, and they will sink into a condi tion of helplessness resembling that of a child crying for the moon.' The Register remarks that Sir George Dibbs, the New South Wales Premier, seems to thrive upon no-confidence motions like Undertakers flourish in epidemics. ' Lounger's ' contribution this week con tains some charming definitions of Parlia mentary terms. Here are a few : — The Governor — A mechanical contrivance for opening and shutting Parliament ; also a political safety valve and a social ornament. It is easily worked. Put a salary in the slot and you get all you want. Premier — The Parliamentary Bobs. Minister — An Aunt Sally during question time. Opposition — ' Onta ' who have been, and still wonld go. to the Treasury bench. Independent Country Party — Neuter gender. Sticks that cannot be easily bonnd together, too green to fire into enthusiasm. Private Member — A party all to himself, whose chief delight it is to read sermons on Wed nesday afternoons. Hansard — A Parlia mentary cemetery whence arise ghosts to haunt traitors. Orator — The member who never allows his imagination to suffer for his facts. Reporters — The scribes who make the speech after the orator sits down. Preas —The newspapers that make the speaker and are acquainted with all the varying modes of ingratitude. Taxpa yer — The viotim of Parliamentary jokes, for which he pays at the rate of about £500 a sitting. 