AT MAMBTTAtm. j BY GRANT AlXEN, Awthor of “ Thia Mortal Coil,’* “ Blood Royal,*'* “The Stilly wag.” “ Chambers's Journal.” CHAPTER IV—Fraternal Amenities. The season was waning towards its latter end; Mrs Heeslegrare and Kathleen were on the ere of flight for thtir roaular round of antumn visits in the country, before returning to their winter quarters in Venice. These autumn visits were half friendly, half pro fessional. It was one of the griefs of Mrs Hesslegrave’s life, indeed, that Kathleen's voca tion as an artist compelled her to do ’and to suffer many things which in her mother’s eves were undignified, end almost unlady • like. Foremost amongst them was the neoessity, when visiting in the oountry, for carrying her port folio of sketches along with her; for Kathleen’s success was merely- a private and local one; she depended largely for selling her pictores .upon the friendly - appreciation of her own acqnaiutanoes. It is true, being a timid and retiring girl, she never thrust her work inoontinently upon her hosts on the contrary, ahq was nervously shy abont anything that looked like self-advertisement or pushing. Still, tiie fact remained that unless she went a round of country visits in the antnmn, she would never have sold most of her pictures at all; and this fact, whioh gave Kath leen herself no small shrinkings of natural delioacy, covered Mrs Hesalegrave in a very different way with shame and humiliation. For to Mrs Hesslegrave, it was a painful and disgraceful thing that people should know her daughter had to work lor her living at all; in mm young days, she was wont to say severely, young Mdies used.tojyfe£^l°r ^Vhen. irrr'sbe said It, with a disapproving toss of the dainty ooffee - colored Honiton head-dress, Kathleen had somehow an unpleasant feeling in the background of her heart that it was really very wrong of her to he eo badly off, and that if only she had inherited the feelings and manners of a perfect lady, she wonld have managed to be bom with five thousand a year, and nothing to do for it. Though, to be sure, if she hadn't so managed, after all, it might with Borne Bho w of reason be urged in extenua tion that the fault lay rather at the door of that impeccable Mrs Hesslegrave herself, and the late lamented General of Artillery, her husband, who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kathleen into tho world with no better en dowment than just a pair of pretty white hands, and an artistio faculty for deftly employing them in the production of beautiful aud pleasing images. Ou this particular evening, however, Kath leen was tired with packing ; her hoad ached slightly ; aud she was anxious to be kept as un-. disturbed as possible. Therefore, of course, her brother Beginald had cboseu it as the aptest moment to drop in towards the dinner hour for a farewell visit to his mother and sister. Regi nald was twenty, with a faint’black line oh his upper lip—which he called a moustache—snd be was a child entirely after Mrs IXeaslegrave’s own heart: in his mother's eyes, indeed, a con sammategentleman. To be sure thejpoor boy had the misfortune to l>o engaged in an office in the City—a most painful position ; MrsHessle grave’e narrow means had hover allowed her to send him to Sandhurst or Woolwich and get him a commission in the army—but that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie's ill luck; and Reggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of his ability the tone and manner of military circles, as far as was compatible with the strict routine of a stockbroker’s office. If collars and cuffs and the lateBt thing out in octagon ties constitute the real criterion of the gentle lifo (os is the 11 naive” belief of so large a fraction of the city), then was Reginald Hesslegrave indeed a gentleman. What though he subsisted in great Eart on poor Kathleen's earnings, and pocketed er hard won cash to supplement bis own narrow salary, with scarcely so much as a thank you—one doesn’t like to seem beholden to n woman in these matters, you know—yet was the cut of his coats a marvel to Adam’s Court, and the pattern of his sleeve links a thing to be observed by tbe stipendiary youth of Thread needle Street and Lothbury. Reginald flung himself down in tbe big easy chair by the bow window with the air of a man who drops in for a moment to counsel, advise, assist, and overlook his womankind—in short with all the dignity of the head of the family. He was annoyed that “ his people” were leaving town; leave they must, sooner or iatar, of course; if they didn’t; bow conld Kath leen ever dispose of those precious daubs of hers?—for, though Reginald, pocketed poor Kathleen’s sovereigns with the utmost calm of a great spirit, he always affected profoundly to despise the dubious aft that produced them. Still, the actual moment of his people's going was" always & disagreeable one to Reginald Hesslegrave. As long as his mother and Kitty stopped on in town, he had Bome wheie respectable to spend his evenings, if he wished to; somewhere presentable to which he could bring other fellows at no expense to himself; and, that, don’t yon know, is always a consideration ! As soon as they were gone, there was nothing for ti bat the club; and at the club, that sordid place, they make a man pay himself for whatever he con sumes, and whatever he offers in solid or liquid hospitality to other fellows. So no matter now late mother and Kitty stayed in town, it made Reggie cross all the Batne, when the day came or their departure. “How badly you do up your hack hair, Kitty !” Reggie observed with a sweet smile of provocation, after a few other' critical remarks upon bis sister’s appearance. “ Von put no Btvle into it. You ought just to look at Mrs Algy Redbum’s hair ! There’s art if you like. She doss it in a bun. Sho knows how to dress it. It's a model for a Duchess..” " Mr* Algy Rodburn keeps a maid, no doubt,” his sister answered, leaning baok in her chair a little wearily, for she was worn out with packing. “ So tho credit of her ban, be longs, of conns to the maid who dresses it.” “ She keeps a maid!” Reggio went on with his hands on his haunches in an argumentative attitude. “Why, certainly she keeps a maid. What else would you expect? Every lady keeps a maid. It’s a simple necessity. And you ought to keep a maid, too. No woman can be dressed as a lady should dreBB, if she doesn’t keep a maid- The thing's impossible ” And ke snapped his month to like a patent rat-trap.” " Then I must be content to dress otherwise than as a lady should,” Kathleen responded -quietly; “ for I can’t afford a maid—and to tell fou the truth, Reggie, I reallydon't know that should cue to have one.” “ Can’t afford 1” Reggie repeated with a derisive accent of profound scorn. “ That's what yon always say. I hate to hear you say it. The phrase is unlady- like. If you can't afford any thing yon ought to de able to afford it. How do I afford things ? I dress like a gentleman. You never see hb ill-tailored or ill groomed, or doing withont anything a gentle man ought to have. How do I afford it I” Kathleen had it on the tip of her tongue to give back the plain aud true retort, “ Why, by making your iiaterseam the money to keep you;” hat native- kindliness and womanly feeling restrained her from saying so. Bo she only replied: “ I’m sure 1 don’t know, my dear: I often wonder, for,I can't afford it, and I oun more lliea you Co.** . Reggie vyineed a little at that.' It was mean of Kitty so to twit him with his poverty. She was' always flinging Mb want or ready-money in his faoe—as though want of money (when yon spend every penny that fate allows you— and a little more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman! Buthecontinued nonetheless in the same lordly strain: “Yon dress;badly.; that’s the fact of -ic. No woman should speed lees than three hundred a year on her own wardrobe. It can’t be done for one shilling under that. She ought to spend it.” “ Not if she hasn’tgotit,” Kathleen answered “ Whether she’s got it or not,” Reggie re sponded at once, with profound contempt tor each unlady-1 ike morality. “Look at Mrs Algy Redburn ! How does she do, I’d like to know? Everybody’s well aware Algy hasn’t got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yet who do yon see dressed in the Park liko his wife ? Bach bonnets 1 Such coats! Such a bun! There’s a model for you !” . “ But Mrs Algy Redburn will some day be Lady Axminster,” Kathleen answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingency had really nothing at all to do with the rights and wrongs of .the question. “ And I will not.” (Which was also- to some extent an unwarrantable assumption.) - Reggie flashed his cuffs, and regarded them with last pride.. “ That’s no matter.” he answea curtly. “ Every lady, is a lady, and shoidddress liks a lady, no matter what’s her ineomo. 'And eke- can’t do that under threo hundred a year. You take my word for it.” Kathleen was too tired to keep up the dis pute. So she answered nothing. But Reggie had come round to his sister’s that night in the familiar masculine teasing humor. Ha wasn't going to be baulked of his sport so easily. 'Twos as good as ratting, at half the coat, and almoBt equal to badger drawing. So he went on 'after a minute: “A man doesn’t need so mneh. His'wants are simpler. I think I can dress like a gentlemen myself— on two hundred and fifty;” “ As your salary’s eighty,” Kathleen put id, | resignedly, with one hand on her aching head, I 441 don’t quite know myself, whore the re I mainder’sto come from.” ^ Reggie parried the question. 4< Oh, I*m care fill,” he went on, 11 very careful, you know, Kitty. I make it a rule never to wabtk my money, I buy judiciously. Look at linen for example. Liuen’e a very important item. I require a fresh shirt, of course, every morning. Even you will admit1’ (he spoke with acerbity, aa though Kathleen were a sort of acknowledged social Pariah).—“ oven YOU will admit that a supply of clean linen is a necessary adjunct to a •ratleman’sappearance. Well, howdoyouthink now I manage about my cuffs ? I’ll tell you what I do atxmt them. There are fellows at our place, if you’ll believe it, who wear movable cuffs—cuffs, don’t you know, that come on and off the same as a collar does: nasty, separate shirt cuffs. I don’t call such things gentle manly. The fellows that wear them take them off when they come to the office, and slip them on again over their hands when they have to run across with a client to the Houbg—that’s • what we call the Stock Exchange—or when they 1 go out for luncheon. Well, I don’t like such ways myself. I hate and dotest all shams and subterfuges. I wouldn’t wear a cuff unless it was part and parcel of my shirt. So I’ve in vented a dodge.to keep them clean from morn ing till evening. ' As soon as I go into the office, I just cut a piece of white foolscap the exact size of my cuffs ; I double it hack, so, over j the edge of the sleeve: I pass it under again this way. Then, while I stop in the office, I keep the cover on ; and it looks pretty much the same as the linen. That prevents blacks and smuts from settling on the cuff, and keeps the wear and tear and bo forth f om hurting the material. But when I go oat, I just slip the paper off, bo !—and there 1 am, you see, with spotless linen, like a gentleman!” And he de monstrated triumphantly. “ A most ingeiuous^qodge 1 ” Kathleen an "Tr'Sea7it’a"caiefui of me,” Reggie went on; “ Pm naturally careful. And by suoh strict bits of economy, I expect in the end—to keep down my expenditure on dress to two hundred end fifty.” Kathleen smiled very faintly. “ You don’t think a fellow can do it on less, do you ?” Reggie continued once more in an argumentative spirit. “ Yes I do,” Kathleen replied. “ I certainly think so. And if he’s a man and can’t afford to spend so much, I think be should be ashamed of himself for talking such nonsense.” “ Well, hut look here, yon know,” Reggie began, “ what's a man to do ! You just think of it this way ! First, he must have a dress suit, onceayearof course; you'lladmit that’s a necessity. Gloves and white ties—those he needs for evening. Then a frock coat and waistcoat, with trousers to match ; and a black cutaway lot for afternoon tea: and two suits of dittos for country wear: and a tweed with knickerbockers for Bhooting and so forth : and a tennis coat, and boating flannels, and-” “ Oh, don’t, Reggie!” his sister cried, shrink ing away and olapping her bands to her aching head. “ Yon comb my brain ! I’m too tired to argue with you.” “ That’s just it,’’Reggie continued, delighted. “You live' in wretched lodgings, with no proper food—your cook’s atrocious : and you work till you drop at your beastly’painting; and you tire yourself out with packing your own boxes, instead of keeping a maid, who’d do it all like a shot for you ; and what’s the conse quence P Why, you’re unfit for society! When a fellow comes round to pay you a visit after a hard day’s work, and expects a little re laxation and stimulating talk with the ladies of his family—he findsyou worn out’ a mere boilsd rag: while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat—oh, dear me, no! not the ghost of an idea of it.” Kathleen’s patience was exhausted. “.M dear boy,” ehe said, half angrily, “ I havb to work to keep myself alive, and you too, into the bargain. And if you expect mo to supply you with two hundred a year to spend upon your wardrobe,' why, you must at least consent to give up the pleasure of music in the even What Reginald might have answered to this unexpected attack remains an unknown fact in the history of the universe; for just at that minute the neat-capped little waiting-maid of the Kensington lodgings opened the door with a flourish and announced, “ Mr Morti mer !” The young American entered with undis guised alacrity, and gazed delighted around the room. “ Mrs HeBBlegrave is out, I hear,” he began with meaning, as he took Kathleen’s hand. Then he started a little in snrprise as Reginald roBe from the chair where he had been sitting, unseen. “ But your brother's here,” he added in a disappointed after-thought, whose distinct tone of regret must need, have .trade anybody lees eelf-centred and self-satisfied than the stockbroker’s assistant. \ “ Yea, I dropped ronnd to say good-bye to my people tonight,” Reggie auswered with a drawl, caressing that bndding black line of his upper lip with all a hobbledehoy^ affeotion. “ They’re off on a ronnd of visits to the country just now. Hard lines on me! I shall be left all alone by myself in London.” 