THE YOUNG FOLKS. Two-tailed Timothy. A Fa?ci?trL Sronr. Timothy was a lizard with two-tails. They had the appearance of a fork; and, because no other lizards who lived along the castle wall could boast of more than one tail, Timothy was exceedingly proud of himself. He could notrun any faster than his com panions, or catch flies in a more elegant way, but because of his'tails 'he gave himself such airs that really it was almost past endurance. The lizards who lived in the ivy on the wall grew tired of Two-tailed Timothy. As a curiosity he was all very well, and stuffed and put in a museum he would have been delight ful; but as it was they found Timothy, with his airs and graces, rather too much for their nerves. One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a birthday party on the sunny side of the wall, and everybody who was in society went to it, including Timothy. At this party the lizards, nimble as they were, got caught; about half-a dozen escaped, but the rest were captured in a net by two English boys who had been prowling about the old wall for some time. Some of the lizards were so frightened that their tails dropped off. The boys examined their unfortunate cap tives, and one of them cried with astonish ment: "Look at that fellow, Jack: why, if he hasn't got two tails! We'll keep him, won't we?" "So he has !" exclaimed the other boy; " that's a queer thing! And look here, Fred, this one's a fnlue one: let's keep the two and throw the others away." "All right," said Jack; and away went the rest of the lizards, some with tails and some without, but all delighted to get off any. how. Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put in a kind of cage which the boys constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves. The Patriarch wept because he felt that it was hard, at his time of life, to be caught by a couple of boys ; and Timothy pined for the joys of liberty, the sunny wall. and the juicy flies that were no longer within reach of a snap. Alas ! his tails had been his undoing. Without them he might have passed unnoticed, and been again a free and happy lizard. The Patriarch was fond of lecturing young people, and telling them what he did at their age, but, as the juvenile lizards could run faster than he could, it was not often that he could make them attend to him. But now there wasTimothy at hand, and the wretched Timothvcould not escape. The Patriarch talked and talked to such pur pose that at the end of two days Timothy was positively limp, without energy enough left to snap upa fly. The boys said he wassulky, and ried to make him lively by poking him with bits of stick, which did not, however, have the desired effect. Timothy sat all day long in a corner of the cage, and even his cherished tails ceased to give him the slightest pleasure. At last the Patriarch, who had been poking aboutthe premises by way of amusing himself, took pity upon his dejected fellow- sufferer. He went briskly up to him as he sat in his corner and gave him a good thump. " You ought to be ashamed to sit moping there, a young fellow like you!" cried the old gentleman. " Getaway!" said Timothy sulkily. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself," pro eeded thePatriarch, "when there is a hole at the back of the cage that a thin lizard-mark me a thin slenderlizard-might crawl through at a pinch." " What !" cried Timothy, springing up, " a hole ? Did you say a hole ?" " I did mention the word hole," replied the Patriarch, marching off ; " it is a hole that's of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will give it to you. You can get through, unless those ridiculous tails stop you." Timothy's heart fell when he discovered how extremely small was the hole in question; yet a desperate longing for liberty took possession of him. He went to his companion and told his difficulty; his tails were in the way. " Bite them off, then!" returned the Patri. arch, with cruel calmness. Timothy shivered ; never could he adopt such a terrible remedy, and he timidly asked whether there were no other way. "Well, there is one other method,'" ad mitted the Patriarch. "Supposing you could be well frightened, your tails-perhaps one, perhaps both-might drop off. You recollect what happened to our friends the day we were caught ?" Yes, Timothy, with a thrill of hope, remem bered the loose, wriggling tails; and he sat down meekly by the Patriarch, and asked him to be so good as to frighten him well. " I don't mind trying," answered thelatter, kindly; and he began to relate the most start ling tales he could think of, while Timothy tried as hard as he could to be frightened. The Patriarch talked and talked, but the lizard's tails showed no signs of alarm; they were most hardened, obstinate tails ! Then the dusk fell, and the Patriarch took. to ghost stories. His voice got lower and lower, and drowsier and drowsier, the old gentleman seemed dropping off.to sleep. ' "And so the- four-and-twenty white.saheeted figures went one by one out of the barn," he mumbled; "and the last one-turned-round and-said- Bo !" This the Patriarchpositively shouted, making a sudden spring at Tiniothy with gleaming eyes. The young lizard. Was so taken by sear prise that he jumped upin the air,.and, joy, joy! his tails dropped off! "Ah!" said his compauion, "I thonghtI should manage to frighten yousomahow. Now be off, my young friend, and mind you recol lect all the good advice I have given you." Timothy scampered to the hole, squeezed himself throgh; then away he went, a free, though taille.ss,liza." In course of time his tails grew again, and even longer and more elegantly taper than before; whereat Timothy rejoiced exceedingly, but was kept humble by the remembrance of his former calamity. He lived to a good old age, and was always re garded by everybody as one of the curiosdities of the neighborhood.-SnEar_, in "' Little Folks." 