SOME STRANGE STORIES. The Read and the Living. Authentic Tales of Ghosts. Those of ns who stumble at belief in tho supernatural may find it easier to discuss mysteries when tho term super-material is used. Those who are not ashamed to acknowledge that inexplicable ttings do rf u vtutiii .uiiitn cu i \i nttu a uuui host. The writer of this papo'r (Miss Alice Quarry iu the Abgosy), will relate nothing herein that is not true aud absolutely worthy of trust, within personal experience, or that of well-known and excellent friends. A clover divine was,- for many years, rector of a country parish, and built, for his own convenience, a handsome parsonage, fitted up therein a Horary, replete with every literary luxury, and rich in comfort able appliances. Here he, for the most part, iived for a long period, and within those four delightful, walls were written the books and, pam phlets which eventually raised . him- to the dignity of a bifdiop. A uew and more stately house becanfe his huppy homo again, . while the parish he had vacated fell into the hands of another. Some years passed. - The new vicar oi tne country parisn was one day writing his sermon within' the closed doors of tho bishop's old library," now more modestly called " the study." He was disturbed- by hearing a hoarse, distressed, voice exclaim ing, "Mary! -Mary 1" The 'speaker seemed at his elbow, yet the room-had no Beooud ' occupant ; , and- the 'double doors , shut off - extraneous V noises. As he looked . about, . in. surprise the call for " Mary 1 Mary 1" came more urgently still. He foso. and went to the window. . The sun, 'was : shining. . Ail was quiet without. No .one was iuisight. He resumed his work. -It did not progress, however. He had hardly, taken tip his pen when be laid it doiyn agaiti... Drip, drip, drip, as of some liquid' 'slowly, .flowing, disturbed him now. ..." Rain '.drop-' ping off the eaves, and 'I thought it had been fine all the morning !", he muttered, again going to the window. His impression had been correct.. . The. day was"- glorious, and -lie could, not discover - whence or where the dropping came from.: .-Yet he distinctly heard this ' drip, drip, "drip; ' A little later he learned ' tltit, at this sauio hour, on this very day, his predecessor had committed suicide, under the .stress of aomo sudden brain-pressure ; . that ho hud hoarsely called his wife. Mary) and that' she, alas ! had hot come , "to his . assistance until the life-blood had drip-dripped, away; This most strange occurrence wbb related direct to the narrator- by the person to whom it occurred. . : There is a lonely, lovely, darkly shadowed lake in Ireland called Lough Derg, famous alike for good fishing and -sudden squalls. My friend went to spend a fortnight with an aunt, whose house was neat- the wa:er.: H4r rector lived on the opposito shore. They were all at lunch one- wild" October , day, when the lady looking" up- from" her plate suddenly exclaimed, - "Why, > there are the C. boys coming -.up the drive ! what a day'for them to venture across the lake ; and we have eaten up everything;!" She left the table, and went to the kitchen to order the hasty preparation of- some fresh dish for the coming guests." Her daughter aud nephew crossed theyroom, -stood at the window, watching the young men approaching, and com menting upon the habit the cider youth had of swinging his arm as .'he walked. \ My Mend then went and opened the hall door to admit these frequent guests, that there might be no delay iu their:eritratico on such a blustering day, tlie 'servants biting occupied with their mistress, " " who at this moment came forward from the back of the ' house. ... " Well where are they J" site inquired,, going to the door. "Not here! ', Ob,' I know .their tricks 1 They. are. hiding, round, ths corner just to make us bunt aud feel foolish. Thoy are a pair of scamps !" .But they were hot round the corner,, nor visible any longer in any direction. The home party had filially to conclude that their young friends had changed their minds and given up the pur posed visit for some other expedition. How ever, in a oouple of hours tliey were horrified to hear of a terrible boat accident, Tho rector's sons had boon Growing tnem- selves across tne lake, intending to lunch with their friends, when a sudden squall overturned their boat, and both', were drowned. There is an old town in Ireland still sur rounded with walls. It is rioted as the centre ..of a rebellious district. ' .It was also in ancient days a favorite spot for concealing .Bntuggled goods, being intersected with Beoret passages and. underground . rooms. Ruined castles and modern abbeys, monasteries and convents abound. It is perhaps as well to malto this statement, although it htm, so far' as wo, the leading actors:, in the matter, arc aware, nothing to do with the 'story. One of our. home party was ordained, and became -the ourato of a rich and kind old rector here. A local banker formerly: had this house,, but was shot dead on. his own door- stop in the midst of a Fenian outbreak. Haying been nearly a month in residence the curate . called one . day . at the polica station to ask' that some patrol-, ling ehould.be done outside : bis, dwel-. ling, as . runaway, knooks annoyed the servant at night. " All -right, sir. I'll look after them boys," was ths. cheerful response. " Meeting the constables a few days later, however, the curate reproached them. "1 really wish you would come our way sometimes at night," he -said. - " ,We are quite tormented. -The- annoyance goes oh up to neur midnight.". The sergeant stared. "Wny, sir,", he suid, "my men have been ubout every evening since, and have seen no one. To-night I will put one of them indoors, .if you like." With two outside we are sure to catch them.," They did not, however, alt hough the knock- iug was kept up vigorously. The knocking soon changed its - venue, us well as its character. Four bedrooms opened off a small landing; Borne frightened person merited to be within, one or another - of the rooms, usually within one occupied by the curate's sister and "the youug domestic, who refused to remain -under present circumstances if . compelled . to sleep alone. The knocking began now on tho door with a ' - tone as of one anxious to get oiit. The urgenoy and sound of the entreating knocks increased until the noiBe seemed created by an iron hammer, vigorously Ubed. On opening the door no cause could be discovered, F.fioen persons were assembled ono night endeavoring to catch the ghost by systematic search, but all in vain. Tills disturbance would go on until two and three o'clock on some occasions. Soft footsteps were also heard pattering up ana down the short, steep stairs, down which also tumbled ut intervals cart-loads as of in visible coal or stones, - A young policemau fled from the house one night in pallid terror, declining ever again to seek to nn> earth unearthly enemies. Through 'it all the young curate and his;' 'sister endeavored to keep a brave heart, oven going. so far as to hold a service within the walla to exor cise the spirits, if spirits thoy "-were. Ho wrote to his predecessor in office', and learned from him that the house had be'on eo uncanny that it was quite too much for him and his wife. They had left the place as soon as possible,' While this went on the old rector came down one day on a tour of inspection, certain that he could-traek the ghost. He could not, but advised the curate to make his sister change , her bed room ; as within her present apartment lie had - visited a former tenant dying a vcty terrible doath. This advice was taken, and undoubtedly when this particular chamber was vacated the disturbances . abated, although' the house was never <as other houses. ' : 