American Eloquence. £l man on nis trial tor murder, m Kew York, was successfully defended by his coun sel in the following grandiloquent speech : — Gentlemen of the jury, ' Thou sbalt not kill.' Now, if you haDg ray client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client haviug killed a man. No such thins, gentle men. You may bring the prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty — but will that excuse you? No; in that ca»e you will be murderers. Wbo among you is pre pared for tbe brand of Cain to be stamped on bis brow to-day ? — who, freemen ? — who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will_ pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with tbe fumes of oi^ars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my unfortunate client and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through tbe internal principles of your animal viscera until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a gigantie railroad ? for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder 1 Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking time pieas of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you by the American Eagle that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and is now roosting in the mcg aetic telegraph of time's illustrious trans migration, to do no murder J And, lastly, it ^roa ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Jree hide of tbe Bocky Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking, law-flung, rascally, braided, Email ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinctibility, acquit my client, #nd save your country. The priooner was acquitted. 