' AOTA 3PQPUM. BY TH3 FliAWB0-B» God Bave the Queea! Glod snve all the Queeno, for it ia a highly significant foot that the reign oi! every Quean ia modem times faao been attended by a wonderful advance in the material, political litetairy, and evea military progress of her country. The widest esfcanoiono and greatest conqueoto o£ the Rusaicn SmpiKe were raado during the miga o£ CGthorine fche Great and other female rulers ; fcbe reign o2 Maeia Teresa .waa a period o£ proopecity 2ou Auafceo-Hungary, n epito of the Seven Teara' War ; the reigns of Elizabeth and Anae in British history wera agoa oi glory ia letters, acto, csacl war., and Groat Britain rcaphod the climax 0?. hep pov/er at all points during the roign of Queen VictoriB. To a ouperfioial obaervot' all this vrould Deem to form cm undoubted pi*oo2 that fehe prosperity, of a nation depeado upon the eserciaing of tho Woman SufiEBgo fad to Ub fwllasfc Qxfcon'i;, and thai; fche proper thing ^o^1 uo fco do would bo to put Sis; George Dibbs into pettlcoafca, or go tho whole hog a ad elect Miss Anti-barmciid Ho,«?g, oi1 Mieo Acbermnn, ol' aomo oiiho^oh-ong-rn'mdccl mfiicl, bo acoopfc tho Pi'omieuoLup aad rule dhe laud with a sod of iroa taafceFnlly ornamonfeod v/ifch pasne menteEio pluob. oad pom-pomn. It has oven bees stated that the poaanee oi a Queen on a throne ee©m0 to ioqpiso nil ifee poetry and ehivalry thore is in the nature of man, and this fact furnishes an adoquata esplonation why countries flourish best undee geracle eu1&?d. All fche feulfc I find with the ' feot' is that it doosa'fi IiappGH £0 bo a SncS at all. Bacon would have philosophsied ao GGgoly tsndor the rule oi: ' Tommy' Wales as he did Hades: the fiery-haired aad fiery-tempared ' Good Queen Beas,' and it ia h^ no meana cleas? thai; the glorious songs ol' Tennynon, o? even Anacrooa PaEkep, were inspired by tho oquat, do wdily-draased figure oZ the Widov; Quolph, In olden days Somale sulera really did a little hard ' ' gmii' £01' their ooianes ami toolr £ar greater Biebs than, most o£ out male monasohs do to-day. Judith, Soe iasfcance, went into the enemy's camp alone, auol hacked ofic the head of the most tesrible waKEioe o2 hec time. Semisa mis awung the aword to some purpose also, and Cleopatra aofc oaly ruled wisely whea she was In the humour, but she vrao really the moat learned woman o2 hes truly leornecl age. Boadicea led her very earfy English warriors iafco battle, and stayed there until the ' ructions' wese over too 3 but nov7-a-da;ys the world is stood! oh end with a^bomahmenf; if the cabls flashes forth the start ling intelligence that England's mighty Queen had the hardihood to sit is. her welJ -padded carriage, umbrella in haad, aad watch a sham fighfe at Alderahot. Briefly put, the real reason why countries flourish besfc randes female role in fchess days ia that givea by the marvellous mm womaa, Chevalier D'Eoe, who said, 'So long as a kingdom is under the domination of a woman all will go well, because it is then that men really govern.' ia donning ouu Sunday clothea and proclaiming the glorious 24fch a holiday we Australians are decidedly mose English than the English fchenv selvep, fiOS1 outside of the Court circle very little respect is shown for the Queen's Bicthdoy in England. To the average Australians however* it doesn't matter a dump what he celebrates as long as h.9 has a whole day granted to do it in 5 but still it is just about time we woke up to a sease of the Saet that public holidays are deuced espoHBivQ Insurieos and putting luxuries aside, it talieo uo all out time to fiad the necessaries o2 life juofc at pceoeai;. The Sfcate pays something like four million pounds a year ia salaries to its Civil SacvicQ ; and uncharitable persons say that the money is 'well worth the -Service. Evosy public holiday, therefoEe, means that th e Treasurer pays away ^312,800 Sor'ao aesvioa at all0 and as we bavo HSfcsen hohdayo a year, ovge £^190,000 per annum goes 2oej ail. The poos Corporation labourer, however3 is veey carefully docked in his wageo 2oe every holiday fchat is forced upon him, and bearing all these things in mindj he may be justly esouced if his loyalty leaks a little to-day, and his prayers for the salvation of hia Q'cseen are ohorb and 2as? between. In the depth o£ our tsoublePj however, we can generally find othet-s who are womb ofc than ourselves, and so it was with a SeeliBg o2 some slight selfish satisfaction I read a recast cable which said—' In China it hso beea determined to ospead three snillion. pounds ia celobrating tho birthday of the Smpn'ooc Dowager.' Ih all probability this is some o2 6ho Scottish heEO Qaong Tatt'a doiago. He is aow in Chiac, and ao doubt he has been blowing do vigorously about the magaificent rncnnoi? in which we Australians worship our Queen that the national pride has beea aroused, end the Govern ment has determined to go one betfcee and prove to the ' white devils' fchofc when ifc comes to a matter of filing good money away in Queen's Birthday revelry s they (fche w. el.'s) don't mono polize all the damphoolishment in the. world to-day. Vivat Reginal And Caed inillc failllic to the Dowager Empress of! China as well. The celebrated Cock-lane ghost, which fooled and frightened afcout; old Dr. Johnson, musfc now hide its diminished head when tho brick- polfcing fiend raised by the 12-year-old Witoh of Enmore is mentioned, and the Kisrna spook had better lie low for the present lesfc itsbivJna aro knocked out by 0 stray chunk oE rock as well. The history oi! fchia modern mystery deserves a piece in the official archives of the colony, for ifc proves thai; ia spito of all our boasted enlightenment the majority of ms are simply credulous cranks, running about with our hair on end begging for comeone to come along and fool us to the top oi our benti A child could do ifc. A child has dene ifc, in fact, and for fche fcime being N. S. Wales can bocot of holding the choicest brands of idiofco this side of the Line, No sooner were tho facts 0? the brickbat bom bc-rdment at Enmore made public by the sensa tional statements of the daily Pross than hundreds of wise men in the shapo of Spiritualists, Theosophisfcs, palmists, mind loaders, amateui? detectives, and the like foil ovei' each other in their wild uuuhoa £0 put tho oialy ti'Ko solution of the rvv/ful myotery before the people. Every one o2 fchone esphenfl coora had a different tale to tell, and having told ifc, ho fcuenod round aad withered with Doorohing Dcojja'iibho cainino aoaumptioaa put forward by the other blefchoriag idiots who would porniot in ruohiag in where angels feasod to fe'ond nnd Eoisfcing their wretohed nonsense on the public. Then a Beoond suge woiild arise and conclusively prove, to his ovm satisfaction at least, that the other fellow was an eacQped lunatic at large and something 0? an unscrupulous liar as well, oad so the mad esoitonieafc wao piled up to such a stupendous height that wo were all ou the point of losing our nensoc, when oisddeuly n poorj mii-ei-ablo little °* seizing gftl '— on ^orphmg,' too— stepped i'oruh aad said, 'Pleace, Miste Soi-goanfc, aloae I did ifc ! ' That 'was all. A 12=yee-c old kitchen-inaid, armed with malice aforethought anil a brick, camo withia an ace of raising a ghostly panic throughout the land. Somunculi quanti suntl What miserable, timid little creatures we are in spita ,c£ all our Uni versity education ! The Spiritualists were the first to discover the WFosig end o2 the solution, o£ course, and in fcbe btrick-pelfcing busineEs they clearly saw that fcheie very good friends fche spirits were so annoyed at fche secant slights pub upon them by the Catholic Church that they had Ge'ces?mined to give a fort night's public sccfiice and prova the strength and sweetness of theis: angelic nature by showing that in the matter of Bliuging socks and ' dealing ' with inoffensive citizens, the-y could hold their own with the 'Liver' or the ' Blaek-Sed ' or any othei? gibber-pelting ' push ' la the land. Last Thursday morning a Mr. Sfcevoncoa es» plained ia the D. T» that a precisely similar mystery happened to the house o£ a friend in aa Indian town o£ 2000 inhabitants. Stones rained on fche eoo', and craahod through windows and dispersed the crockery, but no reasonable solution to the blood curdling affair could be found until the oldest native ioliabitaufc oame forward aad said his name was AH Jorge Washington Khan, aad he couldn't tell a lie even if be spat on both hands and tried his beat to do so. This mani festly truthful statement being admitted, Ali Jorge explained that close fco the town there was a valley ia which the devil had taken up a sort of summer residence, best he never received com pany, and it wag a well-attested Sacfc that bis Satanic Bisjesfry had declared that if anyone threw stones into that valley he would rise up in his wrath, and on the spike of his tail, and ' give 'em cBondiJ '—or words to that effect Evi= dentiy he was a moBfc unsociable devi5, and so the villagers aeau the valley decided fchat he was no better than a devil should be—probably not half as good-=aH-3, therefore, they refused fco call and leave their cards, or have aay dealings with sach a grumpy old devil whatever. This explanation solved the mystery in one pop. A young lady immediately owned up that she had heard that plausible sbpry.before, but, woman like, her curiosity impelled her to test ifcs truth, and so she went along fcha ridge one day and dropped a few boulders on a shady spot where sho thought iho disagreeable old devil might be sit ting down to cool. That night fche house where nbe was lodging was bombarded with bricks till uayuEnais, auu. ivv an mi. oceveaaon Knows to the contrary the ball is still going oao He vouches for the correctness of the stoi-y, although he doesn't exactly guarantee the clevil, and! he further adds, ' I think there is something supernatural about it, and ao does everyone con nected with the facts.' When that letter was published ' everyone' thought there was some thing supernatural about the Eninore racket, but the ink was barely dry before the giddy little ' serving gal' esplaiaed that she used to just throw a brick through the window and fchea dads into the house and squeal, ft Oh, please, inum, ere'e them ghosts a shottin* at the *on3e agen !'* And fchis io Spiritualism up to date 2 Of late we bave enjoyed a deal of law — the tcivial matter of justice ia neither hero nor there —?end recent experience tends to sho v that this law of ours is a first-rate thing fco keep away from. Time was when a man could go to law aad be rained, and {'here fche rnafcfcar would end, but now-a-days fche man who goes fco lav? stays there while he lives, and I wouldn't be quite sure that afi fa or a ca sa, or somo other legal devilry of fche kind doeBn't follow him to the spirit world as well. A writ of habeas corpus, better known aa 'have hio carcass,' can be issued' here, and it joa't tho Itvw's fault if it oan't have a man's bouI as well. Two lawyers met by chance—'twas in a crowd, round a free lunch bar — and says the young law yer to tbe old lawyer, 'Coke, congratulate me ! You reinembsr I told you I had a case. Well, I've won ifc. Tos, sir, I have won my first case.' Said the old lawyer to the young lawyer, ' You're excusable under the circumstances, but \7ith. a little experience yon may yet do honour fco your profession.' 'JSxcuucble '.'cried bbe young lawyer. 'What nre you giving us? I don't catch your meanings sir.' ?' Pos3ibly not/* repliud tlio old lawyer quietly ; ' but if you will listen to me you will hear something that ifc will pay you to Eemombsi.1. If you had been a lav/yes oi: orraorienco you would have losb that cnoe ; then you would have advised your client to appeal 5 aioA i£ okilEully managed, this oee-oaw game would last for years, or at leaafc aa long a8 the contesting fools had a .-8 to pay you. But you won jour case on the first hearing, and that's the end of it for ever. Tou meant well, but you didn't koow. No*?, let this ba a lesson to you Sos thr future.' Apparently that lesson boo beea case' fully remembored, and fche moral of it spread widely around as well, for a decision ha 3 barely time to ba recorded in any ccsa now before the lav/yer on the losing sido pops smilingly tap with hia notice of appoal. Amongsfc the Eenssfcional law cases which have bean worried up of lite that of Bradford v. PowelJ, ia connection with a missing will, bad some very peirpleidog poiufcs about ifc indeed. The medial evidence went to show fchafc about th.9 date that the disputed will wa3 drawn the testator v/as suffering frooa paralysie. The evidence for the claimant declared that the tescator walked some distance to aa hotel, celled in two ofcraagers from fche street to witness his signature, and then went home and planted the document under an old bureau ia his bedroom, where it was found after his death by a youag man who bore the highly appropriate name of Law. The claimant, an adopted daughter of the tes tator, gained her suit, however, and I presume ' all's well that euds well,' but as the entire costa of the case have to come out of the estate, it would have bees very much better if fchoeccenfcida will-makee had fised the business up properly at fche store. Very strange stories have been baaed on eifcher the deliberate os? fche constitutional cnaeedness o2 will-makers j one oE the mosfc romantic I ever read being that in which a good-hearfced, but case' less, happy-go-lucky sort of a clerk named George Johnson was painfully interested. In a certain city thero lived a rich and childless old foreigner named Renau^ and his wi?e ; and with them was a comely young girl— sort o2 friend, soi-o of Ber vaat. The clerk Johnson became acquainted with fchis girl and they loved, not wisely hj any means, and oi course their sin soon found them out. The old man Rsnaus was frasious afc first, but the young couple lied to him aad said they had been privately naareied. Then he forgave them, biased them, end, I regret to say, fche young pooplo con* fcinued tho sinful deception. By-and-bye the old foreigner's wife died, and pretty soba he heard her call from the Land of Shades, and bowing hia head, he carefully answered the welcome eutamoQs. All marriages are not failures. T^ere are 3ome men and women who will think even Paradise dreary if they can not tread its -primrose paths side by side with those they loved on oprbh. Eenaus was buried, and many of the friends of the family sefcurned to tho house to mourn, as they said, but in reality to hear fche will read and sample fche refreshments provided. The clerk Jobngon was there, of course, and fche partner of his sin sat beside him, . Presently fche family lawyer opened and solemnly 0.*&CUK;£. UUU WAV^ UJWU □ YV&XJ.;, «UU AVS, -Li) V*CJO U1DUUVQIQU, fchat every cent of his immense fortune had been left to 3Irs. George Johnson. And io, once more, ?—there was no such person. The young sinners bad never been married. They acted a living lie under their good old benefactor's roof, and now Nemesis was swooping towards them with her ssvord of vengeance. That night they stepped oufc of fche frying-pan iato the fire. In ofcher words, they went to a weak-kneed minister who had a patent reversible conscience , and persuaded him to marry them in proper form aad ante-date the m^rriftge lines so that they could swoop the legacy left fco Mcb. George John son, They were too late, however, for distant relatives flocked ia like crows round a dead bul lock, and with extreme suddenness and siwpiising ease they capsized Johuson'o claims, carried off fche whole of the fortune, and the pair of young omnei'S found themselves legitimately and icrevo« cably chained together in fcha lawful bonds o£ wedlook, but wifch nofc aa much eg a penny fco buy a bun for their wedding breakfast. Later on, they were chained in gaol uudor a two years' sentence for conspiracy fco defraud, and fche parson with the patent reversible conscience was sent up as well to keep them company. These are actual facts, and I will be happy fco correspond with any recognized reliable liar who can state a case to beat thorn. ' Protection and Perfidy .'—Under' thia heading a correspondent writes a very slashing com men! dry on the way the leaders of fche pro tectionist movement are veering about in their opinions and policy. The letter is well worth perusal. The Eev. Mother Superior of tho SiBfcers o£ Mercy, Bathurdt, has just; finished a sis weeks' inspection of fcho convents and nchoola in the dio* oeBQ. Increase o£ attendance and general. im- provement v/ere everywhere noticeable. In Bnfchurefc fche increGEO in the number oi! boarders in the Oiaterc' High Bchooi baa necessitated the employment of ojxti'a teachers. Tim Mayor of Brisbane aa treasurer 0? the Hospital Snturday and (Sunday Fund has received a cheque from fcbe Eev. Fr. ITouby for .£43 12-d 6d, boiag the amount colleofced iu the Catholic ohuEoheo of Brisbane iov tho hospital. 