THE GHOST OF BUNW CREEK. ' Two eoalfi with but « stogie thought Tiro hearts tbat beat as oue«' Hajkino in torrents ou a dreary plain, a ' leaden sky overhead, and water rushing at railway speed at our feet, was the diemal outlook tnat confronted cousin Alice and myself at seven o'clock on the evening of my story. ?- We had driven through rain and mud since ten o'clock that moraine, had crossed the Wonga Creek an hoar previously, with the water rushing into the buggy, and here we were after seven miles bard pushing, with the Uunylp a banker in front of us. ? and the danger-mark six miles uuder water. The situation was not by any mean* - a cheering one. To attempt the crossing would he sheet madness, and we well knew that the Wonga would be by this time also uncrossable, so that unable to advance, and with our retreat cut off, we were compelled to remain in statu ijtio to await develop* cents. An bonr's painful suspense, and no ? abatement of the elements convinced us that it would be futile to hope for a fail of tha creek for some hours, at all events, go the only resource was to make the best of the situation. About 200yds from the crossing was a dilapidated hut, built of loose rubble stones, wiUt a bark ro.( and fireplace, and apertures in the front for two windows and a doorway. Of late years the tenement hud been occa sionally used by teamsters ae a shelter but even by them only in inclement weather, for -the place had a very bad name. It was rumored that years before, Ben Hall nni liis notorious gang had mftde a furious onslaught on tha inmates, and that at one time and another some most diabolical murders had been committed on the spot. Among tbe people in that district it was looked upon as a place to be shunned, and many and weird were the stories of spectral visitations, nightly perambulations, and un earthly sounds beaid in the vicinity. From our early childhood Alice and myself had been tilled with goblin stories about the Ghost of Buny ip's Creek, and he had 'beta pictured in such a variety of guises as to'fill * our chiliish fancies with intense fear and wonderment. However, growth of yearihad enabled ui to look b^ck i.p^n this as sb much foolish nonsense, the outcome of elastic imagination. Howeverthore v.asnothing but the hut for shelter and §0 a-cordingiy we repaired thither. Having taren the horses ont and tied them up in one end o£ the hut, 1 wheeled the buggy to the lee side, and with the buggy cushions and ings on the earthen floor, tried to make the best of it. A fire was soon s^Ji, ? going with a few strips of bark and sticks lying ab«nt, and we endeavored to make things as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. The rain still continued to patter down on the roof, and the rushing of the water in the creek gave rather a melan choly bent to our thoughts. _w-. Somehow the conversation turned upon the long-forgotten ghost of Bunyip Creek, end Alice half jokingly speculated upon the probability of a visitation from that gentle Like most yonng striplings of 19, with more than the average amount of Australian bravado, I immediately allayed (ot thought I did) all her fears on that score, by assur ing her that I would soon make short work of 'his Ghostship, Ehould he appear, of which, howerer, V assured her there was not the' remotest probability. The conversation then drifted «n other topics, and before another hour had passed, Alice wss snugly ensconced in the arms of Morpheus, and well covered up with rugs, in the corner. After replenishing the fire, f was soon following suit, with my back propped up against the vrtOI. How long I had slept I know not, before I was awakened by a loud shrill scream, and at the same moment, felt Alice ' clinging to my side, and shaking like an aspen )eaf. T.©o'k,' she said, and turning my eyes in the direction of the doorway, a Eight met my gaze which almost froze my blood in terror, and seemed to paralyse every nerve in my frame. The rain had ceased, the fire burnt ont, the 6ky was clear outside, and the object in the doorway was clearly outlined on the dark ground oi the jiorizon. How shall 1 describe it ? Two long attenuated arms, white as alabaster, were stretched out, seemingly ia mute appeal, from a headless coffin-shaped trunk of the same color, from which glared two fierce, lustrous eyes, like bali6 of fire. The trnnk tapered down to a point about three feet from the ground, and there the figure ended. It seemed to have no support whatever, but by some mysteraus agency to float unaided in the air. I turned my back to tiie wall, trying to convince myself that I was suffering from some hallucination. But the whispered voice of Alice recalled me : 'See, Hal, it's moving;' * 1 turned and saw the spectre had changed its position. The tapering end of the trnnk was now extended upwards to the roof, and almost level with the top of the doorway, while the gaunt, outstretched arms seemed ? ? to have assumed a sinuous shape. A deathly silence reigned for a few moments, rendered more dismal by the weird melancholy cry of the curlew in the swamp below. I cottld distinctly hear the beating of both our hearts as Alice crouched closet and closer to my Eide. The situation was intolerable. I felt heavy beads of perspira tion on my ferehead, and the most frightful tenor seemed to have seized my every limb. I tried to shout, but my tongue seemed paralysed, so that I sat there with my gaze still transfixed on the horrid thing ' whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom's core.'' . Slowly and gracefully it lowered itself Ioi§' a ward till the hands almost touched the ground, and as slowly rising with the same dignified mien, emitted a low, long, wailing moan that sent a thrill of horror through, me. I could almost feel the fectid breath, from the abominable thing. /? The girl fell like a log on my shoulder, and 1 knew that she had fainted. Ever and anon from the swamp below came the cur lew's dismal note, and I felt that I conld not bear msch longer the terrible strain. Now the ghost commenced a swinging move ment in the same slow time as before, but from Bide to side. Then three low, distinct moans, as from tbe graves tt the dead, re verberated through the hut. 1 grew des perate. and with frantic terror disengaging my right aim from the fair form that was still clinging to me, hurled a stone I picked., up in the fireplace with all my strength iit the direction of tbe doorway. A dnll, hollow sound told me I had hit my mark, and a loud clattering of re treating hoofs outside, that the cause of all the trouble was as aid long-horned, bald-faced working bullock' that had pnt his head in the doontay to get out of the rain, After several years of married life Alica and I may safely say that we are ' two Bonis, with bnt a single thought,' but we agree that ' two hearts that beat as one ' was never better exemplified than on that eventful night when we encountered the Ghost of Bonyip Creek. Husband (vituperatively) : ' I wss a fool when I married you Mary 1 ' 'Wife (quietly): Yes, Tom, 1 know you were t But what, could 1 do i You seemed my only chance,. , und 1 thought then you might improve a -little with time 1 ' * Veni, Vim, Yieil — Tho foracoing eipres siou, by Julius Ccsur, can wiih truth be applied to tbe nev.r toilet .ru.jui^ite, - Amykos,' which.1 1 since its intrcductiou to the Sydney public, has been thoroughly appreciated as sa exquisite-: aromatic antiseptic gargle in the morninir. Asa! cosmetic it is unexcelled for preserving tha. hoslthy condition of the f 'k i n . Y&g;, to use a. . wf;ll-icnnwn dortur's i-mur, k--, 'AmykoB is a jitnwl. -.ii and plov-ttni amineptic preparation, '* which every person who -uBtcrms health and,' c'ouuiir.ess nutghL to havo on his or her toilet' iablp.' l'nco, la Gd per boitlo.* Orjranpttfi: (20 varieties), ftom 20s to 8 guineas. cJth or 1. Howard'*, WOOi.ljAHKA. Auto Harps, tho 30s rosewood, with pate&W; \- ^ lunisg etting, Ie Sd sale price, Howard's 