MEDITATION ON MARRIAGE, My uncle had been hectic all day. I knew y and dreaded what was coming, and said 0 nothing that by any chance could lead up to g it. t He absent.mindedly tipped the emu aix. ,e pence. Then we came to the wart- hog. "A bachelor," he said, meditatively, scratching the brute's.back. ' I hastily felt for a saving topic in the r apprehensive darkness of my mind, and could find none. i "I expect I shall be married in October," said my uncle. Then signing: "The idyl of Smy engagement was short-lived." a It was out. Now, the day-my last idle day with my poor uncle-was a hideous e wreck. All the topies he had fluttered round vanished, and cold and awful there loomed over us the one greattopic. S"What do. you think of marriage, a George " saidmy uncle, after a pause, prod ding the wart-hog suddenly. " That's your privilege," said I. "Mar ried men don't dare to think of it. Bigamy" . I "Privilege ! Is it such a headlong wreck of one's ideals as they say?" said my uncle. S" Is that dreamland furniture really so un. stable in use?" "Of course,"' said I, "it's different from what one expects. But It seems to be worse for the other party. At least to judge from the novels they engender in their agony." " So far as I can see," he proceeded, " what happens is_very similar to a thing a scientific chap was explaining to me I the other day. There are some 1 little beasts in the sea called asoi diana, and they' begin life has . little tadpole things, with .waggling tai nd big expressive eyes- Theymove freely about hither and thither, and often travel vast dis tances in an adventurous way. Then what he called metamorphoais begins. The little tadpole waggles his way to a rook and fixes himself head downward. Then he under. goes the oddest changes, becomes indeed a mere vegetative excrescence on the stone, I secretes a lot of tough muck round himself, and is altogether lost to free oceanic society. He loses the cheerful tail, loses 1 most of hisbrain, loses his bright expressive eye." " The bother of it," said I, " is that very often the wandering expressive eye is not t lost in the human metamorphosis." I " Putting it in another way, one might ,say that the kind of story that Ovid is so fond of describing-the affairs of Daphne and lo, for instance-are fables of the same thing: an interlude of sen | timent and then a change into something new Sand domesticated, rooted, fixed andbounded in." "It is certainly always a settling down," saidI. "I don't like this idea of settling down, George." He shuddered. ' It must be a dreadful thing to go about with a*house on your mind." " Youget used to it. And, besides, you don't go about so much." He gavethe bachelor wart-hog a parting dig, and we walked slowly and silently through the zebra-house towards the ele s phants. " Of course we do not intend to settle down," he said presently, withaclumsy efforttorender his previous remarks imper sonal. "A marriage invalidates all promises," I explained. "The law recognises this in the case of wills." "That's a new view," he said, evidently uncomfortable about something. "It follows from your doctrine of meta morphosis. A marries B. Then the great change begins. A gradually alters into a new fixed form--O-while B flattens and broadens out as D. It is a different couple, and they cannot reasonably be held respon sible for the vagaries of A and B." "That ought to be better understood." " It would-perhapt~be-aswei. "-Befo i aiijiilagJdwin vows to devote his life to Angelina, and Angelina vows she will devote her life to Edwin. After marriage this leads to confusion if they continue to believe such promises. 3Marriage certainly has that odd effect on the memory. You remember Ange. lina's promises and forget your own, and vice versa." "There is nothing more distressing than the ghost of a dead promise," said my uncle. " especially when it is raised in the house of your friends." We passed through the elephant-house in silence. " I wonder what kind of man I shall be after the change, George. It's all a toss.up," he continued, after an interval. "I have seen some men improved by it. You, for in stance. You were a more useless, in decent aspirant to genius before the thing came upon you. Now you are a re spectable journalist, and gracefully anxious to give satisfaction to your editor. But my own impression is that a man has to be a bit of an ass before he can be improved by marriage. Mostmenget someroenary, and they simply work and go about doingnothing a rational creature should. They are like the male ante that shed their wings after the nuptial flight. And their wives go about talk ing fashion-artioles, and calling them dear old stupids, and flirting over tesoups with the unmarriedmen, or writing novelettes about the child.man, and living their own lives. Every intelligent woman now seems to want to live her own life when she is not engaged in taking the child.man ont into society, and trying to wean him from alcohol and tobacco. However, this scarcely applies to me." "Not now," I said. And he winced. "I wonder how it feels. eaot men go into this without knowing of the change that hangsover them. BlutI amolder. It would not be nice for a caterpillar if he knew he was going to rip up all along his back in a 1 minute or so. Yet I could sympathise with I sucah a caterpillar now. Shall we go to the I inseet.house ? " Anyhow, George, Ihope the change wll be completo. I would not like to undergo only a partial metamorphosis, and become a queer speckled monster all sepotted .with baohelor habits. YetI eometimes think lam beyond the adolescent stage, and my habitd rather deeply rooted. Hetherto . I have always damned a little at braces, and collars, and things like that I wish Iknow where one could pick up a few admissible expletives. And I loot about London all day, sometimes without any very t clear idea of what I am after, telling chaps in b studioas how to paint, and talking to leisurely barrieters, and all that kind of thing." h " she,'"Ieaid," will probably help you to d conquer habits of that sort," Yee, Idare say she will," said my uncle. " Iforgot thatfor the minute."-" Pall Mall Budget." 