AMUSEMENTS. The Liliputian Opera Company met with another good reception at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, when the Christmas pantomime, " Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves," was again presented before a well filled house. The youngsters acquitted them selves well throughout the performance, and the beautiful scenery and handsome costumes again met with universal admiration. "The Forty Thieves" will again be presented this evening. "The Colleen Bawn". attracted another good house at the Bijou Theatre on Friday evening, the evergreen drama of Irish life meeting with an excellent reception. Mr. J. P. O'Neill as that " broth of a buoby" Myles met with the heartily expressed approval of the audience, and the other mem' bers of the company gave able support. "The Colleen Bawn" will be repeated this evening. The powerful comic drama "Snared" will be staged on Monday night. An attractive and varied programme has been arranged for this evening's . " Conti nental." Miss Ida Osborne, whose singing on Wednesday evening aroused such enthusiasm amongst the audience, will make her farewell appearance this evening, and Mr. Fred. Smith will al30 sing. The instrumental music will be provided by the Militia Band, and a crowded house may confidently be expected. The members of the Kentucky Minstrels re turned to Adelaide on Sunday, morning, December 31, after spending a most enjoyable concert tour. At Milang on regatta day a crowded house greeted the company. ■ The usual drawing-room circle opened the enter tainment, Miss White being pianist and Mr. C. R. Baldwinson interlocutor, whilst Messrs. C. Herrick and W. Boyee manipulated the tambo and bone3 respectively. Songs were contributed by Messrs. C. ft. Baldwinson, Chas. White, and H. Everard. Mr: H, Shreeves had to respond for his dancing, as did also ' Messrs. Herrick ~ and. Boyce for comic songs. The first part concluded with .a farce, "Fiszjig's Troubles." Miss White opened the second half with a. pianoforte overture. Mr. H. Shreeve caused much merriment by his. comicalities, and Messrs. Herricks and Boyce had to reappear in character songs, as did Mr. G. White in his musical selections. Mr. B. Chaplin was heard to advantage in a song. A farce, "The Arrival of Jimbo," which brought down the house, concluded the programme. A dance followed the concert. The same programme was repeated at Ports Victor and Elliot and Goolwa and Mount Barker. The attendances at the Battle of Waterloo are by no means decreasing. Yesterday the Cyclorama received its full share of patronage, and in the evening the illusion of Napoleon's ghost caused a deal of speculation. 