MEETINGS. ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. A meeting °f tho board of management of tho Zoological Society was hold nt tho Mooro Park Gardons yesterday afternoon. Thoro were present Messrs. T. Thompson (in tho choir), \V. Beaumont, W. Coles, C. Mooro, J. Varnot, Captain Ghost, and tho secretary (Mr. Catlott). It was reported that tho debit balnnco at tho bank Was £105 12s 2d. Payments amounting to£171 5s9d were authorised, making tho overdraft £337 17s lld. The secretary reported that tho roceints from tho gates for the four weeks ' ending 1st February amounted to £132 5s Od, from the elephant to £li Ss Cd, and from tho donkey and pony to ¿'1 Cs, making a, total of £112 17s 3d. Tho gate monoy represented the admission of f>727 visitors, 3856 hoing adults ¡ind 2871 children. The grounds wcro also visited hy 18 school children accompanied by two touchers. Total free admissions, 20. The Superintendent reported that tho health and condition of tho animals wero satisfactory. Ho re- gretted that two of tho cainols deposited in tho gardens by Abdul Wade had died, but tho veteri- narian's ccrtiiicate showed that the cause was in- digestion. Mr. Wade had beeu informed of tho occurrence, and had replied that he was satisfied that thero had boen no foul-play, although ho greatly regretted the death of his animals. Amongst tho dcaths,in tho gnrdens had besn that of two puma cubs and a raccoon. "With referonco to tho application of Messrs. Williamson aud Musgrovo lor tho hire of an elophnnt during tho run of tho play " Around tho World in 80 Days," tho Sydnoy town clerk had written that tho Mayor hud no' objection to tho nnimal being lcd through the quiotest streets of tho city to and from the Lyceum ThcRtre. Several members of tho board thought that it ßhould be distinctly provided that Messrs. William- son and Garner should bo responsible for any injury that might occur to the elephant. It was decided to comply with the request provided that Messrs. Williamson and Musgrovo would undertake all responsibility over the animal during tho timo it was absent ¿"rom the gardens. It was decided that tho chairman and secretary should wait on tho Premier with a view of obtaining from tho Government tho vote of £500 which had Leen promised last year. Tho donors and donations s'mco last monthly moot- ing wore stated to bo as follows :-2 mountain ducks and 2 black ducks, presented bv Br. Scales, Bur- wood ; 3 native cats, by Messrs. Pearce Bf os., Rand- wick ; Year Book of Kit- South Wales, by tho Year Book of Australia Cotupauy, Svdnov ; englo-hawk, by Hon. Ii. H. D. White, M.L."C. ; '2 rock wallabies, by J. Stewart. Paddington : peacock, by P. O'Mara, Rosehill Hacing Club ; king parrot, by W. Bowmakcr, Paddington : Handbook to Aquarium, Museum, &c;, by tito Exhi- bition trustees, Holbourne ; Hying squirrol, by Master Claude Mullhollnnd, Soven Hills ; 6 Abutilon rexillarium variegatura, 2 Agavo rum pheri, 1 AgaT« millen, S Vucca recurva, U Steno carpus cunminghamia, 2 Strehtzin augusta, 1 Storculia fcetida, 1 Maurandia barclayana, 2 Liriodendron tulipifora, 1 Salvia, i Erytlvrolama conspicua, 24 Balsams, 2 Nvmphrea odoratn. 2 Kymphrca alba, 1 Nyiuphiea lutea, clump of Vil larsia crenulata, clump of Iris kompferi. a cartload of Pontederia crnssipes, and large clumps of Sagit taria montevidousis, by W. II. Catlott, Burwood. ' 