THEJURF. I SPORTING NOTES. By 'DELAWAHE.' J TftE WEEK'S SPORT, ( Kensington,' I Canterbury. Moorefield, Goddard V. Qdgley. Y.R.C. Derby. Jfoorefield Races. ! Keksingtok opened the week's racing ball da Monday with their twice-postponed meeting, und a very fin® attendance re sponded to Mr. O'Mara'a call. The stew ards were ea their mettle and carpeted ceyeral owners and ridere. Tbe first to attiact the stewards' attention was Gipsy Queen who started an even-money favorite with yet uy in the 14-1 Welter. When the word was given, the inure jumped off and toon put balf-a-dozen lengtbs between herself and the field. The rider keeping at her all ihe way she died to nothing 100 yards from home, where BUck Jack got to her and beat her easily. The stewards evidently theught this was a new way of settling a favorite, and called in the rider and owner, who explained satis factorily, and the matter waB let drop. J. Wheaildr, the owner ot MisB Pearl, j ' stoushea ' jockey Player in the mouth, j knocking him. down, and then Wheatley playfully kicked Player for falling. Tnis j happened in the jockey's room. The - stewards' attention being drawn to the matter, they promptly gave Mr. Wheatley sis months. Wheatley said he '? dealt ' with Player because that yoong gentleman lial pulled Mies Pearl at Botany the week before. A com ?laint of foul riding was lodged against nfelice'a rider, Paddy Hayes, by the rider of Marangaroo in the 11.2 race. The plaint w&a; dismissed, as it was abundantly „ that Murangaroo's rider was the most to blame. « ? c Mr, Bteenaon. the owner of Geelong, hid another little interview, with the etewtr.la to account for Geelong's running in the 14-hand race. His ex planation was accepted. The racing was ?„ very Interesting, except in the first race vchich was made a gift to Wilga, through a clerical error in copying the handicaps. Fourteen started in tbe* 13.3 handicap and a right royal race resulted, in which Lady Dnnmore only just scrambled home in front of that good pony Minnie S. with the rest all close up. Minnie S. was ridden by An aboriginal bearing the very uncommon namfe of Brown. The ' swatzer's ' ?finish was anything bat artistic, and I have no doubt Mr. Brown will make r jockey, if he lives long enough. The 34.2 Handicap was a splendid race, in which Spangle occupied her old place — second. Llama had a true ring abont her 1 in the 14: Hands Race, and starting almost favorite managed to win nicely from' ' treelong, who seldcm misses when ' miking,' but unfortunately for Geelong, Xilama happened te be 'making' too. When Greek meets Greek tbe books know i*. A splendid set-to tx-b place between Bantry, M'Lies. and Wilga in the Ken sington Handicap, which resulted in a bead win for Bantry from M'Liss, who started ss good a favorite as Bantry. This sent posters home on the very best of terms with themselves, whilst the layers stayed v behind coadoling with each other as they ? counted the small remains of the various ' 'banks.' The Canterbury proprietary gat through j , with their postponed meeting on Tuesday. ''Ihe weather was beantif uL mid the atten- i ?dance excellent With the exception of { : Shiraz lodnj his rider in the Bardie : Bace, ihe tittnre was run through without accident or complaint. Tactition, with tlite assistance of artist Underwood, rewarded his owner with the Hurdle i Bioe, after a sequence of disappointments. J The Flying Handicap looked (on paper) j at Kilmore's mercy, but be succumbed miserably before Beigiomo, whose alder \- .manic appearance didn't inspire the fol lowers of the ' Farm ' horce with confi- I denoe^ but the big eon of Snnrise had tbe -it his mercy at any part. Tbe Park Stakes was epoiled br a bad start. Lord Gereden, Little Keflknd Profane were left looking at pji^nachine, whilst Chryttalline, Motra and Konuing got away badly. Ligbtfoot, as usual, set the pace, but failed to fight when ^tackled, and Little Agnes won a , jietty race frem Aigret, who just beat ihe Arehk mare Gazelle, with the rest in j close erderjusl- beLind tbe placed horses, i . A good sort of horse named Lord Cleveden wade his appearance in this race. He is a big, upstanding fellow, by Chester's brother, (jleveden, and lie ought to make an excellent jumpei. Tbe Cinttrbury Handicap turned out a wretchedly run on the strength of his tlaad Sing was in most demand, and Keleo'b recent purchase, Triton, was also the medium of much money cbtnging handle Garnation, who had tbe services of Martin Gallagher, came in for a good deal oi support. They went sir at a enail's pace, and nothing appeared ts care Mabout making it ' willing ' till the foot of Khe rise was reached, when they ail rushed Bferpositipna together. Triton out;a^ed HHpAerii home, tnd won by two lengths, ?Rn Cadet last. j'Sit race, Tritcn's first in New Eomh Wales, i* an ' example of Mr. Kelso's luck in buy '- ine horses. 'J e ? 0 . Triton has been through many hands since h'elaftliisnwthern borne, butfuiled to score after many tries. Kelso bought bim by auc ! tion a couple of weeks back for £100, and trios the first race he runB him in. It's letter to be bom lucky than rich. Another cast-off, tbe Maorilander, Quadrant, whern fetfce wily William picked up for £M, won Btlie Welter Handicap ftoai a large, bust f lipg, and joetlicg field. Many followers L Kelso's stable left Quadrant severely ? alone wben tiiey saw the unfusiionable Kiienfty McLauglilic in the ta idle, iniagin Brjg, no doubt, tiiat the Maorilander ^j&iiidn;'t be 'having any,' becai.ae he jiadn't a prize-packet _c:k on his back. But Benjamin handled thb scabby chest put like the artist he if, ani landed his mount a clever winner, and I hope it will be the forerunner of many good wins for the little ' Bundle,' as his mends cbaflf ingly dub the ever-smiling Benny. Young Harry Cooc scored hiB maiden win on Triton. The youngster only weighs about ?1st, but he rides as much work as any lad at Randwick. After the lad had weighed in on Triton he approaohed young Bill Kelso with, ' I am a jockey now. i have won a race. You had better see about getting me a license at once.' Procrasti nation will not be one of the mite's faults. The Orvilte Lodge stable had a heavy win over Quadrant's Welter, as they pretty' well bad the market to themselves on ac count of McLaughlin having the mount. ThiB race reminded me of one at CaulLehl some years ago, when Broken iiill waB booming. Frolic, who had not long be fore arrived from Broken Hill, where he won a big double, was handicapped at J something like Sst 21b lor the Victorian j Club Cap, which, in those days, was very popular with owners. In this par ticular race a real good field of handicap horses started, and when the betting opened the Broken Hill men, headed by U. B. Pell, i tapped in and - supported Frolio with Euch spirit that be j was soon favorite, but as tho betting pro ceeded the price got better, and the com mission ers got o to 1, where tbey had previously taken 4's. The reason wan soon apparent. Tbe bookmakers' runners discovered that Frolic was ridden by a ' bush mug ' with a big black beard, hence ihe anxiety of tbe Ring to get tbeir money in. The ' bush mug ' was Paddy Bolger (Frolic's owner), who was, perhaps, the Dest all-round horseman in the race. There were a few runners looking for work after Frolio had walked in for the Cup. It was the big black beard and sun burnt appearance that did the trick, because in the boom days of Melbourne a jockey was not considered up to much as a horseman unless he wore clothes of the latest London cut, patent leather boots, aud dined regularly at the Cafe Anglais. I don't suppose many of them would turn their noses np at good homely corned beef now. ^ Secretary John Jolly's face was smiles cn i Wednesday when he saw that goodly ' crowd roll up to witness his pony pro grcinne run through. The fields for the various races, with one exception, were very strong, numerically and otherwise, mostly otherwise. No less than 15 started for the first race, the Welter Handicap, but only two out of this well-matched mob were backed. The 'books,' of course, objected in loud and no uncertain j terms at the running of more than one of the starters. There can be no doubt bb to J the number of triers in this race, but the bookmakers should remember that owners are not made of wood, aud know their (racing) way about quite as Well as tbeir bookmaking friends. They don't run their ponies jnst for the fun of the thing : tlsey run tbem to ' get a bit,' and tbey contend that if they attempt to back their ponies, the books cramp them, and will not lay a fair price. One prominent pony man told me thBt he sent £60 into the ring to be put on his pony, binding bis commissioners down to 8 to 1, as his horse hadn't a 10 to 1 chance. The fielders WcH offering 10 to 1. One of the commissioners got 60 to 5 off a well known man who immediately hollered oat evens for the edification of his brother layers who, taking the hint, wonld only offer 4 to 1. Of course the com. was withdrawn, and the pony ' stopped.' This is from a man who knows the ropes, but at the same time, he admits, that there are :e serai good fielders who are only too anxious to bet fair, but ta bet fair with such surroundings is an impossibility. There is one thing pretty certain : that between the owner who wants the best of the odds, and tbe layer who will not bet anything like a fair price tbe pony game will not last One is sure to kill the other. The Welter Handicap resolved into a match between Twenty Winks and Wee Juggler, in which the mare waB the better horse. For the Carlton Handicap punterB friz; on to Melthora and Jessie, and magnanimously let the other ten run for the fielde:s. The 'judg- ment ' of the backers was again in evi dence, as these two cleared out from tbe complacent lot behind, and virtually had the race to themselves at tbe turn, where Jessie sbosk off her troublesome com panion, and came on alone, winning as Bbe liked from Forget-me-not, who beat the easing Meltbora for second place. Double Event would have had an excellent cbance of winning the Park Stakes, bad he not been detained such au inordinately long time in the straight fixing his girths, etc. Eight out of the sine colored on the card in tbe Ternpe Handicap were scratched, and Tema walked over. Wax works and Vera were tbe only two inquired after in the 14 band race, and the former won easily. Tit and Bambler monopolised most of the betting in the Kogarah Handicap, and the mare kept up her repu tation for ability to win, when wanted, with an iteration that is pleasing to those who back her at tbe rignt time, but damnable to those who are on when her owner doesn't iaacy htr. A tremendous crowd assembled at Kensington on Thursday. This fixture is gaining in popularity every week. One of the reasons for the said popularity is no doubt due to tbe strenuous efforts of Mr. U'Hara aud his co-committeemen to Iree tbe sport from the disorders which obtain elsewhere. Tbe management were given an opportunity of distinguishing them selves in the first race, in which, it being over burdles, only five started, liiot, a Mel bourne vihitnr, wba hag proved himself a good hurdle pony both here and in I Victoria, u&b; made a red-hot favorite Even money was freely taken, and a shade of oDds rushed, but gradually it ; leaked out tbat thingB were not all right with the favorite, and one bookmaker ex- ] tended the odds from G to 4 to 6 to 1 I against the chestnut. When the race ] Btarted, Kiot wouli be running at the inside hurdle, but his rider would hoik him ont to tbe outside one, thereby losing considerable ground every jump. After negotiating four hurdles in tbis fashion, U'Kourke, Biot's rider, pulled his mount around tbe fifth, but he didn't know there was a drain cut there, which he fell into, but without injury. On returning to tbe enclosure the owner and rider were received with hostile hoots and groans. The stewards carpeted O'liourke tbe rider and King the owner, and disqualified the pair, and the hone for life — a sentence which was very popularly received. No less than 20 numbers were hoisted for the 14.3 Handicap, for which Nina, Butler, and Loftus were tbe public fancies. A bad start settled the chances of Loftus and Kina, but Butler got a break, which be was unable to keep, when Dosey, M'Liss, and Bandbox challenged him. Bandbox won rather easily from the fast-coming Loftus, thus giving fieldtrs a much-needed turn. Ludy Durmiore was a 5 td 4 favorite in tbe 13.3 race, but finished out of place to Lubra, a comparative outsider. Toe pun ters got a sweetener in the 14.2 Handicap, when the favorite Eurydice oame to their rescue after a slashing race with Banana, Icasia, and Rob Roy. Peggy woe con sidered the correct pea in the 14 hands race, for which her admirers were willing to take C to 4. Once sgain the talent were at fault, as Merveille won on i RiffeTsiire from llama, who could kivu Vory ea=Hy reve. -t^i hviU- n if i' rider had been so inclined, tt. Johu Llama's rider, was interviewed by the stewards, who, in consideration ef his previous good character, let him oil with a severe caution. A baker's dozen weighed out presumably to do battle in the last race, the Kensington Handicap, but a big i percentage diln't battle much to speak ot, and at least three of the runners will be heard of to advantage before long. Wilga (3 to 1) and Nina (10 to 1) fought a great battle for first honors, which ended in a head victory for the first named, punters thereby getting some of the monty back, but not sufficient to equalise matters with the merry layers, who had ail the beBt of the deal and got their Moorefield losses back with a comforting balance on the right side. Those who witnessed the fight in Mel bourne, and expected to see Goddard in his old form must have come away con siderably disappointed. Tbe serious ill ness from which he suffered on his return from America has left the big fellow totally unfitted to stand a severe course of training, or to last ont a hard fight. Though he won, there was very little credit attached to the victory, f er Qnigley, his opponent, was out of all condition, and he lost all his steam in the first half minute of the contest. It waB generally reported that Quigley had not attended strictly to his training, and the way the perspiration ponred off him even before the start, and his soft appearance gene rally, confirmed tbe report without tbe ad ditional evidence of hiB subsequent indif ferent display. In his previous matches, Quigley had shown a rare amount of dash and cleverness, but on Mionday night be «nly succeeded in getting - few blows home, and appeared totally unable to defend himself. Goddard trained carefully, but he lacks his former athletic and wiry appearance. There was a haggard look about him which was never seen in his old fighting days. He went in with a bit of his eld dash at the start, bnt he qnickly slowed down and contented him self with poking his left on his opponent's face at intervals. An early blow brought blood freely from Quigley's noBe. The affair lasted lees than two rounds, Quigley dropping to the boards from a left-hander on the chin and being counted ont, the second round lasting two minutes and a half. Both men were very tired after their short battle. Goddard afterwards accepted a challenge which had been telegraphed from Sydney by 'Mick' Dooley, tbe contest te come oS within eight weeks' time, but if Dooley enters the ring in anything like good trim he should bave no difficulty in beating Goddard, who is but a ghost of his former self. At the time of writing Dreamland is a 2 to 1 favorite for the V.R.O. Derby. This significant fact shows that the Hon of Trenton must have come on considerably since bis inglorions display in the Caul field Guineas, and as the party behind the favorite know which end of a horne is going first, Dreamland should not be overlooked by vigilant punters. Cob bitty, on late form, should beat all that were behind him in The Guineas, and The Harvester should hold Malachite safe on the CaulfieldStake8rnnning,thatis, assum- ing Cobbitty and The Harvester can Btay a mile and a half, and I tea no good reason to suppose that this pair cannot. Cobbitty certainly didn't set tbe harbor on fire when in Bydney, but his Caulfield form was a decided improvement on his Rani wick running. Bumors are abroad that Cobbitty's mate, Malachite, is the best, but the betting market doesn't show that he is. Malachite's Maiden win at Melbourne waB nothing to boast of, bnt Cobbitty's Guineas wtn was full of merit, inasmuch as he bad the winner and runner-up in tbe A. J.C. Derby behind bim, as well as tbe bottled Dreamland. The Harvester is a tremend ous big colt, carrying lota of quality. He may not be able to stay on account of his extra size, but the weight shouldn't trouble him. I look to him to at least beat Dreamland, wbo will unquestionably have to be over-hurried to be got anything like well by Deiby dev. Hurried raceborseB | generally end their days in a cab, or else their owner ends his in the poor-house. 1 am i'd great doubt which to pi i my faith to, Cobbitty or The Harvester. The latter has all the beet of tbe argument as regards siee, but Cobbitty conies from a nett of Derby winneis. His half brother, Camoola, won- two, his uncles Trident and Navigator, each won e couple, beBideg no end of good long distance races, so with these recommen dations in. bis favor, 1 will go for COBBITTY to beat The HauvketeR, with Bonnie Scotland to beat the rest. Had a starting-maohine been used for j the Caulfield Cup, the crowd wetold have ! been saved the irritation and annoyance of waiting a quarter of an hour for the struggle to begin, and the race might have had a different ending. 6a write3 '?Terlinga,' tho latest convert to the Btarting apparatus. Later on we read in the ' News ' : — ' Swaetnan went oat favorite at 6 te 4 on. Wiien the start was made, Swsgman was half turned round, losing all chance. This brought forth a request from the owner for tbe stewards to inquire into the matter. This they did, but nothing was done in the tnattfer. The stable followers of Swageman ate said to hare lest fully £600 oh the horse. Theee two pars give ample proof of the value of the machine over the mBb. The machine will not make one bad start in fifty, 'while the man will not ntake tone good one In a hundred. Betides, the machine does not drink the club's cham pagne or lose its temper and fine a jookey, who will get the sack it be is left at the post, whilst the starter, no matter bow many bad starts he may mats, ia still qualified to blight the hopes of many a poor owner, whose ' chances ' are knocked endways through the incom petence of the man with tbe Sag, - An attractive p i.-\ c npled with ! attractive weather, drew u ouuip*r iiti n dance to the . pretty little oourse nuar Kogarah, where secretary John Jolly was s£ happy as a eaud boy attending to the wants of his patrons. The fields, with two exceptions, were large ; and the racing, taking it on the wholo, was up to the usual excellence. The sport began with the Hurdle Race, for which only five, faced Mr. Hegarty. Auctioneer, on his Canterbury form, was made an even money favorite, and justified tbe conti lence reposed in bim by winning in a commen canter from Faux Pas, with the 'there Btrung out at long intervals. Vm wfiiihed out for the Tramway auiianiij., in wl-Hi Ki'inrr*. Actor, ana Thespian were Lhe ijjv.-l laucied by tbe public, bat a well- execated commission, in favor of tbe Warwick Farm candidate, Machinist, sent Mr. Oatley'B repre sentative from 10's to 7's, at which price - he went out firm. Llena appeared to I have the race in hand at tbe distance, but Schaafe, taking matters too easily, let] Machinist get up in time to win by a' neck, much to the chagrin of Tom Lamond, who looked upon the uiare as having a second to none chance. Followers of the Zetland j Lodge stable were again in fault in the Kogarah SiakeB when tbey made their re presentative, Mount Boyal, favorite, but the highly-bred Peeress shot away and fairly took the field off their legs, and notwithstanding Georgia Dunton's sireuuous efforts to catch her got to the post in time to win by a neok. * ? » The principal event of the afternoon was the Moorefield Handicap, which brought out eleven runners, out of whom the Queensland mare, Memab, was made a pot, as little aa 6 to 4 being taken about her chance. Old Rosstellau, of whom we have seen little of late, notwithstandiug the battles he haB fought and the winters he has weathered, looked as gay as a two year-old. The favorite also looked well to the eye, but that suspicious looking. fore-leg, wuica has given her trainer no end of trouble, no doubt mili tated considerably against her cbance. Stanmoor, who is a half-brother to the mighty Nordenfeldt, came in for a good j deal of eleventh hour support, and started a firm second favorite. Ballater, looking I a credit to his trainer, was also baoked for j a good stake, but this was not tbe big J fellow's day out, and he refused I to show anything like his best form. Kilmore acted as pacemaker for the | most of the journey, and a right royal pace he made toe, but Stan- 1 meor and Rosstellan were always handy, j At tbe foot of the hill ' Old Boss ' went at the sprinter (Eilmore) to burst him up, a task wbicb he found no easy one, as the Surry Hills horse stayed like a motherin law, and hong on to fiosstellan till the Leger was reached. Here Stanmoor swooped down oq the pair, and beat them handsomely. Carnation, who was kept a 1 good deal out of her ground in the early part of the race, managed to beat Eil more for third place. The favorite, Memah, was never dangerous, and ap parently that dicky leg told its tale before half the journey was traversed. ? CO The plungers laid 2 to 1 on Machinist in the Auction Stake, for which only four ran, and a real good 2 to 1 chance it looked half-way down the straight Here old Hugo made a charge, and the adds looked in great danger of being upset, but, aa it was, the favorite only landed tbem by a bare head. This race ie an other illustration of the glorious uncer tainties of the turf. The winner hand somely beat a fair field of sprinters early in the day, but in the Auction Stake's he only just scraped home in front of a horse who is aa old as Joe Kean, and that is saying a lot. The Stewards' Mile wound np the after noon's trouble, and sixteen faced the starting apparatus. Lustre was in most request, and as little a* two to one was taken atout the up-country niare'B chance. Aerolite was the medium of good business at 4 and 5 to 1, until the supporters of Sadur put their money down and ousted the Armidale horse from tbe position of second favorite. Assayer was quietly and well backed by an inspired few, who supported the Parrauiatta horse on something good which be had shown them uuring tbe week at Bosehill. The race was an excellent one half-way down tbe straight, The Markee, Brolga, Lustre, and Assayer were in a line fighting it out. Htr^TheMaikee Was on tbe rails, Brolga next, then Lustre with Assayer on tbe outside. Fifty yar Js from the post As9ayer bored in, and ap parently interfered with tl.e other three, who, losing their position, went under to Assayer, who won by a length from Lustre, with T1 e Markee third. On re turning to scale Fielder protesled against the winner, and the matter will be dealt with to - morrow. Several jockeys hold strong opinions on the occurrence, but as tbe caso is still sub judice 1 taanot give them publicity. Truly Tom Lamond has been divorced from the fa r, goddess of fortune. Last week he last a valuable filly, Googa, at Randwick, through an accident. Yesterday the rider of Llena went to sleep and lost the Tramway Handicap far him, and Mouut Royal had bad luck to bump up against suet a flyer as Peeress ; while, to crown all, in the Btewards' Mile bis fine horse, Glaverhouse, with whom he had hope) of winning a National Hurdle Race, was knocked on the fence and had hie shoulder put out, tlins tendering him useless for racing pur poses, but hepes are entertained of saving this well-bred horse far the stud. The only hone Who has wan the Caul&eld; Cap twlos is Paris, whilst BritiEber was second In 1885 ahd third the t oUowtog year. Bravo was third in 1888 and 1889, and in 1891 and 1892 Olonard filled the lame posi tion. Probably the man who has had the hardest luck in the great mile and a half handicap it Mr. S. G. Oeok, as that gentleman , Srovided the mnner-np no lees than three meg, with fcemns lit 1887, 1'be Charmer in 1889, and Yanan in 1892, besides being third frith Anglesey in 1883. I Little Ashes, thb winner ot the Park I Stakes at. Canterbnrjr on Monday, Is by ftrenton, from Same Agnes (Imp), who was by Hermit, from Belle Agnes, by King Tom, from Little Agn;s, by 'The Cure, from Misa Agnes, , be BIrdcatohar. This is the great Ormonde^ family. Utile Agnes, the grand darn ot Patno Afnes, was {nil sister to Ormonde's grand dam Folly, Ag&ei.; If my memory serrs* nte correctly. Mr. W. A. Long raoed Bsme Arnes with tuooesi. daring hfi Ylsit to Snglsnd tome yean ago, ' 