IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE, (copyright.) " 'vy 1 1 » - AN AUSTRALIAN STOR Y. f V1 ' ' - UY IVAN D £ I T S. B, — m CHAPTER XXIV.<— Contin ued. Barr lifted a half-finished letter fj.'om under a sheet of blotting paper. It was ths letter he had been so engrossed in when startled by Edward's voice. As the latter glanced at it he snw that it was addressed to his mother, and contained a full account of the tragic death of her son. 44 Another day and you would have been too late to Btop that," Barr said, in a husky voice. 44 It would havo killed her. Thank Gods I was in time." 11 In one hoar I can go home with you, 'if you care to wait. If not, you know whe re tbe house is. I have several letters fpom home for your" Barr said. 44 Ob, I can wait for an hour, I assure you. I have been well schooled in waiting lately," smiled the young man. Barr, however, did not put him to the ordeal of waiting even the hour, for in half that time they were speeding in tbe Essen- don train to wards the former's home. 44 They think you are up aloft," whispered Barr, as they nearei tbe house ; 44 1 must go first and let them know the truth, or they will perhaps object to my bringing a ghost home with me/1 In a few minutes he came to the gate with Mrs. Barr at his lide and beckoned Tt&tlo-; veth np. Mrs. Barr's greeting: was a cordial -one, for she looked upon him as one really risen from the dead. Before he was allowed to shut himself up with his letters, his host insisted upon, his having lunch, and, that over, he made hastily for his room and opened his 'budget of letters; He took them according to the dates on tbe envelopes, and thus he bad a consecutive history of events in St. Coduinb'a Cove. The letters from Inez were of an affec tionate character, but tbe 1 ftter dated ones were mostly written by his mother. Tbe last one be had to open was very roluminous, and he found tba i it was dated from St. Columb's Cove, on th e 5th of Sep tember, 1871, and from bis mother. It was A3 follows : — 44 My dearest Son, — 44 It is only a sense — a very sttrict sense — of my maternal duty to you which impels mc to send you the information contained herein. Knowing me as you do„ you can well believe me when I say that I would rather be in my grave than be th us forced to inflict the pain which I know this will give you. 44 Not to keep you in suspense, I may aB well tell you at once that Inez haB proved unfaithful to you (oh, that I should live to have to say it !)" Trenoweth put down the letter at this juncture and stared vacantly at tbe wall in front of him. The news was so sudden that it fell upon him like a thunderbolt. 44 Inez, unfaithful 1" He had never even reckoned on the possi bility of suoh an ending to his love dream. Tbe awakening was a rude one. For twenty minutes he thus sat, and then, Blowly lifting the fatal letter, he began to read again. 44 It is as well that you should know the whole story that it is my painful taBk to tell to you, I begged Inez to do so, as it was her duty, but she refused. 44 In the beginning of June two strangera — touriBts — made their appearance at St. Columb's Cove. They were staying near Tintagal and spending the summer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th of June our friend Edwards drove them over here andi being visitors of some distinction, he brought them to our house. On learning that they were from Australia, I gave the heartiest welcome, for I thought I might possibly learn something of my beloved son in that far-off land. 44 Inez was at home, of course, and we entertained them for the greater part of the day. They said they were what in Austra lia were called 'squatters' and both Inez and myself were bo interested in their de scriptions of the region you are now in that we probably prevented them seeing many of the points of interest in tbe neigh borhood. " To remedy this, I asked them to pay an other visit, and arranged to get Pengelly to set as guide for them. 14 They readily consented to this, and ihree days subsequently Charles SimpBon and John White — for such were the names they gave— again visited St. Colnmb. : u I did not notice that either of them paid more attention to Inez than might be expected under the circumstances ; and, as . their general bearing was most gentlemanly & and respectful, I had no idea that anything \ j would happen from the visits. j "I might say, that on the first visit I told Charles Simpson of the intense interest I ' felt in Australia through my only child being there, I further said that Inez was your betrothed, 44 1 did this so that there could be no pos sible misunderstanding ; but at the time I had no idea that Inez was likely to prove fickle. " On several other occasions tbe tourists paid visits to St. Columb ; but, a9 there are bo many placeB of legendary interest to be seen, I did not attribute the slightest im portance to the visits. 44 On several occasions, I now recollect, Inez was away from home for two or three hours at a time ; but, as she was in the habit of visiting the villagers, aB you know, I could not be expected to connect her ab sence with the Australian tourists. I after wards learnt that, at least twice, she went to meet Charles SimpBon. 44 At the end of two months I began to notice a change in tbe demeanor of Inez, She seemed dissatisfied and irritable in an unusual degree, and her absences were moie numerous and more prolonged than . before. - ' \- 44 1 bore with it all until one day the truth ' was most unexpectedly revealed to me by old Peggy Penhaveii, who nursed you, and who has loved you like a second mother. I 44 The good soul came to me as a sort o , accredited messenger of the villagers to let me know that all was not right — Inez Jas per was almost daily in the company of one of the visitors who had lately'driven over to St. Columb. 44 The jealous villagers had watched the meetings, which took plaoe near the Black Rock, on the road to Tentagal. It was be yond doubt that the pair met as loverB, and the villagers, knowing that I must be igno rant of the action taken by Inez, resolved that I should know. " I can assure you, Edward, that at first I was incredulous, for I could not bring my- selfi to believe that the child I had reared co aid act so treacherously. 44 When the old nurse went away I sat down and pondered deeply over the oummu- riication 1 had just received. 44 Tbe more I thought the more firmly was I convinced that it was my duty, both for your «ake and for hers, to speak to Inez on the subject. 44 It was six o'clock when she returned, and as she passed me to go to her room I thought sb e seemed somewhat agitated. 44 When she returned I asked her in the "kindest way where she had been. 44 4 1 just went to see Mother Penhaven,' she answered. 44 4 Was she at home ?' I asked. 44 4 Ob, yes,' replied Inez. 44 This answer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew that Inez had told me a lie. 44 1 went to her, and, taking her hand in mine, said : 14 4 Do you remember, Inez, when Edwarc! bade yon his last good by ? Do you remem ber promising to be faithful to him and that only death would part you?' 44 4 People, when they are young, promise many foolish things which never come to anything,' she answered with a forced laugb. 44 4 People, young or old, should not break solemn vows without abundant cause/ 1 said sharply. 4,4 And have I not abundant cause ? 4 she broke out in a torrent of passion. 4 1 have not heard from Edward for more than a year ; and it seems to me I will have to wait until 1 am gray haired if I wait for him to get rich and marry. But I am not going to wait. I am engaged to Charles Simpson, and arrangements are already made for our marriage at Tintagal to-morrow.' 44 The suddenness of this revelation gave me a shock. I dropped her bands and was about to turn Bilently away, when I remem bered my duty to you. Turning to her, I said : 4 " Will you do your duty as far as you can and tell Edward what you have done ? It will spare me a trial.' " ' No !' she answered, passionately and decisively. 4 1 will tell him nothing, nor hold communication with him. He treats me with neglect and 1 will return it.' 44 1 said no more, for my heart was too full. I went to my room, and when 1 came down in the morning 1 iound a curt note on the table from Inez, telling me that she had left St. Columb for ever, as she was to be married that day and, with her husband, would immediately take her departure to Australia. 44 Thus without a kind farewell to myself or the villagers, she flea from our midst. She came amongst from we knew not whence, and she has gone from us we know not whither. 44 My dear boy, I have now told you all, and I pray you may be strong and not allow this most unfortunate event to blight your life. We are all in God's bands, and He does everything for the beBt. You always have the blessing of your affectionate mo ther, and I pray God yon will soon forget yonr false love and find a faithful heart to take her place. When may I expect to see you ? I am very lonely now." The letter concluded here, and in his des pair Trenoweth crushed it convulsively in his hand. He must bave sat in the room for nearly three hours, when he wasiroused by someone knocking at the door. Recollecting that he was a guest, he tried to calm his agitation, and at once opened tbe door. He was confronted by John Barr, who jokingly reminded him that time was flying and suggested that he must have found his correspondence interesting. In the dim light he did not notice the pallid face of bis guest, but as he stepped into the passage the change in his features was apparent. 44 What! Bad news? I am sorry for that," Trenoweth took him by the arm and led him into the room, handing him the letter as he did so. Barr hastily glanced through it, and then, taking Trenoweth's hands in his own, said: 44 1 don't want to be severe on you, but let me say that, instead of being thus plunged in grief, you should thank God at having escaped being linked for life to a woman such as this. She is one not only insensible to true love but also to gratitude. Are you going to wreck your life for one so unworthy of any sacrifice ? I will say no more now, but think to-night over what I have said. If you do not care to leave your room I will send you something." Trenoweth did not care to leave his room, and Barr left him to himself to fight out his own salvation. Even as Jacob wrestled with the angels, so also did Edward Treno weth struggle with his passion that night ; and, ere morning dawned, he had obtained the victory. The guardian angels of good sense and fortitude came to his rescue, and he regis, tered a vow that he would blot the image of Inez Jasper entirely out of his mind for ever. CHAPTER XXY, bischoff. When Trenoweth appsared in the break fast room next morning Mr. and Mis. Ban were surprised to find the young man in such good spirits. As he shook bands with Barr, he whis pered : 44 1 have taken your advice, my good friend." 44 Good ! Be firm !" replied Barr. 41 You will want the day to yourself to answer your mother's letters and give an account of your long silence," his host said to Edward as he was leaving. 41 And mind," ho added, turning back, 44 the mail goes, to morrow." Trenoweth was anxious to write to his" mother and explain his long silence, and he sent away an unusually long epistle, which it was fated she would never see. He touched lightly on the dangers he had gone through, so as not to unduly alarm the good soul at home. He announced bis in tention of returning to, St. Cjolumb's Cove within a few months- - - His idea was that, if hiB mother did not like to leave the old home, he would remain there also ; but, if she would emigrate, he intended coming back and taking up his permanent residence in Melbourne or some other part of Australia. The sunny southern land was beginning to charm him, in spite of the trials and dis asters he had experienced. The progressive character of the people and the boundless resources of the land con vinced him that he wonld do much better in the young country than in old Cornwall. The associations at St. Colnmb could not but be painfnl to him, and his resolution was fixed to return provided his mother was agreeable. The next morning, as he was glancing over the daily paper before breakfast, a tele gram from Lannceston caught hiB eye which made his heart beat faster. It was a simple announcement that valu able deposits of tin ore had been discovered in the nortU-weBt of Tasmania, not far from Emu Bay and in close proximity to Mount Bischoff. A slight description of the locality fol lowed, and as he read Trenoweth knew that it was in tbe vicinity of the place where he andbismateB had found favorable indications of staniferous areas after leaving the Three Hummocks Island. His resolution was instantly taken. 44 Do you know if there is a boat going to Circular Head, Esau Bay, or any of the north-west ports of Tasmania to-day ?" he asked of Barr, 44 1 will soon tell you. But what do you want to know for ?" replied his host. 44 If there is I em going there at once. Read this." Barr took the paper with some surprise and read the telegram carefully. Then he said : 44 1 thought you had had enough of this prospecting work for a time. The west coast of Tasmania is not a pleasant place, though not quite so bad as central Austra lia. You can get plenty of water, at any rate ; but the food is scanty, and tbe fonst and scrub are awful." 44 1 have been to this looality, as I told you, and I am sure th&t; a vast deposit of tin exists there. In fact, my intention was to go to the place in a few days and further prospect it ; but yon see there is no time to be lost if I want to make anything," Edward answered. "Besides," he went on, 44 there is sure to be a rush to the place, and there is little fear of anything bad happening to me." 44 Yes, I dare say you are right," returned Barr, who had been clo3ely examining some papers. 44 1 find the only boat leaving for Tasmania to-day goes to Launceston ; but you can join a service there which will take you to Emu Bay, or you can get overland to Bischoff. The boat sails in two hourB from now, so that not a single moment is to b< lost. The preparations whieh Trenoweth had to make were few, for Barr told him be would send a cable message to big agent in Laun ceston to buy the necessary outfit and also secure a berth in the coastal steamer. Bidding Mrs. Barr a hasty adieu, Edward and his friend went into the city, and two hours later the former was steaming down the turbid Yarra on his way to Launceston. Early next morning be was at the Tatnar settlement; but, early as it was, Barr's local agent was awaiting kitn. The latter knew him through his former visit, and,having heard of his reputed death, was a good deal surprised to see Trenoweth, for he thought Barr — which would be most unusual with him — had made a mistake in the name he sent. 44 1 was under the impression," Fraser said, as he cordially greeted Trenoweth, 1 that I would never meet yon again except in the kingdom of shades . It seemed almost csrtain that you must have perished in that confounded place." 44 Well, here I am at any rate I and with much more experience than when I last saw you," said Edward. 44 Yes; I believe that." The boat to Emu Bay did not leave until noon. Fraser bad already engaged a passage on it for Trenoweth, and the necessary articles were obtained and put on board. As Edward was walking up the street in a somewhat abstracted frame of mind, he was surprised to hear a sweet voice — at least it seemed sweet to him— call ; 44 Mr. Trenoweth." Turning, he found himself confronted by Miss Ryan, of Cape Barren Island. She looked even more surprised than he did, as she said : " I was almost doubtful that it cauld be you, but I was determined to make cer tain. I bave been watching you for five minutes. You know, Mr. Trenoweth, we heard such— such very bad news." 44 1 am moBt delighted to meet you, Miss Ryan. How are yonr father and mother and all on the island ?" volubly enquired Edward, a3 his face lighted np with real and unfeigned pleasure. 44 They are all well," the girl answered ; 44 but we beard such bad tidings of yourself and party. Of course, we took a great inte rest ia your expedition, and we watched tbe papers for information, knowing where yon intended going. Six months ago we read a dreadful account of what bad happened to yon ; but I am so glad to find that it was a mistake." 44 So far as I am concerned, it was a mis take ; but, I am sorry to tell you, that I must believe my good mates, Grey aud the brothers Norton, perished in tbe wilder ness." Neither of them spoke for a minute or two, when Miss Ryan said : 44 Are you going to stop here for long, Mr. Trenoweth ?" 44 1 sail in an hour for Emu Bay, and from thence I am going to Mount Bischoff. You see I am still in quest of fortune." The girl looked greatly disappointed, as she said : 44 1 suppose you will not be able ;to visit us again at the island ? It i3 such an out- of-the-way place." 14 1 hope that in a few months I will have time to see you., I will certainly take the first opportunity." Seeing Fraser approaching, tbe conversa tion was brought- to a close, and Trenoweth went down with his friend to the vessel. Soon after, the boat lifted her anchor and went down the stream, and in the evening Emu Bay was reached. . Considering the importance of, the find— or, rather, considering the importance which Edward attached to it— he was surprised to see the little stir it made. In Launceston no one was apparently aware of the' discovery, and Oven at Emu Bay the few inhabitants took very little notice of it. — To bt Continued. W F 17 