Hip BARREI HOIOUR. Chapter XIX. y HOW WOLVES AND FOXES DIE. There is Cosmo Considine, sending Satanella along as if he had another spare neck at home, in case of accidents, ? and as if ho had 10 companions in the stable (instead of a brace) to replace her if she comes to grief. There is Lord Eoncesvaux, riding as jealous as any of them, though he would scorn to confess such a weakness ; thero is a fiorco light now in his broad black oyes, though the listles?ness has scarcely left his face. There is Nick Guns tone, holding his own gallantly, discreet enough to give ' the swells ' a widish berth. And there in the van of tho battle, flutters the bright-blue habit, and gleams the soft golden hair. ' How very fortunate !' Helen Vava sour cried. 'We are just in the right place ; they must cross the road, and we ?shall see all the fencing.' Mrs. Brabazon was more experienced than her companion, and, indeed, bad been no mean performer over a country in her day. She shook her pretty head negatively, as she answered — ' I am afraid not, dear, unless thero is an unusual amount of chivalry out to day, I have been looking at that place, and I believe it is simply impracticable. They must get round it somehow, and the hounds will loave them here.' Tho old groom, standing at the pomes' beads, touched his hat, in assent aud approval. ' Y'on're quite right, my lady,' he said. ' There's no man in these parts as would try that fence ; no more there didn't ought to. It's hard on a thirty foot fly, ilet alone the drop;, and it's a broken neck or back if you falls short, or hits a rail.' ' The impasse is evidently well known, and the leaders of the field appear to be very much o£ the speaker's opinion ; for instead of following tho hounds down the middle of the pasture, they begin to diverge on either- side, the huntsman setting the' example. Will Darrell takes fences as they come, very cheer fully, in an ordinary way ; but a great general has no business to risk his life like a reckless snblaltern ; and the idea of being laid up with a broken limb so early in the season is simply intolerable. ?With Lord Roncesvaux's servants duty stands first of all ; they know that no credit won by mere hard riding would excuse a fault of rashness, or soften the implacable Master's anger. Cosmo Considine acknowledges tbe necessity of a compromise, growling out an impreca tion in some strange outlandish tongue ; nnd ' Pelagia's pilot, after a hurried word exchanged with the Major, for : whom he has a great respect and esteem, follows him to the right, utterly disregarding the remonstrances of his impetuous charge. Even Niek Gun. stone thinks that this will be rather too strong an illustration of his favorite theory, and reserves the young one's steadying lesson for a more convenient \- season. A few sceptics determine to judge for themselves, and ride right down to the fence ; but one glance satisfies them, and they gallop along it in both directions, rather (losing, ground by their obstinacy than otherwise. Amongst these is Lord Clydesdale. Perhaps the Earl is aware of the proximity of the pony carriage ; nt any rate he thinks it necessary to make a demonstration ; so he takes a ; short circuit and pretends to charge the fence, with, much bluster and flurry. Santiago behaves with chanty and court esy, is very amiable, considering the pro vocation he has undergone, and tries to save his master's honor by taking on * himself the odium of a decisive refusal. \- But the sham is too glaring to deceive the veriest novice ; Maud Brabazon's ' smile is marvellously meaning, and Miss Vavasour's curling lip does not dis semble its scorn. Half * a minute later Maud happened to be looking in an opposite direction ; , m exclamation from the groom, and a a low cry, almost like a moan, from her companion, made lier turn quickly. Helen had dropped the reins ; her hands were clospod tightly as they lay on the ?bear-skin rug, and her great eyes gleamed bright and wild with eagerness and terror ; they rivetted on a solitary horse ? 'man, who came down tho fence straight and fast. ' Alan Wyverne had been baulked at the brook by someone's crossing him, : and the pace was so tremendous that even Bed Lancer's turn of speed had not yet quite enabled him to make up lost ? ground. It so happened, that he had ridden along that double on his way to tho meet, and though he fully appreci ated the peril, he had then decided that it was just within his favorite's powers, and consequently ought to be tried. Truly, at that moment, the pair would have made a superb picture, Alan was sitting quite still, rather far back in the saddle ; his hands level and low on tho Withers, with hold enough on Red Lancer's mouth to stop a swerve, but giv ing tho head free and fair play ; his lips slightly compressed, but not a sign of trepidation or doubt on his quiet face. Tho brave old horse was, in his way, quite as admirable ; like his master, he had determined to get as far over the fence as plucV and sinew would send them ; so on he came, with his small ears pointing forward dagger-wise* mo mentarily increasing his ppeed, but measuring every stride, and judging his distance, so a3 to tako oft' at tho proper spot to a line. They were within 80 yards of tho rails now, and still Helen Vavasour gazed on —steadfast and statue like — without a quiver of lip or a droop of eyelash. Maud Brabazon's nerves wero better than most women's, but they failed her then. She felt, a wild desire to spring up and wave Alan back ; but a cold faint shudder came over, and she could j only close her eyes in helpless terror. Th ire came a rush of hoofs sounding , on elastic turf — a fierce snort as Red Lane; r rose to the spring — aud then a dull s nothered crash, as of a huge body's falling. Ma id felt her companion sink back by her sido, trembling violently : then she heard a hoarse exclamation from the groom of wonderment and applause ; then Wy verne's clear voice speaking to his horse encouragingly, and then — sho opened her eyes just in time to see the further road-fence taken in the neatest possible style. There had been no fall after all. Red Lancer's hind hoofs broke away the outer bank of the ditch, and he 'knuck- led ' fearfully on landing ; but a strong practised hand recovered him just in time to save his credit and his knees. Negotiations were entered into soon afterwards witn Mr. Macausland, and powerful arguments brpught to bear upon his cupidity ; the austore Presbyterian compromised with the unrighteous Mam mon, so far as to suppress the obnoxious middle ditch and render the fence barely practicable. But they point out the spot still, as a proof of the space that a perfect hunter can cover, with tho aid of high courage and strong hind- quar.tors, if he is ridden straight and fairly. The elderly groom, who is saturnine and sceptical by nature, prone to undervalue and discredit the exploits of others, when one of bis fellows speaks of a big leap, always quells and quenches the narrator utterly, by playing his trump-card of the great Rylstone double. It is almost an invariable rule — if a man by exceptional luck or pluck 1 sets ' the field, tbe hounds are sure to throw up their heads within a couple of fur longs. Fortune, as if tired of persecut ing Alan Wyverne, gives him a rare turn to-day. There was a scent, such as one meets about twice a season. . The field, spread out like a fan beghs to converge again, and the front rank are riding like men possessed to make up their lost ground; All in' vain — nothing with out wings would would catch the ' flying bitches ' now, as they . stream over the broad level pastures without check or stay, drinking in the hot trail through wide up-turned nostrils, mute as death in their savage thirst for blood. Itjwas a trivial triumph, no doubt, hardly worthy of a highly rational being ; but the hunting instinct is one of thed strongest in our im perfect nature, after all ; I believe it falls to the lot of very few to enjoy such intense, simple happiness as Wyverne experienced for about 18 minutes, as ho swept on alone, on the flank of the racing pack, rejoicing in Red Lancer's unfaltering strength. Such a tremen dous burst must necessarily be brief. As Alan crashes through the rail of a great ' oxer,' an excited agriculturist screams, ' He's close afore you.' Close — the bounds know better than you can tell them. Look how the veterans are straining to the front. Suddenly, as they stream along a thick bullfinch, old Bonnibelle wheels short round and glides through the fence like a ghost ; her comrades follow as best they may — and a savage worry. Alan Wyvene, too, turns in his tracks ; and driving Red Lancer madly through the blackthorn, clears himself from the falling horse, just in time to rush into the rescue, and — with the aid of a friendly carter, who uses whip and voice lustily— to save from sharp -wrangling teeth rather a mutilated trophy. (To be continued.') 