A PARLIAMENT of TASMANIA. I -O' LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday. June 27, 1894. The President (Hon. Adye Douglas) took the chair at 4 p.m. PETITION. Mr ROOKE presented a petition from the Northern Tasmanian Licensed Victuallers Association, signed by the hotelkeepers in 'Launceston and its immediate neighbourhood, praying that clubs should be put on the same footing as hotels in the matter of hours and licenses, and that hotelkeepers be enabled to recover debts in the same manner as other tradesmen. The petition was read and received, and notice was given that a motion to have it printed would be made next day. AN EXTRAORDINARY SITUATION. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. Wm. Moore) said he wished to explain that when he last appeared in the chamber it did not occur to him that he had not been sworn in since re-election. (2 Oh, oh.") He had been ill for three months, and when he came down to the House it was his duty to present him self for the oaths, and it occurred to him that as he did not undergo the ceremony then he had better do so now. (Hear, hear.) Mr. McCALL and Mr. Piesse then formally introduced Mr. Moore, who took the oath and subscribed the usual declaration. PAPERS. The CHIEF SECRETARY tabled the Central Board of Health report for 1893, and the report of the Maritime Conference, 1891. The papers were ordered to be printed. ASSEMBLY MESSAGES. The Premier and Mr. Archer brought up the address of condolence agreed to by the Assembly for presentation to Madame Carnot and the people of (France and also the address of congratulation to the Queen and members of the Royal family of Great Britain on the birth of a son and heir to the Duke and Duchess of York. On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY consideration of the addresses was postponed till next day. Mr. Fenton and Mr. Davies brought up a bill to further amend the Waratah and Zeehan Railway Act. The bill was read a first time and ordered for second reading on Tuesday. LIABILITY OF TRUSTEES. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the second reading of a bill to further amend the law relating to trustees. The bill was much required and ought to have been on the Statute Book long ago. Its object was to transfer the liability of trustees to estates. The bill was read a second time and taken into committee. Clause 2-" Short title." Mr. DOUGLAS pointed out the existence of a literal error in the citation of the bill as the Trustee Act, 1893, and moved the substitution of 1891 for those figures. Agreed to. Clause, -" Trustee or executor or ad mmis tratorä kbe registered as a shareholder in any company '' Mr. PIESSE moved rbs insertion of the following proviso :-" i have nothing herein contained shall be construed to empower any trustee, executor, or administrator to hold a share in any company unless empowered so to do by the instrument creating the trust." ; Mr. DOUGLAS characterised the amendment as likely to be mischievous, and offered to pit his law on the matter against that of the Attorney-General. I Mr. GRUBB said he knew from experience that formerly a trustee could not hold shares under a will. Mr. DOUGLAS : Where did you get your law ? How long ago was that? Mr. GRUBB .- It was the law 20 years ago. Mr. CROSBY supported the amendment, and suggested it might go further and limit the time to which a trustee could hold doubtful securities to 12 months. Mr. ROOKE said that as a matter of justice to the estate trustees should be relieved of the onus of this kind of security. Mr. DOUGLAS said that the bill would only apply to Tasmanian securities. The amendment was agreed to on the following division :- Ayes (8) Messrs. Piesse, Crosby, Gellibrand, McCall, Hooke, Lamb, Page, Grubb. Noeh (7) Messrs. Moore, Grant, Douglas, Watchorn, Coote, McGregor. Gibson. The bill was reported with an amendment, consideration of which was ordered for next day. THE TAXING BILLS. PROBATE. On the Order of the Day for the second reading of the Probate Duty Bill being called Mr. ROOKE protested individually against going on with any taxing bills until the whole of such measures for the present session were before the Council. He moved that the order be discharged till the following day to give the Government an opportunity of sending up the Customs and Land Tax Bills. For political purposes the Council had been misrepresented to the colony in the past, and he wished to prevent anything of the kind this session. Mr. DODERY thought the step proposed was necessary. The Council had been mis- represented as foolish and childish in its action, but what it did last session had had the good effect of ousting the then Government on their financial proposals and send- ing in other men. It should be understood that they would postpone the consideration of these bills from day to day till the rest came up. The CHIEF SECRETARY said that he had no desire but to pull with the Council. His object in placing the bills on the notice paper was to expedite business, but if members wished the whole of the taxing measures before them he would agree to the postponement, and consult his colleagues with a view to getting the remainder of the bills up. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PIESSE, while not opposing the motion, pointed out that, even when the rest of the bills were received they could be only dealt with one at the time. Mr. GELLIBRAND said that members could not refer to the other bills until they were before the Council, and he would do his best to delay procedure with the present measures until the whole of the taxing bills had been received. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was made an order for next day. The Income Tax Bill was also postponed. ADJOURNMENT. The Council at 5 p.m. adjourned till the next afternoon. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday Tithe 27, 1894. The Speaker (Hon. B. S. Bird) took the chair at 4 pm.. HOBART HOSPITAL. Dr. CROWTHER asked the Premier if it was his intention to spend the £1,000 left by the late Mr. Solomon upon the erection of a children's ward attached to the Hobart Hospital, and thus assist to relieve the distress among masons and the artisans out of employment! The PREMIER (Sir Edward Braddon) replied that inquiry had been made as to the bequest, but as the will had not, so far, been proved, it was impossible to say whether the Government had any power to determine how the £1,000 left by Mr. Solomon to the Hobart Hospital should be dealt with. Dr. CROWTHER also asked the Premier was it a fact that a locum tenens was required for the Hobart Hospital, when there was a paid by the State an assistant medical officer, an out-door parish medico, a gaol do., also four honorary medical officers, who derive great advantage from the institution, and who, in consideration for the same might easily do the little extra work required in an emergency like the present? The PREMIER said he was endeavouring to arrange for the discharge of Dr Maxwell's duties during his illness by calling in the services of the Government Medical Officer of Health, and Dr. Smart, and who, with the assistance of the honorary medical officers should be able to conduct the affairs of the hospital without aid from other sources. The matter had been fully represented to the Hospital Board. (Hear, hear.) LOYAL CONGRATULATIONS. The PREMIER submitted the address prepared by the committee to be forwarded to the Queen relative to the birth of a son to their Royal Highnesses of York, and moved its adoption as follows: To -the: Queen's Most Excellent Majesty. Most Gracious Queen. We, the members of the Legislature of Tasmania, in Parliament assembled, beg to assure Your Majesty of our continued loyalty to Your Majesty's Throne and person. We desire to offer our most hearty congratulations to Your Majesty, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and the Duke and Duchess of York upon a birth of a son to their Royal Highnesses of York, and the consequent assurance to the nation of the succession in a direct line of Your Majesty's family to the Throne. The address was adopted. THE LATE FRESH ENT CARNOT. The PREMIER said that in reference to the unfortunate assassination of President Carnot he moved that the following address be adopted To MADAME- CARNOT AND THE PEOPLE OF THE REPUBLIC- OF FRANCE. We, the members of the Legislature of Tasmania in Put liament assembled venture to intrude upon you in your sacred sorrow to express our heartfelt sympathy with you and your family in the terrible bereavement that has loaned to you the precious family head, used to France the Statesman and President who has so ably governed her. Agreed to Both addresses were then forwarded to the Legislative Council for the concurrence of that Chamber. WARATAH AND ZEEHAN RAILWAY. The amendments in the bill to amend the Waratah and Zeehan Railway Act were agreed to, and the bill was finally passed. LAND TAX, 1804. L Resumption of adjourned debate on an amendment to Um matter that Mr. Speaker leave the chair and the House resolve itself into Committee of Ways and Means to consider the land tax resolution : such amendment being That, while recognising the 1 justice of giving relief to mortgagors, it is the opinion of this House that the proposed im- position of an uniform tax of 3d. upon the capital value of land will be inequitable, and prove oppressive to the small property holders in the colony," Mr. WOOLLNOUGH said it appeared to him, and very much to his astonishment, that the majority in the House was willing to tax capital invented in real estate st twice the amount, and in many cases at mere than twice the amount, that capital invested in any other form would pay. To impose id. in the £1 on capital invested in real estate was, at 5 per cent upon the capital value, 6s. 8d. in the £1, and if that invested capital realised less than "> per cent., so in proportion, according to the Treasurer's proposal, the tax ran from 7s. 6d. upwards. (Hear, hear.) The position was in no ways altered as regards the incidence of taxation on capital invested in real estate by the exemption of mortgagors The mortgagor's interest in the land, according to this proposal, still remained, for he would pay Id. in their! and Is. 6d. uDOn the supposed 5 per cent, interest upon the only capital that remained to him-the only capital which was beneficially his. Compare the position of the man who had invested his capital in real estate with that of the man who had invested his capital otherwise, or call it personalty, and the latter only paid Is. It might be argued that the man who invested his capital in, personalty made less than 5 per cent.; he generally made ' fTf, but if he made less than 5 per cent., he was to pay s proportionately less tax. If the other man realised less than 5 percent, he would have to pay more taxes a most extraordinary anomaly, surely? (Opposition cheers.) He was surprised when he heard the Treasurer boast of the great advance that had been made in the legisla- tion of this colony by having changed the basis of taxation from annual value to capital value, Mr MULCAHY : A very good assured. Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: I regard it, on the other hand, as being the most mischievous and the most unstatesmaclike step that this House, to my knowledge, has ever taken. (Hear, hear.) In the first p Isca, it broke the first canon of taxation, for the result of rankine capital value the basis of their taxa- tion was that the less a man earned upon his capital the more he had to pay, or, in other words, he had to pay more in proportion to his being less able to bear it (Hear, hear.) And what was the present Government's excuse ! Simply this-that by taking capital value as a basis, they were enabled to get at the "land-grabbers," who took advantage of the unearned increment, and could not be so got at by the annual assessment basis. Very well. Having got at him however, and in by no means the best way, they had got at him at the cost of every real estate holder in this colony who made less than 5 per cent on his capital invested. (Opposition cheers.) The Government could not get over that. (Hear, hear.) And he maintained it was bad argument and bad policy (Hear, bear)-inasmuch'as the Government in its wisdom might have reached the men they wished to reach in some other way without doing a greater mischief to remedy a lesser one. (Opposition cheers. ) There were also other serious disadvantages to the holder of real estate by this proposal, for there were a number of rates and taxes which applied to real estate that did not apply to personalty. (Hear, hear.) So, however good the argument might be that real estate ought to bears larger share, it already did so, and this further inequality was outrageous. Another advantage which an investor in personalty had over the inventor in real estate, was that by the Income Tax Bill the Government proposed to let off anyone who. used personal exertions at 3d, instead of as. in the £1. He did not understand whether that was only to apply to a man who had no capital or not. If not, then there was a further injustice done to the investor in real estate. (Hear, hear.) Assume that two brothers invested £3,000 each-one in real estate and the other in personalty. Under the Government's proposals the man who went in for real estate paid to the State £12 Is., and the other paid nothing. Was that justice? (Opposition cheers.) He was fully aware of the financial needs of the Government, and utterly disbelieved in the roseate view of the financial position taken by the late Treasurer in unfolding his budget at the commencement of the present session ; be did not see from the Customs returns (unless some extraordinary and unexpected change came about) that the country would be in anything like the position Mr. Henry predicted for a length of time; the temptation was therefore great on the part of the present Treasurer, after exhausting the Customs, to go again to the land, because it was the most easily reached, and because the landholders were a body of men who had suffered so long as to have become exceedingly long suffering-a miserable and unhappy body of men who had invested capital in real estate ; but he would warn the Government that if they did not take care they would be killing the goose a very stupid goose to allow it, he admitted-which Isyed more golden eggs than any other in the country. (Opposition cheers.) The Government was proposing to pile further taxation on the land, dis- proportionately-(Hear, hear) as compared with personalty, and especially certain classes of personalty, and thereby were contributing to check one of the most permanent source! of future prosperity. (Hear, hear.) Another question was, did not the Government proposals bear down most inequitably upon a certain class of small investors in real estate ? He thought it was unquestionably be. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. Lewis had shown in his speech what had already been shown in that House ad nauseam, namely, that the small landowners in this colony were, by virtue of indirect Customs duties which they had to pay, and which they were not in such a position to pay as those better off than themselves, being pressed very hard. There, therefore, should be certain concessions given them to make up for this. (Hear, hear.) Then again, in their income tax proposals clothes stolen from the late Government- the present Government was affirming the right to exempt altogether from direct taxation all the investors of capital, other than those in real estate, up to the amount of £3,000. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : No. Opposition Members: Yes. Mr. WOOLLNOUGH : That was most in- equitable. What was sauce for the goose should be sauce for the gander. Yet the Treasurer had taken up the position of saying that anything else than a uniform tax on real estate was inequitable. In the same way the Minister of Lands had declared that he held that the small landholders in paying the full Id. would only pay their proper share of the taxation. He, too, would by opposing the amendment by voting in accordance with the principles he had frequently expressed. It was to the majority of the liberal members of the other side of the House that he appealed, particularly to the Attorney- General. (Opposition cheers.) They were men who held the uniform rate of taxation to be inequitable and unjust, and had frequently spoken and voted against the principle of it. (Hear, hear.) He was well aware, having been in the House two sessions, that political life, if it was to eventuate into anything of good to the colony, must be more or less a compromise, but he had yet to learn that such compromise of necessity brought with it the sacrifice of principle. (Opposition cheers, and Mr. Henry : " That is the note,") He did not entertain that view of the political conscience of the Attorney-General and other members which seemed to have been taken by Mr. Dobson on the previous night. (Hear, hear.) He was a greater optimist than Mr. Dobson, and his opinion was that the Attorney-General and others would like to keep their consciences free from such a sacrifice of principle. Mr. MULCAHY: Hear, hear. Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: Why don't they do it then? (Laughter.) They are going to vote for the amendment (Renewed laughter.) What did the amendment bind them to, but simply to accept the practical adaptation of the principle as Government measure ? Mr. FENTON (nodding in the direction of the Opposition benches) : And going over there. Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: What right have you to take it as a vote of confidence? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: We do. Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: You believe & that principle. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : I do not believe in it, and never advocated it Exemption is not graduation : the hon. member ! (st Brighton may confuse them, but other people don't. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WOOLLNOUGH would not bandy words with the Attorney-General. They say all agreed that the principle of graduates was desirable, and they all understood what it meant The argument used against the late Government was that they were connected with a bastard system of graduation. (Hear, hear.) He called system like theirs a degradation of graduation. (Hear, hear.) It was said that the Government had appropriated the clothes of the late Administration, and he did not know but they had a right to do so. There could only be two reasons why the liberal members-the majority on the other side of the House would not accept the amendment He had already endeavoured to show that none of the Opposition side of the House had put the amendment forward as a want of confidence vote. (2 Oh.") Mr. MULCAHY : What else is it? Mr. WOOLLNOUGH : Well, I have not heard, it If it was, of course it put the Government in a more difficult position. There was another point. How on earth could they expect to carry on public business when everything connected with it was made more or less a party question? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Hear, hear. Stick to that Mr. WOOLLNOUGH : I do stick to it, and I know of no more illustrious instance of the bad results it has produced than that of the Attorney-General. ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) , Mr. DOBSON : Stick to that The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (to Mr. Woollnough): I endorse every word you say. (Continued on Fourth Page.) 4t , -? . (PstrtUmant Continued from 3rd Page ) Mr. WOOLLNOUGH There were but care valid reasons which could operate on the sands of liberal members on the other side of the House for voting against the amend tent In the first place there was the present wretched condition of party which might cause the Government to fear that in giving way to principle they might possibly sacrifice the support of one or two conservative members who were joined with them, in that unnatural alliance which was common to both sides of the House and which had caused so much mischief in the previous Government If the conservative Members assail ited with the present Govern- lent remained with them they would be placing themselves in a very awkward post Sion, for the men with whom they were associated would surely bring about grade a tion when an opportunity offered The other reason why liberal members invest the State to accept the amendment was, that by so doing they might put them selves in opposition with another place He understood that feeling but if there was any body of members in the House who ought to be free from the temptation of going up their principles for the sake of the other House it was the liberal member;. (Hear, hear ) The) surely might just, as he trusted, the great body of the people the constituencies whosentthemthore I Hear, hear ) They wished, indeed, to meet the public cr Editor speedily, but they wished this to be done ju fly They were infav ur of graduation (Hear, hear) He trusted that for once those members would see their way to follow principles and do justice instead of sacrificing them to Government and part) He did not believe that by so doing they would lose that side of the House, and he appealed to them as men of liberal principles to try and do justice to a body of men who must otherwise suffer seriously The ATTORNEY GENERAL said Mr Woollnough some time ago alluded to him self as the baby of the House and it was evident from his speech that heat the present time maintained in a great measure the infantile innocence be then credited himself smith. (Voices "No, no, and uproar, and cries of order ). The SPEAKER You must allow the hon member to speak The ATTORNEY GENERAL said they all knew the gentlemanly instincts, and usual gentlemanly conduct of Mr Dobson, and could sympathise with him in the disappoint- tent he was suffering in being compelled to sit on that side of the House they had had a specimen of Mr Dobson's ignorance on the previous night and he would refer to that later He would like first to thank Mr Woollnough for the manner in which he had characterised the sham graduation proposals of the late Ministry (Hear, hear ). That bad relieved him of the necessity of applying to them the terms which he had intended Mr Woollnough had made some extraordinary statements in his address which had conveyed to him the impression that Mr Woollnough had not yet mastered the ABC of the principles which applied to the taxation of land. (Hear hear ) For instance, he had said that by changing the basis of taxation on land from the annual value to the capital value, that the less a man earned the heavier be was taxed But the annual value was fixed arbitrarily year by year, and the tax was paid on that whether he earned more or tes money (Hear, hear.) Mr. WOOLLNOUGH said he had been on a Board of Assessment for four or five years, and no one knew better than he that there was an annual reassessment The ATTORNEY GENERAL But unless the Board to which Mr Woollnough belonged acted differently to other boards, they did not attempt to alter the annual assessment of a farm simply because a particular tenant was likely or unlikely, during that particular year to make a profit They fixed the value on the supposition of what any other man would give for it When Mr Woollnough had referred to graduation he -overlooked the greatest source of injustice in the present system of taxation, and which must ever make it a source of injustice that was the system of including the improve scenes on land together with the land in one valuation (Hear, hear.) He had always been an advocate of graduation in taxation, and he had never uttered one word in opposition to it Mr HENRY How about the bill, how about the resolution The ATTORNEY GENERAL I repeat what I say Mr LEWIS Are you going to resign ' i Laughter ) The ATTORNEY GENERAL I have abused the rotten system of exemption put forward as graduation (Hear, hear ). When a proposal was put before me to take £2 Is 6d from the man with £1,000 worth of land, and also to take the same amount from a man with £50,000 worth he said it was a mockery and a sham to call it graduation Mr HENRY That is dead The AT I OltNEY GENERAL The word graduation is not used in the amendment, but -the word exemption is Mr HENRY Show it The ATTORNEY GENERAL read the amendment, and said the proposal to grant relief to the small landholders was the doctrine of exemption and not that of graduation He had always opposed such a system of exemption in the name of gradu- nation, for in the very fact of calling it graduation there was falsehood and hypocrisy And being on the question of hypocrisy reminded him of the speech of Mr Dobson the previous night When a man committed a crime he was very often haunted bythe memory of it, or possibly by some ghost that had been raised in connection with it, and he must constantly talk about it It was said that Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh, and well might Mr Dobson speak of infamous coalition, for no man knew more of infamous coalition, and was better able to speak of it than Mr Dobson He has obtained the support of members totally opposed to each other simply by the way which he has used to bring about an infamous coalition in the House a coalition which he (the attorney General has worked hard against and thus procured a dissolution By that degraded, that bastard system of graduation the late Government had secured the votes of men who, in their hearts hated the principle and also of those who believed in it because to the former they had said it is graduation the thin end of the case, and to the latter they said it is a very small graduation it is hardly gra station at all, and won t hurt you He would remind Mr Woollnough that for 11 or 12 years he had been a firm advocate of taxing land on the unimproved capital value (Hear bear) which he considered far more preferable to the present system of assessment (Hear, hear.) He had got the unimproved capital value tax through that House 8 years ago but it was rejected in another place When he saw there was no opportunity for placing the unimproved principle on the Statute Book and that the House was some what disposed to accept the principle of graduation on the present system of assessment he immediately recognised a pallid son of the injustice and inequity of the present system, and he endeavoured to get the House to adopt a real and genuine system of graduation But the House would not have it (A laugh ) The majority preferred the absurd system brought forward by Mr Henry A dissolution, however, took place and they came back with a House renewed by one third of its members The opportunity was then given to him to support the principle which he had advocated for 10 years or more and which he believed to be better than any system of graduation in the world. He did so. He accepted the land tax and the income tax on the terms offered to him and in doing so he believed he was true to his highest ideal, his truest conscience and his firmest conv letters on the matter (Opposition laughter and Ministerial cheers ) The hon member for East Devon had accused him of being guilty of tergiversation on the point of the income tax. He had occupied just the same posi- tion on this question as he did in regard to the uniformity of taxation of land. He disbelieved in its principle as applied to incomes derived from persons exertion, but be accepted it for the same reason as he gave way on the other point to get the taxation of land on the unimproved capital value in the future He might be a fanatic, he might be suffering an illusion, he might be altogether an idiot in believing so with reference to the point Mr DOBSON Think of the injustice to the 10,500 people (Interruption.) The ATTORNEY GENERAL Mr Speaker, I appeal to you-(disorder)-I appeal to you to keep the hon. member for Brighton in order (Laughter, cheers and counter cheers ). He might be thought very foolish in all that he had done but he believed the sacrifice was worth the price he was paying for it and he would pay it Mr NICHOLAS BROWN And perhaps you will not get it after all The ATTORNEY GENERAL Don't prophecy until after the event Why did not the hon member for East Devon charge him with tergiversation when he was sitting on the Opposition side of the House, and when he waved his objections to the income tax bill after the principle ad been agreed to in the House, so far as to help him to perfect the measure as much as he could (Ministerial cheers ) Why did not the hon member denounce him then * (Renewed cheering ) Perhaps the hon member only believed that the charge of tergiversation applied to mere lies sitting on the Government side of the House, or else he would have remembered how he himself had denounced the income tax on the public platform and before his constituents ("Hear, hear, and laughter ) So strong and so eloquent was Mr Henry in denouncing the income tax that be even con serted the hon member for Wellington Mr Fenton Mr HENRY That is only an imagination of his Mr FENTON I haven't recovered from it yet The ATTORNEY GENERAL Where was the difference in the position ' Mr MULCAHY He is as bad as you, only worse. I he ATTORNEY GENERAL If they accepted Mr. Henry s rule they must say that Ryan who had once denounced a system of assisted in unjust and improper must never become a member of a Ministry which drew its revenue from that particular taxi Mr. HENRY: Special pleading. The ATTORNEY GENERAL ¡ Nothing of the sort. The House had agreed to accept the income tax on two separate occasions, and so he could only say that if members, in spite of his efforts, would have it on the Statute Book, he would give way on condition that he could have with it taxation on the unimproved value of land, and if it depended on his taking office to bring about the latter he was willing to do it event en on such terms. This was his position, pure and simple; he did not receive one word he had said against the income tax, and he still hoped it would only prove to be a temporary measure in this country, and that it would be ultimately wiped off the Statute Book. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the amendment, and why the Government took it as a vote of want of rain evidence, he would say, to remove the infantile innocence of the hon. member for Sorell, that the Leader of the Opposition would, if his object had only been to relieve the small landholder, have waited until the House got into committee on the bill. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Lewis, however, did not do that. He adopted this form because if the amendment was carried the Speaker could not leave the chair to consider the motion at all. Now did the hon. member understand the position ? ' (Laughter.) Mr. DOBSON : Why don't you treat it, then, as a motion of want of confidence? The ATTORNEY GENERAL: The Premier told you so. Mr. DOBSON : No. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: Then I tell you now, we do uproar and laughter) and if the motion is carried the hon. member for Sorell will be doing the very thing he does not want to do. The success of the amendment will prevent him introducing what he wants into the bill. (Cheers.) How will be vote now (2 Hear, hear," and laughter.) Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: I wait my time. (Laughter.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : If the hon. member is as honest and as sincere, and as independent as I believe him to be, he will get up and announce his intention to vote against the amendment. ("Ob," and a laugh.) Mr. MULCAHY : And if he doesn't do it, what then The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: The hon. member for Sorell has denounced several of the proposals of the late Government in very, strong terms ; why cannot he take the same moderate course in regard to these proposals as he did in regard to them, and let them go into committee Mr. WOOLLNOUGH: What a pity we cannot speak twice in the House. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: I will move that you be heard. (Laughter.) The House will see now why the Government must treat this amendment as a vote of want of confidence, because if it is carried this this is dead Mr. DOBSON : That is not the reason. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: It is all very well for hon. members opposite to keep on interrupting me. That is the fact. Mr. LEWIS (interrupting) : I will ask your ruling, Mr. Speaker. (Ministerial dis- sent.) Is it correct to say that if this motion is carried the House will be unable to go into committee on the resolution ? There is no mention of the resolution in this motion, and if the motion is carried, the resolution can again be submitted and carried on a future day. The SPEAKER: I take it that the order, standing on the notice paper. Committee of Ways and Means, stands there permanently. If this motion now before the House,-" That I do now leave the chair " is not carried it will simply mean that I do not leave the chair " now," but it will be perfectly open to move to-morrow that I do leave the chair to consider any motion placed on the paper by the Government. (Opposi- tion cheers.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : But excuse me, Mr. Speaker. ('"Oh!") You have forgotten one important thing. You have to put that all the words after " that " be left out If the words are left out, where then is the resolution ? (Cheers and uproar.) Perhaps you will crack that but for them ? (Laughter.) Mr. NICHOLAS BROWN, who spoke amidst great interruption, said the resolution of the Treasurer was not now before the House. That resolution must be moved in Committee of Ways and Means. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER said he was quite prepared to answer the Attorney-General's question, and he would submit that the ruling he had River was quite correct The Attorney-General is right in saying that the motion will be gone - The ATTORNEY - GENERAL : Hear, hear. The SPEAKER : That motion being that I do now leave the chair - (Opposition I cheers) but the Order of the Day, Committee of Ways and Means, remains on the notice paper, and it will be perfectly open to move to-morrow to go into committee. As the hon. member for Richmond has put it, if the order is dropped from the paper, by a count out, or otherwise, it is quite competent to have it restored, and to take up the work exactly where it was left. If this motion is not carried the only result will be that we do not go into committee to-day to deal with the question. (Hear, hear.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: Oh, that is only playing with the question. (Roars of laughter.) If we come down to-morrow to move the motion, the House must go back on itself and rescind its previous resolution, or it must refrain from going into committee at all. (Sensation.) Will the hon. members of the Opposition appeal to the Speaker nor' ? (Ministerial cheers.) Practically the adoption of the amendment by the House would be to prevent the Government taking their resolution into Committee of Ways and Means, and where would Mr. Woollnough be then ? He would be prevented from grafting what he wanted adopted on to the proposals of the Government. (Laughter.) Mr. HENRY: You don't catch us that way. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said he should not follow Mr. Dobson in his tirade of the previous evening, nor would he lower himself to the level of that gentleman when he chose to behave as he did on that occasion. (*' Oh," and laughter.) As to the word democratic,' as used by Mr. Dobson, he had never himself before heard it applied to systems of taxation, but to the location and distribution of political power. The social Democrats of Germany, he know, desired to use taxation, not for the purpose of carrying on the government of the country, but to regulate the distribution of wealth within its borders. His own feelings had not carried him so far, but as to the hon. member Mr. DOBSON rose, amidst laughter, to protest ; the Attorney-General was trying to make out that he was a German Socialist. (Great merriment.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the hon. gentleman was so in love with this principle of graduation that it would be well to know if he was in accord with the people who advocated it at the other end of the world. (Loud laughter.) Mr. DOBSON : We cry for justice ; not for injustice. The ATTORNEY - GENERAL said his own leaning towards democracy would not take him as far as the German Socialists. He simply wanted to raise sufficient revenue to carry on the government of the country. Mr. DOBSON : justly and honestly. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Ab justly and dishonestly as possible, and that could not be the most just or the most equitable forms of taxation which opened the door to fraud and had a tendency to corrupt the community. While he was opposed to the income tax on that ground, it would be but losing the substance for the shadow if he refused to accede to it in order to secure something else of far greater importance. If Mr. Dobson only wanted to get perfect justice, he would tell that gentleman that no graduation in the world would do it, not even the extreme form which he had himself brought forward to remedy the injustice of the present system of assessment But be had only accepted it as a palliative, and he was now raising a higher standard of justice than all the gradations in the world Mr. DOBSON : You can do both if you like ; if you have the pluck. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: Because he saw the opportunity of removing the injustice it was necessary to inflict for the present year to meet the exigencies of the position and the demands of the public creditor. They would then be able to get the taxation on a new and fairer basis. ' Mr. MACKENZIE : Why did you not help the other Goverment to do it? (Opposi- tion cheers.) They were going in that direction. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : They were not going in the direction of unimproved capital value, but to inflict graduation on the basis of the present unequal assessment for all time. Now, the proposition was to introduce a temporary measure be as to ensure a far more equitable system in the future. Would Mr. Mackenzie understand that? (Laughter.) I Mr. URQUHART: He understands it, but he does not know what it means. (*' Oil," and a laugh.) Mr. MACKENZIE The necessities of last year were enough to make a man swallow almost anything. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that when Mr. Dobson was sitting on the Government side of the House they heard nothing about the justice of taxation, but were told that they must put their canons of taxation in their pocket and look to getting revenue first of all. Now Mr. Dobson had changed sides they heard of nothing but justice, and the public creditor and the exigencies of the position took second rank altogether. He Mr. Clark) had recognised the exigencies on both sides of the House, and that consideration impelled him to accept this measure so as to get something better for the future. (Hear, hear.) The valuation offered by the late Ministry ran great danger of, being defeated in another place. The bill of the late Ministry ran great risk of being defeated in another place. But there was good reason to believe that the temporary proposal now made would pass into law, and give an opportunity of getting passed paraaoantly into law taxation on another assessment which he considered more Just even than extreme graduation There was a time to resist what might be regarded as the encroachments of another place, but he had alway is regarded statesmanship to be the meeting of emergencies with existing institu tions-(chccrs)-and dealing with the greater questions of reform at opportune times (Renewed cheers ) He would not be ashamed as long as he held the position of a Minister to make the best possible use of the ir stitutions and machinery at hand Mr Dobson had argued that the exigencies of the State were so great, to it the canons of taxation were not to be considered Wore the relations of the two Houses of any loss importance to the colony, were they in an j way inferior or superior to the question of just or unjust tax ntion thatched should stand in the way of a settlement of polio? He would have thought that as a matter of justice taxation was superior to the relations of the two Houses because it affected the ex ory day life of the people, whereas the relations of the two Houses were only a question of much more by which the taxation was imposed 1 t_t Mr Dobson said that the question of the work to be done, equitable or inequitable was quite secondary to the method by which the taxation was to be imposed Mr DOBSON rose to a point of order and complained that the Attorney-General was turning about what he had said He said exactly the opposite to what Mr Clark was representing him as saying The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that he was glad to have obtained that admission from the hon. member, because it came to this that the methods he and his colleagues were taking to secure the taxation of the colony on a more equitable basis for the future were justifiable It justified them in yielding to the wishes of another place for the time. No man in his senses would refuse to accept a temporary aggravation of an evil to securing permanent removal and the substitution of something more tangible an 1 just (Cheers ) Any man who would not accept such terms was a fool and an idiot (Ministerial cheers ) Mr. HENRY said that the real issue had been so fully and clearly stated that discussion might very well cease. He could add little to the admirable manner in which the advantages of a graduated land tax over a uniform tax had been put from the Opposition side of the House, and the weak defence offered by the Government. But he would address some remarks in reply to the Treasurer and the Attorney-General He could not hope to follow the Treasurer through ins long and characteristic statement Mr URQUHART Want the brains (Laughter ) McHENRY Yes brains of a peculiar order (Renewed laughter ) The Attorney General had introduced a red herring in the form of the unimproved capital va no tax, but that was not the question before the House Members had to consider whether they should have a uniform or graduated land tax (Opposition cheers) The treasurer had again tried to draw the House into a finan nal discussion, and there were several glaring errors in his bLUes, but this was not the time to call attention to them. But he supposed the Treasurer would show the House on the revenue for SEts was to be denied It had not been done yet while the Treasurer a statement on what amount he was g gg to get from the income tax was not at all satisfactory In a most unwarrantable statement the Treasurer had for the second time accused the late Ministry of losing revenue for fall On the question before the House, would the Treasurer say that the remission of £6 000 in taxation was not a large amount to distribute amongst the small property owners of the colony The TREASURER K R Among 12,000 people Mr MULCAHY Twopence a week. Mr. HENRY Lien that was a consideration when a man had to pay 5s for taxes at the end of the year Under the proposed uniform tax a man with a £500 property would pay £2 Whatjuatihed the remission to small property holders was that they were as much entitled to some concession as small incomes (Cheers ) Their (the Opposition) position was based on justice and equity, and he defied anyone to shake it When the Attorney-General said the question of taxation was not a democratic one it shows that he not Mr Dobson required teaching on the subject The tendency in England was towards graduation and he instanced the house tax as a piece of legisla- tion which provided a double graduation the AT TORNEY GENERAL Yes but land is exempt Mr HENRY A million of revenue was still derived from land tax in England The mORNEY GENERAL Not under this bill Mr HENRY He had no doubt, without wishing to pose as a prophet that it was only a question of time when there would be a graduated land tax even ml ngland (Cheers ) One portion of the treasurer's statement was to the effect that the general! policy of the present Government was to impose a greater amount of direct taxation than indirect taxation I whilst the truth was that this was the policy of the late Government (Hear, hear ) When he heard that statement by Mr Fysh his mm 1 reverted to the proposals of the last Fysh Govei,ament,wh»n it was proposed to deal with the financial difficulties then arising by imposing it 5,000 additional taxation through the Customs alone and not Is from realised wealth The ei j bed rock of the policy of the late administration was graduation and a relief to the small holders, all through (Hear hear I the late Government proposed to increase probate duties on realty yielding £10,000 an income tax (excluding all with 1150 incomes and under) Lob 000 and a land tax (exempting small holders) on a graduated scale 232 000 and £30 000 from Customs Nov the present Government proposed to levy a land tax of id all round, without any graduation and without exempting the small property holders but on the contrary proposed to increase the burdens on small property holders by 6') 000 From Customs they proposed to raise 9-8 500 and the late Govern ment £30,000 It was somewhat of a farce for the treasurer to come down in that benevolent style with which they were all familiar-(laughter)-and saying, " We increase the burdens on the wealthy and decrease in direct taxation (Opposition cheers ) Because the late Government proposed that measure of relief of £9 600 to the small property holders and proposed graduation they were turned out by a ' Liberal party, and then the present Government had stolen most of their clothes and claimed them as their own (Opposition I cheers) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL You took £05 GOOD from Customs whilst in office Mr HENRY denied it. It was all very well for the Attorney-General to interject, but could he get over the fact that the late Government went more to realised wealth and tried to relieve the struggling small holders'' Mr DOBSON That's the point Opposition cheers ) Mr. HENRY They had heard a good deal about altering the existing system of assessment, but that required very mature consideration The Premier had claimed to be regarded as the poor man's friend It struck him (Mr Henry) that possibly his popularity in the Premiers own district had been purchased by a liberal expenditure of public money, and in that way, no doubt, the Premier did prove a friend to many local farmers (Laughter ) There was one notable instance where, in obedience to an ignorant clamour in the Premier s district, Sir Edward Braddon was in detrimental in throwing away £7,000 on a swim, bridge over the River Forth although protested against very loudly by those who knew the circumstances H (Mr Henry) believe the bridge had only been opened once since it was finished (Laughter ) That was a specimen of how public money had been wasted (Hear, hear ) As to the Attorney General A MEMBER Give it him Mr HENRY No be had no desire to " give it him,' for he believed that on broad political questions there was no man in the Assembly with whom he was more in accord, if the Attorney General would only give his better nature fairplay-(laULhtei)-but when he found him contending against what be (Mr Henry) believed to be good government and sound policy, and the interests of the true Liberal party in the House, he denounced him as a traitor to that Liberal interest which was the best in the interest of the colony (Opposition cheers ) In trying to defend himself in the position he had taken up, the Attorney General had cut a sorry figure, evidently feeling the humiliating position he was in He commenced by talking the member for Sorell a baby The ATTORNEY GENERAL When spoke of his infantile innocence" I mean'' that the member was misled as to the purport of the amendment that he did not see the game which is to prevent us going into committee on the bill Mr HENRY thought that according to the Speaker's ruling the Attorney-General was the " infantile innocent,' and Mr Woolf nough the sage old man (Loud laughter ) The ATTORNEY GENERAL The Speaker has not ruled yet Mr HENRY Will he deny that he suggested that Mr Dobson was not a gentle I man ' The ATTORNEY GENERAL No I say that from a parliamentary point of view his conduct was not gentlemanly Mr HENRY Abuse is no argument (Opposition cheers ) That's a very bad way of arguing Then it was said that gradua- tion was a sham The ATTORNEY GENERAL Your graduated system Mr HENRY The £1) 000 of relief to the small holders was not a sham The ATTORNEY GENERAL I deny they were small holders who would benefit Mr HENRY said the facts would speak for themselves The graduation was there, and the late Government stood defeat in sticking to it (Hear, hear) Was it not a fact that the present occupants of the Ministerial benches secured two votes of large landholders-the members for Deloraine and Selby - in turning the late Government out upon it (Opposition I cheers ) What was the good of words J »den men did not act accordingly The actions of the Attorney-General re I minded him of a skit expressed in the lines- J s There Is Andrew of Radical fame Ills words prov n him Liberal or nothing His actions prove What firm name The measure of graduation introduced by the last Government was a Liberal measure, and the Attorney-General had proved a traitor to the Liberal interest He reminded him that " our acts our angels are, if good. if all, our fatal sim loss s that walk' (Hear hear) He defied them to tell him how graduation was to be carried out unless some men escaped, and there was a distinction between the classes He appealed to the liberal members who believed in a graduated land or any) other tax whether it was not wiser to secure it step by step rather than by attempt ing too much at one time, (Hear, hear.) The AttorneyGeneral in order to get a tax in which he believed, had sacrificed a tax that was within the reach, on the chance of getting one that might be re ji cted (Hear, hear ) He had sacrificed a truly Liberal measure in the hope of a chance in the future of getting a tax he believed in, and in doing so had made a grave mistake in the interests of the Liberal Party (Hear, hear ). The Attorney-General had said that the House should consider whether a tax was likely to meet with opposition in another Chamber, an 1 defended the uniform tax on the land because it was likely to meet the acceptance of the other Chamber He had said that there was a right time for ever) thing, and surely) the right time to defend the privileges of the House was when those privileges sure attacked That time always came when there was a necessity for in creased taxation (Hear, hear ) The AT TORNEY GENERAL The privileges have never been invaded, so far as I know Mr HENRY The Attorney-General was a party to upholding the rights of the House in KB when they were invaded, and he was glad to find that he had stood up for those rights if he forgot that he must have a bad memory Was it statesmanship to yield up the privileges of the House, the privilege of the initiation of taxation at the time of need ' He would never sit quiet in the House and hear that date table doctrine preached It was because the necessities of the country had in the past been taken advantage of by another (chamber, and they had chosen the particular times of necessity to demand a certain form of taxation, that the existing taxation had become so inequitable, that so much was obtained from the Customs and be little from wealth No one knew that better than the Attorney-General It had been charged against the Attorney- General that his turning round, both on the income tax and on the graduated land tax, had been for the sake of office He, however, would do that gentleman the justice to say that he did not believe for one moment that it was his desire for office which led him to take the stop-press, hear) but he believed that it was some equally unworthy motive, and that it was nothing but party spite which had actuated him in the course he had pursued (Opposition cheers ) I be Attorney-General had expressed a wish that party Government should stink in the nostrils of the people. An hon member who pursued such a course was guilt) of glaring inconsistencies and was not following a wise or dignified course (Hear, hear) It was not so much party Government as an institution that was wrong, as the abuse of it, and in the Attorney-General there was a living illustration of that abuse (Hear hear ) The Attorney-General's conduct for the past eight years had been such that there was not a man of his talents and position in the House who had done so much to lower the tone of public life as he. He hoped the better side of his nature would have more fair play in the future, and that he would not stoop so for personal or party motives The Attorney-General had said that at one time he (Mr Henry) had opposed the income tax That was incorrect, but the Attorney-General had denounced it as a most iniquitous tax when it was brought for ward by the late Government but now when in office and with the same emergency, he was himself burning it forward The ATTORNEY G GEN ERAL I am not, I came here and found it carried by the House. Mr. HENRY But the Attorney-General and his Govern- ment bad fathered the tax They had previously denounced the income I tax, and said that trade licenses were the cure, and if they came in and found the in come tax passed by the House they might [ have thrown it out and resorted to the other Whatever the result of the division might be he was content, but he believed, and so did other Opposition members, that if the result was against the Government although they had declared that they would take it as a vote of want of confidence, they would swallow it (Opposition cheers and Ministerial cries of " No they won't ") the SPEAKER said that the Attorney-General had said that helmdaskedfor a ruling which had not been given i Hear, hear ) He thought that he had answered all points raised by the Attorney-General, but if that was not so he would be pleased to give the ruling required. The AllOKNriYGFNERAL said the question he raised was that if the amendment was carried the resolution proposed by the Treasurer could not again be brought before the House without the House going back on itself or persisting in passing the amendment over and over again every time it was brought before the House. The SPEAKER thought the Attorney-General overlooked the fact that there was no resolution before the House now except the one "that the Speaker now leave the chair " The resolution referred to was subsequently to be moved in Committee of Ways and Means The ATTORNEY GENERAL said the motion that the Speaker do leave the chair was considered a substantive resolution If the amendment was carried they could not again go into the matter unless the House went back on its amendment or persisted in repassing it The 'ii BAKER did not see it in that way, because the amendment would practically be an instruction to the committee to amend the a resolution so as to make it more accept able and less burdensome to the small land holders Mr FENTON thought the debate was drifting into personal abuse, which had nothing to do with the land tax The Opposition could not be quiet in their present position, though it should be plain to them that they were put in it, because they were considered unfit to govern Tasmania If some of their proposals were taken hold of by the present Government, so much the worse for the framers the late Government gave no relief to the mortgagee, and that was why the Land Tax Bill was rejected by the House The present proceeding was a common sense one. It was useless to make a chance in the present system this year if it were to be remodelled in 1805 once more. The Opposition were as inconsistent as the members of the Government, no more and no less, and Mr. Henry in particular, was not the apostle be made himself out to be The bridges over the Don and the Forth were monuments to his using his political influence in a wrong direction, and so the less mud throwing they had the better. It was useless to attack the Attorney-General who had the confidence of the House-(Cheers)-and the poisoned shafts hurled at the hon. gentleman would only recoil on the heads of those who cast them Personally he would be glad to see the tax reduced, or done away with altogether, but under the circumstances of the colony he was sorry that could not be agreed to, and so they must submit to the burden Mr BURKE said it was desirable that they should not dra v from any source of taxation more than its fair share of the burden lies uniform Id land tax would have the effect of imposing 100 per cent more on land than was l-iposedon incomes and some other forms of realised wealth The value of the real estate of the colony was 20 per cent less now than when the last value tion was made, yet it was on the old valuation that this uniform Id tax was to be levied, and the effect of which would be to make a man pa) 25 per cent more than he ought He illustrated the effect of the tax on a man investing or 00J in land as compared with a man investing £5 600 on mortgage The first named would pay Girl and the latter £7 10s As the hon. member for Woollnough - (loud laughter) - had said it was evident that landowners were being taxed out of proportion compared with other lives tors He was perfectly certain that very few members (could explain the effect of the unimproved capital value tax, and candidly con tossed that he could not see where the great benefit from such a tax would come in There was nothing of party spirit in the amendment An increase of 3d on landowners of about £5,000 downwards would put them to very great inconvenience, and in some instances might cause them to lose their little home steads It was well known that he Mr. Burke was not in favour of the graduated land tax, and be wanted no misconception about that Did not the small farmer pay more largely through the Customs than any other class of the community Under the circumstances he would vote for the amendment Mr SUTTON said that his mind wandered back to last year's debate, when what was urged was what should be done in the interests of the country Instead of that they had now been discussing at great length the question from a party and factious point of view The question before the House was uniformity or graduation He unhesitatingly said that he was in favour of graduation-not for the same reasons as some hon members, but because, properly applied, it would take from a man taxation according to his means With regard to consistency on the part of members who voted last year for graduation, he quoted from his election speeches to the electors of South Launceston to show that he objected to graduation when it was to be used as an engine of confiscation Then there were the questions of a new assessment and proper relief to mortgagors While not saying that he would support a tax on the unimproved capital value, he would notice that it could not be done There was no reason why a man with £10,000 worth of property should pay Is 6d in the LI, while another with £10,000 in money only paid Is The only way he could see to deal fairly and equitably with it was to tax the unimproved capital vane, and then the improvements by themselves. (Cheers ) The primary consideration of every member now should be as it ought to have been last year that of balancing the State lodger, and he questioned whether it was worth quibbling at the present time, and bringing about a crisis over such a small matter All honour to the late Ministry who got more direct taxation, but he regretted to see them quibbling as they were done-. He urged that all possible should be done to restore confidence, and despite all the taunts that might be thrown at a man for voting differently but who had not changed his mind, he would act on the argument of taking advantage of present means and vote for the Government His motives were the same They were to get this measure into committee (Hear, hear.) Mr. GILMORE said that certain fallacies in the speech of Mr Fenton prevented him retaining his seat in patience. Could Mr Fenton say that the late Government did not govern the colony properly, when they virtually saved the colony £l2f>,000, whereas their predecessors had in creased its indebtedness The late Government died in fighting for the principle of graduation Over that matter the Premier had been inconsistent, and instead of helping the Ministry, as he said, to carry their proposals he had dogged their footsteps, and finally gratified his ambition by securing a seat on the Ministerial bench (Opposition cheers ). The Opposition, at either in private nor at any of their meetings, had expressed a desire to make this question a party matter Then object was simply to got the principle of graduation acknowledged. Those who voted for that principle last year must again support it now to be consistent Even the Attorney-General, who did not support his graduation scheme on the hustings The ATTORNEY GENERAL Yes I did I took the notices of the House down and read and explained the scheme to the meeting. Mr GILMORE Then to be consistent, you ought to vote for us now (Opposition cheers ) To be consistent, and to do his duty to the country, he (Mr Gilmore) must vote for graduation, (Opposition cheers ) Mr. BEST said that no one could accuse him of having spoken one way and then voted another If there was one thing on which members should pride themselves it was consistency Mr URQUHART Obstinacy Mr BEST' There was no question about the meaning of the amendment If it did not imply graduation he did not know what it meant. Mr. MULCAHY And want of confidence j too Mr BEST He was not aware of any intention on that side of the House to regard the amendment in such a light A graduated land tax was fair, because every man should pay to the necessities of the State according to his means The only way taxation could be equalised was by graduation The income and probate taxes were graduated Were they to now draw the line and have a uniform land tax ' It was said that the tax would be only for this) year What guarantee had Parliament that a scheme would be introduced next year to give taxation on the unimproved capital value" While some might favour that kind of taxation, there were many against it, and when it came on there would be a pretty lively debate Were they justified in doing wrong now for something promised 12 months hence'' (Opposition cheers ) How some members would justify their votes to their constituents he did not know Anyhow, he would not like to be in their position [A Voice "Speak for yourself"] Well, he would, and urged that members should be consistent, honest, and sincere, and strive to do their best for the colony Opposition cheers ) Mr. DAVIES said that after listening very attentively to the speeches made during the debate he had come to the conclusion that if this was not a vote of want of conti dence he had never heard one (Hear, hear ) Mr Henry said that the real issue before the House was whether they were to have a graduated land tax or the present tax doubled He (Mr Davies) thought the real issue to be, how were they to get out of their present difficulties '' (Hear, hear ) As soon as possible they ought to make temporary provision for that it would be time enough afterwards to continue the fight of the last 18 months (Hear, hear ) Although he had always supported graduation, he would not allow things to drift further than he could help Had the taxation proposals of the late Government been passed last year, we should not have been in our present difficulties, but he would be no party to perpetuating the situation. (Hear, hear ) As he had said before, however desirous he might be of securing the adoption of certain taxation proposals, he would not oppose what might get over the difficulties for a time Rather than allow things to drift, he was prepared to swallow the present Customs proposals, which weroobjec tionablo.forwhileontheonohaudtheysaidtliey must not further tax the necessaries of life, they were getting increased taxation from the people by putting increased duty on the tools which enabled them to supply themselves with those very necessaries But that was done, and now there only remained the third and last act namely, the Land Tax Bill However unpleasant it might be, he was prepared A AlEMliKll To SW allow your principles Mr DA.VIS No, not to swallow his principles, but to vote to go into committee and see what could be done with the bill there He knew that the present Government was now doing much that they complained of against the late Government, but still be feared that this debate was out of place, this was not the time for further fighting between the "outs' and ins'-(Cheers)-that abominable practice must be abrogated at any rate during the present emergency (Hear, hear ). When they had got little house in order that they might fight out the graduation or no graduation principle He hoped they would now settle down to work and complete the business of the session as speedily as possible (Cheers ) No matter what was said on one side of the House of the other, he believed the majority were in favour of the Government obtaining enough of money to pay their way, and doing what they could towards squaring the ledger (Cheers ) Mr. ARCHER said he was pledged to oppose a graduated land tax as proposed by the late Government Mr MACKENZIE said it would come very hard indeed on those who had to make a living out of the land to have to pay additional taxation in the present crisis, but there seemed little help for it The proposals of the present Government were only those of the late Government somewhat " of turned up ' From what the Treasurer had said, he supposed the country was next year to have graduation up to the hilt He deprecated the tactics of the present Ministry, and their change of front as to graduation for this year Their actions were steeped in inconsistency Their motto should be-" Inconsistency ' By this we conquer " (Opposition laughter ) He did not think it unreasonable to expect the land to contribute a little more He, at any rate, hoped no further time would be lost in putting the finances straight (Ministerial cheers ) Mr. CRISP felt compelled, owing to exigencies of the State to vote with Ministers on this occasion though he did so very reluctantly He thought the proposals of the Government were very hard on property holders, as compared with investors in personalty and receivers of incomes He should only vote for such a policy temporarily The mortgagor, in his opinion, would not be much relieved by this Actatter all Property in tlnsisland had already been depreciated, and this increased taxation there would further depreciate it He was sorry that revenue could not be obtained instead, by new stamp duties or similar means (Hear, hear.) He was not satisfied with the Government's proposal, but he could not vote for another Parliamentary upset (Hear, hear.) Mr. VON STIEGLITZ would vote for the amendment because the present Government would further tax small landholders in a manner that they were not taxed in any of the British possessions It had been said that the railways had increased the value of property, but not in all cases in his electorate the railway had depreciated property Mr HAMILTON assured the House that graduated taxation in 180 would be more acceptable to his constituents than any present sham graduation Mr DOBSON What is it for 1893 Mr HAMILTON On the unimproved capital value Mr. LEATHAM said he supported the old Ministry and was no party to put the present Ministry in office, but now be felt the State must pay its debts. If the large landholders and small holders were equitably taxed, there would be no difficulty in finding the money. The poor man paid as much taxation on one acre as Mr Joseph Clarke paid on 40 acres He did not, however, mean to vote for putting the Government out They should have no more "ins and "outs" business, but do their best for the little island of which he was a native. ("Hear, hear' and laughter) There must be no more wrangling and no more party The motion to go into committee was carried on the following division :- Aykb (21) -Sir Edward Braddon, Messrs Clark, 1 ysb Pillinger, Gill, Crisp, Davies, Crowther, McWilliams, Dumaresq, Sutton, Mackenzie, Archer, Leatham, Bradley. W T. H Brown Hamilton,Mulcahy,Urquhart, Hiddlestone, Reibey Nobs (11) -Messrs Lewis, Dobson, Henry, Hartnoll, Woollnough, Von Stieglitz, Best, Barrett, Gilmore Burke Murray PARt For Mr Fenton Against Mr. Nicholas Brown In committee, Mr. Davies having taken the chair, Mr FYSH formerly moved the resolution as follows,-" That, in addition to the land tax levied and collected under the Land Tax Act, 1888 ' there shall be levied, collected and paid for the use of Her Majesty in the year 1894 a tax of 5 for every £1 sterling of the assessed capital value of all land in Tasmania, to be paid by the owners thereof, subject to such deductions as may be prescribed in respect of all land subject to any mortgage." Mr LEWIS thought no member could accuse him of being guilty of factious opposition as leader of Opposition in this matter. (Hear, hear.) The members of the Opposi- tion had fought out, in spite of everything, the great principle of graduation as against uniform taxation, and had been defeated by just two to one; but he now felt it his duty to endeavour to get some measure of graduation adopted in committee. He did not ask for a debate on it, but would take the decision of the committee at once. He proposed to strike out id in the resolution or the purpose of inserting words in accordance with the resolution moved by the late Government last session, namely, fcSOO to £1,000, Id ; £1,000 to £3,000, jd., £3,000 to £5,000, gd and over £3,000, Jd The TREASURER said that he would follow the example of the mover and leave the matter to the committee The resolution, as printed, was agreed to on the following division - Ayes (20) Sir Edward Braddon ; Messrs Clark, Fysh, Pillinger, Reibey, Bird, Urquhart Hiddlestone, Mulcahy, Hamilton, Bradley, Leatham,' Archer, Mackenzie, Dumaresq, McWilliams, Crisp, Sutton, Burke, W. T H. Brown Noes (10) Messrs. Lewis, Dobson, Henry, Hartnoll, Von Stieglitz, Best, Woollnough, Murray, Barrett, Gilmore Pair-For Mr Fenton. Against Mr. Nicholas Brown The resolution was agreed to, and embodied in a bill, which was read a first time, the second reading being made an order for the following day. A LAND CLAIM. Mr. SUTTON brought up the Select Committee's report on Andrew Kennedy's land claim, the committee reported that they had arrived at the following conclusions: " 1 That Andrew Kennedy purchased, at a sale of Crown lands hold in Launceston on the 15th of May, 1891, a lot of land for £35. 2 That after the purchase he was prevented from obtaining possession of the said land 3 That he wrote to the department asking for possession, but without effect, and that he was mulcted in a large sum in securing for himself that possession which the vendors should have given him. 4. That after the put, chase he was prevented from enjoying quiet and peace able possession from May 15, 1894, till April 30 in the succeeding year 5 'must be also lost a considerable sum during the mining excitement at Mount Zeehan through not being able to get immediate possession of his purchase 6 And that he has established a claim worthy of the favourable consideration of your honourable House " The report was received, and the committee stage fixed for Friday, ADJOURNMENT. The PREMIER in moving the adjourn- ment, intimated that the Land Tax Bill would be proceeded with next day. At 10 Fri the House adjourned till 4 o'clock the following day 