WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? •— Mrs. H. H. JKNNINUS lives at No. 211, Main btreet, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The bouse is an old one but in good order. One night early in December (18 ( J1) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left tta: gas burning, however, in the front parloar. At about half-past eleven they retained, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the holes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, aud in one hand he carried a long old-fashioted pistol. The women lied screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw 1 " During a recent period of ill hea'.h " writes an American trie d, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights aoout two o'clock I was suddenly aroused froT a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ;and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey! An which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed an! fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of jt, and the local old women gossip said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Yet 1 did and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, fo- J've never seen it since, and it is more tVee years a a o now No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nei ves wiu'play ou you when your system is out of condition, in March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster of Darracott Koad, Poke«down, Hants, wrote ns as follows :—" I was so dreadfully nervous could not bear anyone in the room with me yet 1 did not wish them far away in case I Bhould call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. i slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the tetter for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my huad and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry arid yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even 'that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone.i My memory completely laileJ. My head ached so dreadfully 1 thought i should lose my senses, and my iriends agreed that 1 would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what 1 was taking She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seit/el's Curative Syrup. As she seemed tj have so much faith in this medicine, I tri»d it, and in three days 1 wi.s able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstaiis. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat an 1 digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me," The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from j was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. Tho original cause was grief , and shock at tho violent death of her !:us- ' band, by accident, and the system rallied ! only when the Hymp had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned tho , ! nerves. Wlmtovor may bo your opinion of tho Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come fiom the inside of the. person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what, is natural and wholesome. Guff 