DTTNG0G SHOW. [By oub own Reporter.'] The eighth exhibition of the Williams River Agricultural and Horticultural Association has been added to the past aud left behind it very pleasant memories of a highly successful reunion which was alike a credit to the management and a monument to the prosperity, wealth and industry of the district. Dungog chows in previous years have been invariably wet, indeed the Association was so disheartened by continued unfavourable weather that early this season the members seriously considered the advisableness of disband ing the Society, but fortunately wiser counsels prevailed, and it was determined to make one more trial before giving up the ghost as it were. The result was that bountiful weather prevailed for the function on. Wednesday and Thursday, and the show was the most genuinely pleasant and suc cessful ever hold at Dungog. As we have previously recorded, Wednesday morning broke somewhat dull and a heavy, gloomy fog lay over everything like a pall, bo that the tops of Coorei, Mount M'Kinlay, and other rises which surround the town were well nigh invisible, aud this state of affairs remained until well on in the afternoon, when the haze lifted and left everything bright and coo!. The attend ance was not large when compared with the crowds which flock to exhibitions .it Maitland and Single ton, but ic was of considerable proportions for Dungog, and the accommodation at the various hotels was taxed to the utmost. Many of the visitors came from long distances, and Mait land was well represented by exhibitor and the general public, and the former were very mccesshil. Recent gold finds in the district served in no small measure to attract attention tc the show, but strange to say the denizens of the picturesque old town are apparently oblivious or careless of the fact that a veritable Eldorado is, as it were, peacefully lying in their back yard. Strangers to tbe locality, however, were obviously excited over the prospect before the district, but they could glean very little information, and to many Dungogites the Monkerai, Cherry Tree and the Whispering Gully appeared to be terra incognita. It was evident that the townspeople had made special efforts to make the place look at its best, and business houses were plainly freshly stocked, whilst some small attempts were made at ornamentation. The show ground was alive with bunting which cracked and fluttered in the breeze. This, with the gay costumes of the ladies, the moving crowds of pedes'rians and horse men, together with, the strains of the Dungog Band made the place seem happy and contented. On Wednesday, at noon, Mr. H. H. Brown, member for Durham, declared the Show open, and took oc casion to make a characterically pithy speech, in which he apologised for tbe unavoidable absence of the Minister of Works (Mr. Lyne), who was de tained by Parliamentary duties, and then visitors were at liberty to move around and thoroughly enjoy themselves. The grandstand which was used for the first time last year, was again well patronised, and affoided a splendid coign of vantage, from which the jumping and other com ?petitions, etc., could be witnessed. The accommo dation formerly provided by the Seciety for fat stock and pigs lately promised to be come inadequate, and so the difficulty was met by the erection of some sub stantial penB and styes, which were well occupied. There was great competition this season in the sections devoted to agriculture, and to house the exhibits the Association had to bnild a temporary tarpaulin-covered structure, which fully met its object. The contents were of a very varied charac ter, but the quality in the great majority of cases could not be improved upon, and it is very evident that the farmers and settlers on the Williams have thoroughly mastered the art of cultivation. There were particularly fine specimens of hay, potatoes, and other common vegetables, whilst the baeon and butter to the eye at least appeared delicious. In the centre of the ground near the prin cipal parade could be found the vehicles, machinery, and agricultural implements. Messrs. James Kiley and John M'Neall, of Mait land, — the latter not competing — sent some splendid buggies and sulkies, the work in which could not be surpassed, and Mr. Riley thoroughly deserved the awards which he received. The Great Northern Hardware Company, which has its head quarters at West Maitland, and which is managed by Mr. W. S. Harrison, sent a large collection of agricultural requisites, and gained many prizes, but it was not allowed to sweep the entire board, as Skillen and Walker, local manufacturers and importers, successfully competed in some of the sections. As may be imagined, this portion of the catalogue attracted much attention from the far miner community, and was a very fine show in itiBlf. Two or three exhibits of dairying utensils came in for much examination and criticism, and they were tested on occasions during the days. jUp near the main pavilion was a Jerger gold-saving machine, which was the cynoBure of many eyes, but we did not see it tried. The poultry pavilion was well filled, that is numerically speaking, but the quality of many of the birds was indifferent, and the great majority were in bad feather. Some of the Colonial-bred game fowls were worthy of notice, but taking this section all round it was a comparative failure. The greater number of the dogs were ill-conditioned brutes, although there were doubtless some valuable cattle dogs shown, whilst there were one or two fair greyhounds, but the terriers were valueless, and so space need not be wasted on them. When one looked round at different sections and got rid of an air of old acquaintanceship which is unavoidable at shows he discovered that the blood stock was middling. Kingston, who got first prize as stallion, would not win in fair company, but he is a good horse nevertheless, although he did not look his best as he has been in training. Voltigeur who was second is an old acquaintance, but the son of Splendor although a big strapping fellow is not at all in our line. None of the others were remark able, unless Ambition may get useful stock. Javelin, a black colt by Invader out of Stella, who won the prize for stallion under tbree years, was in much better trim than he was at Maitland, and he may yet win a race or two if he keeps sound. The yearling by Yellow Jacket out of a Tattendon mare shown by Mr. T. Irwin, is a useful sore, ouc ws am not nice any oi ms oppo nents. It i3 very difficult to judge foals with anything like precision, but Mr. W. Potter's : bay by the Musket horse Scot's Grey should furnish into a fair animal. The females were decidedly better all round than the stronger sex, and were of far mo:-e wen quality. Mr. .T. K. Mackay showed Second Queen in the aged class, and this daughter of Goldsbroughand Hebe should throw fine stock. She was decorated with tbe blue ribbon, as was her filly foal. A Drummer mare, the property of Mr. M'fjeod, waB a good second in the breeder's class. The same gentleman won the next class with a fair mare by Kings Own, a bay by the Arab Kars being second. The two-year-olds were too bad to be lo»ked at by the judges, but the yearling filly by Sweet William out of Leader, the property of Mr. B. B. Hooks is a beauty, and it will be a great pity if she does not be given a chance of distinguishing himself on the turf. The stallions and mares shown as those best adapted for producing weight-carrying hack neys were very good specimens and the mares were particularly suitable for the purpose. With the exception perliapa of Mr. H, H. Brown's big bay stallion His Royal Highness the coaching stock were not remarkable, but the member of royalty is an excellent fellow with splendid bone, good and it is said cost 600 guineas in England. There were some magnificent animals paraded among the draught stack, and Mr. S. Toot's Glad stone and Mr. A. H. Dawes's Pride of Singleton would take a great deal of beating in any show ring in the wirld. The former is on imported horee and ,was decorated with the blue ribbon, whilst Mr. Dawe's colt took the red, but as he is improving he will make a great battle with his Dungog conqueror when next they meet. However, Mr. Dnwes could not well grumble, for he secured the prizes for yearling, colt foal, mare over four years with the grand looking Daisy, three- year-old mare, filly foal, colonial-bred stallion, mare ditto, and was second in one or two other sections. There were many very fine active farm horses on view, and here we may mention that the pulling contest evoked much excitement. The horses were harnessed to a large iron monkoy weighing about 22 ewfc., and as_ the ground was somewhat heavy this object took a great deal of shifting. Eventually a bay gelding, tho property of Mr. W. Potter, and a black mare owned by Mr. R. Moylan were voted so equal that the judges divided the prize. Eaoh of these horses strained and tugged at its heavy burden until it was thought that they would drop from exhaustion. The hackney classes brought out tremendously big fields, but after all good horses were scarce. Victor, who won the list, class is a very fair sort, but it ia evident that his owner takes great pains with his appearance; he was as fat as mud, and we fancy he has seen his beat day. We are very doubtful about the correctness of the decision which gave Monarch and Mr. Hooke's chestnut the honours in the 14-3t. clas3, but we suppose the judges know best. The ladies' hackB were not up to champion form, but Mr. R. Taylor's chestnut that won is a smart sort of a lady. The ponies were very plentiful, and some oE the boys who rode the different paces and over the jumps are very good horsemen, and everyone of them was daring to recklessness. The competition among the hunters was a very bad exhibition of jumping, and perhaps with one exception, the old white gelding Rocket from the Maiming River district, not one of the horses com plied with the conditions. Some of them looked like plougti nags, others were pretty well crippled, and how ty the widest stretch of imagination they could be regarded as hunters beats U3. As may be imagined, Rocket won without difficulty, but as he had previously won the event two years in succession he was disqualified and the money went to old M.L.A., who was ridden by the well- known iockey M'Mahon. The buggy horses were bad, and there were only two sets of ponies shown in traps, and the prize here went to Mr. Sheridan's roans, although a protest was lodged that they were over height. As we have indicated all the cattle sections filled remarkably well, and there have been few better collections on the ground than the Alderneys and Ayrshires, with which as usual Mr. H. H. Brown was very conspicuous. There were not any 'sheep shown, and the fat stock was not remarkable. The main pavilion was wellfilled.butlittle attempt had been mads at decoration. There was a great sho w of pieserves and jams, whilst the butter and other produce was evidence of the splendid district in which it was produced. Saddlery and harness made a good showing, and a case of gold specimens from the Monkerai, Nowendoe, and other places attracted much attention, particularly one tremendously rich nugget from Mr. Mackay's estate. The various schools sent a fine collection of work, and the draw ings and paintings were in many cases admirable. Mr. R L. Pender, of Maitland, and some local fanciers showed a number of beehives, honey extrac tors, wax, and other results of the labours of the little busy bee, and they were much admired and examined by the curious in such matters. Beekeeping should be a popular and profitable industry in the Dungog district. Mr. Walter Bennett, the courteous and energetic pnniirtfnrn /vP 4: Via ooofinin tir»n irroa vorw mrirtVi in evidence on Wednesday and Thursday, and much of the success of the exhibition is undoubtedly due to his untiring exertions. He was ably assisted by many of his committee, and these gentlemen are to be congratulated on the admirable and gratifying result of their efforts. There was the usual array of Bide shows and refreshment stalls on the ground, whilst Mr. Harry Lillyman of the Bank Hotel, Dungog, dispensed liquid comforts. Following is a complete return of the awards made in the several sections : — Horses. — Blood Stock: Stallion, 4 years and over, H. J, Smith, Kingston, prize; P. M'Cloy, Voltigeur, second. Five entries. Stallion, 2 years and under 3, E. J. Dsyle, Javelin, prize ; N. M'Neil, second. Three entries. Yearling Colt or Gelding, T. Irwin, prize. Four entries. Colt Foal, W. Potter, prize. Five entries. Mare, 4 years and over, J. K. Mackay, prize ; Greg. McLeod, second. Nine entries. Mare, 3 years and under 4, Greg M'Leod, prize ; Gus Carlton, second. Only entries. Yearling Filly, B. E. Hooke, prize. Four entries. Filly Foal, J. K. Mackay, prize. Three entries. Stallion best adapted for producing weightcarry ing hackneye, Ales. M'Pherson, Frisco, prize ; Gus Carlton, Ambition, second. Four entries. Mare best adapted for producing weight- carrying hack neys, W. Potter, prize ; aud divided second with S. V. Smith. Nine entries. Foal by Figaro, D. J. Bruyn, prize ; three entries. Colt Foal by Lord Bacon, P. Landers, prize ; only entry. — Coaching Stock : Stallion 3 years and over, H. H. Brown, His Royal Highness, prize ; P. J. Fitz gerald, Young Lord Bacon, second. Only entries. Colt Foal, Gu8 Carlton, .prize.* Two entries: Mare, 3 years and over, J. Cavanagh, prize ; H. H. Brown, second. Ten entries. Mare, 2 years and under 3, S. V. Smith, prize ; Richard Tickle, second. Four entries.- Yearlice filly, Gus Carlton, prize. Two entries. Filly Foal, T. D. Hutchison, prize. Only entry. — Heavy Draught Stock: Stallipn, 4 years and over. S. J. Foot. Gladstone, prize ; A. H. Dawes, Pride of Singleton, second. Five entries. Stallion, 2 years and under 3, A. Hamberger, Jfoyal Champion, prize. Three entries. Yearling Colt or Gelding, A. H. Dawes, The Gem, prize. Only entry. Colt Foal, A. H. Dawes, prize. Three entries. Mare, 4 years and over, A. H. Dawes, prize; G. A. Mackay, second ; R. Moylan, S. V. Smith, highly commended. Six entries. Mare, 3 years and under 4, A. H. Dawes, prize. Only entry. Mare, 2 years and under 3, A. H. Dawes Maggie, prize, N. Carlton second ; three entries. Yearling Filly, S. V. Smith prize, A. H. Dawes commended ; four entries. Filly Foal, A. H. Dawes prize, Geo. Osmond recomended ; six entries. Stallion, colonial bred, A. H. Dawes Pride of Singleton, prize, R. W. Alison Clifton, second ; four entriee. Mare, colonial bred, A. H. Dawes Violet, prize, and equal with S. V. Smith ; ten entries. Heavy Draught Gelding, 3 years and over, C. Lenord prize, J. Johnson second ; nine entries. Best Filly Foal by Clifton, P. J. Fitzgerald prize ; three entries. — Active Farm Horses: Pair of Geldings or Mares most suit able for farm work, R. Moylan, prize; ¥. Page, Becond ; J. Johnnon, commended. 13 entries. Pair of Geldings or Mares, moat suitable for farm work, for holders of not more than 100 acres, R. McLeod, prize ; Fred Page, second. Six entries.— Miscellaneous Horses : Hackney (mare or gelding), up to 11 stone, J. Reynolds, Victor, prize ; John Graham, second; 29 entries. Hackney (mare or gelding), up to 14 Btone, E. W. Sparke, prize ; A. Hooke, second ; nineteen entries. Lady'B Hackney (mare or gelding), R. Taylor, prize ; J. Reynolds, second ; eight entries, Best style o£ Hunter, A. H. Dawes, M.L.A., prize; R. W. Alison, second ; ten entries. Draught Horse, in harness, RUbject to trial, W. Potter and R. Moylan, equal ; thirteen entrieB. Pony Stallion, not over 14 hands, E. W. Sparke, prize ; H. H. Rrown, second ; four entries. Pony Mare, not over 14 hands, F. A. Hooke, prize j twenty- one entries. Boy's Pony, not over 14 hands, J. K. Maekay, prize ; twenty-nine entries. Light Harness Horse or Mare, driven in spring cart, Skillen and Walker, prize ; eleven entries. Buggy .Stallion, Mare, or Gelding, driven in buggy, S. H. Lee, prize; four entries. Pair Ponies in buggy, John Sheridan prize ; two entries. Fastest Trotter, to be ridden, A. C. At kinson prize ; H. J. Smith second. 14 entries. Stal lion, Mare, or Gelding, driven in sulky, J. A.Jones, prize ; G. S. Waller second. Thirteen entries. Best Boy Rider, under 12 years of age, — Wallace prize ; J. MoPherson, second. Six entries, Fastest Pony Trotter, 14 hands and under, to be ridden, J. K. Mackay, prize j twelve entries. Best Pony Jumper over hurdles, M. Kealy, prize ; ten entries. Best gentlemen rider over 50 years, P. Landers, prize ; three entries. Cattle.— Durhams t Bull, 3 years and over, John Gorton, prize ; three entries. Bull, 2 years and under 3, W. Lowrey prize, P. Landers second ; three entries. Bull, 1 year and under 2, G. A. Mackay prize, F. A. Hooke second, G. Carl fcon recommended ; three entries. Cow, 8 years and over, G. A. Maokay prize, J. K. Mackay second; ten entries. Heifer, 2 years and under 3, J. K. , Maokay prize, F. A. Hooke second ; four entrieB. Heifer, 1 year and under 2, F. A. Hooke, prize ; five entries. Heifer Calf, under 12 months, P. Landers prize, G. S. Waller second ; six entries— Herefords : Bull, 3 years and over, Alfred Tighe, prize ; three entries. Bull, 1 year and under 2, G Osmond, prize ; only entry. Bull Calf, under 12 months, Thomas Irwiu, prize ; two entries. Cow, 3 years and over, E. Smith prize, T. Irwin second ; seven entries. Heifer, 2 years and under, G. Osmond, first and second ; seven entries. Heifer, 1 year and under 2, G. Osmond, first and second j nine entries. Heifer calf, under 12 months, T. Irwin prize, G. Osmond second ; six entries.— Devons : Bull, 3 years and over. N. Carlton prize, W. H, Abbott second ; Bix entries. Bull, 1 year and under 2, R. Allison prize ; one entry. Bull calf, under 12 months, R. L. Alison prize ; two en tries. Cow, 3 years and over, E. Smith prize, H. Wilce second ; eight entries. Heifer, 2 years and under 3, H. Wilce, first and second; six entrieB. Heifer, 1 year and under 2, E. Smith prize, E. L. Alison second ; three entries. — AyrBhireB ? Bull, 3 years and over, B. E. Hooke prize; R. L. Allison second ; two entries. Bull 2 years and under 3, H. H. Brown, prize; two entries. Bull, 1 year and under 2, J. E Irwin prize ; only entry. Cow, 3 years and over, R. L Alison, prize j two entries. Alderneys: Bull 3 years and over, H, H. Brown, Kirkham, prize two entries. Bull, 2 yearo and under 3 H H Brown, prize; only entry. Bull, 1 year and under A HV^i Brown' s'lver Bean, prize; only entry. Bull Calf, under 12 months, H. H. Brown, Silver Mine, prize; two entries. Cow, 3 years and °ver- H-TTH- Broivn' Si!ver Bel1 II» P'ze; B. E. Hooke, second; five entries. Heifer 2 years and under 3, H. H. Brown, Butter cup IV., prize ; three entries. Heifer, 1 year and under 2, H. H. Brown, Silver Looks III., prize ?. three entnos. Heifer Calf, under 12 months, H. H. Brown, Silver Bell VII., prize ; two entries.— Polled Angas Bull, 2 years and over, G. Carlton, prize; two entries. Cow, 2 yeara and over, V. Carltoa, prize ; only entry.— Dairy Cows : Milking Cow, any ago or breed, James WalBh, prize ; B. E Hooke, second ; twelve entries. Best Three Dairy ing Cows, in milk, producing the richest milk for butter making, B. E. Hooke, prize ; five entries.— Farmers Stock (open to farmers occupying not more than 610 acres) : Bull, 3 years and over, Ben. Cook, prize ; three entries. Bull, under 3 years, R. Moylan, prize ; three entries. Cow, 3 years and over, Thos. Irwin, pnze; eight entries. Heifer, under 3 years, T. Irwin, prize ; five entries. Fat Ox, James Barnes, prize; four entries. Fat Cow, Ben. Cook, prize ; three entries. Pias. — Boar, large breed (exclusive of Berkshire and Poland Ohina), J. E. Irwin prize, H. Crow foot second; three entries. Sow, large breed (exclusive of Berkshire or Poland China), J. A. Jones prize, T. Irwin, jun., Becond ; twelve entries. Sow, short breed, H. C. Dark, first and second ; sevan entries. Berkshire Sow, R. L. Alison, first and second; Bix entries. Poland China Sow, F. A. Hooke prize : five entries. Sow and Pigs, large breed, J. Johnson prize ; only entry, Sow and Pigs, short breed, R. Tickle prize, James Walsh second ; five entries. Fat Pig, over 6 months old, M. M'Donald prize ; five entries Fat Stock.— Durham Ox, B. E. Hooke prize, W. H. Abbott second ; ten entries. Durham Cow, F. A. Hooke prize, H. Wilce second; seven en tries. Hereford Ox, H. Wilce prize, E. Smith second; eight entries. Hereford Cow, E. Smith prize; only entry. Devon Ox, H. Wilce prize, W. H. Abbott second. Devon Cow, E. Smith prize, H. Wilce second ; three entries. Ox, any age or breed, G. A. Mackay prize, J. Walker second ; six entries. Cow, any age or breed, G. A. Mackay prize, H. Wilce second ; eight entries. Three Fat C\^re\yy a tit* o rrrx tw VwtnnA Xlf A Tr^—l-** _ * ? m Smitli Becond ; five entries. Threo Fat Cows, any age or breed, H. Wilce prize, E. Smith second; three entries. Heaviest and Primest Bullock on the ground, G. A. Mackay prize, B. E. Hooke second; five entries. Primest and Heaviest Cow on the ground, G. A. Mackay prize, F. A. Hooke second; five entries. Poultry. — Malays, W. Carter, prize ; R. W. Swan, second ; four entties. Colonial Game, W. Carter, prize ; R. W. Swan, second ; five entries. British Game, G. McLeod prize ; R. W. Swan second; five entries. Game Fowte (any breed), W. Carter prize; G. Osmond second; ten entrieB. Cochin China (buff or cinnamou) R. W. Swan first and second ; only entries. Brahma Pootra (dark), R. W. Swan prize ; two entries. Dorkings, R. M'Leod first and second; three entries. Leghorns (brown), R. W. Swan prize ; W. Carter second ; five entries. Leghorns (white), R. W. Swan first and second; six entries. Plymouth Rocks, R. W. Swan first and second ; eleven entries. Black Spanish, R. W. Swan, prize ; V. Carlton second ; five entries. Minorcas, W. Carter prize ; J. Thompson second ; three entries. Wyapdottes, A. W. McVIath prize ; three entries. Langshans, R. W. Swan first and second ; three entries. Spangled Hamburg, R. W. Swan, first and second; five entries. Black Hamburgs, R. W. Swan, prize ; two entries. Andalusians, T. Irwin, prize ; oniy entry, tfame Bantams, K. W. Swan, first and second ; foar entries. Bantams any other kinds, John Robson, prize, J. A. Jones, second ; two entries. Coon of Five Table Fowls, R. W. Swan, prize ; five entries. Cock and Hen (any distinct breed not previously mentioned), R. W. Swan, prize, G. Osmond, second; two entries. Five of any distinct breed, R. W. Swan, prize, W. Carter, second ; three entries. Guinea Fowls, W. Carter, prize, R. Reeves, Becond; four entries. Turkeys, Mrs. R. Moylan, prize, G-. Carlton, second ; three entries. Peacook and Hen, G. Carlton, prize ; three entries. Gander and Goose, S. Duggan, first and second ; five entries. Muscovy Drake and Two Ducks, W. Lowrey, prize ; only entry. Aylesbury Drake and Two Ducks, R. W. Swan, prize, R. L. Alison second ; five entries. Common Drake and Two Ducks, R. Reeves, prize, P. Landers second; nine entries. Pekin Drake and Duck, R. L. Alison, prize Johnson Becond ; six entries. Best British Game Cock or Cockerel, W. Lowrey, prize, G. Winkley second ; three entries. / Doqs and Other Small Animals, — Greyhound Dog, H. Wilson, prize ; eight entrieB. Greyhound Slut, H. Wilson, prize ; three entries. Cattle Dog, G. Walker, prize; 12 entries. Cattle Slut, Ben Cook, prize; two entries. Retriever Slut, J. Robson, jun., prize; only entry. Terrier, smooth- ' haired, black and tan Dog, G. Henriques, prize; only entry. Terrier, smooth-haired, black and tan Slut, A. Henny, prize; only entry. Fox Terrier Dog, R. W. Alison, prize ; five entries. Fox Terrier Slut, W. G. Young, prize; two entries. Pointer Dog, J. K. Mackay, prize; only entry. Pointer Slut, A. Henny, prize ; only entry. Spaniel Slut, G. Kennedy, prize. Two entries. Farm and Garden Produce. — Three bushels Wheat, W. Moore, first and second prizes ; two entries. Three-bushel bng White Maize in Cob, W. Moore, firet and second; 11 entries. Ditto Large Yellow Maize, R. Tickle, prize; W. H. Barnes, second; 19 entries. Ditto Small Variety Maize, John Johnson, prize ; B. Cook, second ; 16 entries. Ditto Early Mastodon Maize, T. Irwin, jun., prize ; T. Irwin, second; two entries. Ditto Hocran's Variety Maize, J. Johnson, prize; 14 entries. Ditto Golden Drop Maize, A. Henuy, first and second ; 13 entries. Ditto 90-day Maize, R. L. Alison, prize ; five 'entries. Ditto Oats, C. Leonard, prize; P. Landers, second; eight entries. Ditto Skinless Barley, C. Leonard, prize ; two entries. Ditto Malting Barley, C. Leonard, prize; two entries. Ditto Cape Barley, John Johnson, prize ; C. Leonard, second; four entries. Bushel Broom Millet Seed, M. Kealy, prize; W. Carter, second; four entries. Ditto Sorghum Saccharatum. W. Moore, first and second; four entries. Ditto Planter's Friend, W. Moore, first and second; eight entries. Bundle Clean Broom Millet, M. Kealy, prize; R. W. Swan, second; six entries. 281bs. Lucerne Seed, J. Johnson, first and second; four entries. Bushel Field Beans, A. Shelton, prize; C. Leonard, second; four entrieB. Bushel Field Peas, W. Berry, first and second ; fourteen entries. Half Peck Garden Peas, W. Moore prize, A. Shelton second ; six entries. Bale Lucerne Hay, M. Kealy prize, F. A. Hooke second; two entries.' Bale Oaten Hay, T. Carlton first and second ; four entries. Bundle TInpressed Lucerne Hay, M. Kealy prize, R. Moylan second ; five entries. Ditto Oaten Hay, R. Moylan prize, A. Hamberger second ; eleven entries. Ditto Hun garian Millet, A. Henny prize ; only entry. Bag Wheaten Chaff, J. E. Irwin prize, W. Moore second ; four entries. Bag Oaten Chaff, A. Ham berger prize, H. Deard second ; eighteen entries. Bag Lucerne Chaff, R. M^ylM prize, M. Kealy second ; four entries. Tobacco in leaf, this season's, R. M'Leod prize, J. Thompson second; five entries. Tobacco in leaf, this or last season's, J. Thompson first, R. M'Leod second ; five entries. Onions, 251bs,, W. Moore prize, A. Henny second ; two entries. Potatoes, 1 cwt., any variety, _ J. Johnson prize, M. Kealy second ; eleven entries. Collection of Potatoes, W. Mooro prize, A. Henny second; four entries. Three Pie Melons, A. P. Yates prize. G. Osmond second ; sixteen entries. Six Stock Pumpkins, J. M. Dowling prize; nine entries. Six Table Pumpkins, J. M. Dowling prize, G. Osmond second ; 35 entries. Six Grammas, T. Irwin, prize ; H. Marquet, second ; 17 entries. Six American Pear Pumpkins, J. Shelton, prize ; R. Tickle, second; 20 entrieu. Six Vetetable Marrows, VV. Moore, prize ; R. Tickle, second ; 10 entries. Six Cucumbers, M. Kealy, prize;. Gus Carlton, second ; 12 entries. Twelve Mangold Wurtzels, A. Henny, prize; only entry. Twelve CobB large yellow maize, O. Leonard, prize ; B. Cook, second : 26 entries. Twelve Cobs large white maize, W. Moore, first and second prizes ; 10 entries. Twelve Cobs small maize, W. Moore, pr?.); W. A. Smith, second; 4 entries. Twelve Co-*» Table Maize, W. Moore, prize ; 4 entries. Twelve Cobs Chioken Maize, J. Cavanagh, prize; W. H. Barnes, Becond; 6 entries. Twelve Cobs Hogan's variety Maize, J. S. Barnos, prize ; S. S. Kingston, second ; 18 entries. Twelve Cobs Golden Drop Variety Maize, J. Cavanagh, prize ; R. Tickle, second ; 14 entries. Twelve Cobs 90-day Maize, J. Cavanagb, prize; R. L. Alison, second; 8 entries. Six Cabbages, A. Henny, prize ; 3 entries. Six Swede Turnips, R. Tickle, prize ; A. Tighe, second ; 3 entries. Six Turnips, R. Tickle, prize ; 3 entries. Dozen Carrots, J. M. Dowling prize, R. Tickle second ; six entries. Dozen Parsnips, J. M. Dow ling prize ; three entries. Dszen Red Beetroot, J. M. powling, prize, Mrs. Munro second; three entries. Dozen Spanish Onions, J. S. Barnes prize, A. Shelton second; four entries. Dozen Potato Onions, A. Henny prize ; only entry. Dozen Tree Onions, A. Henny prize ; only entry. Two Quarts French Beans, in pod, R. Tickle prize, Mrs. Munro second; nine entries. 281bs. Sweet Potatoes, W. H. Barnes prize, R. Tickle second ; six entries. One .Dozen Oranges, J. She'ton prize; eleven entries. Lisbon Lemons, G. Osmond prize ; two entries. Common Lemons, Alf. Tighe prize ; nine entries. Citrons, T. Irwin, jun., prize; four entries. Pomegranates, G. Osmond prize; five entries. Dessert Apples, A. Henny, prize ; only entry. Baking Apples, R. L. Alison, prize ; only entry. Quinces, J. E. Irwin prize ; five entries. Peaches, W. H. Barnes prize; four entrieB. Date Plums, J. Shelton prize ; five entries. Tomatoes, J. Irwin, jun., prize; twelve entries. Collection of Fruit, A. Henny prize ; four entries. Collection of Farm Produce, J. Cavanagh prize, A. Henny second ; three entries. Person husking 100 cobs maize in quickest and most workmanlike manner, J. A. Johnson and E. Berry divided ; seven j entrips. Six Stalks Maize with cobs roots and tassels, complete, M. Kealy prizp, R. Tickle second ; six entries. Best all round cob large yellow maize, J. Skelton prize, C.Leonard second; twenty entries Best all round cob small yellow maize, J. Cavanagh prize, J. Johnson second ; seventeen entries. Best Bag Threshed Maize, W. H. Barnes prize, R. Tickle second ; twenty entries. Dairy Produce — Butter, 4lbs., fresh, B. Hooke prize, Mrs. R. Moylan, second ; eight entries. Butter, salt, B. Hooke prize, R. Tickle second ; threo entries. Butter, 41bs., made with aid of separator, Q. S. Waller, prize; only entry. Butter, factory made, B. Hooke prize ; only entry. Cheese, one, R. Tickle, prize j two entries. Side of Bacon, Clarence Town Curing Co. prize, W. Moore, second ; two entries. Ham, F. A. Hooke, prize ; four entries. Lard, J. Thompson, prize; only entry. Flowers and Plants.— Foliage Plants, not less than 3 varieties, Mrs. J. K. Mackay, prize; two entries. Flowering Plants, ditto, Mrs. J. K. Maukay, prize ; only entry. Ferns, ditto, Miss Louie Alison, prize ; three entries. Coleus, ditto, Mrs. Monro, prize ; only entry. Begonias, ditto. Mrs. J. K. Mackay, prize ; four entries. Cut Chrysanthemum, ditto, Mrs. Monro prize, Mrs. F. A. Hooke highly commended ; two entries. Table Bouquet, Mrs. J. K. Mackay, prize ; three entries. Hand Bouquet, Miss Annie Hooke, prize ; five entries. Basket of Wild Flowers, A. Henny prize; three entries. Three Button-hole Bouquets, Mi3S Louie Alison, prize ; four entries. Three Ladies Floral Sprays, Miss Louie Alison, prize ; three entries. Floral Device or Motto, Miss Alice Hooke prize. Miss Jeanie S. Alison second ; four entries. Preserves. — Two Jars Passion Fruit Jam, Miss Annie Wilce, prize ; Miss E. J. Irwin second 5 eight entries. Tomato Jam, Miss Anne Wilce, prize; Miss Alison, second ; seven entries. Peach. Jam, Miss Alison, prize ; Mrs. Munro, second ; twelve entries. Quince Jam, Miss Alison, prize; A. C. AtkinBon, second; ten entries. Grape Jam, Mias Alison, prize; A. C. Atkinson second ; seven entries. Pear Jam, Miss Alison, prize ; Malcolm McDonald, second ; four entries. Apple Jam, Miss E. J. Irwin, prize ; Miss Alison, second ; five entries. Melon Jam, Mrs. Monro, prize ; Miss Wilce, seeond ; nine entries. Grammar Jam, Mrs. Monro, first and second prizes; eight entries. Plum Jam, Miss Alison, first and second prizes; six entries. Nectarine Jam, Miss E. J, Irwin, prize ; three entries. Apricot Jam, Miss Wilce, prize ; Miss Irwin, second ; four entries. Fig. Jam, Miss Alison, first and second prizes ; five entries. Mulberry Jam, Miss Irwin, prize ; only entry. Orange Jam, Malcolm McDonald, second ; six entries. Lemon Jam, Miss Wilce, prize ; Mrs. Monro, second ; five entries. Marmalade, Miss Wilce, first and second prizes ; five entries. Collection of Fruit Jellies, Mrs. Monro, first and second prize3; three entries. Collec tion Jams, Miss Alcorn, first and second; five entries. Bottled Peaches, A. C. Atkinson prize, Miss Irwin second ; sre entries. Bottled Quinces, A. C. Atkin son prize, two entries. Bottled Grapes, A. C. At kinson, first and second, three entries. Bottled Pears. A. C. Atkinson, prize, three entries. Bottled Apples, A. C. Atkinson prize, two entries. Bottled Plums, A. C. Atkinson, first and second, three entries. Bottled Nectarines, A. C. Atkinson prize, Miss Irwin second ; four entries. Collection of Bottled fruits, A. C. Atkinson first and second prize, three entries. Collection of dried fruits, W. Moore prize, one entry. Dried Peaches, J. S. Barnes prize, three entries. Dried Apples, W. Moore prize, two entries. Dried Quinces, W. Moore prize, three entries. Machinery, Implements, &c.; — Double-furrow Plough, G. N. Hardware Co. prize; two entries. Heavy Plough, Skillen and Walker prize, G. N. Hardware second; two entries. Light Plough, Skillen and Walker priza, G. N. Hardware Co. second ; three entries. Single-furrow Digger Plough, G. N. Hardware Co., prize; twoentries. Blue Beard Plough, E. Piper prize ; two entries. Scotch Clipper Plough, E. Piper prize ; two entries. Scarifier, G. N. Hardware Co. prise ; four entries. Harrow, G. N. Hardware Co. prize ; two entriss. Cornsheller, horse-power, G. N. Haidwara Co. prize ; only entry. Cornsheller, hand power, G. N. Hard ware Co.,prize ; only entry. Horse-power, for general purposes, A. Hamburger prize, W. Berry second; three entties. Horse-power Chaff-Cutter, W. Moore prize ; four entries. Hand- power Chaff Cutter, W. Berry prize ; two entrieB. Mowing Machine, G. N. Hardware Co. prize ; only entry. Seed-Sowing Machine, R. W. Swan, prize ; only entry. Wheelbarrow, G. N. Hardware Co. prize ; two entries. Collection Farming Implements by maker or agent, G. N. Hardware Co., prize; two en tries. Collection of Farming Implements used by exhibitor, R. Moylan prize ; two entries. Buggies, Drays, &c; — Double-seated Buggy, J. Riley, prize ; two entries. Single-seated Buggy, J. Riley, prize ; only entry. Spring Cart, V. Carlton, prize ; two entries. Horse Dray, R. Tickle, prize ; only entry. Horse Waggon for road purposes, Skillen and Walker, prize; only entry. Sulky to carry two persons, J. Riley, prize ; F. L. Errington, s?cond ; three entries. Leather, &c.; — Collection of Leather, Hyland and Young, prize ; E. T. Bignell, second. Collec tion of Skin3, Hyland and Young, prize ; W. F. Simmons second; twoentries. Single Buggy Harness, J. Newell, prize ; R. Taylor, second ; two entries. Spring Cart Harne sb, J. Newell, prize ; only entry. Cart Harness (heavy), J. Newell, prize; only entry. Rrmsth Harness, J. Newell, prize ; only entry. Lady's Saddle, J. Newell, prize; R. Taylor, second; four entries. Gent's Hogskin Saddle, R. Taylor, prize j two entries. Stockman's Saddle, R. Taylor, prize ; four entries. Collection of Harness and Saddlery, J. Newell, prize; R. Taylor, second. ' Collection of Saddlery, work of an apprentice under 21 years of age, E. E. Newell, prize ; two entries. Fine Arts. — Original Oil Painting, R. L. Alison, first and second ; three entries. Copy Oil Painting, Miss L. M. Hooke prize ; eleven entries. Copy Water Colour, Mrs. H. J. BiBhop prize ; two entries. Copy Pencil Drawing, Miss L. Doust prize ; five entries. Human Heud in black and white crayons, Gus. Eagleton prizn ; five entries. Hand painting on silk or satin, TUisa Emily Hooke, prize ; three entries. Collection of Photographic Views, R. D. Beanes, prizp, W. M'Donald second ; two entries. Black and White Crayon Drawing by boy or girl under 17 years of age, Ella Alieon prize; four entries. B'ack aud White Crayon ? irawing, Miss Emily Hooke prize ; five entries. Best Essay on Political Economy, for boys and girls attend ing any school in the district, R. J. Mid dleton- prize ; three entries. Ditto Landscape by girl, Miss Florrie Skinner prize. Miss Millie Hagau second; three entrieB. Ditto by boy, Dnrcy Day prize, Fred Garstang second; four entries. Pencil Drawing, animal, by boy, Robert Skillen prize, Durcy Day second; Four entries. Plaiu Penmanship, by t-irl. Miss Essie Henwood prize, Miss Edith Curran second ; thirteen entries. Ditto, by boy, Fred Greaves prize, Fred Garstang second ; five entries. Ornamental Penmanship, Fred Garstang prize, Miss Robina Fraaor second ; eight Entries. Mup of North Island Now Zealand, Frefl Garstang prize, Miss Evelyn Dark second ; two entries. For pupils under 16 years, nfctenclinu any scbool : Ornamental Penmanship, Miss Ada Marsh prize. Miss L. Skillen seoond ; six ontries. Map of North Island, New Zealand, Fred Garatang prize* Mias L. Skillen second ; two entries. NrasDMiwoRir.— Plain Neecttesvork, hand (two articles), Miss Annie Hill, priztfj Miss M'Math second ; sis entries. Crewel Work in silk, Mies C. Simmons, prize ; Miss M. S. Henny, second ; seven entries. Arasene in silk, Miss M. Johnson, prize Miss K. Newell, second ; five entries. La.ce Work; Mrs. A. E. Middleton, prize ; Miss M. Johnson, second ; three entries. Knitting Work, Miss M. S. ilonny, first and second prizes; four entries. Crcrthefc Work, Miss M. S. JHenny, first and second ; n.toe entries. Fancy Wool Work, Miss Florrie Kelly prize; Mrs. McLeod, second ; eight entrieB. Fancy Work and Embroidery, exclusive of woolwork, Miss J. Osmond, rc2ommend»d for prize ; only entry ; Collection of Fancy Work, Miss M. S. Johnson, prize ; Miss McMath, second ; five entries.— Open to pupils udder 14 years of age of all schools : Fancy Needlework, one piece, Rose Peacock, prize ; Florrie Kelly, second j six entries. Plain Needlework, by hand, one piece, Minnie Cox, prize ; Mary Robson, second ; 14 entries. Fancy Needlework and Em broidery, Florrie Kelly, first and second ; four entries. Twelve Buttonholes, Ellen Crowfoot, puze; eight entries. Darning, 6 specimens, Minnie Cox, prize ; Eva Robson, second ; four entries. Beat 6 Buttonholes, Darning, Olive King, first and second ; only entry. Best Six Butonholes on Linen, Olive King first and second ; only entries. Best Hand-made Chemise, Olive King, prize ; only entry. Miscellaneous.— White Maize Meal, W. Moore prize ; two entries. Yellow Maize Meal, J. Walker prize ; two entries. Arrowroot, manufactured, W. Moore prize ; four entries. Corn Flour or Maizenn^ J. Wade and Co. prize ; only entry. Six Millet Brooms, W. Carter prize ; two entries. Beehive, R. L. Pender prize ; five entries. Honey Ex tractor, R. L. Pender prize ; three entries. Bees wax, A. Henny first and second, W. Moore highly commended ; ten entries. Honey, Malcolm M'Donald prize; fifteen entries. Honey in Comb, Frank Curr prize; seven entries. Pickles, Miss Monro prize; five entrieB. Neatsfoot Oil, W. Mears, jun. prize, R. Reeves second ; .four entries, Vinegar, Mrs. J. K. Mackay prize ; three entries. Cabbage TreeH&t;, Mrs. Monaghanprize ; only entry. Baker's Bread, T. D. Hutchinson, fii^t and second prizes ; four entries. Home-made Bread, M. Kealy prize, R. Tickle second ; eight entries. Six Bottles Red Wine, R. Lean, prize ; only entry. Cordials and Aerated Waters, F. A. Ashe, prize ; only entry. Dozen Hen Eggs, J. Walsh prize, M. Kealy seeond; eleven entries. Dozen Duck Egg3, R. Reeves prize, P. Landers second ; eight entries. Collection Sawn Timber, hardwood, J. Walker, prize ; only entry. Ditto, other than hardwood, J. Walker, prize ; only entry. Best Shod Horse, to be shod on the ground, J. Henny, prize ; two entries. Six Navea, J. Walker, prize ; only entry. Twenty-five Felloes, J. Walker, prize ; only entry. Three Bottles Tomato Sauce, M. McDonald, prize; five entries. Two Bottles Honey Beer, W. H. Barnes, prize ; fiv« entries. Two Stalks Tobacco, fit for stripping, J. Thompson, prize ; two entries. 