Evangelical Alliance The first of the series of meetings in connection with the Evangelical Alliance was held last night in the Presbyterian Church. After devotional exercises the Rev. Dr. Geikie (chairman) addressed the meeting. He said the subject chiefly be fore them was the universality and unity of the church. It was a blessed thing that they could think of a universal chu'eh, Divided as they were it would be a dreadful thing if, through these divisions, they were to break up the body of Christ. He had been rruch struck in reading newspapers written by those who held certain high view6, Whilst they in their writings set forth that their position was better than that of other men, they did not go any further end attack the other bodies ; he was always glad to see that they did not enter into the question of unchurching anybody, but he had no sympathy with the views of these writers. They were here to-night representing various sections of common Christianity and he felt that whenever a man believed in the Son of God and- gave himself wholly to Him, he was a member of God's Church. He asked them to seek God's blessing on the church universal. Rev. J. Worboys then led the meeting in prayer. Rev. R. Dyson said the subject before him was a very extensive subject to treat. They must confine themselves to the church they knew most about, but in fact they knew very little about the church'; they did not know its extent and who be longed to it, or who did not belong to.it. What they were to uncerstand by the Church of Christ was indicated in Scripture : jst Corin. 1,11,3. The Chutch was the whole body of believers in every place, the distinctive mark being that they calledjon the name of Jesus Christ. He had noticed those in prayer would frequently pray for those at a distance, forgetting those near at hand. The same fault existed in their missionary organisa tions — they heard a lot about the con version of the Chinese in China, but nothing about those in their midst. He urged them to pray that the Church might advance in love, purity, and power._^The church; as established by Christ, was poor and weak, but unto it He promised the Holy Ghost, that other Comforter, which* promise was fulfilled 011 the day ot Pente cost ; and then the church, under inspira tion and guidance of the Spirit, went out into the world. It soon tilled the world and became dominant in all parts, and their great hope for the future was that God in his mercy would in answer to prayer bestow more richly on the: Church the divine spirit as in ancient days, and the Church would go forth ?' conquering to conquer.' The object for which they had met was to show to the world the unity of the diflereut branches of the Christian. Church j that there was a union existing between all believers. In these days the churches were possessed of a spirit of liberalism, and there was liberty to think ami speak and act which manifested the unity of the Cliurch and this liberty came from Qhrist, They realised more and more the fact th.it in Christ they were all one, and they banded themselves together to further His cause. He asked the divine blessing on their efforts. 