I " v .A Siberian Tragedy. j. « — I Bx Geoboji Moobb. i ...... U.f W I ! _ Mme. Ardlcff was a slender, blonde-haired | little Parisienne, who once used to dance I lightly in the ball-rooms of the Champa- E yedea, and chatter gaily of the things of the boulevard ; but she now no longer -foil interest in anvthirrr. TV.rin wrh to h«r vanished dream, Siberia an unchanging reality. Nine months out of every year of blank, mournful suowb, white silenoe, extend ing from horizon to horizon ; then a brief respito, when the fields caught flower, and color rushed through every valley and over Every hill, and innumerable insects bussed in tbo irre6n underwood of the Bteppea— auoh is Siberia. She bad married Count Ardloff, the Governor of Tobolsk, to save hsr father from ruiii, but this ohild of th9 asphalt thrived but poorly in the desert, and her husband saw, and with fierce anger, that she Gould not en dure her present life; naw there was nothing in common between them but the chain of marriage by which he held her. "Scratch the Russian and you will find the Tartar." Nothing can be more true. Primitive races can but ape the sentiments and r. fiaeuients of feeling whioh make bear able cur lives, and Count Ardloff could not pass the gulf-- the impassable gulf — the gulf made by centuries of civilisation whioh lay between him aud his wife. H9 could hold her to his bosom, but even then she seemed nearer to Vanca, a young Polish offioer, than him. And yet no friendship oould be purer ; they were merely exiles who talked of their distant homes, their lost friends, and their tbandonr d dreams. But such sentiments are littls understood in Siberia, and ugly little rumors concerning Mme. Ardloff and yotfng Vanca had begun to bo whispered— the end of a phrase hiEsed slightly and a concluding smile turned some what eerpent-wise — that was all. Count Ardloff watched and waited, as sus picions and fierce as a wild oat. He was a man about fifty ; his beard was Btrong and gray, and be stood like a Hercules. Five years passed in Paris had lent him a disguise which, in bis ordinary moods, per fectly enabled him to hide his Tartar charac ter, and when she married him, the bright French girl little thought that a few glasses of champagne or a slight contradiction would transform the elegant gentleman on whose arm the leaned into a savage Cossack. , Now a fleroe gleam shot from bis eyes as they fell upon his wife, who, lying back in her easy-chair, sat languidly listening to V&noa;'s clear voioe. It mattered not to the count what they were saying. He did not stay to consider whether they were planning an elopement or talking of the emperor. He merely bated her for appearing to be so in timate with one of his oifiaors. She belonged fi him ; she was his property — a property ha had acquired because it had pleased him to do so. What, then, did she mean by think ing of or concerning herself about anyone \- - elaef These were the count's thoughts as he took the cards that had been handed to him and shuffled thom through bia strong fingers. Some eight or a dozen gontlemen in tbo uni form' of the Russian Army wcrs grouped around him, & lady sat at the piano, and couples were seated under the greenery of the exotia plants with whioh the reoesseB cf the room were filled. There was not 'muoh conversation, the interest of the oomp&ny; being apparently oentred in the count. Every qow and then someone passed acroaB the room, and, after watching the cards for a few minutes, would oringingly murmur some i words of adultation. Every phrase bc-gan or I ended with 11 Your excellency," and was \- rounded off with a bow. I ' But the oount paid very little attention to 1 his flatterers. When he had finished deal- J ing, as he threw, down the last card, he : glanced again io the direction where his wife ' was sitting. | As she listened to the young Pole, her atti- tudegrew more and more abandoned. He I Bpoke to her of her past life, of a lost love ; . . and the accents of regret with whioh he nar- ; rated his experiences reminded her of how she had suffered sitnil ar. deceptions ; of how her aspirations and glad vibions bad, like his, perished. They spoke of those sad, eternal truths which eaoh pair of lovers fancy they alone have discovered, but whioh have moved all past generations, as they will doubtless move all those which are -coming to birth, till man's soul has ceased to bo what it is. So absorbed were Vanoa and Mine. Ardloff in the contemplation of the past, that tbey were only so muoh conscious of eaoh other -"BS'eaou- helped the other to realise their Bepar&te; lives. The outer world had faded from them, and in the insinuating emotion which drew them together bhs Jep.nod hnr hands over tba edge of the chair, and,' follow ing the movement instinctively, he took up the glove she had laid down and played with it. At this sign of intimacy, the count's eyes flashed' vindictively, and he called to his wife, impatiently : ''Marie, will you order some oham- 1 pagne? ' J, Without answering, she told Vanoa to 1 ring the bell. Instantly rising, he complied, with her request, and then, forgetting he had not returned the ccuntess her glove, stopped to epoak to a friend. His friend tried to warn him with a look, bat, before a word .could be said, the Pole had walked across I the room, still twirling the fatal glove in his fingerB. ' - " -- j He did this with a certain nonchalance ! that would -have angered a better-tein pored ! man than Oount Ardlcff. A grim scowl ' passed across his fr.oe, and he whispered something to an oide-tie-camp, who stood near him. The effi .er left the room, i It was a terrible moment, full of consterna tion and silence-; but before the unfortunate Pole had time to realise his danger two Cos- sack soldiers entered the apartment. The : company gave way before them, withdrawing ; into groupB and lines. Vacua bad his back J turned to them, and he still wrapped the 1 fatal glove round and round his fi Tgtrs. Ha ; stood bb if lost in reverie, scanning a marble 1 bust of the countess. 1 At laBt the stillness of the room awoke him, and, as the Cossacks were about' to seize him, he turned. Hid frightened eyes met theirs; hs started back precipitately, ' but, with a quiet movement, tho soldiers laid hands upon hiin. In' a low voice the aide-de- camp said " You are arrestea dv order 01 ms excel lency." Dazed add bewildered, Vanca pusaea tne soldiers from him, bird, stretching forth his bands; appealed to the oounC " "How is this, your excellency ?" he cried, wildly; "I am guilty of nothing. There must be some mistake." - — Count Ardlcff stood broad,' tail and vin dictive, with the light of lustre shining full o'd his high, bald .'forehead; and iron-gray beard.oqnoealed trie lower part of liis equate face. ' Vanoa orien ono more word ox appeal,- and Ithen stopped, puzzled, ' j" Mme. Ardloff arose, pale and tre£uuin,g, but box husband motioned her away.' I The guests remained in rows, still bj.'iub figures of a frieze, and, at a sign from,, the ; officer, with a movement of shoulders; the ' Cossacks forced the Pole from the room. The ' Beer, c was very Eh:ort. " ' . Immediately after, the coons, spoke 01 m- diffcront" things, and glasses of ohompagne. were- frauded round. /Mme.. Ardlcff stared vaoantly, unable to collect hefthoughts ; till, suddenly seeing the glove which Vanoa had dropped, tho reason of bis arrest dawned cpop her, and 'she trembled' violently, and eo agitiited was' eho that shecouid Maroely say good- bye to her guests. ' The oount, how- Cvtr, dismissed them rapidly; speaking all the while of tbo approaching lummer, the Durabr-r o? oohviots that had esoapedfrom the mines, dnd the emperor. 1 When husband' and wife 'fcere alone, the : count pick ed up thlrjjloTo ah;! handed it to >: v<iie couhl«jjf with an ironictl smile, and, that it was very late, and advised her to re' tire to her room. Sue obeyed without answering. She knew something horrible was going to happen, and, stupefied with fear, she mounted tho stairoas:'. He stayed behind to give an order, and, mastering her fears, she listened. _ He was talking in the hall below to his aide-de-camp, and she heard him say tb&t; Vanca must be at ouoe degraded to the ranks, and her hsHrt beat with joy at the prospeot of his escaping with so slight a punisbmont. Her emotion was so great that she did not oatch the next phrase, aud when eho heard again, her husband was telling his offioer to have all in readiness, tb&t; he would be at the barrackB at nine next morn ing. There was something strange in this, and Mme. Ardloff went trembling to her room. The shadows Beemed livid and tbe lamp burned luridly, and oppressed with the hor rors of the evening, Bhe eat in the silenoe, afraid to go to bed. Through the frozen window-pan6S she could see glistening the wide snows of tho Siberian winter. Wearily she ashed herself why &h6; bad been condemned to iivo in these | impassable deserts. The howl of a dog broke I the stillness of the night, and it sounded in her excited mind like tbe last dying cry of j some poor one unjustly done to death. Wb&t; I wob to beoome of Vanca ? Why oould not ' she save him f Save him 1 Was there need fur that ? Starting to her feet, she strove by an effort of will to rid herself cf her terrors. Then, shaking with forebodibgs and regrets, she undressed ; but a hundred faneies assailed her imagination and gave life to tbe figurss ! on the tapestry, to the shadows on the floor, I and, white, like a ghost in a tomb, she lay reBtleas in her largo bed. j Sleep fled from her, until at last she fell i into a deep, dreamless torpor, from which, ' toward morning, nho was awakened by a heavy tramping of fe-. t in tho coiridor. A moment after her himbanfi entered. He was attired in the Russian n-ilitary olo&k;, and his hand was on his swc:d. '' Gst up," he eaid,. impatiently ; " I want you to come oat with me. I have ordered the rlfidgc." "Why should I get up at this hour? It is only just daylight, and I am very tired." " I am sorry you are 60 tired, but I want you to como to tbo barraoks," Hi man boring the order she had heard given over night, Mme. Ardloff turned pale at the mention of the word barraoks. Twenty limes she felt an indefinite desire rising up within her to throw herself Into his arms and beg of him to be merciful ; but he looked so implacable that her courage died away, and she feared that any interest she might show for Vanca would only still further prejudice hiB chances of escape. Wrapping her long, blue-fox fur mantis around her, she told him she was ready. Ho looked to see if she had forgotten anything. Her handkerchief lay on tbe table, and as he l ardcd'it.to her his attention wa3 attracted by J!:icon de sel volatile. " Wc may waut this," he said, and slipped it into hir pocket. " What do you mean?" she said, .<uru- ing suddenly; "are you going to murder me?" "To murder youl" he replied, laughing oynically ; " what nonsense 1" And half pushing hex before him, thsy do- scended the staircase. She tried several times to resist bito, but he got her into the sledge. " To the barracks," he cried to the coach man, as be sat down beside his wife and arranged the rags. During the drive neither spoke a jword. Ilia face was olouded in a sort of sullen moodiness, and terrified she looked down tho dazzling perspectives of tbe outlying streets. The barracks were situated at tbo end of the eastern Bubnrb. The horses aantered briskly, and soon a large building appeared. It stood alone ; all round stretched the white expanse of the steppes ; and the sledge passed a large gateway into the barrack-Equare, which had been cleared of enow. The offioer who was waiting to receive them helped the count to descend. Mme. Ardloff was told to remain seated. Immediately after, a trumpeter blew a call and a file of men marohed to within a few yards of the BleJge and formed themselves into a double line. 'J Front rank, quick mareb," cried tho offioer. When they had gone eight paces, ha crind, « Halt 1" and then gave the order, " Right-about turn." Vanca was then led jorth. He walked be tween two soldicro. Ho was nskod to the waist, and behind him camothe executioner. He oarried in his hand a barbarous knout, and over his shoulder d-aoeled its seven cruel lashes. / In Russia an officer of tho srray can.net- be flogged, but he oan bo def rsncd to the ranks in twenty-four lionre. Tin's is win t happened iu the proscnt' case. Vanca wa3 now a oommon soldier, and was waiting to receive the fifty lathes to whioh ho had been sentenced. And the fashion of administering tho knout in Russia is as fellows : The condemned man is foroed to walk between two files of eoldiers; befora him, holding a sord pointed at his breast, i3 an officer, who steps backward with a slow aud preciaepaoe, which regulates the Btrokes which the executioner administers. S) terrible are the loaded thongs, armed at the cad with sharp iron hooks, that at the tenth or eleventh blow even the most robust fall fainting to tho ground. Sometimes, however, tho execu tioner is merciful &nd; kills the victim out right; but more often he is forbidden to strike with his full force, ami the mangled being is carried to a hospital and cured of JliB wounds ; and this is repeated until he has received his full punishment. Such is R '.asia— aud for Vanoa all was now prepared ; tho soldiers stood in a lies, the executioner twirled his lashes, only an officer to kad the way remained to be appointed. It was for Count Ardloff to do this. He looked around ; there were half-a- dozen men Btnuding around him, any of whom might have be</a chosen. As he glanced from ona to the other, bia attention was attracted by a man who from a doorway at the other end of the barraok-yard. was eagerly watching. "Who is t tnai man'/" bsepi the oount.. Tho man was oallca. was Vanca's brother. " Wha; are vou waiting aoo'ut the doorway for ?" " I was waiting to sea it your excellency would pardon my poor brother." replied the Pole. 1 \- "P.iraon your poor brother," eaia Count Ardlc ff with a bitter sneer ; " I will show you bowl pardon. Draw your sword and lead the way, and take oare yon don't walk too fast.'' - - Altar one deep, questioning look, which told bim that tbe Russian meant to be obeyed, he broke his sword across his knee;, and . said, as he hurled the pieces scornfully asidi? : " Do with me os.yon will, bqt I will not serve -a country inhabited by barbarians and governed by fiends.' : .? Even the :Oossaoks exenahged glances of sympathy, and ha'd tbey known the whole truth, it was not impropable that they might have revolted. Suffice, to say, that for a moment Mme. Ardloff feared for her hus band's safety. '- But his fhroe brutality dominated'bis soldiers, and theelder Vanca web manaoled and a heavy guard placed over him. ' The scene that then presented itself was this : Two files of soldiers, Connt Ardloff oommanding, stern and implacable; one brother half naked and bleeding, the other in irons ; a pale woman with agony written in ber face, wrapped up in furs, and a pair of horses munching in their noBe-bags, un- flocecicua of aught else. The offioer took another step back; the seven thc-ngs whirled in the air, and again tore into red furrows the lacerated flesh. As Vanoa staggered forward, bia faos oonvolsed with pain, his ojes fixed on Mme. Ardlcff, And they asked, with a terrible eloquence, fcVflh.wht Aid Tfmt j Her armB were clasped, and in her onj&tloc; leaving lost all power of utterance, sho fitrovc ' to send forth ker soul to tell him of how ic- noccnt she was. Then another blow fell, aud the blood squirted horribly, and the flesh bung ragged. It was siokening, and from sheer horror and nausea Mmo Ardlcff ' faintc-d. But it was her husband's inHntion thai tbe .should witness, to the end, iho re- , vecgo be bad so carefully prepared, and ' diving his band into the pcoket of her I mantle, be produced the bottle of sel volatile. With this be quickly restored her to oon- scicusnesB, and then she heard him saying: " Awake, awake, for i wish you to see how I punish those who insult me." Vanca had now received nine strokes. He was but a raw mass of quivering flesh. Hope less and faintly, like oxie in a nightmare, Mme. Ardloff Btrove to speak, until at last' the words long denied her rose to her lips, j but they came too late, and, mad with pain, ! the tortured man, with a whirling, 8tag£?- i sag motion, precipitated himself on to the drawn sword, and fell on to the ground a corpse. _ j T«is was unexpected. There were hurried words, and a trampling of feet, and a deep; silence, but Mcne. Ardloff remsmbered little, j I Tbe imprecation b the elder brother hurls d ' after h?r as she was driven away sounded dim ! ' and indiEtinct in her ears daring the long j days of delirium which followed this double j tragedy, for on arriving home aha saw her | husband make out the order for Yanac's j transportation to the mercury mines. I She pleaded and prayed wildly, but the! count only smiled grimly in reply to her t hysterical applications. It seemed to hori that tbe heaven should fall to orusb, that the ! earth should open to reoeive, so inhuman a monster. She raised her hands, she soreamed madly, her thoughts danced before her, faded end then therojwss a blank ; and during several weeks, for her, Time stood still. Slowly her senses returned to her ; dim — through a mist, through a heavy torpor, that held har powerless and; inert — they returned to her, and with them I came the ghastly remembrance of a terrible ' crime. The Bubject was never alluded to. Tbo affair was hushed up ; but time could j neither blot nor tear this cruel page out of < Mme Ardloff's life. ; Her only consolation was the oertitude 1 that no pain was in store for her greater 1 than she experienced, when, years after, in a J , ball-room at St. Petersburg, Count Vanca, j an old man with long white, hair, and a life's : sorrow on his face, eaid to her: "Madame, i hope you children are very well." j I 