STHrE:WIDE WORLD. A boy, only aeventenes i 6a'o:f age, was I executed lately at Linoges for the'murder of his employer, a small country tji:or. He had undergone the ordeal of a double trial, the first having been quashed foe emse technical irregularity, so that death has been hanging over him for more than atwelve-onth. He heard mass in a very reverent siirit, and met his fate with courage and ca.linrer. A valuable discovery was mdue the other day in the cellar of a leading London pub lisher. Upwards of forty 5 ears ago Sir George Grey sent home a parcel of books to this publisher for sale in England. It in eluded copies of Mythology and Traditions of the New Zealanders, "by Sir George Grey;. Poetry of theo Ne. Zealand ere, by the same author; and Maori Mementoes, being a series of ad dresses presented by the native people to his Excellency Sir George Grey, K.C.B., F.R.S. By sonim means' tb consignment found its way to the cellar, probably being unsaleable in London, and it lay there undis turbed and forgotten until' a few days ago. Meantime the works had got out of printand were very scarce and valuable. The discovery is said to have been madoe by one of the employes of the firm, who had noticed parcel bearing a label with the worde --'x property of Sir George Grey." The owner was delighted at recovering'- his forgotten treasure, and at once gave intructions to have the unbound copies put into covers and delivered to himself. The works will be in eager request in Neow Zealand. After lyin_ in the cellar for upwards of. forty years, they are quite unimpaired by damp, It is reported that fashion, late, but, for once true, in taste, has begun by occasional ventures to appropriate the seemly nursing costume as part of her system of decoration. We need not be surprised at the preference thus expressed. Cleanly, simple, seat, but undemonstrative as it nenally is, the dress of female attendants on the sick was not likely to escape entirely from the flattery of imitation. Nevertheless we consider its exhibition at all times and places, and especially its use by those who have no professional title to its -c, to be an error and a folly. The 'reo'. apron, cloak, and bonnet are as much her du iuctive regi mentals as military scarlet i. the national guarantee of a soldier's prrition. Wearing it we know exactly tro "And whan' she is, we can eolnewhsll gaugs? her character by- her -att-re,. and was can trust her service. Bat it any and every admirer of her comely dross may ignore itW distinctive character, ipe lout much more thazl can be gained by a usurpin fao-hion. Thee meaning is entirely gone. The casual wearer may be anyone-no mere inmscent masque rader, not even the glorified jackdaw of the fable, a nameless attraction on:y; a person void of personality, perhaps not iuiig lifiant, but certainly, in the indications of her clothing, unreliable. It is to be hoped, for the credit and continued usofulness of a class represen tative of the highest womanhood and not less for our common seourity againsta maichievons deception, that every means which public sense can employ" will be userd to baltte this new stratagem of thoughtlc.a or unserueul ous fancy.--"' Lancet." In the " Nineteenth Century Review" Mr Sinnett expounds the peculiarities of the astral plane. One chief characteristic is that on the" astral light " (which is the perva'd ing medium of the astral plarie), there are projected images of things dead and gone, buildings that have crumbled away, bygone streets with the moving piotures of the in habitants that once lived in lthem. In this sphere quisque" enos patimur manes, oven down to hansom cabs and shoip- windows : " Scientificinquiry carried on behind the scenes of nature soon enables us to realise that not only is there Y. ' ghost' or, to use a better term, an aetaal counterpart-of every coat and trousers that ever existed, but of every shop- window and paving-stone, and every mnrket cart and hansom cab, or atom of matter in whatever form it may be thought of. A hideous characteristic of this state of lbeing is that thehatred, malice and croelty,ithe thirst to do evil to enemies, and aspirations of every degraded kind which rage through the fevered physical world are constantly taking shape in distressing ways on the astral plane of nature, where everyone of them finds rome too receptivo medium for its impress. The evil thoughts of men do not merely take shape as painful records of molcovleuce, bt actually unite themselves with comet forms of life with which the astral plane is teeming." All this, adds Mr Sinnett, m sy le verified by "the astral senses of any adequatcly qualified observer."-" Westminster Gazette." Anyone who has beer, at the Norwegian deshing village of Vardoo will undoubtedly associate it with terrible odors, to put it mildly, although a stronger and more vulgar appellation would be much more to the point, for the air is simply eaeurated with the smell of fish in almost every stage of decomposition ; in fact, Vardoe may be said to be almost made up of wooden frames,on which are hune to dry in the sun thousands upon thousands of libh and cods' heads, the latter for sale and to te exported as guano. bhe harbor is maded very lively with troops of fishermen, saho carry on an enormous trade. The crafts from the White Sea partieaul.rly attrac ted my attention (writes a lady traveller) not from a fiJhing or a nasal point orf view, but from the fact of the PRu-sitan fishermen being so extremely handsome and kind-look ing as to excite my admiration, a weknkisa which on future acqualutance with Russians only increased, for being tall and well built, with full long fair beards, they present a striking appearance in their pink worsted shirts. SThe stnke of the Burnleovy.andl district joiners and carpenters, which hIas been in progress for three weeks, has been settled. The masters have bgreedl to advance wages a larthing per hour at once, and another farthing in November. This is practically the comnpronmise offered by the employcrs before the strike commenced, the second atdvance being a smonth earlier than uroposed. Dr. Symona Eccles, writing to the " National lIcview." sugglests " saying your prayers" as a remtedy for insomnia. Among other instances hlequcotes one of a sufferer from partialisnsomnas. woo "con fessed to her physician that she dated her wantot sleepfroin thetiuewhis sheceased to say herprayeri." Slie was recommended to return at once to -hoe jod habit of her childhood, and with the best results. " No doubt," says Dr Ecles, " the mentalrepose engendered, coupled with the fact that the transition from, the erect to the hIorizontal position was rendered more gradual by the interpostion of the usualreverdntsl attitude of tihe bended knee andbowedhead, conduccd r the tran quility'of heart action antd slwness of circulation necessary to sleep." In eother words, ?i the prayerful attitude makes a handy half-way house between the erect position when undressing, aed the re cumbent one when lying down. - 