REVIEWS. The Straight and Devious Paths or Studentship.—A leoture delivered at the Sohool of Design, Adelaide, on Friday, Feb- j ruary 9, 1891. By Harry F. Gill, Direotor for J Teohnioal r Art, Adelaide, South Australia. Published'by the Sohool of Desien Art Club, I &o.;, 1891. Many of those who heard the .eloquent address delivered under the above title at the oloie of the last Art Sohool Exhi bition, as well at many who will now have the opportunity of reading it, will warmly com mend the action of the Sohool of Design Art Olub in inducing Mr. Gill to give his views a wider oiroulation by having them printed. The result is a dainty little volume of some forty pages, presented in all the garniture of tasteful wrap pers, _ wide margins, and artistio lettering. The inner book amply fulfils the promise of the outer from the first leaf, with its orisp and i graceful dedication. To the lateit pages the interest is veil sustained. Preoepts wearing the benigner aspeotof oounsels are supported by apt quotations from leaders in art, and in terspersed with pioturesque deaoriptive pas sages, often rising into the poetia. To these - are added more serious analyses of prinoiplea and styles, whiob prove that the author is also well qualified to enaot the part of oritio. Throughout the address Mr. Grill never loses sight of his main thesis, that the faithful study of Natue is the one straight path of studentship, and all other paths are devia tions, ending in more or less of falsity and dis appointment. To enforoe this view, he dwells on the origin of early ornament, founded on the acoidental suggestions of Nature, and passing thence to modern examples, points out the certainty and per fection of work attained by habits of daily etudy from Nature in a spirit of disoiplesbip, sincerity, and love. Some noble oounsels on this subject by Sir Frederiok Leiehton, Presi dent of the Royal Academy, are given at length, and should be well weighed by all who aspire to rank as artists. Interesting details are also furnished of the oharaotenstio modes of work of some of the great living painters. The student is earnestly warned against the various pitfalls besetting bis path, speoial re ference being made to the danger arising from a vapid notoriety earned by showy; rather than solid work. Ruikin'a wise saying that "the wrong roads of early life are noisy, vooiferous with all manner of demands on the student for art whioh is not properly art at all,"ie fitly quoted in this oouueotion. The latter part of the book deals with the various brandies of piotorial art—still life, landscape, portraiture, genre, and allegory—the leading aims of each being briefly but clearly indi cated; and the volume closes with an analysis, marked by olearand sympathetic insight,of the favourite pioturea "Destiny" and-"Prayer."' Many who have been puzzled to read aright the lesson sought to be conveyed by Gotoh'a -powerful allegory aud many, more who have felt the deepeet admiration without quite knowing why for Nono'e beautiful work will be grateful to the author for giving them hie interpretation of ' the oonoeptiona of the artists. Mr. Gill possesses iu a high degree the gift of keen discrimination, and is ready with reasons alike for bis admiration when he admires and for his censure when he oon demns. It would be too muoh to expeot that hie judgments will carry oonvio tion to. all minds, but they are manifestly the result of honest belief and oareful study, and are eminently suggestive. There ia some slight suspicion of inoonsistenoy between hie advooacy of the teaohings of Nature as the souroe of All true art and the place he assigns to man's imitative faoulty almost to the exolusionof his inventive powers in regard to the beginning of design, the idea being thrown out that all liues of decoration ou early pottery are to be traoed to "gourde bound about with string by whioh the savage oarried them." Hie tren chant ooudemnation alike of Frith'e subjeots and style of painting will to not a few appear to be at all events overdrawn. Home of hie piotures, whatever may be their defeote, are striking representations of phase* of sooial life which were real enough when he reproduced them, and which even yet have not ceased to exist. On this ground they have an historio value, aud their realism, like that of Hogarth's oartoonn, has not been _ without ite moral, to say nothing of its artietio effeot. There is a olass of readers who will be dis appointed iu the book, and that is the olass which imagines the "straight path" in art to be like the straight line in geometry, " the shortest.possible distanoe" between the two pointy of desire and achievement. Mr. Gill aooepts the poet's axiom that " Art is long," and he unquestionably sncoeeds in proving to the student the value, the pleasures, and the ample recompense of strenuous and aspiring efforts, noble aims, _ and loving labour. The keynote of his teaohing is ex pressed in the words "Do the little and do it well, with patient lingering do it well, and qaoh thing done for itself and done in truth will be annexed unto yourself—a a oonquest of th^miud, a provinoe added to your possessions—the victory over whioh has rendered you fit for higher efforts; ren dered you capable of larger conquests." Ooun sels given in this spirit and with a thorough appreciation of the oharms of nature's trea sures and of the difficulties and rewards whioh attend Nature's votaries in the walks of art oannot fail to be of inestimable servioe to the genuine student. "The Winning Shot" and " An Actob's Ddel."—We have received from Mr. G. A. Lyne, of King William-street, an advanoe oopy of a book oontaining these two stories, by Oonan Doyle. The " Actor's Duel" is a not strikingly original theatrioal story dramatioally told by a tragedian driven mad by sorrow, tbe result of a great wrong whioh he avenged upon the perpetrator by atabbing him to the heart in a duel scene in " Hamlet." The "Winning Shot" is a weird oonoeption, well wrought up, and based on the supernatural. The villain is a myste rious foreigner with occult powers, who oonsumm&tea; a ghastly revenge for a well-deserved blow by oonjuring between hie enemy and the target at a rifle mstoh the ghost of the man himself, so that when he fires his bullet pieroes his counterfeit present ment and causae the death of the original on the instant. There ia an unpleasantly original idea in she vindiotive foreigner's tale of a oastsway at sea outting off and eating his own ears to save himself from starving. This is an improvement upon the imprisoned oat who ate himself up to the back of hie head, and only : stopped there beoause he oould not reaoh. 