The Late Edmund Yates. There was something dramatically appropriate (writes our London correspondent) in the tragic end ing of Edmund Yates. If he had had the ordering of the final scene he probably would not have had it otherwise. Almost born in the theatre, he practi cally died in it. When the curtain fell over the sta^e it dropped upon the close of his vigorous and varied life. There was nothing left for his faithful sorrowing friends but to carry home the senseless figure. Yates bad just come back from a long sojourn on the Riviera, whither he had been driven to spend the winter. But he heard ot the buds bursting iu the London parks, of life throbbing in all the arteries of the great metropolis he knew so well and loved so dearly, and he felt impelled to return to his old haunts. He was encouraged in this determination by a turn for the better he seemed to have taken with the early spring at Cannes. He felt convinced that he had a renewal of life, and after his joyous fashion he resolved to make the most of it. He has not had a house in London for many years, making his home at Brighton. Now he would set up housekeeping again, and renew his old morning ride in the How. In the meanwhile, arriving opportunely -for the revival of ' Money,' he would take his old place in the ranks of first-nighters. He came to the theatre alone, in many ways a ghost of his former self. A few years ago he was as burly as he was tall. With good temper and good living, and the sun of prosperity shining steadily upon him after long battling with fortune, one of his be setting sorrows was his tendency to stoutness. After a serious illness he, two years ago, permanently lost flesh, and many familiar with him in old time did not, on Saturday night recognise in the almost slim figure making its way to a front seat in the stalls at the Tivoli the burly Edmund Yates of five years back. It happened that, coming to the theatre alone, be found himself seated apart from his many personal and some intimate friends sprinkled about the stalls. Contrary to the usual habit on a first night, there was very little movement between the acts, the people in the dalls for the most part remaining seated till the curtain rose again. Thus Yates through his last hour of consciousness sat silent, solitary, in the midst of the gay throng, all unconscious of the impending tragedy. If he felt any premonitions of what was coming he made no sigu ; sat staring at the show behind the footlights, with a curious light in his eyes, noticed at least by one of his friends whom he passed on his way to his stall. He made no movement of preparation, whilst around him the throng was rapidly dissolving. Then he fell from his chair as if struck by lightning, and never again lapsed into consciousness. The cause of death was apoplexy. Writing his literary career, the Penny Illustrated Paper has the following : — Edmund Yates was the founder of the lively paragraphic fashion of jour nalism which made the future of his vivacious World, and has now been generally adopted by the most readable newspapers. In the days when he wrote stories and sketches for Chavles Dickens' s House hold Words, the ' Lounger' for the Illustrated Times, later the '' Flaneur ' for the Morning Staroi old, and acted as dramatic critic for the Daily Acifs. he held an important appointment at the General Post Office. He was a prolific novelist to boot. One of his most effective tales, ' Black Sheep,' was turned into an interesting comedy at the Olympic for Charles Mathews. He likewise made his mark as editor of the Temple Bar Magazine before he hit upon a golden vein by founding tho World. He was a mirthful entertainer with Frank Power, and was one of the best after-dinner speakers. But his busy literary aud journalistic life is best told by himself in his ' Recollections,' wherein his intense love for Charles Dickens is told with all the warmth of his nature. It was the son he named after the great novelist, Mr. C. D. Yates, who flew to his father's assistance when he was stricken down with apoplexy with tuch melancholy suddenness at the Gartick ; and in him and an elder son, Mr. F. S. Yates, the lamented editor of the World has left faithlul and competent successors, and a devoted staff, to carry on that sprightly ' journal for men and women.' It is sad to look at the features of one of our lost, honoured, and esteemed journalistic leaders — sad to think that those tender brown eye's are closed for ever ; but it is consoling to know that his memory will live in numberless cherished acts of kindness. 'Last tributes of respect were paid him at the funeral' service at tho Savoy Chapel on Thursday, and at' the grave-side at the Necropolis. v - r THE LATE EDMUND YATES. 