B RE VIA.' N.S.W. Premier Reid has cntered hia COth yetp Dr. Talmagomado £5000 by his trip to Anstralia Even a dead man haa the ghost of a chance. ' ' - . A man in speaking of n rolativc who, wao tangoi lays ho died daring a tight-ropo performance, If our boys are gallant it must bo edmitted^hat; -ur girls aro buoyant. ; xc 'v-ri ' A voyage round tho world travelling ?? :osts something over £500. ?. ^ Prices wero never no low before , ia Boots - and Shoes. — H. Coleman io giving best value.-x Sir Alfred Stephen will be 92!yea^ o/ ago'TQoxt Monday. \- The shearers at Kinchola'n station, in tha Broken nill distrlos, havo gono cut: cn striko.: -i . -.-b There is a small demand for ^Australian -butter in London 'at an averatjo of 58s por owt. ?*' ! - 1 Last year 11,207 horses woro killed in' ViednA for human food. . .uK.-'tuwi-ii Notes issued bv tho Bank, of England cost Jd each. ' About 1,250, 000 articles are pledgod with London pawnbrokers each week, , A.Crookwcll publican was fined £20 and costs al Goulburn on Tuesday for- soiling- bad liquor, Fresh discoveries are reported from' Kiirnalpi and other- districts on the Murchison,. ! ?? - r There' id one law for tho rich and oiic 'months' hard for tho poor; ? I- ? ? ? ? ' Now is tho time' for good manaqera to gee cash bargains in Remnants of Dre£s~ Materiila Tweed Flannels fee. at H. Coleman's, 1 ^ Mr. Pennyinan, Gov. Duff's new secretary, i4 a very good young man, who devotes much of his timo to delivering tracts, ? ; ii i Sydney News io now represented in' N.S.W, Parliament by two of its staff— Editor H. - Hogue and John Haynes. ? ? -i ... On many of the Coolgardio mines more gold can be seen in tho camp in 10 minntcs than could be got out of tho reef by dynamito in ten weeks; , ? Mr. D. Clifford holds a salo of household furniture and sundries at the Commercial Bank, Borrima, to day (Saturday). J. Educational.— Professor of Moral Geography— What isle is noted for its internal improvements ! Thonghtful Student— Castor ile. ? ? Gentlemen can see a very choice assortment of Hats, TicB, Shirts, Sox, &c;, at H. Coleman's. . Regatta Shirts from 2s lid, Braces from Bid per pair. ? , The champion fat ox at the Brisbano exhibition turned the scale at 2254 pounds live weight., It was sold by auction for £19. . The much-abused camel as an Australian neces sity is fotcbing 1100 for a good one out west in tho Westrslian gold districts. Corrigan, the jockey, leaves a wife and. two children. A movement has been started to get up a benefit race meeting for their assistance; The Commercial Bank has again lowered its interest on fixed doposits— for 6 months, 2 percent, per annum ; for 12 months 3i per cent. The fashion has altered in Gent's Hats at H . Coleman's, you will find a splendid lot in latos} Btyles at half ordinary priccs. Tho members of tho Bowral Firo Brig ado. dis ? tinguished themselves on Monday night by extinguishing a honfirfe. Mr. D. F. Evans has . been appointed from 'Berrima to the Liverpool branch of the Commer cial Bank. Tno Mines Department, granted authority to obtain passes to 89 intending fossickers on old goldficlds. Cecile Andersen was found guilty of the murder, i of John Fraser in Melbourne, and sentenced' to i death. I - An unsuccessful attempt, has been m.de to burn down the wAol'ohed at Netallie,' in the Wilcannia district. ? : \- .. .. .. ? . 'i- The skcarors strike in tho Moreo district . haa been virtually Bottled, as the wook is proceeding under one or otherof the agreements ? An anarchist named Griffray has been sentencod in Paris to threo years' imprisonment for praising tho self-donying heroism of Hieronymo, Ersltine Smith, teller nf the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank at Griftan, is under arrest on a charge of stealing £929. The sum of £400 has already beon raised in Mel bourne on- behalf of tho family of the late Tom Corrigan, who was killed at Caulfield on Saturday, It io oxpected that £3000 will be realised; . ? ' Mr. Eddy complained at Kiamn that the people -did: not givo tho railway tho patronage they had promised, hut when, shown somo freight anomalies Jio promised to examino the scheduloe.. \- ? T1)0 cpmplete returns for tho Hartloy Ministerial ro-eleotion give Mr. . Cook, Postmaster-General, a majority of 760 over Mr. Jamea Thompson,' the i ' solidarity' oandidate. . ????-? ? '.. »( . Ex-M.L.A. Turner, whose red waistcoat excited I so much attention in N.S.W. Parliament, B few I years ago, is at present boss of about 150 men 'on'a i Salvation Army labour-home in, Victoria. : i l 'Ccsario ' Santo Heironym'o, tho' aesaseion of President Carnpt, wno executed at 5 ^ o'clock on Thursday morning Ho spent tho previous night ?reading !' Don .Quixoto.';, ? ? ? ( -u v ' Tho average1 daily traffic on'-Bowen (Q.) railway ' io a woman a bag of potatoos ; men and boys WQ)k. Working oxponso last year £2300 ; total receipts £451. And interest oa cost to pay as well . Tha Wcntworth' (NiS.W.) electorate, rrore- ? Ecntsd. to J. P.-, Abbott, contains 32,000 square miles. .. Scotland .contains 29,820 oa, m. and Ireland 32,530. , ' _ ?' -i: Rich -finds ;in(Wcstralia'':,,grow monotbneus. Tho wholo provinco should be pegged'oot, taking tho. solid gold for granted, and an uge^t announce ment cent along when' anybody strikes n' barren ' tsaVoIli ? '--l n 'Tho inquiries 'of1 the'- ^Milbourne' -Firo' Brigade Board into tho question of alleged extravagarica ' in - that ? depsrtmont,; i dieted -that ^marriod men .with families, wero working; no, fnemcn .for^them at 16s per weok I . , -i , ?' ' ? .1 ,S- -1 ? '' ' Tliit lo o cold cruel .v/orld,' j the tramp jhc'gan iwcirily,: . ' Folko ain't cntisGcdwithiturnin' o man do^n i tlioy gocs'an' do?s It disagrceablo,' ? What's tho matter 5' ' I jos' mado a call at tlio fahnhoust). Madam, cava I, I'm hnogry I am. - An' what' did uha do ? ' Sho jes' looked at mo aigniflcant- liko an' 'cdys:^So'a my. ttog.'/i! ,^-^(.'0^ -r.-uit At Nowport (U.S.A;)j tho tramway cb hob com. monccd to run chcap fnncraln, Tlio cortogo consists pf»wo.c?ra lU-inted blnok f.tho corpso has the front ono nil to itsolf, and tho mourners occupy tho hinder one. Tho faro for cacli mournor is ten conta. and tho corpsois chargcd a dollar. A funeral with ten dojeotcd relatives in attendaneo thus cost3 8a 4d. A Fiji compositor had a bit of nativo lingo to set np and chargcd the doublo rato allowed for the setting-up of foroign languages. The manager dis allowed tho change and pointed out that it was tho language of tho country. Tho comp.'s next bill .was chargcd at tee doublo rato for as lie explained to tho dayed mauagcL' if Fijian is tho ftt&tlYe; ' lnngaagij »:; -Ush !.;if! & (forcigu onoi' .f flis I first j chnrfpi wa^yjijoifipily allowed. { j ii . i 