The Composer's Ideal. The following is Professor Marshall Hall's description of his " Idyll," which is to be played for the first lime at the orchestral concert to . be given under bis direction at the orchestral concert concert to bo given under bis direction at the Towu-hall next Saturday after noon : — The opening is full of a solemn awe such as is experienced 011 sotpe still 'ottTTinici— nig-hrtr- byoric — rYholieSOntliO white gleaming shore, and gazes far out over the. noiseless, immensurate /innn r> hnirnuH itrh/ipn nitvi (r/>no>/\ mmin UULUUJ J 11 uooo una iuuuu tains and valleys, as if by euchantment, uplift, ghost-like, dreams of auother forgotten age, and other seas break there upon other shores. And the lonely beauty of the stars shiues out, round whom is silence and deep mystery ; and nature in all her gran deur, eternal and infinite, far removed from the pettishncss of human life, seems to chant her majestic hymn. In the midst of this calm, flowing melody, a note of pain makes itself heard. The air quivers and throbs, as though some new element had intruded. Sud denly all motion ceases ; a lovo motive sounds through the sustained mass of harmony ; a lithe, joyous figure bounds from the darkness. Again the atmosphere vibrates, as it were, with love, - witlx joyous, ardent, youthful love, and another figure appears ; the theme sounds again, doubled by the clarionet ; a figure of it is taken np by the violins, and rashes with a passion ate crescendo into a wildly .joyous outburst. A long, ever-varying love- scene follows, growing quieter and quieter ; a tinge of sadness is felt. The lovers, 1 10, sitting hand in hand, feel the solemn tranquility of the night. The opening theme colored by trom bones, enters, as it were, a symbol of eternity, a warning note, a reminder of the transitoriness of things earthly, of joy of life of love. The love themes seem to painfully combat it, but in vain ; it grows louder and loader, as they. grow more and more vehement; one macl outburst, like to a wild passionate parting, a silence, and the qniot mystery of night is again over all ; the stars shine out with ever in creasing brilliancy, the ocean mnrmnr rises higher and higher, and, fused into the spirit of the scene, as if from some far distance, an echo of love is faintly heard, mingling with the mighty hyum of nature." An interesting story is told by Mr. S. B. Salter of an enormous Sprang ou tang in the wilds of Borneo. Mr. Salter, .who is a resident of Melbourne, was formerly -a' horse dealer, and loft Victoria last. July with a shipment of horses for Singapore. The fall in the rate of exchange, however, caused his venture to be unsuccessful, and having a commission from the directors of the Zoological Garden to forward them a tiger and tapir, he went to the interior to purchase them . The tiger. was cap tured iu Singapore, and, leaving it in safe keeping, Mr. Salter proceeded to Borneo, where he organised a party ol natives. Ourang outangs are plentiful on the island, but they are exceedingly difficult to capture owing to their great strength. A few small ones were ob tained, but for a time the hunters failed to capture a full grown specimen. At last a monster was fonnd, . and directly he saw the natives he advanced to give battle. The men took shelter in the branches of a tree whither the ourang outang promptly started to follow them, 'llis capture was then effected by strategy. Allowing him to climb half way up the trunk, the natives then commenced the assault, blinding the beast by throwing cayeuu'e pepper into his eyes. The pain caused, him to let go his hold and ho then foil to t lib ground. While he sat rubbing his eyes .with his hands the ineu in the t ree quietly dropped" the noose of a strong rope o.Vcr the monkey's shoul ders, and, hauling it tight, secured the anus. A strong cage of bamboos was constructed, and the beast conveyed in tilUUiJJii IU lUi V, H11C1C UU DUO shipped on board the Bucephalus, in company with the tiger, and also a tapir which Mr. Salter had secured. The vessel arrived iu Melbourne on Tuesday, and the specimens formed a great river attraction. The ourang outaug is nearly 0 feet, in height and. has come through the . rough sea voyage in splendid condition'.—" Age." A true story of .tiie i : late Mr. Parnell, when attending a meeting in support of a candidate during an election in an Irish provincial town, is characteristic of him, A rather large and noisy number in tho crowd were opposed to him, and these at length pressed up close to the conveyance from which he was speaking. Amongst the foremost of those who clamoured around the brake was a- well-known local virago; 110 less distinguished by a weakness for; the " drop" than by the extraordinary ugliness of her physiogn omy. Pressing close up to the Irish leader, she assailed -him at intervals, while the meeting -continued, with a torrent of abuse of the most exasperat ing kind/ .At len-rth as lie was driving oftj in his: blandest tone lie bade her adieu in these words; "Aladam, your iusiilts-I ' may forget, but youi lace 1 never shall." <. / Another disastrous dynamite ex plosion :lias taken place-; at ; Santander, iu Spain, which was recently partially destroyed by a similar catastrophe. The ship Machichaco, carrying' the ' explosive, was blown up, and lU persons 1 were killed. So incensed were the; populace "of - the town V; by ibis new- disaster that, believing the accident to be due to official neglect, they broke into riot. They attacked the Civil , Governor and the inspectors: of ship- j ping, and the police were unable to restore order. The disturbance was ultimately quelled by tho military. J 