REVIEWS. ' STEVE BROWN'S BUNYIP." For some years paat the readers of the principal Australian weeklies have been familiar with the short storie3 contributed by " L. L.," Mr. John Arthur Barry, as among the very best work of our colonial writers. Those who have already made acquaintance with them through the Press will welcome anew their ap- pearance in book form, whilst for others who meet them thus for the first time there is a treat assured. There are twenty stories altogether in the collection-stories of the bush, of tho mines, of the sea; humorous stones, pathetio stories, storioB with "a shudder" in them. AU are well imagined and picturesquely told ; the characters plainly done from life with a strong free touoh, the looal colour convincingly true. More than one or two of them, indeed, are possessed of a certain distinctive quality that seems to place their author abreast, well abreast of Buoh men aa Rolf Boldrewood and Ernest Favenc. Notwithstanding the number of " L. L.'s" storieä we have beon glad to greet afresh in its pages there are some others, greatest favourites with us of them all, wo miss from amongst them. These we shall hope to see granted a place in a future volume. Thoso of the stories whioh appealed in the Pall Mall Gazette seom to have won for the author English admirera as warm as thoso his Queenslander and other Australian work gained him in those colonies. It is particularly gratifying to find that the brilliant author of " Soldiors Three" is amongst the men of the wider world who recognise tho genuineness of Mr. Barry's gift. Mr. Rudyard Kipling's introductory verses, a fow of whioh aro quoted below, are sympathetic in a wonderful degree, spirited, and touahing : There dwells u Wife by the Northern March And a wealthy Wife is she ¡ She breeds a breed o' rev In' men And casts them over sea. And somo tiley diown In deep water, And nome In sight of shore ; And word goes back to the carline Wife, And over »ho sends more. Tho Rood Wife's sons come home again VVi' little into their hands But the leur o' men that ha' dealt w i' men In the now and naked landa But tho faith o' men that lia' in'ovcn men By more than willing breath, And the eyes o' men that ha' read wi' men lu the open bocks o' Death. And somo return in broken sloop, And somo in waking dream, For she hears the hecla o' the dripping ghosts That ride the long root-beam. Home-they como homo fiom all tho teas The liv ing and the dead Tho good Wife's sons caine home again Tor her blessing on the-ir hoad. CAMP FIRE TALES. " Australian Camp Fire Tales," by Mr. A. B. Bell, of this oity, is a little collection of sketches and stones, most of whioh appeared some yoars ago in the local Press and found appreciative readers. It appears to us, not- withstanding, that the stuff is good stuff but wants adzing down. The author has, however, done better things since and in a bettor fashion, and his later work is likewise to be ropubhshed in a couple of small volumes. It is gratifying to learn that the suocesa of the venture, financially speaking, is already assured by tho well-filled subscription lists, and we wish Mr. Bell like good fortune in the way of literary fame. 