' ‘"Eadses’ Gossip. Another woman of mark—Mme. Koecklin Schwartz, many years of whose life hivo been devoted to good works—has received what is still to be considered, where a woman is con cerned, the highest reward of merit—namely, the Cross of the Legion of Honor. The small nnmbcr of women who have the right to wear the red ribbon—they are not more than twenty, sven when reckoning the members of the religious nursing communities—renders this a distinction of the highest order. Vastly dif ferent is the violet ribbon belonging to the Palmes Academiques, which has of late years been almost too generously awarded for ser vices ill defined. The special character of this honorable grade is too often lost to sight, and persons are admitted into the list A Dinner Dress. Dinner dress of troche, with plain full shirt, bodice trimmed with lace and jet, finished with how at the side; sleeves very bouffaut, with small cuff of velvet from which lace falls. who have never done much to further oduca- | Hon in any form ; hut this year the Govern ment has been somewhat more circumspect. Among the nominations that appeared last week were several female names. The dreadful tragedy which occurred the other day in the Rue dea Martyrs, when a family consisting of father, mother and daughter put an end to their lives to escape the shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a great deal of comment and much very real com miseration. All their preDarations seem to have been made with a Btoicfsm that savors of the antique, and which one would hardly expect to End in an average middle-class household. Rather unfairly, perhaps, the opponents of ad vanced education for women set the_ tragedy down to the effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mind; for many refuse to admit that the project could have been con ceived by either of the parents, but must have originated with the daughter, who had received & superior education to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of -music, or to get her pastels accepted at the Salon, preyed upon the young girl’s mind—sho was only twenty-three—was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over her parents may have influenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of the nursery superstitions. The thief in the candle; the stranger in the tea cup; the name that lurks in the coffee grounds: the —feSJ-ir-.i-jr>“V»vdp“ef:..lucky money; the burning of the right or left ears; the itching of the nose; the itching of the eyes; turning the money at the new moon; the sneezing of the cat. All these are harmless little f nines at which the children laugh; they do not influence conduct—they make supersti tions riduculous. It would be a very pleasant thing for the Thirteenth Club to celebrate some of these superstitions; on enormous number can he collected. The Folk-Lore Society; the author of the “ Goldeu Bough ; ” the Psychical Society could contribute hun dreds of these pretty, idle, merry little super stitions. But the club must invite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls to go out and look for it, is the use of the new moon ? Without girls to counteract the warning, what is the good of an itching noBe ? And, of oourse, for the Thirteenth Club there are most magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of all kinds. But these things will follow in due course ; “LikaJoko” is a most ingenious young gentleman. Jja the New Testament the twelve founda tions of theNew Jerusalem are represented as •cf eo many precious stones, comprising the amethyst, beryl, chrysolite, ehrysoprase, chat- _ oedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, sapphire, sardine, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some ore supposed to represent ns many apostolic virtues, such as: 1\. Amethyrst—Sobriety and temperance. 2\. Beryl—Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chalcedony—Ardent zeal. 4\. Chrysolite—Restrained by no obstacles, fi. Chrysoprase—Severity towards sin. 6\. Emerald—Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper—Firmness and constancy. : 8, Hyacinth or Jacinth—Calmness in all 9\. SappSre — Heavenly and. beautiful thoughts. 10\. Sardiua—Readiness for martyrdom.. 11\. Sardonyx—Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz—Healingpower. In case of fire a wet silk handkerchief tied without folding over the face is a complete security against suffocation by smoko; it permits free breathing, and at the same lime excludes the smoke from the lungs. The “ Daily Graphic” gives an account of life atKrobo. on the Gold Coast colony. One of the customs of the country is that every girl, in order to become eligible for marriage, is obliged toloave her family and spend a period of 18 months on the sacred mount. Here she is instructed in housekeeping, etc. Theideaisnot a bad 