$re ffigrjMer- FATED TO SIN: \- A . JEWISH MUSICIAN'S STORY. Chapter XII. The emotions that grew upon me as l read my father's message need not bo detailed. How, us I painfully deciphered it, word falling upon word added steadily to the weight of those emotions, until at length it seemed as though the burden was greator than I could bear, I need not tell. Indeed, so engrossed naa a occomo by what had gone before, that tho sonse of the last line did not penetrate my mind. I leaned back in my chair and drew - a long breath like one exhausted by an effort beyond his'strenpth. . I waited for tho commotion of thought and feeling to quiet a little. I was completely horror- . stricken and tired out and bewildered. ' But by-and-by it occurred to me. v ' "What did lie say the man's name was ? And languidly I picked up tho paper and read the postscript for a second tirao. Tho next instant I was on my feet, rigid, aghast, for consternation. What ! Pathzuol 1 The name of Yeronika! My head. swam. It was as if I had sustained a terrific blow between the eyes. Could it bo that this Patbzuol, tho mau who had dishonored my mother, the man whom my -father had commissioned mo to murder, was her father ? tho father of her who had indeed been murdered, and of whoso murder I hod been accused? Tho mere possibility stunned and sickened me. It was the straw that broke the camol a back. X had been under a pretty tense nervous strain ever since the reception of Tikujski , s letter in the afternoon. This last utterly undid me. My muscles relaxed, my kneos knocked together, tho perspiration trickled down my forehead. I went off into a regular fit of weeping, like a woman. It was not long boforo Merivalo onlored. I looked up and saw him standing over . me. with a physiognomy dividod between astonishment and contempt. Ah, Lexow/ ho said, shaking his head, 4 1 ara surprised at yon.' Then his eyes . grew stern, and he continued, sharply, stop ! Stop your crying. You ought to be ashamed. Whatever new misfortune has befallen you, you have no right to act like this, It is a man's part to bear mis- fortuno silently. It is a school-girl s or a baby's to take on in this fashion. Stop your crying, dry your eyes, and show what you are made of. Grit your teeth and clench your fists, and don't open your \- mouth-till you arc ready to bohavo like a , reasonable being. His wards sobered mo to somo extent. 1 Well,' I said, 4 I am calm now, what do you want?' ... <15 I should do what J want, ho answered, 4 you would not speedily forget it. I should — but never mind that. What I want you. to do is to speak up like a man ' and explain tho occasion of this rumpus, if you can.' \ 4 Here, read this,'. I said, offering him tho paper. . He took it, glanced at it, turned it this . way and that, handed it back. t How can I read it ?' ho said, 4 it s German. Head it to mo. Come read it to " mo/ be repeated, as I hesitated. I pulped down my reluctance, and read tho whole thing through as rapidly as I could in English. Ho sat across the tablo smoking and drawing figures in theashpan with tho ashes of his cigarette. Onoo in a while I heard him whistlo softly to him self. Ho had thrown his last cigarette aside and was biting his finger-nails when tho readiog drew to a close. 'Ho more ?' ho asked. 'Isn't that enough?' Oh, I didn't mean that. Oh yes; that's enough ; and it's pretty bad too. But I expected something worse from tho rough way you were cat up.' 'Worse ? In heaven s name what could be worse? My mother dishonored, my father broken- hearlcd, and I marked out for a murderer, even from my cradle r And then — , „ , , _ . ' I say it's hard, deucedly But —inasmuch as yon'ro not a murderer, you know, I wouldn't let that side oE the matter bother me, if I ware ypa. The bad V ' part of the business is tc think of how your father's happiness, lyour mother's / innocence, were destroyed. Think how ho .-v must have suffered 1'yK . \- /Bnfryou haven't listened-yqu haven t understood the wora yet. / Here; see his > name— Pathzuol.' ' 'Well, what of it?' . Why. don't you remexnbe: t» « Xfc as the ; same namo a?y ronika'a- —my ii'' -! — 'sweotheart'a.'cJ \- 'E .at of my with all the other facts — and I think you'll confess that it was sufficient to shake me up a bit. To come upon that name at the end of such a letter, it was like being knocked down. I lost my self- possession. Think ! if he was her father. But, oh no ; it isn't credible ! It's sheer accident, of course.' 4 Of coarse it is. The letter doesn't say that ho was even married. I suppose thoro is more than one Pathzuol in the world, as well as more than one Merivale. But all the same, it's a coincidence of a sort to stir a fellow up. I don't wonder you lost your balance. Only, the idea of boohooing like a woman I That's inex cusable. Mercy 1 what a good hater your father was ! and what an unspeakable wretch Nicholas !' 4 Yes/ 1 went on, 4 it gavo mo a pretty scvcro jolt, tho sight of that name ; and I can't seem to get over it. I don't know why, bat I can't help feeling as though there were more in this than you or I perceive, as though there were some deduction or other to be drawn from it which is right within arm's reach and yet which I can't grasp — some horriblo corollary, you know. My brain is in a whirl, I — I — ' . \ 4 You are quite unstrung, as it i« natural you should be. But you must exert your reason and put the stopper upon your imagination. Let deductions and corollaries take care of themselves. Con fine yourself to tho facts, and you'll see that they're not so bad as they might be, after all. For example — ' 4 But it is just the facts that perplex and horrify me. ? My father destines me to bo the murderer of Nicholas Pathzuol, or of his next of kin All ignorant of this destiny, I meet and love a lady, whoso name is Pathzuol— a namo so rare that I have never heard it before, and have not since, except in this writing to-day. My lady is murdered ; and I, though innocent, am suspected and accused of tho crime. Add to this my father's threat to come back from the grave and use me as bis instrument, in esse I hesitate or in case I nover receive his letter ; and— well, it is like a problem m mathomatics — given tbis and that to dotermine so and so. No. no, there's no use denying it, this strange combination of facts must bavc somo awful meaning. It seems as though each minute I was just on tho point of catching it, and then, as I tighten my fingers around it, it escapes again and eludes mo.' Nonsense, man. You are yielding to yonr fancy, like a child who, because he is oppressed in tho dark, conjures up ghosts and goblins, and cannot be persuaded that there are none about, till you light the gas and show him that the room is empty. Come, light the gas of common sense ! Recognise that yoar problem has no solu tion, none becaoso it is not a truo problem, hot merely a fortuitous arrangement of circumstances which chancos to bear a superficial resemblance to one. Reduco your quasi problem to its simplest terms : thus, given x and y and s, to find tho value of 5. Don't you see that there's no connection?' 4 Oh, of course, I acknowledge that I can't see any connection. That's just tho trouble. I feel that there mast bo a con nection — one that I can't see. If I could only see it, it wouldn't be no bad. But this perplexity, this — ' 4 This fiddle-stick ! You are resolved to distress yourself, and I suppose it's usoless for me to labor with you, t Only this mnch I will say,. that if you should bestow a little of tho energy you are expending in the effort to catch hold of a non- existent inference, upon sympathy with your father's unhappinoss, I should have more respect for you. They talk about suffer ing ennobling and chastening men, for sooth 1 So far as you are concerned, suffering has done nothing but intensify your natural egotism. For instance aftor reading that letter of your father's the first idea that strikes you is, 1 How does it effect me, how am I concerned by it ?' whereas the spectacle of your father's immense grief ought to have absorbed you to the 'exclusion of everything clso, ought to have left no room in yonr mind for any other thought.' But for all Merivalo could say by way either of appeal or of reprimand, I was powerless to subdue that feeling which bad begun'to stir in my breast. I re cognised that I was unreasonable and selfish, but I was also helpless. I could not get over the -shock I . had sustained when pQthzuol's name first took shape before my by es.' Every time I remembered that moment— and itkopt recurring to me in spite of melf— my heart sank and my breath became spasmodic, as if I had been . confronted by a'ghost. ( , And. then ensued, that sonsation of groping in the dark . after- somefchin invisiol, unknown'," yet surely thefe, hpyering within arm's reach, but as delusive' — " ' wisni I struggled with this sensation, tried my utmost to shake it off, but it sat like a monster on my heart. Its weight was deadly, its touch was icy ; it would not be dislodged. 4 It is true, all that yon say, Merivale,' I returned, at length. But the question is not one of what I ought to do, it is one of what I can do. I know I ought to regard this matter in the the same collected spirit that you display, but it concerns me so intimately, you sec, that Ican't resist being somewhat perturbed. My wits, so to speak, have been scattered by an unex pected blow. I shan't be able to emulate your sang-froid until they have got back to their proper places. I'm so heated and upset that 1 don't really know what think or what I feel. I guess perhaps I'd bettor go for a walk, and cool off. and arrive at an understanding with myself. 4 Tho very worst thing you coald possibly do— go away by yourself and Drood and get more and more morbid every minute. What you want is to think of something else for a while, and then when you (ome back to this subject you'll be in a condition to regard it in its correct light. Lot's — let's play a game of cribbage. or read somo Bossotti, or snppose you fiddle a little 4 No, I feel tho need of air anil exercise. I'll go out and take a walk. I shan't brood, 1 11 reflect on tho sensible things you've said. Good-bye.' I walked briskly through tlie streets, striving to collect my faculties, striving to regain sufficient mental tranquillity to comprehend exactly what the long and short of the whole business was. But the feoliug that there was something more in it than I could mako out, intensified. It would not bo dispelled. 'Hie oftener I went over the circumstances the more significant they seemed. Significant of what ? Precisely the question I could not answer. The longer I allowed my mind to dwell upon thera tho more acute be cause that sensation of wrestling with a problem, of groping for a something sus pended near ,to mo in the dark. My father had destined mo to be a murderer, the name of my intended victim was Pathzuol, I had been engaged to a young lady of the same name, very possibly the daughter of my father's foe ; she had indeed been murdered, though not by my hand, and yet, despite my innocence, had been deemed guilty of the crime : tbis chain of facts kept passing over and over before me. I felt that it must moan something, it could not bo purely fortuitous ; there was a break, a missing link, which, if I could but supply it, would make the hidden meaning clear. I walked tho streets all night, unablo to fix my thoughts on anything else. I said, 'You are merely wearing yourself out and getting your brains into a tangle : try to ivertyour attention. Count up to a thouaaud. Sea how much you can re- momber of tho Moonlight Sonata. Con jugate a Hebrew verb. Do what you will, only stop puzzling over this matter. As Merivalo says, when you have thought of something else for a while, you will be in a condition to return to it with refresbod intelligence, and view it in the right light.' But tho next moment I was at it again, in greater perplexity than ever. Of courso, I succeeded in working myself up to a high degree of nervousness, was as exhausted and as exasperated as though I had spent an hour in futile attempts to thread a needle. But now it began to get light. Tho stillness of tho night was broken, my solitude was disturbed. Hosts of sparrows began to congregate upon the window- sills and their busy twittering filled the air. First one steam- whis tie blew in tho distance, then another nearer by, then another, and finally a chorus of them; bells began to ring, whggons rattled over tho pavement, the shrill whoo-hoop of the milkman resounded through tho streets. Tho clatter of footsteps became audiblo upon tho sidewalk. People began to walk abroad. The sky turned from black to grey, from grey to blue. Shutters were banged, doors slammed, windows thrown opeD, housemaids with brooms and buckets appeared upon tho stoops. Dawn had arrived from across the ocean with the smell of tho sca-brcczo still clinging to her skirts. The city was waking to its feverish multifarious life.— And the result was that I forgot myself — was penetrated and exalted oy that vague tremulous exhilaration .which always accompanies the first breath of morning. I expanded my longs and inhaled the ..fresh airland felt a glow" of warmth and animation .shoot through my limbs. J Ah,' I cried, 4 a truce to the 'blue devils ! I will go home and take tip) my regular life again, jr ' " \\.y— ihterrdptibn-hallfitT , I hurried fe5?; - ; V T was already. 4 Hail !' £ exclaimed. 4 1 am glad to see you out of bed so early ! 4 1 have not been abed since yoa left/ he answered. , 4 Why not? What have you been doing ?' 4 Thinking about you — about what can be done to make a man of you. 4 Oh, you needn't worry about that. I'm all right now. I shan't play tho fool any more, I promise you. I propose that we sink tha last four-and-twenty hours into eternal oblivion. What do you say ?' 4 Nothing would more delight me.' 4 Good ! Let's begin at the first cause. Where's the manuscript? We'll set fire to it, and agree to believe that it really never existed.' 4 No,' said Merivale, 4 1 won't set fire to it — at least not till it is manifest whether your present mood is merely a reaction from your late one, or whether it is going to last. I will dispose of the manuscript- see.' Ho fonnd it on the table, opened the donble cover of the box, restored the papers to the place they had occupied formerly, and locked the box up in tbe closet of his writing.desk. 4 There,' he said, 4 that's the best thing to do. I'll take care of it. Some day you may have a little sympathy to waste on your father, and then you'll be glad this writing was not destroyed.' Wo had breakfast, and after the cups and saucers were cleared away, applied ourselves to our ordinary forenoon occu pation. It turned out indeed that my good spirits were, as Merivale had sus pected, to some extent reactionary, but they left me sober rather than sad. I was absent-minded, and committed numberless blunders while my friend dictated his poems, but I did not let my thoughts settle down again upon the matters that had engaged them during the night. They simply wandered about in a random way from one different topic to another, as it is the Jmbit of thoughts to do when the thinker has not had his customary allot ment of sleep. Presently Merivale sus pended his dictation, and I waited passively for him to resume supposing that he had reached a point where reflection was necessary to further progress. His silence continued. Pretty soon my eyelids dropped like leaden curtains over my eyes, and my chin sank upon my breast. I was actually nodding. I started up and pinched myself, ashamed of appearing drowsy. Lo ! I perceived that my friend had met with tho same mishap. He too w&a; nodding in his chair. For a moment we eyed each other sheepishly, each endeavoring to feign wido wakefulness. Then Merivale rose and stretched him self and laughed. 4 For my part I cast off tho mask/ be cried. 4 1 am sleepy and I am going to bed. You'd better follow suit.' To be Continued 