Two-tailed Timothy. A FACntil. STonRY. Timothy easa lizard with two-tails. They had.the uppear.nree of a fork; and, because no other lizmrds who lived along the castle wall could boast of more than one tail, Timothy was exceedingly proud of himself. ., Hie could notrun any faster than his coms rauione, or catch flies in a more olegant way, but because~ of his tail: 'he gave himself such airs that reallyit was almost past endurance, , The lizards who lived inutho ivy on the wall grew tired of Two-tailed Timothy. As a curiosity he was all very well, and stuffed and put in a museum he would have been delight full but as it was they found Timothy, with his airs and graces, rather too much for their nerves. One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a birthdayparty on the sunny side of the wall, and everybody who was in society went to it, iocluding Timothy. At this party the lizards, nimble as they were, got caugh .about halfa. dozen escaped, but thoxe st't?'rediltured in a net by two English boyase lzt eneuprowling about th old wall for some Woee.- , Some of the lizards'were 0o frightened that their tails dropped off. The boys examined their unfortunate cap. tives, and one of them cried with astonish. meat: "Look at that fellow, Jack; why, if he hasn'tgot two tails We'll keep him, won't, we?" "So he has !" exclaimed the other boy; "that's a queer thing ! And look here, Fred, this one's a fine one: let's keen the two anid throw the others away." " All right," said Jack; and away went the rest of the Itards, some with tails and some without, but all delighted to get off any how. Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put in a kind of cage which the boys constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves..: i. The Patriarch wept because he felt that it was hard, at his time of life, to be caught by a couple of boys ; and Timrothy pined for the joys of lberty, the sunny wall. and thoe juicy lies that were no longer within reach of a snap. Alas ! his tails had been his undoing. Without them' he might have passed unnoticed, and been again a freeand happy lizard. The Patriarch was fond of lecturing young people, and telling them what he did at their age, but, as the juvenile lizards could ran faster than he cond, it was notoften that he could make them attend to him. But now there was Timothy at' hand, and the wretched Timothvy could not escape. The Patriarch talked-and talked to such pur. pose that at the end of two days Timothy was positively limp, without energy enough left to snap up a fly. The boys said he was sulky, and tried to make him lively 'by poking his with bits of stick, which did not, however, have the desired efeot. Timothy sat all day long in a corner of the cage, and even his cherished tails ceased to give him the slightest pleasure. At last the Patriarch, who had been poking about the premises y wayof amusing hmself, took pityupon his dejected fellow-sufferer. He awent brikly up to hin as hp sat' in his corner and gave him a good thump. "You ought to be ashamed to sit moping there, a young fellow like you!" cried the old gentleman. "Getaway!" said Timothy sulkily. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself," pro. eeded thePatriarch, "when there is a hole at the back of the cage that a thin lizard-mark me a thin slender lizard-might crawl through ata pinch.". h oVhoat !" cried Timothy, springing up, " a hole? Did you say a hole r" " I did mention the word hole," replied the Patriarch, marching off ; " it is a hole that's of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will give it to you.: You caun get through, unless those ridiculous tails stop yo.'" Timothy's heart fell when he discovered how extremely small was the hole in question; yet a desperate longing for liberty took poseasrson of him. He went to his companion and told his dificulty; his tails were In the way. " 'Bite them off, then I" returned the Patri. aich,'with' cruel calmness. s Timothy shivered ; never could ho adopt such a terrible remedy, and he timidly asked whether there were no other way. "Well, 'there is one other method," ad. mitted the Patriarch. "Supposing you could be well frightened, your taile-- nrhaps one perhaps both-might drop off. You recollect what happened to ocur friends the day we were eeught ?" Yes, Timothy, with a thrill of hone, remem bered the loose, wriggling tails ; and he sat down meekly by the Patriarch, and asked him' to be so Rood as tofrighten him well. " I don't mind trymg," answered thelatter, kindly; and he began to relate the most start ling tales he could think of, while Timothy tried as hard as he could to be frightened. The Patriarch talked and talked, .but the lizard's tails showed no signs of alarm: they were most hardened, obetinate tails !i., Then the duslc fell, and the Patriarch took to ghost stories. His voice gnt lower and lower, and drowsier and drowsier, the old gentleman seemed dropping oft to sleep. "And so the four.and.twenty white-sheeted figures went one by one out of the barn," he mumbled; "andthe lastone-turned-round and-said-Bo!" , This the Patriarchpositively shouted, making a sudden spring at Timothy with gleaming eyes. The young lizard was so taken by sur prise that lie jumped up in the air, and, joy, joy! his tails dropped offi! "Ah1" said his companion, "I thought I should manage to frighten you somahow. New be off, myyoung friend, and mind you recol lect ell the good advice I have given you." Timothy scampered to the hole, squeezed himself through; then away be went, a free, though tailless, lizard. In course of time his tails grew again, and even longer and more elegantly taper than before; whereat Timothy rejoiced exceedingly, but was kept humble by the remembrance of his former calamity. He lived to a good old age, and was always re larded by everybody as one of the curiositiesof the neigh'borhood.-Sunlrt., in "Little Folks." In tho course of great trials there is usually a good deal of speculation as to the amount of expenditure incurred by the rival litigants. fr'Labouchero gives, in "Truth," a criterion by which a rough estimate may be formedin such, matters, ni defending the recent action brought against; him by the' Ziorenborge, his coats anrounted:to what bo calls tho' ' asodesat trifle" of'L4794 '17s. Mr' Labbuohero was completely successful in tho action in' nll save recovering his costs from the plaintiffs. 