The Bisliop of Grafton and. Arm-dale at Moree. (From our correspondent.) Bishop Green arrived unexpectedly on Friday evening. It had been arranged that his Lordship was to arrive on Saturday morning about noon, and be formally met and welcomed by the townspeople about a mile outside the town. This arrangement was upset by unforeseen circumstances. On arrival at Combadello statiorj, it was announced that Mrs. MfiRPH WAR i^anfrprnnfilv ill . f.Vip Riahrm tlirm rln cided to come right on. Change of horses having been procured, his Lordship waa driven into Moree that evening by Mr. F. Moses. The public welcome was carried out thia morning, the Sunday School children of All Saints, the Town Band, and several townspeople met the Bishop at ths ceremony. A much larger number of people would have attended, but they thought there would have been an alteration in the pro gramme of reception owing to the arrival the pre vious evening. In the evening a conversazione was held at the School of Arts Hall to welcome Bishop Green, at which there was a large attendance. The proceed ings commenced by the Rev. E. F. Hutchins, M A., reading the address of welcome to the Bishop as follows : — Jo the Migltt Rev. Pather in God, Arthur Vincent, Lord Bisliop of Qrafton and Armidale. We, tbe members of the Anglican Church in Mcee with greatest pleasure welcome your Lordabip to this remote part of your Diocesan See, and appreciate the zeal which ha9 impelled you thus early to come to us, and in ao welcoming you wu fully appreciate the amount of fatigue and discomfort which you have sustained in 1 ravelling bo fur into the North-West. As mambers ot the Church we congratulate ouraelvea on the ' fact that we have in you a man in the prime of life, who In nrdnr fft /»ot-rir mil Ilia uniEnnnnl HnHad fn Mini* full avidnt hnn not shrunk from the vicissitudes ot back blook travelling, and whose piety, scholarship, and eloquence, under God, assure the advancement of our great and beloved church. Words tail to teil the weloome of ouriliearts, and in this remote portion of your diocese we trust that you will pass a lenuntjudgment on our deficiencies whatever they may be, and help us with a loving father's care, and believe in the sincerity of our endeavour. k Prayerfully desiring that under your Lordship's most able administration, our united efforts may lead us nearer to the perfect doing of God's will, and to the hastening of the coming of His Kingdom, ascribing gratefully Glory to God the Father and to God the Son and to God the Holy Ghost, We have the honor to be, Your Lordship's dutltul, faithful, and loving servants in the Redeemer. The Bis'ioo in a stirrinsr speech then thanked the Rev. E. F. Hutuhias and tke meeting for such an earnest welcome, especially mentioning the welcome by the Sunday School children and the Band. Commencing at the other side of Walgefcfc, he had been continually informed about what he would find at Moree — a hospitable friendly people, living in a place which hud a grand future before it, and ho was glad to be able to state that his informants were not wrong in their estimate. He was also glad to state that the Rev. E. F. Hutchins intended to stay amongst them, and hoped that he might find ' much peace, much progress and mnob. prosperity' amongst his clerical charge. Tbe Diocese of Grafton and Armidale embraced an area of 70,000 square miles, and although he did not wish to commence his career by making an undue number of promises, yet he would say that although be might nob be able to pay them an annual visit, he would visit as often as he conveniently could, and hoped that he would in the near future be able to step into the railway carriage at Armidale and come right through to Moree without changing vehicles or styles of locomotion. In again thank ing the meeting for the magnificent welcome tendered, his Lordship hoped they might be able to say of him at the close of his life that he had striven to leave the world better than he had found it, especially in tbe inculcation of the mottoes of industry, thrift, and purity. (Loud applause.) The - Bishop then presented Miss Lily Everingham with a gold watch and chain as a present from the parithioners, it being a slight though inadequate return for that young lady'B services as organist at All Saints for some years. Mr. T. R. GoiT suitably responded on behalf of Miss Everingbam. At intervals a muBical programme waB gone through, the glee numbers being much appreciated, showing the care which Dr. Eisner had taken in training the choir. Encores were demanded for the doctor's violin boIo 'Romanza,' as well aa Miss Murray's song ' Last night.' ? The following is the complete programme of the v, cal and and instrumental concert .- — Glee, 'From Oberon in fairy land' (Stevens); Soprani, Misses Everingham, E. Everingham. Rose, and Emmprton, Meedarass Clarke, Cornell, Harveson, and Walmsley j alfci, MisBes Clarke, James, and Patterson ; baBfii, Messrs. Clarke and Eccles ; tenori, Messrs. Carter, Cornell, Midgley, and Goff; song, ' Forgive as I forgive thee' (Glover), Mrs. Harveson; vocal duet, 'Friendship' (Glover), Misses Everingham and Patterson ; song, ' Whisper and I shall hear' (Piccolommi), Mies Murray ; violin obligato, Mr. Robinson ; glee, ' Hail smiling morn' (Spofforth), the choir; violin boIo, ' Romanza' (Svendssen), Dr. Eisner; song, 'Yes- terday' (Blockley), Mrs. Cornell; song, 'Last night' Kjerulf), Miss Murray ; vMin duett, 'Nocturne' (Dancla), Messrs. Robinson and Eisner; glee, 'Where art thow beam of light' (Bishop), the choir. At intervals the refreshments prepared by |a iadieB committee were handed round. The Bishop of the diocese preached on Sunday &i; All Saiuta, both morning and evening. In the afternoon a Confirmation service was held, ab which six girlB and four boys received the rite from the hands of the Bishop. The iufanfc child of Mr. John Crane was christened at his private residence by the Biahop on account of the illneBS of Mrs. Crane. At all the services the church was crowded by people of all denominations. The Rev. A. Stephen did not hold the usual Sunday evening Wesleyan service in order to allow his congregation to hear Bishop Green. Such courtesy is worthy of com mendation. The Moree public were glad to welcome, Bishop Green for several reasons, he having been chosen from the ranks of the Australian clergy, and not speciiiily imported and ordered per indent like general merchandise : ' Please send per first mail one worn-out and out-of-date fossil.' Under flie old system the Church of England had lost all touch with the people, its clergy were apathetic and indolent by reason that no' matter what ability and enthusiasm they might throw into the cause, there was neither recognition nor promo tion. Under an Australian choice, every clergyman lino ft* uunuut] YViiou '-uudg laic u^puiuuuu'ica lum -lu* no matter how remote this chance, it will have the effect of stimulating the energies of all the clergy. With the prospective reward of the 'Victoria Cross' of the Church, similarly to that in the army, the rank and file of the clergy will be embued with the same endeavours and ambitions to win renown as Tommy Atkins, full private in a marching regiment. In Bishop Green we are proud to recognise a man of culturp, a thinker aw courant with Australian manners and customers, familiar with Australian town and country life, who baB worked amongst the masses 0? both degrees, and sympathetic in their wants and aims ; a man who has a striking personality, splendid voice, and good delivery to assist him in driving his arguments right home ; a man who does not meander and take circuitous roadB, but takes a straight line from point to point. In the - poet Watson's words : ? Ton long the gulf betwixt. This mun and that man fixed, Yawns yet unspanned. Australians of every creed can recognise that in BiBhop Green we have a man who ia not solely a general of one particular church army, but one who will bG unanimously recognised as a leader in the small army who are fighting the battles of humanity on tho lines of temperance, thrift, morality, and purity. This army will follow such a leader with enthusiasm, ever ready to spring forward with a jump with their bayonets of ' duty to be done hxed and at the charge — waiting for tho order to be given in his clarion t ones, ' Onwar'd ! Christian soldiers.' Under such leadership,- the' words 'disaster and defeat' cannob exist: the' army, constantly increasing in numbers, will rush 1 forward shouting their battle song refrain :: Onward, then, ye people, Join our happy throng. Blend' with purs your voices In the triumph song. Aci 'iompanied by Messrs. A. A. Glennie and' R jay a nd the Rev. E. F.Hutohins, Bishop .Green: eft thii * morning forBinneguy and PallamaliaWa. Moree, » ^'h. Sept., 1S#-1;- 