Unocal & Qea@iral ? Bazaar at Tbevalltn. — The bazaar iheld at St. Oswald's Church, Trevallyn, on 5th inst., resulted in the handsome sum .of £30 being added to the building fund of 'the church. The amount is considered highly satisfactory, and reflects much credit upon the ladies who worked so assiduously to make the affair a success. Ebcbnt Tbain Fire. — The five trucks of straw which were consumed by fire on the goods train near Perth on 5th inst. were owned by Mr W. Bewsher, of this city. The origin of the fire is put down to a spark from the engine. ' Accident at Westbuby.— A painful accident occurred at Westbury on Monday, 3rd inst. It appears that: Mr John M'Donough, in the employ of Mr J. jSollivan, draper, was examining a revolver in order to asoeitain if the weapon was loaded. Whilst he was running his finger along the top of the barrel a cartridge in one of the chambers exploded, the bullet entering the forefinger of the left hand, almost severing it. The sufferer was attended by Dr. Booine, and it is under stood the finger will be saved. ] Abt Competition.— Eight pictures were entered for Messrs Church and Goodall's monthly prize, the subject for which was landsoapep. Some very capable work was shown, and the judges awarded the prize to a painting of Corra Linn by Miss Agnes Bulman. The artist showed considerable skill in her treatment, the still water yuiiuHiu tuu unuge uumfj ebjuemuny well done, but the merit of this was very con siderably discounted by her effort to depict the structure which spans this romantic scene. j ColiiAi-se ob1 a Jetty.— -The structure known as i-yona'B jetty at East Devonport very nearly came to grief on the 4th inst. in consequence of some of the piles subsiding (relates the N.W. Post). 'It appears that during the day Mr John Austin, the contractor for the construction of a new wharf running from the jetty, placed a donkey engine, etc., on the struc ture, the heavy weight causing the timber to give, and some of the worm-eaten piles after the men had left suddenly gave way. The noise occasioned by tht, mishap was heard by Constable Harris, who, meeting the contractor, informed him of the matter. Mr Austin obtained the services of several labourers, and after about an hour's work -the engine, etc., was hauled off and placed oh the bank of the river. The jetty is an old structure, having been erected by Mr; George Lapthorne in 1876. As shipping at the Mersey now is not very brisk it was not much used, and it is believed that before the busy season commences the new wharf will be completed. Late Mes Stbwabt.— Mr John Stephen-, son, on behalf of the friends of the late Mrs Catherine Stewart, who was drowned at the wreck of the Wairarapa, recently interviewed Mr A. B. J. - Irvine, local manager of the Union S.S. Company, with the object of having the body brought to Launceston. On 7th inefc. Mr Stephemon received the following memorandum from Mr I' vine : — ' I am to-day in receipt of a letter from our Auckland branch which runs as follows : — Mrs Stewart's body has Jieen recovered, and is buried in the cemetery near the wreck. Enclosed is a description of the body taken at the time ofirecovery. ThereTvas no other property than that mentioned, and the body was only partially clothed, having no, stays on. Itiwill.be a difficult matter to get the body removed^ bb owing to decomposition it is doubtful if any parsons would undertake to disinter it and case it in a leaden coffin. Cost of removal would be about JB20 includ ing leaden coffin. I should therefore be glad to know whether we shall endeavour to .have it done; None of her 'effects have been recovered from the wreck. I shall be; pleased', to have your iristruc- I |tions.' The(desoriptiph xuns as follows: — f 'An elderly woman with fair hair turning grey; no top^teeth and dreBsed'in a red guernsey. Onihe band of her drawers was stamped in red' letters tha name of C. Stewart. A native named Kino had pre viously taken off ^her finger a gold wedding ring and has since'; handed' it to, me.' Mr StephenBonhad previously received inti mation that the three ladies who had shared the'oabid with 'the late Mrs Stewart were all drowned.The friends of the deceased lady have' in consequence of the difficulty pointed'but by the, Auckland manager of the! Unibh- Company felucfcantly abandoned the; intention of bringing the body over. '!Coox:''in Tasmania— Since Messrs Thomas- Cook and'Soris have established an agency1 in Tasmania excellent work has been done, and the probabilities are that their operations will go on increasing in magnitude' as their utility becomes more widely . recognised. From Mr William Home, the popular and energetic clerk in charge of the agency at Hobart, we are in receipt of the following useful works just issued from the office and from other sources : — Toarists' map of Tasmania, showing routes and mileage ; ' Tasmanian Accommodation Guides' ' Memoranda for visitors to Australia j' leaflet, 'Hobait and its environs ;' and ' Australasian Travellers' Gazette.' These give aa excel lent idea of the information now available for visitors to Tasmania, which has been prepared and published, amongst other matter, since the General Manager of Bail ways accepted the agency of Messrs Cook and Son for this island. It is intended to shortly open a sub-agency in Launcestob, where all informatioa as to Northern Tas manian tours and' Messrs Cook and Sons' busineBEi generally can be obtained gratis as at Hobart office. A properly conducted ' Cook's agency ' is what was very badly wanted for Tasmania, and now the firm has got a footing in the island it is to be hoped that every possible encouragement will be afforded it. The works issued under its auspices are most carefully compiled, and will furnish' visitors with a fund of reliable information. Pbopebty Sale.— -W. T. Bell and Co., instructed: by Mr Edwin H. Beading, MrB Ada O. Garrard, and Mrs Eva F. Dooian, Bold at their marb Monday the followirg properties : — 1. House in Brisbane-street, Nos. 84, 38, occupied by Miss Warder ; also the allotment adjoining Y.M.C.A., total frontage 209 links, to Mr W. A. Blackett for .£1625. 2. Houses in York-street. Nos. 100, 96, 98,, frontage. 90 links, depth 330 links, occupied by Cassidy and Bennett; this lot includes land at back of, Quadrant' let to Fyshe and Barling, to D. and M. Ingles, .£500. 3. House in Charles street, No. 246, frontage 40ft, depth 59ft, occupied by Lidster, to Mr S. E. Holland, .£260. 4, House at corner of Canning and Margaret streets, No. 105, occupied by Davis and Tipper ; also house in Canning street, No. 107, lately occupied by Baker, frontages 83ffc and 57£tt, to Mr Ernest Suttoh, .£350. 5. Cottage in Balfour abreet, No. 103, frontage 4lf b, depth 90ffc, occupied by Mrs Hargraves, to Mr J. Docking for £140. 6. Cottage in Margaret street, No. 74, opposite square, frontage 94£ linkB, depth 250 links, to Mr W. C. Wilson, £165. 7. Land in HilUtreet, frontage of four chains four links, and on Hillside Crescent of three chains 10 links, having a house erected thereon- occupied by Dennis, to Mr'J. B. Waldron, .£165. 8. Land in Elizabeth-street, No. 24, frontage 41ift, depth 89#fc to Mr Wm. Martin, .£135. Rawei. — An appreciative audience assembled in the Albert Hall Monday when .Rawei, the clever Maori lecturer ana musician, assisted by Hinie Taimoa, his wife, gave a farewell entertainment prior to his return to New Zealand. The pro gramme was of a most attractive nature, being composed chiefly of views of Maori land scenery, interaperaed ? with song- and story. The lecturette dealing with the beauties of the North Island was delivered by Bawei, Hinie -Taimoa giving a most entertaining description of the prominent features of the Middle Island. The views included pictures ? of the Lake country Otira Gorge, the Sounds, Dunedin, Christ church, and sketches illustrative of Maori life. At the conclusion, of the entertain ment Bawei thanked the people of Laun ceston for the manner in which he had been received by them, and in a pithy address explained his project for the education of the Maori children. ?. SchoIiAbship*. — The result of the ' Bichard Green scholarship' is as follows : —Bird first, Cochrane 'second, and Solomon thirds The Bev. F. J: Nance, M.A./ officiated as examiner. The 'William Turner scholarship' will be competed for next June, and the Hawkes prizes as usual. Chbistmas Tbains. — The arrangements for the Christmas trains and fares have been published. Betura tickets at' single fares will be issued on all lines to and from all stations ten miles apart between Saturday, December 15, and Tuesday, January 1, inclusive, . available for return, up to Thursday, January 31. For distances less than ten miles day trip return tickets at single fares will be issued from all etations from Saturday, December 22, to Tuesday, January 1, inclusive. Special holiday cheap season tickets will be issued from all stations' from Saturday, December' 22, until Tuesday, January 1, available for one calendar month from date of issue. On no account will these dates be altered or the periods ef currency extended or renewed. Pbactical Jokbbs.— Last week (writes our TTlveretone correspondent) some , big hauls of barracouta were made by one or two of our small fleet, supplying our town with that popular fish at zemarkably moderate prices. The supply tar exceeded the demand, when a happy project occurred to two of our enterprising townsmen, who resolved to turn the honest penny by in troducing the surplus 'couta to some of their neighbours. Arriving in the cool of the evening at the Chinaman's Creek, on the Forth road, the travellers were asked by one of the Celestials what they had for sale. ' Fish,' said one of the merchants. ' No good,' waa the reply, and quickly n, ''couta1' (probably a despised and rejected one) was introduced to honest John's face, who objecting to test the quality of the fish in that manner retaliated, and a slight skirmish took place, which so warmed one of the merchants that he made an attack on the Chinaman's castle, smashing doors and windows, reckless of consequences. Betribution quickly follows such high handed pranks, and a piece of blue was served on. the pugnaoious travellers on the 7th inst., and recently the cate came before the bench, resulting in the dealers being fined 5s each with costs. China in this instance scoring one against the barbarians. A Monster Stjnfish. — A monster of the sunfish Bpecien was captured by some boyB on Sunday evening last. It was disporting itself in the sea a short distance from the shore, and looking so uncommonly like a drowned man that (writes our Somerset correspondent) they rowed out to ascertain what it really was, and finding it to be a fish of a rare kind in these waters they killed it by throwing stones and dragged it to the shore, where it now lies on view in a shed near the wharf. It is a huge creature, oval shaped, with a large fin on its back and a corresponding one underneath, and measures from tip to tip of each fin nearly four feet, and about three feet in length, with eyes almost as large as a bullock's. About four incheB from where the tail would be, if it had one, there is a gristly kind, of hinge reaching aoross the body, which appears to be worked on the same principle as the rudder of a ship, and is, I presume, uBed by the creature for the pur pose of steering and steadying itself. Ik is a superb specimen and well worth seeing. Invalid Depot.— At the conclusion of the usual routine Dusmess or tne tsenevo lent Society Wednesday the chairman (lit J. Stephenson) said that he had written to the Premier (hon. Sir Edward Braddon) for a final answer regarding the taking over of the Invalid Depot, and Sir Edward had replied that he had understood it was quite clear that the society would take over the Depot at the end of the year, and had instructed his secretary to forward the usual formal notification. It was thBn decided to form a committee of manage ment of those present, with Mr J. Stephen son as chairman, Mr M.. Tyson as treasurer, and Mr B. Cameron secretary. A general discussion then took place on the future management, and it was decided that the members should visit the Depot frequently, half one week and the other half the next. For the present it was decided that the committee should meet fortnightly. Chamber ' on1 Commebce.— The usual monthly meeting: of the Chamber of Com marce was heldWedneoday afternoon in the Ministerial-room, Public Buildings . Pre sent — Mr S.:.J. Sutton, M.H.A.. (chairman), : hon. H. . I.JBooke, M.L.C., Messrs Douglas Harris, A. B. Fowler, E. H. Price, Hedley Button, E. G. Miller, and B. fc-. Scott. The ohairman apologised for the unavoid able absence of the secretary (Mr Alex. : Webster), Mr A. B. Fowler acting in that capacity. The following correspondence was read : — From the Attorney-General (hon. A. I. Clark), stating that he was not in a position to give a definite reply to the Chamber's letter of 5th inBt. re bills of sale. The proposal of the Chamber would make such a radical alteration in the law of contracts that he thought it ought to be discussed in Parliament upon a preliminary resolution before any bill was prepared on the subject. Mr H. V. Bayly, Acting-Secretary to the Post-office, wrote stating that he was directed by the Postmasrer-General to acknowledge receipt of the Chamber's letter of the 7th insh, and inform them that he was waiting a reply from Mr Bobt. Gardner for an explanation as to terms of his tender. Until receipt of such he was not in a position to say whether the usual monthly service to tne Straits Ialands would be performed by steamer or sailing vessel. A letter was received from the Agent-General (Sir Robert Herbert) ac knowledging receipt of a communicatiion explanatory of the advantages offered by Kelso Bay at the entrance of the Tamar to large eteamers. This port aa at present surveyed and equipped appeared to afford excellent facilities for receiving and dis . charging cargo, and he would be glad t0 explain its merits whenever he had an opportunity of doing so, No business w brought forward, afitfl after passing a email account, the Chamber rose. Youngi Ladies* Journal. — FromMeesrB A. W. Birchall and Sons we have received the December and Christmas extra num bers of the Young ladies' Journal. The doable issue contains a coloured picture from the original painting by Laslett J. Pott, entitled ' Love's Eloquence.' There are also coloured plates of fancy ball and evening dresses for ladies and children, iancy work designs, a supplement of Christmas amusements, a four-page musio nnrmipmfinfc. fanViion illnqf.rfttiinnB. riVirinfc. mas stories, and the commencement of two new tales, besides other reading matter and pictures. 'We have also received copies from Mr A. W, Mayhead. Japanese Goods. — Messrs W. T. Bell and Co. at their mart Wednesday held a large sale of Japanese goods, consisting of 300 lotBj comprising bamboo furniture, fancy goods and screens, basket-ware and porcelain, The sale lasted for about four hours, and nearly all the goods were sold, but at low prices. ; Sunday School Picnics. — The annual Treat in connection wiwi ou. uuuu a jjuhbu was held at Tattersall's Recreation Ground Wednesday. The children attending the Mission House, St. Oswald*s (Trevallyn ), and St. John's, assembled at the latter church at 10 a.m., where a short service was held, while a similar one was held at St. Aldan's. The scholars, numbering nearly 500 all told, were then driven to tha ground at Elphin, where the nsual sports and games were indulged in with much success. The Eevs. E. C. Nugent Kelly, F. Parnall, and Christie were also on the ground, and took an active part in the sports. They also paid every attention to the children, who conducted themselves well throughout the day: The party were unven uaua. uo \mo uiuj cmuiuij after seven, o'clock after having spent a merry time. The scholars attending St. Andrew's Sunday Bchool also held their annual, picnic at Beauty Park, and spent an enjoyable day. Mutual Provident Messenger.-— This Interesting publication for December is to hand, and contains a great deal of reading matter in reference to insurance. Con vincing facts and figures are given. It also contains the following:— 'A memorable figure in the history or this colony and this society haB just passed away, and the removal of the name ' of ' the Right Hon. Sir Alfred Stephen from the register of our members to the death register brings under notice one of our oldest policies. The bonus additions to this policy throughout remained undisturbed, and have frequently been adduced as a remarkable instance of the bonus producing power of our society. During his life-time, the member was ever pleased to allow the publication of the particulars of his A.M.P. Assurance policies, and his executors have now cour teously given us similar permission. The final figures as at the date of death on Ootober 15 last were as follow :— Policy No. 48, effected on July 6, 1850.— Amount ' of original assurance, jE500 ; bonus addi tions, £1520 18s ; total claim, £2020 18a ? total premiums paid during ? 44 £ years, J6935 12s 3d. Policy No. 635, effected on February 28, 1856. — Amount of original assurance, £250 ; bonus additions, £476 14s j total claim, £726 143 ; total pre miums paid during 39 years, £5216s. in the musical portion of the Congrega tional Festival last week having felt great pleasure in joining in good choruses, when the whole of the four parts are well balanced ,'and having expressed a wish that ' The Messiah ' should be given at Christ mas time, the manager of the Musi cal Union, Mr J.Frost, has determined to resuscitate this old and useful society. Mr Frost will be the conductor, and the general wish has beer*, should a fair suc cess be obtained, to produce the ' Crea tion/' 'Elijah,' and 'Judas Maccabeus.' Latbobe. — The'j subject that comes readiest to the pen of *' your own' is la, grippe, which is some what prevalent here just now. ?:. It seized me (writes our corres pondent) about a week ago, and I at once became a profound pessimist.1) Never be fore did this old world of ours strike me as being so disjointed. Never before could I understand why men ask, 'Is life worth living?' I am glad to state, however, that the old world is recovering, and lite is assuming a rosier hue. After all a very great deal depends on a roan's perspective. There is an ir timate relation between one's health and * one's belief. Pessimists are dyspeptics, or ? worse. .'And' then the weather ! One might write lengthily about it, but what earthly use would that be when we cannot alter it ? Matters are growing very serious for the farmers, however, on account of the prolonged ? drought. What affects the farming com munity affects every ether community 5 bo it comes to paBS that we are all crying out for rain. We have had four bad sea sons in succession, and now_ the fifth threatens us. It will mean ruin to many, and incalculable harm to the country. Rain now would help the crops consider ably) although it is thought that it is impossible for them to recover properly. According to the predictions of the Queens land weather prophet, however, the ciops are not to have the ghost of a show this year, for we are to have no rain until the new year. But there are some local meteorologists who rule that the Queens land W(r)agge is out of it, for they predict a change of weather with the change of moon at 6 a.m. For the moon to change at that hour of the day is a certain Bign of rain they say. . Let us hope they will prove right, even through Mr Wragge's reputa tion should suffer in consequence. — The sfcaam merry-go-round has been with us, to the delight of the juvenile members of the community. Nor has the delight been con fined to the younger fry, young men and maidens, fathers and mothers, grandfathers and grandmothers ? (the giddy young things), have all been enjoying the luxury and novelty of a ride. Age has been for gotten, even class has been forgotten, pro fessions have been forgotten, and\ there has been such an intermingling of ages and classes and professions as is not usually seen. After alii at bottom, humanity has much- in comtiion. The concern was popularised by the proprietors giving two or three free rideB. Sheffield. — Our correspondent wiites on the 12th inst. : — The annual Eechabite and Friendly Societies' picni;: will be held on New Tear's Day in Mr Husband's paddock; public meeting in the evening.— Mrs Perkins, an old resident in the district, died on Tues day. She had a paralytic stroke some inontna ago, uuu dhu . uevar properly, recovered. She leaves a large family of sons and daughters, mostly grown up. r-At the WeBleyan, Church yesterday morning at 10 o'clock Miss Linda May Coleman, second daughter of Mr C. Cole man, was married to Mr William Wyllie, second son of Mr James Wyllie, cf Barring ton, by the Rev. J. W. Edwards. It was a very pretty wedding. Miss Jane Coleman was bridesmaid, and Mr Andrew Wyllie best man. Longford.— Our correspondent writes «n WoHnpnriftv ; — At, frhfi nniiAR p.nnrf, t.iiiR morning, before the Warden, John Gross (22) was brought up, and remanded till Tuesday, upon the charge of having stolen on or about August 6, 1892, one pure bred Merino lamb, the property of Mr Charles Archer, of Formosa. — As I previously men tioned, four applications were received for the position of organist at Christ Church, vice Mrs Gh H. Arthur resigned, and et a meeting of the churchwardens held yester day evening Miss Annear, of Weatbury, was appointed, and will enter upon her duties forthwith. Annivebsart at Waratah.— The anni versary services of the Wesleyan Sunday school were held in the Athenaeum Hall on Sunday last, and passed off most success fully. The Rev. J. E. T. Grreen preached in the morning, chiefly addressing the children and parents. In the afternoon the children met at the Sunday school and formed in a procession headed by the Bischoff Brass Band, marched to the hall, where the Rev. Green conducted a special children's service, and distributed the re WA*rlH 'Pftl* +.I10 rtaat. vaav* fn ?Hi£»' avaninrr the Rev. Green again occupied the pulpit. The weather was beautifully fine, and the hall was crowded in the afternoon;, and evening. The singing of the children at each service was undoubtedly the feature, of the anniversary, and together with the choir reflected the greatest credit on their conductor, Mr G. Parry. Miss A. Chap man ably officiated as organist. The collections amounted to £4 14s 4d. The secretary's report showed the strength of the school to consist of 'nine male and eight female teachers, and 87 girls and 81 boys j total, 168 scholars, being an actual increase of 40 for the year. On Monday evening the annual Sunday school entertainment was held in the Athenaeum Hall. The hall was comfort ably filled. The superintendent, Mr J. E. Stevens, occupied the chair, and delivered an appropriate address, and a carefully rendered programme was then gone through, in which the following ladies and gentlemen assisted :— Messrs Poole, Hill, Master Subrini, and Miss Coventry. The choir and the Bischoff Brass Band also took part. The usual votes of , thanks brought a pleasant evening to a close. Social at Latrobe.— At the Wesleyan Church a social was held on Monday night in connection with the Christian Endeavour, Society. The attendance (writes a corres pondent) was fairly good considering that the Steam Riding Gfallery was in full swing just across the- street. A very in teresting programme was submitted. The music of the orchestra (three violins, flute, trombone, and organ), under the tuition of Mr Ready, our local saddler, was highly appreciated. Mr H. Webster's splendid rendering of the solo ' The bridge ' was a rare treat. Soloa were also given in an exceedingly effective and' pleasant manner by Miss May Mitchell, Messrs S. Marchant and A. Fletcher. Recitations showing care in preparation, with comprehension of their scope and subject, were given by MisEes S. Hains worth, O. Hart, and Mr W. Brown. Rev. T. Alday also recited one of Carleton's delightful compositions, and gave a quaint reading entitled ' Husband Training.' An exceedingly humorous, reading from Mark Twain was also given by Mr C. Ramsay. Derby.— On Saturday night last . (writes our correspondent) a concert and social was held in the Derby Town Hall, for the benefit of the Derby rifle contingent. There was a good attendance, and much praise is due to Mrs S. Banks, Miss Kennely, Mrs Gee, and other ladies and gentlemen who so ably assisted in carrying out the pro ffnmmfi. Mr .T. IT T?rv»nfc wa.s fiViairrriftn and briefly returned thanks on behalf of the volunteers. The usual dancing and refreshments were then indulged in until five o'clock in the morning. — The weather here is very hot, and rain is much needed. —Our worthy Doctor Rockett has returned from his trip across the water, and it is sincerely to be hoped that there will be sufficient inducement for him to remain in our district. He has been of invaluable service in the past, and will be much missed if he leaves us. The doctor is also a genuine sportsman and first-class cricketer. Sperm Whale Hunt at Taylor's Bay. —A. Mercury correspondent writes to a friend in Hobarb :— ' We were all thrown, into a state of excitement on Friday even ing last, November 30. Bob was at the beach (Taylor's Bay), and saw a large sperm whale come ashore. He soon brought the news home, and we all proceeded to the beach, and sure enough there he was, a 10-turiner, in about 10ft or 12ft of water, but unfortunately we had no iron or lance, and only one charge of powder, and no means of getting anything',, and it was blowing hard from the N.W., and rather a rough sea. We launched the punt, and Bob and Hemsley tackled him, and got a rope over his tail, but unfortunately the rtiae began to now, ana arter shooting him and playing with him for about an hour, he managed to wriggle himself i^float again, but he did not leave the locality till dark. You can imagine the feeling at seeing such a prize within one's grasp, and then to lose it. I think Bob and Hemsley would have got on his back if they had any weapon. In fact, Hemsley got hold of his tail. So much for our whaling adventure.' 