Evening Entertainments. Gaiety Theatre. Tne CitBisntAs Panto jcqie. Pantomime and Christmas are so intimately assooiated in tho British mind that a Christ mas! in even subtropioal olimoB, without its pantomime would seem to be only half a true Uhristmastide. For a variety of obvious reasons Brishano oannot hope for a panto mime of the very first quality, and for some years post lias , hud to bo con tent with the best that tho littlo Goioty Theatre oould offer. In many respects the pantomimo presented; by Messrs. York and Jones last night was not behind, but rather in front, of most of its predecessors. Thoe might with advantage have been more inoidbnt in tho plot of tho pantomimo proper, and less of tho speciality element ; but, on tho other hand, there was distinctly less of the vulgar element than on almoBt any previous occasion. Nevertheless last night there was one soene in whioh the business will hoar modification, and with advantage. The book of tbo pan tomime "Red Riding -Hood" is credited to Mr. 0. F. Contte-DnvaUi. His work might, without detoriornring tho burlesque, have been considerably increased, und bo certuinly might havo found more dialogue and song for tho pnnoipal boy. The burlcsquo or panto mimo opening, begins with a prologue in whiuh tho subjeot of tho pantomime is disoussed by several churaoters. ' Mr. Harry Gilbert as the King of Fun, spoko his lines so clearly that he was hoard by tho most remote of the very large audionco whioh puoked tho theatre at inoreasod prices. So soon as his kingship had derided in favour of Red raiding Hood, tho front sceno was lifted, ana a most effective tableau of Red Riding Hood's oncounter|with the wolf, wus presented. This pretty sceno was one of the host mnnugod of the ovening. Then in quiok succession tho undionco wns introduced to Little Red Riding Hood (Miss Annotta Bodin), to hor mothor (Mr. WilliamB), to hor daft brother (Mr. John Tudor), and to Jack . Woodbine (Miss Edith Moore). After u brief Iovo passage botwoon Red Riding Hood and Jack, tho audionco wus trcuted to n highly urtietio rendering of Tito Mattel's well known song " Dear Heart," by MiBs Edith Moore. "Dear Heart" was not quite tho kind of song whioh a holiday audionco wanted ; but for all that thoy recog nised the merit of Miss Moore's singing. Tno first big hit of the night was mudo by Mr. J. Williams, who as Dame Hood, had plenty of knockabout business. He sang " Mulligan's off Aguin ' ' — an amusing composition whian had nothing to do with the nursory story in hand. After curii verso lio introduced a danoo, in imi- tution of a marionette. This wus original, clover, and funny, and the encore was tho most pronounced of tlio ovoning. Mr. J. Tudor, who worked vory hard, throughout tho night, had a lot of amusing business with a dozen little boys. In duo eourso Huron de Wolf (Mr. Frank York) mukos his appearance, with nis wolfish propensities, and tliese.aro oliiofly in amorous directions. Mr. York's great scono is in Granny's houso, whore, after ho has disposed of ! Granny,, ho is . visited by ghosts. This scene, if.ii is tb.becomo popular, will bear ton ing down. Beyond a brief colloquy with.Red" Riding Hood, a briefer encounter with Jaolc Woodbine, a very tamo abduction of Red Riding Hood to the bold bad baron's oastlo "lit Breakfast Greek," arid an. equally tamo resoue by Jack and the fairies, tho pantomime has nothing further to do with tno old nursery story. Tho Hme is ohiefly taken up with variety specialities under tho pretence of fairy revels. The dozen hoys danced a novel morris danoe, in whioh they kept very fair rime. Tho Gray sisters, who looked well as fairy queons, attempted a duct, whioh looked tune and sense, and was only redeemed by thoir danoing. Littlo Ivy Scott, who appeared ns Cupid junior, and aoted her part well, sang, "You can't believe tho Mon," und duuoed a fow stops rather prettily. Topical songs were freely introduced and for tbo mostpurt thoy were harmless enough. Mr. Frank York, Mr. George Jones, and Miss Millie Herberte were ohiefly responsible for their dolivery. Sam Keenan delivered himself of something that provoked laughter, and throw himself about in desporato fashion. Miss Josephine Bartelle postured well in a skirt danco. A clever " rotatory motion " aot was performed by Madame Viator. Tbo last speciality was a display of fanoy musketry driU — good in its way but ' it should bo curtailed by one-half— and a series of evolutions with a long Arabian rnunkot by Frank Abosaleh. These were olever but their repetition was tedious. Of tho soting there is little rise to say-. Miss Edith Moore looked well as Jaok, bat she had not enough to do ; her fine voice should certainly be heard more frequently. Hiss Bodin looked a pretty Red Riding Hood, and sang her single song with duo taste. Mr. Frank York was sufficiently blustering and loud- voiced as tlio Baron de Wolf. Mr. G. A. Jones gave a briof but clever oharaotor sketch of u olodhopper. Miss St. George, who sang "I was Dreaming" effectively, Miss Millie Herborte, Mr. H. Gilbert, Mr. F. Wyatt, and others completed a strong company. Tho dresses throughout wore surprisingly good, and refleoted muoli oredit on the wurdrobo mistress. The soenory was for the most part pretty, and the transformation scene, without being too pretentious, was oven more so. Hie harloquin- ado, bo far as it went, was deoidedly original. Tho opisodo with tho policeman and the ambulance was very funny. Mr. Tudor, as the down, Mr. Friedman, as pantaloon, and Mr. Wyatt, as policeman, all worked very hard, hut the stage hands apparently impeded their progress. Howovor, be that as it may, there wore no more than the usual first might hitches, and the large audience whioh packed tho theatre from floor to ceiling had plenty for ,their monoy and to spare. Tho pantomimo will be repeated until further notice. 