Political Spot Strokes. As Good as Gold : Home industries. A Fishy Affair : The tariff. There's one comfort : The new loader of the Oppoistion is not a babbler. Dobson is though. Worse luck ! A Cap to fit the Premier : or a Premier to fit the Cap : A sneer is not strength, Three Champions of Wind : Hartno!l, Bourkc, aud Best. All Oppositionists. Muin i the word : The Opposition goat Billy Hartuo'.l is the man that has made a mess of things at Delorainc. A Big Crushing: Report from Mt. Gomery. Champion Twigglor and Win ler : Wool nougb. Ifuckcry booming causes swear : Mt. Hoaxlev, A Bomb in the Mines : Urquhart'e select committee. Hest. the elect of Deloraine vice Cameron defeated, but not resigned, is a butcher and a lofal preacher. His voice is well pitched cither to damn sinner? or bullocks. Labor member McDonald's parliamentary motto : Many a good man has gone wrong through drink. I'll have none of it. ,The Champion Lie; The MiiBCURv'd 'special's ' report on Mt. Hoaxley. The Engineer-in-Chief gets the ' bullet .'' Not wanted. The Legislative Council passed the Un employed Relief Hill, Mr; President hiving tacked on an amendment incurred a snub from the 'other place' which was duly administered. The Treasurer has not had many ' leg ins ' on raw materials. Tasmania now stands well for protection. Ructions over the Mount Huxley award claim. Urrjuhart got the principle firmly announced by members that the labor clauses must be made effective. The per sonalities ! The pity of them. The matter of the West Strahan station master to bo enquired into. Tho Mount Lyell Railway Bill. Shades of Main Line aud V.D.L. Co.'s lines. Why can't the State float the loan and build, thus saving other companies from being charged excessive rates aud otherwise blackmailed. ruauKS to tlieir usuai neglect printers are likely to be handicapped A great many 'broad and butter lineR ' are imported from England and Victoria. The local printer will uow be in a worse position in com peting owing to 10 per cent, on printing p:ipnr. In Melbourne the factorios employ more labor than newspapers. History iu brief ; llartiiollaud Dan Huike hiivii a gang to work like niggers for Jona than II . The pub.- also did their best for the Dolisonia candidate — although heisa reputed teetotaller. Tin: local priest pushed the con glomerated mass along. Hi*.l- got in, Honest John Henry is willing to lake his affidavit ilut everything was done 's|iiaic,'' even Bung's beer pump was worked strictly on theQ. T. Even the very doors play, or have to pla.3', a part in the great political drama. On Tuesday a couple of doors bearing the words 'out you go,' ' Vote like this,' etc., were taken from their hinges and conveyed to Hob.irt from Deloraiuo, the said doors belonging to one of the leading hotels. The division in tho N.S.W. Legislative Assembly on the hanging uf Williams and Montgomery was 23 against, 07 for, aud Hi ivfraiued from giviug a vote. C.iiuei'uii is likely to seuk consolation al the Tanmr election tor the -'other place.' t' take place May, 1895. Aud ley Cootes wil Imve to go for h»R seat. Tho Mekcuuy whoops a pean of gratfi citiou that stud stock is to bo admitted free of duty. Ueciuso why ? Brother Geortre breeds pigs and cows, aud Charley puts his ' pony,' when ho has one to spare, on a horse. If paper for tho Muckebv is likewise put on tho exempt list, there will in still further rejoicing in Macquarie Btn-nl. It is pretty rich writing up stud stock as raw material. The Clipper would have thought that machinery would have supplied thohettor definition. Mr J. J. Sheridan's '' Black Dingo,' Chapter XIX, held over this week Living alone in Melbourne in-a shilling a week hovel is an aged lady, a squatters widow left with ample means, but ruined by the banks. SWIFT AND LIVINGSTON, the drapers, of lfam.yatereet. direct attention to their jmg||ptii|w winter clothing. I flfii^^£liSj?3pft%JQ zeal itor xotjr&nciiinBnfc; lir^vramLfijaldou, darries^is.i-wp*-orb- gMpa»S^ni^raitt^ttTi8 ias We^jfid fW^to^iiaB We iwqiejJDjr leaWi ^boi cabbies look on and weep. ??jDBErtiftui arrangements for the C amp- bejyEpwn,show, to bo hal4 pn Wednesl^ n^|#| (a^ertiBeJ.. * r r. ?' i ,™ H « .' ' AcoNj^EET w4U be given by the Mozart ConJ$jt Club it the Council Chambers, Grtenorohy, on Wednosday next in aid -rf St. Paul's schoolroom.. It js'jtot lawful ia Norway for a publican to employ barmaids; his wife is the only female allowed to dispense drinks. Mr. E. Harvey, late of Richmond, has taken the Hobart Hotel, Macquarie and Argyle streets, and would like to see all his friends, old and new. It is not generally known that in Hobart there is an arcade built upon the plans of Cole's faniouB book arcade in Melbourne. Mr. Wignall, tho basket maker, of Har rington-street, has gone to considerable ex pense in building a spacious arcade, where the public may promenade and view the largo stook of fancy basketware without fee of any kind. At the last general election in the United States a distinctly new party appeared in the field tjf politics, and its supporters regifiteiwl 1,000,000 votes as an inauguration of the event. It is recognised as permanent and is called the '? People's Party.' Pronouncedly Socialistic, it politically nssaults all kinds of private monopoly, and :it the same time cnilemns the present competitive system of indiiBtty. MlLliEnaE alia* Montgomery, who became fruit for the Sydney gallows-tree on 81st May, if? said to ben victim of our gaol system. As a boy he survei1 a term for pigeon stealing, and was there initiated into the school of crime by such master hands as velvet Pioti, Hilly mines wno murdered Black, and Lady Armstrong, all ' Gods ' in the class of life in which they moved. (Jbnt — ' What do you want ?' Tramp — ' Work.' Gent—' What kind of work ?' Tramp — ' Work for my jaws. I hav'nt had a full meal for a week.' At a show recently held in the Huon district three persons exhibited butter. The judges, after careful sampling, awarded the prize, One of the exhibitors, who was also a prominent official in getting up the show, and whose butter did not get first prize, exclaimed in wrathful terms, 'These judges didn't act fair.' Accordingly he put their decision on one side, and ap pointed tluco other judges. Result — the butler belonging to the official referred to was awarded the first prize. A Queensland proverb lays it down thusly :— ' Don't ttaggrr in front of a public bar, or you may soon stand behind a prison bar.'' Bananalanders evidently know a thing or two about staggerjuice. The Clipped grinned until its head nearly fell off when a speaker at the un employed meeting told the parsons that they had just come out of their silver slippers. Congregational Sharp indig nantly denied the idea of wearing silver slippers. Should imagine they would be rough on corns. It is said, however, that Parson Sharp's missus has an At Home day for Pharaoh's Fat Kino aud another for the lean. He himself is a nice sleek young man, and it grieves a right-thinking paper like The Clipper not to give him an opportunity to deny the statement. On the 17th of May hist a Miss Parry, supposed to be a recent arrival from Eng land, mysterionsly disappeared from her lodgings, Highfield Hall, Murray-street. All efforts by the police to trace the missing lady were futile, and it was generally sup posed that she had committed suicide, eon sequent upon receiving some bad news from London. From information in the possession of Mr. Pedder, the Superinten dent of Police, it would now appear that Miss Parry is very much alive and in the flesh, and more will probably be heard of the matter in a day or two. Mbs. C. McDonnell, proprietress of the Telegraph Hotel, lias secured the services of Mr. T. Harris as manager. Mr. Harris is well and favorably known in the Laboucheee, proprietor of Truth, has spent in law costs .£30,001). The Clipper was reluctant to start its bill of costs or the public would have had the information of the Mount Huxley salting a fortnight ago. About time that the libel laws were amended. About a fortnight since a burglary was perpolraled in the Deloraine district at a large old house which has had for some considerable time the reputation of being haunted. Tl e would-be robber was, how ever, disturbed during his nocturnal visit by the appearance of the lady of the house dressed in white which he mistook for the ghost. It's fortunate be did so, as had he not been scared ho cortaiuly would have felled her to the ground to have helped his escape. The next day the culprit was arrested, and the following morning, to the surprise of everybody, was sentenced by one local J.P. to six months under the Vagrancy Act. Perhaps the bench were expecting such an influx to tho watchhouse during the election that they did not wait to got any evidence of tho burglary, but despatched him at once to mal.o more room. Classical Hobart has bjeu in ccstacies iltiriiri the week, and musical dictionaries have b-jpti lant.K-lcud i-uukiug for ailjuclivug tu decorate the criticisms of the Sapio-L'KO coiicltIs. liveij thing cunncuted with I lie concerts was mi^iiilii'OiH, except, tht? atten dance, as low as £2U being the tiuaucial i-usult of ouc concert. Thu season lastoil three nights, when the gifted artisLs left for Maorilimd. Folev and Stacey nre still doing good biz. at Zoehan. The company by its selec tion of plays ahcl careful productions is meriting ami getting bumper houses. Thu concert for the unemployed. held l-'riday week, was n great success, result — 4M.'i0.' Mr. Russell Young took the hat round hit brother lawyer-sand netted I jn u handsome donation 4owaiM-( -Hie tinemiSloyecl fuurt. 