Whether Mm. Mellon, the Sydney spirit medium, makes her own spooks out of masks and muslin, of wliAtliet the spooks manufacture themselves out of " the BitVe "life" and more solid flesh of Mrs. Mel- lon'd body, is » very live question just now in the Hew South Walas capital. The sworn affidavits on the one Side and on the other are an ovidenca at least of how intimately the spirits, or their per- sonators, are mixing up in the every day life of the planet. After redding Mi'. Henry's categorical declaration of how he had surprised "Cissy's" materialised spirit by a sudden muscular hold, only to find that he had grasped Mrs. Melton's physioal body, there seamed at first view of the facts narrated nothbg for tlie medium to do but to confess her fraud and cry peceavi/ Mr. Henry was so positive. Ho had laid his plans to satisfy his sus picions. He lulled tho medium's confidence in him into a porfoct rest, took his stand in presonca of many witnesses, and at the moment when the alleged ma terialised form of the ghost walked out before tho spectators, ho sprang forwnrd and seized it, turning up tho lights. Tho results, according to Air. Hanry, wero that he found tho ghost to ho Mrs. Mellon her self, dressed in gauzy muslin, and that sho woro a black mask on her face to represent the ghust of a colored girl. Searching furtlior, ho says, behind tho curtains, he found a black beard, such as tho medium's other spirit usually delights in, with a shawl nnd other habiliinonts suitable for carrying out the fraud. Hub oven moro than this, bo found behind tiio curtain also tho shoes and stockings of the medium, who was found to bo in Iter baro foot when discovered. Such aro tho avcrmonts on the one side. Singular to say, so far from this narration covering tho modinm witii confusion, tho lady rises quite suporior to the situation and carries tho war into the enemy's camp. She admits quito frankly that Air. Henry graspad her arm when ho was making his shateli nb " Cissy's " ghost. Hero is tho technical explanation : — ' Tho moment " Afr. Henry mado the grab I fell off my " chair to my knees. Tho poople in tho " room hoard mo fall, and thought I had " fainted. When I foil I soemoil to shoot " into tho spiritual form which had boon " evident, and practically to absorb it, tho " coiitcquonco boing that Air. Henry, in- " stead of gripping the form, had hold of " my arm. I should explain that wo know " thoso forms to bo mado up of atoms and " particles from tho atmosphorc, nnd from " those in circle, coinblnod with tho Norva " Aura and the ' Lifo Ksscnco ' of tho " medium ; and if anything interferes with " the form, which is really part of tho " medium, it must necessarily hurt tho " medium, nnd will draw tho medium " into tho form. That fact has boon " demonstrated ovor and over again, " but never In my own coso until "this particular instance occurred." Wo can imagiiio that bad Afr. Gillies been one of tho audience listening' to this manner of accounting for tho mishap, ho would havo gently suggestod that it was " too thill." And did the matter rest merely between tho nfiidavils of Airs. Alollon hoiself and of Alossrs. Henry and Wallis, who played this trick on .tho spirits, tho honors of war would decidedly rest with the assailants of the ghost. But many of tho witnesses of tho littlo drama have thoir own evidonco to give. Somo of thom nllcgo that thov Baw tho ganzy drapery just ns clearly as Air. Henry did, and that they saw it gradually dissolve and sink into tho floor ; nnd in the same way the black beard which Air. Henry hold in his hand, and which be declares was snatched from him, is said to have lieon part of " Geordio's" own materialisation, and to have vanished, like tho (1 vapory, into tho original form of tho medium. At any rate, tho shawl has dis appeared, a3 well as tho heard and tho inuslin, and unless wc suppose tho presence of a number of confederates in thu cirolo, nil parties to tho fraud, Mr. lleury has to account for the evauishmont of these articles. Airs. Alcllon is qulto clover enough to seize on this point in her answering affidavit. She asks how it is that Air. Henry, who was so intent on hearing away proofs of fraud, and who had Ilia liaiuls on tho muslin, the shawl anil tho beard, has failed to retain a scrap Of these vory things which Would havo boon conclusive testimony of the trickery he was seeking to establish. Passing from tliiB mood of subdued sarcasm, the medium becomes bold and aggrcssivo. " I now, on my part, declare that when " my medical adviser permits it, I shall ho " prepared to givo, and shall, with " God's help, give proof of my well " known materialising capacity by sit- " ting after n previous searching in a " locked and scaled wire or iron cage in tho " presence of reliable and rcprescn tativo wit- " nesses, non-spiritualists included." This is excellent as a final flourish. But it is of course discounted inasmuch as it is to take place in the " swoot by and bye," when tho " medical advisor permits it." Hamlet reminds us that " by and byo is easily " said," and the sceptical will ho quite justified in remaining so, ponding the accomplishment of tho new test. In the meantime, tho eloment of char- actor caincs into this afiair, as it does into overy thing mundane. Alon of position nnd probity aro coming forward in plenty to testify to Mrs. Mellon's irrcproaclmblencss in this respect. Tho Secretary of the Alel- bourne Psychical Research Society saysBho is notod for ontiro "straightforwardness " and for tho " integrity with which she car- " lies on her mission." A medical gentleman in Sydnoy is quite positivo that he lias laid his head on tho heating heart of a real spook materialised out of Airs. Mellon's physical frame, that ho counted tho heart heats and knows thclu to have heon a man's. Others testify to having weighed Aire. Alollon as she sat oil scales whilst tho spirits wore materialising, and that from 8 st. 6 lh. site suddenly shrank in weight 3 or 4 stono. All these things would be too insignifi cant to attract more than a passing sniilo if they concerned merely Mrs. Mellon and her familiarst "Geordio" and "Cissy." But Spiritualism is now a great and world wide cult, with a large literature nil its own, and with a mass of evidence behind it which cannot bo pooh-poohed out of existence. It has had its frauds, too, acknowledged and exposed. And it has survived them. Whether Mrs. Alollon is a trickster or a true woman docs not affect Spiritualism as a science or as a religion any more than the truth of one of the orthodox creeds is concerned when one of its clerical professors falls from graco and is proved to be a scoundrel. Alaterinlisa- tionS under what aro called " test condi- "tions" are reported in the literature of Spiritualism from till quarters. But every thing depends on what aro called " test " conditions." It iB a littlo unfortunate that .tho spooks have such an invincible repugnance to tho light; and wc cannot he surprised if this weakness gives rise to some mild banter from tho unbelieving. Candor, however, compels tlia admission that it proves nothing against the possible scientific truth of the alleged faots. There are plenty Of known instances in physical scienco strictly on the samo plane. The most common of all is that though tho sky ib as much studded with Btars at midday as it is at midnight, the glare of the sun prevents the minor lights becoming visible, just as the phosphorescent growths of the hush are only apparent in the dark- ness. The photographer cannot porfeOt his negativo in anything hut a dark room, the light being fatal to that portion of his skill. We hiubb therefore he a littlo tender towards this sonaitivouosB to light in the realm of spookdom. The doctrine that tlie spirits of the dead can retuni and talk to mortals has been taught in all ages by all peoples, from the naked savage of the woods to the highest of civilisation's philosophers, lika Lord Brougham, who tells his own experiences with beings Who have loft their " footfalls " on the boundary of another worid." Tlio spiritualists of to-day difler from otlierc only in proclaiming their creed to ho » I soicnco— one that can bo studied nnd matured until it becomes a demon stration. Wonderful as 1 thoir claims aro, and intensely interesting, it is quito possiblo that the savants of the future may treat them ns wo now treat- somo of tho feats which are said to lie maturing themselves in tho brain of Air. Edison. If n spirit body can coma hack to earth, nnd weave n portion of Airs. Alellon's corporeal frame up into shawls, heard, gauzo and olhor drapery, not to montlon a pulsating heart nnd a vocal tonguo, it will bo simply regarded as ona more astounding manifestation of the many i which tho audacious hand of tlie man of scienco is wringing out of tho secret storehouses of Nature's laboratory, and nothing moro. Of course tho incrcda- J Ions will laugh ovor " materialised ghosts," I and tho credulous will fall a too f ready proy to tho sordid marvel worker. j But tho attitude of true science is to hare ' wide eyes nnd opon ears to all, combined !' with a roticont understanding that is de termined to "provo all things," and hold , fast only that which has stood " test condi- " tions" nttieh more rigorous than Airs, Mellon seems ns yet to havo submitted to. If alio will mnko good lior words, and pro- dnco lior spooks while sho herself is locked up in a wire cngo, sho will havo mado a considerable advance in proof, anil prob- I ahlv will add to tlio numbers nf liqr be : lievors. Tho ono absorbing feature of interest to the world in these so-called materialisations is that if they were demonstrated beyond question tlio im- ' mortality of man is at once removed from ' the region of speculation and debate, nnd elevated to a seiontifio truth ovon more certain and unchallengeable than the theory of his ascont from tho lower animals, which is still in its controversial stage. ' But oven if the spook should he doomed to remain in tlio mystic realm of the super natural, is Mrs. Mellon a wholly useless and unprofitable figure in socioty ? When Oscar AVilde was asked tho other day to bccomo a inombor of a club formed to ; attack superstitions, his reply was:— "But " I love suporstitions. Thoy are the color "element of thought and imagination. " They arc tlio oppononts of common sense. " Common sonso is tho enemy of romance. 1 " Tho aim of your society soems to be "dreadful. Leavo us some unreality— " somo shred of tlio poetic. Don't let us " he too oll'onsivoly sane." The Minister of Lands was well advised in going into the mallee and judging for him self of the problems which face the settlers in that region. An agitation was com menced some time ago for obtaining per mission for the mallee settler to select a given area of the land leased by him on the terms imposed upon the ordinary agricul tural selector. The only variance proposed was that, in considfcration of the peculiar character of tho area, the homestead should be 640 acres in stead of 320. There is really no reasonable objection to this demand. Before the adoption of the Mallee Act the country was available for selection on the ordinary terms. But the practical application of the mallee to agriculture was considered impos sible, and the State virtually placed it in the hands of caretakers, who were for bidden to use the land for other pur poses than pasture. The invention of the mallee roller and the stump-jump- ing plough brought the agriculturist into the mallee, and the limitations placed upon the pastoral lessee could hardly be maintained in respect to the wheat grower. The bonds were gradually loosened in various directions, but permis- sion to select a homestead with a view to ultimately acquiring the freehold has not yet been conceded. The whole area is now held under leases terminating simul taneously in a few years, and although the lessees have a well founded confidence in Parliament dealing justly and even generously with them in respect to a rcnowal of tenure, tlio in feriority of tlio present titlo as a security is folt to press severely upon all of them who desire to borrow money to make im provements. This is the immediate reason why they ask to he allowed to select 640 acros, and obtain a prospective claim to tho freehold. But the matter was presented to Mr. Best from another point of view by ono of tlio local residents. He saw nothing in the demand of the mallee farmer for the freehold of 640 acres. " I now pay 3d. an acre," he said, " for my lease, and my 1000 acres " cost me £12 10s. a year in rental. If I " get 640 acres freehold out of it I will " have to pay 1s. an acre a year, which goes " to the purchase of the title. That makes " £32 a year, and if I wish to rent the " remaining 360 acres that means another " £4 10s., making a total of £36 10s. a "year, as against £12 10.4, now. I am "quite satisfied with my tenure, and feel " certain that when the leases expire Par- " liament will gladly authorise the issue of "fresh leases." That position is not taken up for the first time. All along the men who do not require to borrow have been satisfied with the leasehold tenure, because the payments under it are small. But the settlers who have to borrow are forced to pay exorbitant rates of interest, because their title is not one on which the regular financial institutions would care to make advances. Lessees thus circumstanced would consequently have to pay less on the whole, even with the licence money of 640s. per annum added to their rent, than they pay to the usurer now, and they would have a securer tenure, so far at least as the 640 acres were concerned. There seems no reason why both classes of settlers should not be accommodated. Give the right of selection, and let its exercise be voluntary. That is the provision of law as applied to the lessee of a grazing area, and would satisfy all the mallee settlers, especially if the right of selection might be exercised at any time during the currency of the lease. In view of the unpromising prospects of the wheat market, Mr. Taverner is quite riglifc in urging the farmers to look to more profitable products. It is true that the mallee selector must grow cereals for the first few years in order to destroy the vitality of the mallee roots by burning the stubble. But ultimately the rearing of sheep or pigs must ho fallen hack upon if tlie prico of wheat continues low. Tlie unpayable character of present prices of agricultural products is regarded with consternation in overy farming country m tho world, and the farmers have to listen to somo curious suggestions for their relief. Tho organ of the free-traders here has hinted that mora of less free carriage of agricultural products by rail Would remedy the ovll by " cheapening production." It is' disposed to go a little further now and to favor a Califoriiian suggestion that the State should not only convey the produce to the seaboard, but should pay the freight to foreign ports. The objections to this plan are that Whilst it would benelib one class it would impoverish all others, and that it is unreasonable to eupposo that o community should tax itself in order to cheapen tlio food supplies of foreign nations. It docs not help tlie farmer in his present unfortunate position to beat the air with wild and impracticable schemes. 