Tiie Easter Ghost. It was a most blossomful Easter moining in the old Alabama town. Daffodils fair as those that lured Persephone to the under world shook their tiny golden goblets in the sunshine. Chinese magnolias, with their smooth, lavender coloured sides, held draughts of sweetness for the breezes to sip. Yellow jessamine dangled a thou sand golden bells from piUar or tall cedar. Cecil Lee Vert felt a delicious thrill of iov at the fullness of spring and sunshine. He had fasted strenuously all Lent, but all the austerities practised . by the youug rector of St. Lazarus could not keep down the buoyant physical strength of him. But his asceticism helped to build up in him a soul of such power that it seemed to one and another of bis con gregation that he bntthought of a needed reform in his world, and, lo, it was accomplished. On all the electric currents of spiritual force he seemed able to lay hand for good. But there was one thing he had thought over a great deal of late without bringing his hopes anywhere near an ac complishment: the Gains household could not be in terested in Church work. They paid fairly, promptly their pew rent, and lent their calla lilies whet itsked for decoration, but they were otherwise wholly care less. They were new to the town, having come to live in an immensely old house, as Alabama houses go, come to them lately by inheritance. They were charming people; Maebelle Gains was wholly so. She was to be married soon. Cecil had met her and her betrothed walking toward her home in the twilight last evening. Maebelle held a handful of white camellias, and Cecil had thought she looked just as magnificent and soulless as they. Now with the richness of the morning and the strength of a fast breaking in him he determined to make one more effort to interest these two in those matters that were more than breath of life to him. With this in view he walked up the long avenue of Magnolia Hall grounds before early services. Under a gold -powdered cedar, rich with its lustre of in finitesimal fine bloom, he saw the lovers seated. He saw that they were in animated conversation, and the words that he could but half hear were these : ' Don't you think, Maebelle, that we might have that nice young fellow, Lee Vert, to marry us instead of that superannuated fossil, Dr. ? ' ' And why, pray ? ' interrupted Maebelle's full sweet tones, ' why are we to have any minister ? '' ' Why, Maebelle, did you ever see a wedding without a minister? ' ' I have read of being married by a probate judge, or something like that.' ' But people in our position ! The newsmongers in print and out wouldn t want a better morsel ! ; ' 'You have taught me all thi3,' dechrei Mae belle; 'and you wish me now. because custom, fashion wills it, to take a bit of eclat from a thing I cannot honour.' ' You go too far,' urged Tom. Tom was only enough of an agnostic to be conformable to his clique : it had never occurred to him to cut short his pew rent or refuse an invitation to dine with a bishop. His love for Maebelle was so deep and sin cere that he was careful, until his engagement was a sure thing, not to utter to his beloved any of those airy, poison-tipped bon-mots and suave little sneer ingff that made up pretty muph of his stock-in-trade of fashionable agnosticism. Maebelle had proved tpo apt a.pupiL But if re is Lee Vert ! ' exclaimed Eskew. ' I'll ask hiin if I am not right.' '? Miss Maebslle is right,' declared Lee Vert. ' I partly guess, I partly heard, the matter of dis cussion. One ought never to shelter under a banner one cannot love and defend.' Tom Eskew looked frowningly out over the lake with its glistening ripple and its islands of lily-pads. ' Why can you not enlist with us ? ' asked Lee Vert ; ail this' coldness in the midst of generous warmth and beauty of nature, all this flippancy of doubt against his warm zeal, was well-nigh insup portable to him, '* I cannot believe so forcibly as one must to be with you, in the elements of the unseen,' said Maebelle. Tom was more annoyed than ht» conlil have be lieved possible ; he stooped and plucked one of the white hyacinths that stretched in a wide border before them like an opened scroll with its woeful ai ! ai ! written 011 tbe blithe spring-tide. ' I fiud it hard to believe,' said Lee Vert after a pause, apropos of nothing, as he reached for a sprav of jessamine, 'that these beautiful and fragrant blossoms hold a deadly poison within.' ' Unseen but potent,' murmured Tom. 'Ah, I see where you are now, Mr. Lee Vert,' laughed Maebelle ; ' and as to you, Tom, you will soon be ready to believe in our ghost !' Tom looked up quickly. ' Yes,' continued Maebelle, lightly, ' since we have moved to this house every member of the family, myself excepted, have either seen a sight or felt — a — a something — which was worse.' ' What have they seen ?' asked Tom eagerly. 'Oh, the usual thing,' laughed Maebelle; 'all white, quite couimc il faut.' ' Who saw it ? ' Tom bent towards her in his eagerness. ' ' Dignify our ghost with a personal pronoun, if you please ! ' * Who saw her? ' ' Ah, you think her at once a woman. You are right. But I will begin the story at the beginning:,' suggested Maebelle, her bright, liant face unlike enough a weird story. ' It was this way : my brother, who had not a grain of superstition nor any sort of cowardice, came home late from a University class supper a few weekB after our arrival ; it was about this time of the year. The house was all in darkness. He stepped into the library to get a package of cigarettes he had left on the mantel. No sooner had he gotten midway into the room before a great fear overcame him. In the first surge of fright he braced himself for the defensive, but in an instant he felt ashamed of his sense muscles — yet a greater terror swept over him. Every separate hair stood on his head. He felt some pervading pre sence in the room. He heard the softest, the swiftest footfall here, there, everywhere. Even in his fright he managed to strike a match. No one was to be seen.' 'Did he see nothing?' Tom's eyes were very eager. 'Nothing,' smiled Maebelle; 'but if you. still wish your soul harrowed up I can tell you cousin Margaret's story., Four nights ago baby Garland was in such a tantrum as the sweetest babies will be sometimes. Mother and myself were trying in vain to quiet him, and cousin Margaret, hearing his crying and having a marvellous power with babies, .started down the stairs to come to him. ' Half-way downstairs I heard her call very ex citedly to me, ' Maebelle ! Maebelle ! How could you frighten me so !' I heard her say. And as pale as one of these hyacinths she rushed into mother's room. ' Why, Maebelle ! you Jn here !' she ex claimed. ' ' Of course I am,' I said ; 4 1 have been in here worrying with baby this hour and more.' ' ? I saw you.' she declared, ' as distinctly as I see you now. Not your face ; that was hidden. But your figure, your own attitude, your white dress. You stood between the portieres of the music -room door, as' if you were just about to step into the hall.' ''You beckoned to me so anxiously, bo strangely ? ' ' Little Archie, who has never knowu a touch of fear, ran out immediately and looked everywhere in the drawing-room and hall. No one was to be seen. ' Mother looked startled at the story, just as Tom does now,' laughed the fair narrator ; ' and she told us that two nights before that she had seen a white hand reaching from behind that very portiere and beckoning to her. Thinking it me, for it seemed to be the hand and arm of a tall person, she hurried into the drawing-room, and, ihough in the twilight she could see every object' in tbe room distinctly,-she could discover. no one. 'Aunt Lootie threw up her black hands and lamented aloud, ' Our ghost would never leave this houfee ! ' she cried. ' Now, it is truth,' continued this unbelieving teller of ghost tales, 'that we could not get servants to stav with .us when we Came here, only old Lootie and Wash, Whowouldleave us for nothing. They said they heard strange noises even in broad daylight, and sa\v strange figures even at noon; A strange sunshine ghost ours is, Tom,' she said^ laughing at his ejLger face ; ' it will appear either night or day as it chooses. We had & small addition made to the old house, and then the servants were ready enough to hire -to us ; they said new planks would drive off the spirits. But even new plank has failed to rid us of our hauntutg woman with the beckoning hand.' ' Now I ehall tell what I myself saw,' declared Tom, 'the second time I came 'here to visit this house. It was 2 o'clock at morning, you remember, when my train brought me here from Chattanooga. I expected only Joe to be up to receive me, of course, the hour being so unearthly. What was my amazement as we drove up the avenue of magnolias, to see a tall young woman in white standing alone at the front door. There was no light in all the house. I wondered you should be up and alone at such an hour. I had the hackman stop and put me out half-way up the avenue. This he was glad to do, for his horses were' lifting their heads and snorting with suppressed excitement. His own eyes were big as saucers. Thinking the figure to be you, I said no word of it to him, of course. I walked up the avenue slowly, so oppressed was I with a sense of deep sorrow more than fear. The figure was so wind-blown, so full of indescribable grief- stricken expression, that it seemed almost a sacrilege to approach it. ' But as I came nearer, the figure floated, with all its draperies astir, across the broad gallery, down the lofty flight of steps, out into the garden. But that I did not see the face I could have sworn it was you. ' As I was about to turn to follow it I heard Joe's cheery * Hello,' and he flung wide the hall door. ' All well ? ' I a^ked. ' ' Sound as a top,' he said. ' ' Where are, where is Maebelle ? ' I asked. ' ' In bed,' said he. Somehow I couldn't say a word about the figure.' The young minister pulled' to pieces a japonica wide opened, and mingled white and red, like the rich mingling in a lover's heart of white despair at the truth of each happiness and regal hope of desire's perfect fulfilment. It seemed to him preposterous that a man who professed himself as full of doubt as Tom Eskew should con over so credulously such impossible storiep. ' Of course we have a raison -V Stre for our ghost,' explained Maebelle, l-ghtly. ' Aunt Lootie says her grandmother — who was, of course, a slave to our peiple, aB Aunt Lootie herself was in the old dayB — told her of a greatrgreat-great-aunt of mine who wis ready to laugh and to 6Coff at anything. In. the haight of her youth and beauty she was thrown from a horse and received an injury which she never re covered from. She died, according to Aunt Lootie, lamenting her stubbornness, and declaring she would, if possible, return to warn all sneerers to beware misbelief of their better?.' ' It is a sad story,' said Lee Vert. If it is true,' said Maebelle ; ' but she has not, you see, kept her word aB far as I am concerned.' ' She may yet,' sententiously from Tom. ' What has come over you, Tom queried ? Mae belle, with a puzzled smile. ' If she does or does not appear to you, it should make no difference in your belief or misbelief of great truths, Miss Maebelle,' said Lee Vert, rising as his church bells rang out cheerily. 'If I can persuade Maebelle to it ynu will marry us, will you not ?' asked Tom. ' No, answered Leo Vert ; ' I cannot give the prestige of a holy ceremony to those who despise it and my holy office.' Tom flushed hotly, but Maebelle reached out her strong young hand to grasp Lee Vert's. ' You are right,' she said ; ' and be assured I will uever let Tom ask you unless I become as you are.' All the bells of all the churches in the old town rang out most melodiously and the March sunlight grew brighter and richer, but Maebelle and Tom sat wrapped each m a new discontent. Tom couldn't help fancying that he gave more to his agnosticism than that school was like to give to him. He saw that he could never make Maebelle accord any show of deference to that great and important society, the Church, that anyhow marries and buries us, no matter how rew -school we grow. Toe uncomfortable thought of death came to him, a burial without a Eervice, and a monument bearing thereon some text of Plato. He couldn't imagine a houseful ? of children with no one to hear them say their prayers. It wa3 a most excellent arrangement to have a Being who threatened and promised, and Christian maxims to form characters for young pieces of humanity. It was nice, too, to have a wife battling with tears with one's manly doubts. Maebelle, too, was disappointed in Tom. How much nobler appeared the young minister, firm, immovable in his convictions, mistaken though they might be. Suddenly the glamour of the spring day became a very heaviness of rich gold. Suddenly the sweet ness of spring flowers, jessamine, narcissi, hyacinths, became deadly in its intensity. Suddenly Maebelle caught sight of a figure float ing toward her from the far reaches of the bowery lawn. The whole form was quivering with, it seemed, an agony of bitter sorrow. The shadowy clouds floated hither and thither, and anon wrung themselves in an ecstacy of despair. Maebelle saw, or thought she saw, what no other human beinghad seen, the face of the thing. It was a face whose expressions were as unstable as waters, yet each variant was a show of deeper misery, of tireless yet ever-changing anguish. It was a horror of fairness, of delicacy. As the form, light, grace ful, beautiful, yet a very inspiration of horror, drifted, almost, it seemed to Maebelle, near enough for her to reach out to touch the quivering hands, she sprang up from the garden seat, her own form palpitating, her own hands as full of unsteady terror as those of the floating shadow. A moment ! and, with the blackness of death all about her, she sank into her lover's arms. It was long months before Maebelle could rise from the bed where brain fever prostrated her. In the long night watches, checkered with days of suffering, she learned lessons of deeper import than those of any ghost, or wraith, or spell of springtime could teach her. It was Eastertide again when Tom, humbled of his arrogancy, yet triumphant in a new hope, asked Lee Vert to perform the ceremony at his approaching marriage. The Easter ghost of Magnolia Hall was never seen again. Its many appearances to diverse people were never explained. Whether it was reflection of sky and water and bloomful trees ; the shaking of white shadows from wind-blown boughs to meet the white glitter of the lake's long ripples and of the toss of milky fountains,' or whether the young minister (sor rowing in the midst of his lofty exultation of Easter tide at remembrances of the flippant talk of two doubters, yet ready almost to believe in shadows) printed unwittingly, in the miud he thought of, the figments of his own fancy ; or whether the coming fever of the ..brain had sent out its own feverous phantasies for forerunners ; none could say. The next jyear the old town experienced a ' boom,' as. many other old Southern townB have. The lawn about the Gains' house was cut by open ing up of new streets, the lake was drained off, lots were sold off Magnolia Grove at gilt- edged prices. The lilies, jthe forest -'magnolias, the Chinese mag- . noli as, the' yellow jessamine,, -and the most of tiie japonicas vanished before the rush of progress and rows of tenement houses. — M. Young, in Ar. 3'. Some Journal.- , 