THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XXVI. I he telegram that had summoned Lady Dunluce upon her mj iterioue journey early on that fatal November afternoon wae of the briefest, "Found. Come a* soon as you like. I wait here for your reply.—John Ooverdale, Lodo're Hotel, Keswiok."' • The reply was deoisive— ' ' I start for Keswiok by the 2.40 train to-day —Sibyl Dunluoe." Mr. Coverdale was waiting on the platform when the train arrived. The grave kindly face seemed like a welcome, and Lady Dunluoe felt cheered and sustained by his friendly greeting. He had a carriage waiting for her, looked after her maid ana her luggage, and tben took his seat beside her, and spared her all anxious agitating questions by telling his story at once, and fully. "In the first place, I have found him,"he said, "plain facts first, and details afterwards. I have found him—he is desperately ill—a ohanged man from the man- you remember at Filers]ie. You must bear that in mind, Lady Dunluoe. You have to prepare yourself for a terrible shock in seeing him after a lapse of years which have done more to alter Kim, poor fellow, than twice the number would in any ordinary .life." "Desperately ill—bo ill, so ohanged," she faltered, trying to keep back her tears. "Tell me the worst—don't be afraid to tell me. Will he know me again! Is hiB mind affeoted?" "Seriously affeoted, I fear. I would not say that reason is altogether gone, but it is no longer a sane mind. There are hallucinations, alternating with a dull apathy. The treat ment may not have been cruel—has not been aotively oruel—for there have been intervals since yesterday in which he has talked rationally, and answered all my questions about bis life at St. Jude's with perfeot clear ness and understanding—but it has been the worst possible treatment for suoh a case as his." "It has been murder,"said Sibyl between her set teeth, "slow, deliberate murder, and those people at St. Jude's have noted as hired murderers." " Mr. Carpew has been your brother-in-law*, paid agent. I think there is no doubt of his guilt in that degree. Mr. Urquhart has an extraordinary influence over him—som stronger hold than money. But it is not worth while to enter upon that question The wrong has been done, and oannot be undone. It is possible that this poor fellow might have degenerated in bodily and mental health under the happiest circumstances." " What doeB the dootor. say—no doubt you have oalled in a dootor T" "The man of highest repute in the neigh bourhood. He considers the case one of epilepsy pure and simple—epilepsy in that severe form in whioh the frequent attaoks tend towards lunaoy, and too often result in lunacy. He does not think the patient likely to belong lived." " Long lived, a life of misery 1 Ob. God ! to think of what he was when I knew him I Oh, if you could have seen him then, Mr. Coyor dale—young, handsome, a king among men. His mind so highly oultivated—knowing and loving all the books I loved. So full of enthu siasm—telling us of adventures that showed suoh courage and ready wit—unconsciously, for he was tbe last of men to boast of what ne had done. And now you tell me that he is a wreok—a wreck in mind ana body, a creature to be pitied. To hear you apeak of him juBt now as ' this poor fellow.'" She burst into tears, oruehed and humiliated, as if Brandon Mountford's humiliation bowed her proud head to the dust. "Fray, bear with me," she said, as John Coverdale murmured some kindly consoling words, hardly knowing what he said, his heart aching for her as it had never ached before for & woman in sorrow. "Think what it is for me to have loved bim as I did love him—theBe lips told him so a few hours before Marie Arnold's death—and to find him thus. Bear with me Mr. Ooverdale. You are a good man, my true, kind friend, the only friend I oaix look to now." John Coverdale was silent, not daring to trust himself to speech in answer to that declaration of friendship. For him, too, as for Sibyl Dunlnce, life seemed a hard riddle to read juBt now." " How.did you find him?" Bhe asked, after a pause. They were driving along the road by the lake through the drizzling rain. An expanse of dark grey water etretohed in front ef them, with mountains on either side, and wintry gloom brooding over mountain and lake. "It was not easy, bat still it only required ?atience and the following np of every olue, have had to hunt for people in the East-End, and I have found out that there is only one way of doing it. I had the Keswiok police to help me—two men who know the neigh' bourhood for a good many miles round, and with their help I soon disoovered traces of him. A mysterious arrival of an invalid gentleman in . a lonely farmhonse on the farther side of Buttermere had been heard of at an inn in the neighbourhood—an inp need by exoursionista in summer, but almost deserted at this time of tbe year. We found, the man who drove them there. Not one of the flymen who ordinarily meet the trains, but a man from a livery yard engaged by a telegram overnight. Had one of the station flies been'employed we should hav4 made our discovery much sooner, for naturally my first enquiries were among those men." " What kind of a place—what kind of people!"asked Sibyl, "A decent farmhouse; very lonely, a place to bide.in; deoent kindly people, anxious tq - do their utmost for their charge, I believe. He had been sent to them by Mr. Garpew, whom they had known years ago, when they had a farm near St. Jude's—a farm on you* father's estate. They knew nothing ot the man who brought him, had never seen him before to their knowledge, butt they, knew Mr, Oarpew and were willing to oblige him. They were to be paid for the gentleman's board and lodging and for a man to look after him, and ail that was wanted was seolusion and secreoy. The poor gentleman had relatives who wanted to put him in a lunatio aBylnm, and who would perhaps make out a case of lunaoy against him if they oould get hold of him, though he was by no means a lunatio. Mrs. Hollis, the farmer's wife, seems a kindly soul, and her sympathies were aroused by this story." "Thank God, he .has not fallen among thieves, so far as these people are oonoerned. Are you taking me to him sow?" " I am taking yon to the hotel where I have engaged rooms for you. I hope you will rest quietly for to night, and to-morrow morning wo will start for the farm as early as yon like." "Why should I wait till to-morowt I am longing to see him, to know the worst about him. You tell me he is ill—a broken man. Your manner implies that be is very ill. He may die before to-morrow morning, and then I shall go down to my grava without having seen the wreck which I helped to make." "Lady Dunluoe yon must not look at this story in that light. - No one oan tnll how much or how little inSuenoe surrounding cir cumstances may have had upon him. It is possible that he was doomed to suffer as be has done—that in the brightest surroundings his fate won Id have been the same. And if he committed the crime for which ho was arrested" "No, no, noj He did not commit that crime. Don't speak of it. I am angry at tbe thought of my own folly—the web of lies in which I was Caught. Let ne go to the farm at onoe. We oan stop at the hotel just to get rid of Ferriby and the luggage, and then drive on." " Not on a dark night like this, Lady Dun Ince." The distanoe is too long. The drive would not be without danger, and you would see the patient at his worst, startled by snob a late arrival." " I want to see him at his worst. 1 want to know all he has suffered in these long, dreary years." "But think what the shook might be for him. He must be prepared for seeing you." "Is he not prepared already? Have you told him nothing of my anxiety about his fate —my bitter grief for his sufferings?" "Yes, I have spoken of you, but perhaps not enough. Be assured it will be better for you and for him that you should defer the meeting till to-morrow." " You have been so good to me that I can not di«obey you," Sibyl answered, with a sigh. " What is the name of the hotel where I am to stop?" she asked. "The Lodore. I thought you would like to be by the lake, and away from the town." "Yes. I gave tliem no address when I was leaving. I was afraid Duuluce might follow [ me, and interfere in some manner. I must go back to-morrow afternoon, when we have decided what is to be done." "Has Mr. Mountfordno near relations? Is he quite alone in the world ?" "<juite alone. He has no relation nearer than my uncle. Lord Allandale, and tbey are only second cousins, a relationship which doos not count for much in a large family like my grandfather's. I was interested in him tor another reason over and above relationship. His father loved my mother—hopelessly— loved her after he was hound to another. His son told me the story of that sad, hopeless love. Oh, Mr. Coverdale, forgive me," she said, startled by a stifled sob from the man sitting by her side; ''pray forgive me if I have touched upon some sad story of your own, some past experience" "No, no; it was nothing," he said, hastily. "That kind of story—the idea of a hopeless love, a hopeless grief, manfully battled with— is always pathetic. You remember Warring ton's etory, a mere episode in 'Pendennis.' It moves one more than all the rest of the book, doesn't it ? Ah, here we are at the Lodore ; and now I shall leave you to get all the rest you can till next morning." The carriage stopped in front of the hotel; Lady Dunluce's maid alighted, the porter took the luggage, lights shone brightly m the hall within with all the stir and bustle of an impor tant arrival. Head waiter and bead ohamoer maid were in eaeer attendance to show the way to her ladyship's rooms. A titled visitor m that dead season of the year was worthy of the utmost homatre. " I am staying at the Keswick Hotel," Mr. Coverdalesaid as he bade good-night; "but I will be with yon as early as you like to morrow with a carriage and a good pair of borrer. Yon had better bring your 'maid. The journey will be long and tiring; and if we should have a hopelessly wet day"— "I am not afraid of bad weather. Would & o'clock be too early for you to be here?" "Not too early for me. If I can get the livery people to be astir early I will be with ! you at 8. Only I beg that you will try to rest ' to-night. They have given you rooms looking towards the lake, axid t hope the sound of the waterfall will be only loud enough to serve as m slumber-song." "Do not think of me. You have taken worlds of trouble. I don't know how I shall ever thank you." " Don't thank me. I have to take much more trouble at the East End for duty's sake. It will be my most cherished memory that you looked to me for help in your anxieties. Good night." He did not even stop to shake hands with her, but left her wi'h a stiff bow, which seemed curiously at variance with the suppressed emotion* in the tones of hie voice, tie went back to the oarriage through the rain, and she heard him drive away, leaving her with the long evening before her in a strange hotel. A two hours' drive in the dear morning air brought Lady Dunluoa and her companion to a solitary farmhouse hidden amongst the. hills, a spot more lonely than even St. Jude's vicarage; but this rnstic homestead, with its group of barns sod stable-yard in the back ground, and its little garden, where autumn Sowers still lingered, bad a more cheerful aspect than the straggling stone house at ' St. Jade's, with its walled garden and gloomy , firs. Brandon Mountfard! Yes, this was Brandon Mountford; this tall wasted^ figure; this hollow-eyed countenance, with downward melancholy lines about the mouth, and the nervous contraction of the brow, and the wasted bands that lay in hopeless inaction on the arms of the ohair. Sibyl Dnnluae stood gazing at him in awe atrickeasilenoe, almost as she might have looked upon a ghost. She Would find no words to say to him, words of pity or affeotidn; speech :en. Vain" seemed frozen. Vainly had Mr. Ooverdale sought to prepare her for the shook. The anguish of the epeotacle was not lessened by anything that he had told her. The silence lasted for minutes. John Oover dale beard the old clock in the passage ticking solemnly on, as if it were dealing out a long day, or a long life time, so hopeless seemed the duration of that agony; the woman standing statue-like,'white u marble; the man sitting with eyes that gated idly nut beyond the open .window, aorose the little garden, where the asters and marigolds made a bank of gaudy oolonr, to the grey dimness of great ragged hills. The November morning was still and bright, and the air in the shelter of the hills had a' summer-like softness. At last, over the blank melanoholy of tbat aged and altered faoe there crept a slow vague smile, and Brandon Mountford lifted his eyes [ towards Sibyl. "I knew that you would come," he said I slowly. "Iknewthatyouwouldundemtandmy message—though I have almoBb lost the triok I of writing." "Brandon, you know me, yon know me," she oried, sinking on her knees by bis chair, clasping one of those long wasted hands, | deadly oold to her touoh, " Know you—yes, of oourse." " Ton have been crueilv treated, but that is all over now. All that this world can give of happiness shall be yours. It shall be my oars —the object of my life to atone." I "No, no, there has been ne cruelty. It was my doom—the ourae laid upon me. What could they do but bide me—hide me from my fellow men—a wretch—a murderer! I have suffered, but I have had my dreams—dreams of that wild country where I was so happy centuries ago—centuries of. weariness and pain. The black faces came baok to me in dreams—the river—the forest. And I have dreamt that you and I were wandering there —yon and I sitting together by the camp fire. I have seen your faoe in the red light, and then the fire has changed to the fire of bell, and I have suffered like a soul in everlasting agony. I have suffered for my crime." In broken eentenoeet with piteous entreaty, she protested against his self- denunciation. "It it a flream," she ssid, "a horrible dream. You had nothing to do with poor Marie's death—except the misfortune to be the first to find her. You have been the viotimof a cruel conspiracy—a plot to hide array an ionooent man in order to prevent bus pioion falling on the real murderer." He looked at her curiously, as if lapsing into areverie in whioh her words hardly reaobed him—looked at her wonderingly, as if her faoe were strange to him. And then hiB eyes wan dered away from that earnest, eager faoe to the gaudy autumn flowers and the great grave bills veiled in thin white mist. Alas, it was hut too evident that the shadows whieh clouded his reason only cleared away now and again for a brief space as the autumn haze p&rtedand; patohesof the hillside showed clear and bright through a rift in the veil. " It is not wise to talk to him of that dread ful event," said Mr. Coverdale. "What we have to oonsider is what is best to be done for him. The doctor will be here at 12 o'clock. You may be glad to hear his opinion from his own lips." " Yes. I should like to hear what he thinks. But ought we not to have a specialist? We might telegraph to Edinburgh." "There will be time for that by and by. Will vou come into the garden with me" " What, leave him alone?" "He has been acoustomed to sitting alone. The woman of the house is within oall. I should like to have a quiet talk with you out yonder." Sibyl did not answer him, scarcely heard him perhaps. She was looking at Brandon Mountford in agonized contemplation. What over there had been of intellect or of power in his faoe a few minutes ago had vanished from it like a light extinguished behind a trans parent pioture—leaving the pioture dull and meaningless. Weakness, physioal and mental, hopeless despondency, were all that oould be read,in that faoe now, a oountenanoe of siokly pallor, every faoial muscle relaxed, dull misery expressed in every languid line. This was what solitude and silence, the slow decay of monotonous yoars, had done for Brandon Mountford. If Sybil Dunluce oould have looked baok along that dark line of years—if some magio mirror oould have shown her pioturea of the past, what would she have seen? First a strong man caught in a trap, fighting w:th his captors for release into the tree air of heaven, then suddenly subjugated and ren dered powerless, not by their violenoe or their persuasion, but by the fell disease whioh the horrors and agitations of his life had intensi fied, ' whioh set its demoniao grip upon body and brain with a force never felt till then. She would have seen one attack following unon another, with brief intervals of languor and exhaustion, till strength was sapped and intellect weakened—weakened but not anni hilated. She would have seen a brave man submissive as a child to a bond which he oonld have broken had he no willed — submissive because hopeless and despairing. Be was told that hea was a murderer,that a warrant was out against him, that to escape from that dull prison house, that life of hideous hopeless monotony would be to run tnto the noose of the law, to doom himself it might be to the gallows, or at best to the imprisonment of a State mad- house, a felon among other felons, alunatio among other lunatios. Sbewould have seen him, as his brain weakened, and the power of logioal argument and even of consecu tive thought gradually diminished—ebe would have Been him fooled by the hope of release. He should be got away later, when the ooast was olear—should be got on board a steamer and draftod away to that dark oontinent of which he dreamt so often, where liberty and life were waiting for him among the dark faces under the tropical snn. Fooled on from day to day, and month to month, and year to year, with that reiterated "bv-and-by," she would have seen him gradually losing aount of days and months and years till time was one long blank, and hia life koew no change eave the change from beat to cold, and back to heat aga<n—from sunshine ponring in at his open windows to the early darknesB of endlnsB winter nights — from the dark, iron blank where the Greligbt had leaped and sparkled so merrily to the welcome Greglow ooming back again to Gil the dull blaok void. Ho changes save the rain whipping the window panes—the wind howling over the distant sea, or whistling close at hand in the chimney. There was thunder sometimes—thunder peals that shook the bouse, and made him wish that the roof would oraak and the walla orumhle and bnry him among dust and ruin, and so make an end of this dull blankspsoe and time which seemed to be endless—inGnite space— infinite time. Be repeated the words some times as if they had been a formula, " Who disputes that either is inGnite? I have proved them both," be said; for not only did time seem endless, immeasurable, but in his freqnent periods of hatlnoination spaoe also seemed withont limit, and "his weary spirit wandered aghast in worlds that know neither change nor boundary, neither night nor day— dim grevness, peopled by silent ghosts—an endless labyrinth, or a widestretoh of barren sand leading to a horizon that was always the same, and vet for ever receding. The com monest dreamer in a dream of a minute can invent and people a plaoe unknown to his waking intelligence, but in the diseased brain thatdreaming power, inoroased a hundred fold, becomes a source of nnspeakable suffering, a well -soring of horror. And what of his more rational hours; those looser intervals between one attack and another when there was time for the brain to regain something of its lost equilibrium! Alas I those hours of reason and remem brance were the worst of all, or in those he believed himself Marie Arnold's murderer, recalled the image of the corpse in the wood, brooded over the cruelty of such.an end to that bright young life, and the shame and disgrace of the crime—diegraoe reflecting upon all who were of his blood, a blot upon a stain less pedigree. " Better that I should rot in this seclusion," he told himself in those waking hours, " than that I should go out into the world to set men talking of my crime. Tet if it were possible —if I could get dear of England without scandal—could get back to the Zambesi and my faithful Kaffir boys, tbey would hardly think worse of me for that story of bloodshed. They would only pity me as the victim of witchcraft. And in suoh an interval, when hie Janitor came to him with the meal which only Mr. Oarpew or his wife ever served to the myste rious " boarder," Brandon Mountford would urge the fulfilment of that reiterated promiBei. Surely -the time had come when he might go away. Whatever watoh had been kept upon the house must have ceased long ago. He had lost all count of time, but he brew that it must be long—and be looked down at his clothes, which had beeif replaced by ready made garments more than onoe since he came there, and which yet were threadbare and worn at the edges. He looked at his wasted, almost transparent hands, where the musolet had baei^so firm and the flesh so hard and brown in those old days bv the ealmon river. Yes, it was long, very long. Suspioion, watch fulness. must have been worn out long ue.. Why oould he not get away ? The vioar had various exouses. The danger was not over. His lodger was a marked man. Any movements in that lonely spot would exoite ouriosity. And then there was the ques tion of money. It wonld oost a good deal of money to get him out of England—to pay his passage to the "Caps. " And you wouldn't like to land there pen niless," said the vioar. Penniless, yes—penniless under those stars. He would not fear. Besides, he had 'friends in London—friends who would gladly help him—men to whom money was of no aooount —if he could remember their names, or where to find them. " Ah, there was the agony 1 He oould not remember. Names, localities, even the faces of the oast were lost in vagueness and shadow. Faces haunted him—faoes appeared to him—rooms in which he seemed to have lived—gerdenB whose every tree and shrub seemed familiar—bub he oould not distinguish memories from dreams—the things whioh had been, and were real even to day, from the things that his fanoy in vented. If Sibyl oould have known how through the clouds that darkened over mind and memory one image bad shone ont olearly, unchanged and unforgotten, and that image hers; if she oould have heard bis appeal to his gaoler, repeated day after day. "Let me see her. Has she had my letter! Have yon Bent a mes senger to Ellerslie, as yon said you would 7" and how, day after day, he was put off with exouses and postponements. She was abroad —in the South of Franoe—an assertion that had been justified hy her aotual absence in several winters—but the same story had been told him when she was at Dunlnoe OaBtle. To-morrow and to-morrow. There had always been the same promise that his desire should be realized by-and-by, and as the brain weakened he had grown to believe in that by-and-by, and to wait and watch for her coming. He had written many suoh sorawls as the one whioh reaohed her hands ; but on t^at last oooa«ion he bad been fortunate in bis messenger. a wretched Jaok-of- all-trades who lived in a hovel at St. Jude's, and did odd jobs of work" for the farmers. The key had been left in the look of the garden door for once in a way, and Brandon, who was allowed to walk alone in this joyless enclosure, had opened the door unobserved and gone out into the lane. He had no idea of escape now, having been told that esoape waa hopeless—he was too weak and helpless even to ooutemplate any act requiring prompt decision or sustained exertion. He only wanted to see Sibyl— to find some messenger who would carry his appeal. The (Tardea door opened on the heath, bub he eonld hear the eoandof a pick on the road a little way off, and could see a bent figure breaking stones. It was she Jaok-of-all-trades doing a spell of parish work, and to him Brandon Mountford entrusted bis message—a eorap of paper hastily written upon as he stood on the wind-blown road. Ho entreated the man to find Lady Don luce—to put that bit of paper into her hand —her hand, and no ether. He offered his watoh as payment in advance for this service, but the man would not take it. The rough peasant wae tonohed with awe and pity at eight of that speotral face, and was too h uest to aooept so valuable a gift. Half witted himself, he may have had some instinctive Bympatby with Brandon's olouded mind. He promised that the letter should reach Lady Dunluoe, whatever trouble it might cost him to find her, and he kept his word with a dogged faithfulness that would have done honour to the strongest intellect. And thuB by the aooident of a key left in a lock—by one aot of forgetfulneBs on Mr. Oarpew's part—Brandon Mountford had been released from a living grave. " Have yon made any plan for his future ?" John Coverdale asked, as he and Lady Dunluoe walked up and Sown beside the pivet hedge which divided the little garden from the road, "I thought if we oould take him to Ellerslie be might be happy there. He oould have good servants. I _ oould rely upon Mrs. Morrison's care of him" " Not to be thought of for a moment!" said Mr. Oaverdale decisively. " In the first place Ellerslie would recall the tragedy which changed the current of his life; the effect upon his mind might be disastrous." "True. I forgot that. I have lived down the horror of these associations myself, and I forget. Yes ; you are right." " Ellerslie would never dot Remember the warrant against him. Wretched wreck as he . is, he might be nut through alt the torture of a Magistrate's enquiry—might be indioted for murder, and have to stand his trial—the result a State madhouse. Ellerslie . would not do." "No, no; the risk would bp too great. 1 Then what do you adviset "Leave him where he.is for the present ; | perhaps till the spring. I have made enquiries about these people, and they bear an excellent character in the neighbourhood—the man a . hard-working tenant farmer, whose father and grandfather worked on the land before him ; the woman honest and God-fearing. Their oonneetion with Mr. Oarpt-w is simpleenongh. He was curate as the nearest parish Churoh for a year before Lord Dunluce gave htm the living of St, Jude's, and during that year be became very friendly with the farmer and his wife. 'They are kindly people. Mr, Mountford will be perfectly safe under this roof till we oan think of some thing better." " But what if the men who brought him here should remove him eomewhere else,and we ahoul^ loee eight of him again J" "I don't think that will be attempted. In the first plaoe we must enRage a trustworthy attendant, aoouatomed to moh oases, who must be responsible to us for his safety, with a man under him to relieve guard. I shall go straight from here to Ut.-Judo's, and after I have talked with Mr. Oarpew I don't think there will be any further attempt to interfere with this poor gentleman's liberty. The Vicar of St. Jude's will see the peril of his oonduot in this business when I put it before him as I mean to do." ■ " You may frighten him, but he is only the tool of another and a wickeder man—a man who will not hesitate at a orime." And then Sibyl urged the necessity of re moving Brandon Mountford out .of the power and beyond the knowledge of the man who had hidden him from his (ellow- men in order to sustain the suspicion—the almost oertunty —of his identity with the murderer of Marie Arnold. "So long as everybody at Ardliston believed that Brandon was the murderer no one took the. trouble to look anywhere else for the criminal," said Sibyl. "That must have been the end and aim of his imprisonment. To leave him in the power of his enemies would be madness; and how oan we be sure of his safety so long as Hubert TTrqubart knows whereto find him." "Mr. ITrquhart is your husband's brother. It seems a hard thing to suppose him suoh an unmitigated sooundrel." "Ask my husband for his brother's oharaoter if vou doubt mv estimate of him." "But surely'he would not euspsot hit bro ther of murder ?" "Perhaps not, but he would tell you heis vile enough to make any suspicion justifiable where he is oonoerned. Dear Mr. Coverdalet there is only one thing.to be done. We must get Brandon Mountford out.of this man's custody and into our own. Iiet us run all risks as to that warrant of ten years ago and take him to Ellerslie, He will be safe there with my housekeeper and my father's trusted seoretary, Andrew Orlebar, a man who knows the whole story, and who would go through fire and water to help me." "You oannot take him to Ellerslie, to the soeneof the murder, without aronsingonriosity among your neighbours. However few they are, there are enough of them to talk and to revive the old etory and the old suspicions. If a few days henee he were to be arrested you would be sorry" . "Yes, yes. You are right. It might be dangerous. Ob, Mr. Ooverdale, what are we to do? We Beem hemmed round with difficulties. Here is a life—a poor ruined life—which has been given back to me as if out of the grave. Am I to jeopardize it—lose it again ? Think, think what can be done. Something must be done to save him from the villain who plotted against him, who made me his accomplice in my blind folly." There was a silence, a silenoe that seemed interminable to Sibyl's anxiety, as John Ooverdale walked slowly up and down the shingly path by ber side. She conld see that he was thinking profoundly, and would not interrupt his cogitations by a word. Her patience was rewarded presently. He had thought out a plan which he submitted to her briefly. " My father has a shooting-box in Argyll, shire. He was there with some friends in AuguBt and September, but the plaoeis de serted now except for a keeper with bis wife and a few shooting dogs. I will telegraph to the hospital at Carlisle for an attendant, wait here till he oomes, and when he oomes start at ones for Sootland with Mr. Mountford, if he will trust himself to me. I oan instal him in my father's cottage in the care of the keeper and his wife, who are old servants, and will implicitly obey mr ordere." "There oould bo no better plan if Lord Workington will lend you hie cortege." No difficulty about that. A telegram will settle the business. I must wait here till the attendant can arrive from Oarlisle. You oan return to the Castle this afternoon, diapatoh ing my telegrams from the nearest office on your way book." " But to leave you here—to take so much of yonrtime." " lion b mind that. l was to nave Deen in London to morrow afternoon ; but one of my messages will be to the friend who is taking my duty, asking him to give me one more Sun day. By Monday or Tue- day I hope to have established your poor friend at the Hut, and from there I shall go straight to London. Yon may believe that I shall not abandon him till I am assured of his safety." " I believe in your wisdom and goodaeBs as I believe in Heaven. I oan never thank you enough for what you are doing. He will thank you perhaps some day—better than I oan—if the steady light of reason ever oomes book—thank you for life eared, reason restored." And then ehe gave him a oheqne for a hun dred pounds which she bad written beford leaving the hotel for travelling and other ex penses. She begged him to be lavish—to use the power of gold to the utmost. She would send further oheques as they were needed. He smiled his grave sad smile at her eager ness. " It would be an impertinence on my part to refuse to let you pay any charges I may incur on your kinsman's account," he said, "but there will not be muoh money wanted. And now may I send for your carriage and your maid f You must be anxious to be on your way home again. I oan write the telegrams while the carriage ib being brought round." "Yes,there is no time to lose. You will tell the bouse surgeon at Carlisle that the attendant ib wanted for a friend of Lord Dun luce. Mvhusband isasupportarof the hospital. The authorities will do their utmost to oblige hire. But Tain to see the dootor," she said looking at ber watoh. " It ib past 12, and he was to be here at 12. I must wait to bear what he says about the journey,to Sootland. And I may see Mr, Mountford onoe more be fore I go. mav' I not?" " Certainly, if yon like." . Sibyl went alone to ibe parlour where Brandon Mouniford waa sitting by the fire, while the farmer's wife, a kindly looking woman, waa laying the table for a meat " The gentleman baa a very , poor appetite, ate explained,' ae aha oat atrip* of tout. to aooompany a baain of broth. "It's difficult to get him to take hit nourishment. He'* thin - nothing bat akin and bone*, poor aonL " Poor aoul. Pity, the pity for a wreok of humanity —that waa Brandon Monntford'a portion now. He looked ap with a sadden flash and a brightening of the haggard eye*. - > " Ah," he cried, aa if seeing Sibyl for. the fir»t time, my messenger found yon. Ob, my beloved, how I have waited and watched for yon" _ He sttigtahed oat hii wasted handa to her in paeaid»te greeting. He had no memory of half an hour ago, when he had greeted her with almost the same words. The eridenoe of a decayed intellect out her to the quick. , The doctor oame into the room at this moment—a young man. bat seriooi and intelligent, and seemingly interested in hi* He looked at hia patient, let by hia aide for about tan minutsa, questioning and observing him; and then want out into the garden with Lady Dunluoa. - " Be frank with me,"ahe entreated; " It ia a very bad case, ia it not V " Yes, it is » bad case." "Incurable!" "On* hardly like* to call any disease in curable nowadays. Medical acienoe has taken to working miracles. Surgeons we ontting epilepsy out of the brain as they out canoer out of the body." _ • i, ' "Ana mtb asmuon or m nonesuccess: "With the same possibility of success and the isms hazard -of failure, perhaps." " He ought to be seen by a specialist—* man who has made epilepsy theetndy of bil life!" "Yes.itwouldbe well, hy-and-by. for the latisfaotibn of bis friends, that this poor gentleman should have the benefit of the highest opinion. - Bnt there will be time enough for that when hie bodily strength is restored, if it can be restored, by care and good noising." "You find him weak—seriously,danger ously ill?" "Hot dangerously ill, but in a very low and feeble condition; in a state whioh would make any illness dangerous—a chill, a fever, an attack of bronohitis. He would have no resisting power." " He has been cruelly treated, kept in worse sealnsiop than if he bad been in a madhouse —solitude, silence, doll rooms, no change of air and scene." " All very bad, no donbt, in anoh a oase as his." " And now it is proposed to take him along journey—to Argyleahire. Oan he bear such a journey1" "Certainly,as travelling is managed nowa days. He -might be taken at night in a sleepinp-oarriage, with the greatest oare, and with some one in attendence to administer sthnnlsnts. There need be no risk in anoh a journey weak as he is if the drive from here to Keswiok Station is not made too, fatiguing." " Oare shall be taken—the utmost care. We are sending to Carlisle for a nurse, bnt if yon could spare the time to go with him to super intend the journey your fee should be any thing yon like to name. In a case of this kind there oan be no question as to expense." " Yon are very good. If he were to travel at night I think I might spare the time from my other patients; and my fee should not be exorbitant. Sly practice is not a very remu nerative one, and T have no pressing case just now whioh would make my absence hazardous. I need not be away mors than eighteen hours if we travel by the night mail." " Everything shall be arranged to suit your convenience. Your presence will be a com fort to me and Mr. Ooverdale, who is taking my poor oonsin to Scotland. And you will see the attendant and- give him full instructions as to treatment," continued Sibyl. "I will do everything that thought or ex perienoe oon suggest." " Then my mmd will be at ease about him. Please write to me immediately after yonr retnrn. and I abatl have the pleasure of send ing yon a cheque." The doctor smiled, for he did not lmow even the name of this beautifnl woman, whoso earnestness and evident affection for that ruined life impressed him deeply. He asked no questions, for he knew enough ahont Lord Workington's son to know that he had to do with people of good position. The oar rinse was smiting at the little gate whioh shut off the garden from the rough aooommodation lane that made the only approach to the homestead. Her lady ship's maid was there, i nd there were wrapa and rags enough in thB open carriage for a journey to Petnrshurgh. Onoe again Lsdy Dnnlooe went book to the farmhouse parlour, and. alone with Brandon Mountford this time, bent oyer hie chair and pressed her lips to his won forehead. Oh. God ! the memory of that first kiss in the garden at Ellerslie before the coming of sorrow. TMb was the second — and it might he the last. Who oonld tell ? He sras vanishine from her sight ones more. Who could tell if life .would ever bring them faoe to face ngainl "Life is so fnl] of sad surprises," she thought, as she drore away from that quiet hollow in the hills, remembering the snaden trouble of ten years qen, and in no wise fore shadowing that terrible surprise which was waiting for her within the hour. 