LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Tao town promises to be the soene of muooh aotivisty this afternoon, on the occasion of the visit of his Excellenoy the Governor and party in oanneotion with the presentation of the Royal Humane Booiety'a medals for bravery during the flood of last year. A large number of the townspeople are expected to turn out to witnese, if not so take part in, the festivities, and the vice regal party aresure to receive one of the heartiest receptiona ever extended to them in any town in the colooy. The Mayor (Alderman IH. E. Wymen) has been pnr. ticularly busy during the past few days 'n getting the arrangements oompleted in a manner which should leave nothing to be deemred. Tho Mayor has very oonurtsously informed us that in connection with the evening's proceedings fanoook's Band have kindly voloounteered their servioes to to submit seleotione at intervals, and their porformaoae should tend to greatly add to the iterest of the gatooring. It should soaroely be necessary for os to state that the Governor "'ill arrive in Ipawich by special train at half past 2 o'clock, and will st ones orooeed to Blaokwall to view the oene of the flod. In a boeiness notiee elsewhere toe public of the town are c rrdia!ly invited to be present at the presentation in the School of Arts in the evenog.. The epecisal train conveoiog his Excrllency will leave for Brisbane at 8550. "Tao Power at the Wheels,'r to.morrow night, by Rev. T. JONEs, North Ipswioh. lornine Subject: *' The Death of Sanl" -[ADVT.] 686 Io connection with the charge of being on the premises of George 8park for so alleged nnlawftl purpose, which was brought by Aiole Speark against James Riohards, and whioh was heard at the local Courthouse on Monday laste, and in which the Police Magis rate raesrved his decision t:ll some future ecoel 0n, the partie', with Mr. W. H, mwmervlle (solicitor for the defendant), .teoded at the Ciurt on Ihursdey morninf lastr. to hbar the lderoiston of the Bench. The Po'oe Mapgietrate stated that the ciae would be di mis~ed, and that Mrs. Spark, who laid the irformation, would he ordered to pay £1 Il. prefesaonnal oests end £1 witnesses' ex. pertes, to he paid withia seven dayse ; in dofeut, fourtic dayc' imprisonment,. Tae R-v. B. T. Ros,:zno s M.A., the d,.pncc ion of trb? British and Porvigu Bible roo ty, will preach to morrow m ronig, st II .m., lu the Congregational Chuch, on " Rtv,.a'.lon-Whnt cand "ow ?' in th. P'.ehyreriacn Church, ;t 7 p.m., on "Some iindralr o s tit BiblE-lita,!irg ;" also address tho pob'iu meetilng St. P.ul'e school-room, Mny v'e?uiv(eg, on "I?nterstiog Inoidents .I Trcelation " :: i at Welshb Churoh, Black. louon, Tone-day, at 7"30 p m., on ' Bible *',co:o's Geography."--[Ao?T.J 1035 IN our busineseo coounoa bre morning it will s ree, that a meaitog cill be held at the Q: -.ns?old He?el. North IoIrcih., on Monday ev.,iseI cryt, for the lpurpose of formoine a urudicete t- provese for ungagiog in miniolng op raieuns on. thi COoinaldie golfi·614. Any p renous depirrns of jr.miig are invited to hbe Iresa at. The 61d is :rew exoitiog gonervl iter-e., ond the prolmjorr of the proposed cyodioate are anriols to er: a large attendance a. M~oday'a meating, to Shat praotiodi steps may b- trken oweros e;r:rying out the iotrn tron of the initiators. YBTRIOATn was the last day of the quartesr for Mrs. Morrisone's dancing and oalisthesnic olss. Accoordingly a largenomberof relatives and friends of the prinoipl and pupils attended at the Building ooeltty's Hall, where the members of the laess went through a short programme of dances and other exercises whiob save ample proof of their profioieonoy, and re. fleoted tie highest oredit on the abilityof their teaobher, Madame Thiodon. There are thirty. eight pupils, many of whom only begun to learn at rhe commesoecementof thisaenson. Thegraoes and knowledge which they now display is high •ompliment to Madame Thiodonu. Mass Moore (from Brishoane) provided the musio. Calisthenio lexeroieses were first indulged in, hoops and expsoders being used. These exer o:ses are specially adapted to enooarage ease sad grsce of carriage, a purpose for whiob, it was evident, they are admirablr suited. A waltz followed, and it could be easily seen that greet pines had been taken in perfecting the popils in this favourite dance. Twelve little girls went through the ecaif dance, using pale green scarves; this was a very pretty eight. The dignity and grace with whict the minueoc de la courte was gone throuah was also plras ing to witness, as was also leo gros in wtioh eight girls took part. Next followed a walts, siateen laners, and Scotch polka, all nicely performed. The French cotillion was ex tremely attractive, the skilful manipulation of the fans beleg a epecial feao•ue. The barn dance was followed by a Scotch reel, of whiab Madame Thiodon i' the only teocher in Q 3ene land. Both were really well done Then came the Circassian circle, and the programme was conocluded with a grand march, the pupils counter marching and circular counter marah ing with marvelloeus precision, and golog through the various evolutions eplendidly. Many enpreslions of gratficstion at the able way in which Madame Thiodon has trained her pupils were given voice to by the onlookers, who were evadently well pleased with the progress made by those atteadmg the olae. Tue 1eoetarina Tea is epenially adapted to meet the requirements ot Iadies and other Delicate Persons in a hot climate. Price, 4*. per lb. Oatsn and FoorT.-)ADVT.] 144 A nrasPeoaNTa&tiv; of this jurnasl weea yesterday shown a meat delivery.oart at the premises of England Bros., blolakemiths, wheelwrights, to., of Bouth-atreet. The vehicle bas been turned out to the order of Messrs. Watson Bror., the well- known btachers of this town, andl bears evidence of careful workmanship. It is a two.wheeled strongly.made ocnveysanoce, and, while there is a very noticeable absence of anytheag showy. its coostruction is eaouh as sbould admirably suit the purpose for which it is intesdei. The body of the eart consists of spotted gum and pine, and this portion of the vehicle is 'eatyed" together in a way that should be very lasting. The wheels, which are very strongly constructed, and encircled with mseelve tyres, are made of split iron bark. In the front part of the body is an air lonuvre, while doable leouvre doors have been provided at the beok; and acoummodation is afforded for baskete on top. The ceart basbeen neatly printed, and the names of the proprietors onl the makers ocoupy a prominent poi:iot The whole of the wo·k was done by the firm, the wood portion being exeoted by Mr. Thomas EIngland, and the iron part by Mr. James England, who has. been connected with this branch of blackemitbing for mony years ATr STUDIES -Wb n the po'lio are re quested to give their orinorn if the Po-traits and Pictures exhinited by the I X L. Photo. Company, Neobola.streect, the work of A. D. Btsaes, Artist, their uneverSal decision is that it has never yet been excelled in Queensland - [AD17 ] 7217 Teo forthoominc drauglhts tonrnament for the trophy preensted by Mrssatrs. Cribb and Foots gives every promise of being a ecoesfel affair, as the entries received are very large, a list of twerntyfour competitors haciog been obtained at the appointed hour for closiog last evening. Meesrs. G. Allen, 0. Haumphreys end H. Pilgrim, the handicappers deputed to epportlon the "starts," met aisst night, when the following handiaosps were made:-Messrs. 0\. Allen and H. Campbell, scratoh; H. Pil grim, 4 games; H. Wyman, .G. .Bonrke, and F. Mead, 12; 1. Haenhy, 14; 0. Walker, G. Bumpbreve, F. OCibb, W. M'Lean, and A. Hooper, 16; F. Bugler and J. Ramsay, 20; G. Hill, A. Fliesobhmann. L. W. Wilkinson, and O. Martin, 22; -. Kay and A. Jackson, 4 t; W. M'Oulloch, 25; E. Walker, 28; J. Jarvis, 40; and W. Stewart, 40. Play was commenoed last evening. FIre AuBs-Portraits in tl, end Photo graphs, plain and ooloured. Landscapes and groups takuen at peoples' own residences, by the 1.X. L. Company, Nscholas.street, Ipswich. All work guaranteed excellent. Addresses beasuti fully executed in original desicns by A. D. BIScIE. Obseerv theaddrees,LX.L., Njiobholas street. Ipuwioh.-(ADvT.) 737 THe OGympie Times of Thursday says:-The license, goodwill, &o.;, of the well-known Royal Ecrohange Hotel, Mary-street, is about to be transferred to Mr. John White, late of Ips wieh, the proprietreoe, Mrs. Growcook, having leased the premises to him for seven years at a satis factory fignre. S?Bes.-New 8Bede, for planting this montb, just arrived in splendid order. Beas (Prench and other), Rosellsa, Cocumber, American Water and Rook Melon (10 varieties), Pump kin (table and field), Vegetable Marrow, Rhubarb Roots, Squash Tomato. Sugaroorn Eg Plant. New Tobacco Seed, 5 sorts, Vegetable Seeds, of all sorts, kept in stock. Impes, Panicom, Lucerne, Prairie Grase, CJncoh andother grasses. Fruit-Trees, Flower. ing Shrobs and Plants in atock. Jaeso BALL, Nicholaustreet, Ipswichb.-(AnvTl.) THe famous goldfields of Coolgardie are at tracting the attention of a considerable namber of the residents of this town and district, and already several persons have left for the scene of the great mining centre of Western Aun tralla. The latest addition to the ranks of those who have departed wee a contingent of misers from Blsoaketone, who left this town a few days ago. Several of these are said to be experienced gold miners, and should therefore be able to make a profitable livelihood at C ,ol gsrdie. It is reported that a well-known auc tioneer of this town, who has taken oreot interest in the affairs of the Brisbane Hunt Club, aleo mateds to leave for the same place shortly. THe moet fashionable size in portraitnre at present is the new "Paris Panel." All the race " Down South." Bee specimens at F. A. W r?remAe'S Photographic Studio, Brisbane. atreet.-[Aocv.] 368 A BAtD of Hope meeting in consesoion with the Limestone.street Wesleyan Sundaysohool was held, in the schoolroom, oem Thursday evening last. and passed off very seooesafolly. Mr. A. J. Foots presided, and there was a very good attendance. The audlence was a thor oughly appreciative one. Afte devotional exeroises had been engaged in, the following programme was submitted :-Solos. "Will He Come,' Miss Bytheway; " Resignation," Mr. Victor Von Loesber ; " The FPseherman aond his Ch Id;" Meeter George Mills; zither eolo, Miss Sohoenle; recitation, "The Alarm," Mr. H. Sheelob; song Miss Bylheway; solo, Mrs. Thorlow : reading, Mr. W. Haenke; violin solo, Master George Mills; recitations, "The 8tookman's Yarn," Mr. J. W. Dalton; " The Midnight "Alarm," Mr. W. Pratt; "The Newsboy's Debt," Mr. F. Lowe; read. ing, Mr. W. Baensoke. The prooonoieg of the benediction terminated the proceedings. I'HE event of the year: Ipswioh Tea Mart. Nicholae.street.-(ADVv.) 782 AT the Polioa Court, yesterday morning, befora Mr. A. H. Warner Shand, Samuel Brown. Thomas Mageire, and Rose Maguire wero charged with nsing obscene langnage in Woghorn- etreet on the previous day. They eob pleaded "Gouilty," and Benor-Sergeant Browne etated that the defendants were to gether, and were followed by a nnmber of young men, and that the langnuage oDomplained of onuld be beard all over the street for about half.an-hour. The Benob stated that there had been too mouch of this obeaens laognuage need lately, and fined the two msledafendants 10.. esab, ino dfault fortyeight hn?rs' counie mont in the calls; while Rose Mguire wee discharged, T?n usual fortnlghtly meeting of the Black stone brsnob of the Women's Christian Temperance Ucion was held cn Wednesday lest in the Congregational Church, Bleoketone. There was a fair attendance of members, and the President oooupied the chair. The meeting was opened with prayer and praise, and Mrs. Cole gave an explanatory reading from Iseiah Izii. Several matters of local isterest were dreouseed, especially the qeesticn of tract dietribotioo. A very interesting Gospel meet ing was held previously at West Moreton, anndueted by Mrs. Oole. The business being disposed of, the members present wished Mre. Cole a pleasant joarney and a safe return from the annual convention, afterwards sieging ' Gnd be with you till we meet lgain." The President then pronouneed the benediction. B. Nosow?nree will hold a Great Sale on Saturday next, having purchased draper's sntook amountiong to £850.-[Anv.] 1008 A FANor dresa parade in cononetion witb the Ipsaich Bicycle Club was held last Thursday night. The storm in the afternoon may have militated somewhat egeinst the enscees of the outing, but still the show was soffioient proof that we have a live club in osr midst. Of the seven members who turned oat, four were in fanoy costame and the other three in ordinary attire. The captain (E. Bool) appeared as a clown, H. A. Darker s " the toper,"' A. Partridge as a nigger, end J. Jackee as "Buffalo Bill." Thse, with J. Dodd, had their machines adorned with Chinese lanterns, and W. J. M'Gill and G. Jeackse also attended. Scarting from the Frontain at about 8 o'clook, they recesived a good sendoff from the crowd which had a'sembled. A raoe was taken round the Grammar School, down throngh West Ipawich, back to the Foontain, and soros to 1North Ipswich, and fioalty out along the Warwiok. road. THE Nectarina Tea makes the afternoon tea table a delightful pleasure to Ladies and others of a refined and deliosate taste. Prioe, 4s. per lb. CsaBe and FOOrs.-[ADvTr.] 148 To those who contemplate visiting the gold. fields of Western Ausatralia a pamphlet enttied "The Golden Wesalt and how to get there," iussued jointly by the Australian United Steam Navigation Company, Limited, and Messrs. William Howard Smath and 8onas, Limited, honuld serve as a valnable guide. It contains a great deal of information on the matter of shippiec to the ports of Western Anstralia, of the outfits required, and partionlau of the over land routes to the gold- beasriog eentreastogether with the train aod cosoh fares. Extraose from the Mining Aot of that colony are given, and the publication is made still nseful through be' iog farniehed with complete guide maps. WHAT proved to be a most interesting meaet ing in conneotion with the Weeleyan Yonog People's Guild was held in the church, Ellen borongh-barreet, on Tnursday evening last, when the Rev. T. R. Therlow presided, and thlere was a very good atttendanoe of members. The meeting having been opened in the usual manner, a paper was read by the Rev. ,B Stewart, on the subject of "The Chain of Life in Geological Times," which was attens tively lietened to. Several questions were asked by those present, and were satisfactorily answered by the rev, gentleman, to whom a vote of thanks was tendered with acclamation, after which the meeting was brought to a oon elusion by the prononing of the benedietion, oFBo an advertisement in another colamn it will be seen that the local asoncy of the Sun lensurance Office has cabsoged hands, Mr. Thomas Blainee having resigned, and his Worship the Mayor (Mr. H, E. Wyman) haew ing been duly appointed to suooeed him sn the represoentation of this well-established company in the town and distrint. Ae excellent conoert was given in the Con gregational Chubrch at Tivoli, on Thureday evening last. with the oi:jeot of raiCing moneay to replenish the Chnreh exahequer, which had recently been drawn upon to some extent in order to defray tbshe otost of ranovatioq the building. The churoh has been re-roofed, and painted internally and externally, by which its appearance has been vastly improved. Co sidering the threatening aspect of the weather, there was a very gratifying attendanee, and is must be pleasing to all oncerned that the en tertainment can be p'onouoced to have been a finanial and meaioal socoesse. A very sood programme was prepared, and the several iteme sobmitted were thoroughly appreciated by the audience, who applanded to the echo at the cooolasion of each piece. The Rev. Joseph Walker presided, and expressed hie pleaore at seeing so many persone present on snoh anso scpomsing night He might state that he admired the improved appearance of the bchrb.h, and he hoped that the people would show their appreciation of the action of the authorities in having it repaired by attending regularly the services whibch would be held there, Each of the per. formers acquitted herself or bimself with each credit that it would be invidious to bestow speoial praise upon any. The fellowiag wan the programme gone through :--Overt?e (orRan), Mr. J. E. Greenham ; solo. \- There is a Green Hill Far Away." Miss M'Collagh ; duet. " Al's Well," Messrs. F. Hanby and J. E. Gronnhom; solo, "The Lost Chord," Mr. T. Windle: trio, "Ye Gentlemen of England." Miss Winning and Messrs F. Haoby and J. E. Greenhem; solos--" Within the Veil," Miss Gerrie Martin; " The Arab's Farewell," Mr. F. Hanby; "Island of Dreams," Miss M'Cullagh; conot solo, " The Wolf," Mr George Homph reys; "RBoin Adair." Miss Witning; "An chored." Mr. F. Williams; "Laddle," Miss Lottie Boothman; " Deep in the Mine." Mr. T. Windle; qeartette. "Rook Me to Sleep,"' Misses Herbert and Morrow und Mesars. T. Windleand T. Darby; com'o reading, "Augeust Setting a Hen," Mr. W. Haenke. The Chairmao, on behalf of the promoters of the entertainment, then oneveyed thanks to all those who had contributed towards its sucoese, and threw out the hint that in future it might be better to hold the noscerts on moonlight eveningr. THe usual weekly meeting of the North Ips. with Congregational Yoeung Men's Guild was held lans Thursday evenisg, and the Rev. T. Jonse presided. It being "President'a Ques tion Night,'" the members aiked questions. among which were the followiog:-"Do you believe in faith healing ? In the total probibi tion of drink traffic? In the clauses of the Peace Preservation Bill .-Will it bring peace to the country." &o.;, &o.; lhe meeting then terminated in the usual manner. OsTateLr the best medicine known is SaDEn anD S0ae' Enoalypti Extrast. Test its eminently powerful effcots in toughs, colds, innSueEna-the relief is instantaneous. In serious oases, and socideots of' all kinrds, he they wounds, burns, soaldings., bruises, sprains, it a the safeet remedy-no swelling, no inflammation. Like surprising ffeiets produced in oroup, diphtheria, bronchitie, inBfammation of the lungs, swellings, dM.; diarrhma, dysen? tery,diseasesofthe kidneys and aorinary orgense. In use at hospitals and medioal aliones all ever the globe; patronised by his Maijesty the King of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at international Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved artiole, and rejeoaall others. -Aonv r.' 14 FOLMOW?no out a plan udopbed last year, an exoellent map of Qoeenaland· has been prepared to aocompany the report of the Boilway Com missioners for 1894. It is nioely printed in br'ght colours, aud, contalnng as it does much inoeresting statistmoal information regarding the resooreeaseofthe colon, it sho-ld proento be of general value. The rivers andrangeaars clearly traced, and the railway yse'ems and branoh lines are depleted by pink lines. The location of the mineral and agrnultuoral areas throughout the colony are shown,. the wheat, macz, and Oane areas btuing distiognishing colonure. The distribution of atook is shown, as are also the many artesian bores and the quantity of water yielded per day. The chief towns with their popntat.one are given, and the position cf the Border Costoma stations area marked. The total number of sheep is set down at 18 .897,016, and eattle at 6,6988;200. It is somewhat strange that the population for 1892 only is given-d-21.297-but in every other inlttanoe the informatloo is up to date, TaE u-mme of Meser,. A. . Foote, Daniel 8hinr, and Joseph fargrevras appear on the roster for attendance at the Coarthoume on Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday of net week. Me, . Loon, of Gatton, ndrertisee, in our isene to-day, a great ' boon to faemera" in the shape of a patent elevator whish may be affced to chaff catters at a very reasonable cost, We noderstand that 'these elevators give very general eatiafaetion, and that a greet eaving is effected by the use of them. The elevator may be seen at work at the premiees of Mosere. Cribb and Ficokte, who act em Mr. Logan'a agents for the atle of it. Ta quarterly leeting of the True Blue Lodge, P.A.F.8,0.A., was held in the Buildmg Socieey's* hall on Thuraday evening last, when there was a veryla~rge attendance, about eighty members being present. Thi is e said to be the beet record of attendocee for about ten years. Bro. J. J. Gray, W.M., ouonpied the cheir. It was decided to donatt 2se. towards the funds of the Ipswich Hospital. Sick pay to the amount of £8 13e. ?d. was granted to two brethren. The usual quarterly asconte were passed for payment, and it was decided to forward a letter of condolenoce to Mrs. W. Vowles and to Bro. J. W. M'Oill expressive of sympathy in their recent sad bereavements. The receipts of the evening amoucted to £43 tie. Id. As will be seen elsewhere; an organ recital will be held in St. Paul'a Church on Thersday evenieg next, commencing at 8 o'olook. Entertainments of a similar nature have pre viously been given in that churchb, and have proved partioularly interesting. The one under notoe should be of equal merit, seeing that the Rev. Wyndham Enrap (of'Brisbane) aud Mie D. Watson are totake the solo parta, while Mr. William Gray will contribute a cornet solo. Tae attenticon of all those interested is direoted to an advertisement elsewhere, which esates that the awarde of the Royal Humaone Society, in connection with the Jackson reseoe incident will be presented in the oSchool of Arte by his Excellencyo the Governor at 8 o'clock tonight. The public are cordially invited to be present. The epecial train con voeying his Etoellenor from Brisbane will' arrive in Ipewich at 2'30 p.m., and will leave again for the metropolis at 8 60 p.m. IT is announoed in another column that a ploughing match1 together with horse- jumping contests, will be held at Rosewood, nder the auspices of'the Purmers Cleb, on the 19th proximo, the scene of the operations being in Mr. G. Morgan's paddock, near the township. The gathering is more to have a stimulating effect on the interest taken in the welfare of the sooiety, and the oontest ahonld attract a very large number of farmers. There will be three olesses in the ploughing, and a similar number in the horsejomping competlItion. The* prices for the AIl-Oomers' Plooghiog Matoh are a riding caltivator valuned at £7 15.. for the Bret, £2 for the seoond, and £L for the third. The other event. consies of h matob for remidentse'of the Bosewood electoLrat, and a youths' match uander nineteen years bf age. The irst prize for the Bosewood Handiosp Jump is £4 4.., £22e. the second, and £1 I. the third; while the Maiden Jbmp is for £2 2S., and the Pony Jump for £1 In, Entries for all events must be in the hands of the meoretary (Mr, Peroy H. Adams) by Friday, the 12th of October, and the entry fees in all ases will be 5 per oent. on the total amount of the whole pr.ze. Tenders for publican'a booth, fruit stall, and gates will alse be resoeived on the same day. The regulations for the guidance of the ploughers will appear later on. AT the Christchuroh Supreme Court (wrt's the Danedio correspondent of the Melbourne Argus) W. Hood Williamsa claimed £200 damages from Kinney, a shipping agent, for alleged libel contained in a letster published in the Chrietohbreh Piess, The question arose during the trial as to whether the editor of the Press should furnish the name of an anonymoum writer given to him in coofidenoce. Mr. J. 8. Guthrie, the editor of the P.ays, refused to do so, but was told by Mr. Justice Dennieton that he mest rvply to the question and reveal the name. Mr. Outbrie still declining to anewer, his Hononr said he was setting up an ethIoal theory of his own against the authority of the Court. Mr. GOthrle desired to consnlt his solioitor, and the jodge allowed him to stand down for a time, pointing out, however, that it was not a question for a solicitor. On resu.m oing, oonseel for Kinsey said that, to save Mr. Gothbrie from having to violate a.prinoiple,. his clint would admit wilting the letter.. The jury gave a verdict for plaintiff for £25 dam ages. A oATHBrrc o r.f a very plasing nature took place at the Ipswich Girla Grammar Sohool let or- ning, when Mine Elsie Watson, L.L.A., one of the esoters st the institution, was made the reoeipient of a very handsome present at the hands of the pupils of the school. Miss Watson, who is about to leave here for the South, hse been teaching at the school ever sinoe its inception, and had made herself very popular with both popils and teachere When it became known that bohs was about to sever her cooneotion with the school, those attending it st onoe resolved that cbe sboold not be allowed to take her departure without some mark of their high esteem being made known to her. The gathering, which was inaugurated in eob a qui.t manner that it came as a oomplete sur prise to Miss Watson, took place is one of. the large rooms at the seminary. There was a vwry lige number of the soholars present, and Misc Oharlotte Macgregor made the presenta tion in a few appropriate remarks. The pre sents consisted of a besutifnuLgold brooob, set with opals, snd a number of very useful paint brushes. Miss Watson ueitably replied, thank. tog the donors for their unexpeoted gifts, and stating that shbe would ever treaenre them in remembrance of the happy time spent at the school. The proceedlogs then took, a sodiel form, and eubsequently those present repaired to the dining-room, when refreshments were partaken of, Miss ount, B.Sc., Head Mintresn of the sobool, and the other teachbers doing all in their power to make the evening enjolable. DaLBr is the most nanfortunate town in Qo .,retsnd (saeys "Quid Nuno'" in Charleville Times). Everything seems to oonspire to play it low down on the plaeo, and its burghers are always in trouble. Th.e time the Mnnicipal Coonoil is the difficolty. The corporation isin a "boung" coodition, and the looal paper, voiomg popular seetimnt, nsuggests that it "oompleoentlygive up the ghost and attend its own foneral " This it stoutly refsee to do so long as someine can be found to ran the show. The majority of- the allotments within the suburban area have long inaos been repodiated by their owners, and are oonme qoently non revenue-produoing. The inoome Irom rates just about squares the expense of their colleoliin; while tbs whole oaboose only exists on the tolerance of the Government, to whom it is indebted in an amount for which the entire town would be little more than an adequate security - a yearly increosing liahbilty. This is, indeed, a melaneoolly state of aSffir,. No wonder the Divisional Board deoioes to be saddled with the inedbus. Teo colony wase visited onthe lht of S9ptem her (writre the Dunedin correspondent of the Melbouree Argus) by a so?entorm. which ex tended from Anokland to the BIS. Snow in September to not an estnsoreliory ?courorece in the South, but it is in the North. aod on this ocoasion the fall is aopreoednoted. II the Lake Wakaetipo distriet quite 2Bi. of snow fell In the Welliogton diaser ot sia o the panasogers of the steamer Dun, whioh had tro puo into Obacn Bay for rhelter, started to w.lk to Wellington. They were overtaken by the snosctorm and elmert benombed. One ,f the perty suffered intenosely, and it was with the greatelt diffioltr be was preventing frtti 00e combing. In Danedin a sad fatal aeedielnt ooorred. A group of boys on their may to rsehool were poltiog pasmcre.by, when a gentle. man who bad been etruck raised hie stick ii a thresateninei attitude. A bright little fe:low named Hunry ran bckwards jutst aa oar en the eoslyn tram line wee descending. Hdo f l1 in front ol the ear, anwl. being strook on the base of the rkuoll, was killed almost lslutana eoaely, hr Ohe usual fortsigbtly meeting of the boaerd of masnagement of the Ipresrieb Bopital, -aterdiy afternoon, Mesr. .. I. Carder (President), JoitaHBantook, . B. Waie, eand John Niebolls were present. Apolog?r?t for anvoidable aebeesoe were tenoerrld from Meserse. J. 3. Gilleeple end 0. H. Shillito. Five being the necesary number to form S quorom, the sueal business of the meetingR wa' not proceeded with. The tickets for adnissidbl into the insti?tion, however, were edabned, and the meeting then adourned. D'ring tles coorse of onverlation the members praret' expressed great esatisfeotiOn at the liberal amount of the " Hspital Saturdayr stolleo tioes. We underetvand that the epedial collectiops being made on behalf of the iratitu. tion are maeeting with a generous responser, A' number of these colleations are seowlsded*a with thnanks, in our business columns to day, Tiea latest local eoal disoovery (saVe the' Peak Downs Telegram ad the 16th instant)*lr that of Messrs. C. Miedmeyer and Co, in what they have named the Nope Colliery. Thin. mine is edjoining that of the'Blair Athol and Eldorado fields, Operatioens were commenced, in May of last year, and towards the end of lest week the efforts of the companys were a rewarded by discovering a seam of coal 8f1. in thicknoess at a depth of 1i6ff. Mr. Niedmeyar. informs us that his company are making. arrangements witt the Railway Commisei?nera to have the aoal tested. 