St, Stephen's Church. CELEBRATING THE 25TH YEAR.; Owing :o the demand for copies of our Monday's issue we are compelled tc re'ub ish the particiuars relating to Sunday's proceedings. and in addition below se give an account of the various mtatters more or less associated with tihe celebration. rThere are few mizi;ters of the Gospel in this colony that can h y clauni to such a long and almost continual ministration in one place as can Arch deaton Allnutt, the weliknown and poprlar vicar of St. Steph'-n's, who on Sunday brought to aclose a recortd lhere cf twenty-five years. This ann vetsary of his taking charge of St. Stephen's is b=ing specially marked, and it must be indeed gratitying to the Arc:deaccn to find :hat he still has the love and kind sympathy of his parishioners, and that his church is as well, if iudeej not better, attended now as during his first year here. For some little time subscriptions have been received from members of the congregation to procure something to present the Archdeacon with to mark the occasion, and this took the form of a burnished brass altar cross, stand ing on a solid base bearing an inscrip tion " To the Glory of God to com memorate the cmmpletion of 25 years faithful ministry by the Ven. J. C. P. Allnutt second Vicar,June 24, sS94."and which was presented before the morn ing service by Mr. W. H. Rose on behalf of the churchwardens at the vestry. Mr Rose said : We are here this morning to congratulate you on the attsinment of your 25th anniver sary of your ministry in the parish, and on behalf of the parishioners we wizh you to accept this token, an altar cross for the church in commemoration of the event, and trust that God will bless you with renewed strength and vigor for many years yet to come; also that Mrs Allnutt will be spared to you and-that both of you will continue in our midst for mary years, and tfiti'God w.'ill grant you health 'and happiness Is the earnest wish of us all. Archdeacon Allnutt thanked" those present, and 'all Y who . liid sub scribed for 'their kind act, and' said as soon as the proper permission had been secured he would place the cross on the altar table in the chancel of the church. The attendance at St. Stephen's on Sunday morning was, particularly large, and this must in some measure be set down to the an niversary alluded to. The service was full chuord, and it was evident the members of the surplice&dchoir; realised the special opportunity for a particularly bright service, as they attended in full numbers, and we question if more pleas ing singing (althongh we have heard the parts oetter balanced) ha; been heard within the walls of this pretty place of worship. The choir and Min isters ya)lfed to their seats singing that well known hymn " The Church's one Foundation," the congregation heartily assisting. The ordinary morning service then began, Archdeacon Allnutt being assisted by Archdeacon Cooper. The canticles and psalms were sung in a manner that must have s:ruck the regular attender as posse?seing far more spirit than usual For years the singing of all save the hymns has been rather on the slow and dirgeful side, but on Sunday it was pleasingly the reverse, being particularly bright and cheerful. The anthem was also a most pleasing effort, 'Miss A. Bennett being entrusted with the solo. The Ven. Archdeacon Cooper occu pied the pulpit, taking for his subject NEHEMIAH II, VIII. - " Accoraing to the good hand of my God upon me.' The Preacher then said He greatly rejo:ced in being permit ted to take part in that day's celebra tion, and to join with them in offering most hearty congratulations to him, who for a quarter of a century had ministered to them in holy things. It was a great privilege thus to minister to'a whole generation. Some of them could look back to the beginning, and then on through cloud and sunshine, prosperity and adversity, joy and sor row to that day. Their pas:or had been intimately connected with them in many distinctive crisis of their lives, t. The babe, the bride, the quiet dead," had claimed his tenderness and drawn forth his sympathy. Many had been received by him into Christ's Holy Church at the font, then in yonder bap tistry; many in that sacred rite, little less than a sacrament, but by sonme lightly esteemed, had through him re ceived the Church's benediction on holy matrimony; and in how many homes had he knelrt beside the shrouded dead, and as he prayed for the mourners they felt that in him they had one whose heart was as their heart, who truly sympathised with them and could really held them. And for 25 years his affectionate, faithful workx had been done. But if he knew anything of the mind of their vicar the uppermost thought with him was " Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name be all the praise" and if he were reminded of what~he hid been enabled to do for any of them he would say in the words of the text " It was according to the go:d hand of my God upon me." And so it was; for as the hand was the executive agent, so by it, in reference to God, they understood the Holy Spirit. Most appropnriately that day was ,r. John Baptist's Day, the messenger w\o went before the face of the Lord to pre pare the way before Ilim; a d of him they read in the gospel that " the hand of the Lord was with him," or as it was expressed earlier in the same chapter, he was "filled with the Holy Spirit. And by that hand '" Amid the true and stern And keen ealitics of testi life The boy was roUer.!d into uLtt-erbetl ani .4nd fitted for his funstien." Reference was tben made to the care of Nehemiah, and it was pointed out that as a man of prayer hie had the faith which ever recognised God's hand and the love which delighted to trace it in a.l the manifold intricacies of life. Such was their pastor, and from bein7 much in communion with God, he had learn to know Him well, and thus to discern His hand in hundreds of instances during his 25 years work. A minister nould be powerless but for the good hand of God. It was God that worked in them both to will and to do of His good pleasure. They remem. bered how the hand of th L.ord is upon Elijah w':: ,,- ra , I " >. ? :,h to Jezrcei. I., i :t :.;ld both Divine impulse and supernatural strength. An illustration of many of the things done by prophets and saints in every age. " They were move, of God to attempt great things and helped of God to achieve them." V. hat could tl.ey not do when God's hand had been ltid upon their hearts quickening and iluta:;ting them ? That gave to a minister the consciousness of his mis sion, by that lie felt the nearness of Goui, and so could do all things in Christ who strengthened him. The laying on of hands in ordintion was in truth the outward and visible sign of au inw rd spiritual grace, and a poor wek, frail, man-verily an earthen vessel-felt that there was committed to him a precious treasure for the good of hisfellow men, and so with aoly bold. ness yet deep humility he went forth thus ordained and coiiimissioned to do and dare anything for his Master. In other ways, too, tlheh.nd of the Lord had been with them during the period under review. They read in and Chron., xxx ch., of Hezakiah's passover, and that the hand of God was with them to give them one heart to do the command. mcnt of the King; unity resulted. "He maketh men to be of one mind in a house," in a Church, in a State. " Be hold how b n?o-d .tud ptleanizit a thin- it is brethren to dwell together in unity.' " The multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul" be cause they were filled with the Holy Ghost, One heart to keep the pass over! Oh for God's hand with them to give them one heart to keep the feast to vhich that morning they were invited. Who could doubt that God's Spirit had been the bond of unity between the pastor and people and the people one with another. Anl future prosperity would hinge on this the indwelling of Him who was the author of peace and lover of concord. Once more they read (Acts x,, 21), of the scattered disciples preaching, and the hand of the Lord was with.them, and as a result, a great number believed and turned to the Lord,.. There was the grand secret of ministerial success. The presence and power of God. They saw this notably in St. John Baptist to whom in con clusion they would revert. Men saw that God's hand was with him, hence his courage in boldly r"buking vice through it reigned in a Kit:g's palace. Hence his zeal, his earnestness; he had grown up with the consciousnes; that God's hand was with him, and that impelled him to action and made him instant in his work. Hence too his humility; He was but the voice crying in the wilderness, " Prepare ye the way of the Lord." " Who art Thou ?" TLe messengers from the Pharisies asked. He could have given a good account of himself; heir of a priestly line, his nativity heralded by an angel, filled with the Spirit from his birth. But he was nothing compared with Christ, his thoughts centred in Christ, and in Him his own personality was lost. As he said later " He must increase, I must decrease." \\\hat a pattern for preachers ! To paint the Christ and hold up the canvas that he should be vividly brought before men, and in such a manner that not a little finger of self could be seen. They had heard of the artist who painted the " Last Supper," and called in his friends to see the work, inviting their opinion as to what was most striking and attractive in the picture. With one consent they agreed that it was the chalice in the hand of Jesus-the precious metal, richly chased, seemed to gleam and the jewels to flash forth their rays. The artist with much disappointment took his brush and painted out the chalice, desiring that nothing should draw off attention from the lace of the Christ. Fearlessly he asked them if the aim of their pastor had not been akin to this. With him Christ had been 211 in all. Some of them ca:led that day '" Violet Sund ay1' and year by year for the whole of the 25\. upon the Holy Table had been placed a profusion of that sweet, humble, modest flower, which not un fittingly stood as an emblem of him whom that day they honoured. 'he violet did not flaunt itself before men to attract attention, but almost hidden from view it made its influence felt by the perfuime it exhaled, that day they wove a chaplet, 'erfumed vith the incense of a 25 years ministry in the sanctuary, and pl ced it lovingly upon their pastors' brow, but they knew what he would do with it ; he would cast it at the feet of Him who loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own blood and made us kings and priests unto our God for ever." On Sunday night the Church was again largely attended, and the remarks concerning the choir and :heir efforts will very fitly apply again to this ser vite. The sermon by Archdeacon Cooper was againt an able one, delivered in that gentleman's well known. a."d ir pressive manner, and listened to with marked attention. 