Devil-May-Care Dick. THE remarkable discoveries of gold and silver mines in Colorado had attracted in the neighbourhood of Central City and Black Hawk, as two prominent places were called, a very coarse and rough class of miners ; but there were also among them many noble-hearted and generous men, whom no vicious contact or associa- tion could injure. A large number of the population, almost entirely males, were from the East, come hither to seek their fortunes, but here and there were also to be found some more experienced adven- turers, who had served an apprenticeship in California and Australia. Among the latter class was a rough fel- low known as English Dick, or more commonly known as Devil-May-Care Dick, the last title being evidently the one which he best liked, and which seemed to be also most appropriate, from his reckless habits and bullying procli- vities. He was an exceedingly large and power- ful man, and a hard customer in a rough- and-tumble contest, though the class in and about Central City in those days were too much inclined to use the knife and revolver to permit of many contests where physical strength was left to de- cide a dispute between individuals. Dick was a large man, as we have said ; his face was deeply pock- marked, one of his lips had a very disfiguring scar, the bridge of his nose had been broken in some personal quarrel, and altogether he was by no means prepossessing in his appearance. He was often very industri- ous with pick and shovel, and was as frequently hired by the day as employed in any other way, though he owned many " claims" in the neighbourhood of Black Hawk, and in the immediate vicinity of that rich and famous lode, the " Bob Tail," from which millions of dollars have been realised, first and last. Dick was not an intemperate man, as we generally apply the word. He took his two or three drinks of whisky per day, but was never affected thereby ; indeed, a gallon of liquor would seem to be quite lost in his capacious system. Still he was what the miners called a hard fellow, very quarrelsome, and ever ready to browbeat and bully any one who crossed his whim. Queer stories were told about his past life ; and some facetiously denominated him a ticket-of-leave-man, without the " ticket," or, in other words, an escaped convict from penal servitude. He had fought two duels in Colorado, was an excellent shot, and, though a bully, was still a brave and even reckless person. There are many kinds of courage ; that which arises from a total disregard of danger is by no means the highest standard. That courage which is not the result of reason and discipline is nearer beastliness than true manhood ; or, in other words, true courage does not consist in blindness, or overlooking danger, but rather in seeing it and conquering its influence over tbe mind. The " St. Nicholas Hotel" was, in those primitive days of Central City, a one-story loghouse, though rendered com- paratively comfortable by its internal arrangements, its rear overlapping the deep gulch that reached far below Black Hawk. Stopping at this rough and im- provised inn were several Eastern tra- vellers, among whom was a young man named Abbot. Knapsack Abbot, he was called, from the fact that be wore his little case of clothing and personal ar- ticles upon his back, and went on foot from one part of the mountain region to another, while other people rode upon mules. He was an invalid, and had come to Colorado in search of that health which he could not enjoy at home. He was from New York State, having been born somewhere near Syracuse, and was studying medicine as a future profes- sion. Some days he would work in the mines as a labourer for day wages, to eke out what was doubtless a scantily filled purse. Abbot could not have been more than twenty-two years of age, and was even younger-looking than that—quite boyish, in fact, and almost womanly in his delicacy of appearance. The " St. Nicholas" was kept by a widow from Ohio. She was quite young and good- looking, and had taken a motherly in- terest in Knapsack Abbot, which exhi- bited itself in a kindly consideration for his daily necessities. Dick had set his eye upon the widow, and he made no secret of his intention of marrying her, provided he could get her consent ; but Mrs. Haviland did not return the bully's partiality. Nothing made English Dick more ugly and pugna- cious than to see Mrs. Haviland show the least special courtesy to another man. He noticed that the landlady was particu- larly kind to young Abbot, and conse- quently he took a great dislike to the medical student " with the baby face," as be nick-named him. He openly declared that no man should pay attention to Mrs. Haviland in Cen- tral City, and live. There were quite a number of thrifty miners, who, in the dearth of female society, would have en- joyed a social chat now and then with the pleasant landlady of the " St. Nicholas," but who didn't care to run the risk of Dick's displeasure. He had shot two men, as we have said, since he came there, but under such circumstances —viz., in a duel—that no legal steps could be taken in a community where the laws were little heeded, and each man was for himself. Young Abbot saw that he had incurred the decided displeasure of the bully, but seemed to care very little about the matter. Mrs. Haviland was nearly old enough to be his mother, but that made no difference to Dick who chose to see in her attentions to the young invalid some- thing more than a motherly friendship. One evening several travellers were gathered in the large room. The tables being cleared away upon which the sup- per had been served, the apartment now became a smoking-room. Dick was there, looking rather sour and moody ; young Abbot was also in the room, smok- ing a pipe, and listening to the one theme of conversation, the discovery of lodes of gold and silver-bearing quartz in the vicinity. Young Abbot had not been so well as usual that day, and Mrs. Havi- land had just brought him a cup of tea, which he was drinking, not having joined the rest at the sapper-table. This simple act of courtesy and kind- ness was at once observed by Devil-May- Care Dick, who growled out something about " babies and sucking-pigs," the application of the remark being perfectly apparent to all present. Abbot took no notice of the insult, but quietly drank the tea and returned the cup to Mrs. Havi- land, thanking her kindly for the cheer- ing beverage. He then turned and took his seat once more, while Dick jumped up, and approaching the landlady, seized her arm in his powerful grasp, and pin- ched it so severely that she cried out with pain. Young Abbot, turning round to this exclamation, saw the whole transaction, and seizing the chair or stool upon which he had been sitting, swung it over his head and knocked English Dick sense- less upon the floor. The young man examined the pulse of the fallen bully, and said that he would soon come to, when three or four of his friends lifted him up and conveyed him to his cabin hard by. Mrs. Haviland was greatly exercised for fear that Dick would at once kill her protege, but young Abbot took the matter very coolly, saying that Dick had never lost an opportunity to insult him, and that he had borne everything until he resorted to violence to a woman in his presence, and solely because she had been kind to him. This was strictly true, and the sympathy of all who knew about the affair was in favour of Abbot, and against English Dick. Perfectly amazed at the prompt punish- ment which he had received from a mere boy, Dick was of course almost beside himself with rage and pain when at length he came to his senses. He was for instantly going back and shooting young Abbot, but his friends told him be couldn't do that. The feeling of the community was against him ; whatever he did in the way of revenge must be within the accepted code, or he would himself run the risk of being lynched. The bully saw this at once. He knew that his own popularity, or seeming popularity, was based upon the fears of his companions, and that were he to sboot this fellow unfairly, he would run the risk of being lynched, a word that meant sure death both in California and Colorado. Still he determined to have his revenge for the crushing and mortify- ing blow which he had received. A duel was the only way left open for him. There was a woman in the scrape, he said, and everybody thought him in the wrong, which was a fact, while young Abbot had suddenly become a great favourite for daring to attack so notorious a bully as Devll-May-Care Dick, under any circumstances, but especially in behalf of a woman. It was two days before the bully ap- peared in public. He had received a blow which caused his head to swell fearfully, and the blood to settle under his eyes. He sent a friend to young Abbot to tell him that he demanded satisfaction, and that he must fight him. " Very well," said Abbot. " I am the challenged party, and I shall dictate terms." " What are they ?" asked Dick's friend. " We must fight across a handkerchief." " What ?" " Across a handkerchief." " Why, that would be fatal to both ?" " I know it." " I don't believe Dick proposes to face certain death," was the reply of the other. " Ay," said young Abbot, " but that is what he desires me to do." " How so ?" " He is an excellent shot, while I am no marksman. If we were to stand ten paces apart he'd kill me sure, and run little risk himself." " Well, that's about it," said the other, honestly. " I will fight him with an equal chance. Across a handkerchief I can blow his brains out, I believe ; and though I may lose my own life, still my chance is as good as his," replied the young man. The messenger took back this word to Dick, who was perfectly astounded, and raved and swore worse than ever, declar- ing that the young fellow was a perfect butcher. Still he could not refuse the terms. He had sent the challenge, and that left the choice of weapons and mode of procedure to his enemy. It got noised around, and considerable interest was expressed among the miners as to the result of the singular affair. " English Dick has got his match at last !" said one. " Both will be killed," said another. " Who would have thought that Knap- sack Abbot was so game ?" said a third. And gossip was rife with the quarrel and its possible result. The place and the hour were appointed. The spot designated was just in the woods towards Mammoth Gulch ; the hour sun- rise on the day following the challenge. Young Abbot was duly on the spot, cool and calm. Dick came up, swaggering and heated. The men were placed within three feet of each other, each holding one end of a silk handkerchief in the left hand, and a pistol in the right. The bully looked hard into the calm, resolute eye of the young student, and saw there only quiet resolve. Suddenly he dropped his end of the handkerchief, ex- claiming : " I won't fight ! It's downright mur- der !" and he trembled like a leaf. He saw that he had not the ghost of a chance for his life, and death stared him in the face. The young man was ready to die, if necessary, but be was also sure to put a ball through his opponent's body. To the astonishment of all, the bully turned and walked off the ground, a dis- graced man. He could no longer hold up his head among these people. He went to his cabin, and was last seen pack- ing up a few articles of wearing apparel and some tools, and some time during the night he disappeared. Young Abbot's courage was of that class which is not blind to the danger, but which despises it. From that day, now some years ago, nothing was ever seen in the Central City of Devil-May-Care Dick. —————————————————————— 