AMUSEMENTS. The Liliputian Opera Company met with another good reception at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, when the Christmas pantomime, "All Baba and the Forty Thieves, was again presented before a well filled house. Tbe youngsters acquitted them selves well throughout the performance, and the beautiful scenery and handsome costumes a^ain met with universal admiration. "The Forty Thieves" will again be presented this evening. "The Colleen Bawn" attracted another good honsa at tbe Bijon Theatre on Friday evening, the evergreen drama of Irish life meeting with an excellent reoeption. Mr. J. P. O'Neill as that "broth of a buoby" Myles met with the heartily expressed approval of the audience, and the other mem bers of the company gave able support. " The Colleen Bawn" will be repeated this evening. The powerful oomio drama "Snared" will be staged on Monday night. An attractive and varied programme h?B been arranged for thn evening's. "Conti nental." Miss Ida Oaborne, whose singing on Wednesday evening aroosed suoh enthusiasm amongst the audience, will make her farewell appearance this evening, and Mr. Fred. Smith wul also Btng. The instrumental nueio will be provided by the Militia Band, and a crowded house may confidently be expected. The members of the Kentucky Minstrels re turned to Adelaide on Sunday morning, December 31, after spending a most enjoyable coniert tour. At Milang on regatta day a orowtnd house greeted the company. The usual divffing-room circle opened the enter tainment. Miss White beinp pianist and Mr. C. R. Balda^ogon interlocutor, whilst Messrs. C. Herriok art} W. Boyce manipulated the tambo and bonn: respectively. Songs were contributed by Msasra. C. R. Baldwineon, Chas. White, and H. Everard. Mr. H. Shreeves had to respwid for his dancing, as did also Messrs. Herriok and Boyce for oomio songs. The first part concluded with a farce, " FiszUg'a Troubles." Miss White opened the second half with a pianoforte overture. Mr. H. Sbreeve caused muuh merriment by his comicalities, and Messrs. Herricks and Boyce had to teappear in character songs, as did Mr. C. Whitein his musical selections. Mr. B. Chaplin was beard to advantage in a song. A farce, "Toe Arrival of Jimbo," whioh brought down tbe house, concluded the prosiamiae. A danoo followed tbe concert. The same -programme was repeated at Ports Victor and EUioS and Goolwa and Mount Barker. The attendances at the Battle of Waterloo are by no means decreasing. Yesterday the Cyolorama received its full share of patronage, and in the evening the illusion of Napoleon's ghost caused a deal of speculation. 