Presbytery of Hamilton. CONFERENCE ON THE STATE OF RELIGION. 'Th Presbytery of Hamilton- met on Tue-.l:ty evet.inf i' the local Presby ,.; tin Church for conferenc' on the s,;ite of Religion. There were present, Revs. G.- R. jInV.s (Moderator of Presbytery), J. K. M.icnlallan (Clerk), J. Henderson, W\\\\. ('. \\\'Vllace, G. D." Lee, T. Shanks, Mr. A. Turnbull (E!ler), and Mr. W. \\\'rn (Mis.-ionar3). There was a fair atten..an'e of the public. The Rev. G. R. Jones, who acted as ('h;airmanl, opened the conference with : paper on the enducelter.t of power. The address dealt with the nature and ;t:c l of this power. The same truth similarly stated was not always simil. ariy eflective. In order that the truth nLty carry conviction to the minds and consciences of m:n, it must be de livered under the influence of the Holy Soirit. Some very effectiveinstruments in the revival of rel;gion, such as Charles Finney, have declared that there were times when they consciously fel: thelmslves full of the Holy Ghost. What was necessary for a genuine revival of re'igion was not that an evangelist should be relied upon, but that niaoisters and people themselves shoil.t live near to God, consecrat. themselves fully to His service and pray for the power of the Holy Spirit. The paper which had been carefully pre pared was listened to with much ap preciation. Mr. A. Turnbull spoke at a con siderable length on the. subject of faith as a living personal Saviour. There were not a few professed Christians who seemed to keep their religion for the Surndays. Did they really believe that Christ was alive to- day, the same in love and power as ever? Our re liginn ought to be real, and then it would be mere of a force in the church and community. The speaker gave several interesting and telling illustra tions of the power of faith in a living and reigning personal Christ. Rev. J. Henderton spoke briefly on the change which had come over the manner and style of preaching in re cent years, a change marked by the greater emphasis now being laid upoc the place and power of the Holy Ghost. Rev. G. D. Lee spoke of the great ned that there was for the deepening of spiritual life. The churches were not so influential in the community as they should be, and the ordinary level of Christian life was lower than it might be if believers would seek and obtain the in-dwelling of the Holy Spirit. We required to have assur ance of the presence within us of this living power by whom slbne we'growin holiness. Rev. J. K. MacMillan made feeling reference to the death of John Thomson, one of the representative elders, who had promised to take part in the con f,:rence. He spoke in the warmest terms of the Christian worth and work of the deceased, alluding specially to his fa;thful and successful labors in con nection witlf the young men and women of his own congregation in Hamilton, and asked why there were not more of such men, willing to spend time and strength for the Master. Rev. WV. C. Wallace thought that the church was losinrg its hold oa the artisans. It was an unhappy condition of things that the young men, the work ing classes, were so careless of religious o.dinances. The truth should be pre sented so as to suit their needs. Truth was unchangeable; but minds and moods were ever changing. Rev T. Shanks referred to the lack of home training. The Sabbath school was not a substitute for parental train ing, and was not by its founders in tended to be. If the youth were taught by the parents the truth and the illu strations of- truth revealed in God's word, the boys would not grow up with out religious convictions and incline. tions. He pressed on Ministers and parents the importance of this matter. The presbytery met for transaction of ordinary business on Wednesday morn ing, when the same members attended. It was agreed that htters of condolence be sent to the widows of Messrs Thomson and Stewart, elders of Hamilton and Casterton respectively, recently de ceased. The Revs. XV. C. \Wallace and I. Henderson congratulated the Rev. ). K. lacmillan on having attained the semi-jubileeof his ministry in Hamil ton. Representatives were appointee' to, attend the Federal Assembly. Re ports were received from Dartmoor and Sleywood mnissions. The work at IHeIy. wood missions had suffered sonme in terruptions through the serious illness of Mr. G. T. Lee. the missionary, who is still inder the care of Dr. Robinson, of HIamilton. The remit from the Assembly regarding the society for destitute children was dealt with elicit ing some discussion. The -reebytery got through all the lus:ness in time to allow some of the m;embers to leave by the morning train. Next meeting is to be held on the first Wednesday of July at Ilamilton. (;ratification was expressed at the hospitality shown by the 'ertlaad con gregation to the Presbytery. 