THINGS IN GINIttAL. (Br " Billy the Offis Boy.") That tyrsum boare, Miss Hogg, soz if all the bahrmaydos wor sakt they'd find moare graft in koffeo palissos and tomprinco hotols. I bloovos bur. Thin they'd huv tu tourno to a lyno ov lyfo that makes gud biz fur sum ov tbo koffeo palissos. But, if koffeo palissos wor to multiply, tho vestid iutirests or sortin howsos up Woolloomooloo and Surry Hills wad B much iugurod. A raicchorso wor yousod in that Barraba robbary and murdir. Wol, raicolioraos R yousod iu turf robbories ovry dai ov tho week. In fakb, tho raicohorso is yousod fur littel else. Granny soz Pattio Brown has intcrd intu a 12 mouths' ingagomint witSir Augustus Harris. This roods lyko Mrs. Ashton's place- mint. (N.B. — I'vo since lonid it's only a staidge iugaidgomint). Mrs. Asliton novor explained how plaioomout was to last. Was it fur a weak, or a day, or a yoer? The Old 'Un has shuk a buysicklo, so tho Kornur wil sane hav a gob. It's warranted not tu stop at pubs. It's on tymo pay mint. Tho Old 'Uu'e bail tunguo got as cbaiste as an eye- sickle Bince he got holed ov a tymo paymint bnysiklo. To kursed pablik-houses hu now pais no betle, Brit past thim ho rydes ut the top ov his speeds ; Aud tree from the horrors or 'buses and trams, No longer this oEco lie fills wit his damns. Bat suao he'll kum down and we'll thin havo a orusher. And he'll giro the tymc paymint kumpany brasher. Hennikor Hoaton wants to go to Canada as Horsotraylia's ckecf man, bat Dibbs isn't on. This wil maik oe3ier graft for Robort Donuis, or wotovor ghoato Hennikor keopos now. Henniker's chooke is okwii tu anything. Whin that shicor, David Christie Murray, after being well treated here, wint whomo ami abyousod Horsotraylia, I sed his reinarcs wor a sine ov a bad livor. Well, now bo's beouo had np bi his poro wyfo, it tnrns out that David is a very bud liver iudcodo. This Linotypo typcsotlin moshoon is a frawdo. Though Ispoako agin it in lostisboo I lmd a noashin ov tryin it, so as to bring out a jurnal ov mi oan, indopendint ov boss, komp£, and ovorywon else. So I axes the pryco — £700 komploto. You'd havo nokd mo down wit a fodder. .£700 for wou mashoene. I'm almost Borrco, kawso since thoro was tawk of tho " Linotype " the komps got sivil, and youscd less bad laugwidgo, bat I four thoy'll soon bo as kocky as over. Imitasliuu is flattery. This kolumb ov mino ia bcin imitated in udir papars, but thayro awl failures. Wit mo tho bad spelling is natchiral, wit tho udirs it's put on. Bi tho wai, a sortin "jurualisfc" spoils a bit wnrso nor mo, aud anutlur goakor gets 30 bob a weak to put his kopy intu deesint Inglish. Yet our Boss grumbles kos the komps charges ekstra fur settiu this kolumb. Five yeor ago a Sydney man fownd out that his wife wor karryiu on with a folloh who had only jest got intu a guvermint billit. The injurd husband nevur sed a wurd, but nlloud the sojewcehor Bniv up bis stough, and now he's goin fur big damidges. I admires tbo payshinco ov tbo husband. Is Larmour goin up as Labur number ? He now givs long addresses lyko udir Labur jokers. Well, he'll find tho lyne's din nutbiuk to the din ov thcevos. I only youso tho wards ov Wisdom. Tommy Dodd rhymes wit quod. Wots Bkum ov the Labor daily papur as wor tu start wid tho Now Yeer? lusted, wo now hav four liltlo bummin weaklies eotch Blaugwhackiu the udirs, and kruckiu up its oan push as tho best Labur kaudidatos. Tho poeple that protiuds tu B ablo to saivo this grate laud havn'b yet boon ablo to run a littel papur no biggor nor The Bued. I think The Burd etaf, whavo shoauo tbo propur abilly- ' tea far tbat, shud be sent iuto Parlymiut. Wudnt thoy loot tho Treahoory ? The Daley Post Gov up tbo ghost Before 'twas even hatched. ICsymab won't strive To make tt tlud-ro, Till Labor's split is patched. Labur Day was sollobratod by a push -who. nobs little of Labur okaopt tho kurd labur of " stir." At won tyme they tliawfc a meot oeting people kudu't prodjooce grato singurs, and 'twas notisd in Italy and Norway that the grate siugur3 kom fruin tbo koru distrikts. But Horsotraylia bos cbaugd awl that.- We R a meet ootiu poeplo, and kun nock spots off the wurld wit our grato artists. Thin Ink at awl the sheep's livurs I giv the Offis Kat, and she's tho boss soprano ov thim awl. She kan nook spots orf Madum Molba. No wundor this kuntry is going to boll and roone. Won dui Dibbs grumbols abowt not beiu abel to get a gud Borvant, aud nekst dai wo sellobrato tho opouin of a Woman's Kollodgo. Tbayro's nuthink moare disgustin than the wumman wliu noiis trigonomotry and kan't put a patoh iu tho soot ov bur olod man's pants. The hiro edukashun ov wamin is likely to land hur in the gutter. If this fooleroo abowt wumman's rongs golis ou mutch longer, man shud briug hur tu hur sinsos, bi not shoutiu theetros or dresses fur hur, but trcot hur as an oekwil, aud lot bur paddol hur oau kanoo. Tho RooBter liaz bin roodin Mrs. Mannington Caffin's " Yollow Aster," aud soz it awl shohs how a shomailo wor keurod ov nil these clam noashuns bi bavin a baby. But the Old 'Un soz 'twud rekwire mutch moral kuridgo. Tho man who prides himself on beinqf a sportsman', or a follower of any kind of outdoor pastime, and who doesn't road tho Referee is ten years behind the times. The Referee cutors for ovory branch of sport, and its reports and artiolos aro w ritton by sportsmen who are exports at I he game thoy write about. Concealing vice is like covering up putrescent matter, whilo exposing vice gives au opportuni ty for tho application of disinfectants. Response will be well backed for tho . Royal Stakes. 