THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRA.DDON. CHAPTER VI. UBQUHABT OONSrDEES HIMSELF lLWSED. That suggestion of a possible marriage had stirred the waters of Marah in Brandon Mountford'a memory. In eve# man's mind there is some Marah-pool which needs but a breath to dieturb its bitter waters. With him present consciousness that it was there, a silent sorrow, which made his life different from the lives of other young men. The fear of hereditary madness was the shadow that wrapped him round and set him apart from mon of bis om age and circum stances, and hemmed him in with considera tions which but rarely block a young man's pathway. Ho looked baok to night in the solitude of hiB bedroom at Ellerslie, with the Gothio oasements flung open to the soft spring night, and with all the waste of dark waters stretch ing far away to the distant silvety line that marked the horizon, touched with starlight. He looked baok he often looked, and remembered hie solitary childhood with his father's mother, old Mrs. Monntford, widow of General Monntford, who bad fought in Arthur Wellesley's Indian campaign. He remembered that sad childhood, bis father away in India, a captain of engineers under Sir Robert Napier; his grandmother,a gloomy woman, evangelical, with pinched means and a bitter sense of disappointment in her only son, despondent alike of the here and the Here after. He remembered bow when he was between fourteen and fifteen he had been sent from Wellington College to a bouse at'High gate to see. bis dying mother, tbe mother: whose faoe be had never looked upon within his memory. A lucid or semi-luoid interval .had marked the ebbing away of life, and she had entreated to see her son, her baby, as she called him piteously. The tall lad Btood beside her bed, balding her waeted hand in his, looking down at her with tearfnl eyes; and her first impulse had been to repudiate him. "Who is thiB great boy ?" sbe asked. ''Mine was a litis baby." _ Tbe nurse tried to explain to her, but she did not listen to tbe explanation. Sbe was looking at the boy's faoe, and that told her more than anything tbe nurse could say about tbe years that bad gone and tbe changes made by time. "Yes, yes, you are my boy," she ciied. " You have your father's eyes. Where is he —where is my husband ? Why doesn't be come tome? He is very unkind—everybody is unkind." The lad stayed at the doctor's house until all was over, and saw much of bis mother in those last few days—thoBe slowly closing hours of life during which her mind was clearer for brief intervals than it had been in all the melancholy years since ber son's birth. From doctor and nursesJ,he eon beard tho history of those long years of ecolusion; her delusions, her fancies, tho gleams of reason, the sad periods of utter darkness. He saw tbe rooms in which she had lived, brightly furnished, home-like, comfortable even to luxury ; and he understood bow the absent husband had considered and cared for his helpless wife, shirking no outlay that coi Id 'ensure her well being. He walked in the garden where she had walked, a spacious, old-fashioned garden where the trees and shrubs and bolly hedges had been growing for more than a century, and from which he oonld see the great city veiled in its smoke-curtain, vague, formless, mon Straus. He walked there full of melancholy thoughte. The poor mother—all his life long a prisoner within those narrow bounds. No, not quite a prisoner. She had been allowed carriage airings whenever her condition per mitted her being taken out of doors—carriage airings in the custody of a madhouse nurse. She had been no better otT than a State prisoner at best. Years afterward, when he saw the rocky island of St. Marguerite, and the prison in which the Iron Mask eudured so many years of silent solitude, his thoughts went back to the bright little sitting-room at ■ Highgate, and the sunny garden above the great smoke-bound City. Those few days at Highgate made a crisis in young Brandon Slountford's youth. He went back to Wellington an altered being, and masters and boys were alike struck with the change which his mother's death had made in him. It was odd that he should take his loss so deeply to heart, they said, since he h ad seen very little of his mother—a confirmed invalid. Over Brandon's life henceforth there brooded the shadow of a dark fate. He had talked to tlie doctor at Highgate, had pressed him closely upon the question of hereditary lunaoy, had enquired into the nature of hie mother's malady, and had discovered that the mental flaw had first Bhowed itself in the form of epilepsy, from whioh she bad suffered as a young girl, but having, as it was supposed, entirely outlived the tendency to that terrible disease sho and her parents had kept that dark expe rienceof ber girlhood a secret from her buBband and hiB family, an offence which old Mrs. Mountford had never forgiven. Over him, too, hung that horror of possible epilepsy. He brooded on this possibility, and magnified its horror as only youthful imagina tion can. He thought of himself as a creature apart from bis fellows, marked with the signs of a revolting disease. When the fifth chapter of the Second Bookof Kings was read in Ohuroh he cohipared himself with Na&man;, the leper; but, alas! the age of miraculous oures was past. There was no river in which he could wash and be free from the tendency that was in his blood—the awful heritage from his dead mother. He exaggerated all his boyish ailments, saw in every headache an indication of impending evil. It may have been by reason of these gloomy thoughts and oppressing fears, or it may have been that bis fears were rightly grounded, and that the fatal tendency was latent in his constitution that the dreaded evil happened. He was nearly eighteen years of age when the first attack occurred. The foul fiend of .epilepsy seized upon him one evening in the school ohapel, rent and tore him, and left him shattered and weakened, with a dull despair in his heart. Henceforth he knew himself doomed. One after another thesehorrible convulsive seizures would tear at brain and body until reason would be wrecked in the struggle, and madness would close the Boene. As it had been with his mother, so it would be with him. He gave np all idea of the army. He went to Cambridge, worked hard there, and in his three years of University life had only that milder form of epileptic Boizure which Frenoh physicians call " le petit mal," in contradistinction to the severe and convulsive type, or " le grand mil." Sometimes in his rooms, with his books open before him, or on the river, the sculls in his hands 'moving slowly with measured heat, there would be a sudden lapse of consciousness. He would go on rowing, perhaps, with a mechanioal motion; or the sculla would cease to work, and the boat would drift with the tide for a little way, the man sitting there lost [ to the world around bim, knowing nothing \- till tbe slow awakening as from a tranoe, l with the knowledge that he had lost himself, j that in those few minutes reason and memory had gone. . - The oonsoiousness of this malady darkened those years whioh should hare been so full of pleasantness; but he managed to take his degree and to oome out of the examinations creditably, to the delight of his father, who enjoyed a year's furlough in his son's sooiety, travelling through France and Italy. At Brindisi father pud son parted—on board a P. & O. steamer — parted never to meet again.on earth, for within a few months of rejoining his regiment Major Monntford died of jungle fever, and Brandon was lord of him self and of a email income. The first use he made of bis independence was to shake off the trammeUof civilization and to set his face towards the wilderness. His doctor at Cambridge had told him that his best ehanoe of warding off future attacks and of outgrowing his malady would be found in a free, adventurous life—sport, travel—under God's open sky. Muoh learning was a thing for him to avoid; nor would he be wise in going to the Bar, orin taking up medioine as a profession! He had etayed at Cambridge and worked for his degree only to gratify his father. He bad no ambition of his own in assooiation with tbe civilized world. If he were to go through life torn by devils, let the tormentors oome upon him in the desert where there would be none to see him in his agony, or at least no one whose scornful pity could Bmite him to the quick. His life in the wilder ness had been on the whole a happy lite. Hie love of eport and adventure haa grown and strengthened with the growth of his ekill as a marksman and his acumen as an explorer. Not often bad bis hereditary malady overtaken him In the midst of bis wanderings, but he had not been altogether free from suoh visitations, and he knew that the fatal tendency was etill unconquerod, an enemy kept at bay for the most part, but not beaten. What assurance had he that epilepsy might not sooner or later develop into dementia, as in the oase of his mother 1 "~ Sir Joseph had'not even hinted at his idea of Mr. Mountford as a.husband for Marie ; so there had been no harm done, thought the old. man as he refleoted upon last night's conversa tion with his guest, while he took hiB morning walk on the terrace before the 9 o'clock break fast. Brandon had started for the river some hours before, hiving risen at dawn ; but he and the keoper had gone down to tho stream alono, Urquhart pleading a headache as a reason for staying indoors. Marie Arnold appeared on the terrace, look ing bright' and fresh in her pink cotton frock and black silk apron, soon after 8, and joined Sir Joseph in his walk. "A long letter from Sibyl," said the old man. " She is coming biok early next week. Her cough has quite gone, and she is pining for home. You'll be glad to have her back again, won't you, Marie?" " Very glad. Ellerslie is not Elleralio with out her." " And about this time next year she will be getting herself ready for the first May Drawing room, and then good-by Ellerslie, and good-by girlhood,"said Sir Joseph with a sigh. "She will be b wallowed up alive in the fashionable whirlpool, and you and I will lose our hold upon her." "I am nob afraid of that. Sir Joseph. I don't think anything the world can do will ever change her." "Well, perhaps you are right. Her mother, passed through the ordeal, unchanged.. She was in the world, but never of it. She wab like that young woman old John Evelyn waB eo fond of, who wont dancing through the fiery furnaceiof Court life, play-acting and singing, and waiting ujton the Queen, and talkihg to the King, in a eociety where half the women wers—unmentionable, and yet remained a saint to the last. All, mo! Sweet Mrs. . Godolphin died in the bloom of her youth and . beauty, like my dear wife. Well, Marie, we must reconoilo ourselves to the inevitable. Sibyl's schoulrooni days are over, and you are no longer a young girl. You must marry, my dear. We must find a good husband for you." " Please do not try to anticipate Destiny, Sir Joseph," said Marie, with a little nervous laugh aud a very vivid blush. " If Providence means me to marry the husband will appear in due time, and in the meantime I shall be quite content to live my own quiet life hero with old Mrs. Morison whilo you and Sibyl are in London." " And you will not think yourself hardly used—you won't think it hard that Sibyl should have all the pleasures the great world can gi vewhile y ouaro buried in this dull country home." " Whatright have I to envy Sibyl her life? I ought to feel nothing but gratitude for your goodness to my mother and to me. If you had made me a servant I ought to have been con tented." "Don't Mario, don't! You pain me when you talk like that. I want you to be happy, independent, assured of a bright future. I want you to feel that you have a claim upon me—a strong claim—that you are as much to me as an orphan niece could be more than a niece — almost as much as a daughter," added Sir Joseph, his eyes dim with tears. " You are all goodness to me. I have had more affection from you than I ever had from my mother, aad Sibyl has been all a .sister could be. Do you think I am going to com plain because her lot is to be in the great world and mine out of it ?" " You are a Rood girl, and your lot may be happier than hers perhaps. Whooan tell?" Life went on very quietly at Ellerelie after this conversation between Sir Joseph and his adopted daughter, but that idea of finding a husband for Marie Arnold was still uppermost in his mind, and he wasatartled when Hubert Urquhart qarae to him in his study two days later and confessed devoted aSeation for Miss Arnold, an attention which he only waited Sir Joseph's oonsent to declare to the young lady. "What! Have you said nothing to Marie about your feelings ?" asked Sir Joseph. " Nothing definite. I may have hinted at the state of the oase. It has been hardly possible for me to be in her society and not let her see that I adore her." ' " And how has she taken your bints or your adoration?'.' \- "She is an enigma to me, Sir Joseph. Yet I can but think if I had your approval—if you showed yourself. really in favour of our marriage—she would not look unkindly upon me." "Oh, you thinkefae would not objeet if I urged your -suit. Well, Mr. Urquhart, I'll be frank with you, and confess that you are about the last man I would ohoose as a husband for my adopted daughter. I may as well oall her my adopted daughter, for I have all a father's affeotion for her." "I am kssured of that, Sir Joseph," said Urquhart; "but I am at a loss to understand your objection to me as a match for a young lady who, I am informed, is the daughter of a working man who .was in your employment in Belgium, and who therefore would make some advance in the social scale if she became the wife of ah Earl's younger son." "'■'True hearts are more than coronets," Mr. Urquhart. "Tourlineageis unobjeotion able; but I oannot say as muoh for your oharacter or anteoedents." " I may have gone the paoe a little," admitted Urquhart; "but I bare sown my wild oats." ."It is rot your wild oats I am thinking about so much as the oharacter of the sower, answered Sir Joseph gravely. "I have heard I stories of yonr unkindnsss and neglect as a husband, Mr. Urquhart. Forgive me if I say that you have not a good oharacter from your last plaoe. 1 hare been told that your wife died of a broken heart." " Then you have been told lies,' Sir Joseph. Society seldom forgives a man who marries out of its ranks. I married a oountry parson's penniless daughter; and any unhappin'esa there may have been in her life was the result of oiroumstances over which I bad no control. Were I to marry yoor adopted daughter I conclude you would make a settlement Which would secure her from the pinch of poverty, and which might help me to carve out a career for myself, either in politics or at the Bar." " I would do much for a man she could lore, and whom I could trust," replied Sir Joseph, gravely. "No question of money should stand between her and happiness. But, to be frank with you once more, you are by no means the man I would choose." "I understand," said Urquhart, pale with anger, yet trying to be courteous. "You have made your choioe already perhaps. Mr. Mountford is the man you would prefer ?" " Mr. Mountford is out of the question. He is a bachelor by inclination, and is bent' upon a raving life in South Africa." "Perhaps, Sir Joseph, after your frankness —which implies a considerable prejudice against me—I had better pack my portman teau and leave the Balmon to more favoured anglers. I have no right to ioflicb an unwel come guest upon your family cirole." " Don't talk nonsense, man. I may object to you aa a husband for an impulsive, inez-' perienoed girl; bub that's no reason why I should turn you out of doors. Stop as long as y/ou like, only give Marie no more hints of your adoration. I hare an idea that ebe is tolerably heart-whole so far as you are con cerned." Urquharb did not order the packing of his portmanteau. The salmon river was very attractive at this season, and it would not have suited his plana to leave Ellerelie, above all to leave Brandon Mount ford master of the situa tion ; for let Sir Joseph say what he would, TTrquhart thoughtthat Mountford's pretensions would be favoured. Mountford's family was as good as his—Urquhart's—and Mountford's antecedents offered no ugly blots to the enquiring eye. Ho had done well at the University. He had never made himself notorious by riotous living or debt. He had won renown as a fine shot and a sagacious ex plorer, and had lately published a record of his travels which had been praised by the critics and appreciated by the public. In such a man as this Urquharb saw a dangerous rival. He saw, too, that Marie was interested in Mountford, and that it needed but some show of sympathy on his part to win her heart, nere, however, he was puzzled. Mountford seemed careless of charms which kindled Urquhart's warmest feelings. Was this cold ness simulated, the mask of some deep design, or was the man really indifferent? Urquhart watched him closely, and could surprise no touch of tenderness amidBt his unvarying cour tesy; yet hie. own natural bent towards dissimulation inclined him to believe that { Mountford was only masking his batteries. There are some women who only care for the unattainable, and it might be that Marie thought all the more of Mountford because she had been unable to subjugate him. Urquhart had tried the other plan and had failed igno urniously. ! Mountford had been nearly three weeks at Ellerslie and seemed to have interwoven him self into the family life. Sir Joseph had taken a cordial liking to him, and it was_ the thoroughness of the old man's friendliness ! whioh induced him to protract his viBit much j beyond his original intention. "1 don.'t koow what we shall do without you when you leave us," said Sir Joseph. " We shall miss him sadly when he goBB ; shan't we, Marie?" He did not see Mario Arnold's vivid blush as she bent over the newspaper she had been reading, and he thought her answer was cold and oareless. And then he remembered Brandon's determination to remain unmar ried—a resolve thgfr was perhaps over scrupulous, since his mother's sad malady might have bequeathed no fatal taint to him— and he thought ib a merciful dispensation that Marie Arnold should be oareless and indifferent. It was after 7 o'clock when Mountford came home that evening. He had been for a long and lonely ramble over the moors, glad to escape from Urquhart's society even at the aacriBoe of Bporb. Urquhart's conversation was the essence of worldly wisdom of the streets streeby; and a man who has spent his happiest years in the lonely places of the earth, and has communed with God and Nature under tropical stars does nob find much ealt or savour in the petty gossip of olubs or the intrigues and money troubles of men about town.. "I never knew suoh a fellow for not being interested _ in things that interest other men," said Uroubart discontentedly, when one of bis choicest aneodotes had fallen fiat. "I don't believe you care even for the turf." "Not a jot," answered _ Brandon. "I admire a racehorse because he iB the perfection of blood and speed, not because be can win a cup." "Your indifference makes you very bad oompany," grumbled Urquhart. "We can't all shoot lionB." To-day Brandon had bathed his soul and senses in solitude, and ha felt all the better for the long ramble in the wild, bleak oountry. He had seen Dunluoe Castle afar off, tall and grey above the ridge of the moor, and he won dered idly whether he would over see it ! nearer, and what kind of a man its owner, Urqubart'e elder brother, might be. And now in tbe fading light he walked up the bill and by the winding shrubberied road that led to Ellerslie House. A carriage was driving a little way in front of him as he passed the lodgegate. It disappeared at the first turn of the road, and be thought no more of it until he saw it standing before the porch, while a footman bnsied himself in oarrying various artioles of luggage, handbags, books, um brellas, and suoh small deer into the hall. From the hall name a sound of voioeB, Sir Joseph's strong baritone, and a girlish voioe whioh was like music, so low and sweetly toned. Could it be the daughter of the house ? Brandon went into the hall feeling shyer than he had ever been in his life before. In those last days of confidential -intercourse in Italy, when the father and son had talked together as man andignan, Walter Mount ford had told his son that pathetic story of a hopeless love struggled -against valiantly and never revealed. The thought that he was going to see the daughteri®f~ the woman: hie father had loved thrilled him strangely.: ! He had been told that Sibyl was like her mother, and it was with a feeling almost of awe that ho approached the girl of eighteen. He remembered an old photograph grey and faded, a poor little photograph taken on thebeaohat fiognor by an itinerant photo grapher—the portrait of a girl in a broad brimmed hat and an old-fashioned frook, but with oh, so sweet and delioate a oountenanoe —features so refined in their chiselling, such lovely lines of chin and throat, and such a slender, graceful figure! His father had taken that poor little photograph from hiB despatch-box. It was on glaBs, and it had aooompanied him all over India without coming to grief; and from the shadow laud of death and vanished years the young face had looked at Brandon dimly, like a very ghost. ' \ es, there were the same features, the same gracious lines, the same soft depth in the dark grey eyes that were looking at nim now. "Hullo, Mountford," cried Sir Joseph, gaily; " the master of the house has come home. No more lax behaviour now! We shall have to mind our manners. Come and be introduced to my tyrant." Sibyl held out her hand to him in the frankest, friendliest way. "I am ever so much obliged to you for helping to keep father in good spirits," she said. 