:A FALSE ELOPEMIENT. CiiAPTEiR VII. IT would be impossible to describe the wonder and excitement which the news of Miss Knightloy's elopement ctused. Richard Beaumanor, maddened by jealons rage, called at the Chase, and when the butler informed him that Mrs. Olayton was too ill to see visitors, he took up his station in thie lhall, xe fusing to leave tho house without lirat seeing its mistroes. This being rc ported to Mrs. Clayton, she consented, though with fear and trembling, to grant the yong man an interview. The spacious apartment is lit only by the leaping flames of a wood fire. Mrs. Clayton, wrapped in a fur trimmed volvet tea-gown, is loaning back in the depths of a great arm chair, and the flickering fire-light glanoing on her face shows plainly how haggard and drawn her dainty loveliness has become. Scareooly less ghastly does Riohard look, as he follows the butler into the room, and the heavy door closes boe hind him. His face is worn, and his dark eyes heavy, and even her grief cannot blind Mrs. Clayton to the change which a few days of anguish have wrought in her daughter's gal lnt lover. Richard is the first to break the silence; his eyes, stern in their fierce anger, rest upon the other's troubled face; his voice is low and bitter, as he asks: "Where is Cecil, Mrs. Clayton ? " "Have you not heard; has no one told you of the disgrace which that wretched girl has brought upon me ?" sobs Katherine. "I have heard that my promised wife has left her mother's roof clan destinely with Captain Vivian, and I have come to you for an explanation of her unparalleled treachery towards me I" "What explanation can I give, Riohard; how could I help what has occurred ?" wails the unhappy woman; " do you not see that the misery of this horrible affair is killing me ? By this time Cecil is doubtless the wife of Captain Vivian; she went with him willingly." "Willingly C" cried Beaumenor, fieorcely; " surely not willingly 1 Do you know so little of Cecil as to be lieve that P Of course he would not use force," with a harsh laugh, "but who can tell what fanoiod cause she may have had for that rash act. How he worked upon her misery, her lone liness, her wretched lifo at home, until he persuaded her that to ac cept his offered love was the easiest way to escape from her dead father's house, which your husband has made a very hell to her I She has broken my heart and ruined my lifo for me; but I know who is morally guilty of the wrong she has done." "You are very cruel, Richard," " Cruel I It is you who have been cruel, Mrs. Clayton. You parted me from Cecil to please your husband, who doubtless wished that her fortune might pass into the hands of his gambling brother officer. I would have taken my darling penniless, homeless. Ah! if Icouldfind her and bring her back before she beeame Vivian's wife, I would forgive all the wrong she has done me; my name should be her shield, my arm her de fence against a world's scorn, a parent's cruelty. My love for her has been no passing fancy ; it has grown for years, as I have watched her pass from child to woman ; but, so help me, heaven, Inover loved her so dearly as I do now that we are parted perhaps for ever." Mrs. Clayton's worldly heart was touched. "She is not worthy of so much de votion, Riohard; take my advice, try to forgot Cecil; do not lot your life be shadowed by the memory of a woman who was unable to value the gift of a heart like youre." "I cannot help it," he rejoined, sadly; "I can no more help loving Cecil than I can help breathing. My love is deathless; one thing alone re mains for me to do. I shall seek her out, and from her own lips hear the reason of her conduct, and then, if, as I strongly suspect, Captain Vivian and your husband have lhad any hand in her treachory towards me, lot them lookl to themselves, for, by heavenou I they will get no mercy from me I And now, will you toll me all you know of Vivianu's probable destination. You can surely trust me, Mrs. Clayton," " Yes, I suppose so," she answered, doubtfully; then, rising, she took a paper from her davenport. "This is the letter which Cecil dropped when she was getting into the carriage on that unlucky evening; Miss Norria brought it to me ; you will see by it that their destination was London." Richard took the letter, and, with brief leave-taking, quitted the apart moent. Another week had gone and 1r. Beaumanor had returned to the Abbey after a fruitless seareh for Oeoil and Captain Vivian at all the letter's usual haunts in London. He could hear nothing of the fugitives, and anxious and broken- hearted he is lingering over his almost untasted dinner, whon the butler enters and informs his mnaster that Paddy is anxiously asking to soee him. "I told him yoi wore at dinner, sir; but the poor follow was so press ing-said it was something of the greatest importance which he had to tell you--that I did not like to send him away." "You were quite right, Gibson," said his master; "send Paddy in at Once." The butler retired, to return * ushering in a queer visitor enough, but one well known in that part of the country. A tall, raw- boned man, nearly sixty years of ago, with a bronzed, weather-beaten faceo, kindly grey eyes, quiet and bright, but be traying by their vacant oexpression that their owner "was not all there," as the cosntry peoplo said. Ho wore leather breeches, a pair of mneb patehed " tops," and a scarlot hunting coat, stained to a deep purple by ex posre to tho weather. In his hand he carried a battered velvet cap. Paddy wsw sc well known as the nobhE raoue.r of the hounds him self. No moot was ever com. pleto without the presence of the half-witted Irishman, who, with surprising speed, raceod over hedges, through ditchles, and across country, in the wake of the hounds, meeting with much kindness, as well as sub stantial help, from the members of thie hunt, who, like the nobles of old, with their favored jesters, humored his weaknesses, and encouraged him in his half-rambling, half-witty talk. Benamanor nodded kindly to the Irishman, whose face wore a puzzled, anxious expression; heo took the chair placed for him by the butler, and accepted the glass of wine which Rlichard poured out without speakling. At last, the door having closed be hind Gibson, he asked abruptly, with a curious twinkle in his eye, " where is the bonnie lady who used to ride the bay hunter alongside your honor when weo weore cub- hunting last year 1" Mr. ecaumanor started; Paddy's rambling talk had usually much method in it, so he passed over what from another man would have savored of impertinence, and answered quietly : "She has left this part of the country, Paddy." "Ay, your honour, so I've hoard; they were saying in the field to-day that she's gone with Captain Vivian to London. I hold my tongue, but I thought if that be true 'tis since yesterday that she's gone." " With every pulse beating madly Richard asked, "Yesterday, Paddy? What makes you think so ? Did you see Miss Knightley yesterday ?" "Ave it wasn't her, sure it was her ghost, yer honour, that I saw beyant the fir spinnoy on gallow-tree hill; you mind where that is, many a fox we've found there, praise the Lord I " " What, in heaven's name do you mean, Paddy ? Try to to tell me plainly what you saw," the young man asked in uncontrollable exoite mont, " Well, yer honor, tie just this. About ton days ago I'd got the restless fit on me again ; it was an off day, so I thought I'd go to the old places for a ramble. Everybody was glad to see me, and the cottagers, pDDor things, gave me of their best. I told them my stories, and sang the old songs, and it was getting on to esundown as I crossed the gallow-tree hill. I made for that empty old house boyant the spinney. Sure, I thought I'd sleep easy in one of the out houses. Well, your honor, just as I got alongside of the gate, a car riago, drawn by a pair of reeking horses, was driven up to the front door. ' What's up now ?' thinks I, and I sneaked through the tangled brushwood to a spot where I could see the entrance of that accursed old house. Just as I got there a lady was getting out of the carriage, a lovely creature-like an angel from Paradise -but hr sweet faeso was white and troubled, the like I had never seen it before, for, as true as you and I sit here, sir, 'twos Miss Knightley I saw entering that ghastly house." " Who was with her?" gasped Richard. " Twas a groom chap, sir; he went into the house after her, and I heard the rattle of the rusty chains and bars as he locked the heavy door upon the sweet young creature. Then the other man who we.s with the carriage whipped up his horses, and drove quickly away. Oh, it's sick and bad 1 was to see the young lady entering that gruesome house alone like, and in sore trouble." "She weont willingly ?" Richard asked. "Oh, ay, sir, willingly enough, it seemed to me, but in sorrow, for all that." "You said you saw her yesterday ?" Beaumanor went on. Ho was very white through the bronze of his skin, as he rose and rang the bell. "Yes, your honor. I was uneasy; my mind was filled with the horror of it-that pretty lady, in that haunted old place-alone, perhaps; and so the Blessed Virgin put it into my heart to go round there yesterday, and as I watched the house-to think of it Il only toI think of it I-I saw a figure standing at a barred window in the third storey, wringing its hands. Oh I your honor, what are you going to do ?" For Richard had reached down a brace of revolvers from a stand of arms, and was busy loading them. "I am going to resoue Miss Kaightley from a villain's power, Paddy," he replied, sternly. Then, as the butler entered: "My hat and overcoat, Gibson," he said, "and order round the brougham immedi ately, and tell Sykes to harness the roan horses, and come himself." The well-drilled butler allowed no expression of surprise at the unusal order to cross his face, but retired to execute his master's commands, and in a few minutes Mr. Beaumanor's carrinage, with Paddy on the box, rolled rapidly out of the entrance gates, and took the road to Gallow-tree _Hill. It was an intensely dark night, the rain falling heavily, undisturbed by a breath of wind. Richard sat listening, with throbbing pulses and brail on fire, to the heavy splash, splash of the rain, and the distant, hoarse murmur of the river, swollen by the late winter?? storms. "If they have hurt a hair of her head," he muttered, as he grasped his revolver-" oh I my darling, shall we reach your acoursed prison-house too late I" At length the carriageo left the road, and turned into the dilapidated iron gates, which formed the entrance of the forsaken, murder-haunted dwell ing, which Captain Vivian had taken, and wheore he had secured his prisoner. The coachman pulled up at the ball.doors, and Paddy, dismount ing from tihe box, opened the carriage door. "Are we in for a row, think you, eir ?" grasping his trusty stilck as he spoke. "Holy onints! to think of it; 'tis nearly five years since I had a fight. Are we to begin, or lot them ?" "For heaven's sake, Paddy, keep quiet; I am glad you are with me, but remember, use no violence if it canU possibly be avoided." Paddy looked intensely disap pointed, and followed Mr. Boeaumanor I to the hall-door. The eoind of the bell, pulled by Richard with no gentle. hand, echoed through the empty house; they waited a few minutes, but no one came; again Richard rang the boll, still with the same result. "Begorra, sir, can they have taken the lady away 2" said Paddy. Richard's heart sank, but at that moment the door was opened about a couple of inches and the faeoo of Cap tain Vivian's valet appeared in the aperture. " What is your pleasure, sir 2" he asked, as composedly as if Mr. Beau manor had come to pay a morning call. "I wish to see your master," the other replied. "Captain Vivian is in London, sir," the valet answered, preparing to close the door. Boaumanor turned a little paler, threw back his head haughtily, while with one hand he kept Paddy from advancing. "I will wait for him," he said, preventing the man from shutting the door. "Impossible," said the valet sneer ingly; "I can admit no strangers during my master's absence." "Paddy," Mr. Beaumanor said, eignifioantly. Then there was a wild rush forward on the part of the Irish man, and in another moment the two men were inside the hall, the soared servant regardi-g the intruders with abject fear written upon his features. "Listen to me," began Mr. Beau. manor; but as the man still enode voured to bar his way, Paddy pushed forward. "Stand bsok, and give his honor here fair play. You call yourselfan Englishman, and keep the swate young lady a prisoner here l I'll fight you with all the pleasure in life I Come on I" He brandished his fisats; but Richard seized him by the shoulder and pulled him bask. "Listen, Paddy; we want no fight ing; do you remain hero, and keep that man from following me, whilst I search for Miss Knightley." " Sba'n't I give him the least taste in life of this, sir 2" grasping his stick; " sure, you won't let the blalk guard off entirely, at all, at all I " "He is the least guilty party, Paddy," Mr. Beaumanor replied; " don't let him out of your sight, that is all," and he turned and sprung up the dark, echoing staircase, two stops rat a time. IIHAPTEIR VI. Beaumanor had ascended two flights of bare, uncarpeted stairs, when he paused upon a wide landing, arrested by the slight gleam of a light stream ing beneath a closed door. With heart beating he advanced and softly turned the handle but the door was looked. It was the work of a moment to hurl himself againt the barrier, which gave way, and he entered the dreary room where Cecil was a prisoner. The unhappy girl was crouching over a dull fire, and turned her head swiftly as Richard made a forcible entrance; she lifted her eyes--eosuch hollow, an guished eyes, and, hurriedly rising, came towards him. "Dick I" He came to meet her, and, clasping her in his arms, exclaimed: "Oh I my darling, what cruel torture yours has been; are you not glad to see me, Cecil ? " Then she lifted her white face to his; he felt her tremble and shrink in the close clasp of his arms. " Glad, Richard " she echoed in faltering tones, "I must be glad, but \- " and she broke down sobbing. Presseing her more closely to his heart, showering down kisses on the wavy hair that hid the sweet face, he asked : "Have you no word of welcome for me, Cecil ? " "You have come for me, Dick ?" "Yes, darling; an anocident has to night revealed the secret of your prison. I have found you now, and, by heaven II will never part from you again. No I-" for she was endeavouring to disengage herself from the fond arms which held her you may struggle, but you are mine; through time and through eternity my own to cherish and protect." "I am not fit to be your wife, Richard," very low, from pitifully trembling lips, came the sobbing answer. For one moment a ghastly fear orossed Beaumanor's mind; the next, he was ashamed of the half-formed suspicion. No, he would stake his life on Cecil's purity and goodness I - "No other woman will ever be my wife, sweetheart," he said, fondly; then he sat down upon the shabby sofa, drawing the poor girl close to his heart. "I cannot be your wife, Dick," she said once more; " surely you cannot forgot the barrier which exists between us." And then Richard Beaumanor's fears took a tangible form, and he started up, exolaiming: "Good heavens C eoil, surely you are not that scoundrol's wife ?" "No, oh I no; how could you think I could be so base, so treacherous ? But, Dick, think of the days that I have passed in CAptain Vivian'e house; remember your proud name; the woman who bears it shbould be above suspicion." Sadly and with drooping head she added: "My name is ruined now; he said so; he exulted in the disgrace which heo has brought upon me; I will not let you share it, dear--I love you too well." The lovely mouth trembled and the words died away upon her lips. His only answer was to press his mouth to hers, kissing it to silence. She dropped her head upon his shoulder in utter exhaustion. "If you love me, Cecil, you cannot refuse to become my wife; together we will agree to forgot this wretched time. If you really love me you would not refuse what I ask." "Love you, Dick; ah I you do not know how much. How short a time it seems sineoo I sat here in such utter despair, such loneliness, and now-" And quite worn out by all that she had gone through, proud Cecil Knightlsy broke down, sobbing like a grieving child. Riohard petted and soothed her no if she had been a baby, and by-and-bye, when her storm of grief was over, Beaumanor wrapped her in her fur ceoat, and tenderly guiddd her trembliug steps down the dark staircase. "I have never had one moment's peace sinoe I lost you, Cecil," he said; "or one Ohour's calm sleep, since I heard of your elopement. I shall take you home now; but it will be very few day,' I promise yeou, before I shall go to. Mrs. Clayton and boldly olaim my wife; she will not'refuse me now, I thinlr.'. On entdring the hall, they found Paddy, armed with his stickl, keeping guard over the unluocky valet, who, from his dread of the Irishman's coudgel in the present and hie master's wrath in the future, presented a very forlorn appearance. "Glory be to the saints l you've found the lady, your honor "-then he whispered, as he followed Richard to the hall-door: "Hadn't I better stay behind and give the servant the least taste of this "-grasping his stick-" an gentle hint, like, to leave young ladies alone for the future 2" Boeaumanor smiled and sbhocok his head, and Paddy, much disappointed, was compelled to pocket his wrath and take his place upon the box of the carriage. "I eannot imagine, Cecil," her lover said, ass the carriage dashed towards the Cliass through the driving rain; "where Miss Norris found that letter which she gave your mother." "What letter, Dick ? " asked Miss Knightley, curiously; and then Richard gave his sweetheart Miss Norris's version of Ceoil's elopment. "I always felt she was not true," she said; and then she told Mr. Beau manor the real facts of the ease, adding: "What could have been Bena's motive for aoting so ornelly so deceitfully ?" " She was bribed, of course, my dear," Diok said, ooolly. Now I vwonder by whom ? Vivian, I suppose; and yet he has no money, and it would require a costly bribe to induce your mother's astute companion to run so great a rik.;" "I do not think Captain Vivian bribed her, Richard." "No ? Whom, then do you sue peet? " "I think," said the girl slowly, hesitating a good deal; " that what she did was less a question of money than an acnot undertaken for the sake of a friend." "Cecil then you suspect--" "I had rather keep my suspicions to myself a little while. I will wait before I say any more, even to you Dick," she murmured; and haughty Ceoil, who. had hitherto been remark ably chary of her caresses, nestled her head down upon her lover's shoulder; and Richard, almost wild with joy at a demonstration so far surpassing his hopes clasped her in his arms, and let the subject of Miss Norris and her delinquenoies pass for a short time. (To be continued.) 