ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE, (COPYRI GHT.) COLLEGE JACK. A REIBRKABLE, YET TRUE STORY OF THE Penal Records of Van Dieman's Land. SBy CadP1 I.Y LA CIE CHAPTER VII. "That is a practice we are not al lowed to follow, and besides it would not be just. Some of the worst crim nals we know have turned out really good fellows in service. You can never tell who is likely to be faithful and who treacherous. Mixner served you well for more than a year, and it was only after that scoundrel, College Jack, came to your place that the tragedy was com mitted. I can't even now get at the motive of the crime, though such cool, calculating ruffians must have had a -.a.-otivec-l'm sure. It would be as much as my position was worth though I don't value it much-to go about backbiting the assigned servants. If it were generally done no man could reform," concluded the constable. "That is right enough; but the authorities ought not to send such bloodthirsty ruffians to respectable people. It is bound to lead to misery," interjected John Edwards, With a low laugh the constable pro ceeded to explain that it was not pos sible for the authorities to take such action at the outset with men whom they knew so little about, but his dis course was cut short in drastic fashion by a musket shot, the bullet of which cut into a tree beside which John Ed wards was standing. This effectually terminated the con versation, but the men gave a savage cry of delight for they concluded the stern chase was now almost at an end and they wondered at the cool courage of the two fugitives in throwing down the gage of battle to the five pursuers. At first Edwards thought they were not aware of the numerical strength of the foe, but this idea was in a little time dispelled. In a moment the men had thrown themselves behind cover and the fight was fairly commenced. The puff of smoke which rose about three hundred yards to the cast showed where the enemy was located and quickly the pur suers were converging on the point. " 1We'll never be able to get across to that place," youtng Tom Barrows said, as he crouched beside the con stable. " There is a rent in the rock there twenty feet wide and immeasur ably deep. They have got the advan tage of us in that as wee cannot follow "themllrl;" - ' "Why didn't you tell me about that, Barrows, this morning and I wouldn't have gone in for tossing up the coin. We should have taken the eastern side, you know," came the reply, "Why should we? I think we were very lucky to do as we were led by the shilling, If we had come to the cast these fellows would have shot us down. It was pure luck that enabled us to get to the top of the cliff without being shot. Besides, had we come up on the other side we might have found the foe where we are now, and I don't suppose it makes any difference to a person who has to cross an abyss whether he stands on the east or the west side. r What do you think, Miles ?" "True for you. Perhaps we have done the best, but if these fellows beat a retreat where can they go to ?" replied the official. "I don't know of any place, except the seacoast, and that means passing my house and two other homesteads in Falmouth, They would not do that, and no doubt they mean to die here or put us under. 'they are making a last stand and it is a darned sight better than fleeing night and day before the pursuers. 'I'That must be horrible. I wieuld like to take one or both of them alive, Miles, if I could and ascertain who killed my father and why it was done. Couldn't we manage it some how?" asked Barrows. "I daresay, unless the skunks com mit suicide, and that they are scarcely likely to do. Tarleton comes from a good family I believe, and the idea of dying on the scaffold would not be palatable to him in view of his family' connections, though I think he should ... ..harve._thought.of that years before. .He is a fellow who will hang on to life as' long as possib! and only give up the ghost' when he can't help it. Mixner will not take his own life either to cheat the gallows, so if we play our cards well we miay be able to secure one or both of them alive," responded the constable. As they were speaking the two men had gradually forged nearer the spot whence the shot was fired Irom but so dense was the cover up to the point that there was no chlance of getting a shot at the approaching foe by those on the opposite side of the chasm men tioned by young B3arrows. The next hundred yards, however, was very dif ferent ground. There only an occa sional rock jutted out of the plain and behind these the attackers had to seek cover as best they could. I)uring the advance the constable and Tom larrows keptt within a few feet of eachl other while John Edwards and his two brothers were about ten yards to the south. When the ground be camle mlore open this order was prac tically ulnchanged, and the five men kept on until they were within fifty yards of the chasim. Up to that time not a shot had been exschanged since tl drist solitary bIullet was fired, and the pursuers lhadl almost collle to tile conclusion that lthe fugitives had aban doned their position wihen an incident oecurreu which none of the party for got to the latest day of their lives. The locality on the east side of the aonsa sloped away almost from the great rent which appeared to be struck out of the solid rock. For a space of fifteen feet or more this bare rock ex tended back from the gulf, and as the men were crawling forward a solitary figure appeared on it. For a moment Tom Barrows and the three brothers stared at the figure as though it were a phantom from another world, and then with a wild cry Barrows jumped from behind the rock where he lay and rushed towards the abyss. The con stable, seeing what occurred, lay in his ambush and levelled his rifle over the rock, but he had scarcely done so when a second report was heard from the op posite side of the barrier-a puff of smoke rose almost in the same spot as the first one and as Griffin looked Ihe saw Barrows stagger and fall. " What in the name of all that's good does it mean ?" the oflicial said, as simultaneously with the fall of the young man the brothers sprang from their cover and with vengeful cries ad vanced. The constable was the only man who did not lose his senses, for as the three young fellows advanced he saw Mixner come to the edge of the scrub and resting his musket on a log began to aim. Miles Griffin was too quick for him. Before Ihe could pull the trigger the rifle of the constable cracked and the bullet with unerring accuracy imbedded itself in the fore head of the bushranger who with a last convulsive movement pulled the trigger of his weapon as ihe fell back but it ex ploded harmlessly in the air. At the same moment the form of Mary Edwards, for strange to say it was her, retired into the scrub while her brothers stood waving their arnts fran tically on the edge of tihe chasm and calling on her by name. It was no wonder they had temporarily lost their senses for the spectacle of their only sister in the company and the power of the slayers of her father and the assas sins of her. lover, to say nothing of the dreadful night of the tragedy, almost paralysed them. What could it all mean they were mentally asking themselves as the voice of the constable fell upon their ears warning them to be careful and seek shelter as Tarleton was yet to be rec koned with. They heeded hlim not, and the official seeing his entreaties were in vain made his way to the spot 1 where Tom Barrows had fallen. -He was stone dead and the constable al most gave 'a sigh of relief as he re cognised the fact. "Poor fellow ; it is better it should be so. The thought of his future wife in the power of that double- dyed ruflian would cause any well meaning man to go mad. -Ie is out of his misery, and the fellow who did the merciful act will never have to dance on the end of a rope," he went on, grimly. "But what on earth can be done! The girl must be saved from a cruel death if possible. I must get her brothers calmed and dis cuss the position," he concluded, call ing again to the young men. This time they appeared to realise the situan tion and the three came towards him, he marvelling that no bullet was sent after them from the other side. John Edwards and his two brothers stopped when they canme to the corpse of their luckless friend, and kneeling beside it the brothers sought to find a spark of life remaining. Whilst they were doing so Constable Griffin knelt behind a rock close by with the muzzle of his rifle across it and watched with the eye of a lynx for any appearance of the foe. He was ready to take a snap shot on the instant: "No enemy showed himself, and after a couple of minutes the brothers left the body and went over to tihe officer. He never before witnessed so extraordinary a change in so short a titme. A look of hopelessness impos sible to describe had settled upon them, and even their very voices were altered. They had lost the vitality which pre viously characterised their spieech and action and now in a kind of dull, apathe tic despair seemed to resign themselves to the inevitable." "You saw her, of course," John spoke in a low tone to Griflin as he came up. "Of course I did," responded the latter, repeating his words, "and now is the time to act. What do you mean, friends, acting as you are doing I We must get your sister from the clutches of that villain and that without delay. We can do nothing for 'poor Tom yonder except to send up for the body. I believe the outlaw can only get down the eastern side of the mount and we must follow. Can we not get round I the barrier ?" and Miles pointed to the chastm. "I don't know. Stay, there is sapas- t sage about a quarter'of 'a_ mile to the north," answered John Edwards, withl a slight gleam of interest. "Come on, then. There is not a momentto be lost. We can talk as we walk, and, look here, don't be exposing yourselves in that manner. Follow me; one dead man is enough surely. If you have any love for your sister shake offthe apathy which is on you and act act, I say I" almost bawled the constable as he hurried on. I-His spirit seemed to be imparted in some degree to the brothers, for as they pushed along the despairing indifference which had hitherto characterised them becameless apparent, and they began to take a mndre common-sense view of I the position. "I have no doubt these two cunning scoundrels must hIave doubled back on ' us somehow and carried asay your I sister by force and I thlink I can tellthe i reason of thre act. They meant to hold her as a hostage for their own lives and ) in case we should come up with them t make a bargain with us by exchlanging their plrisoner for tlheir own lives and 1 liberty. It was a bold plan butt one that will not work. mlixncr is dead or I'tm mtuclh mistaken, and we have only one to reckon with now. It should not Ie difficult to run a solitary outlaw to earth even in these Ilarts. Ily to Iraorrow he shoull be itn our grasp, andt withl God's 1help your sister Imay be safe," Grillin expslained. "I can't malke it out at all, Marv would sacrifice her life rather than aid f the assassins in the least possible mann \- ner, and yet her appearance on the rock to-day lured on Tom Barrows to his death," answered John Edwards in a t gloomy tone. " If men will act like lunatics they t must expect to suffer. H1-ow did the t girl know she was luring anyone on ? Indeed the fact of showing herself I ought to have made those who loved her more cautious and careful of their lives. Dead men cannot rescue dis tressed maidens, you know. II it hadn't been for me one of you would have gone under before Mixner's ttmus ket. You all acted like madmen, and for want of a little coolness poor young Barrows has gone to his grave and can never render the girl help. Don't lose your presence of mind again, friends," moralised tile unimplressiorable ollicial. It was, of course, all very well for the constable to speak as he did, but had he been similarly placed to the four men he might have acted in precisely the same fashion. Indeed on the pre vious night John Edwards had given signal proof of having a cool judgment and a steady nerve. 'They had now reached the far end of the chasm and quickly they crossed and found themsselves on the eastern side. Turning to the south once more they went in the direction where it was ex pected the fugitive and his prisoner or probably victim as the brothers thought-might be found. Tihe con stable had no thought that violence would be offered to Mary Edwards for he was convinced the girl was being kept, as he stated, to if possible save the life of her captor. For once in his life Miles Griffin was woefully mistaken in his ideas and calculations. "See to your tifles, lads. It is just likely we will bring our fuigitive to bay about here, and if lie shows fight we must be ready to act. Barrows wanted him taken alive, but if any of you can draw a bead on him fire and let us end this work. It has gone on long enough, and I have my reputation to look after whilst you want revenge," the constable said, as lie crept cautiously on peering behind every rock and tree likely to afford shelter to a foe. In this way they came opposite the point where the body of Barrows was lying and this ghastly mark gave the constable the clue to where lie was likely to. find the corpse of Ilixner. Extreme care was necessary as if 'Tar leton was in a desperate mood he might be able to shoot down two or three of his foes from an ambush before lihe could be despatched. Fortunately, this deadly alternative did not present itself and in a few minutes they found the body of the bushranger in the spot where it had fallen. The mark on the forehead showed death must have been instantaneous and bore exccllent wit ness to the deadliness of Griffin's aim. A short examination was made of the deceased but nothing was found on the body calculated to throw any light on the events of the past few weeks. They were still shrouded in mystery and they were no nearer a solution than be fore. When the examination was finished the four men began to search the sctub for any marks which mlight show in what direction the surviving bushranger and the girl had gone. In fact it was not without trepidation the brothers looked about, for they expected to lind the dead body of their sister not far away. In their opinion her death was certainl for the disconmfited outlaw would be sure to sacrifice her as the girl might prove a hindrance to his flight. It was not without a feeling of relief the three men finished the quest witlih out finding that which they dreaded and yet expected to discover. Not so with Griffin. lie ran hither and thither until his diligence was rewarded with a sign that told him the fugitives had passed that way. It was a small piece of dress material attdiched to a thorny scrub. The hard ground at the -spot prevented footsteps being distinguished but the crushed leaves and broken twigs proved almost as eloquent. With the acumen of a black tracker the constable led the way, and while the brothers marched one on either side and the other behind him Griffin went silently but surely on. Soon they came to a softer ground and there the direction of the footsteps proved,that the party was on the right trail as the feet pminted downwards and not to wards the chasm as Griffin was half afraid at first they might. It was just possible without the guidance of the footprints that he had struck the trail by which they had ascended the motun tain. With growing apprehension the brothers saw the shadows of nightfall, and when it was no longer light enough to see the track the four men were re luctantly compelled to call a halt and pitch camtp for the night. " I have half a mind to make for poor Barrows's house and clet thetl know there what has happened to him so that the body can be taken down as quickly as piossible. 'Perhaps, too, .I might get some information which would throw light on mny sister's pie sence obn the mount with these mtur derers," said John Edwards shortly after nightfall. " It would almostbe as much as your life is worth to do any such thing, The country between here and the home stead is not very safe, and besides there are three constables on guard there and your first salute would probably be a bullet. If you stay with us we will most likely clear up the mnystery about your sister to-morrow. W\'e are on tihe trail and if it doesn't rain I don't think it is possiblle to miss it. The body of poor lBarrows will not comne to harm be fore ton-morrow--and anylhow thie Inten at thle farmn-house would not go for it tonight. Indeed thley couldn't do so. I cain inderstand yollr impatience, but it is scarcely likely those at lIarrows's place could give you thie informantion you seek. W'ait until to-mnorrow, John, andt I hope all will yet be well," ann swcred the constable. C J 7 ('lo use CoNTvirnUEa,) 