" Fiat justitia runt ca?h?ei..' _ITHE " FRI DAY, JANUARY 2;: 1894, . ofopics of tieWeiek.. To-day has been proclaimed A ,,ppablic and bank holiday. The M1orwell. Cricket Club ar? Idading for the " Journal" Challenge Cup: .' Mr, Joseph 'Buckley hase nowv..syerat milk suppliers. The Jeeraling choir intend holding a service of song in ?Morwell, next month. Party given by Mrs. Johnston held in Ridge Hall,'on. Monday night last. Farmers on time Verribou Park Estate, are securing enlormlnots yields of wheat. Themeettigot the blorwellt concil, to .ave taken place on Thursdayi;, WM le ;. puned''. There are sevcral Important aut ldri (irts. -read them. The Australian Natives AnnualJ' Fte will be held in thi Exhibition btilding to-'day. Tulloch has for sale-Express Waggon, Pole and Shiats, Spring Dray, tRoies, Sewing, Machines, Cheese Color. Tables, Clhir, Letter l'resses, Sshes, Doors. Spring Tretk,n &c;, iADVT. An extraordinary case of sitspeeded animationi occurred at Burton, in. Stafford shire. A gentleman 'nauied Willman had \- a fit, which to all uppeariance resulted fatally. tlis body 'as placedin.a coffin, but three days after his hilppo?ed demise lie revived from the death like trance in a which he hlid lain, just as his funeral was about to start for tile cemetery. .: The Ctnstotus revenue of last tionth liha I exceeded the departmenntal esti.mato" by £3.322. The total revenue co!leoted' wi?a £205,i00, but there wore drawbacks and refunds to the extent of £12,609, so that the net revenue was £190,029,. as against an estimate of £190029. .. a A cablegram front London, appearing ita the " Argus." says-" Th'e Bunk of Auis tralia has given a fortnight's notico of its intention to withdraw front the At sciated Australian. Banks in .Lonion, w- iclh was formed on 15th- Nov~mber, 1875, for the reguilution. of rates of ex change on the colonios - The bank declines a to' sate reasons for the aotion it has taken, but says it is not aggressive. Elizabeth O'Connor, ilnprisonol at Collingwuood for drunkotintss on Saturday, made thIre deliberate attesirpts to commnnit saicile shortly before 8 o'clock on Srinday taornidg, sinig portions of her clothing' and a lhandkerchlief. - A return prepared by- the Customs deparnient shows that during Last year two ateantships untered the port of Meltonurne in' ballast. Their tonnage was ;386, "a d suie of £14 13s was paid in tonnage dtes, and £985 is 4d in pilotage rates. There e were 14 sailing vessels repreaenting 16,614 tons. The tonnage does -altolnted 'to £416 7s, nod the pilotage rates to £628 6s Sl3d. The total revenueo received front the vessels was £1,213. A telegram" froth Hamilton, publishod in the " Argus" says-" Shortly 'before 2 o'clock on Saturday afternoon the Governor and lady Hopetonun arrived here from Caratust- house, where they had been the ghosts of Mr. De Little, for ia few lays. Lady Hopetoun was.driviing a four, in-hand: andl the" governor .wuas ridlin.. SPThey 'stayed aboiut two hoerh, at the Victoria Hotel, where they partook of lunch, and then left:for 2lurndal. On leaving Hamilton the Countess was riding while the Governor drove. Tihe -Vice regal party were travelling privately."' At the qoarterlytinoe'ting'of the central division of the Metropolitan Liceusing Court hiel in Sydney on Monday, 18 lHindoos who applied for hawkers' licenses were refused, tilothogh all..thu Europeans who applied fort.liiensesa,)rero successafl. A,baker named Abel:Andrews, carrying on btlianess at thelcorner of Little George andt Gertrude streets, waks proceeded against,-at the Fitzroy Court on MAonday. for having in his papspsion loaves of bread which were lel?icient in wright,. ;William Boase, inspector of weight and measuresa, deposed that on the 11th inst. hg visited the shop of defendant and wei hed'plto gether 24 loaves, which were foutd to Ie Bloz short in weight. Mr; Lnthiini, the Spresiding justice, said that as this vwas,' the Sfirst ease tinder the art, tli'e J~yencli'woihld F take a'lenient view of it and only impose a fine of £1 Is, being Is per oz., and £2 2s costs. S Astrtiage discovery hIas lien imade in a a beam ftaken from Casey's -Hotel, Georgei alid Liverpool .streets, -Sydney. Th' a premises were dlemolshed a few month r ago, with a view to rebuilding, the old t timter,being soll by antion. One lot, which was knocked down at Gs., incluided an old heam. The purchaser, in sawing up h .the beam, cut through some paper, which a- turned out to be eight bank notes of £211 a each, The notes tiad been let into the e 'beant by an auger hole.. The tinder has 'since received cashl for:the notes. On Friday evening last threet-hildron. Charles Chipper. aged 15, William O ipper. aged nine, and Hilda Chipper, aged ahout six, went out to catch crabs -at Williant Street jetty Pertb. Later on the two boys returned without their sister, aiid tiold their parentd that she went to a tank for a drink. Theigirl did not returns, end heer parents went in search of.heri'and reported the mnattertto the police. Willidmi Chipper Sthen made a statetment to his parents. He said thatwhile' catchling crabs Ilida angere!l Chaur!s and that Charles pushed her into thie water froit: a fat they were standing on. Charles Chipper denied this utatetment iitil the body of the girl had been recoi?ered from under the flat,- he , Jhen adiiltted having pushed her into the -~ater. Charloss Chipper wan snbaequoently arresbed.. to-day the Traralgon Race Club hold 'their meeting.- As will he seen in another ceoltaun the entries and aoceptanees are _ezceedingly good, and in every way the 'nesting promlise' to be a highly aeccces .ot one. The " all- line" tickuts 'which the Rail. 'way department isslied for the Christmas 'and New.Year holidaya yiel'tld lev,-nue to 'te extent of £4,358. The tgtil number 'ot tickets sold wee 1,170. An unfortunate and fatal accident "orccrrred last Saturday, in the neighbour. hood of Craigihburn. Three -gentlemen weit out rabbit shooting when by some 'wayv .a barrel of a gun discharged and ta dgeid tn the head of one of the party, .literally blowing out his brains. On Saturday eveninglait, a few minutes tLa't' the'7.50 train -from Eealesville had 'reached Ringwood station, Ia terrible ex ploeioon occurred whxich shook the earth for aiiles round thel sput and was heard 'for " htil! greater distances. "A' rush was mide for the engine, from -whence the awful ooncnusion lihad come. It was at once seen that the holler had burst.. The' fire m'an was prostrate on the" platform :and "the driver was oroping blindly about with a dangorouo looking wound on hise fore " head. and hie eyes closed wiih dust and blood. 'This formna the eum total of- the 'injuriec caused by an explosion of- such 'iolonce that it might under less fortunate circumstancese lave-caused death to scores. So great-was the force of the explosion. that tie bailer.was turn openalikeo':s.mnch p?iper. One .piece:of the 'boilor plate, ',,ighing'7Twt'wase'fnund 200 yards away h "frrm the line. The-lamnp-room, a emall -wooden structure oppnsite to which -the 'engine was standing was completely .e Samolished. "'The fenceihf"the station-yard was also broken down. "Windows were -roken in -houles miles distant by 'the concussion. -"The pointenian "had 'just -walked passed the engine before .the -acci ent o cause for he adent. No ouse for he ccident can be eassigned so far as inquiries harve gone. 