THE SPEIGHT LIBEL ACTION a TUB SUMMING UP. THE QUESTION OF POLITICAL INFLUENCE. EIGHTIETH DAY. The second trial of the action by Richard Speight, formerly chairman of the Victorian IliiilvviijB Commissioners, against David BJIIH, proprietor of (the Age newspaper, claiming 25,000 damages for libel, was I continued in the Supreme Court yesterday, before Mr Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve. Mr Duffy and Mr Coldham (instructed by Messrs Malleson, England, and Stewart) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Purves, QC, and Mr Deakin (instructed by Messrs Gillott and Bates for the defendant Mr Justice. WILLIAM continued his summing up to the jury, dealing with the question of alleged political influence in the Rail way department He would first refer to those instances connected with concessions to localities, and commence with that of Itoclieatcr gatehouse 'Jins instance might almost be called the Siege of Rochester, or likened to the 55 years' war-it was so to me ndously long A comparatively small amount wits involved, but the question whether the enterance of Nimbin had a (runner in the departing nt The application of the fence to Rochester gatehouse com married in 1879 and! continued until )_»7 J ich suffering Minister refused the applicant n mail line commissioners refused to r coincide r the question , but the agitation and resuming and the matter booked for tour Mr Spi night in a memo spoke of the "u stunt practice" which was bellin brought to bear, and find the solution would be to act a (gatehouse, and in lí>-7 There was a capitulation on the part of the commis- simmers and till the turn done, the Qcr rainstorm Hillturn was alleged to have been promised to pi case Mr Levien, In spite of an mined upon by the traffic supporting and mi various grounds 'and with the use in which Mr Levien wrote that he had been " punched up" about; it by his constituents and eventually Ihn Station will provide I his Honour pointed out the st( pi that led to the railway works at North Monegatta and the Rock Cutting but he,! and as to the correspondence in the future be tween the commissioners and Messrs. M ison and Groom said tion: Hecintd to be a "matter yielding-he did not say improperly o. in the matter of the Rochester gulf home Up to tin i turn the application had always been much and eventually a incomes. evils Line There as soon as finances. were inability the work would be carried out Finally the "note was proceeded against the Allies even the strong protests of both the Irullio and sneering branches, and lecturers of I'lirliiiiiient seemed to have been any in the matter three, limit, Air Mason at "Mund Mr (Groom latterly In speaking of the Laura extra market tram in which Mr fella 1 eil « vi erect read, his Honour pointed out to. it, while the commissioners were in a II alum to do what they liked, they were july telling, no to speak, of the public moneys of the public Large sums of money were trusted to them, and surely it was limit that it was their duty to administer these moneys to the best advantage Kier Hours correspondence the tram was -Family] Hu Marcus Hill station was asked for by Mr Lev n li, M.L.A., and Mr Connor, M 1.0, in ball John traffic manager re Mid against the concession, but corre -pointing was not on the desirability of it shed being, urged by those numbers on behalf of the locality, and the provision was made out of coat of 17s It would be seen that the matter appeared to be hanging fire when Mr livitn wrote asking that it should has done it OIK 6, and it was done the next month r and Mrs UnMeigli train service. in which the a. action of I and mine at chiefly concerned vote Mr hi ya and Mr J. L. Smith, who were continually writing to the commissioners for additional trains and facilities At this time, in 1939, Mr .p she was in England, but the allegation am that there was political influence in the iiipiiriiiutit, and it was immaterial whether Mr Speight was life or not Unit of Mr Hill's letters to the commissioners said, CHU you manage this little matter for me it is of importance just now," and that was a very curious expression 'Jlu traffic manager reported against concessions asked for but Mr -vivs complained that his con -tents nea very indignant at the commits line is not ki i ping their promises as to train heifers 2, and that he had till n b been placed in H false relations with his constituents The result of tin m g stations was that the Great Hall of the requests was ground The locals footbridge was comparatively a small in Uhr in the application for which Sir M Miller Burns, M.L.A., and Mr C I line, M LU, will concerned I his was a very long i -traordinary footbridge over the miller THRILLS, and landing pt districts on a hill footpath with an outlet somewhere in the Orrong. road Mr Speight at first set, in for it in a most nun resonable request, and the officers of the department all re pain it against it on the ground that it would deprecate the value of railway land then it was pointed out out by the appli t inn that li Mr bp eight were in landowner in the aerial ourhood he would think. dif I tenth 1 family Mt Speight decided to build the bridge, on the ground that time his lines had been accustomed to crossing the ruin on land and out the timber and goods of Italy to the in man, and that this was a ihtiKiruui practice, But it must become find that in claiming the land and the l-ooilsyitril the residents were trespassers, and could have been protects it As a fact, people only had to walk about 100 yards further in order to go round by the regular road and was it worth while to spend 1165 on this bridge and at the same time cut up mail which the department owed there, under which the department intended to kill any surplus over the required for station purposes is It was for the jury to say whether there was a line.; viIneli conflict to have been done. The Wilhntiistinvn mci course line, in rela- tion to which Mr. A. 'I'. Clark-, MMLA., took part, was estimated to coat all"'), while it generally cost il0,6cb It w as only one no Uno entitled to lie comttruutrcl without lliouiitltorlty ot I'lirliiituent, that the line was built with otitaiilliority, met in large portion of the cost is paid out of the Inner ninth he. he been up dissipated by l'lirliiiuunt for the totally allies real purpose of the intimate notice all the live apart to Ballarat and Dimboola, line. It was evident that M ilhuinatou n iiteeeoiirse line WOT not part of the Newport to Berliner and Dimboola line, and it was telling no end to the so used the term y. 'I Im Audit Commissioners rich stone The txptuiliiiire, until the reply was made by Mr Labertouche, Secretary for Railways, that itltliuti^li not specially mentioned, the yearswas iitiilitiri'ti to under the New port to Ballarat and Dimboola line. All his Honour malta and HOI That fruit must eleiwtinitlit neill k use, for I'lllinmi he would not have him tim measurer eoeltMpui in their mind when they millions! in the main wall. The next underlie would time was that of the first 100 of the HintliRo evens train, in which Dr cjtiiclt, Mr. hlineKill, and Mr. McColl give the numbers concerned. Time express train VMIH first of all refused by the uiintmssioner- in lbfiD, but those intended iiiiervnweil the eoininiaaionerti, and the train was stunted in 1.87. In this nunn r he would call attention to letter which Mr. .Snelc'ht wrote to the Minwtrrof Railways, and in which he Hill HE of the in the me of running the three express trains from Melbourne to Bendigo, in Hall's Mt, (still li in Tindale wins iiiO.OdO Surely the jury would understand by "net cost" Um mess of outgoings over come, but Mr. caught in his evidence said that that was 'at what he meant by "net coat." All his Honour would any was that he did not jniiltrstuml Mr. h|Hiiilit. When asked why lit mee tied to the request to the the i vinces tram to lit relate, Mr. Speight and his reason ¡viislieimselluri' was uneasiness train In Hal limit, and he theoretic Hendidoouttlit tolmie aliens well, 'Jim a pass to dullness could be "well illegal, betting that was on the over him come to Adelaide, but there was no Mell season in the other cases at, toMmy through Million, he in did not go into that matter at It nulli, They they had all seen the sin non, ninth had, no doubt, but it reported against by one of the officers of the depart but at as on too large a scale, and Had) had it in evident that that the relative merits of the. Hillturn, which cost Minuet), built huge hat um Hythe poor "man of the Miami platform, Korea sons Nathan and his boathouse lane all lots were either instances in which the re "II Sun intervention by members of the situation. He now came to the arrest an shire roads and the Rain Rain Shire roads, and he would only mention two instances of "let and which are construe of el outside the military lines that were not within the station It nicely, but enable the land which the tie partment Imtl taken up. 'the attention of the hill, collided wrote to Mr, Speight in [Justice to the Mirboo road, fund and that 'Dr Ellis, who was then Minister ed Rail ways, had |i.onilnetl in the presence of him (that; -further) rail Mt. Ultu, M A.. at 11d limit at house, that the land should be 'still', in relation to the other Nut menu ">>(1H, Mr (Brooker, McLEAN., level interviewed Mr ¡-.plight, who takes, " Where are we in the matter; We were not erected to multi' wanted ships within the departmental lists" 'then M). Bloom Bind, in the coolest way, " Uli, call them up lovelies to stations " Mr. Speight said he could not do that, as it would he defrauding the public and he would do nothing of the kind Another deputation, introduced by Mr Orofim waited on the commissioners will reference to the making of those you Is but this was no doubt that up to their roads Mr Speight had distinctly declined to take the responsibility of miling them He referred Mr Groom to Mr Gillies refusing to accept Mr Croom s extraordinarily cool proposal as to calling- the rolls approaches to stations ] Eventually Mr Speight so that if Mr Gillieisani tion d thee .pindilureon the roads, with which the clients not had nothing to do he would get the i divers to carry out the work As His Honour understood the matter Mr Gillies did sanction the expenditure of the money which was voted Parliament on the understanding that the shire was to get cup 1 all of tin money from the e open is tun was under tidly afterwards charMe 1 to railway construction and that was till the fortunate part of it It appeared to his Honour the ui 30 far as the in king of the roads was concerned Mr Gillis was re Hpinsible, and his Honour would say here most distinctly that, so far as the plea of justification was concerned the facts showed that Mr bpi light was not responsible for this t perdition but the circumstance that the .»-..iimltluri was charmed to railway construc tion might have missed the critic and the critic might fairly have thought tin before that it had been incurred by Mr Speight for the department It would be a (plea tion for the jury as to whether that constituted fair comment I he Wooraj 1 roads and the Jindivick roads were on the same footing it was Mr Groom and Mr F. J. 'Smith who were concerned in the former roads which wrong little or no value to the community owing to ulm nee of India upon them and no township for them to serve the same unfortunate business he carried about him I xpindttutt» being churned to railway construction His Honour now turned to the interference and illegal in the use of members of Parliament in individual cases -lit existence of this inter- farmer was not dependent on arrival in twice, but was shown in the de pi.ttnH.ntul papers and why should this meet reference have been necessary if all cases had to be dealt with on their merits? In the case of M Auliffe, an employe, who was charged with stealing wine from a truck at Ballarat and was second at need for dismissal and subsequently for a milder punishment, it was quite evident that Mr C E Jones interfered they could not shut their eyes to the fact that in each case the employés ran about to sink the intervention of some member of Parliament If those cases were to be dealt with sold by all exclusively on their merits, while wins the necessity for members of Parliament always to be hunted up and introduced into the arena t His Honour (did not say for a moment that the intervention and appearance of members of Parliament into the arena had an improper effect 'That was a matter for the jury entirely to decide, but he put it to them whether a critic, when he saw that the last thing an employé or any outside person did what they wanted any thing was to hunt up a member of Parlia- lnenttointcrveneon hisbelialf-he put it to them whither n critic under those circumstances might not reasonably come to the conclusion that this intervention was efficacious, even though in point of fact the intervention made no difference ' If so then the criticism was only fair comment Those employes and other people who sought the intervention of ministers of Parliament must have thought then was some virtue in it or this would not have sought the intervention in the matter of J le. man a gold dunn-, his Honour would not say that on the merits the di parliament WHsnotpirfectlyright but the question was whether political m licence was und In the matter Going through the canal they found mein I era of Parliament intervening in the departmental relations with portes station masters, cleaners, shunters, and all sorts of employ in Win should not the imploses make the applications themselves, and not through members of Purliumi in ' laurels tin in must have been a is thus able time was not Bil j up the feeling was justilud-but In re must have been a lb ling abroad that if you wanted ttllsthiiiL, done the best way was to sent a member of Parliament to raise the application for you Why was it that this ghost seems 1 to haunt the department When Mr L, L Jones, M L. A , complained that owing to the regulations he was not allowed to travel like boudoir she ping ear Mr Speight replie 1 Unit in Indinen instructions that time, figurations fired not be strictly enforced In regard to an embers of Parliament and there was also the one in which Mr Mason, MLA, was provided with a special train from Traralgon to Morwell for Jil, although the minimum chung was £5 His Honour bri Iii but I before the Jury the facts in each individual rise in which it was alleged that political influence had been Haul The Court adjourned until Monday morning. The Court will not sit on Wednesday and J lui radio next the jury desiring to take a ' new on the former do, and the second is polling day 