THE NOVELIST. OLD icTiluTHERFORD. Br D. F. HANNIGAN.. On one of those quaint-loolriiig, cagework houses, of which only a few decaying specimens now remain m Dublin, lived. .- Doctor Humphry Rutherford. He was so old, that:no person- horn within the past three generations could form even a general estimate of his age. He lived apart from, society, and. wore a costume that brought the minds of those who saw '.him'."back "to' the days wlien Jonathan Swift .was still an infant in arms. . ••-• He was, indeed, a queer old man; and no wonder that some of his poorer and more superstitious neighbours regarded hun as a restless ghost who : had come back to re-visit the scenes of liis former life.' That oldfashioned peruke, those curious- lookingshoe-buckles, those ruffles re-calling the reign of: ©liarles the Second, had- nothing in common with the 1 fitter half of the nineteenth century; and. so, if most people avoided him as sometTnug uncanny, p"Vmw- . tom-like, they were, after all, only acting upon one of the most universal and deeply-rooted instincts of human nature. This strange old personage had only one servant, who, curiously enough, was of foreign extraction. His features were of a tawny hue, and there was something of the Zingari about his entire appearance. He was far from being as old as the doctor; and yet his thick hair was quite white, and his dark skin was creased with wrinkles. The name by which his master called him, was Hafiz, apparently indicating that he was a Persian by birth. He was, in- deed, the only connecting liuk between Doctor Rutherford and the outer world; and it must be admitted that very little, if anything at all, could be ascertained through him concerning his master's private life, for a More uncommunicative type of servant never existed. The Doctor had long since ceased to practise his profession openly, though he spent much of his time in compounding strange mixtures out of ingredients, some of which had been for many years in his possession, while others were procured by Hafiz, his dusky retainer, at some chemist's shop in their immediate neighbourhood. A laboratory had been specially fitted up for this purpose in one wing of the house ; and the old physician, as he bent over the vessel in which he heated the mysterious decoction, might not inaptly have been compared to an alchemist, eagerly brooding over liis marvellous task of transmuting the baser metals into gold. But, in truth, the Doctor's experiment was even more daring and farreaching than any of the feats performed, or supposed to have been performed, by the believers in alchemy; and, incredible as it may seem, his efforts had hitherto, been, attended.with success. The old mail, had, many years before, conceived the idea of .prolonging life indefinitely by judiciously extracting the vital properties of plants and combining them with the essence of the most potent minerals. The notion was not quite original; and modern science, if, indeed, it had ever seriously entertained it, had discarded it as si wild and baseless dream. . To Doctor Rutherford's " mind, however, the possibility of repelling the. approach.: Df death had presented itself as something quite within the' scope of the physician's art; aud the great age to which he had already attained, seemed to show that his speculations were not entirely chimerical. One evening, in the -month of October, tlie doctor was. engaged in his favourite occupation in the laboratory,- while Hafiz respectfully watched bis movements in the background. In tlie midst of . the silence, which • either the old" man nor his attendant. seemed disposed tobreak, could be distinctly he'aiil '.the simmering of the peculiarly-shaped antique-looking vessel suspended aboy%;Ahe glowing (ire. ............ .• - All at once, tlie Doctor, lifting \up l.lie corner of tlie vessel, and peering:. down into its interior, uitered a hoarse cry of alarm. ' ' " . ' " Gracious God ! " he exclaimed,; •' what is this P . The Elixir, has, lost its natural colour. It is as red as ' blood!" " Uay, master," said Hafiz, pronouncing the words with a distinctly., foreign accent, " yon must be wrong, 1 swear. By the prophet, you must be wrong ! " : .-: >•-. •.-,••i; ^ "How dare you contradict ine* sirrali ?" r biirst\ out^the : doctor, with' an expression partly... ; ,qf : anger , aiid partly -of f ear. on " his : .withered countenance. " I tell: -you,: knave. I sea rnv fate in this mixture to-night." ' • 'Ha.fk grinned, but speedily stifled any tendency towards mirth; as lie SLaijneiJusjaaaBtgxJs -^acG^^ " Perhaps tliere Is' something "forgotten," he said at length. "No, no," said the Doctor; " I have • put in all tke ingredients What can it be? T cannot hav, e made as mistake.; and yet—and^y et—: He paused, and stared into the fir e < with glistening eyes. " Were lu not .better; master," Hafiz ventured to suggestj.not -to. touch- a drop of the JSlixir.--tOTmght^i"i "Kay, you wliiie liveied laseal," ;re]orned; the 3Doctor;;.mth, a contemptuous sneer; "I am not afraid of eonscquences, I have suffered too; much during ; my long' -life' tO : stir.mk.:from what most men call disaster If I havegamed-a lengthened Jease;o£:4ife what has it availed ine ? My years, foi neaily two full centuries, have been "but a dieavy -waste" As he utteied tlie last woids, a deep sigh came forth, as it were, from the caverns of his aged heart The Asiatic no\v assuming a moie scnous look advanced a few steps, ind latlier diffidently asked Miglit I oo look at it, mastei, to see if it is ill flight' Yes Hafo you may look, and then peihaps joui shallow brain may lealize that I -am notfiabouiing nnder anv delusion ' ' ~ .The keen -yision U Hafiz^jmelfi^ detected that ilii s rmaste^liad uncoil* stiously distorted. thefTaet.jWwhen lie, said that the femystci loufcontents^of fore, on similar occasions; and the impression conveyed by a close inspection was that the compound was gradually assuming a crimson - hue, which, wh en it began to coo I, migh t be easily mistaken for blood. rv: Now, Hafiz, are you satisfied ?' said Doctor Rutherford, as the Asiatic drew back, with an almost imperceptible shudder. " Was 1 right, or not, m thinking that a strange transformation had taken place in the Elixir ?;" . Hafiz was now genuinely alarmed. Master,''he said eagerly, laying his : :swai?.tliy hand on the Doctor's arm, " drink none of it to-night. Some" demon has turned it into blood ! " •"FollyI Folly ! " said Doctor Rutherford, with a frown. "I have carefully compounded it; and if any :change is to come to-night, it must be part of Nature's inscrutable designs,, and cannot be averted by human: agency. As for me I am ready to meet my destiny. By the use of the; precious Elixir, I have lived, more than two hundred years, and I will not cast it. away now, whatever may befall me " • " But—- but-^- oil! dear master," said .Hafiz; with trembling lijjs, what if you should die ? " " If I- should die? " repeated' the Doctor,.with a, ghastly smile. "Ha,!' ha! ha! and wliat -then, Hafiz? What is death ? Release from the bondage of the flesh—the emaucipati*on of the enslaved soul. Is life so dear a thing to me that I should choose to dwell imprisoned in the body for ever ? Have 1 not told you more than once that m tlie scroll of Fate there is affixed to my name these cabalistic words: ' Through death he shall regain his lost happiness, and even from the grave lorn shall bloom again ?' Ah ! Hafiz, what a thought to be reunited to one without whom the world is a desert and existence a curse! For this have I lived—for this I would gladly die. Yes, yes, the Elixir has been my friend, my sustainer all these years, and to-night, perhaps, it may bung me that happiness I have vainly yearned for. The goblet, man—the goblet. Hasten, hasten; I can tarry in suspense no longer ! " The Asiatic dared not disobey this peremptory command. He rushed over to the corner of the laboratory, and, snatching up a silver goblet, beautifully chased, silently handed" it to his master. Then, at a gesture from the Doctor, he removed the vessel from its position over the fire, and poured into it a goodly portion of the mysterious fluid. As the old physician raised the gobietto his lips, its contents bubbled up in crimson globules. The Doctor's dark eyes flashed from beneath his shaggy eye-brows with almost the fire of youth. "The time has come?" he murmured. "Even if I should lose the great gift of extended life, the fruit of long research and occult knowledge, what does it matter if she come back to me i" Hafiz looked on ainazed and almost terror-stricken at his master, who drained the goblet to.the dregs. Scarcely had the old physician finished the draught, when lie suddenly has. Jifa,nd u2Jon - lias heart. '* " Oil! 'wofitierfulT wonifefiit! wonderful !" he exclaimed, with a look of exultation.; " my youth is returning— tlie shadows of old age a,re fading away| from me, "like night before the dawn!" The attendant silently took the goblet extended towards him by his master. " Pour out a fresh draught," saidthe Doctor, eagerly. "Let not the precious Elixir be wasted ! Drink of it, too, yourself Hafiz! Drmk, drink, poor, wavering fool! " This Asiatic shook his head with an air of mild protest; " What, Hafiz," said Doctor Rutherford, with an odd smile, " do you not wish, too, to renew your youth, to be happy, to beloved P" " iSTo, no, master," said the Asiatic, with a scared look in his dusky face. " I need it not. I am satisfied to remain as I am. The Elixir .to- night lias such a blood-red colour -that it frightens me. I cannot bring myself to drmk it, master. I feel , that it would kill me!" - -.. "Then live, wretch, and wither!" exclaimed his master, fiercely,;\ > "I envy you not, even thou you were to exist in.-earthly : misery for ten thousand years, better 7 one hour of true happiness than countless centuries of loneliness aud gloom 1" The old man's face had by this time . become quite radiant with, glowing: rapture. It seemed as if lie were anticipating some great event, which; was to be the crowning glory of Ins life " Light me to tlie Blue Room;] Hafiz," lie said, waving his hand with unwonted gaiety towards his darkfaced.attendant, and bring, with you, the golden candlesticks wluch were presented to me; by Lord Berkeley, m .the.-year 1670. For to-night at least my., spirit shall rejoice,: and the shadows of the past shall vanish." ; . Tli'e Asiatic : automatically obeyed; leadipgstlie way-up-a, broad-staircase ceiling?and panelling were painted 111; light! blue, so as to present a very curiolis;and somewhat fantastic aspect; Immediatelyabove-themassive-chimne'y^piece hung the: portrait of a liadj: in thb dress of ..a bygone, day. She lookeldrquite.youug, and.thei'e:wa:s: ai>' vindefinalile.expressionvatsonceBwistfulii -wide'open^eyes, and in. Jiei ehastej tremble on the veige of speech The Doctoi gazed up for a mom i t riatithissportr^t,.:^ •mnEmuKof-^satifefactaoni-droppedfdo^nn upon'a km"ti , "ofjco'ucl), j wheieupon he; lay ior Collie moments, apparently mapt in a delicious lerene " Perhaps, master," inierposed the Asiatic, stealthily approaching Jiim,. " you might want to see some eminent; man in ,thei profession ? The ^fleets of the Elixir might be dangerous "« He ejiphas z d the last word in; the most significant manner, as if lie' weie anxiou to a ousemtheT)t)i,tols: hreabt a sense of feai which wotdd -aaituially impel him to seek the iiecet,; saiy antidote 'jat once L I Hence,'lience piatmg fool L jbaid! tne^old "ph} sieian;- I^m happy and: I-skno-n 1 snail be nappier st J1 Go 1 i ,_ieave me^to myself feel ^tlja^I ^coula laugh ana be glad Tat this^-mo rinent fe-en though-the Typild^vg ^sphpterid Wfiagmentriu the imi Hafi? slolerout ofHhe room rf butjJf , unnatural ^ujiei was tlie forerunner of some sudden fatality. Attached as he waa to vhis ' master, and desirous of saving him, i£ ! possible, from the : consequences of what he regarded as a rash and des- i perate act. he resolved m this emer- | gency to take a decisive step. He ! flung a kind of cloak -across : Ills i sh ouldersj drew a hat over his dark | brows, and rushed off precipitately in the direction of Fitzwilliam Square, He had frequently, in the course of his wanderings through the . city : heard Doctor Hugh- Melville spoken of as not only a distinguished physician .bat a perfect - master." of the. science of chemistry In manv cases where persons had been -Buepecled of secret poisoning. Doctor Melville's examination :of the; dead boojea had settled the question ." yea " or " nay," though some of his brother physicians bad failed- to determine .-the exact; cause ; ot death: Though, not yet quite : fifty years of age, he had reached the front rank in his profession, and had gained; quite a European reputation. His book on Vitality was considered a masterpiece of; scientific, investigation, and profound . physio-< -logical, research. v He was, moreover^ a in:in oX tlie raost courteous alid obliging disposition: "He often-attondri ed i the poorest class: of patieats in their own dingy: homes without any • hope of remuneration,, manifesting sincere symjiathy with them in tlie-.r ; distress,, and giving . them a great; deal of his valuable time. It may, therefore, be: seen that Hafiz was wise in seeking, the assistance of this excellent man. Without delay, Doctor Melville ordered out his own cawiage, late as the hour was, and drove rapidly towards: the residence of the eccentric old recluse, whose very existence he had never heard of before. Such thorough goodness of heart, such spontaneous kindness, we do not frequently find amongst the medical men of our time. Less than half-anhour. had elapsed since Hafiz had left the Blue Room, when the old man, who was lying in a state ,of semi-consciousness on the couch, whereon he had flung himself, and roused by tlie sound of an opening door. He started up, and exclaimed in a half-stupefied fashion: " Haiiz, are yon. there? Is that you, Hafiz ? " "No, sir, " replied tlie new comer, "it is a stranger, who has heard of your: sudden indisposition, and 1ms come to prescribe for you, and, let us hope, to restore you to your usual health.". The old man stared somewhat haughtily at Doctor Melville. " My good friend," he said in a slightly disdamful tone, " you are, I presume, a physician. So am 1; but we differ in tlns-^-that you belong to the present age—an age of superficial: science, aud vain half knowledge, while 1 have studied m the old-world school, which professed to solve all the mysteries of man's complex nature. You who, perhaps, regard Paracelsus as a medioeval quack, must know very little about the Elixir of Life." The younger physician shook his head a-nd sniiJed.:. " I ain afraid, i:iy d«ai- mr," lie said, "your Paracelsus was a foolish dreamer. Modern physiology has explained away sucli folly." " There you err egregiously," returned Dr. Rutheriord, who had now raised himself to a' sitting position the couch. " Come, now, tell me how long do you think I have lived by the use of a rare decoction ? " " I should say you :are a very, old man, sir." * . " Just two hundred and forty-five years. ' That's all." Doctor Melville .raised his. eye-; brows incredulously., ,... -,.. " I fear there must be-a slight mis-. take somehow," he said with great.-, suavity. . . . . . " Not a bit of it " said the other; : " and : t you want to know, something more of my private history, ]ust cast your eyes" at: that portrait over the cliimnej'-piece there. /- That was. my wife, and we were married in this city ' in the year 1670.- I was then quite a: young mail, and had only ]ust entered the medical profession.: I may mention that on the occasion, the Viceroy, Eoi-d Berkeley; for whom I had acted as ail amanuensis, for some -months,; made me a present of that pair of golden candlesticks on the table there : before your eyes " The face of Doctor Melville at that., moment was a study. He seemed like a man endeavouring to dispel some; illusion caused by the influence of mesmerism, or by the agency of some powei ful opiate. • " There is certainly something very extraoi dinary in all this," he said, with ail air of brooding.truth. * •'Hpw.; curious it is that tlie fa;e of the: lady, whose portrait hangs there.above. ; the 11 fire-place, .is--.'marvellously; like, my daughter's - face ? But for the difference of dress I would almost have sworn it was my daughter's poitiait" " Ha 1 ha' ha 1 " laughed the old man. " What a singulai coincidence, 'tTunyi;'^ whst's your name ? — fo;\ 1 have: not the pleasure of- your acquaintaijc.o -rr:.: might I trouble yoa to let me know -your daughter's name and ^also her a g e £ " Hei name is TJna, and she is just nineteen ye3i s of age " "With an exclamation of astonish ineiit, Dr. Rutheifoid raised himself to his feet.- * " In God's name0 sir," he said, now? "If you'-wUnt toj save-me from evei- Jastmg "nftseiy, gratify -an old man's 1 wish—call'itra whim it youliKe—let -•meseeyourdaughterlbrmgherlaere:; it can do her no harm -1-want to see her You tell ,_me -ghe resembles that portiait, andlliat her name is "TJaaT? Stiange—strange 1 OanHhis-be some* phantasy of nature 'for „•"sometimes" ""natuie plays us cunous tracks — or can it be possiblej-that somewhe-e on;: this earth mfUm still lives Taot old,? ^athei ed. as I am ybut Booming m changeless jouth ind loveliness ' ^Listen and'in a few woidsl^will tell tyoii how ltiappened _ I-was young *a£d amb tious „ Myjirofe^ion at fir t ^eenfel to be ill n all to me but tlieiet- lsjfesome'hmg v st onger than? ambition and 3shatf% love,-=^the; _ma^tei •passior&of-1;,our3bSiig ^ And so and they objected to me as a suitor, first,: because 1 happened to bo a member of the = Reformed Church, and. secondly, because I was associated with Lord Berkeley, to whom the Talbots were bitterly, opposed on political grounds. 1 was an ardent lover, however, and in a moment of weakness-^or, should I not rather say yielding to her supreme trnst in me -Una consented to wed me secretly, without., -obtaining her parents' sanction." " TJna Talbot," murmured Dr. Melville, as if uttering his; thoughts' aloud, ; " there is something peculiar, in the recurrence of that name." Then staring confusedly at the old man: lie went on : '' you say that youtwife's name was Una Talbot, and that she lived in. Dublin two hundred years ago . Why, that was the very name of an -ancestress of. mme on my mother's side, and it was after her my daughter was called." " I knew it must oe so ! " said the; did man, with glittering eyes; " The same' the very same! But let uie finish There was. something- mys lenous about Una's ewly life. She was i ust blossoming into womanhood •aineteea at: most—r^and her parents llad s boca always ,.fea.r£ul' --about r h'er: health, for she seemed more- like an embodied spirit, than a .thing of flesh and blood; She was fair-haired, blueeyed, and • was like the Madonna be fore the angel told, her she, was to be the Mother of God. I shrank in my secret soul from the idea of marriage with so ethereal a being, hut love'is stronger than reason—stronger than the strongest presentiments;; Well,, we were married.: Ah! how vividly' I. can recall that day. It seems as if it were only yesterday. . Oh! what unutterable rapture it was to hear her pronounce the marriage formula. ' I take thee for my; wedded husband,' to lead her to my home, to. M'hisperm her ears those words of burning love, which were the last Iv ever addressed to her ! Some curious fancy led her to suggest that we should pass the first few days after our marriage:in: this house. It was. not my residence at the time, but it had been the property of a young nobleman, who, having squandered his patrimony, sold it to me at a very low figure a few weeks before my marwage. , I; gladly acted on Una's suggestion, for here was a capital means, of baffling the inquiries of her incensed relatives. They-would seek me at my former address, and would find no tidiners of me there, as I kept my new residencfc'a complete secret from all my acquaintances. Therefore, :they could find no trace of either myself or Una. But alas 1 a ;worse misfortune than; any I had sought to escape from fell upon ine, even on my wedding-day! She had not been, many hours my bride, when she disappeared like a phantom, and. left me lonely and wretched to wear out life, without love, without hope !" "I do not quite understand you," Doctor Melville here broke in. " It was simple enough," said the old inan, mournfully shaking hisliead, " and yet so extraordinary was it that no logic could explain it, no science account;for it, - On the even-, ing Of our wedding-ao.y-..'>yo.:. h-oto. seated side by bide. ^ 1 was telling her; for perhaps the thousandth time,: how much she was to me—more than ambition, friends, fame, life-, itself. In the ecstacy of that sweet moment, I did not 'pause to notice that she scarcely responded, to my impassioned words. I clasped her m my arms. I touched liei' dear hps with mine ; but lo 1 in that very instant she seemed to melt away hke- a vision. She; dissolved, as it were, into thin air, and since then I have seen her only m dreams. I have tried to clasp her.in^ my aims as she flitted through the lonely spaces of the night, but I awoke with the bitter consciousness that it was <m illusion " " And so, perhaps; was your marriage," said Doctor Melville, half cynically, as the old man stopped,: gasping for breath, and looking more , •nan and ghostly than evei. In his own mmd, the younger physician asked himself: " Is this a case of senile dementia P . or , jvhat is it, m Heaven's name "My mamage an illusion?" ex- claimed Doctoi RutheiJoid "My frifeud, you' are. too practical, to use the wretched phiase of the nireteenth centuiy The world, indeed, is perishing from the effect of this, sordid matenahsm No, no It nas no illusion We wcie united .it Gjd's altar Oiu cieeds were diSeient, but we-'both were true believers in the Redeemer of man, ;and it: mattered not that the clergyman was one of my cliurch and not of hets._ But do not mock me, my good sit , I am old and foolish, peihajs, but bear with my weaknesses, aud grant the ieqa.est I asked of you, to let me see youi daughter Ah' bii, you are leavened, I fear, with the scepticism of a cold blooded age You. do not believe in the transmigiation of souls What indeed, is there that people do believe in now-a-days but money? As tor; : nie;; *m&e;!r.possessions f;.appeaT«-.;to, .--me so much dross To show you how little X clmg to the things of this world' give- me one, sheet of- -note paptr, and leach me a pen, which you will find od yondei table " Doctoi Melville followed the old man's,, dii ections, but had some diffi cnltylm getting at a wilting desk which he placed -on the couch by Doctor 'Rutherford's side " Call in Hafi?j oi wait, I will cah mjSelf JHafiz 1 Jafe >" ^nd his; voice rosffto a'fe'feble effort 4t rshout-: , nTJie Asiatic speedily^ made his ap pearance. ' _ ' need vou as a witness,'! .said his; •3ian7 Dowea j-s^ , ^ > ^ ^ •Then fix ng a keenJgUuce on Doc tor Melville he said ^ Lou" d,s we have been-talking to ^etligr^ou-bive not told me your tumjne >iiie;kno5 it^pray^^ s Di MlImIIk ga\c •the information^ icq in pi jto iome iuinutes "all that could be^eirdi itT-thelSom w^tbe, ^ „bfch^ with a isigh Hhe^oldli ilnMf in"hid down r >e ion ind 1 ' e follow ng-wo d mg, make this ati my last will and testament. I leave all I die possessed-; of to Una, daughter of Doctor Melwile, of the city of Dublin, and I appoint her my residuary legatee and sole executrix of this my will " " And now there is nothing to be done save to attest the will," said Doctor Rutherford. dear si r + ~" be S an Doc - tor Melville. _ "Do not gainsay, said the old man, with a supplicating look: and forthwith he signed his name at the foot of the document, whose contents he had just read out. te . The signatures of Doctor Melville ana Hafiz were speedily attached. " So much for settling my affairs » said the old physician with forced calmness. "And now let me see her face—the face of Una—before I die." ' Well, Doctor Rutherford, I should be a brute to refuse,- under the circumstances," said the younger physician. Have patience for halfan-hour, and I promise you that you shall see my daughter. Meanwhile your servant here must remain with you in case you want anything." " Yes, yes," said the old man, nodding self-complacently Go ' Gratify the wish, the last hope of an unhappy being ' ana-may God Almip-h-ty "bless you for it 1 " Without saying anything in reply, Doctor Melville huined away. The old man awaited his return with breathless impatience. Every moment he was becoming more restless, more vehement, more frenzied. " Yes, yes, yes," he muttered, with his eyes fixed on vacancy, " she will come back' I know she will come back to me; and I shall realize what true happiness means before I die • " Hafiz vainly tried to calm his over- Btruug excitement. He kept saying repeatedly, " She ia coming back,: she is coming back,'' and listening eagerly. , for the -sound of approaching foot- steps. - At length, there was a knock at the hall door, and the old physician, unable to control his emotions, rose, and endeavoured to follow Hafiz out of the Blue Boom. He was, however, too feeble to make his way further than the door of the apartment There he paused, with a wild stare in his eyes, and hia hands stretched forth tremblingly. " Oh I hasten, hasten," he exclaimed, in a broken voice ; " hasten, or I die." Presently Hafiz, holdinginhis right hand one of the golden candlesticks, showed ayoung girl of a strange and almost unearthly type of beauty up the old-fashioned staircase There was a dreamy smile on her face, but her hps trembled slightly as she gazed upon the withered countenance of th« poor old physieian. Still, she did not pause, Wt advanced towards bim quietly until they stood quite close to each other. : " Oh Una! O my wife '—my longlost Una, found at last!" almost shrieked the old man. And he spasmodically strove to fling his arms Around her neck. - :'• . She shrank away from him with a cry of alarm, and would have fallen, had not Hafiz rushed to her assistance. As for Dr. Rutherford, lus withered Eeaturos now grew frislitfally pallid A low "heart-plercmg moan "escaped' bim, and- then from, his, blanched: lips trickled a stream of blood. He made a faint effort to speak, but could only articulate; one .word: •; The next moment his. jaws relaxed, *cd he fell back—dead 