THE SKETCHER. A SEA YARN. The "Rhyme of the Three Sealers," by Rudyard Kipling, in the Christmas number of the Pall Mall Gazette, is a stirring piece of verification. It is the s*ory «. or a hidden sea and a bidden fight, When the Baltic ran from the Northern Light, And the Stralsund fought the two." There waB a Beason in the year when seal hunting in BehringSea was poaching, never theless the boats went out to " filch " And some be Scot, but the worst God wot, and the boldest thieves be Yank." The first to arrive on the ground was the Baltic, and while the crew was herding and driving the young Beal, the Northern Light arrived in the fog, rigged np like a cruiser, with " a stove pipe stock from her starboard port and the Russian flag at her fore." There were 1,600 Bkutt abeaoh when the newcomer "drove into the bay and the eea mist drove with her." The Baltic at once weighed anchor and ran, "for a stove pipe seen through the closing mist shows like a four-inch gun." The Northern Light proceeded to help herself to the abandoned booty, only to be interrupted in her turn. They had not brought a load to side or slid their hatches clear, , " When they were aware of a sloop-of war, ghost-white and veiy near. .Her flag she showed and her guns she showed, three of them, blaok, abeam, And a tunnel grey with the crusted salt, but never a show of steam. There was no time to man the bars, they knocked the shackle free, . . And the Northern Light stood out again, goose winged to open sea. (For life it is that is worse than death, by force of Russian law To Work in the mines of meroury that loose the teeth in your jaw.) They had not run a mile from shore-they heard no shots behind- , ...... . When the skipper smote his hand on bis thigh and threw her up in the wind. " Bluffed-raised out on a bluff," said he, " for if my name's Tom Hall, You must set a thief to catch a thief-and a thief has caught us all 1 . . By every butt in Oregon and every soar in Haine, The hand that spilled the wind from her sail was the hand of Reuben Paine I Be has rigged and trigged her with paint and spar, and, faith, he has faked her well But I'd know the Stralsund's deckhouse yet from here to the booms o' HelL " Oh, once we ha' met at Baltimore, and twice on Boston pier, But the sickest day for you, Beuben Paine, was the I day that you came here The day that you came here, my lad, to scare us from our seal * With your funnel made o' your painted cloth, ana your guns o' rotten deal 1 ' Bing and blow (or the Baltio now, and bead her back to the bay, For we'll come into the game again with a double hand to play l" They rang and blew the sealers' call-the poaching err of the sea And they raised the Baltio out of the mist, and an angry boat was she; Ahd blind they groped through the whirling white, and blind to the bay again, Till they heard the swing of the Stralsund s boom, and the clank of her mooring chain. They laid them down by bitt and boat, their pistols in their belts, And" Will you fight for it, Reuben Paine, or will you share the pelts T' A dog-toothed laugh laughed Reuben Paine, and bared his flenching knife. " Yea, skin for skin, and all that he hath a man will give for his life, But I've six thousand skins below, and Yeddo Fort to And there's never a law of God or man runs north of Fifty Three. " So go in peace to the naked seas with empty holds to fill, , And I'll be good to your seal this catch, many as 1 shall kill. ... , Get out of this before you foul-the fog's as blma as Andfqg or dear,you'll not come here to hold the Stralsund up 1" Then ensues the fight in the fog: An arm's length out and overside the banked fog held them bound, , " . , . . And as they beard or groan or word they fired at the sound. For one cried out on the name of God, and one to have bind offtpf. And the questing volley found them both and bade them hold their peace. And in the waiting silences the rudder whined bcncBth, And each man drew bis watchful breath slow taken .tween the teeth Trigger and ear and eye acock, knit brow and hard drawn lips- ...... . Bracing his feet by chock and cleat for the rolling of the s.-ipa Till they heard the cough of a wounded man that fought in the fog for breath, Till they heard ttie torment of Reuben Paine that wailed upon his death ' The tides they'll go through Fundy race, but I'll go never more ... ? And see the hoes from ebb-tide mark turn scampering back to shore. j ** No more Til see the trawlers drift below the Bass 1 Bock ground. .... ., . And watch the tall Fall steamer lights tear biasing up the Sound. ' Sorrow is ma, in a lonely sea and a sinful fight I tikll But if there's law of God or man, you'll swing for it yet, Tom Ball 1" Tom Ball stood up by the quarter-rail. " Your woids in your teeth," said he. .There's never a law of God or man runs north of' fifty Three. So go in grace with Bim to face, and an ill-spent life behind, And I'll take can of your widows, Rube, as many as 1 shall find. " For one you have left at Kennebunk and one on Vitu Beach, . . . And a yellow girl at Tomiok'; but I'll be good to ®aoh. A Stralsund man shot blind and large, and a warlock Finn was he, . And he hit Tom Ball with a bursting ball a hands breadth over ihe knee. Tom Hall caught hold by the topping lift, and sat liuu down with an oath. ^ . . " V ou'll wait a little, Rulie," he said; " the Devil has called for both. ' The Devil is driving both this tide, and the killing grounds are dose, . .. . " And we'll go up to the wrath of God as the hollus chiukie goes. . Oh, men! put ba6k your guns again, and lay your rifles by. We've fought our fight and the best are down. l*t up and let us diet . Quit firing by the bow there-quit I Call on tne Baltic's crew! You're sure of hell as me or Rube-but wait till we get through." And a little breese blew over the rail that made the lieadeails litt, , . 4. But no man stood by wheel or Bheet, and they let tne ' schooners draft. And the rattle rose in Beuben'e throat and he cast hit soul with a cry. And "Gone already F Tom Hall he said. "Then it's time for me to die." Hio eyes were heavy with great deep and yearning for the land, And he spoke ae a man that talks in dreams, his head upon his hand. " Oh, there comes no good In the westering wind that backs against the sun, Wash down the decks-they're all too red-and share the skins and run. " Baltic, Stralsund, and Northern Light-clean share and share for all, You'll find the fleets off Tolstoi Mees, but yon will not find Tom Hall" 