BEVIEW. ' Tho Australian shot t story and the short story' by Australian writers uro at pressnt a good deal in evidence. Two notably meri torious collections have already appeared— Mr. Becko's fresh, delicate and highly-spe cialised Island stories and the moro general collection by Mr. Barry. Other volumes of short stories by Australian writers have been published of average, and in one or two instances of more than average, merit, and in future we may expect to find the Australian author permanently represented in the world of literary production.- Tbe effort to produce distinctively Australian stories, has, however, sometimes resulted in unequivocal and painful failure. The writers who have failed in this way would, perhaps, have failed in telling any kind of a story. Still the fact remains that the budding Australian writer deems it imperativo that he should confine himself to the delineation of Aus-- traiian cnaracter, where dolinoation is at tempted, and to the transcription of typical incidents in Australian life. Such writers sadly limit their sphere of action. Aus tralian character, as a type, is restricted to the weedy, taciturn bushmau whose physical life is half limp idleness and half ltrenuous action, and whose mind is only slowly developing towards an as yet ungnessabie type. His character is an irritating vacuity. For the rest, Austra lians' are eimply more or less commonplace splinters of tho old Celtic-Saxon weld. But If there is nothing very typical in the character of -our people human nature here has the advantage, from the point of view, of the critic, who will havo- -novelty, that it is set in tho midst . of unique, natural surroundings, ; and/ ; is engaged in distinctively Australian oc cupation, aud from some at least of oar writers wo have a right to expect studies representing the effect of these thiogs upon, inatvidual life and character, as well as the less valuable narrstivo of incident in the varied life of the country. Ae for those who exist or may arise with exceptional poweis there is no occasion to point ont to them their metier. Tho discovery of that is one of the inevitable attributes of genius. Psychology has no geography, ju«t as/art is universal.' To the writur with thu gift/of reaching the human heart it matters little where his drama is looated. If the -life about- him .affords the necessary comr plexity and variety, and gives him his artistic distance aud atmosphere, he may be oxpccted to ase the local bricks and mortar to erect the edifice of which imagination is ths architect. If not he must go elsowhtro, and his pictures will be as truthful ; for the imagination of genius is the one thing which cannot err. The volnmo of short stories writtsn by Mr. Andrew Jackson is one of which it is impossible to write praiscfully. There are four stories in tho collection, and all are hopeless. The narrative is primitive, and ir- ritatiug with unnecessary details. Of literary' art Mr. Jackson is gorgeously ignorant. His dialogue is weak and pointless,. itnjl;is rendered worsq by attempts at nntnor which in every instance miss tho mark. Mr. Jackson apparently has little -dramaiio' power, which is the first essential of the short story-writer who deals with incident. To compensate for deficiencies of this kind Mr. Jackson has an irritating habit of Scriptural allusion which, added to the wishy-wuBhy character of the literary work, gives rise to the suspioion that somo tract society has bad a hand in the writing of these stories. Fonr stories comprise the collection Nuggets in The Devil's Punch Bowl, Lankey Jim, Lost, in the Bush, and Thunder and Lighiniup. Tho machinery Mr. Jackson calls to his aid in tbe development of his plot is crude. In the first story a station hand — the crack shearor of his shed— is hoaten in his tally by a rival. Tho beaten shearer, Bill by name, falls asleep, in the shed after his defeat. In this sleep he dreams a dream, and, awaking, Btraightway vows to forsake shearing for ever. He rides away to the moubtuins, and there, as his dream indicated, finds a dead digger and a desorted tent, with the portrait of a girl hanging within. Under ths portrait was a rude diagram. " At one end of a line was a 'triangle; at the other end a enrious tree touching tho ground. Betwnen the triangle and the tree was a big dot, and at tho dot are two figures ; but whether 45 or 65, he could not tell. An arrow pointed to them. He kissed the photo graph, unpinned it carefully and put it in his- pocket. Under ths diagram- wore the words "For Mary." As a result of un ravelling the mystery of this subtly-devised diagram Bill finds a- gold mine which the dead digger had boeu working. Into the mine He dctoends/lut is 'haunted by fear of ghosts " who would como trooping down tho ladder in spite of all he could do." At this interesling pioturo " the words of tho ninetyffirss Psalm suddenly c&mo; into his mind and illumined the mine : He that dweileth in the secret place of tho Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. Ho was down on his knoes like a shot, asking guidance unci protection ; then rose in perlect peaco, feoling safer than in chain armor, or with swords aud gnns by his side." The mine turnod out as rich as mines iound in this way have a habit of doing, and Bill, armed only with hor por trait, went to Melbourne to find "Mary." In the most- natural wuy in tho world ho walked against this interesting damsel in the street ons day, and promptly gavo hor tho mine, having fallen in love with her, just as ho; had kissed her portrait, on sight. It is interesting to noto that ho promptly took tho precaution of marrying hor. Tho otber stories are as crude as that outlined above. Wo havo boon somewhat severe upon Mr. Jackson, but not with a view to dishearten ing him. He has a certain insight into character which somo day maj stand him in good stead. Front internal ovidonco we surmise that he is a young writer who has entered into literary work with propostorons lightheartodness. . Success in literature is not attained by accident, bnt by design. Mr. Jackson has tho sim- plicity of nature. He must replace it with 'ho simplicity of art. He has a world of splendid modoU to guide his pen, and after an examination, more or less pro longed, of their methods may yot do some good Work. V, Me'aqwlt'itf jj to readers 'iion-- otitfeaj this, book :'may sorvo: very well; to lighten' an idle honr. It is published?' by- LongmanB, Green nnd 'Co,, London, 'and'1 Melville, Mnllcn and Slade, Malbouruo, and is sent to us by Angus and Robertson, 