TOWN TALK. A supplement is published gwith to- | day's " Geelong Advertiser." With regard to the proposed electric lighting of the town and boroughs it has transpired that Mr Ellison, electrical engineer, of Melbourne, is to be asked to consult with the committee and report as to whether the scheme and specification submitted by the Crompton company is suitable for the town and suburbs. He will also report as to whether or not the estimates of cost connected therewith arc fair and reasonable. The mayors of Gecloug and Geelong West and Aid Humble were appointed to meet the expert and make arrangements for his report. It was also decided by the com mittee, at their meeting the other evening, • that, subject to the re port by Mr Ellison being deemed satisfactory,the committee should recom mend the conference to adopt the speci fication and estimates for the electric lighting of the town and suburbs as .submitted by the Crompton company and to recommend the coufereueo to advise their respective councils to accept the company's offer. Our Stciglitz correspondent telegraphs the followinc-yieidu-; " XTnltod Albion, without pyrites, 307 ozs. 2 dwts ; New Mariners, without pyrites, 595 ozs 4 dwts." „ ' A moderately attended meeting of sheepskin buyers was held last oveuiug in the Bush Inn Hotel, Corio-strcot." Mr 'Ambler was voted to the chair, and explained that the meeting bad been called with the object of considering the advisability of selling by catalogue as in Melbourne. After a deal of discussion'it was decided, on the motion of Mr J. Hawortli, seconded by Mr Benjamin, "That the buyers of Geelong combine and join the Melbourne Skin Buyers' Association." This resolution was made subject to the approval of the majority of the buyers. It was unanimously agreed by those present that it was time that some action should bo taken to form an association in order to protect their interests. The meeting also dscicled that Mr Benjamin should" wait upon the secre tary of the metropolitan association, explain the views of the local buyers of Geelong, and obtain the rules of the Melbourne association. The meeting was then adjourned till one o'clock on Wed nesday next, when it is anticipated that all the buyers will put in an appearance. A vote of thanks to the chairman was moved and carried.. • The steamer Courier will not leave the Moorabool-street wharf for Melbourne until .si? o'clock this evening. The de tention of the vessel is dup to the desire to give Porturlington and Melbourne visitors an opportunity; of viewing the football match on the cricket ground between the Geelong and- Williamstown clubs to he played this afternoon. ' A little girl named- Alice Jncku, two years of age, residing with her parents at Jan Juc, fell into the kitchen fire on Thursday oveniug and was severely burnt on one side of the body and about the neck. f he poor httlo thing was brought into Geelong yesterday morning and ad mitted to the Hospital. - A smoke social was hold in the orderly rooms in M'Killop-strecfc last evening in aid of the funils of the Artillery Football Club, There was a large attendance, in cluding representatives of most of tho local junior football clubs, and the pro ceedings did not bepdme„slpw for luck of variety; abundant opportjimties' - being afforded for social recreation. During the cveuing refreshments, both liquid and solid, were provided, and gongs and recitations wore given by members of the battery and visitors, .whilst Mr H. Warburton provided n'spccial item in the form of a song and dance, which was much applauded. The accompaniments were played by Mr Sharps Brearlcy, and selections were given daring the eveniii" by a small orchestra consisting of Messrs J. Graves, Brearlcy, Lowday and Hep-, burn. ■' Notices arp given in'this issue by the prospectors recently at work in Queen's Park of their intention to apply for min ing leases to enable them to continue tho search for gold in that reserve. The directors of the Western Sea Buttling Company, in their annual report fqr presentation to the ordinary general meeting of shareholders to be hold on Friday next, stato that the prevailing dopressiou, in conjunction with the cool suuimer season,.havo so adversely affected tho receipts, more especially those, from the ladies'baths, that a profit of ouly £25 4s Gd is 'shown on the year's opera tions, the receipts being £2!)9 2s 5d and the expenditure £273 17s l'.d. Another dividend of £12 7s 2d bus been received from tlio amount to:the credit of the company , locked up in the Mercantile Bank, and this will pniiblo the directors jto pay a dividend of Gd per sharp. The 'desirability of Ipusing the baths is to he brought on .for 'consideration*'-at-''tho annual meeting' by tho directors, who ! desire permission to oxorcisn their judg- j ment in tho matter. i . The firemen were called out about nino o'clock last night to answer a falso alarm of tiro, received from the No 5 electric alarm, situated in Moorabool - street,' South Goelong. Tlio fire enrt was scon at tllC spot,when the men wore chagrined to find they had made a rapid and nceclf; less journey. • Tlifee prosecutions by 'J. M. Christio, excise officer, ■ were brought under the notice of the magistrates at the Geelong police court yesterday morning. The first was against Mr Joliii Brcrivn, licensee of the Eureka Hotel, who was summoned for falsely applying brandy to a bottle ■bearing J. Denis Hy. Monie and Co.'s label, but the case was postponed until the 31sfc inst. for the attendance of Mr "Whyte, who had been retained for the defence. Mr John Baker, licensee of tho Union Club Hotel, pleaded -guilty.-to "a charge . of having neglected to cut and thus deface a beer duty stamp gn a barrel of beer on the 6th April. Ho was fined £2 and £1 Is costs. Mrs Belinda Young, licensee of the Princess of "Wales Hotel in Eyrie-street, plpuded guilty to a chavge of falsely applying brandy to a bottle bearingHenncssyandCo.'stradclabcl. Mr J. P. Smith, spirit chemist and expert, employed by the Custom Houso depart ment, deposed that he had examined the sample taken from Mrs Young's pro mises, and found it .21*3 under proof, instead of 14 under proof. It was not genuine Hennessey brandy, but a com mon hulk spirit, although not unwhole some. It was a common cheap French brandy. The defendant explained thnt she had been to the Inverleigh races, and dur ing her absence the waitress had thought lessly put the spirit into one of Hen nessey's bottles. She had been in business 13 years and had not previously madu a mistake. It'was, decided._to fino the defendant £2, and £3 16s (3d costs. . Mr Ferguson, barrister, appeared for the Excise department. At the Geelong police court yesterday morning a man named Richard Williams, aged 62 yoars, a cook by occupation, who had been locked up since the 22nd inst. on a charge of drunkenness, was dis charged with a caution and ordered to pay 4s costs connected with his case. A laborer named James Lyons, aged 38 yeaTs, who stated'that he came from Mount Dunecd, was charged -with the same offence. Ho pleaded guilty and Constable Curran stated that Lyons had been on the previous morning fined 3s for having been drunk, and had paid the. fino. It was decided to fine him 10s or three days' imprisonment, and the fine was at once forthcoming. Kalph Hinch eliff, aged 45 years, who described him-, self as an engineer, was fined os or- 24 hours' imprisonment for drunkenness. Tho magistrates present wore-Messrs Patterson, P.M., Peters, and P. Smyth,' Js.P. A "married wojiiuu named Margaret Eethmio, whose husband is at present working at Rolcewood, attempted ■ to commit suicide on Wednesday night at her residence at Irrewarra, in tho Colac district; It was reported to Senior constablo Dowler that the woman had cut her throat and was bleeding to death. With Constable Olncy lie drovo out to the place and discovered the woman lyin" on her bed fully dressed, aud very weak from loss of blood, which was flowing from a wound in licr throat inflicted with a scissors. The woman told the police that she had been surrounded by ghosts, and was afraid that they were going to kill her, and she had determined to take her own life. Tho woman was at once removed to the Colae Hospital, whore she was attended to by Drs Brown and Foster. Tho Bcv. Joseph King, of Melbourne, is announced to lecture oh Monday evening next," in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, on " Our Ships : Or Ninety-nine Years in the Pacific," the ships in question not being Her Majesty's navy, but the " Pacific " fleet of the London Missionary Society, consisting of several steamers. and sailing vessels, besides a num ber of boats. Tho lecture will ho illustrated by ah excellent set of 80 lantern views, which Sir Howard Hitchcock lias kindly consented to show hy means of his powerful limelight apparatus. Among the scenes shown will be some taken in the Now Hebrides, in which group of islands Australians have long- been deeply interested ; while others will be scenes from Samoa, the group which our New Zea land - oou-iue arc just now desirous of taking under their protection. As Mr King was himself resident in Samoa for sorao years, and is well-known throughout the colonies as an eloquent lecturer and speaker on missionary topics, a specially interesting evening maybe anticipated. The chair will bo taken ateight o'clock by the lie v. J. H. Toms. A little boy, 2 years of age, the sou of Mr "W". Davis, a farmer in tho "Werribee dis trict, met with a terrible accident, on "Wed nesday afternoon, narrowly escaping im mediate death. Tlio little fellow wus play ing about the yard while liis sister was chopping with an axe, and the girl, notic ing his dangerous position as she was bring ing down the axe with,great force, suddenly cried out. The littlo fellow looked up startled just in time to receive tljo sharp edgo of the axe across the throat. A terrible gash was inflicted four inches in' length. The child was removed in all hasto to the residence of Dr Heard. Owing to "the position of the cut, and tho intense pain it was causing, Dr Hoard found it necessary to administer' chloroform (remarks the " Age ") and having put nine stitches in the wound the littlo fellow was removed to bis home. Had the cut been an eighth of an -inch deeper the artery would have been severed, and nothing could liavc saved the child's life. Mr Neil Campbell has been instructed hy Mrs Key (who has sold the freehold of the Wallington) to sell hy auction, without the slightest reserve, at the Wallington Hotel, Qucenscliff-road, on Wednesday, 6tli June, all the household furniture and effects, groceries, wines and spirits, horses, dairy, stock, drays, carts, buggy, farming implements and garden tools, etc., etc. Mr Fisher, postmaster,- is going away for a wcll-camcd holiday for thrco -weeks. Mr H. Huiler, who relieved Mr Fisher on a previous occasion, took'chargo yesterday. Mr H. ~F. "Richardson notifies his usual sale of fruit and vegetables thi3 day at Q.30 a.m. Messrs Robinson, Burns aud. Sparrow will sell by public auction at half-post 12 o'clock this day, at the Rale Yards, Ryrie-street, -17 acres land at Lake Connowarrc. Messrs Hcndy, Lcory and Co. will sell by public auction, at their ofiico, 52, Malop-slroet, on Thursday, 7tl> Juiic, two properties at Jan Juc, one of 0 acres 23 perches and tho uther of 15 acres; also, house in Bayley-strcet, Geelong, now hi the occupation of Mr Peter Burns. Our readers will notice thatin an advertise ment m another column the Anglo- Prussian Tailoring Company are offering prisos to their customers holding Iheir coupons. • Next Wednesday evening a lecture oh " Equatorial Africa " will he delivered in the Aberdeen-street Baptist. Church hy Mr Wm. Lucas. . Mr W. Purr will sel( by auction at the Ex hibition Exchange, to-rlay, at 12 o'clock, furniture and sundries. Tlio weekly temperance meeting will bo held this evening in- the Temperance Hall, Little"] Malop-strcet. 