CHAPTER XII.—A Rash Act. XiiUAv flvslJiot Pierce Vaturhau propose to ample fortune for the dlsappoinudem u.. uncle's will had occasionedhim ? vBad ■ no done so, much that was troublesome and dilli oult would have been overcome. t But it waa not in Pieroo \ aughan a nature to let byegones be byegones and seek philo-, aopbioally to make the best of life. He must for ever he fretting and searching and intriguing. Were it not for such as he the world would roll on easier wheels, hut then perchance misdeeds and oruel wrongs would frequently pass unpunished. He had a grudge against Clement Dun raven for robbing him, as he considered. of his birthright. Cheating him out of A.l>oyne Court, as ho shrewdly suepeoted, by no fair means. He was resolved to leave no stone unturned until he had in some way revenged himself on Sir Clement. ... All this was far nearer his heart than either Elvira Delano or her gold. , . Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira was, she scarcely of late unsurped the first nlace in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Pierce Vaughan was oouldbe credited with, feelings. _ . Elvira herself thought that Lady Maroia , Foliambe was her rival, but in this Bhe was mistaken. Lady Maroia was mere y ia useful friend, a Bteppmg-stono by which Punoo hoped to carry out some of the schemes he The individual for wnom he had elected to oonoeive a passion, probably because sho avoided and flouted hi,n-wasLisheth Glen ^No11 more complicating or disastrous at tachment could, under the circumstances, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vaughan came down to Brent wells to stay at Lady Maroia’s, and protend to the world that lie was the devoted oavalier of the gashing widow, it was because he knew that Lisheth had returned to the CoicshiU Cottage, and that he could occasionally walk over and, as ho hoped, improve the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen dinning’s departure that lie started across the fields to pay his first visit. How he would he received bo did not know, and—new sensa tion to this blase cynic, ho dreaded the recep tion he might meet with from Lisbetb, pro Burning it should be a oold one, until he felt as Bby and unoomfortable as a.^oyfl eighteen bound on a love affair for the first tlDTo reach the cottage from Bren twells it was neoessary to go through Ooleshill, and there he saw a good many of the idle;.m habitants standing about in groups, talking; among them waB the garrulqous old woman he had previously met in the cottage garden. Slie reoognised him at once and made a curtsey, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vaughan was one of those men who gave ‘ nothing for nothing and very little for a halfpenny.’ He might P.orohance got a halfpenny worth out of tins old hag, he thought, so ho called her to come and spoak to him, asking her what event of importance had occurred in which half at least the Coleshill population was bo interested. “ it’s either a ghost or a baokshder, vour honor, and no one oan just make up their minds whioh it is.” “ What the deuoe do you mean by a ghost or a baokslidsr, old mother f’’ _ “ Why, Jim Glendinning, Lisbetb’s father, i as was convicted for a bad burglary and.got twenty years. In the flesh or out of the flesh he has walked through the town this morn ing, and Sam Styles, he do say as ho seen him yCupooh—nonsense, gam styles must have been drinking, and he had set you all off believing in the absurdities lie has Been in hiB cups. Jim Glendinning has been dead this many n. day. Old Josh toM Sir Jjouia all about it years ago.” . T “ Meroy alive, then it waur his ghost. I said as it waur. Lord, I feoi my baok is a openin’ and shnttin’. I see it mysolf. Pierce Vaughan laughed. “Yon have seen some strangor who has a resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what you all imagine Jim would be like if he were alive. And you get up as much sensation as if the world were ooming to an end. I thought the ColeBhill people had more sense. Upon ray word, I am ashamed of yon all. “Mi, you groat gtmts haven’t no belief,’’ said tho old wife with a sigh. It did not please her to bo oheated out of her link with tho supernatural, Tho only compensation for which would ho tho horror they would all feel at having such a vaga bond as Jim Glcndinniug onco more in their midst* tl I behove. in something,” replied Pierce Vaughan, still laughing, but looking very cynical. “I believe that a bit of coin will lay ' most ghosts ” He put his hand into his pocket, and at □ rat in ten led to give her half a sovereign ; the next instant.ho came to the conclusion that five shillings.would be enough. So ho banded her five shillings, and told her to refresh her self and her neighbors and lay tho ghost, for no good would come to ColeshiU as long as such-like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. She made him a deeper curtsey than beforo, and assured him his spirit would never walk ; ho would rest peacefully in his grave if only for that day’s kindness. "With five shillings Vaughan had bought tho good report of the ColeshiU gossips, and if he had not laid Jim Glen din Ding’s ghost, bo bad laid the talk his own occasional visits to tho cottage might have occasioned. Pa leaving the old woman after giving her this magnificent present, he said m a oasual I was going up to Aboyno Court, but I will go round by the oottage and see if Miss Clendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this nonsense.” Pierce Vaughan was never really happy unloss he oould pave the wuy for his next step forward. “So,” he muttered to himself, as he strode 1 on leaving the High street behind him,” that blaokeuard bus found his way down here has he, I shall have to bo careful, very careful, or he will spoil my game with Liabeth ; yet, , he is a useful man, a very useful man. Un .scrupulous people who will do your work for ', a consideration and who oan hold their tongues are not to be fallen in with every day, and this man oan hold his tongue. I -have discovered that by his reticence in personal affairs. Pity that Liaboth has got suoh a father, it will spoil her ohanoe of marrying. She is beautiful as Juno, a paragon of a woman, and there is no saying— were it not for him— hut that I—. If she only had Miss Delane’s money! Yon must not lose your head, Pieroe, you must not lose your head. There are many considerations to be studied.” . And so murmuring to himself he sauntered mat the front d*or. He was jast about to do so a second time when Lisbeth opened it, no very delightful expression ooming into her hand some face when she saw who her visitor was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill was she to bo free from this man’s assiduities 1 She would have bidden him go about his business and have slnmmed the door in his face, only expediency—the gaunt giant that sways so many of our notions—forbade it. ILisbeth found herself foroed to ho civil and look pleasant. ■three .minutes later Pierce Vaughan was oven sitting in the chair Clement Sunravon had oocupied on the previous evening and was gazing round the pretty parlor with a very approving glance. He thought that this beautiful girl was oven less “oftne people" than he had im agined her, if Bhe oould arrange her room with so much artistic taste. His eyes wandered from these surroundings to her face, and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly caused the hot blood of indignation to reddon Lisbeth’s cheeks, thus rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, oven more attractive than be fore, enhanced as her beauty was by the flashing of her dark eyes and the proud toss of her well-poised head. “ Teaoh not thy lips such soorn, for they were made for kissing, ladjr—not for such contempt," said Pieroe, quoting Shakspeare, though of this Lisboth was ignorant, since in book-loro she was wholly unversed. In fact, it would have been very difficult to have collected six books in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and oould read easily and write grammati cally,, she had always found too much work to do in her home to have time to sit and Notjhaving any intimate acquaintance, thou, r How dare he talk about kissing her lips, and in a fury she forgot expediency and bade him begone if he had come there to insult Her anger, however, had quite a contrary affeot to what she intended, for it served only to make him ten times more appreciative of her charms. , ,, He gloried that he had aroused the lion in her nature; still, he was shrewd enough to know that if she were to be won, she must be gentlv wooed. . , Ho did not, however, recognise what a difficult task he had undertaken. Not that he would have shrunk from it on that ac count. To find out what had passed between Lisbeth and his oousin, Clement Dunraven, was ever present in his mind, ana that he would do so with less difficulty, on aocciunt of his own newly-born infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt certain. "Ouiot down, soft dove, and do not let vour burnished plumage bo ruffled by a few luoted words. Come and toll me how you ike being back at Coleshill, and why you eB taped out of London eo quickly.1 . , So saying ho took her by the band and tried ;o induce her to take the seat beside him. He ittlc knew Lisboth or he would have been iware that each word he uttered, each sign so made, was rendering him more and more distasteful to her. She hated Pierce Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commenoing at her first acquaintance with him and intensified by the dread she felt of him when she became aware that he was Clement Dunraven s foe. If ho were going to add insult to injury by making love to her, thero was no saying to what lengths her fury, if not carofully guarded, might not lead her. The complications whioh naa Burrouuueu Lisbeth of into ware making her very desperate, and it is dangerouB for a man to nlay with a desperate woman even though that man be as olevor as Pierte Vaughan bolieved himself to be. . She started back from his touch,. tossm„ his hand from her, aB though a viper had Bt“°l will not sit down,” she said, ‘1 nor tell vou aught of mj affairs. You aro a gentle man ; I am humbly-born, seeking to gam my livelihood by honest means. Compromising myself with a gentleman like you will not he"I‘don’t know that,” he said, "you are augrv and do not see things clearly, or you would recognise that it is .good to have a friend, oven though that friend is an objec tionable gentleman liko myself. « I don’t want any gentleman ; it is better to starve and be honest.” “ Yet I am not the only gentleman .whose acquaintance you have made. Ah, L'sbeth, why should I te treated with a scorn you have not bcBtowed on — « On whom? What do you mean? You ara taking strange liberties with my lowly position, but you had best be oareful, Mr Vaughan, I am not so unprotected as you thi“of°crourso not. I forgot, your father has returned, and-’’ _... u.-i.-i,,., Whether it was with Sir Miles rseraeiey or Sir Clement Dunruvon that he was going, to link her, she did not atop to learn, for she in terrupted him with “How do you know my father has re turned ^ ^ deaf_ The whole of Coleshill is teeming with the news." , She was white aB ashes now, and held firmly to a chair for support. It was gall and wormwood to Lisboth’s proud nature to know that Jim Glondinnrag waB her father, and that townsfolk should know he had re turned. . . , “ Well, you seo, yon may want a friend, llemomber, too, that I am in- the law, and that my knowledge and eorv.cesare always yours to oommand. Come, Lisbeth, forg e ii I have angered you. I am a Bad bungler at winning a lady’s favor, and if you do not like the honied speeohes most women love, you shall have no more of them. She did uot beod the latter part of his senr I tenoo, but murmured: 1 " What hava X to do with the law ? Why should I want a lawyer to help me!” : It seomed os if Pieroo Vaughan’s offer was ' an evil omen, for if the law ever meddled with 1 Lisbeth’s affairs, that would probably be re vealed whioh it was tho aim of hor life to 1 keep hidden. Nor oould he have given hor any reason why ho offered law services, to he anewored lightly : “ "We none of us know what we may want. I would morely impress on you that you have a friend in onso of need, and ask you to forgot that my rash words have displeased you. Come, shake hands, will you not p” Somewhat reluctantly sho responded to his invitation and gave him hor hand, feeling a very Judas the whilo; for to have known that he had gone away for over to a distant land, or that ho had ceased to exist would have made- Lisbeth truly thankful. This man her friend—never—she regarded him as her bitterest foe. His interest was most to be dreaded in all the world, for was it not to his interest to unravel the dark secret ot her life and use it for his advantage and her destruc . Having gained his point and forced her into giving him her hand, Pierce Vaughan was loth to part with it. It was a shapely hand, und he hold it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore no rings ; since she dared not wear tho ring with which Clement Dunravon had wedded her, she would have none, though in her drawer upstairs, looked away with other valuables, were two or three that would have made the oyes of every con noisseur in gems gliBteu. “ If I bring you a ring will you wear it in remembrance of the compact of friendship wo have formed to-day P’' asked Pieroe, half afraid, nevertheless, of the answer his temerity might call forth. And in truth ho had once more roneod her ! ' M Rings are not for the like of me, and you are a bad man and a false friend to try. and compromise mo.” /* Rigid virtue L* Pattern of humanity .f Oh, Lisbeth Grlendinmhg, how shall I ever win you into believing in me?” ho asked. i4 Let me be ; go your own way and I’ll go mine. If ever 1 want you I'll let you know, that’s beat,” she replied, forcing herself into , the concession of seeming to be friends with i And may I nofc coma and sea you some times?” <f What for ? It's no good either to you or tno that you should be coming here. I am going to turn this oottago into a home for babies and old people, and to have gentle* men about will be Badly in the way." "Doyou mean to say that I am the only man who comes hero to see you ?" " That, 1 guess, is my business, and not yours, if I answer roughly ; but wishing to be polite, I say 1*11 have no men dangling about at all. The dootor and maybe the parson will he our only visitors.” “ And what about Sir Miles Berkeley P” "He is my grand father’s old master, and was left executor to his will. But he nevor hardly comes here. I don’t know though _ t should make these explanations to you. It isn’t your affair, isit P” nartlly why I si 4 " No, not altogether, but my deep interest in you makes me anxious as to your welfare. I hope Clement Dunraven has not wholly given you up sinoe he married.” There was a siokening feeling at Lisbeth's heait, and for a momont she folt as if she were going to faint. She managed, however, with a violent effort, to remain calm, but it was a oruoial ordeal through which Pierce Vaughan was putting her. "I never see Sir Clement,” she said, in a dead-level voice, “ but Lady Gertrndo has been bero Once about an old woman for whom she wants a homo. I wrote to Sir Clement atatiug what I intended to do, and his wife answered the letter in person. Are you satisfied?” ' He was not, he was perplexed, but he did not tell her so. Could it be possible that alter all there had never been anything between Clement Dunraven and this woman, that she was the rigid puritan she pretended. Impossible, the letter be found in the wood must have been from her; besides, various other inoidente that he bad noted pointed to their intimaoy ; to decide wlie^Jc' b.. ,.^«U‘v;in her and ue silent, thus sacrificing his grudge against Clement, or whether ho would let her go and embraoe’ the opportunity to part Clement from his wife and possess himself of his *^So great had become his infatuation for this woman who loathed him that he was al ready wondering whether he would not give up fortune for sweet sake. It were vain to press his suit further that day he, however, determined, and therefore rose to take his leave, telling her that not withstanding her desire to have no danglers” ho should look in when he was in the neighborhood and see how the home for first and second childhood was progressing. Thankful to be rid of him she accompanied him to the front door whioh she threw open to let him pass out. To her utter dismay and his no^mail de light, coming up the garden walk1 was Cle ment Dunraven. In the eyes of both men as they looked at eauh other was expreesed natural hatred whioh they both so strongly felt, but usually strove to conceal. . . , , , , .. Clement Dunraven had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glondiuning at Colesbul hence the reason of thiB rash act. He was anxious to duoover if it were true, and if it would make any difierence to hia he loved Lisbeth. “ Qui s’exoube s aoouso, as says tne Frenoh proveru. . T , Ho began an explanation about Lady Gertrude and a message which Pierce Vaughan in no wise believed, but ehrugcinc his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fathom the mastery that en shrouded Lisboth and his cousin. (to be continued.) 