CHRIST CHURCH, HAMILTON. WELCOME SOCIAL TO THE REV. CANON TUCKER. The Parochial Hall was crowded on Thursday evening on the occuion of a social arranged by the fodiev of the congregation of Christ Church to welcome the new Incumbent, the Rev. William Frederic Tuck-r, Canon of Towne- ville, Queensland. The interior of the building was prettily decorated with foliage, and on the wall, at the rear of tim platform, wae the word "Welfome" in letters of leavei end flowers. Seals, with little tablet containing light refreshments in front of them, were scattered all over the room, and nearly all were oocupied by kdier, the gentlemen having taken a raving commission, some of them, like butter flies, moving from one pretty flower to the other. Punctual to time (8 p.m.) the Bishop and the Guest of the evening, accompanied by the Revs. F. Thorpe (Donlmld) and J. H. St&ble; (Oondah), arrived at tbe Hall, and -were received at the door by the church committee headed by Mr- B. S. Bree, who conducted them to the platform. The proceedings -were opened with asong by Mr. Pallett, after which Mr. Bree introduced Cat on Tucker !o the audience, re- marking that their guest came among them aa a p-rfect stranger, but he trusted that they would receive him kindly, and tbst his stay amoag thvm womld be a happy one, fraught with blessings to them alL (Applause ) This wae followed by . song, "You and I," by Mrs. Gornmow, after wbioh His Lordship addressed the meeting. The Bishop said he had been cbuged with two messages ; one from Archdeacon Cooper, explaining bin absence on arahldiaconsl duty, and conveying bis warmest wishes for Canon Tucker's sauces end happiness ; the other from Canon Meroer, who bad so efficiently served the parish daring the Jete interregnum. Canon Mercer bad been mush gratified by tbespeeial wish oonvsjed to him that he would remain for tbe meeting ; but there were reason, that made his return co Rail are t aertn a duty. The Bishop went on to apeak of the deep interest and Im portance of the event they were celebrating. It was a very old (and not over-wise) pastime to disparage ministers of religion, bnt no influsnoe in a community was really deeper or more lastieg than, a wise end fAihful clergyman's. On this the Biehop enlarged, and entered his protest against the oft-repeated statement of the Press, that ministers of religion ware con stantly complaining of the increasing ab senteeism, especially of men, from public worship, thegrowing "aloofness" of the people bom rheir ministry, and the dwindling of con gregations The Church of England, at any rate, made no snoh complaint in this diooese. In Bellarat, since he had known it, four of the ohnrbhes had been enlmged, and though the population bad hardly increased, all were for better attended than formerly; and in the bush, though no "popular preacher, and anything bnt a novelty,' be himself hardly ever faced any bnt full congregations, including, not only a fair proportion, but often . majority, sometimes an overwhelming majority, of men. Of oomse he did not deny that great improve ment in regular church attendance was desir able, but in tins diooese at any rets it had been steadily advancing, and the plaints which tbe Frets alleged were not indolged-fo. The remedy suggested in one quarter was, resort to "ad- anoed ideas of church service," which waa ex plained to mean " humorous ways that mode everybody laugh," ' ' dramatic action and ges ture," "language embracing the hatter clans eltng.of the day," and "to invoke the aids of the trained actor." He (the Bishop) would be sorry to s» his dingy making any attempt (certain, in most cases, to end in ridiculous failure) to resort to these expedients, which he failed to traoe in the methods of the inspired apostles and first preachers of the gospel, who achieved the greatest religious successes of history. He had not a disparaging word or tbonght for the exceptional evangelistic doings of revivalists, who, from time to time in church history, accomplished great things in awakening interest in religion among a pathetic populations ; but " the better muse not be the enemy of the good;" end the moral of auoh successes was wrongly drawn, if they were used to bring into discredit the steady, patient pastorate of devoted minister,, labouring on a systematic and oontionons plan, to influence by example, as well as preaching, the place they lived in. Mora lasting good was often Wrought, by degrees, by the holy example and personal influence of auoh men, even thotqi not possessed of the gift of smart and exciting rhetoric, than by spasmodic religions agitations, which had their place and func tion, bnt too often died down into re action. The analogy in Scripture of the minister's work was that of the builder, the shepherd, the husbandman, tbe cattle-feeder, the pearl-seeker, the fisherman ; and though the last sometimes netted exceptional hauls, the idea suggested by inch industries on the whole was, , patient, gradual, persevering methods, rather than "lushing." God's work, as a whole, could not be . " rushed," the steady regular operation of law prevailed in the spiritual as mil as tbe'nstoral world. Hamil ton was a fine example of the veins and result of a wise and methodical pastorate ; and now, in succession to one of the most instructed, sagomoos and devoted clergymen in Australia, he (the Biehop) had beckoned to their head from a somewhat different work in the far north, one whom be believed thoroughly capable of taking op and developing the highly organiesd religions machinery of tbs parish. He (the Bishop) had for many yean triad to do the best he conld for Hamilton, iu providing it with fit ministers, and delivering it bom unfit ones, at any cost of unpopularity and misconception ; and he ventured to believe that those who knew best would be readiest now to admit that the Bishop had been right in the past. (Applause.) He thought they, would find that he had been right now. Their new olergymsn was, first of all, a minister of the Gospel, bnt be had shown himself to be intouoh with all the innooent departments of a people's life. He had' been requisitioned to enter the Queensland Parliament, but replied that his life had beea consecrated to the Church's service; yet ha had (most pro perly) taken keen interest in the brooder and higher political questions of the time. He bad been elected captain in tbe local forces in the North ; the Government had rejected the -election, aed he had to serve as chaplain only to tbe troops ; but he was in to nob -with that mlliraiy spirit and discipline, mora of whioh it would be an admirable thing to see introduced into our church life. Like Henry' Martyn, who said his conversion had umpired him with a fresh and keener relish for all that was beauti ful and sublime, he had shown a deep interest in art, and had been elected to a high position in' connection with it iu the North- All this revealed a men of many tides, and he (the Bishop) believed his aneaalon to Hamilton, would be e boon to the entire community. But above all he aimed to be a soul-winner. In that might God prosper him, foam these first hours of his minister onward 1 Hamilton bad given him, ai a dweller, in the topics, a cold welcome in pioint of weather ; bnt Spring and Summer wore before tbom. Might hie spiritual sowing among them be abundantly successful, and might he have many sheaves to carry at the final Harvest Home 1 The Rev. Oanou Tucker, who was reoeived with hearty acclamations, aaid that when he had come down herefrom tire North of Queens land and had iron their kindly fooes he bad felt like coming home, although he had oome to a people whom ho did not know, and to whom he was an utter stranger: After his arrival in Queensland he sometimes had a presentiment that he would not remain (here long, and this bad proved to be true, as there bad come the invitation to him suddenly by wire to come over hare to a people he had never seen. He h&d; seldom taken an important (tep without experiencing a fear that be hid done wrong, bat he. bad bad no sucih feeling in this In stance. It had been no light matter for him to leave Aha aoene of hia former labours, for he had to leave many dear friends behind, and, he oould confidently say it, many wfaodeariy loved him, and if he were askBd in his dying boor' wham he should prefer to . be put to ' rest ho would any at Charters Towers. Having so many dear friends there tbey conld' imagine that it was painful to htm to leave. However, he hoped that . bis stay amongst them would be a blasting to them tod to him, and thai he had come bsre to save many soula. They most not imagine that he had come here without a. blemish, he haabad the reputation inQoeensBuid of preach ing long sermons, bat that evening lie would hut keep them long, for he wished to have time fo shake hands with and be introduced to them. The speaker > then chortiy referred to the re lationship between the pester and his flock, his duties to them had their -duties to Jum.- He had pome amongst them not with the intention of (toying a year or so, bathe beped, for many years, bnt they would have to make allowances for Ah ahnrtonruings, for ap one was perfect, wnd on hie pact lie would txomiae them tfaat he would etrive foithfolly to fo hhiduly. He hoped that be would sbortly.oome toknow tbemall in their own homes, ' hat they jnurt . have - a littia patience aait wonld talce some time for him to visit them adL Howan -the name «f -God the Father, the Sun «nd Holy Ghost he would po- zniaa tche, a faithful pastormnd honed tost whemhe wuuld be called to Jtns last amount he gate wished to thank them for the fcind rsoep- Aionaooordsdtohim. (Langtqqilause.) - : I yGinto.Inckm' theitewient reund iths rocm, aad-waaformally introdupctito. tbesapresent hy toe 8ewterigm«iiirArtotev Mti/L A, Jgpns, TheRm.K-Xlps'SL: .J.ft&tole; Eire delivered todrt addressee of : -Meltons, and Him Bloari aha Msosrs- fiaitiys tod Long enBrenad Abe -proceedings Hr fonder- Sng aongs.Hi: Moon staying the tononfltoi-; mrafoQie proceedingt torndnated tiuAtiy ttteatiML' r'cj 'v- - 