RELIGIOUS SERVICES. St. ANDREW'S MYERS STREET.- The Re -A. S. C. James preached yesterday on “The Christian doctrine of Holy Trinity," “In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of ! the Holy Ghost ” (St, Matthew 28th •Hjbxptor, 19lh verso.) Tho true doctrine «f the Holy. Trinity was a moat, magnifl •ccnt thing. That there is oho God, that Ho is supremo, and that prayer must bo 1 made to Him was a recognised fatjt. The popular idea whs that in God thoro are" three persons. That was not the; teaching of tho j Church, and never.hod boon. Three persons, cannot bo one. It happened all' over, the word person. The New Testament was written J in Greek, and in that language, tho -word person had an indistinct meaning. Tho Latin word 11 persona” mount faster. In our Inn* gunge the word bad ri more direct'mooning. There were throe snbsistenoios in God — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, yet at-the! same time one God. Calvin Was- very' ox** plicit eft the meaning of tho doctrine of.‘ the Boly Trinity. Tttoro was a . groat { deal of mystery in everything. With life*' you know you live, yot you , do hot Iruow what life really ia. Beoatao anything was a mystery to us wo could not say it was Wrong, It may bo a mystery, and' yet not bo contradictory. For example, in a rainbow there wore three SUbsislenbios, light, beat, and oolor, but ot tho same time it is one rainbow. It could not possibly exist without £hoso three subsistences. There couldjbo no <God without Son and Holy Ghost. The Soutb Sea Islanders show tho want of human n&turo.; «by kneeling to a picco'of blackened wood. Hn ■does not think that picoo of wood can protect -him, hut be thinks that God oan be in that ipiceo of wood. Bo must have something to worship. Anything not present ho •could not comprehend. The Christian doo* trine of the Holy Trinity did nob contradict. Jesus Christ came to shine on us a liglsL, and 1 by knowing the Son we may knew the Father-also. Tho rev. gontloman delivered an eloquent address on tho question, “Did Christ rise from the dead?’* and bo succeeded in proving tho difficult question to the satis ftaotton of the most sceptic. Bo showed how at,could bo proved that Christ) did rise from the dead, and showed tho feari, anony that existed in the gospels referring to ttbo resurrection. The coogreghtioR ia tho evening was very largo. Long Gully W-rs leVAn Church. —The Rev J. A. Oaborno preached at the above •church yesterday morning, - selecting as his text St. Matthew, 26tb chapter, 31st, 32nd quid 33rd verses: “When the Son of man shall come in His glory, and all the holy -angola with Him, then shall Ho sit Upon tho throne of His glory. And before Him shall he gathered all nations, and Ho shall separate them ono from another as a shepherd.dividoth bis sheep from tho goats ; and Ho shall sob tho sheep on His right band, bat the goals on, tho loft. ” He preached an interesting sermon on the judgment day, pointing .out, in con clusion,-that all would havo to stand before! tho judgment seat ono day, and urging them to be prepared with a good record for that ■ doy. The choir rendered '“The Lord is my Shepherd " and “Give bar, Oh Lord,” tor the usual anthems. Eaglbuawk Wesleyan CaUnon,—Tho pulpit was occupied at. the above church yes* terday morning by the RoV Charles Trogoar who delivered an excellent sermon on tho text, “For to me to livo is Christ and to die, is gain,’ 1 His -remarks were chiefly directed to, tho young popple of whom there was a good attendance In tho evening the Rev ?J. A preached from St Motthow 28tb chapter, 41st to 46th verses, tho subjoot being “Th'b doom of tho wicked." 'Church of Christ, TemrErange Hall.— 1 Hr T. W. Glover conducted tho services in the Temperance Hall yesterday. Alter the evening service ho hold a. temperance mooting which was, very largely- attended. The speaker said he wished to draw attention to* the ques tion of temperance. from a gospel aspect-. When ho was in England ho rend a leaflet written by tho Rpv. Cbas. Gar rett, headed, “Where are " the Nino?” The - leaflet stated that- out of every tea educated at Sunday school, nihe ' went to the bad. Hp could not boltovo Ibis awful assertion till be had made enquiries of the governors of. some of tho gaols, and then bo found it was too. true. , In Lancashire the children start to go to Sunday school when they are seven, and they remain till they are 70; in - Victoria the. young men and women when they reach the ogo of 17-.turn up their noses and say they are 'too big to go to Sunday school. He wished to say a word to tho young people hero, and bog of them' to continue to attend Sunday school,' They wore never too old to learn, never so good but they could be made hotter. Tho speaker then wont on to explain why they should cleave to the Sunday school even when they were past the ago of youth, and that was that they might he enabled by its in fluence-to resist the temptation of drink. It was drink that bad ruined those .men and women, once happy Sunday school : scholars,. but now pf gaols. If they did not believe what- ho Bold, let' them ask tboir -judges.. The-'united bench with one voice would say that drink-sent most of the criminals before them, A leading Sydney judge said that 9 out of every 10 divorce-oases wore caused by drink. He knew the women cf the' congregation were , doing what they could for those who bad fallen, bat ho implored them to do something to prevent Cbo others from, falling, and that they could by having nothing tn do with strong drink. 