GOORAMBAT. (From our Correspondent). A concert and ball in aid of the Goorambat Mechanics and Free Library was held in the hall on the 10th . inst., and proved a most decided success, the building being packed on both occasions. The con cert, which consisted . of a drawing room and variety entertainment, in cluded singers from St. James, Tunga mab, Benaila and the surrounding dis trict ; Mr W. Hall acting as interlocu tor, Mr W. Johnston and VV. Olarke as “ tambo ” and “ bones ” respectively. The performance opened with ‘'The Shepherd’s Evening Song,"’ as overture, played by Miss Rodger* and Miss S. Trewin, after which came the opening chorus, “ Sailing down the Golden Stream,” by the full company, which was nicely sung and loudly applauded. Mrs O. Albert then sang “I’ll take you Home, Kathleen ” a masterly man ner, being enthusiastically received. Mr W. Hall then favored the company with “The letter that never came,”in his usually brilliant manner. Miss E. Roscoe’s song, “The Old Folks at Home,” was very sweetly sung and received well merited applause. Mr W. Olarke came next with “ Half past Nine," and fairly brought down the house, being compelled to respond to an encore. Miss Susie Hall, who is the possessor of a very sweet voice, sang very tastefully “ The Bonnie Banks of Loch Lomon.” Mr R. J. Mitchell pleased the audience immensely with “ Two Little Girls in Blue,” being loudly cheered. Miss Bell sang “ One Heart Divine” very nicely; then Mr W. Johnston, who was in his best form, was accorded rounds of applause for his rendering of “Up dar in de Sky.” The last song in the first part was “Only to see her face,” by Mr A. Saunders. A finale, entitled “ Ghosts” brought this part of the programme to a ’ close. After an interval of five minutes the second part opened with a selection played by a full orchestra. “The Rose Queen,” given by Miss Rodgers’ pupils was considered by many to be the gem of the evening, and reflected great creditupon Miss Rodgers as a teacher of mnsic. Dr Connell’s song “ The Scout,” was splendidly re ceived. The public favorite, Mr W. Barlow, came next and kept the house in roars of laughter with “ How Rafforty won the mile,” for which he had to sing an encore. Mrs Albert then sang “His Coming,” and clearly demonstrated the fact that she is a singer of more than ordinary, ability. Mr Wilkes’ song, “ I’m off to Phila delphia in the morning ” received an enthusiastic encore. Miss Rodgers’ singing of “ They say that other eyes are Bright,’.’ being fautless. Miss E. Roscoe sang “The Silver Rhine” very sweetly and was well received. Dr Connell, in that grand old song “The Death of Nelson,” was greatly ad mired. Mr W. Green was loudly ap plauded for his song “ G^od Company.” A duet, “ Very Improper Indeed,” by Mr and Miss Hanlon, was given a very artistic manner. Miss A Vagg’a re citing of “The Life Boat ” was gener ally admired and greatly appreciated. Mr W. Barlow again appeared before the audience, this time in “ Teaching M'Fadden to Waltz,” upon which com ment is needless, being given in his best style. Miss Hanlon,8 song “ The Blind Girl to her Harp,” was rendered in a: -very feeling manner.. The last song on the programme ;was “The Toilers,*’ by Mr Hugh Moodie, and was undoubtedly one of the best items of the evening and worth going a long way to hear. The performance was brought to a conclusion by a laughable farce entitled “ Rem ’uns from Rome, or Hercules and Ajax." The following were the characters:—Mr J. Ellis (Chumps), Mr R. Mitchell (Arabella, bis daughter), Mr F, Ellis (Chips), Mr H. Trewin (Captain Smith), Mr W. Clark (Hercules), Mr W. Johnstone (Ajax). Suffice it to say all the dif ferent actors maintained their charac ters to perfection, and that .the piece kept the audience in roars of laughter from beginning to end. Special praise is due tp Miss Rodgers and. Mr J. B. O Hallorai) for ttye assistance they rendered, and it is mainly dge to their gntiping efforts that the affair passed off so successfully, A-bout fiO conples attended the danoe, which was kept kept going till daylight. . Messrs Ferris Bros., of Deyenish, supplied the music * and Mr J. Ellis acted as M.C. • 