A Jealous Woman. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.} 'Mr. Darloy said noMiins; to mo which led me to Buppuse such a thins,',' says Beryl, simply. ' Indeed, h» seemed to be very uareful in what he did say,' only rpm.'mberinr' now that she had Hncotrciouslv won the young man's love, she cannot somehow raise her eyes to her lover's fnce. ' There, cbild, think no more about it.' Edward Vane speaks kindly, and yet Beryl fancies that he half doubts her all the while. ' It is the work of a mutual enemy, I have no doubt,' and with these words the matter ia dismissed. Yet he can.iot doubt her after all, since a few days later he is beggintr Beryl to let their marriage be very aeon — almost »t once— this is what he says. And when he speiks of the many years of his life which have gone by unblessed, Beryl cau but yield, and so it is finally arranged, the girl herself living apparently in some fair, golden droam, the while others talk and arrange things for her just as they will. But presently there omnes a break to all this calm. Sir Richard is returning, and instantly, in wholesome fpar of his wrath, his wifeentn.'atn Lady Keith to tabu her back, aiid, further, that they will none of them say anything as to her hnving left them, and so, for Sir Richard's sake, who was once upon a time, in the days which are gone, her faith ful lover, Larly K-ifch promises, willing to spare tha good man pain, though she half blames herself all the while. And thus it comes to pass that the dis turbing presence of Lady Batt-snsby bolls sway in the quiet houaehnM, and Edward Vane takes his departure for town to superintend there his fiancee's marriage settlement, but really more to escape Lady Keith's troublesome guest, as his adopted parent is perfectly aware. Beryl, too, is a little cast down at the prospect of having her again so near ; but then, she will be brave and not mind, and by and bye, when the marriage is OVrtr. whv f-.hfin hVip will ho norfonfclTT safe and happy fcoo. Lady Bsitegsby miiken her appearance just as the eveniag 13 closing in, and Lady Keith and . Beryl, sitting in the firelight, are enjoying their afternoon tea, after the homely fashion they both love so well. They have been expecting her all day — not with any pleasure, to be sure — and now, behold, at last she is here. She sits down at once, and begins to chat gaily, as is her wont ; yet ^the others think, as the fire lighi flashes revealing her to them, ever and anon, that her face looks teiriblv thin and worn, and \- that a troubled, hunted look is in her eyes. She seems gay the whole evening through, and by and by wi.en all have retired to their rooms for the night, she taps at Beryl's door — she is not gay now ; no ! and Beryl halE wishes as she stands before her th»t she had not come. ' I am come to have a little talk with you,' is her rattier harsh, greeting, and Beryl standing before her, and noting the marble hardness of her face, though it still wears a smile, prepares hereeif for what is yet to come. 'So you think you are going to bp married?'1 The smile is a little more pronounced, though from her way of speaking both tongue and throat seem as though reluctant to do her bidding. ' Yes, I am to he married at Christmas.' Beryl resolves to make at once a bold stand, and so keep her enemy at bay. ' Then I pity you, with all my heart.' There seems no pity, however, in her tone. Beryl lifts her head with a haughty gesture, and the other continues, in a voice of well-nigh wither ing coatempt, ' Of course you think that you are going to be happy ; but I say that if you are wise you will yet heed my warning. Edward Vane does not love you — he loves another. He does but choose you to bear his name, because that with you will come to bitn the other half of Lady Keith's wealth — you are joint heir vjitih him. I know it, for — Sir Richard told me.' Beryl's face changes somewhat with this last, nevertheless her faish in her lover is still un broken. ' It may be so with regard to Lady Keith's will,' she says, lightly. ' I know nothing of it. I only know that no power on earth shall shake my belief in — Edward Vane.' 'You 'think you have ensnared him by your simple ways, but you will yet 6u£fer for your belief. He does not love you, and I declare solemnly that if there is a marriage it will simply be no marriage at all.' ' If you speak to me in this way again,' and Beryl dsaws har slight figure up to its full height, the while she looks down upon the other with infinite scorn, ' I will tell Lady Keith, and Sir Richard as well, when he comes. I will not be insulted by you any m.ore, without exposing you — remember that.' A wild look aspf an animal at bay sweeps athwart the worn, yet beautiful face, and the next moment she is grovelling upon the floor at Beryl's feet. ' Forgive me,' and she clasps her hands together. 'I am not happy. I — I scarcely know at times what posseseB me. I will never Bpeak to you again !' Nor does 6he. Not that any words of hers could take from Beryl one tittle of the great happiaes of her life ; a happiness which beautifies her tender face yet more and more, as the days sweep slowly, yet grandly by. CHAPTER XL ? Christmas i3 now drawing near. Sir Richard has returned, and now the period of their stay iB fast drawing to a close. He is not invited to stay for the wedding, Edward haviDg expressed a wish that ,- '? none save the Cbadwicks and themselves shall be ,, present at that time, and the last-named guests are exDectod now. some time during the week, next to come. Yes, it ia past the middle of December, and Beryl finds the avenue well nigh dark, as issuing from Elizabeth's (for the baby is very ill now, and she has been helping to uurse it) she proceeds to hasten back to the house. It is late, and she is half running, for the avenue is very long and lonely, when, darting from a side p.-.bh full upon her, comes a figure, white and ghastly, its face and clothing as well, seemingly giving forth a sort of phosphorescent light and so sudden, so terrible is the sight that Beryl, in starting back, somehow nt.nmhlpR n.nrl fallR tr- the rrround. A moment, and the figure is bending over her, with lint-white, shining locks op hair floating all about, and actually fanning Beryl's cb.e«k, us she stares upward, with eye3 which seem *b though they must stare, as though they can never close again. A knife or dagger shines in the hand upheld above her, and for very terror the girl cannot Bcream or cry — though, for the matter of that, she would not have been heard if she had. A vague thought, a long ing for Edward Vann, seems to pass through her mind, but thu hand is descending, and she cannot now even think, when a dirkness seems to loom before ber, and a voice (-'ir Richard's) speaks, as he apparently layB hands on the apparition and draws it back. 'Are you mad?' he cries angrily, and giving a shake to the figure he still holds, he-flings it from him, as it wtrej after which he turns, and taking Beryl's hand speaks kindly to her and assists her to rise. 'Don't be frightened,' he murmurs, finding how she still trembles and seems unable to stand. ?'?Indeed, it was no hing that ought to have Brightened you really. It was but Dora— my wife. I believe she delights in frightening people, and I dareeay she thought she should meet me ; yes, she meant to give me a scare, only that meeting you the temptation was too great to be resisted.' 'But she — had — a knife,' whispered Beryl , hysterically. 'Yes, yee, I know. It is something— I forget ' what — in a charade scene she was very successful in. She ought not to have done it, but— she meant to frighten me — she often pretends to in that way you know.' But Beryl did not know, neither was she at all aware of that which had really taken place. How that Sir Richard, returning by the back avenue and a side entrance, had inquired for his wife, and being told by Poarce that she hud gone out to meet him, had proceeded at once to his room, when hav ing occasion to viBit his wife's dressing-room he had seen one or two things about which he knew well was but used when she took it into her head to personate a ghost. And fond and foolish though ho was, ho had yet not been eo absolutely blind as to fail in noting Dora's jealous dislike to Beryl, was not blind either (though 74 he was too proud to own it), to the liking she evinced (though covertly) to Edward Vane. Ab, and other things he knew also, for my lady having restless days could but hope for restless nights as well, and eo— well some times, Sir Richard lparnt other things besides those .named, from her unconscious yet guilty lips even as she slept. He questioned one of the servants, and hearing Beryl was not in hastened out at once, only just in time Beryl thought, but no, Sir Richard could not believe anything quite so bad; a shock Beryl had had, and it would have been worse hud he not come and told her what it was, and re assured her. but — that would have been all. It is midnight now, and between sleeping and waking, Beryl in a half conscious way becomes aware of a slight sound of movement somewhere near. Inotinctively she glances away at the mirror opposite, before which a night lamp is burning, for, as she said to Roberta, she felt nervous to-night, and as though she cou'.d not stay in the dark alone ; indeed she would have asked the woman to stay with her, only that Lady ICiith always expected Roberts to sleep in her own dressing-room, and missing her, would naturally have inquired into the cause of Bt ryl's nervous fear, whereas, the girl had resolved, for Sir Richard's sake, to keep this con cealed in her cwn breast forever. Yes, the door was slowly opening — oh, but ever bo slowly, so that it was long (or so it setmed) before .he or she who opened it appeared. The face ghastly and white, as it reveals itself to her is that of Lady B*tten3by. In her hand she sfcill holds a something — the dagger again, so Beryl thinks. She tries to rise to scream, to sppak, but terror keeps her silent, and ho!ds her so that she may not move, and still the dreaded figure come, on, on, the cruel eyes gleaming yet more cru.lly than the brightest steel blade, which she now holds once again above the helpless girl. Slowly yet sutely it descends — Beryl closes her eyes with an effort; she will see no more, but she feels the touch of cold steel upon her face — the f-ice which has grown so in loveliness during the days of her love dream — she feels sure that her last hour has come, she does not, cannot resist, and— after this she feels nothing, nothing more. (To be continued.) 