FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. We shall very soon see the last of "The Forty Thieves." These enter prising vagrants have sung and danced their way into the hearts of the Ade laide public, who are inclined to be forgiving at the beginning of a new year, and of late they have been so excessively diverting that a much longer life might have been predicted for them. Still, the hat has gone forth that they are to die, and we can only hope that their demise will be such as the Pirate King of Gilbert's creation prayed for, an easy one. Considerable alterations have been made during the week in the bur lesque. New songs and dances have been introduced, and there has been manifest a desire to smarten up things generally, the result being something which has been appreciated by the patrons of the Theatre Royal. Nowa days we want to laugh, and we are not very particular at what we are laughing. Miss Marion Mitchell is still the bright particular^star of the Liliputian combinationj and her vocal efforts are nightly received with considerable applause, as they deserve to be. Mr. Harry Quealy adapts himself to cir cumstances in a manner deserving of the highest praise, and his burlesquo of a skirt dance is something that must be seen to be enjoyed. Harry is an excellent dancer, a remark that will also apply to Miss Lily Everett, whose sister is one of Williamson and Musgrove's ballerinas. A matinee is announced for Satur day, when the prices of admission for children will be 2s., Is., and 6d. As the pantomime is essentially a pro duction for young folks, there will doubtless be a very large attendance. On Tuesday "Aladdin" will be staged, and on Friday the bankers, who would not support a local produc tion, will have an " invitation night." The Norman & McLean Dramatic Company will open at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, January 20, in "Cinders." Mr. Albert Norman, who is at the head of the organisation, is well known in Adelaide, and his long connection with Bland Holt ought to stand him in good stead. Miss Blanche Lewis, who is also no stranger, is the leading lady of the company, and there are fourteen other ladies and gentlemen, some of whom will make their first appearance in South Australia. Mr. Cecil Sorrell, who is in advance, is making the necessary arrangements, and promises plenty of variety during the season. * * Mr. A. L. Cunard and his wife and children left Adelaide on Thursday morning on a Southern and South Eastern tour. They gave an enter tainment lastv night at Nairne, and to-night will appear at Border Town. After visiting several towns in the South-East the Cunards will cross over into Victorian territory, and they expect to be in Melbourne at Easter. * * sJJ Mr. J. C. Williamson was a passenger for London by the Ormuz on Wednesday. When he returns in September his partner (Mr. George Musgrove) will visit the old country. It is the intention of the firm to introduce a large number of novelties. * ■k ^ The Continentals are a conspicuous success, and Mr. Basse looks as happy as a bumble bee in a flower garden. Despite the somewhat cold weather on Saturday there was a very large attendance. Miss Ida Osborne was once more the principal attraction, and her singing was a great treat. On each appearance she had to respond to an imperative encore. Mr. Fred Smith was in much better voice, and his comparative failure of four nights previously was redeemed. On Wednesday evening there must have been considerably more than 2,000 persons present. Miss Ida Osborne sang delightfully, and general regret was expressed that this would be her last engagement at this season's Continentals. Mr. Smith got through his numbers with a fair amount of success, though his persistent attempts to finish off on a top note beyond his powers were somewhat distressing. His enunciation, however, is excellent. Mr. Phil. Langdale is an artist with the bassoon, and his manipulation of this extraordinary instrument gained for him much applause. There may be a doubt in some minds as to the suitability of the bassoon for solo work, and certainly in inexperienced hands it would be provocative of torture. Mr. Langdale makes his bassoon speak, and it alternately represents a woman's vocal organs and a basso of the Dondi variety, the contrast, which is sharp, being most mirth-provoking. The excellence of the instrument was demonstrated in the obbligato to "Alia Stella Con fidente," charmingly sung by Miss Osborne. To-morrow night an attractive pro gramme will be presented. Miss Amelia Banks, of Melbourne, will sing the Ave Maria adapted to the famous intermezzo from " Cavalleria Rusti cana." This item in itself should be a rich treat. Mr. Langdale will make his second appearance, and Mr. Smith will sing for the third time. Mr. J. M. Dunn, as usual, will act as accompanist. * sk 5k The Battle of Waterloo is still blazing away to good houses, and Manager Lockley knows how to work an audience up to a boiling-over pitch of excitement. This gentleman must be a bit of a genius, and he has made a good stroke in producing the Ghost of Napoleon. The illusion is cleanly done and mysteriously produced. There's another mystery — Lockley asks the audience to give him its loose cash to take care of, but strange to say the audience wont trust even him. * * * Alexander, the business representa tive of the Wirth Brothers, writes from Cape Town stating that the Circus has been most enthusiastically received, and has been pronounced to be the best ever seen in South Africa. The Wirths opened at the Opera House, Cape Town, to the following prices :—Boxes, £2 2s.; dress circle and stalls, 5s.; pit, 3s.; gallery, 2s. The season was for three weeks, and the business done was excellent. After finishing here the Wirths were due at Johannesburg, where it was expected that money would literally roll into the treasury. Judging by an interview with George Wirth which has come to hand, the Wirths intend to make a very long stay in South Africa. * * * Mr. J. P. O'Neil and the company with which he is associated have been playing " Snared" at Hudson's Bijou with success. On Wednesday evening Miss Annie Cochrane, as the result of only six hours' study, took the leading lady's part with much credit. * * Mary Ward, a member of a dramatic company that stranded in Palmyra, O., started for Philadelphia with the others. They walked on the railroad tracks, and were allowed to ride some times on freight trains, but in Pitts burg Mrs. Ward became so weak with hunger that she could go no further. The charity officers of the city sent her to Philadelphia. * * * People will think better of young Mr. Sothern—or at least they will continue to think well of him—when they learn what he did recently. Like other actors of his sex, who are not too ugly, he receives many letters from girls expressing that sentimental ad miration which is roused in the breasts of people who are unable to sever the actor from his part, and who regard him as a creature of romance and a wonder of courage and generosity. The other day Mr. Sothern received a gold matchbox, with his initials on it in diamonds. It was accompanied by a letter signed by several young women of Brooklyn, begging his acceptance of the gift as a mark of admiration, and asking for his autograph. The girls got their matchbox back again pre sently. With it was a note from Mr. Sothern saying that, as he had never been introduced to the donors, he could not accept their present, and expressing a little surprise that they should have sent it to a stranger. The girls cut up his letter, so that each of them might have a piece of the precious manuscript. They say of Arditi, who is in New York to'conduct Patti's concerts, that, in company with Mrs. Valleria and other singers, he joined a coaching party and went to Stratford on Avon, but he showed no interest in the famous house and church. Somebody told him it was where Shakespeare lived. He asked who Shakespeare was. They told him that he had written " Hamlet" and " Romeo and Juliet." "Ah! yes," he replied, "ze librettist." * * * Miss Ada Crossley intends shortly to leave for a twelve months' stay in England, her principal object being to take lessons from the famous Madame Marchesi. She will also accept a few engagements, and as Madame Belle Cole will be on tour in this hemisphere, the Australian contralto should have special opportunities. Before starting Miss Crossley is to be tendered com plimentary concerts in Sydney, Mel bourne, and Adelaide. Visitor—"Is your father out?'* Bobby — " Yes." " Where has he gone?" "He hasn't gone nowhere* He's in the smoking-room, playing nap with sister's beau." " I thought you said he wasn't at home." "No, I didn't; I said he was out" 