Under the Shadow of Grime or THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAYEN. < i mj i , . j, Now First Published. 3 By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Authga-of a "Girl in a Thousand," "Sealed ' / by a Kiss," "By Fair Moans," "Touoh and Go," &o.; 1 / All Queensland Riairrs Reserved. OJiafQIER YI. — (Continued.) ( 1 "When you return to Coleshill what flo you mean to do ?' he asked at last rather suddenly, and LiBbetbL looked very hot ' and Bhy" as she stammered out that Bhe did not know. ' "Would it not he as well to sell or lot the cottage and take a situation ?' he asked. 'Lady Marcia Poljambeor Lady Gertrude Dunraven would, I am sure, interest themselves in obtaining one for you.' Lisbeth shivered from head to foot, as , s if n suddon gust of cold wind had entered the room in which she sat. Lady Ger trude Dunraven interesting herself for , her ; great heavens, it was more than she could bear! She managed, however, to suppress ; her emotion, and to say : ! ' I do not know if I eould go to service. I X am not uccustomed to other people's I ways, and I have never been trained.' ' You are not too old to learn, and you i are olever and quick,' he said, laughing. ' ' But have you formed no plan for your future life?' . ' Perhaps I might nurse sick people or take in children to bring up. I should like to stay on at the cottage, but it all depends on ' ' On what ? ' he asked, still thinking she had learnt about her father ; whereas she was thinking of Clement. ' "Well, on a hundred and fifty things,' she answered. ' I can settle nothing until I get home and have righted tho old plaoe up a bit. But it is very kind of you, Sir Miles, to interest yourself in mo, and I feel truly grateful to you.' ' You will lot me help you — if I can ?' he inquired, speaking earnestly. ' Re member we are very old friends. I can recollect you as a tiny child when you used to ride about on old Josh's back. Promise you will let mo help you.' The tears came into Lisbeth's eyes. If ever you can help me I promise to I ask you,' she said, 'but I expect I shall just have to work on like other women. 5fow I think I must be going. I have already taken up too much of your time.' She rose as she spoke, and putting on her gloves, while Sir Miles paid the bill, they left the restaurant together. Once in Oxford street they both looked unthinkingly round to Bee that her im portunate waylayer was not in sight. He had departed in all probability never again to cross Lisbeth's path, but someone far more to bo feared in the future met tbem face to face and stopped to speak in a jeering tone. The newcomer was Pierce Yaughan. CHAPTER VII. Raising a Ghost. . It is the month of roses. Glorious i sunny June. The gurdens round Aboyne Court are radiant with perfume, and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Gertrude worships beauty in all 1 its forms, and roseB are her espeoial pas sion. v Carious old china howls from almost every known pottery manufacture both in and out of Europe, stand about in un expected nooks and corners, and are filled everywhere with tho queen of Rowers. 'But in the library is the greatest pro fusion. It is Lady Gertrude's favourite room, as it was Sir Louis's, perhaps for the reason that it is the sunniest in the house, and from it, Pronoh windows open on to a terrace, beyond whioh lies the lawn and a panorama of fertile scenery stretching far uWuy for miles. Tho library is scarcely, however, the staid, bookwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With now heirship have come new ways, and, Sir Clement professing himself to be absolutely in different as to what changes are made, Lady Gertrude has filled the room with hnr wnmnn'H knifik-knaoks. almost to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the bookshelves. It is in the library that Lady Gertrude reoeives her intimates for o oolock tea, the drawmg-room being reserved for gala days- of whioh as yet there had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any large gathering, giving as an excuse, the plea that it is too soon as yet after his unoles death for them to invito thoir friends, except quite quietly. In this, no one can gainsay him, yet it is soaroely ClementBunraven-s real motive for objecting to society. The fact is he is a changed man since his marriage, is perpetually starting at shadows, and the intercourse with his fellows in which he used to delight, now fnghtons him. He skulks about tho grounds lor the moBt part alone, and is tho very shadow of the onoe gonial Cloment. in spite of . his aooesBion to wealth and title and the \- fact of his being the possessor of the most charming little wife in all the country side. Everyone notioos the ohango. oven Lady Gertrude, so backward as a rule no think there is aught amiss with her Clement. -. They are standing together at the library window, looking out over those broad aores whioh are all bis now. Her hand ib on his shoulder, her pretty oyes are looking up into his face. What ails you. Clem darling. I feel sure that you have some worry. Why not confide in your own Gerty ? You will never have a truer or moro sympa thetic fnend than your wife.' There is nothing tho matter Gorty. I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it -is to ask therfe foolish ; questions.' Bhe shook her head and pretended not to see the irritability of manner by whioh those wards wero acoompamed. ' You are deoeiving me. you naughty darling. If nothing is worrying you. why are not you obeory and laughing as you used to bo? > 'I suppose because I havo rosponsibili- ties now which I had not then. One cannot always be a boy, my child. A good deal depends on me now , whioh I hod not to flunk of a few months ago. Tou forget that I am a staid Benedick,' ' Bhe turned from, him .with a pout. ' That just is it, you are sorry you married ' me, and you never oeaso regret-, ting it.' What could ho say ? How answer, this unexpected outburst. \ ; Was it, not the truth ? . / ; Trip answer somowhat astonished her, it Boomed to come so really from his heart. : . . . t ' Gerty, never, never say that again UnleBS you wish to make mo too horribly unhappy, never upbruid mo by saying I regret tho day I married you.' And yet, did ho not rogret it more and moro, eaoh hour ho lived ? Ay, regretted it tho more intensely beoause he was learning to lovo alitor a fashion, this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. Sho was not tho passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lishoth, nor could he ever feel that ardont longing for any other woman ; still, ho loved sweet Ger trude. And by the strange anomalous crookedness of his nature it was Lisbeth not Gertrude whom he had of late begun to regard as intruder. If the truth over came out, he would lose Gertrude — there lay his fear. He eould trust Lisbeth, ay, to the death;' then,' why 'need he quake? Yet, it would be better if she were dead— she and her child, whose existence -was suoh a reproach and remorse to him. Could he be a reallyhappy mad until they were both laid in their graves. Each day he was more and more "im pressed with the feeling that relonsB from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet thore seemed no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must hear his burden as lightly as he could, and make life as happy as possible for the dear confiding little wife who had trusted him so completely that she had asked no questions about his pnst. It was therefore a terrible shook to him to discover that slie fancied ho regretted his marriage. Ho did not regrot it; was not Lady Gertrude the woman in the right place, far moro fitted to he chatelaine of Aboyne Court than tho lowly .Lisbeth ? Ho eould be perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear and remorse, those twin demonesses, would not obtrude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if Gertrude's voico wero to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseless reminders, life would become utterly un bearable. Hence the sharp cry ho uttered in nuswer to her suspicions. " She knew at oneo that she had wounded him and tears of sorrow and repentance came into tho eyes that gazed into his. ' Hy Clem, my beloved,' she said, 'for- givo me. It was mere foolishness that me made speak so. You have spoilt me until I have grown reokless of speech and taunted you with what I know does 'not exist. Forgive me — you will ?' Her arms were about his neck and his -head drawn down to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kiBS on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler announced — ' Mr. Pierce Vaughan.' Always, as usual, on the wrong spot at tho wrong moment, Pierce vaughan walked in with tho stereotyped Mephis- tophelean smile which usually irradiated his sinister countenance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To ho caught spooning by Pierce' Yaughan was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the con viction that ho wob laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, hut for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would over havo guessed. He did not appear to havo noticed anything unusual on his entrance and held out his hand to tho present owners of Aboyne Court with much apparent cordiality. ' ''We have not seen you for some time Pierce,' said Sir Clement a little drearily. ' "Where are you staying ? ' 'At Lady Maroia Polj umbo's. Sho is the only individual about here who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead.' 'What a reproaoh,' cried Lady Ger trude, ' unmorited too for we havo been away so much and are scarcely settled here even now. Of course, you know you are as welcome now as you were in Sir Louis's time. Are you not Clement's cousin ? ' She looked round at her husband ex- nectiner him to endorse thin nlmnsl- gimVi. mg weloomo. but Bhe was disappointed by the very cool manner in which lie said. "V ery glad to seo you. Pieroe." Ho would not have said it at all if ho had not been absolutely compelled, and no one knew this better than Pierce, although he Bmilcd and showed his white tooth and to all outward appearance aooepted m all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. l or a fow minutes they all throe talked cordially enough on topics of interest in connection with their neighbours. Then. Lady Gortrudo having rung tor ton. Sir Clement rose when it came in and said, not being a tea-drinker lie would leave Pierce to her tender mordios as he wished to give his bailiff some orders bofore the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Dunraven been a man' who thought seriously before ho noted ho would prubahly not have boon weighted by the heavy load of trouble wluoli now oppressed him. aud very certainly it was not the least foolish thing ho qvor did when ho leit Piorce Yuughun alone with Lady Gertrude, not that Pieroe had any idea of making love to her, although lis had professod himself to he one of hor suitors beforeher marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation with another man's wife, but thore nre other ways of ruining conjugal peace besides love-making. He liud had a long walk, and was' rather tired, ho remarked, and the lady having nothing to do. but to tflMTiso and be amused, they sottled tliemselveB down for a good ohat about evervthmg and everybody. What Pierce Yaughan said, he would probably never have said, if tho oppor tunity had not been as it wore made for him. He oortainly had had no intention of doing moro than what ho called - look up his relatione.' when he started for a visit to Abovne Court. - Clement Dunraven had given - him one lead hy going indiBoreetly away; Lady Gertrude gavo him a second by an unwary question. Do you not think Clement is very changed and looks as if he had some ternblo worry?' she asked as she handed him his second cup of tea. . ; to be continued to-morrow. The entire population of India , do not spond Cd.jjer headuor. yoar for clothing. 