JiMOErGST THE 'SPOOKS.' . ? -s- ' Little did I think so soon A trifle of trick would change my bast of friends Into an angry gentleman,' was the complaint of Browning's ' Mr. Sludge, the Medium,' when, caught cheat ing, he found, as he feared, hia occupation gone and, as he felt, ' eight fingers and two thumbs stuck in his throat.' The caae o£ the 'lady medium,' Mrs. Mellon, 'ex- posed ' the other day by one of her i'rienda, Mr. Henry, if in one way not do bad as that of the half-throttled ' Mr. Sludge '— the lady was only gripped by the arme— -in another may tseem even harder, Bince she does not admit, as he did, the ' trifle of trick,' while the ' angry gentleman ' who so rudely assailed her was not merely a friend, but a gueet, a 'frequent guest,' as with natural diBgust at euch a broach of her confidence and hospitality she explain?, who had always appeared thoroughly to believe in her and on thia very fateful occasion,' the better doubtless to disarm suspicion ov conceal hia Judas-like intent, ' came laden with floral offerings.' Well, ' men were deceivers ever,' whate'ver 'mediums' may be, and it is not tho first time that a bouquet of flowers haa figured in tho process, but it must be Baid that if the meaoure of the faithless friend's deceit in this case were hia floral offering it was a very ' trifle of trick' indeed to the maes of deception which ho appears to have been the means of expos ing. His story is a very plain one. Sus pecting the deception, et a private eeance at the lady's house in question he suddenly ' gripped Ciesy (the alleged materialized spirit of a little coloured girl with a most human affection for chocolate creams) by the wrists ' and found, not to his surprise, that ho was grasping the fair flesh-and- blood lady medium herself, on her kneee, with Bhcea and stockings off, and otherwise ' made up' for the part. It should have been to no ons'a surprise. The surprising thing ip, or ought to be, that at this time of day any such exposure should bo necessary — that there should still be peo ple bo bent upon having ' each ignorance 3et at ease, each folly fooled,' as to follow Even for curiosity's sake the oft-exposed fraud which, in professing to do the one, bo effectually doeo the other. For of all the frauds or crazes-— and it is certainly the one or the other — ?which at any timo have befooled oi' possessed the credulity qv the eunooity o£ men thio im posture, we should aay, of modern spiritual ism is at once about the V7oakeot and the worst — tho worst in ita offence against high. Heaven ; the weakeofc in the miserable re* suits which in the way of manifestations oi so-called oupernaturaliam are all it has to show for itself. Yet this last, specially the unveiling o£ tho ' great mystery,' is its ; great profession, i£ anything is. It pro fesses to set at ease men'o ignorance as to the world beyond tb.3 grave, to give us evidence, audible and ocular, aa to the con dition of - departed spirit*, and the only inference to be drawn from its revelations is that their last condition is rather worse. than their first — that It this world is mainly a world of fools, that is largely a world o£ lunatics. Believing, as we do, that the me dium io a more op lees £01' the most part vulgar impostor, it is easy to understand why the opii'itual manifestations made ohculd bo mostly of the same character. But on any other supposition it is certainly surprising that spirit?, even the opirits o£ our dearest dead, should come from the grave, and yet be able to bring us no inspiring newo, no hint of — an ampler ether, a diviner air ? .. £roni those Fields invested with purpureal gleams, even to preach no now doctrine, repeat no old warning to doubt-troubled humanity, but at the utmost only to cut capers in the air with loose furniture and stray musical instruments, or moon about, in or oufc of the costume of the period, and make faces and and talk nonsense. This is about all that spiritualism, the new superaaturoliom, since the Borne twenty or thirty yoars ago of its invention in America, hao yet given us — no message from behind theveil that mortal man need care to listen to, no seeming miracle that any conjuror could not do as well or better, no ghost that under the old oi'der any decent churchyard would not have been aohamed of. Its apparition©, so happily termed ' spooks,' have nothing in or about them of the solemn awe, tho spiritual mystery and terroi? which mark your legitimate spectre— -a felt presence, ao oomeons haa it, not to be put by ; these, it would seem — and wo speak with all respect of the same ocientific authority which andoreed the ' Marble Man '— Mere gulleries, horrid things Invented by some cheating mountebanks To abuse us. 