STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. " Charley's Aunt" at the Criterion. The Sapio-Urso Farewell Concert. New Items at the TIvolI- Change of Programme at the School of Apts — " Morocco Bound." The scries of delightfully artistic concerts given bv the Do Voro Sahio and Camilla Urso Company was brought to a brilliant conclusion at the Centenary. Hall on Satur. aay nigut. l'inaing tnat -more remained but one opportunity to hear these ;ted at ti.ts, the public becamo fired with a suudou eagerness to accord patronage, which hud to Bomo extent hung lire, throughout tho eight preceding concerts. Anyhow, the hall was packed from floor to vauu uma ui uuuirs imTiag to bo introduced, whilst , fully a scoro of people wcra-contont with scats behind tho performers on . the organ platform. The. enthusiasm at vurious periods of the evening was such as even tho regular con- Cert-goer raroly encounters, and when tho last number of the programme was ended the great audience remained to give tho members of the company an immenso ova tion. Mdmo. Ho Vero Sapio, whoso voice at the opening showed slight signs of tho heavy strain to which it has been subjected, sang in brilliant stylo and splendid effect tho Canzone, " Mia Picci- rolla," from "Salvator Rosa " (Gomez). So fino a rendering of this number had not pre viously been heard in Sydney. As an encoro Mdme. Sapio sang "Lucia de quest, anima " ("Linda di Chamounix.") With superb dramatic Are and bril liant vocal effect Mdme. Sapio sang the strange scena " Cleopatra," in which tho grief- stricken queen expresses her longing for death, and urgeB tho asp' to do its fatal work with despatch. The liner— taken from the fifth act of Snakespoare's tragedy- were set to music by H. Hubs expressly for Mdme. Sapio. Despito the fine rendering given by the artiste named, the hearing was scarcely so interesting as we had ex pected. I<'or tho inevitable encore M-ime. Sapio sang the charming waltz tefrain, the work of her talented husband, " C'est Youz quo J'attend," and.being again recalled Bhe sang witlt vocal sweetness and tender expression, " Come back to Erin." Mdme. Camilla Urso commenced her series of triumphs by exquisitely playing Niels Cade's " Caprieoio." Recalled amidst a thunder of enthusiam Mdmo. Urso delighted her hearers by playing in perfect stylo tho Wicniawski " V.tlso Caprice," and as tho clamor for moro was maintained the eminent violinieto gave her admirers a fine broad melodious treatment of Raff's popular Cavatinn. Reing oncored for her playing of Wicniawski's "Russian Airs" Mdme, JUrso played "Tho Last ivos6 of uQtninci, UD&ccompAQicui; &Qd; with muted strings. This simple melody, played with caressing tonderncss, moved tho audi ence to another display of enthusiasm, and Mdme. Urso most good-naturedly re sponded by playing with delightful daintiness and delicacy the Bocchcrini " Minuet." Mosdainos Sapio and Urso and Signor Urso joined in a charming rendering of Gounod's serenade, "Sing, Smile and Slumber." Hcrr Benno Scberck further sus tained a justly exalted reputation by play ing a Chopin " Noeturno " and Rubinstein's "Caprice Polonaise " admirably. M. Claudius Deslonis sang the fine air from Massenet's " Herodiude," and being encored for a sploudid rendering of Fanre'e " Alleluia d'Amour," the French baritone sang with immense spirit and dramatic force an air from " L'Africaine." The duets for two pianos, "Sylvia" i (Delibea) and "Pus des Cymbales" ! (Chaminade), were capitally played by Sig nor Sapio and Horr Seherek. i Happy faces and merry laughter filled the I Critorion Theatre on Saturday night, when ! the Thornton-Arnold Cutnpany ropeated their excellent performance of " Charley's j Aunt." As Donna Lucia d'Alvadorez, "the I lady from" Brazil, where the nuts come i from, Mr. Thornton kept tho house in ! shrieks of laughter. "The Private Secrc- ' tary" is annonnced for Saturday evening j next. . ' Mr. George Rignold will to-night mark ! the close of his soveuth year of management i at Her Majesty's Theatre by reviving on a j scale of profuse liberality " Honry V.," a j play with which he, aB the kingly hero, is i closely and favorably associated. A largo j and distinguished audience will be present ! iuis evening. :j The cast of "Morocco Bound" was sub- j etuntially strengthened on Saturday evening ji by the inclusion of Miss Elsie Cameron, who, j! in succession to Miss Edna Graco as the ; Comtesso de la Blague, eang with vocal richness and expressive warmth "A Creole Love Song." Miss Camcrou, whoso popu- | larity was shown by tho cordiality of i the welcome, joined with Mr. Shine in tho duct and graceful dance " Back to \- Town Again." Mr. Elton intends shortly to introduce a novol dance, in which ho and | a lady member of tho company will tako | part. | The promise that every item would be entirely new was carried out to the lotter at the Xivoli Theatre on Saturday. Tho after- : noon and evening performances were both | patronised as they deserved, and long before : tho curtain rose on eaoh occasion the house j was packed. A cheerful feature of the eDter- i trunment was a musical comedy entitled ! " We, Usand Co.," in which Mr. Gus Bruno, Will Bovis, Billy Akarman, Cbas. Bovis, i Miss Marian Ainsworth, Miss Alma Obrcy, j Miss Helen Wilson and Miss Ettio Croucher |j took the leading parts. The farce concluded i with a soug and dance by the whole of tho lady members of tho company. MissTasma ! Sherwin was loudly enoorod for the ballads > " The Dream " and " Ah Clio Astorec," and i the " Drinking Song," by Miss Ada Baker. | aroused considerable enthusiasm. "Tho Toreador Song " was sung with honors by I Mr. Harry Fitzmaurice. Miss Rao Cowan's efforts were greatly appreciated, and this ; artiste is undoubtedly very popular. The j uiuese impersonation uy nr. uus loruuo >! was a highly meritorious performance. The ij comic song6 of Mr. Slado Murray woro in j Bpocial request, and he rondered some | favorite airs with groat spirit. Mr. Charles | Faning was accorded a flattering reception, ij being recalled in the second part five ,j or six times. His now song, " On i His Head, or Upside Down," was very clover, and elicited shrieks of laughter, Tho houBO was greatly aicusod by the love-letter joko by the same artist. Messrs. Chas. and- Will Bovis kopt thiugs i moving with their comic songB, and tho ij Anderson Sisters oame in for hearty ap- i clause. Mr. Clarence Lindon ropeated a :j wonderful act with the skipping-rope, i! "The Sisters Geo Up" was pre- j sented by tho vocal ballet, who were' |j accorded the usual recall. The acrobatic feats 5! Bhown by tho Faust Family and Lea Tinea . I were in themselves a good entertainment, ij tho various tricks being voaiforously ap- ij plaudod. In conclusion, it must be ad- !! mitted that there was not a weak spot in the i| programme, the intprost of the audience si being kopt fully alive from first to last. Tho j same oxcoilent show will be ropeated ?j throughout the woek. f The change ef programme at the Sahool | of Arts on Saturday evening was witnessed j by an audience whioh filled every part of the house. Tho corners were occupied by pi Messrs. W. II. Bont, Martyn Hagan, Frank | Yorke and J. Leopold, and Mr. Harry ij Barrington, as usual, filled the interlocutor's i chair. Each item on the first portion of the programme was encored, and each per former did his or hor part thoroughly. After the overture, " Tho Merry.makors," by the company, Mr. W. H. Ryan, who was in splendid voice, contribnted " Moonlight at Killarnev." Martyn Hagan followed with the comic song, "O'Grady'e Ghost," which was intensely amusing. Miss Lucy Eraser was encored for her exceptionally artistic rendoring of ' ' Tho 18th ' Royal Irish Brigade," and Miss Frisciila Vorno scored heavily in the serio-comic/ " Now, Will You-be Good ?" Mr. J. Mat lock gave a capital rendering of " Sad Sea Waves," and Mr. W. H. Bent was vcry'l successful with tho ctunio " I Didn't, I Couldn't." Miss Florrio Ford sang, by speolal request, tho coster soiig, "Garn Away," aod receiving a double encoro - nddod another nnmber. "Good-night, Be loved," was sweetly rondered by Miss-Kate Towers; and Miss Neva Carr-Glyn, who appeared rather nervous at first, was cnoored for her treatment of "Rnmomber or Forgot." Miss Rosie Abbott concluded the first part with her serio-comic modley, which was a great success. In the' second part Mons. Provo gavo a capital ex hibition his eleight of band. Miss Florrio Ford contributed several special; songs, including " A Nice Qni6t Week", and' "What Do I Care?" Tho "Hallelujah Lasses," 10 in number, appeared in a new and fascinating ballot, and Frank Yorko contributed his specialty, " Ketcheo Eight M.irkfl "KTovfc Timi " Mnrtun TTnrm.n -finrl Lucy Frasor expounded " The Art of Love." The Leopold Brothersand LittleNippor gave a clever acrobatic entertainment. Bobby Wat-' son added a budget of new, songs, and Misses Bartell, Moutti, Barton ,and Nugent executed the " Fasoinatiori Ballot." The 'programme was concluded with the highly- amusing absurdity, " Tho Untamed Savage," in which the characters were well enstaiued by Messrs, Martyn Hngan, H. Barrington, W. H. Bent and Frank York. Thesame pro gramme will fill the boards during the week. The presence of Mr. Harry Barrington's clever School of Arts Compaoy at Coogee Aquarium, coupled with favorable conditions as to woalher, attracted a large gathering to Mr. W. J, Larmour's pleasant resort yes terday afternoon. A programme of great excellence was gone through. The School of Arts, Baiinain, was filled by a large and appreciaiivo audience on Thurs day last, being the debut of the Marigold Juvenile Dramatio Society., and their per formance reflects great credit on Mr. R. S. Weir, who has taken great pains with their tuition. Tho operetta played was " Cin derella." The principal characters wors Cinderella, Miss J. Hunt; Fairy Queen, Miss I. Phillips ; Baroness, Miss B. Ilovell ; Charlotte, Miss A. Pondered ; Ulrica, Miss B. Hunt ; Tho Prince, Master A. Mnnroe ; Lord Pimpernel, Master E. Moyle. Daring the intervals recitations were given by Misses L Pondered, F. Wiimott and Masters G. Edwarde and E. Moyle. . The mastcrpiceo of the evening, was a recitation, "The Mill," by Master E. Moyle, whoso dramatic ability and groat elocutionary powers stamp hin) as an artist well fitted to occupy the place of many of the actors of the present day. Mr. A. Munroo gave a couple of songs, which wore highly appre ciated by the audience, the accompaniments being played by Miss E. Moyle and Miss N. Munroc. It is intended to produce tho nnarnhfn in nirl nf t.Vin Dulinain Pntkann TT no. pital at no distant date. Little Miss Issie Spring, the talented child pianist, has been astounding concert-goers in Adolaide and Melbourne by her wonder ful playing of difficult works. Miss Spring iB a strong attraction with the Cyril Tyler concerts. Master Tyler, by tbe way, has, it is said, fully justified all the "tall " things that wore said and written of him beforo he came to this country. Mr. Arthur Field-Wolrige gavo a lectnre on " Russia and Russian Christianity " in the Standard Theatre last night. The in troduction of Christianity into Russia and Kiev, the Holy City, with its chequered and story history, occupied a considerable por-. tion of tho time. Russian life was portrayed' under all phases and aspects. "How would Christian Socialism affect Love, Courtship and Marriage? " formed the theme of the Rev. Philip Moses's lcoture last night at the Protestant Hall, There was a largo audience, and Mr. Mosos's thoory that tho present social system of monopoly and competition must make way for the pnrer and simpler method of socialism, so that every man that will may have the opportunity of marriago without tho fear of poverty and ruin to the woman that he love9, met with hearty acceptanee. 