A DARING GAME. CHAPTER XLT. (Ctnntinued ) The young mnu « humility and RDguiRnea ' pleading touched the heart of Mrs. Paters, Jjut Bhe steeled herself against him and said : ' Mr. Black, I am sovry for you. I believe jftat yon meaD what you say now, but if yon Were once to get undur your father's influence 'again, Miss Lally would be qb unhappy ;-.e STer. I ndvise you to go back to Miss Wynde find leave Lally here. In time Bf.e may marry ®n honorable »nd upright gentleman, with Whom she will be far happier than she e ;uld flje with you.' A quick flash of jealousy overspread the youth's face. His eyes glared at MrB. Patera .With a hunted expression. 'She won't marry again uutil I die or the taw has freed her from me !' he exclaimed. ' I would never have proposed marriage to y;»a Wynde had I not supposed Lolly to be dead. She is my wife, madam, and I'll de clare her to be such until she herself forbids Die to do bo. If she marries any other man, I'll kill him !' 1 l'he young man's jealous fury was succeeded |-y an instant and terrible despair. 'Forgive me,' he Maid. ' What am I, to talk of controlling Lally's movements ? I liave forfeited all claim upon her and upon her forgiveness. If she refuses to take me back, I can only go to perdition. If she will stretch out her hand to Bave me, I will be her slave. Will you not take a brief message to her from me, madum — only a few words ?' I Mr. Peters fancied she heard a light step in the hall. She listened, but convinced of ber mistake, said nervously and hastily : js? 'I cannot convey your message, sir. I entreat you to leave Mies Bird in peace. I sepeafc that you cannot see her tinder this Roof.' ' How Bummarily you dispose of the happi jQesB and the very destiny of a fellow-beine !' Baid Eufus, despairingly and reproachfully. «« I would Bee her in your presence—' ' 'Ton cannot. Ton have prolonged this interview beyond bounds, sir. Take my advice and go back to Miss 'Wynde. I must Slid yon a good evening, Mr. Black. You can go out at this garden door, if you please.' , Mrs. Peters threw open the garden door, And a gust of chill wind Bwept in, nearly ex tinguishing the lights. Eufus hesitated, but the door remained open, atid Mrs. Peters looked so grim and stem that he obeyed her without a murmur and went out in a dead silence, his wild eyes giving her a last look of peproach and deBpair. A minute later, she heard his cab roll away from the house. 'I wonder if I have done right,' the woman muttered uaeasily, as she closed the floor. ' I have taken a great responsibility upon myself in deciding the fate of my young snistreas. 1 almost wish that I had let him gee her, but she is so young and tender and pitiful, she would be sure to take him back again. His eyes will haunt me. He looked as a man might look on his may to jBxecution.' At that moment the library door was tried from the ball and and an imperous little knock sounded upon the panels. ' Peters,' cried Lally from without, in an agitated voice, ' let me in ! Let me in !' Peters calmed her face and hastened to un lock the door. Lally swept in impetuously, her gypsy face Bglow, her black eyes full of fire, her chest panting. She held in one hand a gentleman's glove, which she bad just picked up from the Jhall floor. Her keen eyes swept the room and her countenance fell with dissappointment at finding Mrs. Peters alone. 'I heard a carriage go away just now, Peters,' she cried. Who haB been here ? ' ' Was is not the wind, miss ?' cried Peters, flushing. 'No, I heard wheels going down tbe drive. 'And here is something I found in the hall, Peters — a man's glove. Whose is it ?' ' It might be Toppen's, miss — ' ' It might be but it isn't,' said Lally, full o£ suppressed excitement, that made her Strangely beautiful. ' This is a gentleman's glove. See how soft and flue the kid is. JEhe colour is just the shade of lavender Eufus used to wear when he wore gloveB, and it lias just the jasmine scent he used to drop into his gloves. And — and here 5b one of the very glove buttons he used to slip from one pair of gloves to an other. I would know that small gold knob, With its chased edge, anywhere. Peters, he lias been here ! Eufus has been here !' The flushing, agitated face of Mrs. Peters Confessed the truth. ' He has followed us up from London !' cried Lally, her eyes glowing like suns. ' He Las come after me and traced me to this place. He loves me still — he must love me, Peters ! He must love me better than Miss Wynde !' , ' He said so, MiBS Lally.' 'Ah, then it is true ? But why did he go away without seeing me ? Why did you not call on me ? Perhaps he will give up all for me, thinking me still poor like himself ?' ' He said he would, Mias Lally,' said poor honeBt Mrs. Peters, driven to full con fession. ' He thinks that I am Miss Wroat and that you are Mrs. Peters, my poor com panion. And he says he loves you and wants to marry you ; but he is so unstable and cowardly, and I knew you ought to make a grand marriage with your face and your fortune and so — and so, Miss Lally, I sent '&im; off, and he's gone back to England and to Miss Wynde.' Poor Lally stared at her maid with dilating eyes and horror-stricken countenance. Then Jibe said, in a wailing voice : ' Oh, Peters, you meant well, I know ; but — but you've broken my heart !' And with a low, wild moan, Lully fel' forward iu a dead awoon. CHAPTER 3XII. SIB JX A H O Ir D ' S BETTTEW. That night upon which Eufus Black visited Heather HilJs and wan sent away in despair wae a wild night throughout Great Britain and upon its coasts. Ships were wrecked upon the Goodwin Sonda and upon the south and west coast. Over the open moors and heaths of the country the winds went roaring like unloosed demons. Women with hus bands at sea cowered before their blazing fires (hat night, and children in their b(;ds snuggled closer and held their breaths with very fear. Houses were unroofed in many placeo, chimneys were blown down and lives were lost upon bridges and country roads through falling timbers and uprooted trees. The gale that night was one long to be re membered for its wild violence, one so severe not living been experienced in Great Brituin for many years. Mr. Atkins, the Canterbury solicitor, sat in hia office until a late hour that night. HiB houre was in a pleasant, quiet street, in u good neighbourhood, and tbe lower floor was occupied by him at his office, the draw ing-room being upon the second fl -or and the family rooms above. The main office had an independent entrance from the street, with a door opening directly into the office — a con venient arrangement duly appreciated by Mrs. Aftfcins, aa it left the house entrance free to her family and gn-ets. The solicitor had changed somewhat since hie first introduction to the render. His hon est face had grown thin and eallow, his hair was streaked with gray, and there were anxi ous lineB about his mouth and eyes tbat told of unrest and trouble. He sat in a lounging chair before the fire, his feet on the fender. His family had long Bi'ace retired, and the hour was wearing on toward- eleven o'clock. His fire flamed up in a wild glow, the gas burned brightly and the red fire-gleamB lighted the dull office car pet and the well-polished furniture, making the room seem especially cozy and delightful. The shutters were lowered, but no care could shutout the sound of the mad winds career ing through the streets, clutching at resisting outer blinds and bearing along now and then gone clattering sign-board or other estray. ' An awful night,' Bighed the solicitor, 'I have a strange feeling as if something svere going to happen !' He shifted uneasily in his chair and bent forward aDd laid freBh coals upon the fire. Then he leaned back again and thought. The office clock struck eleven and tho loud slangor struck upon Mr. Atkins in his ner vous mood with singular unpleasantness. Before the echo of the last stroke had died aut, footsteps were heard in the street, un steady and wavering, as if the pedescrain were battlirig with the storm and found it lifficult to advance against it. ' Some poor fellow,' thought Mr. Atkins ' He must be homeless, to be out at this hour and in such a gale.' The stepB came nearer still and nearer, their sound being now and then lost in the tumult of the winds. They paused at the foot of tbe solicitor's office steps, and then alowly mounted to the door. ' Who can it be at this time of night ?' muttered Mr. Atkins. ' Some vagabond who meana to sleep on my steps ? Or is it some houseless wanderer who sees my light through the shutters and is come to beg of me ? It almost seemed as if it were tbe latter, for the office lights did gleam out into the black streets aud lighted up a patch of pave ment. A knock, low and steady was rung upon the knocker. Mr. AtkinB hesitated. He was not a timid man, but he had no client who found it ueceiBary to visit him at that hour, and his visitor, he thought, was as likely to be Bome desperate vagrant or professional thief as a honeBt man. The knock, low and faint and imploring, sounded again. It seemed to the solicitor as if there was something especially guarded and secret in the manner of it. He arose and took from his office desk n loaded pistol and placed it in his breast pocket. Then he went to the door and undid the bars and bolts, throwing it halfway open and peer ing out A man stood upon the steps, muffled in a a thick long overcoat, whose fur collar was turned up above bis ears. A slouched hat was drawn over his face, and Mr. AtkinB could not distinguish a feature of his face. ' Who is this ?' asked tbe solicitor, his hand fee'iing for hiB pistol. ' An old friend,' was the reply, in a hoarse whisper. 'I must see you. Let me in, Atkim-.' He stepped forward with an air of com mand that impressed Atkins, who involun tarily stepped aside, giving the stranger ad mitance. The new-comer quietly turned the key in the lock. Atkins touched hiB pistol, quietly upon his guard. ' Who are you ' he demanded. ' What do you want ?' The stranger took off his hat, revealing the upper portion of a noble head crowned with grizzled hair. Then slowly he turned down bis greatcoat collar and stood before Atkins without disguise, displaying a grandly noble face, with keen blue eyes, a pale, bronzed countenance and Bternly set lipB above a gray militsry beard. Atkins's hand dropped to his side. With a wild and stifled shriek he staggered to a chair, his eyes glaring wildly at the stranger. ' Sir Harold !' he cried, with white lips. ' Sir Harold Wynde !' Sir Harold — for it was indeed he, returned that day to England, after a prolonged jour ney from India — smiled his old warm smile aud held out his hand. ' Sir Harold Wynde !' repeated Atkins, not taking the hand — ' who—who died — ' ' I can give you the best of proofs, Atkins, that Ldid not die in India,' said the baronet, with /a cheery little laugh. 'You look at me as at a ghost, but I'm no ghost. Feel my band. Is not that real flesh and blood P Atkins you are giving me but a Borry wel come, my old friend. Atkins still stared with a wild incredulity at his old friend and employer. He could not yet comprehend the glad truth. ' I — I must be dreaming,' he muttered. ' I felt queer to-night. I — ' Sir Harold advanced and, pulling off his glove, laid his hand on that of Atkins. Its touoh was chill but unmistakably human. ' What,' cried the baronet. ' Do you be liete in ghoBts, my friend ? I wouldn't have believed a bona-fide wraith could have so startled the hard-headed Atkins I once knew. I was not eaten by a tiger, Atkins, but I have bee'; kept a prisoner in the hands o.. human tigers until I managed to escape last month. You know me now, and that I am no ghost?' Atkins rose up, pale and trembling still, but with an unutterable joy on his face. ' It iB Sir Harold, alive, and in the fleah !' he ejaculated. ' Sir Harold whom we mourned as dead ! This is a miracle!' He clasped the baronet's band and laughed and cried iu a breath. He seemed overflow ing with great joy. The baronet held the trembling hand of his friend in a strong, reBtful pressara for some minutes, during which not a word was spoken betwi en them. There hearts were full. ' I am not myself to night, Sir Harold.' said Atkins, brokenly, after a little. ' I have b-en upset lately.' He drew Sir Harold toward the fire, helped him off with his grey- coat, and ensconced him in the lounging chair before the fender. Then he drew a chair close beaide the boronet's and asked tremulously : ' Have you been to Hawkburst yet, Sir Harold ?' 'Nj, not yet. You could not think I would leave bome again so soon, if I had gone there ? I only landed in England to-day, coming through France. I am a week over due. I arrived in Canterbury an hour ago, and as aoon as I had food I came to you. I saw your light through the shutters, but if I had not seen it I should have rapped you up, in my impatience. I want you to go with me to Huwkhurst, and to break the news that I still live to my wife and daughter. My appearance shocked you nearly into an apo plexy. I must not appear unannounced to them.' Mr. Atkins trembled and covered his face with hiB hand. ' You would go to-night— in this storm ?' he asked. 'Yes, yes. What is the storm to me ? A few miles only divide me from my home and loved ones. And I shall see them before I sleep. Oh, Atkins how I have looked forward to this hour of my home-coming ! I have thought of it during tbe days and nights when I lay chained in an Indian hut among the Himalayas. I have thought of it when pac ing the lonely deck at midnight under the stare. I have prayed for thiB hour as the crowning joy of my life. Almost home ! It seems as if my soul would burst with raptue. My home ! My wife ! My child ! The sweetest, holiest words iu our language !' The baronet's face glowed with a joyous radiance. Atkins waB Bick at heart. ' I have been careful that no hint of my return as from the dead should arrive before me,' continued Sir Harold. ' I came home under the name of Harold Hunlow. Only Major Archer and bis family, besides yourself, know that I still live. At tho hotel I registered the name of Hunlow, and no one but a new waiter I had never seen before saw my face. The supriae of my family will be complete. Come, Atkins, let ub be off. I have a cab waiting at the hotel.' ' I — wouldn't go to-night, Sir Harold,' said Atkins feebly. Something in his tones alarmed the baronet. ' Why not ?' he demanded. ' I — I have taken it for granted that they are all well at home. Octavia — Neva — how are they P Speak !' Atkins arose, twisting bin hands nervously together. Hia pallor frightened Sir Harold, who arose also. ' What is it P' be whispered. ' They — they are not dead p' ' No, Sir Harold — no !' ' Thank God ! You frightened me Atkins. I can bear anything, now that I know they are alive. What has happened ? They have not met with an accident ? Don't tell me, Atkins, that my wife, my beautiful young wife, is insane through grief at my supposed death ?' ? Atktns groaned aloud. 'No, no,' he said, grating his teeth and clenching his handB. ' It is not that.' ' What iB it, then P Speak, for God's sake. The suspense is killing me !' ' I have bad news for you, Sir Harold,' said tbe solicitor, tremblingly. 'Let me give you a gUss of wine — ' Sir Harold clutched the solicitor's arm, his burning eyes fixed upon the solicitor's face. ' Speak !' h6 said hoarsely. ' I will if you will sit down.' Sir Harold dropped silently into his chair. ' Lady Wynde,' said Atkins — ' Lady Wynde — how can I speak the wordB to you who love her so, Sir Harold P — She has mar ried again.' Every veBtige of colour died from the baronet's face, and he lay back upon his ch'iir, fainting. Atkins ran for water and brandy. He bathed Sir Harold's face and chafed hia hands, and poured brandy down his ihtoat, the tears on his own cheeks. Pre sently Sir Harold gasped for breath and looked up at him with a dazed and Btnnned expression. ' Say that over again, Atkins,' he said feebly. 'I don't quite understand.' ' I said, Sir Harold,' said the solicitor, every word giving him a pang, ' that Lady Wynde has married again.' Sir Harold gave a strange cry and covered hi« face with his hands. ' Don't take it so, Sir Harold,' cried AtkinB. ' You've had a happy escape from her. She's a heartless, unprincipled—' Sir Harold put up bis hand. 'Don't!' he said pleadingly. 'You hurt me, Atkins. She thought me dead, my poor Octavia. Whom — whom did she marry ?' ' A gamester and adventurer named Craven Black. During the past month, Sir Harold, I have devoted much time to the study of Mrs. Craven Black's antecedents. Forgive me, Sir Harold, but in this hour you must know all the truth. I am like the physician who cutB deeply to extract a ball. Sir Harold the woman you married was never fit to be taken into your family ; Bhe was never fit to be placed as step-mother and guardian over a poor young girl — ' 'Atkins, she is my wife. Mine still al though another claims her. I will not hear a word against her.' ' You must hear it, Sir Harold,' said Atkins, resolutely. ' If you do not hear it from me, others less kind will pour it into your ears. You cannot escape the knowledge. As I said, during the past month I have studied up Lady Wynde's antecedents. I have seen Mrs. Hyde, Lady Wynde's aunt, and I have also seen a former maid of her ladyship. I tell you, Sir Harold, and I pray you to forgive me for telling you the truth, the woman you married never loved you. She married you only as a part of a daring conspiracy— '? Atkins !' ? ' It is true, so help me God !' cried A'.kins solemnly. ' Lady Wynde— I suppose she is Lndy Wynde still, her last murrixge being rendered invalid by your return to the living, as one might say — Lady Wynde was engaged to marry Craven Black before she ever saw yon. Mrs. Hyde told me thiB herself.' ' I cannot believe it !' 'Craven Black was poor and bo was Octavia Hathaway. You were at Brighton, rich, a widower. Craven Black conceived the idea that Octavia should win and wed you and secure a rich jointure, upon which, in due time, having rid themselves of you, they should marry — ' ' This is monstrous ! Atkins you are de ceived. You ore belying a noble woman !' ' Hear the .rest, Sir Harold. As God is my judge, I believe your wife married you intend ing to poison you I' Sir Harold shook his head. The idea seemed too monstrous for belief. ' That affair in the water at Brighton was planned beforehand,' persisted Atkina.' 'You rescued the lariy, as was expected of you. She followed up the acquaintance and married you. You went to India ; and I believe, if you had not gone, you would have died here suddenly of p»ieon. When Ludy Wynde had worn mourning a year in most decorous fashion, Craven Black and his son came up to Wynd ham, and early in September there was great festivities at Hawkburst, at the third marriage of Lady Wyude. There was a ball at the great house and a ball for the tenantry on the lawn, with music nnd fireworks. It was for all the world an nff vir such as might have greeted the coming of age of aa heir to a grand property, rather than the marriage of a widow from the bouse of her late hus band to a notorious adventurer.' Sir Harold groaned heavily. 'Aud they are at Hawkhurst now?' he said, in a voice so altered that Atkins hardly recognised it. ' No ; they have been away for a month.' ' You uuderstand that all these charges are not proved against Lady Wyude?' said Sir Harold. ' I shall take my wife back again, Atkins, if the will come, and I will stand be tween her and the censure of a gossiping world.' ' Did you write from India the night before you disappeared, enjoining your daughter by her love for you to marry the son of Craven Black ?' demanded Atkins, abruptly. 'No; hotv should IP I don't know Craven Craven Black nor his son.' Atkins went to his desk aud took out a letter. ' Bead that, Sir Harold,' he said, returning and presenting it to the baronet. 'Lady Wynde gave that letter to Miss Wynde, tell, ing her it was your last letter to your daughter, written upon the eve of your supposed death.' Sir Harold read the letter to the very end, an awi'ul sternness gathering on hiB counten ance. The tender epithets by which he called his daughter, his particular modes of speech and his own phraseology, in that skilfully forged letter, staggered him. ' I never wrote it,' he said briefly. ' Ife is a forgery !' 'Of course. I knew that. But Lady Wynde gave it to Miss Neva, declaring it to be your last letter.' ' Who is this Eufus Black?' ' A weak-souled, kindly young fellow, the sou of a villain aud a ready instrument in the hands of his father. He loves Miss Neva and proposed to her. She, however, loveB Lordr.Towyn— ' ' Lord Towyn ? My' old college-mate ?' ' No; his son. Arthur has come into the title and property and iB its noble a young man ns any in Eugland. Mi'bs Neva favored him, and the result is, Lady Wynde and Craven Black conceived a hatred of your daughter and determined to bend her to their will. Sir Harold, as God hears me, Lady Wynde iB a wicked, unscrupulous woman.' Sir Harold's face was deathly white. The letter, still held in hia trembling hands, was proof of his wife's wickedness, and be began to be convinced that he had been cruelly deceived by an unprincipled woman. ' It would have been better if I had died in India !' he moaned. 'Not so. Sir Harold, there is more to hear.' Can you bear another blow ?' Sir Harold bowed ; he was too broken to speak. ' A month ago, Lady Wynde, with her new husband and Miss Wynde, went away, osten sibly to Wynde Heights. But they did not go there. A letter came from Brussels to Lord Towyn purporting to be from MiBS Wyude, but Lord Towyn went to Brussels, and discovered thut the young lady and her enemies had not been there. We have had detectives at work for weeks ; Lord Towyn is at work day and night,; scarcely knowing rest, and I have done all that I could, but the fact remains. Craven Black and his wife have abducted MiBB Wynde, and God alone, besides her enemies, knows where she is.' The baronet leaped to his feet. ' Neva missing !' he cried. ' Yes, Sir Harold, missing for a month past, and she is in the hands of enemies who will not scruple to take her life, if they could hope to make money by her death. We have searched Great Britain for her, and have detectives at this moment upon the Continent. She is gone — lost ! Her ene mies have determined to force her into a marriage with Eufus Black and to seize upon her property. She is helpless in their haods. You have returned in tim^ to help search for her, but I am hopeless. We shall never find her txcept she is dead or married to the son of that villain !' Str Harold was about to speak, but his voice choked. He leaned against his chair, looking like one dying And at that juncture, while the wind tore more madly through the streets, footsteps were beard ascending to the street door of the office, and, for the second time that night, the office knocker sounded lowly, secretly and cautiously, yet with an imperiousness that commanded an iastaut admittance. (To be Continued) 