AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. Two men and a boy working a steady eight bouts daily should be able to do all the sharebroking and "specselling" that thers is to be done at the Beellive, Yet about 100 men and half a' dqzea 'boys cannot, as lb would appear,guf through tno work till between 7 and 8 o’clock on Borao niglitsj tmd never before 9 or IU o’clock on Saturday nights. There is evidently a great waste of human elfoi t Bonaewhero, a plentiful lack of systepaatixa: Tion of effort. At one Time the; market Used to- .be* strictly closed'at 6 o clock. So,who did a. Hue .after that : hour wt>s aobo touted amiscrable ‘ocarby,”a log; p non-u nionisfcwho could riot afford to raise the qualifying fee to enable him to sit with the aristocrats up stairs and make rules for the conducting of business, 1-do not know at what hoar business it, supposed to start in. the morning, bpt believe that it begins at Any hour that fcyo or three or; more of them are ready. •Then lunch comes,"And"by about 3 o’clock the Hive is full again. They gonerolly do next to nothing; however, till night begins ! to close in. Then what is by some called tho“ Six O’clock ljluBh, ,, hnd by others ,4 The Whisky Bush” sets- in, ..and pretty i frequently things hum on merrily till seven or balf-past, Whatis the rbasonbf this strange way of managing The busi ness* ? Why wouldnofc a “ Iwolvo O’clock Bosh” or the “Four O'clock Kush” dp ns well as:the “Six O’clock Rush ?” ' And why is the latter sometimes ■,caUod;“Tho Whisky Bush?” It is a dolicatoinsinua tion that faint-hearted buyers and timid don’t-khow-what-todo sellers were, mcdicing their courage To the slicking point, and had only just then succeeded Irt bringing their nerve-centres,.lnto that state of incipient "paralysis,-when 'a mao. fools fit for anything, and dashes in Jike the - proverbial Dutchman . ■ with. his war«paint > hiin ? Tsthftb ;the wherefore it is called “The Whisky Rush T J - Perhaps tip.- ; For They say that some odd and amusing antics are. played during these olustiig up spurts. burned badly sometimes, for at often asnotitis a case that the reflec tions foiled on the unfortunates by the state of-the-morning’s opening market, show, that tho evening’s distractions wrere not of that character - calculated to be conducive to one’a'fioancial robustness. However,"if it'sdlt, if it in the long rub, pay Thp parties who so carefully bottle up their energies throughout the day, in order to give them: the rein in a final flatter, consolation stakes,-or a winding up hack race—if ; they don’t object, no one else should. However, what of the Mining 'Exchange's* ales and regulations concerning the hours at which business •can be respectably done. Are they silent on the subject?; f Wo have had ah illustration why the law has made arson a crime only one degree less in enormity than murder. To set fire to a building in which persons may bo sleeping is indeed a capital offence. There is perhaps no crime more difficult tb sheet home Than arson, hence when aii incendiarist is. caught and the case proved against Kim, that is if the jury don’t find him “ not guilty” as they did in a case in Melbourne a year or two ago, condign punishment usQally follows. But the difficulty is in catching them, and then there is the double difficulty of it against him, At the time of writing, and I don’t suppose- that it will he any different at.ahy other time, tho police have nub the faintest idea whereto. lay Their hands, on the miscreant who-fired the two engine-houses last Sunday, morning. If he could be found, how those 30 men,who in these dallTimes have been;thrown out of work, would like To have five minutes with him. Why .don’t the Government without farther delay announce a reward. ■ 'Rewards very seldom in these oases lead to anything. Tho'secret ruffians usualiy go abput, their work alone. But there is the- off-chance, and as There does > hot: appear to be any other chance, a reward .might bo••tried,. As there is a possibility that the mati; revenge of l our local anarchist ’ may not yet be might also be as wbU for all the mining mamgers to arrange for the next few weeks to have watchmen on Saturday and Sunday .nights when hither tbit has not been thought necessary to employ them. Crimes, it is said, come in cycles, and it ii undoubtedly a psychogolical fact that there is a fashion in crimes as In clothes. -A ; few more watchmen, each with asix-shooter, may, however,. hove a repressive tendency bn this latest of fashionable crazes - introduced from Western Queensland,: as someone has suggested,' , There is muck analogy between run ning-a newspaper and keeping a shop. You must supply goods To suit all tastes • and constantly remember that one man’s meat is another man’s poison. If you give the people moral and didactic essays and sermons they say you are a fossilized old sinner who having outlived or dissi pated your own capacity for enjoyment, is now Trying to make other people dejected and unhappy as yourself; if you deal out articles on every day -practical subjects, they 'say they have too much of such things in-their own business, they want something light and ehtertaioing j if you give them jokes (hey say you-are feather headed ; if you don’t give them jokes they ’say you are leaden brained ; .if you give them politics, you disgust the women folk and young people ; if you don’t give them politics you disgust the bid ma(p fogeys, who, after all, are the . backbone of every newspaper and of most other institutions, ancient or modern; if you have much in your paper about one sect or oho nationality or one place or country They say. it. is only'your, provincialism, your clannishness and narrow-mindedness; 'if you don’t prefix and affix, back and front; ad nauseam,. some tuppenny ha’penny exponent , of exotic clericalism they say you are an infidel, and There’s neither Truth nor rpverencpin you; if you give them; cricket and'football they are astonished that you should waste gopdtype, ink and paper pu;ihere boyish pastimes ; if; you don’t .give ; it T.hem r they’ll go.' where, thby can got it'; same with horaerocmg; andi ; beTt.isg lists; if you (give' Them . mining news gneyibttsly. against; such: dujl dry stuff, and as amattpr.offaqt Ikuow that thorp are scores and . hundreds oE:Bendigo and Ballarat although this is the' .premier goldfieldv.who seldom or never .open a- Monday;, mprniijg’s, newspaper because of their dreadof thpcoluraus of minipg^pwts'^ which learned, or have been tbld are to :b'e}Thetbm ; bu t it you don’t give them; mining hews, And npWs. as truthfully compiled as .This kindof kittlpkattle matter-can be come pUed, they pry .put a plpce^ike^ Andpavoribg:^ vf ,(&M;[ ;;.dpn-fc .gives fabundjfo^^ hews, - (It’s hard yerity: io pVeaeP atl sbrts.: :Tjtip give; nothing; •but. edifying and. improving matter ; Th.p niinecandapeculatornotlungbutniining; . the; far/mprand -Lay thpiwhy, tp^miifce bu"sbeh but bf pigs .fted pn jockey,, bookmaker andAppr^ing^ hpr^Aatablen^ bad^^iFpyyihdThing-^Ptoia'rderT^btt^ shipwxecks^anging^ pi^^umb<T;" of - maryiages. % .that k ; .’have ! AnPa^sHp^ili^bp Tjje^drbra^ . social' tickets for gentlcman ahd ladies 7b 6d,” "Dut Which would girdle tho whole earth, and -a bit li ft over with whidh to start gird' Ung the moon. .But tho man heeds them hot—not individually - at. least, though it is part of his . business to heed them in the bunch. nature hd pays no regard to tho mdi vidual ybdt.. every thing:: tothe.different; species of his readers treated as species. B 0 knows , wK*it; .Will; suit; the greatest. number better than tiny. dual can toaoh hira l WOr videa a little fdr all, equalizer it for the different speoioa frora week to week as - well as- theresourcea at his perhilts l - nnd gbnoraUy gets along with tolprablbs success amt a moderate, share of equanimity. : To praise or blame the ,old newspaper hack is 'almost equally indifferent; he khows that what one, wise acre will' pronounce ; execrable his brother wise acre will pro nounce admirable. So he lots: the one.s praiio balance the other’s dispraise. After a few years of this hocoiuesas hear as it is possible for mortal to comp to perfected a» ate gf Nirvana. Young en thusiastic disillusionised now bloods of the: press cannot understander -appreciate; such 0 mental attitude, but, bide wee, and their time, will come: ’ ' There is, it would appear,; a cloud no bigger than a man’s, hand, or perhaps we should say a man’s foot, settling oyer the footba’V field. Except you specially read the footballer’s columns of the Melbourne press,; youdearh nothing, about them now. Their dbihgi are not considered of suffi cient'geoersl:inlprest.(o warrant football; matters heingvobtrttded on- - the notice of, the general reador.. Dp here in Beodjgo,. I have not for 20 years known football to be at a lower, discount. .We have not,, this season, had one of those crowds-, of 6000 or 7000 ; people that we uspd to have; so frequently 4/broe, fear* and five seasons back, i n the !Korang district, football is also v very sick; frpin Inglewood way there is; nothing to report 'about it ; •at ■ Rochester ’ it is so dull, that twice this .year; they couldn’t muster a team , for Eohuca ; and at Echucaand Moams, -.where there was quite a spurt in .the game a week or two ago,; it appears, to have gone dead . again. What is the reason! Is it on the principle that whilst ’roast turkey is good victuals sometimes, roast ' turkey for break fasti dinner and tea will yory soon sot one longings for' corn -beef. V /Have,the - foot ballers and football bar packers been de vouring roast turkey ; long, that now they are wearying of it? Certainly', too much football and too many weakling clubs "are two causes of the declining popular interest in .football.. The. local premiership business is not’ the complete success that- it once was. Baglehawk this year ran away with the lead, and thereafter a great many of the players of; other clubs did nob care whether they played or hot. Those gallant old rivals,, .the; Bendigo and Sandhurst Clubs, were ! to have met last Wednesday a.t Back Creek. But they did not.' Only the ghosts of the two clubs turnpd .up.—l 2 ghosts on one side and 16 on -jibe .other, whilst'around the chains there were only 1 a few score of the “ghosts of the hundreds of merry and Vigorous barrackers of a few short years bye-gone.. The best’ thing about the play at Back Oreekdately was I the brief, forcible and practical sermon 00 i the use of profane language, said to have, been delivered, by tho secretary of the 8.U.0.0;, from liis pulpit in the members’ pavilion, Lcok-here, Bogel. If. there's going to bo any 'of your bad language to-day, I'll send for a policeman.” .It is'not* related, whether’ Bogel “ looked ” or'how ho looked, but as on his, or his friends complaints the Football' Asaocia-; tioodsbusily enquiring as to whether the. preacher had a text" for his sermon. It niay bo taken for granted that lie didn’tlpok ns if he appreciated it. Some diversion., • may be expected at the-Association's next., meeting put of .thisTittie.episode, .* , .-V ißutthis is a diversion. I had got as far as saying, that in tho unprejudiced estimation Of this dhsvyvery the local pro-' /basihess had helped ■_ Jo- kill-' popular interest in football. ; ; ; : An old cockfigKtor does.not, orT should think would not, get much profit or ontcr tainment fromcontinually. setting his own chickens in; his, oWn back yard fighting each other. No, he goes over the fence and challenges his neighbor's best chicken, or but to Long Gully, to Golden Gully, ; up to the-head of Eaglehnwk, down to Jackass Flat, over to Sparrowhawk,' and searches but a party as thinks his cocks,, stags- and blenkards are,livelier,, than, his. This is what the footballers used; to do before the-: stay at bpe’s yard premiership trophies were invented. Then district used to- be pitted, again district and town against town.. There are traditions .of gallant/ f rough and ; glorious games that'the Bendigo used to play against Kybetoh, .'Ousblemaino;: Maryborbugh, Echuca,. arid an occasional one against Melbourne or Ballarat. Those kind of matches, however, are dead now, and the local premiership matches-are dying. What is to be the next method Introduced for keeping young blood warm in winder and.working off its superfluous energies? * Whilst few of thedldof people will regret , the decline ’ in football, the gods forefond that it.bo, a premonitory; symptom of a'revival of public interest in the pottering and time wasting game of cricket. - ' *' V The, Austrajjan- aboriginal, regarded as a human being, is said-to be about the. furthest down in the scale that travellers and voyagers have .met with.. If ls true of the East Australian black*,/ it ; is doubly true of his 'West*; Australian; con gener. Says a Oastleraamb young man at; Coplgardio ia/aiebtepfeo his.father :~ u Tbe ; aborigines here have bleary bye?,; dirty nose?, and legs that, a ,sewing machine i would of. They are generally •all- tiredJin. a "pack ’’ suit, specially built ;fbryfeniiUtidn*.\v The gins are clothed in cast-off appargl withoub respect to the, sex of the ! former possessor.; Their; .features ate* !hhy thing; but - tHeir mouths biaking things *yuhcpmforfci able The picoananies. , peeping i'oo ph/:tlioirmotheTs’ b sembleblaoksnaila ;6n/a .^burh|^•lpgil® , iie'• fcribe isr by a motlby pack of. family feed j out bf^oneidisb.’’ ' *. .; awful jfeckqiiliig - day/” says the by in n.-T t don’t. say it ;bf lawyers - particularly,/bht, it may be- taken- as rip eluding them. An/ intelligent and/"free r people will .not,- one would. thinkj g'o oa ’ very , much longer, suffering;, ia/; their ’midst a class whose privilege' if. : is to slander, bully/ extprb .andt rob any," -ptie^^sb' ;.aB^ibvget.v. v drawm into : fhbir Vctutchaf,••• et^fha lawyers ire ;pnv|l^edi^by/A^ meht •tb ;do; all this/ add a ;;bpok<cbuld- (fell is paid to. fhem- to pay that /mbhey /theyj are .-.notiv sdnt-tq/^gaol//like^anypother e \--wo&ld; BeU"; A -legalized,;emhezzVer this k the' bther onfprtunbte -t^atrheimd'^;mixed^ Wiy-'vfp the, clients-—>but : there was -nothing,-legally i /*.” Mixing.;?’; bhe’sijnoheys! persons. and getting rid? V. woald/ ho /by fh'efiv.legab ihbhbra of tho beach in. the of-, avnoo-/ person bo’ inet with a fbwybaVs:: ijh/Pentridgp.v;,: ; Ode of the latest - legal bisp, where.age pf.Parliamentndmed : bill of costs in .an : irisplvent? • estate. for. P9 |6g«hottltfhp^^ down to £31 10*i, a reduction of £200 Bnt ho would not grant tho C o«u ot tho .party who made the application r« bis Honor Hold that Hopkins w&g; juLfili Urn cutting of- the bill. - Legal like pJysioianVlogio u straugo and Why. one would think that a man w il tries to got £239 for 30 guineas worth of work ought: to bo prosecuted w! wphdor thit: .crcdii ors in insolvent i 3 i a il No wonder, anl cw tZ assets are yery brgo- that tho lawyer uu! M:fr. FMossional. trustee pays himsolf wltb the remainder. I g| JJ .not of brie' case especially, hat of \l nt l oases. How much longer ore the public , going to. tolerate in a cl vlVzed country special lyf a voted and protected cast of the character above sketched out. O i 0 of ; fcUe stops sliduld ,bo the abolition of lawyers from a iBarll.amout and then tho abpliion of lawyers aUogtther > . J profession; ' ’ Their work should , ho done by men An tho cm* ploy of the Government the sanvo oi judges, stipendiary magistrates ftn( i clerks of courts. As it stands it fo cvoryhpdy , a.hu8ip(M8 to have the rascally inapiadmg lawyer stamped out. Some d ty some man' pf position and influence in Parliament and in the country win make it Ids special business to stamp him out.” And lio Will not be without helpers i Q t he'tdsk—raost people at seine time or other of their lives having been subjected to insult, or extortion and plnndor by some. mombbr or members of this most insufferably, impudent and presumptions profession. - We needn't talk of Spanish j>nd' Italian brigands and the weakness of ! the Governments that did’ not put them down, when here we can’t put down a few lawyers. . Victoria is one of the most lawyer ridden coantrioa in the world. It is alleged that a lawyer’s clerk at Warrnambool has been robbing the legd firm of ■ G'Mahohy v. Murray (Con. G' Malioriey who was erstwhile our clover and brightly Jd young Bendigo student) The clerk Is said to have’helped himself to j £700 of (rust money held by his employers. A n arrant for forgery is oat agaicst him. Is that not a- bit rough ? Surely there should bo some iaw for the lawyer's plork as for the lawyer 1 He has at the most /simply, “ 'mixed ” his employers’ mofieys with his own, and probably spent tho lot. A ; regrettable mistake, but not d worse one than has been so frequently made of late in connection with trust moneys in lawyers’ hands. He should be brought before the court and'if itis proved that he has been “mix ing ” for such a trifling amount as £700, the judge/to. be consistent, should order t he clerk to be suspended from practisin'* for say, a month;' In future, too, maua! gets and secretaries, mercantile clerks and others who are 'guilty of larceny as bailees (that is :pf,embezzlements) should not be; sept' to gaol. They should bo merely ordered at the embezzlingdawyers are ordered* to replace the .plunder within 12 months or so, under pain of not being allowed to return to their work for two years. On those lines it was altogether wrong yesterday to send poor Warren to gobl for a month for the robbery of £30 from the Sandhurst Trustees and Execu tors Company. The bench should hare “ suspended ” him for a month, and if at the expiry of that term, he had “ purged himsolf of contempt ” by refunding the money, should : return to his post as accountant of the company. If account ants had had as big a hand in'shaping for'their interests and comfort the law of the country ns the lawyers have bad, that is literally how Warren would have bebn dealt with. Still another about’ the ‘ lawyers. Mr, Kirby before Judge' Hedges chiding himself with such a-gra’ceas to cast doubts on his ability to defend in a serious case before a jury ! Itbespokb the able diplo'/ matist, dfld the result; proved it, as that Axed ale , individual" fbr-the. rest of his may', blegs.his. ■ lucky stars. Mr/ Kirby not theability, to conduct a case before a SupromV'Ooart judge and jury! It is ;too thin?" If .the painful alternative’ had to be faced I would as soon-'be defended in any court in tho country by Kirby for .a compound felony, as by 'some lawyers, that I wot of for a simple misdemeanor. ; . Though the latest to, thrbw his line In amongst as It is an'undmiable' fact that Dr. Howard James stands at the head of tbe-fliedical profession in the Bendigo \- district, - Another remarkable fact is that [ none of the othqr doctors will have tho temerity to deny it/ He is, lam told, the son of bar fineold friend and counsellor *bf former years, the Bev. Thomas James. /Phis about fijla up Bendigo with doctors. We now have a Very full.corps of Scotch doctors, two or three English doctors, one Welsh doctor, two, Irish doctors, one Ai.HvA. doctor, and as good though un aseuminga man- as any amongst them, bnq insurance doctor, a most handsome gen6lemen, one Cornish doctor, and one Chinese doctor. Looking over the list I can't very , well/see Kow another can squeeze himself in. . There might be a few,pickings for a new chum German doctor, but-it is rather doubtful. A well advertised.and presentable Chinese prac-- titioner -settling Csay at Eaglehawk ot Long Gully, dhd bringing abitof cash with him in order to set up a baggy and a ■tiger in - livery .and: impress the gullible natives and importance would probably'db7 very inach’better, ■ the last of this ;inew«fahgied v -bo n ? en ? e » that express® iUeilin fhe^appointment of “joint were-* taries.” v “Jmbt'sepretarieV # are nowadays /require j.fbr alitibibeveiy movement from a bbys’ foqtball club’ to a shilling hop club, to a Parliamentary Election Com* mittee. The only genuine “joint score* tary” that % know of isa batcher's book keeper- ' ; / 'Willie: t have ft doirar ior sorne more fire crackers V Slimspu “Bab l let ybu have five dollars this’riiOTning»-;%^yi11ie? < \“i l<now it. But ; J usejd thcm jAU np dnrnatnrWs pot dog.' SUrasdh : my boyj tako five doI-=» ; ' V: n - - - ;■ When fcheworaen' • Vetei—-M rs Hicks; nflw that promises : “So l” Mrs* Kicks leader of the twenty five a m6ntlv : a ploce'in the custom Bousei’f. h -■.; > v‘ •’ .■ < M®* :npi»nping^hab: : :^my:.uncle ;-ia dead. I’ve been expccfang it Gleverlon! UrtI -is dead ? Too i *‘No } :bu ;ii* would come r>' to send that hideous Redding present, little fv; : - x -*- . . 4 that it > , spe ft K to : ybw£;She : “Well t" 19 T ott 8 ftva ; my:l i ttlo v ifj'ro We himu p c at three ••; Will yea ; freemasons t“ e f° at famt? vT^ : ;/to r see so oh » foofeCT 