IMPORTANT ECCLESIASTICAL CEREMONIAL TWELVE NOVICES TAKE THE BLACK VEIL. AN IMPRESSIVE SERVICE. The chapel of the Convent of Our Im monoplane Lady of Mercy), Nicholson-street was crowded yesterday) morning, when 12 novices of the order made their procession. The young ladies who yesterday took their final! vows were specially selected in Ireland, but have passed their period of probation as postulants and novices in Melbourne, Their secular names and those by which they will be known in future are us follow - MIbb Kmoe (Dublin), Sister M. Hamel , Miss Murray (Dublin), Sister M Dominic, Miss Byrne (Dublin), Sister Lil Scholastic; Miss A. Byrne (Dalke)), Sister M de Pazzi, Miss Jennings (Dublin), Sister M Kevin! Miss Burgess (Dublin), Sister M. Camillus , Miss Cullen (Leitrim), Sister M Joseph, Maas Murphy (Clare), Sister M Teresa, Miss Lynch (Cork), Sister M. Augustine ; Miss Mulcahy (Cork), Sister M. Peter, Miss Flynn (Cork), Sister M. Aqmn and Miss Iliokcy (Cork), Sister M Borromeo. 'The celebrant was the Archbishop of Melbourne, assisted by the Rev. Father Clancy, and the other clergy present at the ceremony were the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Hea (Coburg), the Very Rev. Dean McKenna (St Patrick's), the Revs T. Lynch and P. Phelan, of St. Francis's, T. Quinn (St George's), J. Gleeson (Brunswick), J. Barry (Brunswick), H Kelly, D D. (St, Brand's), P. Doherty (St. Brigid's), j: Keating (St Patrick's), J. J. Malone (St. Francis's), li. S. Henson (South Yarra brother Sheahan (Geelong), M Mason, S J. (St. Patrick's College), M. O'Brien S J. (Glen Ferne), M. Duff), S.J. (Kow), J O'Malley), S J. (Glenferrie), P. Cleary, S J. (Richmond), and 0. Dub, S J. (liicliniondl Among the visitors present were Mr, M Guineas, Mrs Fulton, Mrs Nichols, Miss Nichols, Miss Fenton, Miss Barron, Mrs M'Devitt, Mrs. Moloney, Mrs. Cahill, Mrs. Newman, Mr. Hughes, Mrs Hughes, Mrs Deigan, Miss Deegan, Mrs Ashworth, Miss Ashworth, Mr. and Mrs Dougharty, Miss Must), Miss Josephine Mass), Miss Feehan, Miss Ursula Feehan, Miss McCormack, Mr O Meara, Mr, Connell, Miss Stanley Miss MutilduStnnley, Miss Jane Smith, Miss Kingsley Miss Coyle, Miss Henry, Mr. and Mrs White, Miss O'Loghlen, Miss fatugpoole, Miss Nellie Stirling, Miss Benson, Mrs Bibby, Mr and Mrs Dwyer, Mrs Duncan, Miss Shine, Mr. Clack, Mrs Murphy), and Mrs Collins The ceremonial which accompanies the profession of a new no is of the most impressive character. Nothing is omitted that can lend intensity to the solemnity of the ona Bion or deepen the effect which the sight of a young and refined woman voluntarily area rating herself from the world must create upon the iniiiKinntion To realise the full members; of the service it is necessary to tin demands the rules under which Indies are permitted to become religious members of the State as of Mete). After a period of probation the postulant proceeds to the ceremony of reception, at which for the first time her hair is cut off, and she (found the white veil of a novice. Then follows an interval of two years, and finally) the ceremony of profession, when the novice takes the black veil of it religious sister and solemnly makes the triple vow of poverty, chastity), and obedience, It is the i revocable step, the final renuncia- tion and its performance, when twelvenovnea repair their own together with all! the imposing ceremonial of the Church of Rome, must awaken the most devout and reverent emotions in those who witness it. At 9 o'clock yesterday the service commenced by a procession of the novices, the professed religious and the clergy), the Archbishop and his chaplains bringing up the rear. Each of the novices and the religious sisters here a lighted candle, and, headed by the cross-bearer, they filed slowly down the centre aisle, while the camera sang the hymn "Veni Creator." Arrived at the foot of the altar the notices remained on their knees, and the religious sisters filed slowly left and right to their places along the walls, the cong gallon occupy in the central pews In this position the contrast between the spotless white robes of the novices and the sombre veils of the nuns gave the scene and intense dramatic interest, which was heightened by the blaze of candles on the altar and the papers which the slaters continued to held throughout the service. Next came the solemn blessing of the black veils, which the now lies were soon to adopt for the rest of their lives, and the consecration of the ring which each man wears on her left Ininti as a symbol other spiritual union with our Saviour. The Rev. J. Quinn, of Carlton, preached the sermon, in which he made apathetic reference to the surface which was that do to be made complete. At the call of God these Indies had resigned themselves to run up father and mother and brothers and frauds, to blind) abandon their own will at the bidding of others, and to follow the service of Christ in a strange land. Doubtless the struggle was hard, for in j on to the pleasures of the world were painted in bright and attractive colours But there were two states by which a knowledge of what the we world really was was gained on the state of experience, the other The state ofgraoe-and both these alike proved the truth of the preacher's words, "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity)." Nor must it be thought that in the seclusion of a convent the) ft.' find relief from the doubts and temptations which they had been obliged to struggle against, The struggle would he a long and protruded one, but, the fight ever fought, they would join that glorious bird whose privilege it was to go with the Saviour wherever he went. Tiny revue island and buried to the world, crucified us our Lord had been crucified, but their reward would be great. After the sermon the novices were con- ducted! by the mother assistant and the superioress to the altar when the Arch bishop, was using his mitre, and holding his crozier in his left him), interrogated them as follows Celebrant. - My child, what do you fit in and ! Novice My Lord, I most humbly beg to be received to the Holy Profession. Celebrant. -M) child, do you consider yours If sufficiently instructed in what regards the vows of religion and the rules and constitutions of lids institute ; and do you know the obligations you contract by the Legal) Profession? Novice Yes, my) Lord with the grace of God. Celebrant. - May God grant you perseverance in this year The) resolution , and may He design in His meet to consummate what He has begun in the mine at the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. Star line a solemn mass was held, and each novice in turn was line by the mother assistant and the Superioress to the altar, when the container was captains. 'Thomas the archbishop(kiutiri the uraemia Binnum the, early novice nail the following mt or profession, hauling - i in the name of our Son! and Saviour Jesus] Clean, and under the protection of the inn nails I laid mother Mary, car Virgin 1 Civis, writes. in I religion exists ride you and ] require to cod loving) finally), and in direct, line li a service and the pool, silk. and ignorant, and to puMiiro until death in an instance of Our Lady of Mire) amount due; to it j approved rule and c institutions, under the mulberry and In presence of on, all old, and nuts lauread father In Gol urihiittthop of this I J note, and of our noticing in never, rallied in relation run-in other»upiilon of line Convent of Men), this 24th day of Situation, In the year of our I next, 1841 Having written a cross after her signature, each newly professed sister retired to her place, and the rerun was resumed Later I on, at the invitation from the altar, "Come spouse of Christ, nor we the crown which the Lord hath prepared for tin a,' tin newly pro eased again approached the sanctuary, and earth nut and the black veil from the hands of the celebrant Ni at the busied ring was placed on the third finger of the left hand, with the words - "Vtav Jesus Christ, Son of Had Illino; God, who has now espoused thee, protect them from all mining theatre thou the ring of (with, the seal of the Holy Ghost, Dial then makes be called the spouse of Christ, and If thought fulfils Pte crowned with Ulm for EVer In life I am of the father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Uliuut ' And the newly professed responded " I am espoused to Him whom the angels none, and al whom hunty Um him and moon maud in honour ' Then after some further responses, the ni wly professed prostrate on themselves before the altar (and the people standing), while the Te Deum Lanham was sung. Louth, the new) press scr d were sprinkled with holy water and the net or poor vision was finished. Then followed a touching scene. Knob newly professed was laundered in these pi no less, to whom she knelt, and who raised and embraced her. 'Then pressing on along the line of religious sisters i us In turn bowers and feminine d best. while, the cantors sang the psalm, " Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." It was a beautiful close to a beautiful service 