PLAYS AND PLAYERS. Mr ITonry Irving brought his brilliant eight weeks' season atAbbej'e Theatre, New York, to a conclusion on Saturday, 30th of Dcecmbor. Trie bujccm of the present American tour oxoods that of alt Mr Irvlng's previous vuita, and tho average receipts per weok have boon tbe largest received. A tour weeks' season at Boston was to. follow, and subsequently Philadelphia, Washington, Toronto and Montreal were to bo vjeltod. A return to Kotrland will probably bo made about tboend of March. MisaOlga Ketborsole has for the present relinquished the idea of obtainiug the Avcnno Theatre for tbo production of u now comedy entitled tho Transgressor. Tho piece, how ever, would, it was expected, prnb.ibiy bo staged at the Court Theatre ubout tho end of January under tho at):c mammomcntof Mr Hugh ifd'B, who hat U>ou spoclally enguged by MlsiNetberrole. As tho ludy is under stood to havo good finiincial support, hor venture will bo launched under tlio best aus pices. Mies Addio Conyers Is plsylng tho part of Ttobin Hood in tho Manchester pantomime, and is spoken of as looking a model hereof romance and beiug ablo to give plcn-y of point to her lines and to tho inasioal numbers allottod to hor. Billio Barluw has scored a big suoccsa in Uio pantomirao at Birmingham, where abo made her first appearance In tho recent, Christmas pantomimo of Red Riding Hood, playing the part of Boy Blue. At tiio Canterbury Mnsio Hall, London, thote is a " talking horeo," by noma Mahomet. Tho oroature, a fioo, beautifully developed dark brown horso juat seven years oi age, and standing about fourteen hands, is alleged to bo ao sagacious that ho can tall tho present Greenwich mean time, how ofton a maiden likes to bo kLsod, and many othor oddities. . Mr Albert Chevalier, tho famous coster suigcr, has written a sketch entitled 1'ay the Fiper, somowbat on tbe Unos of tho Pled Piper, aavo that after charming the children away, tbo reward in tho abotoh, tbe hand of tho Mayor's daughter is not denied him a second timo, and tbo children aro piped back. Ono of the attractions of the mammoth show in London, called Olympla, is tho per formance ot a serpontlno danco by Mdlle, Snndowa, in a cago with four lions. Tbo curtain rises on a prosutosbly, North African Undecapo ; and slowly tbo boards of tho stage disappear, and io tholr place risos a bozo cago with tho liona insido. After tbo animals aro put through a porformanoo by tholr trainer, the Tights are turned down, and tho limelight Is thrown on tho cage, jn which Mdllo. Saudowa goon through tlio now familiar sorpontino dance. Tho lions are said to bo BOUowhnt nnooAy during tho constant changing of light, and on ono occasion a lioness mado a savage spring at tho dancor, who for a moment was driven up ngdiost tho bars. Tho trainer, howovor, quickly came to hor aid, tho lioness was driven back to hor pluco, and tho danco re- Humed, Among tho latest London novelties is the Btti.y Bnrbor, lately on exhibition at tho Royal Aquarium. Miss Wluk, who is making a namo and fame for huraelf in the way of shaving, is described as a child having light flaxen hlr and innocont blue eyes, aud being dressed in a pink frock, with whko socks and neat blaok shoes, ilor re cord performance appears to havo boon the shaving of fivo meu in four minutes thirty- ught seconds. Mim Eden Terry, according to an American intorviowcr, prefers comedy to tragedy, but Mr Irvlng's tasto is tbo reverse, and, as ho is maougor, naturally, aa a rule, has his own way in tho Belootion of piecoi. According to Miss Torry, "Amsrioana think nothing too good for their wives, whilst English husbands do not." Analysed closely, this remark would scorn io leave the advantage with tho Englishman, although such waa not apparently Miss Torry'a inten tion when communicating hor views to an American Interviewer. Mr J. C. Williamson Is to meet Mrs Brown Pottor'h agent ut Colombo, and if mutually retisinctory arrangements can bo mado, Mrs Potter and Mr Bellow will revisit Sydnoy and Alulbourno during tho autumn of tho present year. Owing to tho chango of Vicoroya ot India, tho social season there has boon a particularly brilliaut and proiruotod ono, end tho Potter Bellow Company aro likely to prolong their season at tho Corinthian Tboutru, Calcutta. A festival chorus to support Madamo Hollo Colo ia Mondolusohu's Elijah has boon organised at Adoluido, aud commenced ro- hearsing during tho present week. Madamo Sterling's predeliclion for public speaklntt was pretty woll evidoncod during Iter visit hero, but recently this lady, who baa made bor name and money by singing in publio, declared at tho Royal Victoria Hall that aho would for aoonor speak than stog. Mrs Stowart, bettor known as Bdlie Barlow, intends making a world's tour in 18U5, which will inoludo Cape Town, Johaa- nosberg, Adelaide), Melbourne, and Sydnoy. Tho return jonrnoy will bo mado via Japan. China' and India. Since tho olo»e of tho Sydnoy Lyceum panto- mUno, Miss Nellie Stowart has been paving a visit to tho illuo'Mountuins. Mr Hamilton Clarke, should he return to Victoria, will hardly oxpoctto bo what may be called popular at Culliogwood. In the courso of his recent lecture, entitled " Two Years Musio in Australia, ho is re ported to havo snid that tho Viotorian Orchestra were ofton called on to play at various shows, for instance nt " Collingwood a miniature and vastly inferior Whitochapel,' and whoro, aftor a concert, tho porformors had to wudo across a sloppy cricket Hold to onjoy tho hospitality of the mayor who shouted " drinks all round," aud with shirt slceyoa rolled up wolcomed thom with tho speech that " ho wus glad to sou 'cm, ho wa<." Although tho lecture was smart aud oaustlo, Mr Clarko, novortheloss, paid a goouino tribuin to tlio Liuderlafols lu Australia, and stated that tbo AlolboUino ond Metropolitan Llodcrtafola in Victoria were equal, if not superior, to tho beat societies of a similar nature iu England. Ou tho 17(h December, Sydnoy, son of Lionel Brongh, waa tnarriod at Christ Church, Bloomsbury, London, to Lizzie, dauglitvcof "William Shakespeare Webster. The Hare and Bunoroft combination that duritigsomothroeorfonrmontbstnotwithgrcat sitocoss in London, and appeared bofore tho Quoon with a revival of Diplomacy, brought tboir successful season ot tho Garrlck Thoatro to a eoQoluston on tho 3 6th. December. On Saturday, (ith January, Mr Hare was annouuued tore -open tho Uurrick Theatre with a new play by Mr Sydnoy Grundy, entitlod Au Old Jew, iu which Mr O. W. Anson has a part. Particular secrecy has bvoa observed in regard to this now ploco, concerning which very Jittlo has transpired, Mr Haro, it ap- pears, having oxpressod a desire for tho pre servation of the closest secrecy, his company having loyally observed his wlslios, and hence nojMtrtioulars la advanco havo boon mado Mr J. F. Shorldsn mado bis appearance with tho Littlo Christopher Columbus Com pany at i ho Lyrio Thoatro, London, on tlio 27th December last, on tho ocuision of tha Tint representation of the ploco and tho production of a second edition Tho authors havo written up tlio previously unimportaut obaraotcr of thu Second Mrs Block for Mr Sheridan, whd' Is noticed as uppoariug at his bost in tbo re- Ercsen'.ation of Irish widows Mr Slioridaa us a capital song in C'vlumbus was u Famous Man, aud u must amuung Uuol, Tho Sisters Glgglo, with Mr Lonuen. Mr Bland Holt sod his company havo boon appoariug during tho post aud present wcok at tho Theatre Itoyal, Launoostou. ThoPollarrl Juvoullo Company havo boon jlajmgAtoddin, La Maaeotto, and thoGon- Mr W. B. Warnor, a comedian whoso ability has not reooivod the general recog nition undoubtedly doscrvod, seems to bo now coming to tho foro. Rocontly ho waa engaged to aing several oostor songaat a Government Home mrtv. and d..:... ah. paatweekhohaa been singing at the Con tinental Concerts at Adelatdo. Tho Waterloo Cyolorama at Adelaide has recently added an attraotlvo Illusion entitled Napoleon's Ghost. lbs Austral Opera Co., that Includes Mr Cbas. Saunders, Miss Oarrio Bllton, Miss Lamont and Mr D'Eosom, are visiting some of tho larger Viotorian towns. Mr Geo. Rlgnoldhas Intimated Ms inten tion of terminating engagements with his company, presumably with the idea of fol lowing tbo popular practice of "reocnatrno- Uon" in this direction. Should a suitable tenant offer, it is not uolikoly Mr IUgnold may leaso his thoatro for a portion of the pre sent year, aa ho did in 1802. Charloy'e Aunt io oontinulog popular at tho Criterion Theatre, and promising to es tablish a record in tho wpy of a eomody run in tho colonies. On Tuesday last tho eoventh wcok of production was entered on, and aB no oign of weakoning Interest is reported It Is qulto likely that a run of two months or more may ho recorded. This afternoon a joatinoo porformanoo, tho first, waa an nounced. Mr Thornton, so It is reported, offored an engagement with bis company io a Mel bourne amateur whose penormaaoo in the part of tbe Lord Chanooilor la an amatenr production of lolantho he witnessed and reoognisod the merit of. Astho gentleman in question, however, has atialnea. to a good position in tbe btuincM In whioh he has been for eomo time engaged, it Is unlikely that Mr Thornton's offer, complimentary aa it is, will be accepted. As instancing tho dearth of engagements oven for sotors and actresses of universally recognised merit, it may be mentioned that Miss Henrietta Watson, who is included i tbe cast of Round tbo World, at the Lyceum Theatre, this evening, hes, siocothe Terry sea son in Melbutirno, bad hutooeBhoriengagemcnt — Dora, in the Bron«h and Bouolcault revival of Diplomacy. When an actress of Miss Watbon'a popularity and standing has per force to remain idle so long, one scarcely likes to spcoulato as to what has been tho fate of lots prominout performers. Daring the last year tbo Sydney Lleder- tafel produced two cantatas, and but few now classical pieces. This has recently formed the eubjoct of discussion umoog the members, and tho imputation of pandering to, in plaoo of checking, tbo tasto for second-rate musio mado against tho selootiou committoo. 