SUNiURY .c)-I sTIAN. E-N-. \- EAVO1 SOCIETY. At a: special meeting-of- the above Society. h-'d on the 9th inst., Mr F. Varley delivered the following interest ing oddress on the advantage? of the Christian Endeavor Society : It is often said-anti justly-that we Christian Endeavorers take a very high ground, ani I think it beh ves us to ask ours Ives howv nearly w,3 approach to the high stanlard we have set up for ourselves. We have our critics, both friendly ant unfnriendly, and we knitw that they are asking what is the praet!cal outcome of all the talk and fuss about Christian Endeavor both In the Christian Church and in the individual lives of those who take the namne. We believe very strongly in the sentiment expressed in Dr Watr ,s old fashioned c utllet, that " Satan finds some mischief still for id!y hands to do "; and we endeavor to apply to the spiritual life of th0 young Christian the same comnaon sense prin ciples as guide our judgment in matters connected with the physical or natural life. In the natural life we expect constant gro vth, and if we do not see a child developing and becoming strong in the use of its limbs we suspect at once that something is wrong. Parents are glad to see a young child giving evi dence of health by the use of its legs and arms, and they recognise the need for exercise in order to the gradual increase of strength. Unhappily, in the past, people have approached things connected with the Divine life as though there was a permanent command, " Put off the shoes of intelligence from thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is not the ground of common sense.' They have said in effect the Christian life is spiritual and therefore not practi cal; it its divine and therefore not in ccord with common sense. They have wrapped it round with an atmosphere. the component parts of which are one tenth Divine, one-tenth spiritual, three tenths miraculous, and five-tenths non sense. And so because the new life is Divine, spiritual, miraculous, it has been supposed to be able to grow in opposi tion to) all the usual accepted conditions of common sense. We believe that the gospel of Jesus Christ is the Gospel of common sense; that the life of the Christian is the life of common sense. and we endeavor to guide our work by the same principles. Christian En deavor is emphatically Christian- root and branch, centre and circumference, hear and brain ; on all is stamped " Christian," and we pray the day will never come when our motto for Christ and the Church will lose its lofty signi ficance, or cease to be the ideal after which we are striving. In the fact then, first, that ours is ChAri:in Endeavor. and s-c n.l that Endeavor means to us work, and work implies the constant exercise of the muscles of our spiritual legs and arms, the constant use of sanc tified intelligence. We have the great oromise of the permanence of our move ment, and not only of its permanent but also of its growth ; for on the lines laid down by our beloved founder, Dr F. E. Clark, under, we believe, the direct guidance- a. -inspiration of the Holy Spirit, we have no fear for 'the future of Christian Endeavor. It has been too sadly true in the past that thousands of young lives-foull of brightness, intelli gmnce., activity, zeal---have been worse than useless, simply because in the Christian Church there oexisted, or rather there was thought to exist, no sphere in whiich work could be found for them. We believe tilhat in Christian Endeavor we have tilhe new bottle which will pre serve the new wine of consecrated yout!h ful energy, and we believe that already the Christian Church is acknowledging, as the ruler of the marriage feast at Cana of Galilee to the bridgroom, " Thou hast kept tne best wine until now." True, they might have had it before, but we reproach them not. They have sinned and suffered. There was no room for the Infant Messiah in the inn at Bethlehem, and there was no room in thile Christian Church for the average young believer to do any work by which the new life just received by regeneration of the Holy Ghost might have t·he opportunity for gaining streligth by exercise. It is a divine life, and so it survived in spite of unsympathetic ministers, of cold hearted deacons, and elders of worldly minded church mem bers; burt it was hardly to be wondered at, that it was sickly, without vigor, fit frl, without stability, and in many instances, as far as could be seen, a con stantly diminishing, and at last an un known qnantity. Its history might be summarised-" Going ! going ! gone"l Are Christian Endeavorers then to be blamed for .having opened out new channels of work for themselves. We have come to see that one of our in valuable privileges is to be co-workers together with Christ. We have dis covered a mine of untold wealth, and it has been shown us from above that this mine of Christian service is ours not merely by right of dis covery, but is ours by inheritance by the will of our Father in heaven. WTe find ourselves rich beyonl the sordlid dreams of avarice-for all things are ours in Christ Jesus. We are H:s ! He is ours! His life is ours ! His love is ours I His strength, His wis dom, His zeal--Everything that went to make up the perfect character of Him in whom dwells the fulness of the God head bodily, we find is ours by faith. Finding ourselves then in possession of so much, is it any wonder if we go out side the conventional method-The pre scribel forms of orlinary Church work -many of which are hoary with age; and it is not an old age which still brings forth frui, bu:lt one, sans hands, sans eyes, sais heart, sans head, sans everything, save the grave clothes of ancient custom-a gaunt sp·ctre-a horrible skeleton-a lifeless body which stinks worse than Lazarus, though he had been four days in the grave. Bury it decently. I tshould have been out of sight years ago. Possihly the qa woeld have been healthier, and clos??oe batter work for Jesns Christ, is many mare mighlt.: have been ste'vtedcl as branvs frm the bhrning. Ct;r'd of - + - It ... . .t we know that ssum- people say that wtl.i we call our machinery, i. e., our com mittees, is orgaýtisatinrun - ul:a. We care not. It is the old story, John the Baptist had a devil. Jesus Christ .was a gluttonous man and a wine bibber. Paul who was beside himself was min d. Truly we are in gool company. Our good friends, God bless you. We. have piped unt y.ou, and ye have not dance1d, We have mourned unto you and ye have n?t wep'. Henceforth we are nat go.ing to labu.,:r in vain. It is a fruitless task 'o try to please you. We believe we are loin;g God's work, and with all humility, we say, we believe we are doing it in hi:s way. Our responsibility is to Him. If we were disposed to go on our defence, we might say what we believe. " Order s Heaven's first law." \\\e find complete organisation in nature. Sir [saac New ton thought a pumpkin would do much better than an acorn or an oak, until he held his eye under the place where the acorn fell ; and if you object to organ isation and think that work can be done haphazard and without any discrimina tion and pre-arrangemeut, put your principles into practice, and use your feet instead of your hands at meal time-, admire the beauties of nature through your open mouth (of course with eyes closed), and if you happen to have a bad cold test the fragrance of a rose with your ears, Above all have nothing like organisation in business. Let everyone do what they like ; when they like ; how they like. Everyone in your establishment should follow the dictates of his own sweet will. Do be honest, carry out your principles, we heartily wish you success. We have spoken of our motto, " For Christ and the church." We recognise its lofty height, and as we ponder the words we say, " Who is sufficient for these things," but in the opening words of our pledge, and having carried a no-confidence motion in our selves, we say, Trust in the Lord Jesus Christ for strength and lay hold on the promise. " My grace is sufficient for thee." We recognise the height of our standard, but we recognise also that the power is of God. We have no thought of lowering our standard, nor are we going to broaden the narrow doorway to our membership. We have no faith in creeds as such. We despise mere Shib boleths. We say, and we say from our hearts, " One is our master, even Christ, and all we are brethern," and the one requirement we have for our active mem bers, is personal faith in a personal Saviour. We find that all members of Evangelical Churches have here one glorious common platform, resting on the firm foundation -the "fRock of Ages "-Jesus Christ himself, and from this platform we can all do the work which He set forth when lie said" The Son of Man is come to seek and to save that wluch is lost." WVe recognise the solemnity of the Calristian Endeavour pledge, the sub stance of which is now so well known, as not toneed repetition here. And although there are not wanting people who say that the taking of any pledge is contrary te New Testament teaching, we say that it is not the mere letter but the spirit of the pledge for which as part of our organisation we have such profound veneration. We heartily endorse, and we believe Our Divine Lord also seals with His approval anything which makes " Ye belox:g to Christ " seem more easy of practical realisation, and wvhich brings so lofty an ideal down to matters of every day life. We believe our" pledge to be s Asmnly ba,:.iug upon our members for all time till " Hope is changed to full fruition ; Faith to sight, and prayer topraise." Hence the pleclge once t:aken is a sacred act of loring devotion to the Lord Jesus Christ, signed in distrust of ourselves, complete childlike confidence in Him : and should never need repetiton as another and separate act, any more than having once pledged themselves in the marriage ser vice-husband and wife- need to go through the same form again. There fore our monthly consecration meeting is not a fresh consecration, itis not a re consecration, it is not in some senses a renewal of our -consecration. We re cognise our pledge as a dfinite promise to tile Lord Jesus Christ, solemnly bind inlg on us-spirit, soul, and boly-and we recognise that we are guilty of the greatest dishonor if we wi!fully break or fail to keep either the spirit or the letter of its provision. And the dishonor and dishonesty is all the worse, is the more unpardonable, because the promise is made to One who to the eye of sense is absent, to one who has given us the supremest evidence of His love, who makes no burdensome demands on us ; whose yoke is easy; whose burden is light; who reproaches not; who up braids not; One who not only loves, but Himself is love. Do we fail ? All, yes Alas, we do. Do we keep all the provisions of our pledge ? Ah, no ! Our shortcomings are many; But we rest on the assurance of His word, that if we confess our sins He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' And so at our monthly consecration meeting we unitedly confess our failure, we unitedly seek and receive the forgiveness of Him who is a God ready to pardon. We say tFhat we are content with Our Master's service': We find it a delight. We love our Master. We haveno desire for the old order of things--the license which was ours when we were a law unto ourselves. We seek for the future: grace, to be more faitlhful to, Him, to love Him more whole-heartedly. to be m')re obedient to His command, t . be more conformed t, His will, to be more zealous in His service, to be more courageous for Himn. to be more separate from the world and from its spirit, in short to sum up, to be more like Christ. \We want to live out, bc.ause we imelieve the world needls more living an 1 les. p:eachin --the spirit of our consecra tion plelge-and we want the sam spirit which pervades our consecration meeting to posses us in our dai'y lives. We want every day to b a cornsecration meeting between our souls anl living loving Lord, antl we want, as the Apostl: Paul wrote to Timothyb-" Lt no man despise thy youth, bmt be thou ac exampne of the bte~i ve.rti -rd, in con versati,,n, in lo't?.ir;., spkit, in taith, in purity." Tha iork is not'o'irs; it is ' 6 '.? ,..? , ?. :,€ : fulness. ThIerefore, we go forward; Our Captaiin leads. iHe never suff,,red de f.-at yet. We are more than conquerors, through Him that loved us. We work and piray, and we betic'e that we ,halli be kept steadfast, iinumovable, always abounding in the work of the. Lord; and shall be p-rmitted to see s.:m. of the fruits of His work, through tus, see ing with heart5 full of love to, Liin, with sanctified earnessness, inte!li_-nce, and common sense, we labor " For Christ and the Church." 