STEPMOTHERS. Deaii Butterfly, — Probably there are many women who would, in heart if not in thought, echo the sentiments of the maiden aunt' who, upon being told by a pert young niece when announcing her ; intention to keep a school that she would prefer marrying a widower with eight children, exclaimed, ? So would I,my dear, ., out wnere ib vne wiaower ro oe round r Nevertheless, however eager damsels or widows on matrimonial thoughts intent might be to annex a widower with encum- : ; brances, if the market hold no more ? eligible article, not one of them, unless I.. . be mistaken, would entertain with aught ? but distaste the idea of another woman ' occupying the place by her father's side vacated by her dead mother. Stepmothers are not more popnlar in. real me cnan in me realms 01 notion, and from the time we first1 met one in the fairy tale respecting the beautiful Show drop, whose woes awakened our aversion ' towards their cruel cause, until in later days Victor Hugo's 'Little Paul' aroused j our deepest By mpathy, we have never been particularly attached to the supplan tera of buried wives. However unroman tic we may be, our sense 'of justice, through advantage having been taken of ' the deed, makes us feel antagonistic towards second spouses, as though all, would prove as cruel as did the beautiful Elfrida, who ordered the murder of 'her' husband's son, Edward the Martyr. ' Perhaps the stepmother who least arouses' our ire as we peruse the printed pages ' is the Marga'ret of whom Adelaide i Proctor tells us who Hacrifioed her own. j i feelings upon the altar of friendship, and,' for the sake of the woman whom she re garded with great affection, refused to . marry the man she loved, until death had ' ? rendered him free to wed again. ' There is ' : '* ?'?£,' poetical justice in this reward of a true ind unselfish attachment, but it grates upon one to think that the cypress-wreath somewhat had to be placed upon, one woman's head before the orange blossom could beentwined around another's tresses. It; is a gruesome thought that a funeral should be necesBary to' a wedding, and so we cannot feel anj1 pity for the bride visited at nights by her predecessor whose rings ahe was wearing. As Whittier relates, 'All our compassion is . lavished upon the poor ghost who must have felt the utter futility of human love.' . But putting aside sentimenfc,sometimes : it happens that a stepmother is almost a necessity in a household. A man left; with a family of young children to the tender mercies of servants or a house * keeper is not in the most enviable position. Services performed for payment, however well executed, are not invariably satis factory. It is not exhilarating to know ; that every seemingly kindly action ia merely a matter of pounds, shillings, and epence,and that with cessation of monetary . quivalent the sweet smiles, honeyed' words, and gentle deeds would be trans ferred to another domicile. Under these circumstances duty assumes the form of a forb.ddinz spectre, instead ofga beautiful angel; Without affection attentions pall, one shrinks from being regarded merely an a matter of convenience, and it often happens that duties are not perfotned conscientiously, although their prica i3 demanded. The house becomes a scene of disorder, the children are neglected, no check is kept upon the bills, and the con trast between the past and the present is bo great as to be unbearable. The widower looks back upon the happy life which made his prayers pseans instead of dirgeB. And he asks himself if his dear dead love would blame him for bringing '7 another bride to his home to make it brighter, not only for himself, but for , their little ones. 'If he can win the heart of a true woman she will love the children for his Bake,' he mentally whispers, and the chill atmosphere of a loveless home, whether well-regulated or the reverae,will be replaced by one warm with affection, and it sometimes occurs that a home is i made more cheerful through' the advent of h wife — even though her husband has not plighted his first marriage vows to '. ;her. His boys and girls become as ' great objects of interest to her, as if they ''' . were really her own, his house is managed ' for love and not for money, Bhe does not * . vacillate between pleasing the master and / servants, nor allow the housekeeping expenditure to be arranged- according to . the ideas of tradesmen and hirelings. She does not repeat every tittle of con :[ versation to her acquaintances, nor le'j the private affairs of the house over whioh r ahe rules become as public as though tljey were gazetted, So justice bids one Bay '/hat a aecond marriage is sometimes beneficial to all moat immediately concerned.. But -?? a wise choice must be made, and i'c is not because a mature syren exerciser, all her powers of fascination that Bhe f(ia a whit more suitable- as a companion, than her prototypes. It ia not because, an appar ently charming woman gushes over the *dear Hltle pets,' and expresses a hops that 'they are treasured as Buch darlinga deserve,' that they would be safer or more comfortable under, her charge. Permanent homea are as often sought by undesirable women as are temporary ones, and it is not. unseldotn that an applicant for a housekeeper's situation is just as much, instigated by matrimonial motives as if ahe advertised for a husband or went to an office where spouses are to be procured! It is not at all likely that one of these female fortune hunters to whom the obituary is the land where they hope to ' strike ile ' would be a desirable stepmother. Ah well, probably it will always be a vexed question as to which would be preferable- a housekeeper, who .could be dismissed with all her faults at will, or a stepmother, who might prove a lifelong incubus, and who in the majority of oases would not tend to increase any provision against life's storms which a father might make for his children. It is to be feared that few women become stepmothers from any motive but .con venience. The middle-aged have gene rally speaking left romance with their youth far behind tham, and the young are seldom led by love to become a second wife. Still every rule has an exceptibn, and I remember hearing that one of the happiest families known to the speaker consisted of a husband, wife, and the former's daughter, whose flower of life's spring had been replaced }by autumn's leavea,and who reciprocated her steptnother'a affection as dearly as if, indeed, it had been that of the mother whose image had never been painted upon her memory, and again of a group of. young children who would have been deso late, of a truth, but for the protection of a loving stepmother. — Youra, etc, ; Amicizia. ; 