RELIGIOUS SERVICES. BAPTIST CHURON. -The Bev. G. A. Weller occupied the pulpil at the Hargreaves street Baptist Church yesterday morning. He took as his text Luke, 2nd, chapter, 25th voise, “And behold there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simoon, and the same man was just and devout waiting for tbo console tion of Israel and tbo. Holy Ghost was upon him. Audit was revealed into .him by (be Holy Ghost that ho should not see death bo* fpro ho bad ie'on tbo .Lordjs Christ. And ho oSmo by, the; spirit into llio tpmple, and when tho parents had brought in tbo child Jesus, \- then-took ho him up >in his- arms and blessed God and said ‘ Lord now lettest tbou : Thy servant .depart |u" pence according to Tby word, for mine eyes .have seen Tby salvation. ’ ” The preacher remarked in opening that at tins se-tson of tho year the thoughts naturally . tarnud to tho ; Jnearoalido of tbo Lord Jesus. Tbo festivities came just often enough to ro now tbo interest in that particular portion of the life of Christ though ns regarded tbo lime tlioy might just as wall be in November or July. The important point was that Christ did come not ht.wbafc. time Ho came. Every era in Christ’s life whs watched with . interest and none more so ,than tbo one men tioned in the text, when Ho was taken for the dedication service. Simoon though poor and old has (ho Holy Ghost within, and was ■ supported by the promise that bo should sco Iho Lord’s Christ. Ho was just and dovoul, . haying also patience. . This was a fine thing to bo able to say about on old mani for though hard to attain justice and devout ness and- patience, it was much harder to maintain them. Then.ho showed great faith in God’s promise, for as soou as Christ carao into tho temple,voven as a liltlo child, he know by the Spirit that. tho, promise fur which ho . had waited for years was fulfilled. A great want in modern days was more faith in the words ■ and promises of God, which novor fail. Finally, Simoon embraced thu Loyd Jesus Christ. Many people, cultivated what might be termed a nodding acquaintance with Christ, bat this was not what God required, and ho urged them all lo embrace Christ and so gel into close loving fellowship with him. St Akdbbw’s Cudbch.—The Rev A. S. C. James conducted the services yesterday. I n .the morning ho gave a seasonable address, taking for bis text St Lake, 2nd chapter, 11th . vorao, “For unto you is born this-day in tbo city of David a Saviour which is Christ tbo Lord. ” Tho preacher rermurked that this was greatest event that over jn t£i'o L , world. Since.tho birth of Christ Christianity lhas ejyread its wings over tbo earth. Wo rBoom to have had a freer atmosphere, and jevon the pagan can fool his influence. As far as their ohimcfe was concerned they did not ■ (bold Christmas Day as a day of religious sig nificance, though many churches looked upon fit as being inoro sacred than Sunday, It was (the Presbyterian Church that revolted egoinst Ihc&wvna; nnd customs of the Romish Church .<and only £ojlow those commands found in the blblo. Wo ore not commanded to observe Christmas and.6bcrcf.crc thoydonot look noon it as a day to botkept holy. It, was an ecclesiasti cal order issued by the Romish Church in tho fourth century-that the 26th December shpold the -celebrated'.as jibe birth of Christ, .though Itbo Greek Church celebrated tbo. 6th January. However, there is good reason for believing (that both of’ those dales are incorrect, and that bo wns boro eomotimo in April. In fact, it Is generally agreed that .tho year in which be was supposed to have beep bora is at least four years out,andhhat iu reality wp should be celebrating tbo !S9$th anniversary of fr}<t birth. Bo this as it may, tbo 25th day of JDecembee is now recognised as tbo day of His fhirth—in fact, believed—and njl over I bo •world it will bo celebrated as no other day is. will meet that have not mett for years, parents will see their children gathered heme, \aad oven tho iron chain of business will bo (broken, and everyone will make merry in cele brating the birth of Him who came to re hdoom the world nineteen hundred years ago. ; jfr 'tbo evening tho rev gentleman discoursed ion u Do wo live offer death?" PniMmvB Metropist, Rowan stbeet.— The -Rev D.-Proven -preached ri seasonable sermon ;o this church yesterday from Luke 1st, 78tb -and 79th verses, "Through tho .. tender mercies of oar-God, whereby tbo days. ■ spring from jm high bath visited us to give ■ light to them that sit' ip and the shadow of death, and .guide 'opr. feet in the way of peace,” Wonder, saldiho preacher, has often been expressed at the _ groat notice : God has taken of Ibis comparatively insignl fioant world in having, given his son io dic 'for man’s solvation. Goa takes more notice of things when they *re going wrong than when .. jbfaoy are going right. One lost sheep requires . sopre ndtiqo than 99 sheep safe .in .the fold. 'The faot bf bis giving Christ for bur sajygtiou • chows tho value be sets on man’s souls and the enormity of sin. Some people think that by day spring fa meant John tbo .Baptist, bat the preacher with ptimra thought that. Jesus Giiriat was mffnnt. The day spring suggests « contrast between those Jo this darkness of «in and those who had accepted Christ. Christ came to give light* Wo should pony 4>be .example bo gave us and communicate the . light we receive to others. Sitting So/dark vonbbs stows the. contentment of tho people In ysuch a position as it suggests their inactivity. jLoHO Gum# Bible Chbisxian Chuboh.— ■ JRev H. ’6. ’ Tjcobiloook , conducted a \--hpebiaf Cjmistmas geryfoa yesterday afternoon In' thnshoTB' phwtoh, ■ - Hv>»»loflfai- sgyhig Luke 2od;ohapfer, -16th vewe, “Let us go even, unto Bethlehem and see this thing which is oomo-to pass, which-the Lord hath made knows unto as.” Birthdays, ' ho said, were (always days of interest, 'days- on' which mothers and fathers looked wlfh thankfulness on their child, and on which the children were Joyous and gjfid, No birthday could be of more interest than that of- the Lord Jesus' Christ, which they were about to celebrate. At birthdays it was cus tomary, to givo people presents’in order to snake the day memorable, and it was fitting that they should give something to Christ, People always, jfcripd to give those things which were most suited to the recipient, and an giving to Christ nothing would bo more ac ceptable than themselves. This ho urged them •to do, 'pointing out that it was not only f«boir ifluty but their privilege, * Mr. Tonkin preached •Jo tho rooming, and the Bov A* H. Hicks in the evening. The choir rendered a number *of Xwas carols very nicely. Mrs Hiobs pro-, tsidodatfto organ, . JBlULE McKenzie Street.— Mr Grenfell preached at this church yester day morning, tiering as hi* text St. Luke, ; 2nd chapter, ldtb verse ; “GHory Jo God in like highest, on earth peace, goodwill toward iafl men,” In the afternoon a musical service ooiisisfciog of Cornish Christmas carols was rfven, -and numb appreciated by the audience, ilr Gray oonductedT- At tho evening service Itibe Bdv Mr vTrobilcock' proaohed on in rae morluro sorvioe on the death of .the late Mr Ghuson, dho preacher using as bis ie;t tho 37th Psalm, 37th versa The preacher ro.-j jEerrod to. the. godly -life led by their-late | brother, and the reward bo now enjoyed, and exhorted bis eonjgregatioiT to strive and attain fcbossmo end, -* Tub Rry Mb MoLabeb, . assisted by Mrs McLaren, who led tbo singing, pre/iohod at the Fost O/JJoe last night from fsafah, Qolh i obaptcr,22nd verse : ‘‘-‘Look unto Mo and bo yo ( .saved, all yo ends of tho earth,” The crowd , «vas most attentive, Mr* MeLarim will conduct • services in the A.N.A. HaM ,5.0 and Tuesday, evenings. . 1 