CHAPTER II. THE SPECTRE OF THE ROCK. A glorious fire was soon roaring and crack- ling in one of the lower rooms of the old castle of Inchkeith, and before its ruddy glow our two castaways are now seen enjoy- ing themselves, quite unmindful of the awful storm that yet rages on the river, or the deadly perils through which they so lately passed. This is one of the traits of our brave and hardy men of the coast — they who go down to the sea in ships and trade on the great waters, — and the two worthies of my sketch had all the bravery and indifference to dangers that distinguishes their gallant race. A couple of empty jam tins, picked up on the island, now served as glasses and with one each of these in their hands, the con- vivialists were now sitting by the bright fire and doing their best to enjoy hogmanay under difficulties. Tom Wilson was enscon- ced in the ruins of an old throne-like chair — a relic of past ages, that yet survived the march of time — and his friend, Saundy, was stretched on an adjustable couch that had once served as a bed when the fort was garrisoned by a company of the royal artil- lery. They were evidently very comfortable and also considerably “ mellow,” and as the “ whusky” went down their spirits rose in proportion. In the far corners of the old oak-panelled hall, dark shadows yet lurked, and from the many dim and ghostly corri- dors that opened out on it weird and ghostly noises from time to time smote on the ear. It was a dismal, eerie place, and not even the power of the generous whisky could banish this from the men’s minds, and, as they drank, they ever and anon cast hurried, suspicious glances into the shadows on either side. “ Well, Tam, here’s yer verra gude health again,” exclaimed Kinloch as he raised the liquor to his mouth and threw a furtive glance into a distant corner. “ I feel like anither man since drank that last tinfae of whuskey —an’ faith ” he con- tinued energetically the “ ither man ” deserves a drink, as weel.” He suited the action to the word, and “ the ither man ” had no reason to complain of the result. “ Thank ye — thank ye, verra kindly, Saundy Kinloch,” said his comrade heartily. “ Mony a hunder thoosand glasses o’ whuskey me and you hae drank thegether, an’ mellions o’ hogmany nichts hae we passed in on and ither’s company. Drink up mon, I dinna think Paul Jones is gaun to bother us the nicht.” “ A’ the waur fur Paul Jones,” remarked Saundy. “ That’s as gude whuskey as ever I tasted an’ if he disna turn up for his share o’t, he’s no the description o’ ghaist I thocht he was.” “ Noo ! Noo ! Ca’ canny fer gude sake — Saundy,” remonstrated his friend solemnly. “ We dinna want the gory rascal here ava, an’ it’s no wise o’ ye tae tempt providence in that way. If he comes, he’ll get a taste o’ the liquor an’ if he stays awa’, it’ll be that much saved, but, for my pairt, I’d rather he’d stay awa’.” “ Oh, blast his pictur’, who cares whether he comes or stays ?” shouted the valiant Saundy. “ We’re here for the nicht, and he can either come or stay awa’. If he comes ceevil, he’ll be used ceevil, and if he comes the ither way, he’ll be used the ither way. — Look, Tam, I’d bash him ower the moon if he’d come here tryin’ on ony o’ his——” A dreadful rattle of thunder now shook the castle to its foundation, and the next instant a firm tread was heard in the western corridor, and Paul Jones, the spectre of the rock, strode into the room. A horrible clamour, as of escaping steam or the hiss and roar of rushing torrents of water, preceded and accompanied the dread- ful apparition, and from all the dim corri- dors and echoing galleries despairing shrieks and the clanking of chains resounded. The awful thing itself was attired in the gaudy trappings of Corsair Captain — slashed velvet doublet, lined and trimmed with scarlet silk, knee breeches of dark plush, also adorned with crimson ribbons, black silk stockings and Japanese shoes, with a three-cornered hat, with a long dropping ostrich feather, was set rakishly on the hairless skull. A keen Turkish scimiter, naked, and blood- encrusted, depended from the left hip ; the yellow-silken sash-knot hiding the jewelled hilt and making a broad band of gold round the body of the ghostly visitant. There was a horrible, ghaulish leer on the almost flesh- less visage of the corsair, and his eyes scin- tillated and flashed like gleams of fire as they were directed on the two unfortunate fisher- men. Horror, deep, intense, and unutter- able, had now paralysed the two men, and they could only gaze in stupified terror, and in silence, on the fearful thing. A wild peal of mocking, devilish laughter now issued from its lips ; then the skeleton fin- gers came round to the left and closed on the sword-hilt. A swift movement of the arm followed, and then the murderous blade was flashing and glancing through the air like a fiery wheel— “ Ha ! ha! ha ! My hu- man bloodhounds,” shouted the dead spirit, “ One more victim for the eagles of the sea. Ho ! ho ! The strong castle of my Lord Murray has yielded up its treasures, and it now flames and crackles gloriously in the morning sun ; but the gold — ha! ha ! The treasure ! — that is all here, and the sea rover holds it by his strong right arm.” [This castle was actually pillaged and burned by the dread corsair.] “ Preserve us a’. Is he no’ a shameless, barefaced feef ?” muttered Saundy hoarsely in the ear of his friend. “ Ma verra con- tempt for his dishonesty is makin’ me hae less fear o’ his awfae physog. Hoo wad he like it noo if the constable was tae come stappin’ in an’ pit his hand on him, the dam feef ?” “ Wheesht — haud yer tung for gude sake” whispered the more timorous Wilson, cautiously. “ Bob Strachan hasna a pair of handcuffs in his hoose ’at wad haud that — that — thing. I dinna think he sees us ava, Saundy, sae the best thing we can dae is to haud our tongues an’ say naething. He thinks his bluidy gang is roond him, and that he is jist efter clearin’ oot the Castle o’ Murray. Wheesht, ye devil ; he’ll mebbe let oot where he has hidden the gold !” “ Jist let him dae that,” hissed Saundy, determinedly. “ Let him jist drap the least hint o’t, and I’se warrant ye we’ll pay oor- selves for a’ the terror and alairm he’s gi’en us noo. — Haud on though, what the sorry is he efter noo ?” The ghost of the pirate had now moved over to the western wall of the old hall, and with his sword-point was tracing a circle on the floor, the motions of the weapon leaving a track of lambent fire on the stone flags. “ Gold, red, blood-stained gold,” moaned the hideous thing in a voice that seemed to partake of hopeless despair and hellish exultation as well. “ Gold made red with torrents of human blood and loaded down to the earth with the curses of murdered men, of butchered maidens, and innocent babes. Gold snatched from the grasp of abject, shrieking miser, and torn from the gory corpses of murdered spendthrifts and hooded monks. Treasure reft from the sanctuary and the merchant’s safe, from the neck of beauty and the clutch of greed — yet all dyed red with the tide of human blood and cursed with the last breath of the murdered and the despairing. Ha ! ha ! ’Tis a proper trust for the pirate’s shade, and its guardian would smite, with a sword of fire, the base mortal who would dare to look on its glitter. Ho ! my fleshless imps. Ho ! ye shadows of the dare devil crew that served me so well on crimsoned seas. Unearth, and count me out my gold, the gold for which we are now accursed.” “ The siller’s under the flair, an’ the raw- paree’s actually gaun tae hae it kowkit up and coonted,” whispered Saundy Kinloch. “ I’m gaun to hae a squint at it onywi’, and if there’s no’ ower mony o’ his hoblin goblins helpin’ him too coont it, I’m gaun to gi’e him’ a warsl’ for some o’ it.” “ Dinna’ attemp’ sic a thing, Saundy,” gasped Wilson hoarsely. “ Dinna think o’t mon if we value baith oor lives. Let them coont awa’ at the siller and hide it again, an’ then we can howk it up when day- licht comes in. The dam crew will hae tae clear oot wi’ daylight, and then we’ll hae it a’ oor ain way.” “ Od,” Saundy whispered back. “ I dinna ken but what yer richt, “ We dinna need tae make a row about it, yet I’d like tae slam that lantern-jawed pirate ower the chafts (jaws.) He’s no’ the man he hauds oot tae be, and he has four awa muckle bounce and blow for my taste. I’ll taak seven fathoms of deep sea line against the old Pollywobble, and a’ her fittins that I can put him on the braid o’ his back in the first meetin’. ” “ Wheesht, wheesht, fur ony sakes,” again warned the cautious Tom. “ They’re no’ men ava, but a crood of hoblin goblin devils. Ye wad hae nae chance wi’ them, Saundy. Nae chance. God saves and keeps ! look there.” Well might Tammas Wilson utter the above pious exclamation, and crouch back into the dim shadows by the hearth. At the command of the demon pirate a mad rush of hurrying feet was heard, and the gloomy corridors began to pour their hellish deni- zens into the hall. What a hideous horror- inspiring crew they were, too, and how they shrieked and tore at each other, and tried each to be first to obey the commands of the ghastly chief. Oaths, curses and horrible blasphemies rang out on the stormy night, and a clear unmistakeable odour of brim- stone impregnated the room. Gory pirates gasping out their last breath, and with the strangling rope yet round their necks, mixed with the crew, and villains cloven to the chin by the cutlass and sword, hurried round with their divided skulls lying on their shoulders. Others again — wretches who had met their doom by cannon ball and grape shot — forced their shattered bodies through the ruck and tore away at the flags that hid the pirates’ gold. It was an awful scene, and as it went on even the dauntless Kinloch began to tremble for his safety. The great stones were soon raised on end, and then a host of the demons plunged into a vault under the floor, and hoisted out a couple of mighty boxes, filled to the lockers with gleaming yellow gold. Claw-like fingers tore away the strong lids, tellers were ap- pointed, and with the chief villain (Paul Jones) as scrutineer, the counting of the treasure began. Scales for weighing bar gold were set up, and cases of costly gems strewed the floor, while the glitter of loose diamonds flooded the room with light. “ I’m gaun tae hae a gowpenfae or twa (fist-full or two) o’ they sparklers sud I dee for’t,” shouted the now thoroughly regard- less Saundy. “ I’m no’ gaun tae sit here like a muckle cuddy an’ mebbe see they dam imps whup the lot awa’ tae — tae whaur they came frae wi’ them. Come on, Tam ! Honest herts an’ clean haunds against thiev- ery, rawpine, and murdair. We kin lick them a’ haunds doon.” His comrade now caught the infection of his ardour, and jumping to their feet, they seized a couple of old rusty bars of iron from the hearth and dashed madly into the midst of the demon host. At this point a dreadful rattle of thunder again shook the old fortess to its foundations, and then the two fishermen found themselves hurled into space, and being buffeted and beaten by at least ten million fiends. Then more fright- ful blows were showered on them, and they found themselves being pitched over the rocks and out into the stormy waves of the river. At this point unconsciousness came to their relief, and they knew no more. 