HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. CONFIRMATION CEREMONY. Confirmation was administered at Holy Trinity Church on Thursday evening by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. F. F. Goe, attended by the Revs. G. F. Cross Incumbent, H. F. Scott, Footseray and S. B. Scott, Yarraville. Soventy two presented them selves, over fifty being ladies, who looked very pretty in their white dresses, wreaths and veils. The Rev. G. F. Cross having read the pro The Bishop addressed a fow words from the 22nd psalm, Sth verse, to tlioso about to be confirmed, remarking that they were words which had been used before the Holy Ghost descended upon the founders of his Cliureli on Pentecost Sunday. In the verse referred to, the psalmist said the Lord had spoken to him and inado him feel something. The Bishop then went on to remark that there wore occasions when the Lord spoke to each one of us ; and the present was a con spicuous occasion to those about to be confirmed. They had probably uudergone three months careful instruction in order that they might worthily ratify and confirm the solemn vow made on tlicir behalf in Baptism. It was therefore a most solemn service to take part in, and whilst the largo congregation were spectators, those to whom he was speaking were actors. But while the clergy might prepare, the bishop pronounced and they respond to the words to be addressed to them, unless their hearts went with what was|said,they could not expect to get spiritual benefit. They should ask to be made sincere and real in their religion, in order that with the laying on ofhaudstheymightalso receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost to dwell in their hearts and strengthen them to serve nnd please God. The subjects for confirmation then advanced to the rails and knelt during the ceremony. After confirmation, the Bishop reminded them that they had now renounced the world, the flesh and the devil, and received the gifts of the Holy Ghost, wisdom, counsel, and understanding; he urged them to prove themselves worthy of those gifts by being zealous in the discharge of their duties and in the reception of holy communion, so that their souls might be strengthened by the meritB of the body and blood of Jesus Christ. There were over eight hundred present in the Church during the impressive ceremony, and appropriate music wa3 rendered by the choir under the direction of Mr Percy M. Ibbs, organist. A new hymn board, purchased out of the proceeds of a shilling subscription instituted by Mr Binglc, was used for the lirst time. It is of blackwood and redpine, with an Oxford frame; and was made by Mr Sturgess, the letters being painted by Mr Buckle. On Sunday morning the incumbent will preach on The Christian Life after Confirmation. 