SUNDAY READING *? *-* - ? OLOUDS THAT HIDE CHRIST. (Shlbotbd bt Bav. Gr. E.-Bowb.) BY THE RIGHT EBV. A. W. THOBOLD, D.D., Lobd Bishop of Winc&ksteb.; *? And a cloud received Him out of their sight.'— ACTS i. e. It cannot need any words to impress upon you that the Ascension is the final and crowning event in the redeem ing life of Christ. We begin of coarse with the Nativity. If he was to be our Saviour, and to aave us in our nature, He was to be born into the world, and He was born our Saviour, and Christ mas is the festival of joy. He was to save us by His death as well as by His life, aud He died a death of shame and agony. He bare our sins in His own body on the tree; He offered Himself, the just for the unjust, to bring us unto God. If there had been no death there would have been no Saviour; and there fore it is that Good Friday fills us with a Bblemn and impressive gladness. But if He had only died— if He had remain ed in Joseph's tomb, there would have been simply one more added to the list of the world's martyrs, one more beautiful history .touched with pathos, and lit up with grandeur ; one about wiiam we could only mourn and weep that He found suoh treatment at the hands of the world. If He had only died we should be still in our Bins. Xliou three diys after His death came the victory over death — that vic tory that helps us to aay now, 'O death where is thy sting P 0 gravo, where is thy victory P° He is a risen Saviour who has saved us; not only a crucified Saviour, but one whom God hath exalted to be a Prinoe and a Saviour. We know that our sins are forgiven -us, because the Father has ac cepted His sacrifice through raising him from the dead. But that is not all. Conceivably Christ might have remain ed on the earth. Had He remained on the earth, what would have happened ? Hie tellB us Himself—' It is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you.' There would have been the loss of the Comfortor ; but what else ? The tragedy of the Cross would have been renewed again. The miracle of the re surrection could not change the heart of the people, turning them from bad nesB to goodness. It had no effect on the chief priests. They knew Jesus Christ had rison. All the moral effect of it on them was to invent a prepoB terous lie. He would have once more gone about preaching the Kingdom of God, and stirred the malice of His enemies; by wicked hands He would have been nailed to a second cross, and gone to a second tomb. So He went back to heaven to be at the right hand of God, to send down the Comforter up on the world, that his Church might be born; My text points to the parting moment when the Lord left His apostles. We can see it all. On the eastern slope of Olives that early spring morning the Lord met them for His last farewell, and while He was speaking to them He was parted from them, and a cloud received him out of their sight ; and two of that great con course of holy angels that came from heaven to welcome Him back with ex ultant songs to His Father's right hand, came to cheer tho apostles with the hope of His return. There can be no need whatever to explain how the Ascension was a super natural event ; to expound how it was that their senses failed to see Him and He was gone. All these are parts of one great history, which if it is not super natural is a fable. But what I want to bring before you is that though ' the cloud received Him out of their sight ' ; though they ceased to behold Him with the eyes of sense, they had Him in their heart ; losing Him did not fill them with sorrow, with alarm, with hopeless ness as we should have thought it would have done. The prospect of losing Him had filled them with sorrow and despair, but as so often happens, when tho event came, they were strengthened to tear it. The angel's message filled them with a new courage. They went back to Jerusalem, and were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Kow this cloud which received Jesus out of their sight and concealed Him from their eye3, is a kind of parable. It is a parable which, is going on now, I want to show you thai it is still to a certain extent a history and an explan ation of tho spiritual history cithe world. The cloud still hides Jesus out of our fc* eight ; aud it will continue to hide Him until He conies back in that supreme day, when every eye shall see Him, and they a'so which pierced Him, when all the uationB of tho world which rejected Him shall wail because of Him ; when tho righteous shall shine forth, as the eun in the kingdom of their Father. Nov/ this thought is one which might be pursued in many different directions helpfully, reasonably, and without any artificial ingenuity. But there arc three direct ioDs in which I wish to in dicate its force and value. The cloud— for Borne of ub at least — still hides the Lord out of our sight as to the tact of His Being ; and a cloud hides the Lord , out of our eight as to the wisdom of His ..providence; and a cloud hides the Lord out of our sight as to the reality of His . lore. Have not all of you found this F You know you have; you will find it again, and some of you may be finding it now. First of all— as to the fact of His Being. Nobody doubts that Jesus of Nazareth onoe was born into the world ,? was the greatest phenomenon the world has ever seen ; lived a life that all ad mired, and died a death which all de plored. The question is what happened afterwards. There are three possible interpreta tions — three possible answers to the question of questions which underlies all revelation of faith in God ; and that is tbia— Where is Jesus Christ ? There is one possible answer of which I have disposed already. That He is still living on the earth, no one thinks that for a moment; but the two other answers divide that we may call the thinking world between them. One is that he is still in Joseph's tomb, and the other is that He is at the right hand of God in heaven. There are those who say that He died, but that He never rose, and that He did not rise because He could not rUe — that it was impossible. What is the proof to us that He has risen? There is no such thing you know as de monstration in the kingdom of God. God never proves Himself to our senses. He never did; He never wilt There would be no scope for faith if he did. Why do you and I rest on tho fact that Christ ascended, and that a oloud re ceived. Him. out of sight; Two thinga-T-. First, the visible Church. How can you account for. tho viseblo Church of God for nineteen centuries since Chriat went liack occupying by degrees the fairest, the most civilised, the most educated part of the whole world, still clinging to Christ, building temples for his honour, raising all kinds of humane and benevolent institutions for the help of the sick and poor, living lives saintliness, lives of self-denial, lived out of love to him, with the Church living, moving and growing to this hour? The Church with her message, the Church with her revelation the Church with her life, the Church with her sacraments, is an argument for a Christ, a living Christ, and a reiging Christ, Buch as no other religion can bring. There is another argument — I may not say better than that, but the com plement of that — and I speak to some of you here who will say yes to what I say— We know that Christ lived, be cause He lives in our hearts, ' Unto you which believe,' said St. Peter, ' He is precious.' He is fulfilling the pro mise He made before He went away, ' If any man love Me he will keep My words, and My Father will love him, and We will come unto him and make out abode with him.' We have not to go to any villiage in distant Palestine ; we have not to go into any stately church to find him there. We find him in our own hearts, speaking to ub, watching over us, now and then looking upon us with a look full of love. We can aay as the apostle said, ' I know in whom I have believed, and I am persuaded that He ifl able to keep that which I have committed unto Him against that day.' That is the faith that sent the martyrs to their death ; the faith in which you and I hope one day to pass to Bee His face, when the event which we call death comes to us. Tes, there is a cloud that shuts Jesus out of the mind and out of the faith of some men, but it is only a cloud. It is not a oloud I trust for most of ub. We see outside in the visible Church, we feel within our hearts, the reigning of the living King. But of course the cloud exists, and it will continue to exist, and for those on whom it hangs with its gloomy and melancholy burden, if only they will believe, let ub be quite sure that some day or other He will make Himself known to them ; the cloud will depart, and His glory will be seen. There is another respect in which a cloud hangs over the Church and the world. We cannot get behind the throne to see the sceptre in tht King's bands, to observe and to understand the wheels of His providence. We do not, let ub confess, always understand either the wisdom or the righteousness of His providence and we are not ex pected to. There are many things which puzzle us in the world as we see it now ; and let us be honest about it. They do puzzle us, and they must puzzle us ; and, I was going to say, perhaps they are meant to. Many peo ple are in tho habit of thinking, with out knowing it, that they could ruio this world much better than Christ rules it. They are mistaken. Of course the great problem of all 13 — 'Why was evil ever permitted to come into the world ? We wonder how it 13 that the wisdom ot God's providence could not contrive something better. ? For ages and ages thinking and godly men have tried to find a key to that in vain. I suppose there is only one thing to be said about it — that if it pleased God for his owsi ultimate glory to make man in His own image and to make .him free, all the rest followed. But if there is a cloud upon the wisdom of God's provi dence, even, on the righteousness of His providence, let us be quite sure it is only a cloud, and that behind the cloud tho sun is shining. God is wiser or.d stronger than we are. God rules the world ; He rules you and me down to the depth of our being. What we call providenco its the government of Christ. All power is given unto Him in heaven and in earth. Ho is sitting on His throne, and there is no such thing as what we call accident or chance. Ac cident and chance are simply tho results of undiscovered laws in His Kingdom. He bids us wait, and we shall see. If He was to Bhow us more now we should only be more puzzled than ever. Finite minds cannot decipher or comprehend the infinite. He Bays, wait, and you shall understand. Tarry them the Lord's leisure ; be strong, and He shall comfort your hearts. Put your trust in the Lord. I need not dwell on the details of this — on the wisdom of His providence — we have all felt about it ourselves, and we feel it about our neighbours. We quarrel so— who has not done it? with what we call circumstances. We think some people have no chance. Well, we need not go very far from those walls without seeing that there muBt be many people living here who hardly ever have the chance of knowing God, or Christ, or being good. I have cot for gotten many years ago, when I first came to this parish, it was said-, ' If you want to be quite sure that there is no God, you have only to go round St. Giles *.' My friends in these things we must just turn the righteousness of God's providence and the wisdom of it. He wiu make it up. You may depend upon it there is a great law of compen sation, not revealed now, but which will be revealed presently. The older I grow the more I rest myself . with un speakable and imperturbable peace on the righteousness of Christ. It is God's will to save you ; it is God's purpose to save you. . I am not afraid half so much as those who have been in the twilight and darkness all their lives, and who seem to us, as far as we know, to go down to the grave with the burden of unforgiven sin on their conscience. I leave them with their Saviour and their Redeemer; He will do all things well. Those I am afraid about are they who have known Christ and HiB Gospel ever since they could know anything, but for whom it hat lost its sweetness, and power and charm. There is one other matter upon which a oloud Boems to hide Jobus from ub, and that is the reality ot His love. Now I want you to look back at your lives. It is not true that almost every one of you who is not absolutely shallow, and thoughtless, and without feeling, has had moments — periods — in your life when you thought God had forgotten you, when you felt almost hardened and soured, and embittered against God t You thought He was not kind to you, and did not care for you the same as other people ; that He has taken from you your prop or stay; all that made the joy and dignity of your life ; and you seem to have nothing to do but to sit down and murmur P Who has not felt that ? There was a cloud, it was thick, dark and cold, and you thought the sun would never shine again ; but it did shine again ; it is shining now it may be. God sent it because he loved you so ; not because He did not love you at all. Now the clear sunshine after the rain is come ; now you feel you are happier, you can be good again. Goodness has a great deal to do with happinesB. Now you can Bay tho cloud came, and the cloud has 'one again; even if it came ag;v I should understand it better. Let me impress on you that even when the cloud is upon you the cloud comes in God's providence be cause He loves you ; I want you to learn more and more the tenderness, the unchangeableneBS, the righteous ness, the pitif ulnesB, and the love of God. 'Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom He receiveth.' It is easier that the sun should fall from heaven than that God should ever change or fail to the meanest soul that trusts in him. These then are the clouds that hide Jesus out of our eight — the cloud is to the fact of His being; the cloud is to the wisdom of His providence ; the cloud as to the reality of His love. In conclusion, let me impress upon you what the apoBtleB did, and what we have to do. The angel did not exactly rebuke the disciples tor looking up to heaven after their Master ; they could not help doing it. If they had not looked after Him to the last moment that their eyes could have seen Him they would net have caved for him very much. Still there is a sort of latent admonition, with something of a rebuke about it whon they said, 'Why stand ye gazing up into heaven ? It ia what we call » practical lesson. What it meant was — You will not get any good from that, you are not to wasto your lives in great dreams. You have got to work, you have got to pray ; to wait for the pro mise of the Father ; to found a church in the world. You have years to live — some ew, some many — you have got lo die for Him ; you have not any time to lose ; go and pray. ' Why stand ye gazing into heaven ? this same 3esuB, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall go come in like manner as ye have seen Him go up.' The first lesson we learn is the power of pruyer. The disciples were to go to the temple to pray, and to wait for the Comforter. 'When clouds come to us, !et us, if we cannot prey them away, pray uutil tho cloud ceu3es to be a cloud any longer, and the eye of f faith sees Jesus through it. It is not always wise to ask for cur affliction to be 'removed, for tho cloud to disappear and for the uun to shine out again j but it is always wise, and always right to go and plead with God about it, and to ask Him to let us feel the sunshine of Hie face even if the cloud is there. It is a wonderful tbiug, if you come to think about it, that tho disciples should have beon filled with such joy, when such a sense of' power, with such majestic hope doing nothing for Him ; but the momen^ we stand on our feet we begin to forge all this ; and to serve Him with our when their Friend and Master had gone, and they were left orphans in the world But though the cloud hid JeBus out of their sight it did not hide Him out of their hearts. He was nearer and dearer to them than ever He waB. That is the first lesson. Then there is another great duty— the duty of active exertion for Christ. Most or us have our moments of depres sion, of sombre loneliness, a sense of desertion from God, because we are best : then the clond seems loss of a cloud— at any rate we see the sun be hind it. There is one thing more — Hope. What is it that sent the apostles back to Jerusalem and the temple, filled with missionary joy ? It was that the Lord who left them was coming back to manifest Himself to them. Hope is the widening of the souL It is the hopeful people who change the world. Anybody can sit down and aay it is impossible. There are many base words, the few words are more base than imptttsible. Usually a man ?ays it is impossible when he does not mean to try. O that God would fill all who are worshipping here with a beautiful hope; make them feel that good is stronger than evil; Christ is stronger than Satan ; that the cup of cold water given to His name, will not lose its reward ; that when evil comes in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard againBt it. And the God of hope, if we ask Him, will fill us with all joy, and peace in be lieving, that we may abound in hope, through tho power of the Holy Ghost. *Tho Sermon m preached in the Pariah Church, Sfc. Uilea'-ia-the-nelds. 