THE BAPTIST UNION. ANNUAL. SESSION, The meetings connected with the aunual session of the New South Wales Baptist Union yesterday commenced at 10 a.m. with a devotional meeting, presided over by Mr. J. J. Stone. From 1t a.m. to 1 p.m. a conference was held on the subject of "The Kingdom of God iu the World," which was introduced by the Rev. William Taylor (Balmain) in a short, paper. A kecu discussion followed, ill which the Revs. Setli Jones, W. Page, IL- Clark, C. Boyall, W. It. Middiastolic, F. E. Harry, E. Price, and Mr. J. Packer participated. At the opening of the business session in the afternoon Mr. William White, the retiring chairman of the union, presided. The Rev. W. Page and Mr. Waldock were appointed minute secretaries for tho ses sion. The Chairman, in relinquishing his office, referred to the pleasure it had given him to serve the denomination, and to the fact that he had olficially visited «all the chur ches associated with the union during his term of office, lie then formally intro- i dueed tho Rev. William Coller, of New town, as the president for the ensuing year. The newly-inducted president brief ly acknowledged the great honor conferred ( upon him, and then took charge of tlie meeting. An application for admission to member ship of the union (Independent of its pre sent supply) was made by the Church at Merryweather, Newcastle. On tho motion of the Rev. F. E. I-larry, seconded by the Rev. Seth Jones, It. was decided to gladly receive into fellowship the Welsh friends at Merryweather. The Rev. Dr. Porter, late oT Ualtarat, now of Petersham, was admitted as a mem ber of the union, and had extended to him by the president the right hand of Chris tian fellowship. Dr. Porter, who was warmly applauded, made a few remarks regarding Christian unity. The Rev. A. J. Clark, of the Burwood Mission, was also associated with the union throughout the whole session, and received a very cordial welcome. A number of personal members of the union were also re- admitted. Tlic secretary, the Rev. P. E. Harry, read the List of delegates appointed to the meetings of the union. On the roil being called, no less than 70 responded. The Rev. F. J3. Harry nominated Mr. Hugh Dixson as president of the union for 1895-6, and on tho motion of the Rev. Soth Jones, seconded by the Rev. II. Clark, Mr. Dixson was unanimously elected amid ap plause. A few appropriate words he said in acknowledging the honor conferred upon him, and then took his seat as vice-chair man. The Rev. F. E. Harry was unanimously re- elected secretary to the union, and Mr. John Wells to the position of treasurer. No less than 22 nominations of delegates to serve on the executive committee were received. As this necessitated a ballot, tlie election will not take place until to-day, Wednesday. The Rev. Dr. Porter was unanimously chosen as preacher to the union for 1895. A number nf reports from churches con nected with the union were read. In near ly every Instance substantial progress was recorded. Tho secretary's report, which is to be of an interesting character, stands over until the public meeting to-night. A letter was received from the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Australasia, under dale from Queensland, respectfully asking the union to declare in favor nf un- fermentod wine for sacramental purposes. The letter was received. Notices of motion with reference to gam bling and the liquor traffic were handed In. On the motion of the Rev. F. Hiblicrd, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. and Mvs. White for their services to the union during the past year. At night, the Rev. Seth Jones, of New castle, one of the most eloquent divines connected with tlie Baptist denomination in Australasia, preached the annual sermon in tlie Burton-street Tabernacle. There was a crowded congregation. The rev. gentleman based his discourse on Acts, -l chap.. 12 to 20 verses. IIo told in vigorous language of the secret, of tlie effectiveness of the Apos tolic preaching — the depth of conviction, a firm grasp of truth, and being filled with tlie Holy Ghost. Their power lay not. in learning, for tho text said ihey were "un learned and ignorant, men," but in the fact that, self had been wholly given up to the spirit of God. Whenever the preacher call ed attention to himself, his eloquence, his learning, or any other quality, he thereby injured liis message, and withdrew that thought and devotion for Christ, Who was for ever exalted by the faithrul. Following the sermon there was a united Communion service, at which Rev. W. XI. Hiddlestone presided, and was assisted by the Revs. R. J. Middloton and C. Stark. Tho union meets again in the Baihurst- stroet Church at 10 o'clock this morning. At 11 o'clock there will be a conference on "The Union and the Churches — Their .Mu tual Helpfulness." There are the business session in the a/temocin, and the annual gathering in Harris-street Chfirch at night. 