THE HEIR OP BARTH. CHAPTER XII. — (Continued.) 'Who are Sam and Jane ?' demanded Sir Huperfc. „ n 'Oli, just people I used to know. God save them, they are dead ! Is liis mark on lis leg still ?' This question was addressed to the maid. 'You mean my ace of hearts!' demanded the prince, promptly dropping tlie toy whip -where with he was tapping ins patent-icawiez loots, rolling down his silk stocking and ex hibiting the black heart. ' There, now !' ' Bless and save us !' remarked Mr. Tit ' It's as clear as ever,' said the dame. ' Do yon. know how it came?' asked themaid more curious, because less educated, than her mistress. 'I know well,' said Dame Ghitton, purs ing up her mouth. ' Dear me, do tell me.' Dame Cliitton longed to tell her, but there stood Sir Rupert staling with wide, black eyes. Her ladyship's golden pound was in her clasp, and it would not be unpleasant to come again and see this wonderful little prince and get another golden pound. Dame Cliitton shook her head. ' There's the story of the mark and the secret, too. If ever her ladyship wishes me to speak 'em, let her send for me. I'm her most obedient — ' ' She said sho supposed you would not come again,' spoke up the rebuffed maid. ' You come when you like, old lady,' said Sir Rupert, with lofty grace, ' and here's a flower for you take home.' He darted into the conservatory and broke off a gray spray of heliotrope and a crimson cactus. ' Oh, Master Rupert ! Your mamma will be angry !' cried the maid. ' Can't I do what I please with my own things ?' said Sir Rupert. So we see he was very firmly intrenched in Bidebank Hall. 'It's time you went to breakfast,' said the maid. 'Yon are to go to breakfast with her ladyship and the great people.' So Dame Cliitton, almshouse nurse, saw the child she had reared earned off to breakfast ?with a lord chancellor, a duke's heir, and an archbishop, besides individuals of lesser note, and the dame herself went off with Timmy Titlow in the cart. 'That's a -werry fine boy,' said Timmy, meaning no insolence. 'I couldn't 'a' guessed ho b'longed to you.' 'Jane always said he looked like aris tocracy,' said the dame, with . pride. ? ' And that's a worry curious mark.' Dame Chitton was silent. 'Would you mind telling me about it ? And you mentioned a secret.' ' I did mention a secret,'-' said the dame, ' but l would mind telling them very much.' ' Secrets,' quoth Timmy Titlow, 'is very corroding to the mind. I think they ought to be let out.' ' ' I can't tell this to any , one but her ladyr ship.' ' Mebbe she'll never ask it of you, and yon might die with that there on your mind which oughtn't to be kept by. the dead.' . , ' When I come to die, Timmy, I'll tell you all the story, if my Sam ain't backhand if I liaven't told my lady. ' 'But you might die suddent, and there you'd be.' '' That's so, Timmy,' said Dame Chitton. ' Well, I- think I'll write it out keerful like and put it iri a safe place, and then, when I'm dead, it won't be lying on my mind. I can write, Timmy. I was well eddicated, and so was mv Jane. I sent her to Dame's school.' ' There's the Reservoir,' said Timmy. 'I've been night-watch there for ten years. Once I had a' adventure there. I se# a ghost. I don't mind telling you.' Mr. Titlow, therefore, launched into the five-liundreth edition of the ?' Story of Timmy Titlow and the Ghost,' revised and enlarged; 'with copious additions by the author, appen dix, preface, and supplement, royal octavo, etc. ' , When he had finished he looked : at his companion. , ; : Dame Chitton was - trembling and was deadly pale. . : ' That there's . a bang-up ghost story, -ain't it, old lady?' said Tim Titlow triumphantly. ' When — -when did you have- this dream?' slie faltered. 1 '' 'Dream?' it wasn't a dream, but a real. live ghost ! And it wero just eight ye.ar ago ? tho 10 fch of this blessed June.' . . The dame began groaning. ?'Are you anywise sick— Asiatic cholera -.'or. asthma?' 1 ' No,' said Dame Chitton. ' I was . only thinking.' ' It's that secrot. You'd better : out with it,' said Timmy. . 'Not to you, Timmy — not to you,' said tlio dame, shutting up her mouth with the im penetrability of a sphinx. Dame Chitton camo no moro to see Lady Bidebank's adopted son; but Timmy Titlow liad glimpses of that young gentleman riding in a carriage with his mamma, or rattling along on a wliito Shetland pony, with a tall groom at his heels, br playing in the gardens of Bidebank. Timmy always ' touched his liat revoroiitially to this gorgeous boy; and ?Sir Rupert bowed with the condescension of a iuuuju. UUUB, LUU, I1U yuvo Mr. Timmy Titlow a crown as a keepsako. A rollicking youngster was this, with a ! flash and a smile of the big black, eyes for everyone; and behind that flash and smile still that dew of tears which had como there at Mrs. Baby-Farmer's. Sir Rupert had no more devoted worsliippor than Mr. Titlow. As for Myra, sho was this child's Minerva, wlio led him wisoly. through tho devious ways of this world. Sho lectured him for pride and prodigality. .Sno made him ask pardon of his comrades when he had sinned against -them. She taught him that outbursts of pas .sion wore a weakness, and she mado a friend .of him and led him up steps of lofty ambi ' tion. What hours she spent in thinking how good it would have been if Elizabeth's child had grown up in his own home, and had grown as this child was growing ; and she could have trained her heir and been free of the encroachments of the Wrigleys ! Not that sho disliked the Wrigley brood of juniors; they were well enough in their way, resembl ing rather their mother than tlicir father, while ' Our Eldest,' and little Mi were very nice indeed. ' Our Third' was an insuffer able little prig, and the two elder little girls were as ugly in their manners as in their faces — and that was saying a good deal for them — while ' Our Youngest Boy' — the em byi'o midshipman — was the model and moral of his respected father. With that father Myra had this autumn, after she bouerht the Fitzrov estate a tremen dous quarrel. At last James Wrigley's strenuous efforts had secured him that title which was lying idle. The highest court in the kingdom concluded that after an absence of eight years little Sir Rupert must be considered dead, unless ho he could bo shown to be alive. Doctor Wrig ley had now reached one height of his desires. He dropped the odious medical handle to his name and stood — Sir James Wrigley, ol: Bartli. j But then, you see, he wanted to get into Parliament — there was to be a general elec tion — and he must represent the Bartli inter ests. He asked of his cousin Myra six thou sand pounds to cover his election expenses. Myra declined to grant the aid. Wrigley prayed, begged, and demanded. All in vain. 'I can give — not lend — I don't lend,' said Miss Barth, ' two thousand pounds which lias accrued out oi tne income ui uireeu thousand, which, if Elizabeth's child returns, will legally be mine. That two thousand pounds you can have, but I can do no more !' ' I'm sick to death of hearing about Eliza beth's child. You know as well as I do,' roared the doctor, ' that it will never come back.' ' On the contrary, I daily hope and expect j to find it.' 'You cannot beguile me with that talk, Myra, if you can Dr. Brice and old Mellodew, and the rest. I know too much,' stormed the ' doctor ; ' and if you drive me to the wall, I'll tell what I know ! You are not treating me, the next heir, properly. I ought to be living i in this house with you, as your proper protec- I tor — the guardian of the future interests of my son. I ought to share these fortunes, which you have gained — shall I say how ? You refuse me money ; you give me petty aid ; you keep me in Clematis Villa like a trades man — me, me, me ! I won't stand it ! ' There is one thing,' said Myra, rising in wrath, that is not to be endured by me — and that is your insolence. If you forget your self in this manner, I must request you not to come to Barth House.' ' And I say I will come, and I will share it, too. If you will not treat me decently from love, my lady, you shall from fear. Answer me ! What took yon to The Beservoir at mid niylit on the night Elizabeth's child ii:as lost ?' Now, though Myra was forever accusiug herself in this matter, she would suffer accu sation from no one else. She rose grandly to her own rescue. She never flinched or quailed ; she looked Wrigley straight in the eye. ' Leave my house, or I shall ring for the footman to put you out !' ?' Bivtyou were at the Reservoir that night !' 'Prove it!' retorted Myra, flashing light nings at him. ' I will prove it,' shouted Wrigley. ' And explain at the same time, said Myra, clearly, ' why you put that child which Lady Bidebank lias adopted — at that baby-farmer's ! We have traced it to you!' This blossom from . the garden of Miss: Barth's speech had on Wrigley all the effect of a Upas blossom. He withered under it— he reeled. . ? ' What do you mean ?' he gasped. ' Exactly what I say. We have seen this sword swinging over .your head these six years — but you have a family, and, unfortu nately, we are related.' - In this dangerous interview the woman towered and grew aggressive, and the man shrunk and cowered. For the one was sound at heart— the other was rotten to the. core. ? - ; Now, as tlie guilty is a coward, : and the coward always does the worst thing possible for himself, Wrigley, following this rule, cried out : - ' ; ' If you say that — I am ruined !' ' I don't care if you are ruined,' retorted Myra, savagely.- ' ' But— I can dispute it— disprove it' — this last with less decision — ' but the charge and combating it would hinder my election.' ?' 'Andlthmk you should not be elected. ' Where is the use of our quarreling, my cousin ? I forgot myself— I spoke -with haste.' ' But I spoke with deliberation,' said Myra. - ' 'And yet under a: mistake,' continued Wrigloy, smoothly. 'Still, let us say' no' more i about it. We must not bo enemies ; and if you cannot, or will not — which, is much tlio same thing — lend me six thousand pounds, I'm sure I o'uglit to take very . thankfully the two thousand which you freely offered to give — -give,- 1- think you saicl, Uousm JVLyra. ; 'Yes, I. said give, and I will abide by my 'offer.'''-.- ? ' ??? ?'.? ' And, taking it, you mil understand, my cousin,' said Wrigley, ' that I entirely. 're-; linguisli any unpleasant, ideas or accusations, whiclv I may havo in my haste suggested. I shall never refer to tliom again. And, as to that other little matter, in which you are entirely mistaken—' Myra. knit her brows and shrugged her handsome shoulders at him defiantly. 'If you will put it out of your mind entii'oly, it will promote good feeling between us as relatives.' 1 will give you a chequc tor the two thou sand poundfi.' ' : ''And wo all shako hands and be friends ?' Miss Bartli gave him tho tips of two fin g-ers. , | And thus, these two parties had como to terms, and had mutually stacked their arms i and .marched , off the field with the honours of war. ? But tlioy hated each other worso than over. ,. And more forcibly than evor. had come into Wrigley's mind the need of getting Sir Rupert out of tho way. It could not be that with Myra forever on the search she should ' fail to find'wliat was so near her hand. Be sides, ho learned that Dame Chitton had been j to visit Lady Bidebank. ' If you'll get off that child from Lady Bidebank, aud carry him. t* America or Australia or somewhere on tlio continent, and lose him, I'll buy you a lialf-sharo in your show and you'll be master there and not sub — ' ' I'm dead ag'in' kidnappin',' said Tony ; ' not so much as it's wicked as dangerous — ' 'There'll be no danger if you manage well.' ' Thcre'd bo a catch somewhere, and .1. d get caught,' responded Tony. ' If the boy were bigger so as I could coax him off, and say as he went of his own free will, why, sir, it could be did ; but as it stands, them unfeelin' juries, they'd conwict me o'kidnapping.' ' I could make it worth your while to run the risk,' urged Wrigley. ' No, doctor—no, sir,' said Tony, with a fine burst of enthusiasm ; you could not. Sir, I love my native land, but you could pay me for leavin' of old Britannia rule the waves. Sir, I love my professsion as a travelling showman, bat you could make it worth my while to abandon — oh, merry it is in the good , ereenwood ! But, sir, I love my cha -racier. You can't pay Tony for his cha rracter. I d do anything else to oblige you — I would, sir — but not Tony's cha-racter. Why, sir, what's a man without cha- racter ! He's a ship with out a rudder ! He's a tree without a root ; he's a 'ouse without a foundation ; he's a purse without a penny in it ; he's beer with out 'ops ; he's watered whisky, sir. That's j what he are with-ewf cha -racier. | ' Confound you for a humbug ! You have ; done done no character big enough to see without a microscope since I first know you, Tony. Why object to parting with so very little!' 'That's just it!' cried Tony, cordially. ' It is little. I've run it down as low as I can to have any left. But with cha-rac- ters, sir, as with money, the less you 'ave the more careful you have to be of 'em. It's folks as 'as large capital as can afford to be swells, an' lay out lavish. Folks as is run down to a farden, sir — why, they has to lay that out judi ciously, and make the most of it. They has, indeed, sir. You know how that is, doctor Thus Jasner Fitzrov at Mauritius, while Myra at home mourned him as dead, found himself in a very dismal case. His health was broken ; his true love had deserted him and married another, and all the property which he had made in India was sunk in the sea -with the Ocean Queen; his friend and partner was dead, and he himself had nothing but that heavily mortgaged estate, which he had left home to save, and which lie had now almost no hope of saving. He conducted that the mortgage ' would be less likely to be foreclosed if his own life or death should be left in doubt. He set himself doggedly to work to try to redeem his promise to his father, but all the business which offered was for a small firm in Mauritius. His dis appointment and poverty hindered him from communicating with any one f ormerly known, and by some perversity of fate his miseries were confirmed and increased by two papers which at long distant intervals fell into his hands. One was torn through the account of Lord Bidebank's marriage, and he read that at snch a church, day and hour, by the Rev. Bishop So-and-so, assisted by the Rev. Dean And-so- forth, and the Rev. Mr. So-on, Lord [half a dozen names] Bideba [torn] Miss M [torn again] daughter of the' late Sir [another tear] and then the names — somewhat torn — of the bridesmaids, and a list of some of the marriage presents. Of course, that maintained what Dr. Wrigley liad ?written to him ; and it was so easy to supply ' Myra Barth, daughter of the late Sir Giles Bartli,' &c.; Forlorn and helpless in his exile, separated from all he held dear, Jasper pursued up hill work with very ill success, and had not a quarter of the money needed, when, after seven years of exile, he fell upon another paper, which mentioned the sale of the Fitzroy Towers and the Jntzroy estate on ioreclosure.l of- mortgage, price received, sixty-eight thou sand pounds, bought, it was understood, by a lawyer, who meant to lay out a large sum iii repairs. . ..' ' Sixty-eight thousand,' sighed Jasper, ?' a sum quite beyond a poor fellow like me, but not' nearly what the old place was worth.' And so some other years passed on, and one morning, at his place on this little lonely Seychelle, superintending the loading of a vessel for the Mauritian house in which he was junior partner, Jasper received a call from a British tar, sent ashore from a ship lying a mile from land. That tar was.no, other than Sam Porter. CHAPTER Xin. HOW THE .BABETTE PERISHED' AT SEA. When Sam Porter accomplished his errand tci the English exile it- involved a piece o£ paper signed 'Jasper Fitzroy.' To Sam, long banished, a ' wandering Vassal of the faithless deep,' the name awoke home recol i lections. He could not remain silent. ' . - I ' (( mi ? ? » t- « ? x iitjre wus uii usiute, sir, west ot .urai on — Fitzroy Towers. Are you connected nigh; there, sir,?' . ? , ? 'I was,' said Jasper. 'Have you been there, my. man ?' , : J The very, name of the place was as a breath of native air. . .. ? ' I lived nigh there,' said Sam. ; ' My home was just beyond the Reservoir, and I've often walked along by those estates, Bide bank, Fitzroy, and Barth. I worked for Miss Barth about nine year ago. She were very good to nie ; but the steward took offence at —I don't laiow what — and turned me off -without warning.' ' 'Did you— often see — Miss Barth?'* asked Jasper, in spite, of himself. - ' ' Aye; she walked, in the grounds, and sometimes sho gave me half a crown for my Jane. She was a very handsome young* ladvi who never smiled, and who wore widow's: mourning.' j . ' ' That could not be Miss ' Bartli,' said Jasper, who could not reconcile this grave, j dark picturo with the memory of his joyous l-Myra, in the delicate rose or blue robes in which she formerly delighted. ? Oh, ; yes, sir, it were. Miss' Barth ; the steward told my Jane the young lady had had a dcal/o' trouble. Her father died, an' sum'r mat,: dreadful happened to tlio little step brothor, an' tlio gentleman she were to marry got drowned at sea.'s : ^ ± Liiuu^uu miaK liurcu' married young Lord Bidebank ?' said Jasper. ' . ' Sho hadn't wlion I were working thoreK Well do I remembor it was nine years ago this last Juno as .ever was ; and then she were in widow s weeds. I mind lior goodness to my poor Jano.' ' And have you , not beon back since ? Do you know nothing of that part of the country for nine years?' demanded Jasper. ' No, sir. I got out o' work, and then I was seized and carried off to sea. Well, sir, I left behind me my poor Jane, and tho child | and Jane's old mother. I wrote to 'em, send ing my letter through Doctor Wrigley- — I was servant for him once, sir — and I got no answer to one or Wo letters ; and then I heard ' at last from the doctor as Jane arid her mother had died 'o a 'demic — whatever a 'demic may be— and what had I to go back for then ?' 'Only — the child,' said Jasper, who had been following the story with half his mind. ' Well, sir, the child wasn't mine. I 'dopted it long of Jane's baby dying. And Doctor Wrigley 'wrote mo that child was 'dopted by a nice woman, so I did not worry more about him. He'd been a sort o' load on my conscience always along o' Jane's bein' deceived.' 'Doctor Wrigley seems bound to - be a messenger of ill news — a perfect raven,' said Jasper Fitzroy. ' And you are quite sure Miss Barth did not marry Lord Bidebank ?' ' Not afore I worked for her, sir ; but I remember Lord Bidebank were married be fore that — 'bout a year — for Dame Chitton, my mother-in-law, she see the bride.' ' And who told you Miss Barth's lover was lost at sea ?' ' One o' the maids told Jane, sir. It were' along of a dog, sir. That dog, the maid said, howled and tore, and tried as if to drag Miss Barth to save her lover, sir. He knew so well something had happened to he. AH tho family made sure that Miss Barth was going to die or something awful had happened, and so it turned out. And she wore widder's J mourning, sir, and werry becoming.' Sam Porter had done the most of his talk ing at the edge of a little shed where Jasper Fitzroy sat on a barrel which formed an office stool before his battered desk. A few dark fellows were lounging here and there, sup posedly at work. There was a flavour of spice and tropic fruits in the air, and against the cloudless sky the ship from which Sam had come rocked in the quivering heat of noon. Two sailors sat under the shade of a palm which leaned over tbe beach. ' ' Mebby I might have got home, sir, afore now,' said Sam in conclusion. ' But what's home when all your folks is dead and gone ? And, as perhaps you see yourself, sir, one gets out o' the habit o' going home. They're good enough to me aboard the ship, sir. But some times something pulls at my heartstrings and I want to see my Jane's grave.' Something was pulling at Jasper Fitzroy's heartstrings after his talk with his unexpected i guest, but he turned his back, .British lashion, and was silent. ' Good day to you, sir,' said Sam. ' It's done me a power o' good to see some one who has seen the same places that I have.' And soon the dip of oars signified that Sam was on his way back to the ship, that lay 'white and glittering between blue sea and blue sky. '? (To be continued.) 