S111IS1I FATRIIEs. Ghosts and goblins still live and rule ir the imag.,inations of innumorable .Irish me. and women, and not moroly in remote places but close even to big cities; it is doown 'West! ward among the deep ban 'and mounltaie I valleys of Sligo that I hove heard the bee tales and found the most ardent belie. There, many a peasant dreams of .groweug rich biylinding a fairy's crock of gold, aid many a poaannt's daughter trembles as if) :passes .some famous haunted hillside, sid goeson or in her mind the.'names of mnien n4 women carried off, as tralition'will haove it, ;o theldim kinigdom. Only very roceritijone of those fabled robberies was reportal to have beri attempted. A little girl, wl,' was at service with a. farmer in.the villige of Giange, eudd6nlydisaplpeared. -Theis was at once great excitement in the noilghbour hood, because i-P:vas ruonoreod that the fa-i ries'had takeop her. A villager was said to have long 'struggled to hold her from them, but at lnst,thol prevailedm, and he found no. thiiig in his hind but" a broomstick. The local constable was-- pplied to, and 'he at onco instituted a hiouso-to hoiuse.search, and at the seine till"o aidvisdd the people .to: burn all thlle buollans (ragiaeod) on the fihbld she. vanishud fromn, booeuse buoaalans' are 'icred to the fairies. They spent the wholo niglit; barning them;,. tlis's constable repeating spolls,thlo while.:Intho morning .the little" girl.was found;'tho sLtosi goaeswanderinkg in the ild. Sho said tIe fairies haid taken her away a great distance, riding oi a fairy horse., At last she saw a big river, and the man who tried to:keep her from being oar riod oft was driftiig down it-such .are the topsyturvcydoms of fairy -glamour - in a cocklesholl. Brides and. new-born mhildicn are espooeealy in 'danger, - Peaisant nothier, too, ore somnetimes carried off "to nurse 'theo. childrop of the fairies. At the end of satven .years they have a chanee of returning, apd if' they do not esceape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village. s alled?IBallisodare, anid whenash'e gime home' after, seven .years she had no teea-she had danced them off.--~. B. Yeats in the Lcisure lour 