The Jury Were Satisfied. Duncan Terig, or Clerk, and Alexander Bane Macdonald -were brought to trial for the murder of Sergeant Arthur Davis on September 28, 1749. They shot him on Christie Hill, at the head of Glenconie. There his body remained concealed for some time, and -was later found, -with, a hat marked with his initials, A.R.D. They were also charged with taking bis watch, two gold rings, and a purse of gold, whereby ? Clerk, previously penniless, was enabled to take and stock two farms. Donald Farquharson, in Glendee, deposed that, in June, 1750, Alexander Macpherson sent for him, and said that he -was much, troubled by the ghost of the sergeant, who insisted that he should bury liis bones, and should consult Farquharson' Donald did not believe this quite, but trembling lest the ghost should vex him he went -with. Macpherson, who showed the body in a peat-moss. The body was muck decayed, the j dress all in tatters. Donald asked Macpherson whether the apparition denounced the murderer. He replied ' that the ghost said it would have done- so. had Macpherson not put the ques tion. They buried the body on the spot. Donald attested that he had seen the ser geant's rings on the hand of Clerk's wife. For three years the prisoners had been suspected by the country-side. Macpherson, for his part, declared he had seen an apparition of a man in blue, -who said, ' I am Sergeant Davis ;' that he at first took this man for a brother of Donald Farquharson's , that he followed the man, or phantasm, to the door, where the spectre re peated its assertion, and pointed out the spot where the bones lay. He found them, and then went, as already shown, to DonaLd Farquharson. Between the first vision and the burying the ghost came to him naked, and led him to inter- the remains. On the second appearance the ghost de nounced the prisoners. Macpherson gave other evidence, not spectral, which impli cated Clerk. But when asked -what lan guage the ghost spoke in, he answered, ' As good Gaelic as he had ever heard in Locha ber.' ' Pretty -well,' said his counsel, Scott's informant, M'Intosh, ' for the ghost of an English sergeant.' The repartee was probably conclusive --with the jury, for they acquitted the prisoners in the face of the other incriminating evidence. — Andrew Lang, in Blackwood. 