TO ELSINOEE. The ohanoe of travelling ia Djnmark in a train oallad 'express' was of itself alone almost enough to tempt me to take the run from Copenhagen to Euinore. Nothing more terrible as a trial of pati-toi cau be imagined for an impetuous man than a long ocutse of railway -journeys in Scandinavia. It is much the same in S weeden and Denmark in this respect. If you fail to get into kd express train—and there are very few of these—you may speiid a whole day in covering less than a hundred dreary miles. Besides, in my case it was winter. It is all very well in the bright northern summer to have from ten to twenty minutes io loiter at each little railway station. In winter, however, when you may have thirty or for.y dagrees of frost in tie outer air, the constant going aud coming of travellers Keeps yoa in a perpetual state of disoamlott, ar.d you have no inducement to s tret eh your lote in these little wayside stations, whioh have nothing for you-cxcept a dull series o? advertisements and a succession of keen draughts. The distanoe to El&inore; is rather under forty miles. To cover this in a little over an houris a feat oi which tbe Danish S:aie officials are reasonably proud. Iu Dotmbtk tie bulk of the railways are iu the hacds of the Governmerit. This hsia its aov&uta;^es "" « weU ^ ite advantages A Government is bound, for example, to care for its subjects. Therefore, perhaps, it is that slovr but sure travelling is one of the features of Danish railwayjlooomotion, even as also the carriages are in winter kept excellently warmed. On the other hand, the fruits of enterprising competition between rival railway companies are not obtained. As a further comment upon , the State influence here, it may be mentioned that the more important trains oarry electric light, in the blessing of whioh even the lowest "lass of travellers participate. Eitiuore is famons for two or three characteristics. I suppose most oi us on this side of the German Ocean are still fanciful enough to think of it chiefly in connection with Hamlet and his father's ghost. Until about a century ago, to merohant shippers it was.a subjiot of execration because of the Soundduec, which were here collected. Both these elements of interest may, however, be dismissed from tbe mind nowadays. To the ordinary person, whether a business man or a ssekei after the picturesque, the town appeals.most as the ferry port betwixt Denmark and S weden. There is here only some two arid a quarter miles of waterway in the Sound. A man must try very hard if he is to be sea-eiok in so brief a crossing, espe- IH> CAAOO MASTY ANIMATION around him: the gay viilas of Helsingoorg on the Swedish side, with their wooded knells; Kronborg's noble castle by Eisinore; the long line of Danish pleasure resorts north and south; and the myriad of craft of all kinds—from one tonners to fire thousand tonners—which adorn the blue waters far bs the eye oan see np and down the Sound. As it was winter, however, with the thermometers of Copenhagen sticking at zero, I scarcely expeoted a surfeit of the beautiful either m route or at Eisinore itself. An unkind gray fog hung over thscapitai when we left it; the same mantle stayed. low upon the snow-bound landscape on either hanti of of ua.. From cut of it, once or twice, several blotches of blask stood strongly, telling of the forests around the summer palaoes of Denmark's king. But there was too muoh rime on the window of the CIR to allow more than a dim. glance at these. I had as a oompanion a stout, groa-saturei man, whe eruter^impd jne with English conversation. He had feeri out to pieces by a" railway train years baok during a holiday in whioh he haid oome from Atrierida to his homeland; and than its to his amazing constitution and the doctors, his trunk had survived the shock. I did not at first.no,tioe. how he was mutilated, he looked so hale ia the faoe. He was extremely anxious to be agreeable, poor fellow, aad succeeded entirely. ' Now, what,' he asksi, after telling about his aocident, ' would you have done if you had beeti me f Would you have.stayed,in.Denmark or gone back to AmericaiV It wasan odd question, sines I knew nothing of the ciruumstanoes. But oa general grounds it seemed to me that for the battle of life in the States at least a pair of hands and legs are neoessary; and so I commended him for his own determination. The oommendation pleased him. Near Eisinore, the train hugs the seashore'; but on this day you would never have dreamed "you were by oceari's flowing tide. In faot, there was no water to be seen. All was frozen fast, and buried beneath six or seven inches of new- fallea snow. Tbe fog east out the horizon short evea as It severed it in the west. There was but a whits level-skirting, for the mind to toy with. Here and' there men were to be seen fishing. They' had dug themselves holes in the ios, and tried for their prey with net) arid long handled tridents. Snowbound villas'with fantutio eaves and gables rose at intervals in the haze, compelled admiratiori, 'arid we£e lost to sight,,. Aud so at length we sped into Eisinore station,' which my oompanion described, and I think justly, as ' the most beautifnl in the world.' 