' THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. Ohafteb XII. — " Gbodoed I bo Much to Dns ? " — (Oontiktod), Sibyl wont to hor father's door, and found it looked as it had besn earlier in the evening. Sir Joseph had been in that room all day,. so far as . Sibyl knew. There had been no femily meet- ing at dinner. Mr. Urquhart had sat at. tablo alone udder the searching eyes of batter and footmen, and had eaten, aooording to those attendants, about as muoh of each course as would lio on a shilling, and yst hlooked cool enough, and hardly a bit cut up, said tho butler. Grief in the servants' hall was more demon- etrative, but did not show itsolf in lose of appe tite. " Father, I want to speak to you. Pray lab me in. It is about something very urgen'." She heard her father's footstep across tho room with a hoavior tread than usual. Ho un locked the door and sho went In, and father and daughter stood for a faw moments looking at eaoh other in the lamplight. Sir Josoph's eyelids wore red and swollen, his swarthy skin was deadly pale, and his whole aspect boro the marks of a complete abandon, ment to grief. Sibyl put her arms round his nook, and kissed him with compassionate love. " Dear father, I am so sorry for your grief. I know liow dearly you Idved her." " Not so dearly as I ought to hav. lov.d her, Sibyl. I made her a dependent in my house- only a humblo dependent. That is a bitter thought, Sibyl, now ehe is gone — gone from us by suoh a orucl fate. My God, my God I" His hands olutohed distractedly at his hair, he sank down into the ohnir where he had been sitting whon Sibyl came to the door, and tho iron grey head was bowed over the table, amongst tho scattered papers which his trembling hands had tossed hero and there in the vnih pretence of attending to the day's bueineis. " Dear father, you denied her nothing ; she was liko my sister. You oan have nothing to regret in your conduct to her. You were all goodness " " You don't know, child. Don't talk to ma about hor. It hurts me to hear you talk of her. The blow has fallon, and I must bear it." " Father, I want you to answer one question. Do you believe that Brandon Mountford mur dered hor ? " "No, I do not— no, in spite of tho damning evidonoo against him. No, for a man of his oharaoter and his lineago— my dear wife's race — suoh a dood must be impossible. I oannot believe him guilty, though evory oiroumetanoo indicates guilt. No, I believe sho was sactiflbod to ths malignity of some ruffian who had a quarrel against me." / "Against you, father? Why, all your men adore you." " No, Sibyl. There are always black sheep. However popular an employer may be, he ie nevor without enemies. If I have been a liberal, easy going master to good servants, I have beon hard as iron in my dealings with bad subjeots. I havo dealt out oven handod justice. I havs made examples when they were needed. I should never have held my own with that rough lot if I had been afraid of letting 'em have it hot when they tried to got the upper hsnd. It's likely onough that somo vindiotive devil struck at mo through her, through my poor, innocent girl. Thank God for ono thing, there wero no signs of a strugglo. The villain's knife took her by sur prise. Three swift blows from the Bava£a hand — no struggle, no time for torror and agony. Death, sudden death — only doath." The large, muscular hands wore strained noross his eyes, and tho stooping Bhoulders wero shaken by the violence of his sobs. "My poor girl; caught liko a lamb in ths olutoh of a tigor — but' it was death, swift and sudden. God was merciful. It might have boon worso." Sibyl knelt by bis ohair, dinging to him, leaning her head against his arm, trying to oom- fort him by muto sympathy, a love that needed no words. When tbe storm was over he looked down at her kindly, but with a far off look, as If hahardly realised her identity. "You wouted something," he said. "What was it ?" " I want you to give me some money, father ; a good deal — at least two hundred pounds, ready money. I can givo you my cheque for the full amount. I havo drawn very little of the flvo hundred pounds you paid into the bank for m& on my birthday — but I must liavo two hundred pounds to-night, in notes or gold." Her father looked at her wonderingly, but witii the look of a man whose troubled braiti is only dimly impressed by any oiroumstance out. side the point upon which all his 'thoughts are centred. " I don't understand what you oan want with so muoh money," he said. " Is it for someona iu distress?" "Yes, for someone in great distress." "Surely to- inorrow would be timo enough?" " No, 110, it must be to-night." " How impulsive you nre— just like your poor mother. There is some monoy in that drawer— the drawer with the key in it — some notes that were brought ine this morning. Nearly £300 ; some of my March rents. Take what you want and go. I am better alone. This muddled head of mino can't stand tho strain of talking to anyone — not oven to you." He rose and walked up and down the room, while Sibyl knelt in front of his writing table and opened the money drawer.' Tho notes wero of various denominations, and jt took hor some minutes to make up the sum she required ; and then Bhe went to hor father, kisied him silently, and left him with a murmured good-night. She mot his faithful secretary creeping out of the billiard room, where there was a solitary lamp burning. "You will look after my poor father, won't you, Air. Orlebar ? He ia in a sad stats of mind." " Yes, I am waiting for him. I hope I shall get him to bed presently. He was up all Inst night It is killing work for n man of his ago. I wish you oould stay with him, Miss Higginson. You might help to persuade him to take some rest." "No, no, ho doesn't want me," Sibyl answered hurriedly, as she went towards tho lobby that opened to tho garden. She had not taken off her hat or jaaket. Andrew Orlebar looked after her wonderingly, as sho vanished in the darkness of tho corridor. That she should be loaving bar father when her presence might have been useful to him was strange in so affeetionate a daughter. That sho should be dressed for walking at that hour of the night was even more surprising. , "While ho stood thinking over her oonduot lie heard tho lobby door shut, blown to by the wind whioh was just boginning to rise. Tho door had slippod out of Sibyl's handwhila sho was trying to shut it uoiseloisly. The sky was moonless and starless, nnd thore was a fine, drizzling rain falling, Bcaroely more perceptible thau a dow, and it was not till she was near the end of her journey that Sibyl know the pene- trating capaoity of thnt fine rain, but by that time her thin oloth jnckot was wet through. Thero was a light burning in a lower window at the-Firherman's Rest, but tbo door was shut, nnd Sibyl stood for a few moments wondering whother she ought to knook, when sho saw a bright red spot travelling towards her along the dark road, whioh proved to be tho lighted end of Urquhart'a oignr. "You have been very quick," ho said aa ha came to her. " Have you got the money ?" " Yes, £200 in notes — twenties, tens, fives, " answered Sibyl, banding him the paeket. "Capital. You are a bravo girl, and yon may congratulate yourself iu tho days to come upon having saved his lifo. I have mado my bnigain with three of the best men in the village. They have a good boat and thoy will land him wherever he likes be tween here aud Tantallan Oastle. They will bs ready to start before dnybrenk. One of them will bo waiting on tho beach with a dltigy. X lrnvo made everything square with Coxon. It wasn't an ensy business, and ho is to havo half the cash— an exorbitant price for giving the key of the door and being deaf and dumb till to-morrow morning. He has lent me the axe with whioh he chops his wood, and when Mountford is off I am to slip the key under tho door of his oottago, whore I can find it in the morning, and I am to kuock tho door of the lookup about, smash the look, and so on, so as to givo the idea of an escape by violonoo; and now I'll take you to the lookup and it will be your business- to get Mountford off quietly, and without any Qtiixo- tio nonsense on his part, whilo I look after the men. Stay, yon had better take a couple of ten pound notes for Mountford. He may be with out money, and you'll have to arrange with him where hie goods and chattels are to be sent. You can do anything with him, you see. You will aucoced where I might utterly fail. Remember, it is a question of life or death " "Yes, yes, I know, and yet I maybe doing him the cruellest wrong in urging him to oscnpe. All the world will say ho is guilty. " "All the world will think very littlo about him when onee ho 1ms dropped through. In a oase of this kind interest and curiosity soon die if they are not fed with daily scraps in the newppaper. "NVhen Mountford has vanished, and the funeral is over, this tragedy will be as if it had never been. Here we are at his door. Now, Sibyl, I leave you to manage him. "When the men are ready I'll come and fetch him." He unlooked the door and left Sibyl to go in alone. Brandon was sitting at tho table, in the dim light of the smoky oandles, his watch lying in front of him, as if he had been counting tho minutes in the weariness of waiting. He started up as she entered, and clasped her hand, and lifted it to his lipa. 41 My darling, why are you about at suoh an hour? To think that you should care for me so muoh — that you should be here in this wretched hole ; you — in the dead of tho night — caring and thinking for me — robbed of sleep and rest and oomfort forme.4 x iiiuit uo Octlci moid to leat VtuoU X know you are safe, Brandon. I offered you my love yesterday, forgetting womanly p ride, reserve, modesty oven porliaps. .Do you think I offered myself lightly to a man I cared about so littl# that I could stop at home idle and content while he was in the direst extremity. No, you could not think so badly of me. You know that whatever a woman can do I will do — bar tho door with my right arm, like Kate Barlass, to keep out your enemies, if need were. " She smiled at him through her tears — smiled with love so irresistible that he caught her in his arms, and their lips met in a despairing kiss. 41 My God," he cried, 44 a man might live and die for one suoh moment as this. I am content, Sibyl, No matter where I go, or what becomes of me — however I may be tossed about in tho tempest of life— cast on whatever strand — I must still remember, still take comfort from the memory that you havo loved me." 44 And shall always lovo you, whatever may become of me. But now be reasonable, oool, clear headed. And first take this money, giving him the two notes. ""What for?41 44 Because you may be wandering about for some time before you can get at your own money. And you may not have much about you." 44 The ohange of a ten pound ohsque, of which I have given a sovereign to my gaoler. 14 Mr. UrqubArt wbb right, thon, as to your wanting money?" 44 Mr. Urquhart is very thoughtful. I don't understand why he should take so muoh trouble about mo." 44 It Is surely common humanity in him. You and he have been companions and friends since you came to EllerslicJ" IX 44 Companions, yes. I don't know muoh about friendship. Mr. Urquhart has always Impressed me with the idea he has only one friend in tho world — the friend who goes under bis own hat," 44 You have no right to judge him so hardly. Trouble brings out a man's better nature. He has been intensely earnest about you — most ocrgetio in helping you." 44 Yes, but why, Sibyl, why?" 44 Brandon, are you a cynio? I know he ia, but I did not think you were an unbeliever in other people's good qualities." 44 An unbeliever, when Providence has Bent an angel across my pathway ? No, no, no, my boloved. I believe there are stray spirits from heaven who are allowed to lose' their way and flutter earthward now and thon, in tho shapo of lovely and loving women liko you. But I don't believe in the friendship of Hubort Urqu hart. , Is it his money you havo given me ?" 44 No, no, it is mine.44 44 1 am glad of that." She told him about the boat, and that all he had to do was to wait quietly till Urquhart summoned him. Tho interval was not likely to be long. They waited longer than Sibyl had antici pated, waited with the rude wooden shatters open to the night sky, which was covered with ragged black clouds that foretold windy weather. The wind had been rising ever since she left Ellerslie, and it had blown away the soft imperceptible rain, and seemed to be blow ing the stars 'about — only a few stars scattered wide apart in the great sky canopy. 44 I'm afraid you'll have rough weather,44 Sibyl said, as she listened to the sobbing swell of the waves on the boach below, and the shrill note of the wind. 44 No, no, it won't be muoh, or if it wore I have not far to go. I can be landed at the first shel tered spot; the boat I am to sail in can hug the shore. No doubt the men know erory inch of the coast between hero and Berwick. They can land me where they like and as soon as they like." 44 Not too near here ; remember everyono will know you are gone to-morrow morning. You will be hunted for." 44 Yes, like a hunted animal. A position of that kind does not cnhanco a man's sense of personal dignity. I am to wear another man's clothes, to snenk about pretending to be some thing that I am not. I must assume another man's mode of speech, try to talk like a Nor thumberland fisherman, and must inevitably bo found out. My speech will betray me." He was walking up and down excitedly, with an air of suppressed impatience. He had promised to do this thing, but he bated himself for doing it. He had as it were, given his life into Sibyl's keeping, but he could but feel he was something less than a true man in allowing a woman to dispose of his fate. He could but feel that the nobler, manlier course would have been to abide the issue of things, to wait for the worBt man's injustice could do to him. Or if he were in very truth a murderer, wore it not better to let the law deal with him ? What joy or peace could he ever know upon earth while he was unconvinced upcm that point, while in his own mind it was an open question whether ho had killed this girl. There was but briefest speech during that long hour of waiting. Brandon paced up and down in moody silence. All had been said that words could say between thoso two. Tho story of hopeless love had been told. Sibyl dtood by tho open window watching thoso rainy clouds, amidst which tho stars glim mered far apart. A sky of evil omen it seemed to her sad eyes. Tho dark, ragged clouds grouped themselves into a funeral train, and she shuddered as she thought of the dismal procession wbioh was to leavo EUers- lie early in the coming week. The first funeral which would leave those doors since she was old enough to understand the inevitable end of all things human. Inevitable, yos, but cot like this— not as it had como to her adopted sister. 44 Poor Marie," she thought, 44 1 am so selfish in my sorrow for the man I love that I havo no time to grievo for her. Grief will come by-and- bye, when he is safe— safo, but far away — and I have nothing to think of but the friends I have lost." Brandon lookod at his watch many times dur ing that interval of waiting ; 2.30— the first hour gone— 3, an hour and a half. 44 Your friend is slow in making bis plans," he said presently. 44 1 fear you may be missed nt home. The whole household would run dis tracted if .that were so." 44 No, there will ho no one to miss me. I sent my maid to bed, and came out by the garden door, for which I have my own koy. No one ever locks that door. "We are not a nervous household &t; Ellerslie. " Quick footsteps sounded outside, a key was turned in the door, and Urquhart looked in. 44 Now, he said, 44 all is ready. Look sharp. It will he light in less than hour. Come, Mount ford." Brandon paused on the threshold. Sibyl , went to him and put her hand in his, simply, confidingly. 44 God keep you and shelter you," she said, » wherever you may go." The words were low and fervent, and had nil the eartneatness of a prayer. 44 My beloved, if I got clear out of the trap that fate has set forme, I shall owe you my life ; but it will be only a broken life without you." 41 Come along, "saidUrquhart angrily. "Don't stand talking lovers' nonsense, when even a minute wasted adds to the dAnger." Ho took hold of Brandon's arm and drew him across the threshold. 44 I'll come bnek for you, Sibyl, when I've seen him safe on board." 44 No, no, I shall go home alone, I want no one.' You had better look the door." 44 No ; atay where you are till I come book." He shut the door quickly as he spoke, looked it, and put the key in his pocket. 44 For God's sake don't leave her there," aid Brandon. 44 She'll bo frightened in that dismal den." 44 Not she. You don't know what a spirit that girl Ims, I shall be back in 10 minutes. Como along. Follow me down the path to the beach, and look out for squAlls. The traok is narrow and rugged, and a slip means death." Sibyl was not frightened, but she was angry at being treated like a child, locked in that miserable room, with the burnt' down candles Bmoking'snd flickering on the dirty deal fa- bio, and tho rusty grating between her nnd tho outside world. "Why should Urquhart have provonted her going back to Ellerslie alone,' as sho had oome ? She hated the idea of bis company for the homeward walk. He would tuik to nor of Brandon, would disouss what had boen done, speculate upon his future ; and to hear Hubert Urquhart talk of the man she loved -would ho hateful. He had been useful ; be had done things that she oould not havo done, with all her ardent desire to rescue her lover. He hnd noted while she had talked. He had the strongest claim upon her gratitude, but the did not want his oompany to-night. She walked across the room, and, looking towards tho grating, sho was startled by the apparition of a face— two faoes — peering in at her. 44 Who's there ?" bUg cried. Thero was no answer, but she heard foot steps scuttling off in the loose shingle, and she felt assured that someone had been watch ing. The thought was not a pleasant one. She know not how long or how often those unknown faces had been there. Strange unfriendly eyes might have been peering iu at her and Brandon, even in that one moment of abandonment, that kiss, which meant parting and despair. She welcomed tho turning of the key in the look, and even Urquhart'i company was better than her own vexed thoughts. 44 Is he safe ?" she asked. 44 Ho is dancing gaily over the water, in the Mary Jane, with every thread of canvas strain ing in a favorable wind. He will be in Scotland before breakfast time at Ellerslie, and it will be his own fault if he doesn't take the first Leith steamer that will carry him ' across the North Sea, and make a clean disappearance.' 44 There has been someone looking in at that grating," said Sibyl, pointing to the window, and then she desoribed that brief vision of two iuquisitive faces. f 44 I'm sorry for that!" Urquhart said, gravely. 44 I'm sorry anyone in tbo village should know you were hero." Sibyl was outside the door by this time, and Urquhart was examining the lock, before begin- ing operations with the hatchet, whioh he had brought with him. 44 1 don't like the idea of being watohed, but as to their knowing I am here— I don't fchiuk that matters." 44 Perhaps not, but your villager has an infer nal long tongue, and you don't want the whole neighborhood magging about MIbs Higginson and her interest in a possible murderer." 44 1 will never admit that possibility ; and I don't care Who kuows I am interested in bim." 44 You're a plucky girl. Now, just tako a look round before I smash this look, and tell me if the coast' is clear." Ho had taken off his ooat, and turned up hie shirt sleeves, ready to begin work. Sibyl made a rnpid circuit of lookup and cottage, and came back to the door. 41 All right?" 41 All right!" 44 Then here goes !" He took a screw driver from his pooket, and tried to get the screws out of the lock, but the look was old and clumsily made, solid enough to have looked a fortress, and the screws were embedded in rust. He could not move them. 44 1 thought as much," he said. 44 The door could'nt havo opened without violence. Now for a few artistic touches." Ho hacked and hewed the woodwork round the lock, sending the splinters flying, and smashing the worm-eaten panel, which sent out a cloud of dust and rottenness nt every stroke. Five minutes' work made a ruin of lock and jamb. 44 That will clear Ooxoo's character," he said, nod now to get rid of my tools." He ran to the little garden behind Coxon's cottage, and disposed of the hatchet and screw driver under n group of gooseberry bushes near the back door. Sibyl had walked some little way along tho cliff path by the time he overtook her. 44 What a hurry you are in!" ho said, as he rojoincd her. 44 Thero is nothing more to be done. Yon are sure he got off safoly ?" , 44 1 saw him on board the smaok. If the wind holds as it ib now ho'll be far away north-west before noon." There wore ragged streaks of a pale cold grey in the east, and the sea showed faintly livid under that first glimmer of dawn. It was not a sky of pleasant omen, and Sibyl, who had been reared on that coast and knew the signs of sea and sky, saw the menace of a storm. Her hopo was that foul weather might be Blow in coming, and that the man she loved might be safe on shore beforo the beginning of evil. . She bad nothing to say to Urquhart in the walk back to Ellerslie, and she walked her fastest, partly because of that agitated state of mind in whioh it was impossible to walk slowly, partly in her desiro to escape conversation, but nt the door he stopped her, with his hand upon her arm. ' 44 How you must love that man," be said, as if the ejaculation wore the result of his brooding tboughts during that silent walk. 44 1 do lovo him," she answered, turning to look at him. 44 1 am not ashamed of loving him. His father loved my mother before ever she saw my father's face. Fate parted them. Fate is parting Brandon and me— but I love him. I lovo him as the best and truest man I have ever knowu — excopfc my father — or am ever likely to know." 44 That sounds as if you had a bad opinion of my sex in general," said Urquhart, with a sneer ing laugh." 44 1 don't think you are all of you perfect— but I am not going to quarrel with you this morning, Mr. Urquhart, lor you have done a kind and friendly thing, and am grateful." 44 You will have more reason to be when you fiud how general the belief iu Mountford's guilt is, and how strong the net which you and I have cut through." Sibyl went quietly up to her room, supposing that Urquhart would' follow her example; bnt instoad of going upstairs be waited till the sound of her light footsteps had died away in tho dis tance, and then he reopened the door by whioh they had entered, and went out again into the bleak morning, and away at a swingiug pace towards the road that led to the railway station, distant a long 3 miles. He looked at his watch as he went ont of the shrubbery gate. 44 Four o'clock. There is a train that will do for me at 10 minutes to 5." Chapter XIII.— 44 What Love was Ever as Deep as a Grave?" The fatigue that Sibyl had gone through sinoe nightfall had made no impression upon her physical being, or no impression of whieh her miud was conscious. If her limbs ached with the tramping to aud fro and up and down over the rough ground by the cliff she had no con sciousness of her pain. Her mental Buffering, her keen anxieties, bar grief and horror at tho deed that had been dono, left no room in her consciousness for the sensation of bodily pain. She walked up and down her bedroom, aud in and out to her balcony, in the growing light of a glowing dawn ; and although all that is most comfortable in tho WAy of bod, sofa and easy ehalrs offered a sybarite rest, she hnd no inoli- nation to fling down that weary form into any of those oushioned nests whioh stood ready to reoeivo her. Sometimes sho walked to and fro with automatie monotony ; sometimes sho went hurriedly out to tho balcony and stood looking at the sea and tho sky. A wild sky, a rough eoa, a livid dawn that heralded a tempestuous day ! And sho had driven him out into the otorrn ; she had urged him to act against his own judgment, which would have bidden him stand his ground. Was it wise, wm it well ? Now that tho not was irrevocable— now that tho shattered door told its story of prison breaking and ignominious flight, sho asked herself that question with mad dening iteration. Ignominious flight. Yes, that was the word. The man who flies from tho face of Justieo must needs submit to the ignominy that attachos to all flight. Innoconco should stand firm, aud wait the worst that Fato could do. No doubt that was tbo idealist's view of the situation. But then camo tho thought of Btern reality — tho possible conviction — tho possible gallows — tho inscrutable perversity of Fate whioh sometimes dooms an innocent man to a disgraceful death, all for want of eomo little due to thread that labyrinth of circumstantial evidence, and get at the core of - truth hidden somowhere in the midst of it. Guiltless men Havo .been hanged, even in this present cen tury of enlightened legislation, and to the end of timo there will always be that cruel possibility of inuuoouce paying iue peu&iiy; of guilt. On the whole, thererore, Sibyl was thankful that she bad helped to get Brandon Mountford out of the dutch of tho lnw. For tho time being he might suffer in honor and reputation by that escape, he might have to exist under a heavy cloud— an exile in.aome distant country, living under a false name, cut off from all the friends and associations of his youth. But in the years to come the clue to the mystery might be found, and the wrong might be righted. . 44 Who could have done it?" Sibyl asked herself, . with her hands strained tightly upon her aohing forehead, as if she wanted to wring some sudden inspiration out of her own tirsd brain — 4 4 Who could have done it?" she asked, and then told herself despairingly : 44 1 feel as .if all the thinking power were gone out of my mind. I oan imagine no one who would do such a deed. Everybody liked her. She had no enemy. It could only have been some ruffian with the wild beasts' thirst for blood — some madman." 44 A madman, yes !" Sibyl turned siok with agony as she remembered what Brandon Mount ford had told her about tb&t; inscrutable disease, which can change sanity to madness, the sudden clouding over of the brain, tbomaniao's impulse towards evil. 44 Oh, if it were he after all! If my con viction of his innocence should be a mere delu sion, born of my love for him ! Well " after a pause, 44 if it is so I am tho more thank ful that he is free. My poor, afflicted love, marked out by Fate to boar so oruel a burden. Who would not help you to escape?" And then came a still more appalling thought. If he had done this thing ; if his unoonsctous hand had takon Marie Arnold's life, who could say whether this first crime might not be the beginning of a series of murders ? The impulse having once arisen, might recur, and this man— the man she admired and loved, the man cf high birth and gentle breoding— might become a scourge and & horror to his fellow mon ; a wretch whose death or whoso lifelong im prisonment would be required for the safety of others. She flung herself upon her bed, and hid her face from the daylight, awe strieken at the hor ror her own tboughts .had. conjured up. The wind shrieked and howled iu the chimney, and there was something hideously human in the sound. Ono gust more violent than tho rest ssemed to shake even those solid walls There was a dreadful silence in tho house next morning when Sibyl awoke from a sleep of sheer exhaustion. She was lying on tho bad still wearing the black gown in whioh Bhe had walked to and fro, with all the dusc and chalk of the road and the ellff upon it, but careful hands had spread a down coverlet over hor, and the morning oup of tea whioh she generally took at 7 o'clock was on the little table by her bed, showing that the faithful Ferriby had been watohing hor slumbers. The window she had left open was shut, and the oloscd Venetians darkened the room. Sibyl sprang up from tho bed, and ran to look at the clook on tho mantel piece. A quarter to II. How long, how heavily she had slept — a dreamless sleep, unshadowed by any consciousness of the cares that mado waking so terrible. The wind had been raging when she last looked at sky and sea. The sky was calm enough now, when she opened the shutters and looked seaward ; a dull grey sky, but the waves were rising and falling with a slow and sullen violence, and tho patches of foam showed here and there upon the leaden colored expanse. She rang her bell, and Ferriby came bustling in. 44 Oh, how tired yon must have been, Miss — regular dead beat, to fall asleep iu your clothes, and sleep from 12 o'olook to close upon 11 — all but 12 hours. You, too, such a light sleeper. I'vo got your bath ready ; but let me fetch you a frosh cup of tea first. You can't drink that stuff," pointing to the neglected oup. 44 It's stone cold." 44 Never mind the tea. Yes, I was very tired ; my bones are still aebing." 44 And I don't wondor at it, Miss. Dear, oh, dear, what times we're living in ! Such a storm last night ! We shall hear of ever so many boats lost before dark, Hampton says." And then Ferriby related how Mr. Mountford had broken out of Ellerslie lockup in the midnt of tho storm, a proceeding to which she evi dently attaohed an idea of Satanio power, as if he must at least have had holp from tho sons of darkness; and how the hue and cry had been raised, and the country was being searched far and near, and the telegraph wires at Ellerslie Post Office were working as they had norar worked before. 44 And all I can Bay is I hopo they won't find him," concluded Ferriby. 44 He was the nicest gentleman that ever came into this house— and if he did murder that poor young lady, in a fit of madness— as they say he did — why, it was his affliction, and not his fault." 44 Who says that he murdered her?" ' Well, miss, everybody thinks ho did it, and madness would be his only excuse. Not that thero was anything like madness in his ways. Thomas, wboalways waited upon him, says there was never a politer, quieter gentloman. None of your swearing or flying out at a servant for nothing, He had rather a nervous manner somotimes, Thomas says— a little absent minded— bub nevor no violence— nothing that looked like being out of his mind." Poor Brandon! To be discussed and anato mised in the servants' hall — to have fallen so low — tho talk of the village inu— hunted by policemen, his description telegraphed from place to place. It was nearly 1 o'clook when Sibyl went down stairs, white as a ghost, in her black gown, and wandered aimlessly about the house, almost wondering not to see Marie's bright face in any of the rooms. This dread mystery of death was so difficult to realise, even now, after all she had suffered within the last day and a half. The shock, the horror of the murder were ever present in her mind, but she had not yet realised the for ever — the oruel faob of death, tho vanishing for ever of one familiar face, the eternal dumbness of the voice that had so lately been part of her home and of her life. Never more to see Marie Arnold — the companion of all her girlish years, the happy years in which there had been no shadow of care. Now life seemed all care, and dread, and difficulty. ( To be continued . ) 