$%* §tJR FHBMBHKD DUET SATPBpAT, MAS 19. IBmI THE market for frozen meat u depreeted fast now, and rate* an lower thou Ibey bare been for sometime, 5 At He Police Court yesterday, before Htnriil'JL Ca.tberij)e Fanj applied^'Tor a' prohibition order against John Parry. AS the ammnons had not been served th» cM mi adjoumed till Monday next.. IilcEKSllfG:-a alangh tiring House was panted to OJL Jteidrirh for his ygrieat Mitchell Cheek. A ifaulit license was granted on the UAto Geoqge 'Gordon of Dotswood. In regular fortnightly meeting of the Before Tent Ho. IX Independent Order of BeMite iraa held in the Wesleyan school Hull on Thursday evening sod one new member repotted to have been on the nek list daring the past fortnight. Beooipta of die evening, £3 2e Id; disbursements aiek pay, £5 3s 5d; credit balance, £226 13s Sd. A ooKtasPOKBEBT writes: A departure dm madefrom the ordinaiy service at the Wesleyan Chnroh last Sunday Xmiing, by die lidding of a "People"* fierrioe," which passed off welL 5he «bging wasexcellent. The Minister gave utterance toeome straight unquestioned truths of human life, under the striking picture of water epiltnpon the ground There was 4 lun congregation. In (be same churei on Tuesday evening but, lie minister, the fier. B. Bottomley, gave his sec ond popular Sluotralod lection on "Faces and now to read Them." There wsb a large «urfienre,%ikoBe faces showed great interest in being described nnd discusied by the lect nnr. J0|y means of a number of coloured picfamsoFfaces, some of whichnone in,the andienee would like to hronght vhridly before them a subject which proved both instructive and amnsing. Ike interest shown, snd tbe applause given most Ibam - dieted the. Ew. Lecturer. At the (dose of Hie lecture; which lasted ovisr one .hour, several Innn the audience came np to be examined a proceeding wliielv, amused' ninel£ interest and amusement. "iEiio!etex ammed admitted Mr. Bottomley'e delineation as Tory correct. The Church funds ' will be considerably helped by tie lestnre. Ibt. W. K. Mowbray, the Warden, with Mr Ahorn, Barreyor, low to-day for the Counting. Mr Mowbray, ft is understood,1 will report on die land and the quantity of mining timber it carries. Thk District Court has been (uiftei ad journed t» Monday next at 10 a.m. Hi* Honor, Judged Koel passed a reij bad time on ThursJay nigtit, and yejterday was re moved to the Hospital. It wa«i rumored last evening that Hii Honor was suffering from typhoid fiOKB splendid aheep, varying in weight 4wW9fffii csdi may now be aeen at the shops of Messrs T. Bucklaod &, Co., and Iff Mr J. Surgeon. They are from the nine mob which furnished the.,9olb cheep w, and are equal to any mutton ever eeen in Charters Towers. The heaviest «heep arc ioofmt to te econo mical, and the moat suitable ones are those weighing about 60 lbs. FoxuBD'f Lilipotian Opera Company will1 arrive by die first train on Monday, and will ; appear at the Theatre Bojnl that evening. j The scenery and effects will arrive to-day. ] The opening attraction will be the burlesque " Aladdin, Up to fiste." This production is replete with the latest London and Ameriran successes in songs, dances, ballets, marches, artistic groupings, placed Mora the public with every auxiliary to ensure success. A | huge nnmberof teats have been booked, and the teasonbids fair to be a successful one. Be the kind permission of the officer and officers commanding the 3rd Kennedy Begi rnent, the Head Quarters Band frill perform Che following programme of music in lower Moeman-street, this evening, commencing at 8 o'clock, under the conductorship of band master C. H. Hooper, W. Wilson, secretary. Quickstep " Gaythorpe" J. Ord Hume £ selection " B| Dorado " H. Bound ; waltz, " Fallen Leaves" Karl T. Keller; Fantasia, "The VillageBride." B. Smith; Lancers, " The West End," T. Wadson ; gallop, " Hurcules," H. Madson. The wool season will soon be in full swing in the Hughenden district, and carriers are loading fast with shearing supplies. Cam- bridge Downs are now shearing and have a large quantity of wool on the road. Manfred Downs are preparing for shearing, and will send their wool to Hughenden this year, in- stead of Normanton as intended. Mr Devine has left for Manfred Downs to lift 5009 fat ewes for Messrs Johnson and Castling; 2400 fat ewes from Eulolo were trucked to John- son and Castling by special trains on Thurs- day and Friday, and 80O fat wethers from Hughenden left by special train for Towns- ville freezjng works on Tuesday, In the Warden's Court, yesterday, Mr. Costello, in re-opening the case of Medley and others v. the New Hidden Treasure G.M. Co,, No Inability, and the London Bank of Australia., Ltd, in which his clients were non-suited last week, stated before pro- ceeding with his case he would ask that Mr. Marsland, who appeared for the defendants, produce his instructions to appear before the Court, giving it as his opinion that counsel on the other side had only appeared to pile up the cotst. Mr Mowbray said he declined to insult Mr Marsland, an officer of the Su- preme Court, by asking him to do any such thing, neither would he think of asking him (Mr Costello)} to do so. as he felt neither would mislead him. Mr Costello: "It is done in other Courts." Mr Mowbray she had never heard of such an insulting request being preferred in his 20 years' experience, and, proceeding, gave the offending counsel to understand that he was going to maintain the dignity of his Court. On Mr Costello persisting that a note be taken of his request, as his clients were fighting a ghost in the No Liability Company, the Warden told him he ought to know that he was fighting a bogey. Mr. Costello continuing to argue even after this, the Warden gave him to clearly understand that he would carry the matter further, which had the desired effect. MESSRS John Hunter and Co. will hold their usual Saturday afternoon sale of poultry, produce, furniture, &c.;, starting at half-past two. Messrs L. R. Beck and Co. will hold their usual weekly horse sale in Mr B. Russell's yards at half-ppst two this afternoon. Mr. R. Russell, will sell without reserve, at his rooms at 11 o'clock this morning, new and superior household furniture and effects. MESSRS A. M. Newman and Co, will offer this morning, at 11 o'clock, in their Deane- street yards, 57 head of overlanders, includ- ing buggy and harness horses, hacks, etc. At 1.30 p.m . the firm will hold their usual sale of poultry/produce, fruit and sundries. At half-past two the balance of the horses will be offered. 