THE ODDFELLOWS HOSPITAL SUNDAY PARADE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. Yours etc., A PROTESTANT OF THE April 23. JAMES ROE LODGE. SIR,—I have become very much interested in the debate which has been launched in your columns by those artful generals in con- nection with the Oddfellows in this city, -namely, Messrs. McGowan and Tally. It is maoh to be regretted that each of thorn bos not been sufficiently cool and lovcl-heodod to confine himself .to the matters at issue without descending to such mad-slinging which forms the bulk of the verbiage as con tained in Mr. McGowan’s letter of this days issue. In coming into the discussion 1 do so just to bring a littlo more intelligence into the field, and if possible to'arrive nt a con clusion .which will cither prove one or the other totally wrong, or on the other band a little trick on both sides. If I grasp the sub ject matter of this discussion properly 1 understand that Mr. TulIj objects to a certain circular wbioh I have before me, being issued with bis name to the bottom of it, as well as the name of the lodge be represents being on the top without its consent. I understand that Mr. Tully in writing a disclaimer of this circular does not do so in his private or indi vidual capacity, but as thu secretary of the James Roe Lodge. Personally after weighing the whole of tho statements pro nod con of the matter, I must unhesitatingly say that bo was perfectly justified in his proceed ing. The first reason is that previous to tho disclaimer the James Roe Lodge bod refused its co-operation.. 2nd. Tho James Roo Lodge were not represented on tho committee to carry out tho details. 3rd. Mr. McGowan admits that Mr. Tully or bis lodge did not send any reply to tho circular. Why did tho delegate with the worthy C.S. ns prompter, take St for granted that tboir consent war given. If tho delegate intended, to pursue a certain course whether there was a reply received or not, why go through- the farce of sending circulars to the respective) lodges when it apparently would - have no influoneo one way or tho other, as evidenced in tho James Roe Lodge case. I observe that Mr. Tully contends that as the religious service received its initiation at tho district meeting, why did not Mr. McGowan send the circulars going on their errand under the dignity of that gathering, without detailing each lodge for separate influence and endorsement whore it was possible that such individual con firmation would not bo extended. Farther 1 have noticed that Mr. Tully has boon charged with endeavoring to create strife, in religious affairs. Well, wo will see if this'statement is correct. Can it bo said of Mr. Tully because he with others of the lodge object when a certain circular calls upon the lodge in a kindly invitation to join in bolding a religious service, that bo is the cause of dissension in religions circles. Mr, McGowan may say yos, and bo very conscientious in saying so. But Mr. Tally can still olaim tho tolerance of all liberal-minded and largo-hearted Oddfellows when they sav that ho has a perfect right to bis opinion without being termed a bigot. But perhaps it would not bo amiss to sec what standing ground Mr. Tally, has. He.contends that the constitution of the order forbids these proceedings of a religious character. So as to give Mr. McGowan a show and not to lay myself open to the charges of cunning and evasiveness I will -give the quotation as made by Mr. McGowan and which this eminent lamp of the order contends justifies his position and attitude towards this religious service— “Wo suffer neither religious, political or obsoono song, toast or sentiment to bo given -daring lodge hours," and mark, Mr. McGowan requests Mr. Tully to'observe particularly the last throe words. Though Mr. Tally did not give tho extract from the constitution so pro fusely as Mr. McGowan, it does not alter bis Eosition one particle. ■ Rather op tho other and it strengthens it and provides a rod for the learned lawyer’s hack. No. 2 quotation says—“Religions or political disputes- are not suffered in any lodge, and that is the prin ciple which' unites in one ‘hand men of the most discordant opinions.” Now, Sir, I contend that the principle os propounded in the foregoing was tho outcome of many years of cbo sound intelligence and experience .of true hearted Oddfellows who well knew from observation that for all Glasses of different religious beliefs to dwell in harmony (hat even the ghost of. religious discus sion bad to bo shunned like a plague. This is confirmed in our own experience. Can Mr. Ur. IPQowan name the day previous to tho present when brothers of such standing _ as (hose engaged in the present discussion were found, ready to say the worst and mani fest anything but tbo embodiment of faith, hope, and charily. I think the day cannot bo named,. and if . the reason bo asked it is because religion in mixed assemblies has been rigidly discarded. But in contrast, read your issues of tbo last day or so, and instead of the great and grand .trinity of virtue which forms tbo basis of character and all good Oddfellows, wo bavo in its place as indicated In tbo acts of recent demonstrations at the hands of individuals—envy,hatred and malioo. I am much surprised that' Mr. Tully has ascribed to him a very limited know ledge of Oddfollowsbip; in fact, according to Mr. MoGowan, ho does not know tho A.B C. Buob statements coming from such a source would naturally lead one to think that the writer of them was an authority, and that bis interpretation of their laws would bo intelli gent. Mr. McGowan states that religious or political sentiments should not -bo discussed in lodge hours. How did tho roligious move ment got sanction if St; was not done in lodge hours? Can religion be discussed at the grand annual district committee meeting? Lot Mr, McGowan answer personally. Though I bavo not yet got much beyond my A.B.C, in this direction. Yet I think if it cannot be discussed in the various branches, in tbo dis trict, it cannot be oven looked at in connection with an assemblage of delegator. Are tbo various lodges in tbo district _ all Protestant, or ore they, nil Roman Catholics. 1 maintain' they are neither, Then why.should a Protes tant divine be selected? Why not some other of another persuasion? But coming to home, namely, tbo Jas. -Roe Lodge, Mr. MoGowan. says bo sent a circular in Feb ruary, inviting tho co-operation of tho lodge,, Tho circular contained a matter appertain log to religion. Doesn’t Mr. McGowan know that when the correspondence was. read that It was the doty and within the province of the N.Q. to have positively refused to oven permit the circular to 1 be officially received, and if his reason was furnished' it would bo that no political, roligious, obsoono, eto., is permitted during lodge-hours, hence, I think, Mr. MoGowan on a closer scrutiny of tbo legalities and technicalities will observe that had a better lawyer been present a point of order would have been raised which would squashed the religious.movement in its initia tion and consequently avoided this aoremonius discussion. 