A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAFER XVL ?'.-.- .':.- I Before brpak^itstv next zaoriung Cynthia slipped 'dutf and sent a tele gram abroad, by which the post office was not a whit the wiser, seeing that* seeming to mean one thing, it in reality meant entirely another. She also bought a morning paper, and studied it carefully. ' They havn't caught him I' Raid die to Marion, when she came back, tri umphantly, ' And whaf s more, they haven't even caught Stephen I Lord, what duffers they xnuet be !' ' And now ?' a -'*-* ' Let me hav^d^good look at yon, once more. . 'gc 7 Yes ; , you are your father's daughter, after all : not all of you, but some. . , . . You were asking, ' And now P' You must give me some tea to think on, for I'm hanged if I know. How good this grill is, to be sure. We must make the most of it ; for at this minute I see no more chance of a dinner than of a eupper. Of course it would be easy enough to get somebody else to stand them both. ; but there d be no sort of fun in that, and ? Cynthia no more knew why she stopped abruptly than why she de liberately rejected the obvious course that would naturally occur to * !she swindier who, to say the least of it, was not troubled with scruples. But Marion was evidently so innocent of her mere drift that though not knowing why she stopped it was with a queer sense of unfamiliar shame j and though she would have laughed at the idea of being any longer bound by a sense of honor to her eccentrically-chosen lover,yetsoitwas, for she was as true as steel, ' And — after all, it's fun thaf s the only thing worth ffoiwfri^g about,' said ehe, with .a profoundly reflective air. « It's no use crying over spilt milk — it was good fun while it lasted 5 and sow it's gone we musn't funk, but just make the best of things as they are. There's 'Just as much fun of the fair when one swings down as when one swings up again.' Marion, never haying been at a fair, was not in a position to appreciate folly Cynthia's philosophy — a philo sophy, by the way, which, in point of practical value, has never been bet tered by the highest efforts of more self -conscious wisdom. ' So just put a brave face on it, and - look things straight in the eyes. I've got to reekon up where we are. We're as safe as the Mint, though dinner'e doubtful. But Adam's not ; and he may want help any time. We must look out for him first, and then for ourselves.' ' Do you know where he is, then ?' asked Marion. ^...3^ „/,, rj.. ' No more than ]§$-., knows where we are. So I must feee at once if there's a message at our city office, by private code. If 11 look odd if we both go out together,- considering eVefythirig— hbo1 I mmt leave you in pawn while I'm gone. 'iYou won't be afraid? You've got nothing to do bnt sit quiet as a mouse till I come back ; and whatever happens I ean'fc be more than an hour. kjifl. then — we'll see. Keep up your spirits ; ,and if anybody comes asking questions, tell them to wait for me.' «* I'm not atra^d,' gghjd Marion. 'Pm afraid of n&MngrmoTe.;' In truth, she w&ecglad; to be alone again, if only for an hour. She also though in a different sense from Cynthia, needed to reckon her bearings, and to trace out, if she could, whither she had been' drifting, and how far. Well — it was nothing that she was being passed off as a fictitious person under a false name, for no better season, as far as she could , see, than the men pleasure of taking somebody in. Names were nothing, after all ; . and under a new one she was the less likely to be heard of by him whom she had resolved should never again hear her old name. Indeed, a part of her plan had been to be Marion Fur ness 210 more ; and Marion Vane would do as well as anything else, were it not that it had been forced upon her, like all the rest, instead of being the result of her own free choice and wilL Passive as she was by nature, help less as she seemed by .circumstances, Bhe was beginning to feel like a wild creature in a cage. Her knowledge of. the nature of her father's life, inspired her with no horror. It was fitting that a girl as much cut off from all good things — hope, loye, and free dom of wilt—as if she were a leper, should have an outlaw for a fattier. But ahe was, therefore,. all the more burning for the power to accept her place in life, not because she must but beeause ahe chose. In short, the soul which she had thonght to strangle when she. wrote her letter of dismissal to Guy, and which had gone to sleep during bodily fever, was coming back again in power. And in what wise should it come to the child, at once of Adam Eurness and of John Heron P In whichever guise, however, it had to be an active and a restless one, for goodwill. ' .??.??.; 'if I must *e\xnSd,M she cried, .. *hongi not in words, 'it .must be the madness that does something — not the madness that pines and starves I I Tpronder-^ : wbnu*er If ;Tnn.TT'nfl ever felt like flap iiOwJ But bo, sever; fihe never felt atonA; ehe :Jived her. OTra life, smd ^eT&a; me. Me wasn't a slave to everythiig.Tbhat came.^ lave some sort of life I must, and I will' She was in the midst of this snood \- of fermenting rebellion when she was startledby atap--n thedoor. \- -: ♦ ? C . . .* ' ,» It has been eaid that no magpie was more; full of curiosity than CyntMa. -But while her curiosity was restrained ' by certain crudeinBtincteof honor, such «s toay exist among thieves of ail degrees, Draycot Morland'e was abso lutely unfettered. I do not mean to | eay thai he would have listened at a doer, or read tt'letternot' intended for las eyea^tUoBej to ft gentleman, are sot matters forbidden by definite law any more than -honor forbids him to walk a hundred miles -with his feet in i^a^orso^ualbigthjiiMle. ponprdoefe net concern itself 'v?i£h what is pimply impossible. But he did iregard, on principle, all scruples about indulg ing curiosity as so many hypocrisies and' shams— and,, it may be, he was j not very far wrong. At any rate, the world's theory and the worlcL's prac tice on thiB point are very far from being square. In the comprehensive interest he took in all the human nature that came in his way, he in j no wise differed from some of the I wisest men who ever lived, except | that they have usually dignified their S pu^suife with the name^of philosophy, ! ivbile he degraded his philosophy by frankly admitting a much deeper in terest in other people's affairs than in his own. His ghost hunt had been a lament able failure so far as regarded making any acquaintance with the other world.. Nor in t^'« — except in so far as he was balked of an opportunity for muddling all the seven senses of Upper Vane- street — was he disap pointed ; for the belief in ghosts was as yet scarcely on the eve oi its fashionable revival. But seeing that his meditations on the external ar rangements of No. 17 had re-, rultedr in 'Tiis' being' in at a police raid of the. first class, any idlest tinge of disappointment had been amply made up for. He was rather disposed to shake hands with himself on a notable addition to his catalogue of adventures. ' Itf s very singular,' he reflected, ?' how some people go round the world without anything ever happening to them, and others can't take an evening stroll without tumbling into a big: thing. I. wouldn't have lost the sight of that fellow scrambling over the walls and the roofs for £20 — well, anyhow, not for 19. I wonder whether Fm really sorry he got off clear ? No, of course Fm- not. I wonder why the sympathies of the natural man, with the sham rubbed off him, should always be on the criminal side, so long as he's got nothing to lose. Con found the peelers, though, all the same. If Fd only managed to get into that house on my own hook, I should have had something to brag about for the rest of my days !' But when, having returned to the hotel where he had an appointment with a lawyer from Asknees. he met the two young ladies on the stairs, he perceived that, if he had lost some thing to brag about for all his days, he had at any rate found some thing to think about for one of them. For he was observant by nature, and had cultivated his natural faculty, by practice, in the special direction of human faces. And; ;he 'was as convinced . ?': as unlikelihood would allow him that he had barely two hours before seen two maidser vants in Eastwood Mews as' like these young ? ladies, clothed and all, as X-romio to Dromio. Had there been a single likeness, it would have counted little— everybody has a double who is always turning up at unexpected rimes and places. But a pair of doubles at once, 'and in company, 1b not in the nature of things. ' It is odd,' he thought, as he woke the next morning, ' how some people never ppnje.i^cross an adventure, and others~are always tumbling dyer them if they, only walk across the room. Well—if I let this one drop,. J don't deserve ever to have another. So I won't let it drop. Why should I, after all? There's a chance of getting to the bottom of a big thing, without the police being in it, that's? just one in ten thousand. To study the criminal classes in the way of being personally conducted by a police-sergeant is the biegist .sham going. But this looks like a back-door. And, by Jove 1 what eyes the smaller girl had-— they seemed to go through one like a gimlet. This must be seen to ; that's dear.' Not being afflicted wii&. shyness, or with the curiouB form of insanity that keeps some young barristers waiting in chambers for briefs which they know will never com.'*, Morland, being one of the adventurous to whom ad ventures happen, set out on his further explanation of human nature ; nor is there any need to assume ti.#t the eyes whose sharpness he still felt upon him had more to do with, his proceeding than was inevitable, For there was nothing out of the way that had not its, fascination for Dray cot Morland, from a frantic parados, to an ascent in a balloon. He had indeed actually been above the clouds without any eye&to; attract him; and he had followed up this experience by a descent in a diving beli; He iiad travelled with gipsies'; he had con quered a maiden Alp ; he had walked a hospital;' and he had seen & man hanged. In short, he was interested in human nature, and tmiious about its nooks and corners, beeauSe -he was himself so full of it. If the girls had been a couple of Calmucks, they would have had their attraction j ftddif fcyes made magnetism a_ trine; iaore mag netic—well, .?that ? was humarL nature tOO.' '??.. ?.'.'' ' ,,'. ?.'': 'L- '?--?' There had fceeti A time ytb&ti; #1*P at the door would iiot have made Marion start as M Bhe were herself ia criminal, and whfeneuch- an incident .ili,'«nL JM^f wffloj# ; ikye-,;*^^^;. fats^'iasiaisiB-rSi^buiiljf o^nrinoj^ Nb$r,' :%^jta^^Mde -her *tofc Maaif Mfcart, h& ton^le,'flt the idea ^ hav ing to face even a Walter oracham bermaid without Cyht^'fl jejady wit or pleasure in pfey^acgng^ TBiough but to an anappiecwilyje ,,£wUeW$ jot one. ?- ? ' ? ? '?.?'?'VV': '???-??' -,-??'-?-? man -who entered, to . feac confu6ion- ' It is an Intrusion of course j but have ' Adam or to Miss VaneP^ '« - =??? ki^.i 5 1 ? He looked round as hoe «poke j; thejer were not the eyes that had looked hini throufi^h.1 'Miss Adam 19 out,' eatd MatiQ^i lj that was less hard to say than ' I am Miss Vane.' Could . thisj perhaps, she &p;'ught confusedly, be one of her. father's band? Or might he ^ be, perhaps, a . foe?. Meaning to be reticent, she was , short and brusque; and the. sudden ' flush of fear looked like that of anger j at an intrusion. J- But Draycot Morland was Dlessedj with a skin of the most enviable thickness. 'Then you are Miss Vane?' asked he. ' I hear you are in some trouble about some missing luggage j and I asked myself if you could by any for tunate chance be any relation of my friends, the Vanes of— of — March- ,g*ave,' he said, taking the first place that occurred to Vnnrc .as the imaginary residence of imaginary friends. He had not the faintest scruple op. the score of white lies. For he held that they are only condemned in others by people who want to monopolise the advantages of them for themselves. In short, it will have been amply seen that he was a young gentleman whom principle rode with the snaffle only, and not the curb. ' And if so, it is my business, and my pleasure, too, to be of any service to you I .can. My name is Morland — Draycot Mor land-: ? ' . ... .... '^.. ... ?„?? Marchgrave !' exclaimed 'STadonj taken by sudden surprise. ' I am right, then ?' he asked, con siderably surprised, in his turn. Could his invention have possibly struck on the head a real nail? Could there be Vanes of Marchgrave P 'That would be the devil of a mess,' thought he. ....;.. 'No,' said Marion, hurriedly. ' We are from — abroad.' ' And you've not heard yet of your luggage P1 . ' No.' 'That's strange! Of course, it's safe to turn up ; but it must . be awkward for you and your friend, meanwhile. Luggage will go wrong sometimes, even on the beet-regulated lines. And — excuse me — Tva. sorry I can't claim acquaintance even at second hand,' he said, with an. Exceed- ingly frank and honest smile; 'but I'm not a conventional being, and it, alwaj 8-has seemed to me that for a man ' to pass by women in want of help only because he and they aren't 70 years old and haven't been introduced, is the most ridiculous of all ?ridiculous shams. Honi soit qvi mal y pense, you know. You won't think Fve been trying to invent an acquaintance, I'm sure. . . . No ; she won't think it,' he added to himself— a miserable piece ef casuistry enough ; but then was already beginning to doubt his own eyes. He was beginning to suspect himself of having made a hideous blunder, and Miss Vane of being & lady aftibr alL But then he recalled those other eyeB of yesterday 3 as dif ferent in their look from these as ? r- Comparison failed him. ' '?'Tmsnre you meant nothing but what was kind,'* said Marion absently; for a temptation was gathering in hex mind. . - ' It is you who are kJnd-^-to say; that,' said he, in a way that was just a shade leas easy. .*' I may be any sort of a cad for aught you can tell; and *-. — * Marion's eyes met his with pueb un mistakable wonder in them that belief went up and suspicion went dow4« Not the cleverest adventuress on earth could look like that, however mucji she tried. Cynthia would have made a prince mistake her for, a princess ; but Marion could not have 'made her self mistaken for anything but a lady, even on the part of the most arrant sceptic who ever sneered at the notion that there is any difference worth regarding among the daughters of Eye. . 'Where I come from,' said she, gathering a little courtage that always comes to a womaa fpojn the least token of confusion in a man, ' people don't Inspect those who offer to. help them ? ?''; :?.-* '. ^s:~ :. ' Then where you come from must be a precious long 'way from' here,. But it is pleasant to be understood,' he added, for onoe a little conacienee stvicken. However, he was really speaking the honest truth now- His only §ua picibh now was that 'the girl before him was in 'want of help beyond the I loss of luggage 5 and the knight errant who lay dormant under hiB 0d4it9.es began ip stir. V . The temptation that had crept into Marion's mind wag now tBggfeig at her heart-strings. . ; ,v ^; ' You mentiofflpd a place -£alled iMarehgrave^' said sfee. ? ^1 '-&&** j know it, but Tve heard of it, and of people there. No-— nobody: earned Vane. There is a beaker there, isnt there, named Heron,' ^: That was not the name in her mind, but instinct, not wholly feminise, jed her into a roundabout joad, It ^o hoved her to show no Bpotual interest In Guy Derwent, even though til*re was little risk to be ^fefti^d /&9&1 && learning from an acquaiBtaiie^^tfeBJt he had been inquired -about bv aji on- i known Miss Vane. That would, be no, more than A passing puzzle { i^^l^bn . iie had given bear up witbQut a, 'ftjjiffl *?' thank heaven for that nna tbiag, ' ? ' \ *«e?psf ikKfeeH -?lS»-;-#r'iprir: something about Marchgxav© few» lhat's «lea*, ?. By &e; w4qt, M*e jot : ?%&$%$&&& interest in John Heronl1' ; '!j: v^3%;'^!n^r t.h^je *W^ra^:!fieai^ a ^great deal of him in oonnee^oJl with Marchgrave.' '?'-:'. .. ;':v;- .; ;. -?' '] . ! ' / - ?'-.'?-?? ?- foo JBB-'COKgsaTCBD.)': - !?/?', - ; 