SPIRTING INTELLIGENCE. Mesirs. W, T. Bell and do, held a sale ol thoroughbred stock and hack and harness hones Iran Ertfield at Qiihopibourne yes terday. There was a lair assemblage, bnt the biddings were rather slack, and ths oBciatiBg auctioneer (Mr H. J. Herd) bad need ol a'll bis powers of persuasion. The to 'advantage, bnt still the auctioneer managed Ito clear ths lot. The prices did not range Ugh, and £36 was ths maximum, while £6 i nay ke said to have been the mini mum, thorigh a lew sold lor hall, and less than hall that sum. One ol them was that ancient ron ol Panic, Filibuster, who was purchased, by Mr Fit igerald, ol the Avoca dis trict, lor «S I 19s. The lot. were well dis tributed ;.mong bujen In dUerent parts ol the country. Mr W. J. Boutherwood, af Launoest eu, -purchased several iota, includ ing a nice poAr ol ponies. Maori, whd leU in the Steeplechase on Wednesday, c led the same evening. Ur b. found tne hoi so enfiering Irom fracture ol the skull and concussion ol the spine, but could do notbiuig to ssvb him. Just prior to giving up tht ghost Maori performed an astonishing aci obitic teat lor a quadruped, as he stood on Ail head and turned a com plete somersaubt, Farkham,tba steeplechuer, recently pur chased by the -n 'uer ol FoxhaU, and who ... ihinned to 1 tabut list evening with the Utter £oS,,U by HoUyoak, a sou ot Filibuster, and 1 is price M £90. Those soDular and we) 1-known Victorian racing men Messrs. W. ! i. Lee and T. Bowlandson, arrived by the Pa. teena on Wednesday Irom Victoria on a koli day visit. They were pro sent at the T.T.ft Autumn Meet, and were cordially welcojsi ed by their numerous ^noroughbreiat jck is evidently a drug in Melbourne. Ysm! dugs, including the stook ol such sires as Wi iwminrter and BwiveUer, sold from 8 gninsm ' down to S gruneas. Ibis leaves a bare idoozI n lor profit I MrF.BTBowri .tnmed to Melbourne on Thundav bv tie e.s. Manapouri alter a tor^rnonthl' Sr, in New PZ»l»nd. He brought back srith : nlm Ihe Idler, a 6jr- old chesnut geldisg bv Bandoora (son or Ine Peer) Irom Lsulr r'agworth, the property o Mr H. MoBiuaan. The Idler was a good performer in New Zealand. He will be given a lew -weeks' sp .ell and then be pnt into training in Melbourne. It is evid ently the in! eution of the Fox hall party to tato their horse back to his nattvesoil. He has been nominated lor the Birthday Steeplechase. _„ The uw of Medicine and Blyth ap peared in the list ol entries lor the same racs, The Australian Peer took first prize at the Maitland Show in the iyr-old and over blood claes division, The English mare Metallic has been eent to India with a view to winning the Viperoy Gup. She is by Sweetbread from Bell Metal. The following names have been given by Mr S. Hordern to his young thorouehbred stock : — Oh c, by Aberoorn Irom Lsdy Vivian (imp ), Vivian ; ch g, by Abercom Irom Oopra; Ooolalta ; ch g, by Chester or Aber cern Irom Tempe, Toreador j b g, by Aber corn or Martini-Henry Irom Charity, Cha rioteer ; Vj c, by Cistor (Imp.), Irom Frailty, Astronomer j b c, by Castor (Imp.) Irom Nccklsce, Oravat ; blk c, by Bohlnson Ornsoe from Lady Marden (imp.), The Skipper ; b or br 1, by Nordeifeldt Irom The Queen, Bebel Queen; b or br, by Nordenleldt Irom Deborah (imp.), Dispute ; b -r br 1, by NordcnfeMt Irom Oolden Fleece, Golden Bay i b or br c, by Hetcbkisa from Onyx, Carbonate (2;rs) i blk 1 (3yr«), by Exning from Bh;thm, Barn Dance (imp.) ; br or blk 1 (2yrs), by Cylinder from Bbythm, Bonnd Dance (foiled to English time). D^.- 