A :Siberian - Traged y.-' B: GMoaae Moos.e SMm.Azdlofl was a elender, bloondehaired litl":Pirisitnine, , who once used to dance .Ightlyin''oh"'barlloroms of the Champs Eltedm, and 'ohatter gaily of "the things of .the boulevard; hut she now no longer feltI -intetest in, anything. Paris was to her a ianaebed, dream, Siberia an unchbanging reasility. Nine months out of every year of blthn,,ournfol .snows, white eiisnte, extend ing from horizon to horizon; then a brief respte, when the fields caught flower, and color rushed throogh every valley and over every bill, and innumerable insects boozed In the green underwood of the steppes-such is'Siberia. \- She had married Count Ardloff, the Governor of Tobolek, to save her father from roin, but this child of the asphalt thrived but poorly in the desert, and her husbandseaw, nd:Wth fierce anger, that she coold cot en dure hir present life; saw there was nothing in eommoon between them but the chain of marisage by which he held her. Scratch the Ruiehan and you will find the Tartar." Nothing can be more true. SPrimitive races can but ape the sentiments and refinements of feeling which make bear able our livei, and 'Count Ardloff could not Spass the golf-the impassable golf-the gulf made by centuries of .ivilisation which lay between him and his wife. He could hold her to his bosom, but even then she seemed n ?rer to.Vanoc, a young Polish officer, than him. And yet no friendehip could be porer; 't hey?were merely exiles who talked of their distant homes, their lost friends, and their ant, eneh ssentimente'dbitelo understood in'Siberia, and ugly little rumors concerning Mbme. Ardlolf and young Vanca had begun to 'be whispered-the end of a phrase hiased slightly and a concluding smile turned saome what serpent-wise-that was all. Count Ardloff watohed and waited, as ooe pinious and fieroe as a wild oat. 'He was a man about fifty; his beard was strong nd gray, and he stood like a Hercules. Five years passed in Paris had lent him a disguise which, in his ordinary moods, per fectly enabled him to hide his Tartar charso -ter, and when she married him, the bright SFrench girl little thought that a few glasses of champagne or a slight contradiction would transform the 'elegant gentleman on whose arm eheleaned into a savage Cossack. Now a fierce gleam shot from his eyes as they, fell upon his wife, who, lying back in ber-easy-chair, eat languidly listening to Vanea's clear voice. It mattered not to the \- count what they were saying. He did not stay to consider whether they were planning an elopement or talking of the emperor. He merely hated her for appearing to be to in timnatewith one of his offoers. She belonged si him; she was hie property-a property he had acquired becauose it had pleased him to do so. What, then, did she mean by think ing of or concerning herself about anyone else l These were the count's thoughts as he took the cards that had been handed to him and shfflied them through his strong fingers. Some eight or a dozen gentlemen in the uni form of the Russian Army were grouped around him, n-lady eat at the piano, and mouples were seated onder the greenery of the emotto plants with which the recesses of the room were filled. There was not much ionveraltion, the interest of the company being apparently centred in the count. Every now and then someone passed across .the room, and, after watching the cards for a few minute, would cringingly murmur some wordseof adultation. Every phrase began or ended with "Your excellency," and was rounded off with a bow. Bat the count paid very little attention to his iiterers. When he had finished deal ing, as he threw down the last card, he glanced again in the direction where his wife wa seiting. As chelistened to the young Pole, her atti tude gew mor and more abandoned. He spoke to her of her past life, of a lost love; and the ascents of regret with which he nar rated his experiences reminded her of how she had suffered similar deceptions; of how her aspirations and glad visions had, like his, perished. They spoke of those sad, eternal truths which eacsh pair of lovers fancy they alone have discovered, but which have moved all past generations, as they will doubtless move all those which are oming to birth, till man's soul has ceased to be what it is. . So absorbed were Vannca and Mime. Ardloff in the contemplation of the past, that they were only so much consocious of each other as each helped the other to realise their separate lives. The outer world had faded from them, and in the insinoating emotion which drew them together she leaned her bands over the edge of the chair, and, follow tte movement instiotively, he took up glove she had laid down and played with At this sign of intimacy, the count's eyes flashed vindiotively, and he called to his wife, impatiently: "Marie, will you order some chamr pagnel"' -Without answering, she told Vanca to ring the bell, Instantly rising, he complied with her request, and then, forgetting he hod not retorned the muntees her glove, stopped to speak to a -friend. Hie friend tried to warn him with a look, but, before a word could be said, the Pole had walked across the room, still twirling the fatal glove in his fingers. He did this with a certain nonohalance that would have angered a better.tempered man than Count Ardloff. A grim scowl passed across his face, and he whispered something to un aide-de-camp, who stood near him. The officer left the room. It was a terrible moment, fllof consterna tion and silence; but before the unfortunate Pole had time to realise hie danger two Coe eack -soldiers entered the apartment. The eompany gave way before them, withdrawing into'gioups ad lines. Vanes had his back turned to them, and he still wrapped the fatal glove round and round his fiogers. He stood as if lost in reverie, scanning a marble bust of the countess. At last the stillness of the room awoke him, and, as the Cossacks were.about to seize him, he turned. His frightened eyes metz-theis; he started back precipitately, but, with a quiet movement, the eoldierslaid .ý handLcpo hiia. In , low voice the aide-de csmo rsaid:. de. "'.. Yo ire arested by order of.hit exce. Dazed andbewildered, Vanesa'puthed the soldiere from him, and, stretching forth his hands,. appealed to the count. "-How is'this, your excellency 7l' he cried, wildly; "I am guilty of nothing. Theremust be some mistakr." Count Ardloff stood broad, tail asa vin diotive, with the light of lustre eshni?ig full beard concealed thb lower part of his srqare fac& \-- - Vanes rited o onere.,weord of appeal, and ree pB apneotrd Ard mine, -.dhdle aroe, pole and trembling, bu oh her hibad motioned her away. t - n +o Thke ibile el?ma-i a.d i o reins,:atll as the iumrsa of a rize, antl, st a eicen from the offoir, with a morment of -bouldersr; the CWhsehio fire;d thle'l??ih e eroonm. The ,mue was- y rboet';+Zi:+.:. ?+?'?- ."+ " I mmiedaiutsla/er. hh ceoni dpbke of in . .fdiserent tbing?an;ldl?:is r ehoompagne 're+. hatdre?, l'..." hive., Ardloil stared vacaittly, cIi'ahhqo i clect hl r thkrihtls; till. -sddenly leeing the glove haich kVena hid dropped. the rearson of liscarreet dawned open her;aod chb; trembled violently,rand oe agitated usaeek' h?,L she enold e.aeoely ray. reod bye to r h-ceete.: TheOr-lnt. hsqw? eec, d ,tmired turin resloll?';ir r.rabirg all osmerer of oennotr that had. ecserl~oam the or,".. sod thetwpeir.,- +T::.: I:. When hebanod asd wife were ,iooe the eonnt picked np ahe glove and handed it to Ole coonmeaswtih ao irtnies;tmies, and, hittjqut tlludig to watshad happoened raid ° · ·.: ': ·: · . " . ++:: `' +' that it was very late, and advired her to rc 'tlrrto'her'reom.- . . , l She obeyed without answering. Z She knew aometbing bonrrble was going r to happen;annd;-stopflvd with tear, sihea moantedtbe staireaser. He stayed behind to give an order, and, mastering her fears, she a listened. -- "-.'' f He was talking in the hall:below to his a saidedede-camp, and she heard,him say that v Vanca must be at once degraded to she ranks, and her heart beat with joy at the prospect of his escaping with so slight a punishment. Her emotion was so great that she did not catch the next phrase, and when she heard again, her husband was telling his officer to have all in readiness, that he I would be at the barracks at nine next morn. ing. There was something strange in this, and Mme. Ardloff went trembling to her room. I The shadows seemed livid and the lamp t burned luridly, and oppressed with the hor. rore of the evening, she sat in the silence, t afraid to go to bed. Through the frozen window-panes she t could see glistening the wide snows of the Siberian winter. Wearily she asked herself why hae had been condemned to live in these impassable deserts. The howl of a dog hbroke the stillness of the night, and it sounded in her excited mind like the last dying cry of I some poor one unjustly done to death. What a was to become of Vancas Why could not d she save him ? Save him I Was there need i for that? Startit g to her feet, she strove by , an effort of will to rid herself of her terrors. !Then, shaking with forebodings and regrets, she undressed; butahondred fancies assailedc her imagnation and gave life to the lage - on the tapestry, to the shadows on the floor, t and, white, like a ghost in a tomb, she lay reestless in herlarge bed. Sleep fled from her, until at last she fell a btwafmird Ongod e' was 'awakened by a s heavy tramping of feet in the corridor. A Smoment after her hosband entered. He was attired in the Russian military cloak, and t his hand was on his sword. t "Get up," he said, impatiently; " I want you to come out with me. I have ordered a the sledge." "Why should I get up at this hour? 0 It is only jost daylight, and I am very tired." "I am sorry you are so tired, but I want you to come to the barracks." Remembering the order she had heard given over night, Mme. Ardloff turned pale 1 at the mention of the word barracks. Twenty a times she felt an indefinite desire rising up a within her to throw herself into his arms and beg of him to be merciful; blt he looked so implacable that her courage died away, and she feared that any interest she might show for Vanca would only still further prejudice his chances of escape. Wrapping her long. blue-fox fat mantle around her, she told him she was ready. He I looked to see if she had forgolten anything. r Her handkerohiel lay on the table, andas ha aaodsd it to her his attention was attracted by flacon d .srl volatik. "We may want this," he said, and slipped it into her pocket. " What do you mean ?" she said, turn. ing suddenly; "are you coing to murder me" 1 "To murder you I" he replied, laughing cynically; "what nonsense l" And half pushing her before him, they de. scended the staircase. She tried several times to resist him, but he got her into the sledge. "To the barracks," he cried to the coach man, as he sat down beside his wife and I arranged the rngs. During the drive neither spoke a (word. His face was clouded in a sort of sollen moodiness, and terrified she looked down the dazzling perspectives of the outlying streets. The barracks were situated at the end of the eastern suburb. The horses cantered briskly, . and soon a large building appeared. It stood alone; all round stretched the white expanse of the steppes ; and the aledge passed a large t gateway into the barrack-square, which hadt been cleared of sanow. The officer who was waiting to receive them helped the count to descend. ' Mme. Ardloff was told to remain seated. " -' . Immediately after, a trumpeterblew ' callf and a file of men marched to within a few yards of the sledge and formed themhielves ato a double line, " Front rank, quick march," cried the officier. When they had gone eight paces, be cried, " Halt I" and then gave the order, " Right about turn." Vanca was then led forth. He walked be. tween two soldiers. He was naked to the waist, and behind him came the executioner. He carried in his hand a barbarous knont, and over his shoulder dangled its seven cruel lashes. In Rtusin anoffiOcerof the army cannot be fogged, but be can be degraded to the ranks in twenty-four hours. This is what happened in the present ease. Vanes was now a common soldier, and was waiting to receive the fSity lashes to which he had been sentenced. And the fashion of administering the knout in Rusaia is as follows : The condemned man is forced to walk between two files of soldiers; before him, holding a sword pointed at his breast, is an officer, who steps backward with a slow and precie pace, which regulates the strokes which the executioner administers. So terrible are the loaded thongs, armed at the end with sharp iron hooks, that at the tenth or eleventh blow even the most robust fall fainting to the ground. Sometimes, however, the execu tioner is merciful and kills the victim out. righs; but more often he is forbidden to strike with his full force, and the mangled being is carried to a hospital and cured of his wounds ; and this is repeated until be has received his full punishment. Booh is Russia-and for Vanca all was now prepared; the soldiers sto in a line, the executioher twirled his lashes, only an bfftoer to lead the way remained to be appointed. It was for Count Ardloff to do this. He looked around; there were half.a.dozen men standing around him, any of whom mighthave been chosen. As he glanced from one to the other, his attention was attracted by a man who from a doorway at the otherendof the barack-yard, was eagerly watching. "Who is that man ?"' asked the coont. The man was called. It was Vanca's brother; " . !'What are you waiting about the doorway : I waiti"tng to" seetea.:your exeellency would pardon my poor brothei," replied the Pole. "?Pardon your'poor brother," said Count Ardloff with a bitter sneer; " I will show you .how I pardon.. Draw your sword and lead the way, and take care., you don't walk too fast." Alter one deep, questioning look, which told him 'that the Russian meant to be obeyed, he broke his sword aeroess his knee, asids : " Do withme as you will, but I will not erve a country inhabited by barbarians and governed byfiends."* Even the Gossatke exchanged glances of symp?thy, and had thsy knowon'thelwhols truth, it was not impropable that they mihabthave revolted. Sofice to say, thatfor am?ptint lfme. Ardloff feared for her bus. band's safety. But his flerce brutality don nated his soldiers, and the rlder Vanca was nuacled and a heavy gard placed over him'. IThe soene that then presented itself woeas this': Teo eles of sol;iese, Count Ardicil t cmmnding, stern and implacable; one brotber hialf nasked and I,leeding, the other in irona a pele woman with scouy written in. nr efoee nra'ed up inr ur drxirofc I orres munchieg .in thlrr nose loage, on-. ecopiion, of aught lshe. : The~ cicr .took another step bahck; the rieeven thongs whirehd in the air, and again troe into red fuirows the lacerated drsh.' As e .Vasess etntgerld forwerd, his Ia e rontulsed with pain, hie eaus'r'fined, an Hne. Ardi, f, d and they adced, with a tersible seloquence, SOh, wby did on bxrany me 2" Her acrts etwe eapa.d,a.nd in hr emotlone having l,,c a't po, r ,( otier-.ne, she strove to send ltsh ier soul to t, l him of how ta. nocen shbe mas. Then another blow fell, and the blood equisted horribly, and the fleah bong ragged. It was sickening,,and from sheer horror and nausea Mme. Ardlcff fainted.' But it was herhusband'e intention that she should witness, to the end, the re venge he had so carefully prepared, and diving his hand into the pocket of her mantle, he prodoced the bottle of id volatile. With thi he quicly restored her'cto on eoioaeneas, and then she heard him saying: " Awake, awake, for I wish you toee how I puniah those who insult me." Vanes had now received nine strokes. He was but a raw mass of quivering flesh. Hope less and faintly, like one in a nightmare, Mme. Ardlirf strove to speak, until at last the words long denied her rose to her lifs, but they came too late, and, mad with pann, the tortured man, with a whirling, itage. ing motion, precipitated himself on to the drawn sword, and fell on to the groannda corpee. This was unexpected. There were hurried words, and a trampling of feet, and a deep silene, but MIme. Ardloff remembered little. The imprecations the elder brother burled alter her as she was driven away sounded dim andindistinct in her ears during the long days of delirium which followed this double tragedy, for on arriing home she saw her husband make out the order for Vanao'e transportation to the meronry mines. She pleaded and prayed wildly, but the count only smiled grimly in reply to her hysterical supplications. It seemed to her, that the heaven should fall to mash, that the earth should open to reasive, so inhuman a monster. She raised her hands, she preamed madly, h thoughts e be=foep oariag several weeka, for her, Time stood Slowly her senses returned to har; dim through a mist, through a heavy torpor, that held her powerless and inert-they returned to her, and with them came the ghastly remembrance of a terrible crime. The subjeot was never alluded to.. The afflair was hushed up ; but time could neither blot nor tear this cruel page oat of Mme Ardloffl's life. Her only consolation weas the certitude that no pain was in store for her greater than she experienced, when, years after, in a ball-room at St.' Peltersburg, Count Vanea, an old man with long white hair, and a life's sorrow on his face, said to her: "|Madame, I hope you children are very. well." 