A TALE OF DARING. CHAPTER I. " I will dare anything for you." It was the grand ice carnival at Glenrigg, From highest to lowest every soul in the country side had been bidden, all charged to come in motley array, and I warrant you scarcely one but came right willingly. Gaily on the frosty air rang out the music. From the massive gateway to the Castle steps a thousand lights branched out in a circle like a gigantic fairy ring across the frozen river—here thirty yards across, its bed fall as many feet below. Within this arena flashed hither and thither the motley crew of skaters and dancers. Along the banks passed to and fro, or stood in admiring groups, the spectators, their ranks here and. there broken by a monster bonfire, while an increasing tide trooped under the portcullis op the broad stone steps and into the hall, which answered to its name in the table groaning beneath its weight of good cheer. Laughter, merry jests, and sounds of glee mingled with the music, and all went merry as a marriage bell. But with one discordant note. The king and queen of the gay throng—she by right of beauty, he of manliness as fair to see—were apart from the rest under tbe shadow of a great giant willow, which just opposite the Castle gate drooped its bare black branches like withered skinny arms Into the lake, quarrelling. And what think you was the casus belli ? They were well matched in costume, as in face and form. She in her short waisted frock, with its broad sash, ample cloak, and big poke bonnet of cherry velvet, with nodding plumes, the very counterpart of the other my Lady Beatrice Glendon, the famous beauty of 17—, from whom she inherited her winsomeness, in her picture in the Castle gallery. He in his knee breeches and long-tailed coat of fawn corderoy velvet, white and gold brocade waistcoat, high gold cord and tasselled beaver hat, and costly lace ruffles at breast and wrist. That they were so matched was indeed the very cause of the breach of peace between them. It had been my lady's captice—she was the youngest and only unmarried of Glenrigg—to appear at the carnival as (and to outrival by so doing) her great grandmother, and, for reasons of her own, had set the fashion amongst the ladies of I ho carnival in keeping her intention as regarded her costume a profound secret. Her success on the first, two points had been assured by nnanimous consent, hut on the third- Small wonder she was annoyed as she was, when almost the first person who pressed forward to greet her amongst her father's guests Was hone other than a certain Squire Oaklands, ISO years ago, in the person of his great grandson, John, Mark you, that he was plain John Oaklaude wafl not the head and frpnt of his cdTonding. There had keen Qaklands at the Orest, lower down the Bigg, where the little stream tumbled headlong into the sea, fully as long as Glendons at Glenrigg, who had, indeed, twice refused a peerage because of a certain spice of royal blood in their veins, which they proudly taid. was boaet enough of itself—a fact and boast which placed them Becord only to my lords of the Castle, and therefore fit mated with the best of its daughters. The matter was that my lady Beatrice was wroth at being matched at all, not only because of the pains she had taken in the matter, hat because she had so many suitors on her hands, as was'indeed only to b9 expected, that it was tbe worry of her life, not having liking enough for any of them to think of saying " Yes " if anyone of them put the question of marriage, and having a very soft little heart, if a somewhat warm temper, not wanting to be unkind enough to say " No " to preserve the balance of favor. Hitherto, however, she had succeeded fairly well, and now here was this John Oaklands, who had known her from a child, and must have seen how she was placed, upsetting everything by ontwitting and matching her in the matter of the carnival eostume. What business had he to do it, and to succeed not only in the harmony of color even, but in looking so handsome— handsomer than he, his ancestor, or any Oiklauds had ever looked before. Of this s'u» had no proof, but was convinced of the fact all the same. Not only did he bear himself with ease, but with a most wonderfal engaging old time courtliness, as wita £8 the drawing off of his gold-bordered dooskin glove to takp the mittened hand she had refused him, and the unconcern with wbioh he had flecked some snow dust from the little pouch bag which hung at her side with his lace-bordered handkerchief worthy of a prince's handling, as indeed it had had, having been left behind by the Merry Monarch when he had psj^ed a night at the Crest after a right fdjal frolic there. What business had he to be, to do, Anything of this. To have had a great grandfather living at exactly the same Sarnie as her great grandmother! What business had he, indeed, to have had a great grandfather at all 1 He had done it, and it was all, of course, on purpose to annoy her. Any other follow would have died before he had Jbeen a great grandson, or been bom all for that matter, sooner than have crossed her so: Why, because of Mm, not a courtier in her hitherto orderly little train but, thinking him in higher favor, might put his fate to the proof before the night was over. Fancy having to break hearts by the dozen till midnight, to say nothing of being l<jft minus a single courtier on the morrow! It was horrible to think of. " I vow I'll say ' Yes' to the first one who asks me, and send a crier round, the great bigfstupid himself, to proclaim the news. I don't mind being thought a flirt, but I won't be called a jilt." And John himself should be punished— oh, he should be punished, and that most Full of these terrible resolutions, my irate little lady responded to the offender's greeting by a most cold bo w, which made the <msrry —triumphant she called it, and perhaps it was—the Oaklands were as bold as iiopsT— twinkle die out of his big, honest brown eyes, the smile .which had always pleased her without knowing why, from round the well-cut mouth. She marked this vdth secret and wicked satisfaction, and with the determination to punish him thus by a complete indifference to his presence prepared to skate as far away from it as possible. But before she could take as much, as one swing alone there was the culprit alongside of her, taking both her hands in the masterful fashion , which became him so well—at [least she had thought so before that London season of which she had been the beUe had altered her ideas on iho various rights of ladies a'pd cavaliers—and with a new and even more winning smile thanJbefore sweeping her off on a, tour of the fairy ring, followed by the admiring gaze of tbe fast assembling company, " A perfectly matched couple." There was the hateful criticism she had foreseen at the first, And tWe, too, vera half a dozsn of her wooers either pressing forward amongst the erowd or standing apart, su?c> signs that already jealousy ana rebellion had begun to burn, exactly as ahfl had known it must* Ob, he was very handsome aod iery bold and very tfcflfftj this John Oaklands, bat Done of the three, nor all together, could or should atone for the mischief he had done. The Blow torture of coldness and dignity w£s evidently wasted upon him. He should have the rod of her just anger laid upon him, red hot and at onoe. Breaking ruthlessly away from him therefore,- despito a very strong desire for one more turn, my lady Beatrice imperiously commanded him to follow her apart from the fairy ring. As a rule, not fully believing -in the transforming power of her one London season, he was wont to question her right if she assumed such a tone. But now he did not do this. Instead, he followed her meekly enough, as she thought. Had she only known it, he would willingly have led the way. She did not know, and if she had would she have acted otherwise ? Beaching the shelter of the willow, she turned and faced him, the very embodiment of wrath, her perfect little figure drawn up to its full height, her shapely head, with its crown of dusky curls, as erect as it well could be in the great devouring bonnet; her daintily carved ivory features lit up by a roseleaf hue, her saucy nose tossed in the air, her beautiful grey eyes sparkling—nay, absolutely flashing under their dark thick fringes, and her little white teeth gleaming like real pearls between her red poppy lips Out it all came in a breath, a perfect torrent of words and sentences, with only one sentiment plainly expressed. " How dared he—how dared he do as he had done?" The master of the Crest, unprepared as he could not but have been for such an outburst, received it, however, quietly enough, strangely so, as his obedience in following contrasted with his behaviour already in the matter of the cause of rebuke. His head had drooped as hers had lifted ; bis eyes were on the ground; the b«re white shapely hand he had offered I • ~ playing nervously with the lace rufil which fell over the wrist of the other, i was hard to say from bis demeanou whether he was even listening to what she said. That he had heard, however, was proved by his answer, when Bhe at length paused, not for lack of wrath to say more, but for breath. He did not lift his head ; he dropped his Hands at bis side, and in a low voice, very unlike his wonted clear ringing tones, said— " I would dare anything for you." Only those few-simple words, but there was a world of meaning in them which in a calmer moment must have struck my lady Bee. It did now now. Instead, the answer added a last torch to her wrath. As if he had not already offended enough, here was hewbohad never before plagued her with fine speeches and empty compliments, having recourse to them now to get himself out of his dilemma, mocking her! But she could pay him back in that coin, and did in a flish, mocking till her voice, from low and sweet, became sharp aud unmusical. " You would dare anything for me ?" she repeated. "Fine words! We might truly be my great granddame and your great grandsire In earnest." The moment ehe had spoken she could have bitten heir tongue out. In her tut&she; held blundered, and even worse than hehad done. Did not John know as well as she did how this-was not the first time an Oaklands had spoken.fine words to a Glendon ; that those words, had been in earnest, for the two had'been lovers, and were the very ancestors they represented — her great grandmother and his great grandfather 1 What had she done 9 she asked herself in turn, with more, than dismay—absolute horror. It must seem to him that she had taken for granted that his random words had a nay, the most serious meaning possible. Oh, the /despair of such a thought to such a veritable little queen las she was at heart and in seeming! She was punished for her harshness and imperiousness to the full. Bat how keen-witted and generous was he, the great big stupid, aa she had called him. He did not seem to give a thought ioherevident intent to Buffer from the agony of ehsme—saoh indeed it was to her—but poured out atones to her the tale of his love, telling how long, long ago it had sprung.up in • his heart, and how he had tried toehow it in BO many ways, moat of all in matching her in his great grandsireVdress; toW he had made tap " )w then—ft? Pight of Uw carnival—because he so feared someone else would be before him. And what reward, think you, did this generosity and devotion receive at her ladyship's hand 1 None at all, absolutely none. Instead, further punishment. Instead of being deeply thankful for her safety after the great fright her maiden modesty had received, she became even the more enraged against him. He had, she considered, more than doubled the mischief he had already done. Not only was there the fright, but this very telling of his love, which would necessitate the breaking of her word—a slip of honor a Glendon was rarely, if ever, guilty of. When she vowed to marry the first wooer who presented himself to save herself from the direful consequences to which John Oakland's stupidity had laid her open, she had not dreamt that that wooer would be John, the great big stupid himself. She was not bound therefore to fulfil her selfmade vow. She did not stay to question her feelings in the matter, did not even heed hiB pleadings; at least at the time she thought she did not. For the moment she sought in vain for an answer. Then all of a sudden it came to her—with the memory of the story of the wooing of that other John Oaklands and the grand old dame of whom they were the second selves. This told how—like her great grandchild and namesake—she had been plagued by un welcomed suitors, and her heart not being set on marriage, had taken what she believed secure shelter behind a couplet riddle which ran something in this fashion: He only who cornea not by 1 ind or water Sball wed proud Glendon's last fair daughter. But lo and behold there was one of her little court who loved her enough to win her despite her wit. One winter's morning when, as at the Carnival, the Bigg had lain icebound, using it as a roadway the Master of Oaklands had come in his coach and six to the ' 'stle gates. The ready wit, the resolute daring, above H the gallantry of the act had won the laJy's heart, not her hand, however, for a slight quarrel had sprung up between the families at the .time. Both my lord and my lady had married elsewhere, but, it was said, had loved each other till death, all the same, though doing their duty as bus band and wito Done the less for that. It was the remembrance of the memento of this episode, the old family coach in the stable at the Crest, which inspired my lady Trix. " Surely Jjhn Oaklands knows Beatrice Glendon's answer to Buch words.*' And to be sure he made no mistake she repeated the quaint legend—" You cannot solve the riddle afresh, but you can carry it out anew if—this was the point of the blade— if you dare." CHAPTER II. What had she done ? For the second time that night of the Carnival my Lady Beatrice asked herself that question, as for the second time as well she stood under the shelter of the weeping willow. But this time she was alone and put the query to herself with double, nay treble, her former dismay. The cause was this : Quitting John Oaklands with the taunt anent the riddle, she had flung herself heart and soul into merrymaking, taking her place as queen, and as such, leading the revels with right royal winBomeneBS. There was scarce a soul in the. great throne who did not do her homage. She was as much sought after as if hers had been divine right. Even the fairest of the women could not but acknowledge she bore the palm before them, that even the fairy of the Twelfth Night Bill was eclipsed by this dainty maiden of more than a hundred years ago, while the men they seemed positively bewitched. They swarmed after her like bees, hang on her smile never so arch and alluring, her wit never a sparkling, as if the sweet silvery voice spoke ever some potent charm. Hither and thither she sped over the ice, and wherever she went, this beautiful queen, there the laughter was gayest, the fun highest, the revelling best of all. To follow her was to follow a meteor as bril liant in flight as untiring. As for John, ehe had determined not to waste a thought upon him, and had succeeded until— What were the words which had fallen on his ear again by chance. " It's true, upon my honor. When the girl you love says : * Drive your coach and six from the Crest to the Castle,' what is a follow—an Oaklao4s^o flol Why, <w I with my own ear heard John Oaklauds say" —'Do it, aye, this very night, if I go ti the bottom, coach and all.'" For a moment the words fell upon her ear heedlessly, then all in a sudden, their meaning had come, and. she had Btolen away ont of the - magic fairy ring, into the shadow and solitude of the drooping willow. She did not expect to find John Oaklands still there. Neither did she ask herself where ha could be, she knew only too well. Well might she say, what had she done ? She had dared him when he said he would dare anything for her, and " what could an Oaklands do?" He was as good as his word, if he went to the bottom of the river, coach aad all." Ah, no ! no ! she had not meant so terrible a thing. She had not really meant to punish him, at least only in fun. She had meant no harm, indeed she had not. Oh what would she not have given to have recalled her heedless, wicked words To think that she had sent him into so terrible a danger, perhaps to his death, aye, perhaps that very night. Perhaps she would see in her own eyes as she sat there, per- With a cry of horror from the bottom of her heart she started to her feet, vowing to do something, anything, to stay the evil ere it was to late. But the rush of terror overcame her, and she could not stir. Her feet seemed not only to have lost their wings but to be glued to the ground- She struggled manfully, realising in a Hash that she alone could and must turn her lover, he was that despite herself, from his deadly purpose, deadly, for the ice those hundred years and more ago had been thirty inches thick, and now it was scarce half that depth. Bat in vain. The weakness completely overpowered her, and all was a blank. How long she was unconscious she did not know. When she recovered the Carnival was still going on around her. The noise of the music, voices, laughter, the whirr of the skates deafened her for a moment, and had no meaning. When suddenly there came above them a sound which brought back senses and memory only to quickly. It was the crack of a whip, the gallop of horses, the grating, strangely sublued, of hecvy wheels. The other noises died away slow'y then, leaving only a confused murmur. Peeping out from her shadowy hi<ling place she saw the merry makers op the batiks pressing forward, those on the fitpps stay in their passage, her father comes hastily out from the hall, and stay, still on the top, the skaters cluster on either Bide of the si Ivory road, along whose course—the way down to the sea, to the Crest—every eye was turned. Struggling from where she had sank in her swoon she too pressed forward and gazed with the rest, he heart sick and as heavy as lead in her breast. What need to say what she eaw 1 The dark wintry sky above, the darker country below, the frozen river winding through it, along its track a bright gleaming light which had not been there before, coming every moment nearer and nearer towards the Castle. She did not ask herself what it could be, there was no need nor time, for ere she could even realise the horror of her fears, ere the murmuring crowd could whisper in tones of awe and wonder: " Is it a ghost?" the light was near enough, so fast it came, to proclaim itself. Well might those who siw say was it some ghostly vision. There was the great old family coach of the Oaklands drawn by six of the finest horses from the Crest stables, aud, in one hand tbe reins held well up, in the other holding high above his head a blazing torch, the Master of tbe Crest himself—all as it had been that other time when in the lODg years before that other John Oaklands had come to Glenrigg to win my lady Beatrice Glendon. On, on came the splendid turnout so strangely used. Every item was now visible, the painted panels of tbe coacb, its antique gilding, its crimson and gold trappings, and hammer cloth, and tasselled behind, the cosy cushioned depths within, the handsome embossed harness, with ruby rosettes, the noble horses, each worthy a prinoe's stud, carved as from polished oak by a lady's hand, each foot taking way daintly, each head arched proudly, ears erect, finely curved nostrils distended, and eyes flashing fire ; the driver on the high box seat, his tall figure outlined in its rich old-fashioned coat, his face seen in the light of the flaming torch—Ah, his face ! How handsome, how noble he loot&d.; Hantowaw and nobler even than »y Ivfy Beatrice had thought him when he bad stood before her and told ber of his love. The swift onward roll of the coach, the strange ruddy glare of the torch, the onward rush of the horses, they seemed to bound through the air upheld by the m ister hand, but most of all, the face of the drivex appalled Beatrice Glendon so that she stood like one turned to stone. Not so the crowd around her. The murmur from it arose louder and louder, and when at last, it seemed but an all too brief instant, the gallant team dashed from darkness into the light of the glint fairy ring before the Castle gate, broke into a cheer. But it scarcely left their lips. It was lyed, silenced, cut off, as it were, by another and a very different one, a sound like a clap of thunder. Almost safely accomplished as before had been the gallant piece of daring. Almost tbe coach stood still .before the Castle steps, the horses stayed by the same skilful hand, the driver waving his torch above his head all but sprung from Lis seat. Almost but not quite. There was a sudden mighty roar, and with one impulse the whole team took a new movement. The coach rocked like a sinking ship, the horses plunged and then reared in a manner horrible to behold ; the driver who had so well commanded them dropped his hands, the reins fell from one, the torch from the other, fell like a falling star a short space, and then went out with a strange hiss, which was as well a splash. As it fell it lit up anew the face of John Oaklands. To Beatrice Glendon it was more than handsome now, there was something unearthly in it. On it was a smile, loving and brave as ever, not a touch of reproach or anger; nay, as he smiled he waved bis hand as if to bid her not only adieu, but to pray her not to reproach herself, and met the fate to which Bhe had sent him without flinching. Only that frantic, fruitless struggle, that noble sweet smile, the white band waved adieu, and then down, down, down, coach, horses and driver, down, down in the awful abyss below. There was darkness, silence, save for the babble of the water as the river closed over its victims. A moment of intense agonised horror, then with a perfect scream of horror, the murderess woke to herself. Truly to herself this time and not a murderess. The words she had heard had been those of the other John Oaklands years ago. All that was passed since the first; coming to the willow had been a vision, a fancy, a dream, painted by her highly wrought imagination and an overtired body. Yes, she was awake now, and there was John Oaklands standing beside her. With a cry of delight this time she sprang up. " Oh, John, John," she cried, " it's you, really you, you're not dead. I atn so glad, so very glad. I thought you had heeded my stupid, wicked teasing and driven the coach." H«r excited manner evidently aroused in him his wonted cara for her, for be made a step nearer. But at her words he drew back. " No," he said. " I didn't heed them. At least not that way. No woman could love a man and dare him so. And even if you did, my life"—he spoke very solemnly, and she saw that his face, uuiike in her dream and when he had told her of his love, she remembered every word he had said now, was white and drawD, his mouth set and stern as she bad never seen it befire, his eyes hollow and their whilom flash and sparkle darkened by a cloud which in a woman would have meant tears —"my life is not my own to risk. Even for so great a priza I dare not do a sis like that." It did not need even the look on his face to tell what those words had cost him, more than if he had really driven the c >ach and six at her word, and faced death. Bat the rest of his task was harder still, and bis voice broke ominously. " I came to tell you that., and to bid you good-bye." He took her hand in his, held it for a moment in his firm warm clasp, then loosing it gently, he turned away and was gone. She let him go. She had no power to do anything else. Those last words, that "good-bye," had turned her to stone aa in her dream. " Good-bye," he did not say " for ever," hut she knew he meant it, that they should never be together as they hud been, never perhaps even meet again. " Neva see him again 1" When ehe realised ibis there came 9T«f her a sense of desolation end sadness each BB she had never known before. All memory even of smiles faded from her sweat face. The light of her eyes was quenched by two great tears which welled over their darkly fringed cradles and fell down her cheeks followed by one another ontil it was a perfect rain. " Oh, how wicked and miserable I am," she moaned, and pillowing her head against the willow's rough trunk as if she longed all at once for the shelter of ber desd mother's breast, she cried as if her heart wonld break. Bat only a moment. Suddenly the fountain of her grief was stayed and she started to her feet. " Beatrice 1" They were fat away from the Castle, midway on the river road to the Crest, Bhe was clinging to him now with all her might, his arm wag round her with all the old love and fear of protection, his white, handsome face looking down into hers, his dark eyes full of a world of patient suffering as he begged her in a tone which was sharp with terror to tell him what was amiss, what had brought her all that way after him, to stay him in his going so ? At first he conld see nothing to give any clue to her evident alarm. Then the sight of an ash tree drooping from the bank reminded him it was here had been made the two holes for flooding the ice with the Castle hose. There was no hole now, instead was a thin coating of ice, thick enough to deceive the eye, but not thick enough to have borne his weight had he pissed over, which in the darkness, since the barriers which bad been placed had been thoughtlessly removed, but f»r her staying him so unexpectedly he must have done. An expression of deep thankfulness crossed his lips as he realised this, then he suddenly drew her a few steps back the way she had followed him. There lay the first hole clearly defined, for it artificials surface was broken, the water bubbling up from between the disjointed pieces of ice. He had crossed that too. But it had been safe, or seemed so then, for he had not even heeded it, though he remembered now having heard a slight crack. To have stayed him on the verge of the other she must have followed him close, have crossed that circle too, broken as it was. At the thought, big fellow- and brave, heedless of his own uncourted danger as he was, be trembled, and a look of agony started to his eyes. Then suddenly he tossed back his proud head, and a smile, bright and winsome as in her dream, broke over his face. " You risked your life to save mine," he said; then, drawing her unresisted close, very close to his heart, " then do yon love me a little 1" " No," she cried, " I love you, John, with all my heart and soul. You are the best, the bravest, noblest man in all the world." That settled the whole matter entirely, and of coarse they were married and lived happily to be themselves a great grandfather and a great grandmother. 