8Hit mtb Jjfttmor. Impcdexce — 'Now, sir, a little singeing or shampooing ?' Anybody can see through people who make spectacles of themselves. Mick — ' Ah, begorra, Pat, if I gei tip first in the morning I'll chalk it ud on your door.' Pat—' Well, if I get up first Til rub it out.' She — 'You know papa has failed, aDd he pays that we must begin to economise.' He — ' Well, we needn't be wearing out two chairs !' Sunday-school Teacher — 'Now, why was Adam created first, do you think?' Boy — 'To give him a chance to say something, I expect.' ' It is generally a bachelor who says mean things about mother-in-laws.' says a contem porary. Of courss it is. The married man doesn't dare to. Clara, after a tiff — 'I presume you would like your ring back?' George — ' Never mind ; keep it. No other girl I know could use that ring unless she wore it on her thumb !' Magistrate — ' Prisoner, the evidence against you is very damaging. Nothing but an alibi can help you in the face of it.' Prisoner — ' Won't an alias do as well, your worship ?' ' That's what I call hush money,' remarked the daddy when he planked down the cash for a bottle of paregoric to take home for use among the infantile portion of the family. City editor — ' What have you written about the death of that bright young Jenkins:' Irish reporter — 'Something nate, air, windin' up with these words — * He leaves a brilliant futuie behind him.! ' Antediluvian editor (having glanced at the contributors joke) — 'Where's the other?' Con tributor — 'Other? There isn't any other.' Editor — 'Oh, I thought Noah took two of everything iuto the ark.' Binks (meeting a well-known comio singer the day after his wife had presented him with twins) — 'Allow me to congratulate you, old fellow.' C.8. — 'Thanks, very much; but you see it is quite a usual thing with me. I am used to encores.' Youngster (aged five, to his sister) — 'I know more'n you do. I know where all the places in the world are.' Sister — 'Oh, Henry '. what a story ; you don't.' Henry — '' I do, then. Thev're in the atlas, and I'm sitting on it.' A la Dude. — Chollie — ' I was so angry at my man this mawnin' that I kicked him.' Chap pie — ' Deah me ! How could you do such a thing ?' Chollie — ' Why, what do you do when you get angwy at yonah man V Chappie — ' I make him kick himself.' THK STEPPING-STONE TO FORTUNE. If I could write one single tale So great that everyone would quote it, To make a fortune I'd not fail, For I could find a steady sale For articles on ' How I wrote it.' A Natural Inference. — He — 'You are the only woman I have ever loved.' She — ' Do you expect me to believe that ?' He — ' I do. I swear it is true.' She — ' Then I believe you. Any man who would expect a woman to believe that cannot have been much in the company of women.' 'Dear,' said Mrs. Wickwire, looking up from the last thing in feminine fiction, 'what does this book mean by referring to 'the superfluous woman ? What is the superfluous woman?' 'In our engagement d.iys,' answered Mr. Wickwire, 'the superfluous was your younger sister.' ' Now. remember you are on your oath.' ' I remember, sir,' answered the witness, 'and repeat it — that was all Ehe said.' ' Stand down !' ordered the judge, sternly. 'The idea of any man coming here and swearing he can remember all that any woman ever said.' Moses, to his son Ikey — 'How much was twice two, Ikey ?' Ikey — ' Twice two was six, fader.' Moses — 'Six! No, meinson. Twice two was four.' Ikey — ' I know dat, fader. I only said six so'e you could beat me down to four.' A real chip of the old block was Ikey. He could calculate well enough. ' Jack Ford — ' Did you see that girl cut me then?' Frank Wileox — 'I noticed that she didn't bow.' Jack Ford— 'And yet I saved her life!' Frank Wileox — 'How?' Jack Ford — ' We were engaged, and finally she eaid she'd rather die than marry me— so I let her oif !' A very learned man has said, ' The three hardest words to pronounce in the English language are, ' I was mistaken ;' ' and when Frederick the Great wrote his letter to the Senate, 'I have jub* lost a great battle, and it was entirely niy own fault,' Goldsmith saye, 'This confession displayed more greatness than all his victories.' The Important Man. — Poetry, a waxed moustache, mystery, long hair, and a sweet tenor voice will often make a woman feel as if there were only a sheet of tissue paper between heaven and herself ; but it is tbe man with the wart on his nose and six figures as his bank balance who gets the girl and makes her happy ever afterwards. It is often difficult for the receiver of a pre sentation copy of a dull book to square his reply with truthfulness. One promiuenc English humorist has devised a method which is only brutal on minute inspection. 'Mr. Blank,' he writes, ' bees to thank Mr. Dash for his book, and to inform him that be will lose no time in reading it.' Scene — A refreshment bar. Uncle (who left his nephew in the bar 'refreshing') — ' Well, Tommy, you see Fm back ; are you ready? What have I to pay, Mias ?' Miss — 'Three buns, four Eponge-eakea, two sand wiches, one jelly, five tarts, and ? ' Uncle — 'Good gracious, boy! are you not ill?' Tommy — 'No, uncle ; but I'm awful thirsty.' A poser — 'You wouldn't wear that prim roEe so lightly if you knew what it was,' said the professor to chappie. ' What is it T asked chappie. 'Why, in reality, it is a corollaeeous dicotyledonous ezogen,' said the professor. Whereupon chappie went borne, and would have had brain fever if he had had anything to have it with. Wife — 'You can now see how much your friends care for you. During your long illness only one has called to see you.' Husband — ' And tnat was Jones, wasn't! it?' 'Yes, he came every day, and he said he was very sorry that you were too unwell to see him. He is the only real friend you've got.' 'Yes, I sup pose so. The day before I was taken ill I promised to lend him five pounds. ' ' Mr. S.,' said a young woman timidly, as the two walked along the quiet street on their way to church, 'may I presume on our some what short acquaintance to ask you a ques tion?' 'Why, yes, Miss M.,' he answered, turnine slightly pale. ' It's the old, old ques tion, Mr. S.' It bad come upon him unex pectedly. He was not prepared for it. Long, long afterwards he remembered how her voioe trembled and how the little hand that rested upon his arm fluttered with a shy nervousness that awoke a responsive chord in his knees. Long, long afterwards be could close his eyes and see as vividly as he did at that moment every detail of the commonplace landscape that environed him — the street, with its row of gas lamps struggling in vain to illumine the gloom of a cloudy evening; the sleepy-looking houses that stretched monotonously away until lost in the dim, foggy perspective; the scmbre, bleak f-ky overhead and the occasional pedes trian flitting about in the semi- darkness like an uneasy ghost suffering from insomnia and walking because there was nothing else to do. 'Why, Miss M.,' he gasped, 'certainly you —you may ask it in— if you feel you must.' 'Then, Mr. S.,' she said, halting directly opposite a street lamp and looking the trembling young man squarely in the face, 'will you please tell me if my hat is on straight?': . 