A FLASH. OF SUMMER: AN EPISODE BY Mrs. W K. CLIFFORD. (Continued from. Last Saturday.) CHAPTER III. Katherine was too much a girl to be a companion to her husband She was too unsophisticated and limited, and to inexperienced to hold a man who was not even in love with her He had nothing to say to her nor she to him Even their honeymoon thought for the first few days he watched her with a half curious amusement bored him, and before ten days were over he had discovered a secret amusement In making her wince under those little gives that he knew would sooner or later have a brutal development Hit) went to Windermere, and stayed at the hotel near the station The trees were sprinkled with early green, the spring flowers were allowing themselves among the tangle of the woods and hedges, the snow still clung high and white to the mountains The beauty of the scenery took Katherine altogether by surprise When it first burst upon her in the railway carriage between Oxenham and vA aldermen the day after her marriage she give a cry that was half joy and half bewilderment "Oil, it is lovely , it is wonderful !' (the "aid Her manner pleased him he was almost tender as he drew her hand through his arm an hour or two later, by the lakes side, and waited for more remarks akin to that one in the train But Katherine had not the habit of talking much, and more over had never been on an easy foot mg with Mr Belcher, nor, indeed, with anyone in her whole life, hate perhaps her school friend, Alice Irvine She looked up at the great bills and felt the beauty of the whole place wrap round and round her like a dream of which she was in the midst but like a dreamer he had no words to say to the hung man beside her I hey took long walks almost in silence, while he thought of matters wholly unconnected with his But roundings, and she saw the world stretch itself out before her eyes and realise 1 how little she knew concerning it Mr Belcher used to look at her half contemptuously sometimes during that beat week as she sat back in the boat which the sturdy North countrymen rowed across the lake, or along the edge beneath the shadow of the moun- tam and wonder how he was to get through the next three weeks allowed to his honeymoon with a school girl in a serge frock and a sailor hat It bored him after a time even to worry her Ilion, luckily, they made acquaintance with a Mr and Mrs Oswell who were staying at the hotel he was a barrister of forty, dark and shin and leisurely , with kind, grey eyes that gate Katherine a sense of safety when she looked at them in some undefined manner it floated through her mind that if Mr Belcher were cruel to her, and she had often felt that he could be so, Mr Oswald would protect her He seemed to be fond of his wife Katherine used to ate them walking up and down together in front of the hotel, after dinner when it was nearly dark evidently) engrossed in each other's conversation Sometimes she heard them laugh and. as if they were amused, or if they were silent it was the silence of two people who were companions "I can feel that they are married, ' Katherine thought "They are like the husband and wife one reads about, they are so different from us She could not imagine that a time would ever come when she and Mr Belcher would walk up and down and talk in a low voice and be content together At first sight Mrs Oswell was hardly equal to her husband, she was a tall, handsome woman with a good many rings on her fingers and clothes too smart for a country hotel She was about two or three and thirty perhaps had plenty to sat, and a manner that was a little masterful but gave way immediately before her husband a quiet one She took pains to be agreeable to Mr Belcher chiefly 1 ecuuseherhusband had taken a violent dislike to him, which is thoroughly immoral of Don Trad, she remarked 1 'Mr Belcher as a solicitor and well I can see it in the can of his frock coat at the table dilute, and you are the in st table barrister Never quarrel with what may be your bread and butter, and do remember that when you are hungry even stale bread and bad butter are better than starvation ' ' I hate the look of him, and I am certain he bullies that unlucky girl he has married I saw a horrible smile on his face yesterday when he had evidently said something that made her miserable ' Probably) there is something to be said on both sides, Mrs Oswell answered, "He can be polite if it is expected of him, she expects him to behave like st)rain so he does The Oswell and the soldiers had a little square table to themselves that night Mrs Oswell perhaps on purpose informed Mr Belcher, in the intimate manner of people who have been together three days on board ship or a week in the same hotel, how fond her husband was of her, and how many presents he made her, and how terribly she bullied him, though she humoured him some times Do you make your wife many presents, Mr Belcher' she asked, "joulool. like a generous man I should make a wife like you a great many, he answered with a smile that he meant to be fascinating " Perhaps she does not humour you enough Mrs Belcher, she went on always humour men, it never does to be too strict with them Katherine, who felt that Mrs Oswell was a good nature 1 but rather vulgar person, merely smiled across her soup ' I dont think I shall find my) wife too street, Mr Belcher said significant!) Beast thought Mr Oswell "111 bet that water runs away from him or breaks her heart before she is five years older Then there followed a conversation that Katherine was to remember all her life, for every word seemed to burn itself upon her brain as though it were a portion of her history and yet the subject seemed a trivial one "When you have been married as long as I have, Mr Ostvdl said to Mr Belcher, trying to make things easier for her, 'you wont be SO confident Still I manner to get my own way sometimes, eh Bee ? Do you remember when you find set your heart on GOTHIC, to Se Thorough and I had set mine on a sea voyage' " You were a brute, She laughed " he was indeed Mrs Belcher There are some horrid 1 oats that go to the Mediterranean it very week Will you believe that he beguiled me to Southampton under the impression that I was going to the Isle of Wight, and calmly took me on board one of them and I sat quite still and innocent to discover presently that we worked our way to Gibraltar'' "1 excellent experience for you I should think, Mr Belcher said, trying to be pleasant!; sarcoBtia "You ought to take your wife that trip some time), Mr Oswell went on, 'the) are capital boots, excellent route, and not at all expensive "And they go to the Mediterranean' asked Katherine It sounded like the other side of the world " They go first to Gibraltar," Mr Catt eil answered glad to talk to her " And there you get your first experience of the South The scent of the orange trees almost choked me and the pepper trees, long drooping pink blooms they have, were simply wonderful " And such handsome month Mrs Oswell put in "Yes, go on," Katherine shall, not even hearing her " I would give any thing to see it all "Then take your husband take yon don't give him any peace till he does, Mr Oswell continued "Its really an excellent thing to do he added turning again to .Tlierluhtotpullliihlne this work throughout the | color Ira of Aiiotrultitla has been purchased by the proprietors 2A. Arqui Belcher- from Gibraltar-you only stay there a few hours you get on to Genoa " to Genoa Katherine said Skirting the shore -seeing Spain and Marseilles as YOU go by, superb olive woods and orange trees and palms mountains in the background vastly different from these hills I can tell you Oh it is a wonderful place to go to Italy, for the first time I like the sun all places best myself-little places not over done with 1 English people There are a few of them along the cost still 'thought to live in a tomb Mrs Oswell said laughing he delights in being burned Naples and Genoa were all very well, and }oucanptok up all sorts of pretty things at the shops but I couldn't bear those dull little places where the people lived on macaroni and looked 1 at the sea and the mountains all day or went to Mass in the morning and spent their evenings round dun little 1 imps that don t even attract the mosquitoes I don t care for dear dear abroad do you Mr Belcher ' I generally stick to England, he answered But what I he said Mrs Oswell give me Scarborough or even Brighton and a good spin along the King s road behind a pair of horses Much better than these lakes I don t see any fun in sitting cramped up in a little rowing boat Do you, Mrs Belcher Hut Katherine was feeding Dottel who had accompanied them on their honeymoon and did not make any answer Perhaps Dottel was the only come ensuing element in her marriage He was growing bigger though not gentler and the developing saw oneness of his nature was again enjoyment to his master who liked to see people shrink away from him and draw up their toes under them Edward she asked him timidly as they stood by the door together for a few minutes while the Oswells took their nightly wake up and down ' do all like Mrs Oswell' Yes he said with the leisurely air of repletion that always beset him after a meal, she is the sort of woman I do like ' She is very good natured Katherine said gently rather ashamed of not liking her better but I think she is rather vulgar Oh nonsense ! she has plenty of go-men like lively women with lots to say for them such CB Mr Oswell came up the steps Would you cure for a game of billiards I he asked while his wife put out her hand towards Katherine " Come for a little stroll she said " and let our husbands pursue their wicked ways together Katherine descended the steps grateful]) pleased and excited A Ula d Ule with one of her own sex was Y virtually a new experience to her Mrs Oswell took her arm and looked at her in the twilight and felt her heart go out to the slim girl Its such an excellent thing to shunt our men sometimes they like us better when they return Don t you think so she said I had en t had much experience of shunting them yet Katherine answered with a laugh that was almost joyous for Mrs Ostvell even though she were vulgar made her feel light hearted and her manner was so distinctly kindly besides her spirits rose at being free of Mr Belcher even for a quarter of an hour Now tell me how long you have been Madame' Mrs Oswell asked confi leniently on look as if it had been the day before yesterday It was nearly a fortnight ago and was he a widower? Oh no! in surprise "Why?" 1 He looks it I'm glad he wasn't can t torment you with the virtues of his dear departed probably hell find some other way she thought ' Why did you marry) him Were you very much in IOY e I married him Katherine answered reluctantly, because Uncle Robert wished it I think I didn't want to be married so soon ' Never mind its a good thing over There is too much difference in your ages of course but he 'll be all right if you manage him properly Don't let him bully you Oh no Katherine said rather distantl) for she did not want to discuss her marriage with Mrs Oswell I always feel so much for men, Mrs Oswell went on we know so little about them Amano, his age may have had all sorts of troubles Troubles' ' Ohjes you dont know how badly he was jilted when he was twenty four, or that he did t lose a lot of money later on-or that he hasn't been bothered to death by relations or suffered horrible physical pain and said nothing about it. It never seems to occur to women how much history a man may have of which he says nothing at all A womans careers al wit) s known to all her intimate friends and handed on to her acquaintances a man as a rule is only known to himself and perhaps one woman who doesn't appear I wonder if he has suffered things Katherine s and looking out towards the lake and feeling as she did so that Mrs Oswell was pushing open the gate of life a little wider Disagreeable people generally have, and you know my dear he does look disagree able sometimes I say it to reconcile you to it. I always feel as if they were distributing round the knocks they have received themselves But don't let him bully) you He's the sort of man who will if he can look very good tempered, and laugh at him when he begins You always seem to be laughing, Mrs Oswell 'It's such a safeguard against crying You must let me come and see you when you are in town, she added suddenly I wonder what our husbands are doing I hope Mr Belcher will be fired Now that man Mrs B Icher is simply an angel qualifies I I am thankful to Bay by a few of the weaknesses which apparently get worn out in this charming world, so that they are none left for a future our Is it a charming story is Katherine asl c 1 looking up at her with curiosity Delightful! the people uiitaresonice occasionally bores but kind good creatures most of them let that comfort you to reflect upon as the experience of some are a good deal older than yourself There are exceptions of course but it is a wise thing not to believe it or else to think yourself the exception and then ton it through all right I think said Katherine after a minutes past you must be very happy is In very happy Mrs Oswell answered quickly If a woman and the man I highest on earth loves me I am strong and healthy and well and live in it by falling world believing that the people in it ran away towards me and each other and that u things go wrong it is merely an acre d nt And I have the art of being amused is but you are not afraid of-an) thine, Katherine said afraid of betraying too much No dear of nothing and Mrs Oswell gave her companions arm a BJmpathctio pinch My husband is an excellent come I am >n and has never been IIB agreeable for a minute Of course I pretend he lies I w out In t let him know that he _ assist in the ghost of a virtue for the world he d be ashamed of it and try to live it down I'm fila 1 you said that about the world Katherine said not heeding the latter part of Mrs Oswell Speech It makes me keel has pier Happiness is so often merely) the result if one sown waves looking at things Mrs Oswell But while she thought to herself but if you find a way of looking at Mr Belcher and getting any happiness out of it I shall be surprise 1 The Orwells went on to Ambleside to next morning Mrs Oswell took her place on the top of the couch in Ililli spirits and was id to Kiithorlne as they drove aw it A nice woman Mrs Oswell Belcher reported to his wife sort of woman I like I wish you would Earn tobe lively, authoring -he looked round at him with a smile that came and went quickly, like a flash of sunshine on still water. " I'll try to be," she said, as they walked on. "You frighten me Sometimes," she added, " but I want to be happy and to make you so if I can. At any rate, to please you," she added, for it struck her that it would be rather hopeless to try and make so formid- able a person as Mr Belcher hope) I shall let you know if you don't please me," he said with a sardonic smile She looked at him and hesitated before she found courage to put the question that came to her lips " Why did you marry me ?" she asked. " I thought I might as well, there wasn't anyone else to do it, was there ?" he said mockingly. "No," she answered, and they walked along the road in silence for a minute or two. Then she looked up at him as if she were speaking aloud her thoughts. " I've been thinking about it all night," she said gently. " We are married and hate to be together all our lives, but I feel as if I were in one way, and you don't tell me about things that interest you, or ask me about books that I have read, or care to talk about the things we will some day) do. I don't think you like me very much." "Or that you like me very much?" he said. "No," she answered, raising her blue eyes quite truthfully to his unit speaking re- luctantly, " I don't like you much, though I feel I'm bound to you and cannot get away). I'm too much afraid of you but I want to like you. I wish we could be friends and companions like Mr. and Mrs. Oswell." " Well, you see you are not Mrs. Oswell, and I'm not Mr. Oavvell, and that makes a difference. I'm afraid I can't talk senti- ment, Katherine S perhaps I shall when you are ten years older, or someone else will for me. Meanwhile here we are at the hotel. You had better go and walk about in the garden , I have some letters to answer " "I'll go and see Dottel," she said, with a choke in her voice. Nuisance a schoolgirl is," he said to him self ; she hasn't any Hick. If she'd told me to go and be damned I should have liked her." Dottel was safely chained up in the yard, for he was a x visitor not wholly appreciated by the hotel proprietor. She unfastened him, and took him with her up a little pathos) behind the hotel. It led to a wooded knoll, from which there was a splendid view. The buds were showing themselves on the brown trees, and there were little clumps of prim- roses and violets in the underwood. She remembered the one she had tried to prevent Mr. Belcher from seeing in the garden at Shooter's Hill long ago, feeling that it would be a sacrilege for his eyes to rest upon it. And then she thought of her Uncle Robert, who had moved away from the old house by this time into his rooms near the Embankment, and of Susan Barnes away in Somersetshire with her own people, and of Martyr. Poor, Blupid Martyr ' He was lying deep in the muddy Thames half-way between the Old Swan Pier and North Woolwich. She remembered the day when for the last time he had dragged him sell away from the house, with his half-blind eyes and feebly wagging tail, following her uncle and Mr. Belcher, who carried with them two bricks and some string. They had to keep looking back and calling him to prevent his turning home again. Mr. Belcher had insisted on telling her the next time he came how they had taken a little boat, and a man had rowed them out towards North Woolwich, and then they had tied the brickbat round Martyrs neck and the bag on his head, and lifted him over the side of the boat midway across the river. She shuddered and begged him to stop, but he seemed to take a pleasure in her tears, and went on with a malicious laugh that made her angry) even now while she remembered it. She put her arms round a tree trunk and drew up closer to it, and told herself with strange unbelief, as though she doubted it it could be true, that she was married to Mr. Belcher, and had to spend all the years of her life with him. Then the blue lake beneath and the green hills beyond comforted her. The sunshine was sparkling on the water and lighting up the streaks of snow on the mountain tops. " How beautiful it is 1 Oh, how beautiful !" are said to herself, and she stood looking into the distance. " But the whole world seems to be beautiful," she thought, remembering Mr. Oswell's conversation about his travels and her talk with Mrs. Oswell. "I should like to walk all over it- alone. Perhaps some day Edward will be different when I am older-and take me to Italy, only "-and the tears rushed into heroes only, I should like so much better to go alone." CHAPTER IV. "That's over, Mr. Belcher said, "as they took their place in the train at Windermere. " Bather waste of time don't you think so, Katherine-going a honeymoon, eli ? " "I don't know," she answered. "I suppose people always go on one when they're married." "Just as they (do a great many other stupid things. Perhaps we shall get on a little better when we don't have quite so much of each other. I think marriage is rather a mistake, don't you " " She is as silent for a moment Then she looked up as though she had gathered courage to answer. " Sometimes I think life is rather a mis- take , but perhaps that is because I want so many things I have not got, and do not even understand," e " I think you're rather luck). What more do ) or an ant than it has by only e got ? " " I don't know," she said, with a puzzled look. " That's just it, you don't know." " Sometimes I feel as if I were not even inside the world, but only on the edge of it she answered, forgetting for the moment that she was talking to Mr. Belcher, " and not married life, but only in a dream of it." "Been reading novels?" he asked with a little sneer. "No," she answered and put out her hand and touched her for a moment. "Don't laugh at me, rd aid, and let me tell you things, being married gives me a feeling of belonging to you I do so want you to to" "All in good time," he said, and giving her finger a not unfriendly shake, took up his paper. She sat and looked out of a widow for an hour or two, and wondered what the house in Montague place would be like. After all she could not help the instincts of her sex, and she was almost stated, for was she not going to be in London, a married woman, and to be the mistress of a house' She would sit at the land of the table and order the dinner every day) at least, she supposed he. She died rained that everything should be very punctual and dainty. She would make the rooms pretty, she thought, and indulged in some t unions of ( elementary) decorations such as Mr. Barrett had delighted in and her uncle had looked upon with disapproval. The day was closing in when they arrived, and the house looked black in the deepening twilight. Her heart but as she got out of the cab, she felt as if she were treading the future when she entered the doorway). The two servants were waiting in the hull, a sharp faced old one who had been with Mr. Belcher's mother, and a young one who was evidently kept in thorough subjection under her. " Glad to see ) cr ma'am," the old one said " I am Gibson, at your service I'm sure, and this is Plunket," nudging the Someone, "said it she has faults she'll do her best Walk in, su, glad to see You back No, cabman," she cried in a shrill voice , "we don't let any of them people come in Kerosene) mi. boxes. My nephew will do that, lies hire on purpose," and she darted forward, this mail quick like a great, while Katherine entered the diningroom and looked round it wondering!). A fire was blazing, and there is a lamp burning on the sideboard. 'The lamp had no Binnie on it, and the light brought out clearly the colour of the red Rock paper on the walls The table was laid for two, with great spaces of white cloth that made it look desolate, and in the centre was a large old fashioned cruet stand. On the mantelpiece was a big marble clock, and behind it rose up a looking-glass that reached nearly to the I ceiling The room was ugly, there was no attempt at decorations, and few signs that it was even lived in Yet it was fairly comfortable and solid looking a certain sense of silent dignity hung about it in spite of the red (lock paper Katherine thought of the trees of Severn droop and the scrubs the gorse and blackberry bushes and the garden of the White house-the) had all gone out of her his Then she looked round the room in which she stood 1 awaits and felt that it might come tofeelhkrihomeif only thehumanbeings who ruled her would have it so She caught in the glass the reflection of her own since there was a smile upon it for life is a wonderful thing with its fascinations and promises, and the great silence that we call the future before us, and she was young and curious Mr Belcher followed her into the room, and went towards a heap of letters he had not noticed on the sideboard He opened one and began to read it Oh, she exclaimed joyfully, and went quickly to his side, perhaps there are Borne for me ' "There are, he answered, "I am reading one from your uncle " Hush the written to me'" " Yes, I am reading it She looked at him in silence, surely there was some mistake She took up the envelope , it was directed to her. She put her hand on the other letters, and picked out two also directed to her Please let me open them," she said, gently You may open those," he nodded , " I wanted to see what your uncle said He looked up for a moment and saw her face " A man has a right to open his wife a letters, he said " but she must not open his-) you understand " I do so like opening them myself," she pleaded " I may so like opening them myself, and shall if it suits me, he laughed-the safe little laugh of a tyrant There there is your litter, I've done with it The oil fool has been writing to Australia, a brilliant idea has occurred to him that Prichard may have married and left some children I hope he didn't it would make a good deal of difference to us Who is that from-" he asked, looking at a letter in her hand ' 'Susan' Oh the old woman who could manage to die even with the help of a three months illness I don't want to read her letters What do you think of the house' It belonged to Taylor, the stock broker, but he couldn't afford it after the crash in the American railways some years ago, SO I got it pretty cheaply rather a good stroke of business you had better go upstairs and take off your things, he said, with the quiet masterful manner that directed her every movement "I wrote and ordered dinner yesterday so I suppose it is nearly ready Harriet will show you the way up, and he rang the bell 'Then Harriet appeared with a flat candle stick and conducted Katherine up the desolate stone staircase 