T/in. asual- monthly Committee meeting of tlieJ llaU-holiday Association was held last Monday" niebt'. Twelve members were prs- 0Ht,'llK'W. Peak (Vice- president) occnpyiug tbch'aiK The balance sheet of the late con- IWt-WUH nUUQIUlcU LO LilU UlvCllUg, &DU; WJUH eu oi- satisfactory' eurplae. The AaHociatioo Tennis Clab was reported an flourishing. Its Committee- handed over £3 to the general fbnd! towards initial expenses. Various ac- oonntk amounting to J&t; 14s. 10d. were passed for1 payment'. A-proposition of Mr. W. Cato'a tnatthe Seorotary, Mr. W. Day, be presented vrttbii trophy o» »- token of esteem for bis wrrvtoeif. wan unsaiaonsly agreed to, Mr. W. betig'depnted to proenro same. A vote qf-ttanka to the Chairman tenniaated the pro- i owutogsi- The meetiog of the Worker' Association convened for last sight is the Chorch Institnte fell throngb for wast of a enema. It was therefore adjourned until Tcsr»dy week sext at 8 o'clock la the Belletr<«t Hall, Mb. J. Edwabds. the Americas Anctiosgfr, will open is Toowoomba, in the Afesez&tly; Booms, this evening. He is accompanied by a number of clever entertainer, who provide quite a novel entertainaw&t.; Admirion is free. Kill particulars will be found is our bnsinets columns. We learn from' 3reesra. IE Sinclair and CoM the local agents, that the New Zealand Js- oraneo Company, £0 long sad favorably kzow& on the Downs and throughout Queens land, have declared their nsnal half-yearly dividend of 124 p/r cent, ft significant eigs tbit in spite of hard times the company it will holding its own. Tias afternoon the first fours of the tow wooinba and Half-Holiday Polo Cinbs meet oo the Polo Grounds, Newtown. The teams art J: — Tcowoomba — Mesera. J. Tajlor fcautaio). E. J. Godsall, W. Barclay, and A. H'Phie.' Half-Holiday— Messrs. 3. White (cai tain). IV. Peak. J. Hen tier, and B. White. AdnUaloa will be free, and the game is to start at 3 o'clock, 11 JLtoCB Lade A Co. Highland whisky 8 yecrs in wood can be supplied in bulk or cae by toeir agents, Perkins A Co., Ltd., Bris bane. 'TTtfi faexksa and storekeepers are informed that the produce agency business of Meters, Bpajlj, Meyer, and Co., is now carried on by their late salesman, Mr. D. IL Giulfoyl. la retiriog from bn«tne-s Jleeers. Spark. Meyer, and 1 to. state : — " Wo can recommend Mr. D. H. fl iilfoyld as a trustworthy and tboroogl dy bon'tbleman. Heho had twenty- fire years experience of the produoe agency bcemess, and b one of the best judges of produce in Quctnland." aUVondebkcl Fezyorxxxcz.— Amount placed in oar hands for collection daring this half j tar was £4600, out of which we have collated £2278 lis. 4d., while folly another £600 m arranged for and being paid is instal ment!. Nearly all these accounts creditors themt4res could not collect, and in the fooe of tV present unequalled depression tins is witbcctdoobt a wondorfal performance, and rtsmph G. F. sims and Co., as the Premier Debt Collectors of the colony. 759A At <ha installation meeting of the D. D, Masons. Lodge, B.C., last evening a Poet Master's Jewel was preseated to the retiring hlastor. Bro. Tolmie. The jewel is a gem of exquisite workmanship, and reflects much credit eu the manufacturer, Mr. H. Walker. The design is new bat most appropriate. On the reverse side is the inscription— "Pre sented to Bro. Jsmes Tolmie, P.M., by the brothers of the Darling Downs Lodge No. 775, 8.G.,an mark of esteem, on his leaving the chair, 23th J tine, 169L" am fine a sample of potatoes as we have eeeo for many years post was left at this office yesterday afternoon. These were grown on Mr-Jobn Fiteb a farm on the Plainby hills, and ore of the Van Hnuton variety, which is a speeie of blueikin. Finer looking, larger, or healthier tubers it would be difficult to find. The six left at our office weighed conrideuM y over 71b. They were planted at the latter end of Febrnary, the seed being obtained from Mr. Johns Beer, of Douglas, formerly of Buthren- street south. We congratulate Mr- Fitch on the pleating testimony he affords of the district's capabilities io the way of pro ducing splendid potatoes. We are informed that the prospects of faeces for the Dog, Poultry, Pigeon, and Pony Shew, to be held on July 11th, under toe auspices of the D. and T. A. and H. Society atereryenconragiog. The Secretary, Mr. H. Svmes. reports that something over 150 entria in the several tectloos of the Show schedule live been already made. Brisbane, Ipswich, Warwick, anil other places, outride the Toowoomba district, being well repre sented in sach entries, to that our local breeders ted fanciers will certainly not hare it all their own way. Taking altogether with fine weather; there is little doubt that this first show cf the sort will not be the laet held here in the came connection. A pai xyol revelation comes from Briebane this week. In making the ordinary audit at the Public Lands Office io Tbnrduy morning, the officers engaged in the work stked the accountant. Ir. D. D. Hacsimann, to produce his cash. On this bciog done it was found, to it is stated, that there was a deficiency, and ; on the matter being reported to the Minister, action was taken which led to the suepenrion ; of Mr- Hants maun pending a rigid inreetiga- tion"%f the ocwunte. Untiltbisbssbeendone itUimpouibletosaybovrfarMr. Hausemass it involved, but according to the calculations of theanditori the cash is about iy/J short- Mr. Hausso&nn; is a very old Government servant, having been first appointed in November. L&2». Threeyearsl&torbecbtoin;&d; the position of accountant to the Pcbtic Land#, for which he received s salary of J£475 per annum- During Thursday the audit officers were busy with his books. It it expected that thrir iamts will occupy ewers! days, sot- withstanding that all the available staff has been put on. The security held by the Gorern- msntii stated at £5W, Mu. IT, S. GJW, JfcJLX, Ufa Ry t& mail train auMt a fijiki <un » .Unet uuxt bv SfoU- honrne. He oriU w .ubumft ofjri'ic cfivyx Vjz here 3m6 ,a snwtt xfiwmiv rtfiiwt jpr f:u Cftn weBtbta' during She Ucift 5tw .ticy rrftJow rtuv Kinoora wtru«pundmtt twidurdlwcotftfltf 25cH io«iantl. the iCtmnge inimr frnmi iu R>«jp spcttl cf frt ft io ,U r«-vjirt»W giauiCilU; gvviv ruirf athitif xsuhes having iblkm am KUnvuifiiyv PriH h.y> and bainrdsy 3o«t- As 23 iv fiRcimer fi avw ofinnE comjfiutod £bmr wheut tnmfog on dhnfiitiiw lae ruin csni he onwt vwdumiDe- Th# many friends Mr. (CHmc. Kriiuw wflU ragrat tv hear he has not wfisb r«vj painfaC awndeut, hwitur had » omtr (UH fmmi Euv hormone (dIlafdw9(Qfinflto»pengff»»fngr xao«t iavcs&j; stow, Autxoxo (TOunhittee ftme Bmm Cnmwid fee the purppeemf toogjjiear <nct Cfi# Anitmtil KtlT and<ChUdsfaf<e<Cstfanwll anufiflrtffiahf and a loeeting was SnQd xt sfcr ChUv 1 6oteC cm Thursday o»5t«wKH>u to mnlke xsrxttg&rtnmt; Hie IVorwtup She S&trvr; rtwnufiiffi tiw cliitfr- It was demdfifl to finhfl fShv ltiw Kali nw tfin I ilod. a.nd the Cbfidwn/ CanttWfl cm 6ft < ;Vrrf of AtircM. the ycfoot <id Afimwrnne fro ftie tfto- auiv ue 3aat yimr. Ulhe vmriwns anlhrtfim> mitt««swtse .ed»jnfi«teth £s flr»an»wjCvorf to ftcusiurahcrinf Uadiye why i io the OTprmvmt to fsvm a emmnvs&iie; tr» \ manage the rcfrwAroimritv jnnd aSae to maku- the-UBUfcl arranrenmute fur fil«e wmmufl rngftt- J4 ie ttriicyjatou tiust fiftieae rficiwnw wiBI ftriwig in a rcbtAautitJ ,«nm tu She fiuxrfo of tftt HoiqiHuL tux htlf-yfeurir unetfrnr rttf clh?Kw.innHfi'<inf Voiye. %o, $Wwtp nff Aunwun®, washiildinthe dCtflWV Hillhnn) W«rthrt«»- dar evening dwd- The WOJfL, fern- J.Chnevmn. OOCUtlied L OMVO (mwliM,/ hntureowfffvjirefinwt. JiftwcTu? C/irfiyry fimf .Wonopwiod in the mwuvll way fty tTue W.S( one mew m«mi»w woe ««» four projrtwed Sot ito«nfinrfinp- Tli«e sfimanm of offioerefou-nenhigltitfrni W nn-rt ptcvwrf.u with, and tbefofllvwinrswine ' W.M., J- Ifwej I/XC. IL PSuftds frn'-foaifTi; L'hasdein. J, Sf&en; vE-.. fi£. CMUb; J,Ey J. Fxedhra --ga-dlftutodj j W, Wfaftmw&j; 0.<s.. P. "Munter u f3nxtrft C- W«w (rs> electodjs Treanuwr,. WL 5femw? pntr- T he total enni paid is (dirung £h$ msxs% smomatof to £31 LtJf. fGd. A xzmxo orathiflS <ov Wftfinwtfoy iflr- xrnnn ioefc ,«t she Sjbiwn BSwSrteyv em efect trnniowand hnTtding onrnrnfitftw n8ennuim> t»an with She .py«.rii iw.w £ iwtver ffoinw, Tbe Chairman dlAr. £Sla«i)J adtforfi r.tu ftrtfiuTf of Mr- iCrnioe. oibncUha'ttrfom, wfto> w «vn> uvpidtlOy Ahwart mt fownnewi & n thathe woe «trwnj5y pjrvmrfl to she maw a fat vesting in she iCkwjpuswfcrtro of $ fywit. After eowideralfle <di»i«wwfom sftiln ufiew wtu ttnanimonriy.adnj'todAyfihe fln«tSnu ,»mf tftrr Hector »nd K- flA Ifi-uflg+oni etui TRrvr. Anderson were Rented ftneh Arf C«we<w amd builuing aftamfibto, « nfl dsrShteawid Co faro the traudfer aoade <out feu tfihiw- owro mumw, waing the aute and (detHhig urish eft ptime < IVr isane tiu» mwsfinr <onr nwmJ SfivinnSsy ciglTt-jiage peptr lousdcfoung '%% ootsseea of reading sostter. ftbJ omr £fch pitgw wfll fa found the of mrr iMjru>8 Sitiie, "The Byuctteiria <jnnmwn>«l(f f» onrMine nd AyriU JSUd TfttesimuepngM-afay contolne a rtnroodcte lUfle, ssfl&foifl; fl'fcvllmm ad tigfr." (laorpwejxshfvnid wrnthi ptip will he found ewme foftonwtmgr uotto-e ojv tfa Borraba Murder TtitlL fikwaRpowtdHWie,, An> find Bftport. <«lf . Higuficlde IfoitkmtS fSoerf troioCmiR. srvrtrti! items by fofiegrasjlh, Cnunonnuti! iwwr, itnri eu variety <rthw utrt<reHti»g mnCtsr, f)ft o\rr eighth page will the fwund sturmimtil rnuSofosonc ri' HonetfaCd Hants/' mnd «nuie rosy rwu- «.Ve erlitdes,, tpariitufierCy r.me wfiwft uiro tfa jnstificatinn of Km3 Sfon»y# She Ajtrrc&isC;, aiuf which will he geadwushoniemfonArRtSsrsaC sow xs view of She .ietwtfnismffoniof Prasufoat Conral. La«t aught xt £V67 Svr Efofart Duff, Gorcriw of C%w /ioclh WaSs, a4 lis sots arrived far uperiri 6«iu fcu# Wxlftwaarra,. and were met at (the Toioronmfa fowway Htation hy Mx. VrtMr, SCtptvr of Jfoetlv Briebane, and Mr- A. JUasuw,, 'iteyor of Too woouiho. The Hctfor W4fic.m«f5 «7r ffo&ort; Duff to Tovwopuibo. The (Orto- nntrtr of JTsw .South ct«i4 tiiivt fi<e ftmd act been able to w«e the IDariuyr E»H'.u«ie feyfiiT- ligiit. hut Lvjrffd oma fictvx? (owjwfonj to fa able to do o. The j'lriywrfw&ltnm; rtoflffivotorf to H«ioetV# Qowni'e Sfori!) wft.ryw ftvr Kofart ictende etaying. Tfay Hear fotr Brwbaor by epemel treiu at >#) mxl. &oid;«y- A uponuu train, «ocve?ior 4ihe E'mnwv; the Major of Brisbane. .nd SC-vterr, Mtdfiuwow aovi THititoav arnvfcd h»re yesterday for the parpouy of meeting >£r Sivbwt fief. Luiyr sjuJ Mia Duff w«r« amnngat «he jpwjwmjrirewfa omredatBmtftmneyiiteKdqr mocuingr P.y tfa sdeamtw Cictra Cram fafbiy- Txx fdllowAPg fletitnr «sp»tss»cd foiTnhvra'fo.yV BmbaneT-&l;.y/3Jvadd«eM«fid fcoefaWficor; — 1'vu h&ve; Lees mood omnnrh to c.py sfa portion <if my ipeeu'u to nty onu«CiSwat« wftfoh referred to Jhe Sawjaeed rani frr.nu piwfoval _ !»&»»>. litrt Ariir .'4 — Charges fa Mr- Wr- fL fmonu.' Wrli yea allow me to .eayfhut f snadv mvornunr'- I commented upon, awid r&fl; (Wt«oitr fronvtfa evidence, yjr+s ftrffore 6he famd Bfand a( BlacktU. and snhhed a> eafouary fin 6ft o- Ffoclr- hamptos iiujitiZ#, frtus wftroh joxrnutS I quoted. The HvlUfJn, wvffti efa otrtsrprww -hick iimarautemses fftntf promt!, Mg&rspor-; far« -direct to B3tdk5h omd paftjatfarf tfa whole of the-evSdnoee toisoj (wvfaf7»sfor«rtdl ag»:nrtlh« reejjnasetumdotf 17runw. Tftitft evidence I .yuutod from, «id commouiorf erpom It. I wish 31 nwewftsmd aftttfid nod fa — youraohediimtiy, V- 5L Gftw. Wg save reevr-ed 2he pesvacunir for tftc Open Lavs Ttauus Tiourmtoioad, amfor tfa managemestof she Quew«ftand Jlrawni T«m> Asaomotios. wiuifti fs to tthe oficow ivt tho- Kxhibhios Groimd «t Bosom Part, BriUftano-, oomtnesrisg <on Saturday, JaTy (JPtcfc tad At tending to. ri&tnrdsy;, Jfagnuc -fCfiu Tfa pro gramme Z vCi srtB&d;\+ aand onotprfafis sfgftt erects, three for fafow. Saro for Mtafoamtv, lvoforaJfi«tmier,and<ftueforpwwr, Tfa entrance fee of al Annntdntors mnnt fa pud to the BomaeiuxdaMr-fiLCoifalVfEA/v. en or Toriore Z pan-, TTednwdey. tfa 25th J uly, at vhiih hour ectries rt&we.; Tfawfmwr of the ATI Gomnrtf IfajgJw wS3 faissIIetS onotv to play Mr, 3L Hxtta m for Che Lvwra Tsnute <hatcpioimBp «f Queem&tipd;, tfa rftxftt to hold forouw ywr tfa AAetouetfow &2tor CfaL lesge Cnn. Tolne £ii $2&, Tfa wratuer of tfa Ladies' Ail ©KMWSvf Snxdes wrEJ fa owllAtl opom to play Miea M, Taydtr f'rSfaLnfiosV Lw® Ten use Champiomfap of Quewrawwf, and the right to hold for o®e yew the Anwcvotiom Hirer Challenge Cs. Hn Hzsfjtr Ftzzzafx opfofom om land polities «nd 35r Tfauuas MTfw/aftfu fo icteriding. In tfa <oovra# of am nstarsfow with Mr. G. W. Sfekh, tfa Sfa<f say saprwiATV- tatire vf She Brhfbane te+wrr, tut Xtsadxy, J the following (OosTerwtl&u; f can't .understand New ftosSfti Wales poCTtPurf" I redured to getsssk. "Cw't yowl"' sand Hr Hesuy.wslhata. " WsfJ, I <fow't pnv poee to ecSghtim ys. DKoft rend tfa paperr, however. Bdhties « wesfii tfami a rawatiSy not a -quality. Mow, f «m't, tnuforatainf Queemria&d; sk&Uuk; fedxtd,fcwtnbtfcrttrv mochiae- iutde — turned oust to ovifor to fooe, when she (mortgage Art«npM»w«nird ftwafatowcfe the spring. Itisanotttexteaoridtotry, fftrr Thomas M'flwrriSh as stroag a ruv<v mv ft %x eaid P> her" But I was nvt&o; fa drawn, and he eoctismed after a 1 "Kr Tftouvw M'UvrJCth 5s a yommg ptfetwisaB!. If fa o»Jy -oome to She front tfa« ft«t tm or llf&wiv; years. He 5s of tfa aew sofaofl, afa tfa df dples of the new edhvA as farf to- jtmfor- eUmdL J -was 5s Q.nwffi>fl««rd to 1%V, #md ft«7 xwt faeo there «noe. Tsw,f sfioatdljfatvgio again; But there -Menue to fa ary fovmorfutt chenoe of d%»g eo." >Vg ririted tfa Downs euitt ftoeoe yssfor- day, and from what w aaw we eftfofc Mr. 8im« deaerres sredit for Ex« (frnd-oarors to revive a Ind wit<7 that bcmE eysnt rutfty prove a benefit to ti as dfarid- ffawtitow, esre, andattesfioswereapparesdeverowfave. We aaw green xuslt oo tfa Svsr wftwdu was ef-eio and #we t, and tyoAZttd to fa well grown. On She kiln floor afaut P P faufal were rf ey ing off at a smpfcratvr> of afaat I7(>s,and it -emHtod a very aiea«t«t and fecgraAt orom- On totisg it we found B or5<p>, w4».t and it hod tfa nice, hieerity flvror whicfe ftrswers alvajslo'.'k for 5c good mtJ4. Jfr. ftvitti fa-s about W hofads ready for tfa ftrewor. Tft Meaws- Berkhw A Co. in Brwfam«ndTm>' woomfa, and not emosgSi atwSd fa fat— avfoflr to the want of fasdty— to ennf reyrircmento. Tiusyor tfa fSoans Brewery Bos fane twiag Mr. Hms maH sraoe Jammxsy with gA&f; results, and from wfa£ we maw w« food oMtsrsd that the T-oowooofa scaTt erif! «oiwpar f«7or- ably with molt suede <s tfpac prevents as gwng fsrifar oo tfa saMent to this issue; we Lope to rrttsro to it w tfa future. Tifg annual insta-TtfioD of tfa cdbrr of tfa Porting Downs Ma»o«5e Lode took place iu tfa Mawafiv HeU East glgfts. Tfaro was a very large attendance of tfa memfar of the Lodge and eiriting fcrotftrws, Tfa following offitxrs were |n»trilrd fty Wor- Bro. P.M. spiers, Bro. P.M. Miifaa nrticg as d.Vs- tor of ccremosaess— Bro. Btrr»tow, WJft; Bro. J. Tofocie. I.P.M, v Bro.X&M;>, V.p.M,; Bro. Casper, ; Bro. Aaaaiuf, tV.B.W. ; Bro. TrusdalU', Bro- P.M. Ifotvwfok, Twtwrj Bro. P.M.>fefor,S6wr«t«syj Bro, W. Duttos, organist; Bro, Mauaatay, H V.', Bro. Knae. J.D; Bro. Cfcrfato, Dft; Bro. IVtlies, Hi.; Bro. Brtxfor, JAj Bro, Walters, G/7. Atsfaoouetoifom of tfa cer- oony a tenjeet wo ftetd, prepared to encellest styde ty Bro. Lamb, at wftick a eery large nu-ufar of tfa bntkms tat down. Tne nasal foyx! and Kanak toasts were duly hoooMrf, In iwogectfon with tfa above w may state that at tfa totivftotioa.of Bro.Jcin Anderros as worsft- rpfol master of the Bobert Bums fodge to Sydney orsTtre-f -ay eresing lt>d a pleasant -departore was toad in ihe custom of Sfa eraft— » cv.-r.far of tidies being invited to sfa baQond evpper, Tfa pro ceedings from find to (set were of a mot auoofcstfnl cater. TfanersStof tfaevettog' esterfatoawt will, we fapae,profably fa the odciasiunef ifafairrox to tfa social gather- ista <f ctfar lodge!. tbe LfedbsM fldsus for this afforsoos is Gordon y; to enssssscw at p.s/ 4432 Wz Bavo rocsirod from Motsra. R. Harper & Co. a nnmplo of their famous Rupee toa, and Solf-raising Flonr- The former is a ftfontf of choice ladia-Ceylon and othor puro too, m ASoallont in fiavor, and altogether is a : tea that wo can strongly recommend. Tho I merits of tho solf-raising flonr aro too weir known to need commendation. Mr. Butcher i the local representative of Messrs. K. Harper A Co. Srit FfmvitY farkkh hoa a very high opinion of tft Ffon. fames Tyson, M.L C. In the conrae- of an interview with the Sydney repre sentative of the Courier on Sunday lost, the feivfiny politicians of Qnconaland wero die- cnaeedrand9ir Henry interpolated his opin ion: of Mr. James Tyson : " I seo bo has gono mto politics. It was a surprise to mo when I reornt that he had accepted a seat in tho Cppnr f fonso to Qaeonshnd. A seat in tho Council hero has frequently horn offered to ftim-and always declined. Mr. Tyson is one of my oldest friends. When t kept a small warohonns in York-street, very many years ogtv. ho nssd to como and have a chat with mo, and a mutton chop. Ho was agreattaikor, and wrnilVf give me his opinion on geology, monr especfally in its relation to tho constitu ent elements of the soils to bo found in various parts of the colony. Mr. Tyson Is n great reader, and a man who discriminates. Ho need tocoTUirto me and get a list of useful hooks, which ho wonld then immediately pnrchaso. He- knows mors of Darwin's works than prob- oftfy any man in Aostralia. No msn, I think, to moro mfsnnderstood than Mr. Tyson. Ho toaa entfref? nnselflsh man. simple to heart, and pure to life. Why he went into politics is % mystery which I cannot solve." Jf, Aal ewky, a rich Polish landed proprietor, wfiivdtod to the provincoof Tanrida in March, . r.hasjnsthften pnblishedatSt. Pater«hnrg. : Tho-prnpftfty left by the deceased was valuod ; at 100,900 nobles, and his will was enclosed in : aw envelope hearing tho words M To ho opened ' after my death." On this envelopo being opened the executors found a second envelope ow which was written " To bo oponeil six weeks after my death." The stipulated time having ! elapsed tho second envelopo was opened, and : a third was fonnd with tho words " To bo ! opened a year after my death." At tho ond loftfayeara fourth envelopo was discovered which was to be opened two years after tho ; death of tho deceased. This continocd for iivo ! years, and when, at lengthen 1891, tho aotual will was read it was found to bo as occontrio ; fw Its dispORitfons as In tho directions attach- : tog to its opening. Tho toatator bequeathed ; half of his fortune to such ono of his heirs an j has tho greatest nnmher of childron. Tho rest of his money ho directed to ho placed in a bank andyatthe end of ahnndred years, distributed with th<t accnmnfatcd interest among tho des- cenrfants of tho testator. Tho heirs of tho deceased, howover, have taken proceedings to test the- legality of tho will, on tho ground that If. Za leaky was not in sound disposing mtod. Tsrit Pittsworth Hand of Hopo gathering of Tuesday evening last (writes onr correspon dent)' was large, and was under tho control of I Mr. Dome, Circuit Evangelist An " Open- i tog Ptoco " was recited by Jno. Mann. Ash- | toy Cbddey'a commiseration for tho " Rooling ! CTustoraer'r followod. Miss A. Addicott ex- ! hortsd "Do Yoor Best"; and "Oivo My : favo" was snog by Miss Evans. MUs Beck ! appealed through "So Tired." Tho fato of i "tTncle Bon" was impressed by Pat Ballin- gcr, Mr, .Took contributed " The Song that Beached My Heart." Miss F. Lncas ex pressed compassion for tho " Friendless." "For Mother's Sake" was givon by Misses Willows and Addicott. t Almost Ruined," a dialogue by fonr, ensued. Jae. Mann pithily totrodaced " Mr. T." " Tho Match Girl " : engrossed Mies A. Bellinger's attention. Miss F, Stnmm and Percy Uargott sabmittcd tho- dnot, "Tonch Those Chnrde." Viae A. MTntosh reminded that "Thero's Always Dangar." Mr. Miller selected " Anchored." ; Give ns Joy," an entreaty by Miss Harding, was succeeded by the reproof A " Tho Fooliah Kat," by Miss L. Willows. Mr. C. G. As&mead; rendered a violin seleotion. accom- i panietl by the organ (Miss Caskie). Five girls ! appeared to "" A Girls' Conference." Miss M. Morrison exposed " The Back Door." Albert : Carrey deplored tho last hours of one " Found Dead." Mr, Doran filed a trno bill agaioBt che "Demon Drink," Eight members en gaged to a dialogue. Miss Padget presided at the organ. Ten signatures were obtained. : ld». Id. was added to the funds. I far breaking np for their wiotor holidays on | Tftaraday last, the teachers and children of i the- Glenvale school (writes a correspondent) ! gave an entertainment to their parents and ! friends. Admission was by invitation, and : despite- the cold night tho schoolroom was \- crowded to the door. The ontortainment con- . stated of choruses, songs, recitations, and a . farce-, the whole programme being carried out i by the school children. Aftora few introduc- ; tory remarks bythe Head Teacher, tho bnai- ; nessof the evening began with a 1 Gavotto 'on ; the harmonium by Mrs. Borrowman. Then followed the chornea and recitations. All did their parts well, the notion soags of tho Junior chiforon giving great pleasure judging from the laughter, tho applaiioo, and tho encores. Tbe gems of the evening woro tbo comic songs in character: "That's tho way -to the Zoo," by W. Sheprard; and "Tho ; Chinese Parasol," by P. Mutxe ; the comio lecture: on "Ghosts," by .T, Lyons; and tho ( recitations, "The Twins," by G. Erbachor ; and"The Frenchman and tho Flea Powder," j by P. Mat. Tbe first oart of the programme ! concluded with a laughable farce, " Grand- : m udder's Gho9t," in which J. Lyons as : A untie.S. Cox as .Tim, T. Loo as Harry, and i F, Lew w as Sam, did their rospective parts as I if to the manner born. As a treat to tho ; children, a large number of colored and photographic views were shown in tho magio lantern. Amongst those worthy of mention where photos of Sir If. Norman, Hon. W. II. | WiTdon, Minister for Education, Mr. J. G., : Anderson, tinder Secretary, and Mr. D. Ewart, : General Inspector, Education Department; ! the School Committee tho Teachors, and aoyerai and Queensland views. About ten o'clock tho evening's enjoyment, so far as tho yonnger members were concerned, came to a close, and they with their parents departed to tlioir homes. The room was then cleared, and tho i young ladles and gentlemen prcsont finished off with one of the pleasantesfc and moat agree able- <fonces ever held in the schoolroom. Mr. ; Warneke- acted as H.C. in a vory efllciont ! SevEKAr. Important cases, and one proscnt- i fn«r peculiar features, were (says the Lockyor \Hlar ofTaesday) dispnecd of at tho Gatton : Police Court on Monday by the Police Magis trate, agisted by Messrs. Crotty, Wiggins, and Vanneck, ds.P. W. O'Connor was charged by C. Trvhorn with nsiog obscene tmguige on the Ma Ma Creek road, anil ho wa-t fined Km,, with I3i. fid. cost, and £2 2s. | professional costs. In this cao Mr- Alurrny appeared for complainant and Mr. R. G. Wonderiy (Hamilton and Wonder!?) forth© defendant. Denis Heal?, a well-known resident of Helidou, was charged with forging and uttering a cheque. The oiTenco was peculiar one, he bring charged with signing tho name of on George Turner on tho back of a choqno drawn by H.and J.Howes in favoor of Turnor, without the latter'n knowledgo or consent. Cbnetubl Jennings, of Helidon, conducted the-caa,and Mr. J. Murray defended. Con- elderabl evidence was taken, which showed that Turner had sold pigs to Mossrs. Howes, of Warwick, and that Heal? had got tho : cheque for Turner, which was mado payable , to " order," and hod signed Turner's name thereto, Healy was a buyer of pigs for Messrs. Howes at Helidon, and Tamer had 1 sold tfa pigs through him. In order to get legal advice on the case, the Bench committed tfa accused. The case is a very noouliar one, a there was no attempt to defraau, but moroty the use mail of the cboquo, Healy having paid Tamer to cash. The samo accnsnd waa also oharsred with the larcony of a cheqno drawn by the same firm to favor of A. Elloridgo. Accused received the letter's cheque for pigs sold, but never gave It, giving his own instead some time after, which was dishonored. Accrued was committed for trial in Toowoomba on 23rd Jntynext. I'at Coyne was fined 20<»., with £2 ft, costs, for assaulting bailiff J. San key at Jones's farm, Ma MaCreek. Cut.U)C!t Lade A Co.'s whisky. Tho most pronounced to flavor of all whiskios. 3720 Tire (renerallv vAlI.lntoFmnrl Lnndnn Torres. pondent of the Townsville Jhtllelin writos under date May the 4th " Sir Thomas M'Ifwraith has been exceptionally reticent during his visit to London. Two interviews with him appeared in tbe evening papers, and these were mad np from two or three casual remark he let drop. Tho dinner to Sir Thomas owed its origin to the initiativo of Mr, Philip Mennell. tho oditor of tho British Austrafatuin, the idea was suggested to Mr. ' Charles Bawson. and by hire executed in his : usual workmanlike manner. I mention these matters jast to argno that it is rathqr hard for people to do their level best for a%ublio 1 maa and got no recognition, not oven being ; allowed to have a low words with bim on 'leaving to find out whet ho has to say on : thfafpf in general, if he declines to enter into i particulars. I asked Mr. Dutton, tho Private Secretary of Sir Thomas, to see if ho, could arrange that I should have an iotorviow with the latter before be left London ; ho promised, but wrote the day before they left that he had not succeeded— Sir Thomas says ho hasab- solutely nothingto communicate, and that tho Interview wnnld, tfareforo.'bo wasto of timo for both parties.' When I have had tho ploa- sure of seeing other Queensland publio men over here I have fonnd that they wore always ready to exchange views on colonial questions of current interest, where they recognised that the interviewer had any locus standi. It is quite likely that Sir. Thomas has not been sncces<fal in hi projects, and that, therefore, fa returns to the colonics in not the pleasant- est of tempers. As he has told no one belong ing to the Press of his movements, no authentic records are on hand." New Boots and New Shoes.— p-firid has just landed, ex mailrstgsffic>— new and choice lot t>Z-,boaZ and shoes, which will faaold at vevyTosr prices for cash. Tho sale Is stfll in foil awing. All who have purchased foods darjog his sole can testify that the price are very low, and tbe goods o»" first- class quality. Corns acd inspect, and you will purchase. 4J1U The London Timra pnbliihos tho Treasury returns showing tho total amonnt paid to tho Crown Lawyors during the year 1893. Those returns aro proparod annually and laid before Parliament, so that tho peoplo of England are kept in touch with tuo amount paid as Crown fooa to tho high legal tunotionaries of England, Troland, and Scotland. Tho Crown Law Offices of Groat Britain aro the legal prizes fought for by tho profession, and souio idea of tho omolnuoots of thoso oflloos may bo gathered from tho returns. Tho Attornoy-Gonorul for England, Sir Charles Russell, in 1893, roeoivod in Crown fooa £20,235— £7000 roproaonting salary, £12,035 fooa for sorvicos rondorcd to tho Crown in contentions business, inoluding tho Bohring Sea Arbitration, and £000 bring provision for olorks. Tho SoUoitor-Genoral for Englaod roeoivod £10,500— £3900 of which represents foes for sorvicos rondorcd to tho Crown in contentious business, aud £000 boing pro vided for clorks. Tho Lord Advocato for Scotland roeoivod £1143, tho SoKcitor-Gonoral for Scotland £1400, tho Attornoy-Gonoral for Iroland £5S0S, and tho SoHcitor-Gonoral for Ireland £2543. Tho privato profossionai in- como of Sir Charles Ruseall for 1893 oxcoedod £10,000, so that in that year ho roooivod from his profosaion ovor £30,000. Til r. compl jmontary bonefit conoort tendered to Miss Nollio Harland by sovoral lady and gontlomon amateurs of Toowoomba took plaoo in tho Assembly Itooms last Thursday ovoniug, and tho popularity of tho bauMlaiaro was manifested by tho vory largo attondanoo. Tho prograromo was a longthy ono, but was carriod out io a vory Batiafaotory manner. Tho various numbers woro well roeoivod, and in ovory res- peot tho bonofit wns n buocrrr. MIhh Nnllio Harland sang two ballads, " Mona " and "Tho Lottor in my droain," iu her usual finished mnnnor. Hor vory fino voloo found full ox- prcsHion in tho two ballads, and sho was tfto recipient of an encoro for "Mona." Mrs. Clinstlo, who was in oxcellcnt voioo, sang very sweetly. "Looking Uaak,n aud at its conclusion wan loudly applauded. In tho Scotch song, "Tho Bonnie Banks of Looh Looiond," sho lso appoarod to groat odvan- togo. Tho song, " Then You'll Itemombor Mo, was boautifully rondnrod by IMian L. Looh, whilo Mis Moudio Loouard roooivod ipiito an ovation in hor two songs, " Tho Boys and tho Girln," ond " Rock-a-byo Haby." Littlo Miss Mary MoUugh achieved an un rtoniabto snoccss in hor eorio comio song, " My Littlo Slato," whioh evokad roarn of laughter. Sir. Ernest Loouard gavo o humor ous rooitotion whioh oroated rounds of laughtor. Mr. C. Wood, who was in oxcollnnt voice, sang " Tho Rod Coll," and "I Fear No Foe." Mr. E. J. Godsall was quito at homo in tho doflariptivo song, "Tho Bridgo," and wns loudly applauded ut tho oonolusion of his comic song, " I'm Anothor." Mr. Bob Elliott ?.av comic song, " Tho Waiter," and Mr. E. J. Dann Bang " Tbo Scout." Mr. T. McKay danced in excellent timo a olog danco ami Bailor's hornpipe. Alias Nellio Harland and Mr._ Ernest Leonard intonsoly amused the audience in tho society skotoh, " Is murriaco afotlurol-" Lav proaohor8 aro gotting foshionablo. To morrow morning Sir Goorgo Dibbu wan to hovo proacliod in tho Tumworth Baptist Church on " Tho Influanco of Protection on Chris tianity," and wo prosmno that tho Now South Wales Promior would havo onlargod upon "duties" in connootion thorowith. In tho ovoning tho Baptist Ministor, who happens i .\j uv i» i- iuo-triMior, wan io novo repuou to Sir Goorgo, but tbo Baptist Union havo stopped in and forbiddau tho wholo affair. This rominds us that anothor gentleman, who is not unknown in Toowoomba, has lately boon delivering a lay sermon. " Tho Charoh and tho Stago " was tho titlo of a lay sermon dollvered by Air. Walter Bontloy at tho Musoniu Hall, Mob bourno, on Thursday ovoning last (states tho .Iryuf). Tho Roy. Dr. Strong occupied tho chair, and prefaced tho locturo by remarking that ho still patranlsod tho thoatro, and would go thoro oftonor if bo oould afford it. With this clorical oountonanoo Mr. Bontloy dashod into his snbjoot, and kopt a largo anaionoo in roars of laughtor by a string of humorous Scottish nnocdotcs, largely basod on matters PrOBbyterian. Criticism of tho thoatro, ho hold, was largoly basod oo uttor ignoranco, and as an instanco ho rolatod tho story of a Scottish divino, who, mooting him soon aftor his adoption of tho stago as u profession, admonished him that it wan "aeairday to seo yo father's son blackin' bis face an' makin' an adiot of hiroeolf." " I novor," said Air. Bontloy lator on, " wbon I look at tho audionoo from tho stage, soo anybody asleep. I'm afraid yon can't always say tho samo about tho churohes," and than followod moro anecilotos bearing out this point. Air. Bontloy's general oonolusion was that tho thoatro was simply what sooioty mado it, and thus its faults woro duo to tho failnro of tho Charoh to olovato tho tono of humanity. Fort forty years, Ayor's Chorry Pootoral has proved to bo tho most roliablo romody in uho for colds, coughs, and lung diseases. Slight colds should not bo nealoutod. Tho Poctornl will provont thoir becoming ehronio. 25 mr. Edmund Yatoe, in ouoof his fottors from London to tho Now York Tribune, shortly before hm death, had tho following : — I havo tho bost authority for contradicting tho report that tho Spoabor will nhortly resign. It is Air. Pool's intention to fill tho oliair nnti! tho dis solution of tho present Parliament. If, how- evor, tho Ministry, having Baacocded in straggling through tho Rummer, should pro pose on autumn sosslon, then tho Spoakor will at onco resign. Any auoh scheme is, howover. nltorly out of tho question, for sovoral Alinistors aro vehemently opposod to it, notably Sir William Haroourt. Tho rotations bntwoon tho Primo Ministor and tho Chunoollor of tho Exoheuuor aro considerably strained, nor is Mr. Morley animatod by cordial foalingB towards his chiof. Lord UoHubory jwivatoly consults Mr. Asquith ou ovory oooaBion, and if thoy doom it necessary to soek further advico thoy apply to Mr. Aolaml and Mr. Haldane. That thoCnbinot is not harmonious is proved by Lord ltosobory'a maladroit ro- forcnoo at Alanahostor to tho nooossity of ro- form lo Parliamentary procuduro. Aftor tho Primo Miniator'a allusion to thin aubjoot in Editburgh a motion for a committeo on pro- coduro was mado by Air. Roltit; butfard iioacoory was opaniy enuuonu ny niB couosguos in tho IIouso of Commons, who, ignoring his orders, opposed tho motion. Under tbe cir cumstances it ta decidodly odd for Lord Uoao- bcry to rotorh to tho mnttor at Manohcator, foraurolyho mnat ho aware that Sir William Haroourt has thrown ovor tho subjaot without any disguise whatever. It is quito clear that Lord ItoRflbory has hoon attempting to play tho part of Pitt iu tho Cabinot, and that this has boon rcHOnted, tho result bring that Sir Willum Haroourt has ostentatiously talcon a lino of his owu lately. 