TOPICS OF THE DAY. It is not likely that football umpires will bo molested in futuro, and it i gratifying to know that borrackorA aro beginning to curb thoir wrath. That thoy can do so wae evidenced »a Satur- day aftornoon at otto of tho senior matches, Tho field umpire is not a patent ipcdiciuo and consequently did not "giro universal satisfaction." Ho was merely a man whono decisions on knotty points of the play did not moot with tho approval of some of the harrackers. Some months ago ho might have been eoverely bandied, but timo Inut brought its changes. Ono solomn youth at half- timo approached tho nmpiro, who was plodding his weary way along the field towards the dressing room. There was no fire In tho oye of'eithor borrockor or bar racked, but tho former difl'erod from tho latter on a point of football law. Ho lost no timo in Idlo words, and did not even swear. He merely produced a book of tho ralos, and in toncn broken by emo tion, said, "Bead 'om again afore you empire down 'ero," as ho handed the little volun to tho umpire. The latter waa astonished. Sueb a mild robuko did to him what a fierco horning by a mad ball coaM net do to a 'football umpire— hart him, and almost choked him with sobs of thankfulness. Ho " did not value the book for its intrinsic worth, bat for the motives whioh prompted tho gift." Tbo arrangements in connection with tho Hawthorn Citizens' Charity Ball, to ho held in tho Hawthorn Town Hall on tho 28th inst., oro progressing satisfactorily, and the affair promises to provo a groat saocoss, Tho proceeds are to bo devotod to tho local relief fund, for providing employment for thoso at present out of work. A woman of tho unfortunato clnea, against whom no 'loss than fourtoen pre vious convictions had boon rocordod, was brought before the City Court to- day, charged with having nsed insulting words, etc- On Saturday oven- ing sho, iu company with a femaln companion, want into tho Commer cial Hold, at tho corner of Spring and Lonsdale eta., and a sked to be served with drink in tho bar parlor. Mrs Becker, thu wifo of tlio hconsoo, infonnod tho women that tboy could not bo served in the parlor, whereupon, according to Victor Becker— bottor known in athletic circles as "Mono" Victor — tho licensee of tbo hotol, the accused, wlio gave tho namo of Nolly White, ad dressed most disgusting expressions to Inn wito. Mr F. Stephen, son., who appoared for tlio occuscd, whom tho polico know na Ethel Morris, plcadod to tho Bcnoh for lonioncy. A lino of 40s or 14 days' imprisonment having been impotod, tho woman rofused to ioave tho Court, as sho desirod to address the Bench, and had to ho forcibly removed. At the Prahran Court this morning, Dr Fnthoraton, the Chairman, on bohalf of tho Ohiof Commissioner of Polico, pro- sentod two lads, named Albert Verney and Goorgo Howott, oach with a handsome volumo ao a recognition of their sorvicos in following two mariuo collectors whom they had seen steal a garden hose at South Yarra until they inet a constublo, to whom thoy gave inforinntton. Dr Fetiicr- aton oongratulatod tlio hoys ou their conduct. It fa not a Utilo oarioas, hearing in mind tho dopntatiou to tho Ulnistor of Customs, last week, about tbo suppression of certain kinds of literature, to rew<l of the diseuasion that has reoeatly raged in England about tho refusal of Messrs W. If. Smith and Sons to elronlato Mr George Moore's novo), Esther Watora, in their circulating library. The difficulty of (holding what ia an improper book crops up in this dhousalon in a doaidod manner. No less a porson than Lady Jetrao, tho wife of tlio Fioeldent of the Divorco Court, rushes Into tho fray in tho defence of tho book, and of Thomas Hardy's latest work, Life's LUUe ironies, whioh had also beou alluded to asbalngoneaf tho naught j kind. Sho says sho docs not think It Is a book " that neod shook tho readers o! a generation who enjoy The Heavenly Twins, Tho Yellow Aster, Key notes, or tbo various works of fletion whioh deal with all Uio com plex and undeniablo quo tion of our modern life. A novol Is good or bad In pro portion as it arouses sympathy with what Is noblo or gloaios immorality with n sickly nontlmootailty whioh oreates an ontlroly faUs standard of right or wrong." And sho sums up her oonolasions on ths general prlnoiploH of tho oootrovorsy ia UiU way:— "Tbo old story of woman's weakness and man's be trayal has been, and always will bo, tho koyuoto of many great work In EopBsli fiotlon whioh deal with tho great story of human pasuon. Tho whole evil of modern novel lies In tbo point of view from which tho suhjeot Is troatod, and from tbo nttompt to oentro tho interest and sympathy of tho reader onarekoittiie.' Tha following particulars from ono of Uio English papers to hand by tho week's matt supplement what has appeared in referonoo to ths uuno matter in a Hkrald cablegram "Six of tho seven explorers of tho Luglooh oaverns, who were resound on Monday,, arc in Gratz and are doing woll, and the seventh, the lad Hoidt, who camo out In a pitiable oondition, and was left bo- hind in tho village of Semriaoh, ia also reported muoh bottor. They wonld have died of hunger several days sgo, as ihe provisions they took with thom were already exhausted, hat fortunately the parish print of Bemrioon ohanoed to throw a box contain fng oboes, bread and sixteen oandtes Into tho swollen brook, which by a mlraolo oorriod it to the Upper Cavo, in whioh the entombed men were already fooling tho pongs of hunger. Ouce in posses sion of the box, tho leader, Herr Fasohing, divided tho contents into small dally rations. The imprisoned meu state tbat thoy fouud some wonderful oaves, putting ovou tboeu of Adelaberg Into the shade. Tho diver, Rudolph Fischer, who anccoedod in reaching tho entombed mon at great personal risk, Is suffering from violent shivering attaoks brought on by tho intenso cold of the water." Describing a debate in the Huuse of Com mons on tbo Doath Dntlcs, tho 4 'Doily Kowa" says :— The prevailing duloois of tho discussion was temporarily relieved by nn amusing apoeoh from Lord Wllloutrhby do Ereeby, who bluntly told tho Commit- too that ho objected to death dutlui alto gether. Ths "infamous proposals," as tho noblo lord oharaetcrised tlio reformed death duties, would weigh heavily on the unfor tunato heir, who would havo to pay for things ho . did not want. Tho aeoret of tho noblo lord's vohomont opposition to the now soheme was partially disclosed when, towards the ond of his speooh, he, amid laughter, dsalared that among other things ho wnntd inherit a ghost, and ho ap pealed to tbo Cbanoollor of tho Exohoqner to aay It ho would havo to pay snooession duty for this part of b(e luhorlUnoo. Sir William HateouTt smiled, hut wado no nttompt to answor the oonnndrnm. Tho British Death Duties, arsumiug that thoy are passed by the Imperial Parliament, will be. operative (rom tho 1st iut. On Budget Night reports the " Daily News") Mr Balfour, assuming that the Budgot BUI could not bo passed by tha 1st of J ono, took exception to tho Chanoollpr ot Ihe Excho- oner's estimate of the amount dorivablo from the inuroMed Doath Duties between tbat dato and the end of tbo floaucial year. Sir William Ilsrcourt has, however, beon careful so to frame tho resolutions on which the bill will be based that at whatever date tho Budget is added to tho 8tatnte Book, the new rates shall bo leviable upon tlio property of all persons dying " on or after tho 1st day of June, 1S01." " Wo move to-day, and I have only a dollar In the houso." This ia a psseago from a lot tor by Leigh Hunt dati-d " Floronoof 14th Ootobor, 1823," to be found In a collection of autograph letters Messrs Sothoby und Wilkinson will offer for salo to-day. It vividly recalls passage In thu life of Mr Harold .Sklmpolo. " I am constantly," that " litilo bright croitnro with a rather largo bead " observed, " being balled out, like a boat ; or paid olf, likoasbip'acom- pony, fcfomobody always does it for mo. I can't do it, yon know, for 1 novor havo any mntioy ; but Somebody do«3 it. I get out by Sotuobody's moans. I am not like the star ling. I got out." Thoro aro two letters in tho collestiou, both vividly rooatUog tbo too faithful prmootraont of his old friend which Dickon admittod ho had jiddod to tho temptation to inolndo in tho story of Bleak Houso. In " Tomple Bar," there Is a story of bow tho late Foet Laureate received tho first copy of " Maud" whilst ho was a visitor at a oonntry house, and how ho was provailod upon to rend tho poem uudor rathsr discouraging circumstances. " Mr and Mrs Carlylo wero among the guests. Nov Carlylo would not permit himself te bo read to by anybody. Tho problem was how to got oat of tbo way. All tho visitors in the houso wore anxlons to listen toTonnysou'e delightful reading. Lord and Lady Asbfaurton wero kopt waiting. Choirs )iad boon arranged in a qulot sitting room. The visitors (onrselvo amonirat the number) wore taking their places. Tenny son was ready. Carlylo was not indispcisd to go out for a walk if anybody would go with him, But thoro was tbo rub. Who would norifice tbo pleasure of hearing a great poat read his latest poem ? Professor Gold win Smith throw himsolf into tho imminent and deadly broach, and walked with tho philsophcr." Tho box plan for tho testimonial perform ance to bo given to Mr Charloa Ryley on Fri day afternoon next, oponnd this morning ut Nloholson's. It i nndorrtood that a fine programme i in oour»o ef prepara tion, particulars of wbteh will be advertised Immediately. Mr Ryley has, however, boon ueli a strong favorite since he has been in Australia that his brother artists are honnd to rally to hi support on this fare well occasion, aod it i equally certain that the attendance of tho public will be ineh as will mark in a substantial manner tbo popu lar sense of tho favorable impression Mr llyley has mado on tho pnblio mind as an notor and a alngor. Mr Shiols's cot nro on tho dcprc>itoii to- &iht; at the Athenmtm Hall is «uro to attract a largo audlcnoo. To provo tbat the question of oarronoy te one apart from political partle or faotions, the hon. G. 1). Carter baa consented to tako theohair. Amongst tho dlstingatehed guestnoftho 15i-meU!lic League, will be the Arohbtehop of Molbourno, Dr Carr, who ha doubtloe been attracted to a oonsidcration of tho snbjtet because tbat famous prelate Arohbtehop Walsh of lJublln te one of tho most ommrat ohampions of Bi-m«tallism. A new Presbyterian Church in Northcnte was opened for tho first tirno yesterday morning. Tha silo of the church i on , Backer' IIUL The preacher in the morning and evening was the Rev. Hector Feruuson, and in tho afternoon Rev. J. F. M'Crae. The olioroh was crowded at all the servient), more cnpeclally in the evening, when sitting or even ataodlng-rooin could not bo pro. vlded, and numboris hud to go away, i'hn total ooHccttons for tho day amounto'd to the hand&ome; num of L'I7 7 lid. Thr proapcctni of tho Boyal Mint aud Iron lung Gold Mining Company No Lia bility, Honnan'a Field, Western Australia, appears in our advertising column#. The oapltat coorist of L30,000 in 60,000 shares of 10s eaofa, of whioh 20,000 shorcA were offered to tho pnblio at 2 Cd on application and 2 t)i on allotment. A largo amount of mining operations has boon carried ont on the property, tho shaft being down 200ft. Tlie rorf averages about 6£ftfn thickneM, and te otiinatod by experta to go Cos to tbo ton. Tho whole of tho amount mibaoribod by tho publio, loss broker- go and flotation oxpcnaeH, will go to tho orcdit of tho company. Mr 8. JCohn, l'roli's Buildings, Collin street, te tho Melbourne broker to thu company. In our orivcttteiog cnlumus Mr Ackmnn, of tho Monster Furnishing Arc# do, 243-47 Binith Atreut, Fitzroy, notillej th results of his coupon puzzle eompotition iu c&nuection; with the folding of a piece of paper. In our advertising columns Mr Ackinan, Furnishing Arcade, Hinitii atrcot, Fitzroy, announces another coupon competition in tho eucising line. Messrs Drigety aud Co. Limited will hold a gram sale at thoir room to-morrow, at a quarter to 12. 