A WOMAN'S WIT. \- Daring the assizes held in a Southern city the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of / Singing humanity outside awaited the Verdict. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two' young fellows of good lm&,'oompuuons since childhood, had settheiriBelves to earn fame and fortune, or the laiter at least, in their native place ; J^lbert -Mosgrave as an artist, ^ Be^at Oaison as a doctor. Their lo>yB,foi each other was brotherly—yet loye was the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a'sunny-haired, bright-eyed, laughing pictme of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were pretty equally bestowed between Mosgrave and Oadson. One morning people were horrified " with a report of a murder. Musgrave bad been shot in bis studio. A revolver •' was found on the table a few inches , • from ibe dead body. The bullet, which jritCT pasang throngh his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly > fitted the chamber, and was precisely . similar to the Others which the revolver cpntunedL Both revolver and cart ridges won proved to have been bongbt \- by Oadson within twenty-four hours of the murder. He was known to have , been at the honse about the time the crimehad been committed. All these thingshe fully admitted. Only one fact he denied, bat this was the evidence ? that chiefly condemned him. . ' ■ Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to gecdnghimdose to the house; indeed, she bad Spoken to him, bat he strangely enough had passed her, refusing to speak. 'The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner condemned himself by his orm admissions, yet he emphatically assftledhis innocence. The eventful day of the trial came. Coonsel had labored tor and against. The judge bad summed up the points of tfa . case; the jury retired to consider. .The breathless bush of suspense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almbst visiblB. Presently a door opened. Tw^ve men entered and solemnly took their seats. not PTiiltv ? " : "Guilty!" r .A piercing shriek, awhl from its bordenof agony, rang through the conrt, and Edna's nnconscioas form was home oat. . : For the first time the prisoner qaailed. AH through the trial .be had behaved with almoBl callons cbolness. Her voice mumutned him. . He buried his face in hia hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. When asked if he had any reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed on turn, he drew himself up, and in a firm, dear voice said,— \- »• To-day my words are an empty: sound: one day they trill have great: power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am : innocent. . Ho man will believe me. 1 speak for the future, because I believe rmAvenging Justice, with unerring and inesistible aim, will bring truth to light. : Then I wish yon to remember my words. Then Herbert" Cadson, who now stands with the ehamefol . cane of,a murderer on his head,-will have the h&lo; of a martyr." -': The sentence of death was passed, the fudge's. voice being. scarcely audible . amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded ins arms to receive his doom without a qntveri ' To the last momentous words, " May the Lend have mercy on your sonl! " he responded with a firm bnt reverent" Amen." Mr barter, Herbert's solicitor, was distnrbedin Ms office by a young lady whom he at first fai'ed to recognise as Edna. What a marvellonB change! Bhr haggard face, large eyes looking Mrger from their snnken sockets, the fierce determined expres&ibn; of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago? She had aged years. He invited her to * seat, then inquired the object of her visit. "To free Herbert Caison. He is innocent,v <faid T have discovered the cdprit."y The lawyer looked at her, bat ■did rjiftipeak.Perhaps yon think me toad}' Well, ! have not been far from it. While yon men have pitied Mm and wondered, % a weak woman, have worked;'1 Have yon any evidence of yonr •statement?" Ample. ThemnnLerer has a foot two ihches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pur of old goloshes with a cat across the left sole. Herbert never pos sessed such Hiings. On that night he : wore alight suit 5 the other fellow wore « dark tweedsait with a red thread, rather a pecnliar kind of. material, ' lighter in weight, and mnch cheaper." ;v " How in the name of all that is :rati"""' did you learn this ?" ?'■ *« Thereby bangs my tale. I believed Herbert to be !nfio<»at. Common sense told meorime always leaves a trace for tiiagewbo wish to see, Ho one ever sought. They were satisfied with snper ■ * final appearances. Knowing the land / find, I obtained permission to see the Itooae. I searched for boors without : snocess. I was yielding to despair ami \- wandered back into the garden. 8ad d toly Fido capered about me with some thing in his month. It was ahandker , chief. I; took it; A glance made my r-:-heart stop—blood stains. -: I examined v ;Hie .'hand^ a forlorn digger was A woman's. i ;It:was r marked ' F. H., Hnmber fohr.'' ®tIie30gnisedit,anJ knewtbe owner. I .i'linifc' Ifcv-Vl$hat a peculiar scent, I xanewad my search -with vigor. It was evident ihecriminal hai escaped by the "'•hadEi gate. Iteming hope fired me |; I«^ by ihcb I scrntinised doom, walls. ^e^MTliaxag; large , For tjttee days I hnnted ^totai discoveries were soS!? .of cloth -torn off while squeezing aBmallwindow, blood stains on ageing Irom a cot with a.rosty wood, footprints on the beneath the window. The was soft enoagh to receive an Yery close examination a p^liar 'imprint with a cat Aninspratioii dawnednpon me heslT. Flrom these lints "how I format chain? Firsts the I went to Layoocfs, the oonld not find me a scent like it. I shot an amrw-ata venture and said— "4 Yon sold some to Miss Harvey, I think ?' 44 4 Oh, yes ; I know now, I got that especially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' 441 reeled ont of the shop. I was on the track. 4 P. H.' were Priseilla Har vey's initials; this was her handker chief. I went straight to her honse. Dnring my Btay I feigned losing my handkerchief. She lent me the exaot counterpart of the one I bad fonnd save that it was marked 4 Nnmber seven.' I twitted her tha; «he was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed aud blushed. I bantered her into confession. She had neTer lent bnt one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, bat had enough self-control to recover .myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. 44 Now I had fairly run down my game. How shonld I get into his; honse ? Providence aided me. Yon are an old man, and have known me from; infancy, so I can speak freely to yon. i At one time he paid me such attention that I had to ignore Mm. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that J am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest words and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman yon will learn and obtain alL " I succeeded beyond my wildest hope. I need not weary yon with the details. By dint of coaxing and pre sents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was tamed. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pur of slippers with out his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. Ho. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Conld I steal them for a day or two ? Bnried in a corner of the.wardrobe I found a pur. I tamed them ap. There was a cat across the sole of the left foot. I trem bled so violently I nearly let them drop. I took them to Musgrave's house ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, who says they are identical. ' "I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date'of purchase. But one thing remains un done. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light he must have disguised himself, which proves design. A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals hare taken place, while he had them before and returned after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Mosgrave an hour before." " Yon. astound me, a girl like yon, •with each astuteness! It passes my comprehension." " Don't yon think I have good grounds for his arrest ?" " Certainly. Who is he ?" " Mr Satley, the curate." Mr Garter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some Utile time to subside into his osnal calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, patting all details into his possession. Two hoars after the officer returned to Mr Garter's sanctum with a Bomewhat gloomy face. " It is all over, Mr Garter." " What, has he confessed ?" " YeSj in words Tind action. I was going np to Mr Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great bony, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after, him. Miss Sdna was . very smart, bat she shhnld have consulted as before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him and advised him not to bay a ticket, as he . would waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. "'God help me. I was mad! It was all for her,' he said, in a quivering voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' he implored, " ' Very well, Mr Satfey,' J replied. "Jnst then the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, I after him. He won the race. I k«t a prisoner, He jumped clean on to the buffers, which buried him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the moriuarv now." # * *' * * * Every cloud has a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death. 