POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. BY SCOKEK. Wk are at it again—they and I. They are bowling. I am scoring. 1 sometimes ask myself as to who has the best of the game? All I know on that point, as I look down on the man; new faces in the now House, and miss a good many old ones, that members come and members go, but I go on forever. A quarter of a century ago, in the days " when my beard was black," as Gordon sings, I was in the same seat that I sit in now. Fancy the changes botwixt then and now ! Speakers have eoino and Speakers have gone — Sir Charles MacMahon, Sir Charles Duffy, Peter Lalor, Sir Matthew Dav.*06, and 11 r. Bent. And now-we have a veteran of a hundred political fights in the person of Sir Graham Berry. And then what a long procession of Ministries ! Why, as 1 cast back my eyes, the " line seems to stretch out till the crack of doom —" ghosts of dead Ministries. And some of them were " giants in those days." Do I not recollect how Biginbotham thundered in the Senate ; how M'Culloch haggled and argued; how Grant pleaded; liow Berry fumed.and Longmorealmost swore ? There, too, were W. il. K. Vale and C. E. Jones, and the old Colonel, and the Professor. They were stars in those days—all of them. Some of them, if they were here, would do EO yet. Others are shrunken and of no account in the political world. John Dennistoun Wood was one that loomed large. Langton was another. Now neither of them can find a, constituency to stand godfather to them, and Vale and Jones arc in the same category. I sometimes reflect on these things, and I am almost forced to the conclusion that the heroes of old time may have been, after all, very little men. Agamemnon, if he lived in our time, might have been overmatched by Tommy Atkins. And I would almost have been willing to back tfhaw the Life Guardsman to give Achilles a drubbing, n ith his godship thrown in. The fact is. we were then a young nation, and youth invariably magnifies. The house we were born in always lives in our memory twice as massive as tho reality. Anyway, here we are again, in the closing days of 1S94, with the Turner Slinistry on the Treasury benches, backed by a following'00 strong; with Sir James Patterson leading an Opposition of 7 ; and with a Budget to dispose of before Christmas containing no fewer than three new pieces of direct taxation. When I remember the gasping fears of former days over the very mention of a direct tax, and see the audacity with which the present Government promises, to pass three such in two months, lam tempted with Bret Haito to enquire— " Do I sleep ? Do 1 dream ? •.. Do 1 wonder and doubt ? Are things what they seem r Or are visions about!-'" No I There they are, sure enough! And here is tho Governor's speech promising diplomatically to do all these things. The leader of the Opposition, who can quote Wordsworth now literally, in " We are Seven," must feel dazed as he asks himself what it all means—that last session lie dare not press even one poor Income Tax, and now his old rival is romping along under a burden of three pieces of fiscal legislation. The old Treasurer sits in the corner, neglected of all men. The man who predicted that he had a Budget which would lender him famous is almost crushed with the odium of that Jludget. His late colleagues make no secret of their feelings. There is scarcely one of them but will tell you that "Carter did it"—alone he did it. But if so, what tort of stuff must the other members ol the. Cabinet have been made ol ? '•Oh, you don't know," said an ex-Minister to me the other day. " You don't know Carter. When he got the bit between his teeth, he always bolted. Twenty Pattersons couldn't hold him." 1 smiled. " Couldn't you have, turned him adrift r" " No, we were not strong enough ro quarrel in the face of the House." There you have it. i'arter was strong in getting his way, simply beeaus^ he was the only man in the team who didn't caie it dump whether he kept oilive or not. If I know anything of the Turner team, there will he no man in it who would boss the show. George himself, though he has a will of his ovn, is not of the aggressive order, and as for Peacock, Isaacs and Sargood, they are strong enough to cheek one another. And what a fate is promised for poor Patterson ! If we are to take the Premier and the Attorney- General seriously they are going jointly to "crush" him. Sir James went up to Maiden recently and criticised the Ministerial policy. Me was not very severe. He said nothing that could have punctured the Ministerial skin, or even have scratched it. But he questioned the policy of letting the Civil Service go without another slice of retrenchment being carved oil' it.. Mr. Turner says that when lie gets on to the ex- Premier in the House on that question he will pulverise him ; and Mr. Isaacs has displayed an equally amiable disposition. The effort is to be "crushing." But Sir James is a man who can take a lot of "crushing" without being seemingly much the worse for it. He may wsll snap his fingers at any ftnther Parliamentary crushing, after the actual battel ing given him by the constituencies. He (eels that his rise was the rise of a rocket, and his fall the fall of its stick. What is of much more consequence is tho siu!r and sullen state of some of the old Turner party. Say what they like, the Graham and Outtrim party are thoroughly dissatisfied. They werekilled by Patterson. They fought with all their power to return the compliment. They have succeeded, or have seen others succeed, and lo '. the hutiouis of the war go otherwhere. It needs philosophy to bear this. And, you know, Philosophy does not. always pair with Ambition. To Mr. Shiels' credit be it spoken that he who has been tho worst used of Fortune is the most resigned to the adverse 6trokes. He is not at all chagrined at being still a private member of the House while liis old lieutenant takes the chief command. Or, rather, it would be better to say thatif he be angry, hehastlieself-controltoelieetiially conceal it. He is a loyal supporter of the Government. It is true that Mr. Dully is an old Conservative, and is still a Freetrader ; but he has been so long in association with the Shiels parly that he can scarcely recognise political frieuds even ill the Opposition Corner, and as for the front bench opposite, he is not of them. This homogeneity of party must have a binding effect as distinguished from the disintegrating forces that lurk in private discontent. There is one new member of the House who has already made his mark. I mean young Hume Cook. His speech was as cool, as fluent, as tree from nervousness, and as full of matter and thought as if he were a sexagenerian instead of just turned twenty. He will prove a welcome addition to the House. 