WHEN the proposal for a light line of railway from the Lakes' En trance to Orbost was first mooted a great many persons, who belong to the class that can never be in duced to -believe that any thing out of the ordinary course of events can come to pass, pooh-poohed the idea and asserted that , there was not the slightest probability of such a line being constructed. Josh Billings tells us that incredulity is the wisdom of the fool, and people who are never in the humor to do anything for the advancement of a district can - often do a great deal to retard it by an attitude of hopeless pessimism and persistent | inactivity - with regard to the j schemes that are brought forward to _ improve : and-"'-- develop -it. - It. would- appear: that' the!Hiajority.,ofi. the people interested in this district have fully considered the questions' as to railway extension and open ing the" Snowy River, and have come to the conclusion that the only hope of better communication in the early future lies in : a light railway from the En trance. I his has been advanced- stage by stage until, owing, to a/ fortuitous com bination of circumstances, it would appear to :be almost within our grasp. Now, the. conservative minority, who opposed an attitude of stolid indifference'to the scheme- until it was on the point of resulting successfully, are coming, forward' with objections ... and alternative- propositions-that, if they have , any effect at all,; will -merely: bloelc .the present movement without further ing any other one -to the slightest extent. We are not driving at any individual or at the'-writer: of any particular letter, but :merely, write in gen eral .terms .with regard to an " inclination that has been displayed in various ways to interfere with the railway movement at. this late stage of the proceedings. If the proposed line- to the .Entrance did not meet with public approval why was it not objected to and letters written to the press when- the matter was, under consideration and before the community had committed itself to the scheme and made- application to the Govern ment? The answer is simply that the present objectors never imag ined that there was the ghost of a chance of getting a .railway or anything else from anywhere, and thought it was not worth their while to bring forward the objec tions with which they are now trying to upset the results of the energy and enterprise of other men. A- good many seem to favor an agitation for the opening of the entrance to the Snowy River, but a few moments consideration will show the utter hopelessness of obtaining this for some consider able tjme to come. The Govern ment 'has tried jfs hands at one 'entrance. This was pGqipjpnced on the supposition that jt would cost £25,000 ; up "to the present it has run into about £120,000 and is not nnisnea yet, nut ro it tciwiu that it' can now be regarded as a permanent work. In- the face of jJi.eXe facts, is" it likely that any j GoyWpro.ejlt Vpiijd undertake ; a I similar work .in I vicinity of the first one, 'No' pd ; ministration' would ' be strong enough to carry it'out even if they wdre" insane enough to attempt it. . It has been said that the entrance tp our river will be a ni'ilc;h',lesls "expensive work. Jmt Mr Davidson, the Inspector- General, of Public. Works, considers that .it will- be equally expensive with that at the Lakes' Entrance. The body of water passing through the Snowy ; River is -probably, greater than that of -Reeves River, as- the country drained by the two rivers is about equal in extent and the volume of the latter must be largely decreased by percolation and evaporation. It goes without saying that a stream like the Snowy River will be fully opened for navigation some day, that is unless the march of civilization is to be turned back ward and the. country to revert to a state of nature again, but before there is. any chance of the Govern ment of the colony undertaking a work of such magnitude there must be a large increase in the pro duction and - population of the district, and the very best means to hand to further this natural development is the proposed narrow gauge line. Of course an entrance, to the river or a'-through line from Bairnsdale to the border would be infinitely better as far as we are concerned, but one is just about as impossible as the other at the present time, and those, who object to the Entrance line in. the hope of getting one of the larger works are merely endeavoring to illustrate the old fable of the dog and the shadow. -' The' proposed light railway will - probably cost £30,000 or £40,000, and is a work of such magnitude that under ordi nary, circumstances it would have been difficult, if not impossible, for a sparsely populated district like this to have got up sufficient in terest- to secure the work, .but a variety, of circumstances seem , to have worked together, in its favor. The Government- is compelled to stop the coristructionLof, expensive -railways; an'd as" at the same time, they dread the consequences that might - ensue from > the- complete .cessation of public works, they are compelled to select with the utmost r discretion opportunities for a mo derate expenditure in something in the nature of reproductive works. - The construction of an experimen tal narrow gauge line is urgently called: for, and the proposal to connect the Orbost flats with the Entrance affords - an excellent op portunity, not only because of the resources of: the district, but be cause the. whole -of this section of Victoria has as'yetbeen untouched by the railways and the trouble about the break of gauge that may ensue, if one of the light lines is j oi nd:o 11 j- Jtoo 1 jAjp LtEerstandard _ gauged will not arise here. The chances of this line therefore rest, not so much on the influence we can bring, to bear in its favor,-as on the fact that the Government is anxious to construct one of these new railways and that it will pro bably suit them best to build it here. Under the circumstances, it- would be the height of folly for- us to interfere with the -Government, either in the way of suggesting totally different and t far more ex pensive undertakings !or in disput ing about- the proper .'route to be taken. As the railway authorities are above all anxious that the line shall pay, they may be depended on to give the most , earnest at tention; to . questions-'of this kind, and'our only policy is toallow the natural course of events to continue to work in - our favor and not to spoil the whole thing by injudicious interference with them. v .... ,r - 1 .1 . , \JU UUUUuiJf dillU lULUliUiiy Idol, bile UJbu rict was visited by a very severe storm which, as it was accompanied on the first day by intensely hot and oppress sive weather, did an immense amount of damage to tho orchards and fruit gardens in this district. Reports from other parts of the colony show that similar- weather has been experienced elsewhere. There has been very little rain .lately and indications seem tq favor the idea that we are aboqt to experience a very dry summer. A party of 20 men have been sent under the leadership of Mr Jas. Stir ling unr. to cut a mining track from Mallacoota to Clarkeville. :.The men left Caniughatne by the steamer Ariel tliis week. Mr Whitelaw will do the necessary surveying and the job is to be done by piecework. It is considered that the completion of this track will be of great assistance to miners and ! prospectors, besides opening up better means of communication between the Bendoc district and the coast. It is notified that the general lists of non-ratepaying electors for the Legis lative Council and Legislative As sembly must be prepared during the week ending the 1st December prox., and that persons who have not already . enrolled may do so by obtaining Electors' Rights from the Registrars for their respective divisions before or on that date. Intending applicants fijr Electors' Rights are cautioned to 'apply /\Otftlv t A til a' 13 A/W1 «f lift tl 1 .. J.A eunj LU buu xvuzsLitii. IUU iuw ru- quires the prescribed questions as to'an applicant's qualification to be answered I iu writing ; therefore, if application he j postponed until the last day allowed for the purpose much inconvenience v/ill be pcppsfopecl; with the possible result that those wild 2Q delay v7|ll fce deprived of the opportunity ' fbf bnrollnteni'. Each applicant should provide ffinfismf with the stamp (.Gd.),1' necessary "fdr paj'inent for the 'right. No' persofn whose name is on, or entitled to be on, any roll of ratepaying electors for any division may obtain an Elector's Right. Mass will be celebrated at Orbost to-morrow. The rainfall at the Cann Iliver for October, as recorded by Mr A. C. Broome, was 2.34 inches. The importance of the bicycle as a means of locomotion whore there are fairly good roads .available was forcibly shown by an incident which recently occnrred. Mr Howden, of the Bank of Victoria, Bairnsdalc, received intel ligence late on last Saturday evening that his father, Mr W. B. Howden, a resident for the last 52 years of the. Port Albert district, was on his death bed. Mr Howden junr. mounted his machine early on Sunday morning and rode home, a distance of about 90 miles, in the same day. He did not succeed, however, in getting there in time to see liis father alive. Abont 550 tons of butter were des patched to London by the R.M.S. Austral, which left Melbourne on Saturday. The production of sugar from beet has become a very important industry in Europe. The coming season's yield .. is expected to exceed that of an' previous year by several thousand tons. Basset, in his work on sugar manu facture, says : — " The manufacture of sugar from beet is one of the most important elements ofpnblic prosperity. Resting on agricultural progress and the wants of a constantly increasing population, allied, by reason of the cattle it supports, with the production of meat and bread, based upon improv ing cultivation of the soil, it renders to modern society the greatest services, at the same time that it attains for itself the highest point of prosperity and glory to which any other industry ever had the ambition to aspire." Mr. S. A. Fox, manager of the Com mercial Bank at Goulburn, N.S.W., died on Wednesday from the effects of a revolver shot received by accident when he was cleaning out one of the hank revolvers. One ofthe cartridges had been inadvertently left in the weapon and exploded, the bullet enter ing his left breast, penetrating the lung and passing through his body. We believe that Mr. Fox was formerly in charge of the bank at Delegate. A case of attempted wife murder is reported from Mornington, a man named Henry Wilks having made a ferocious attack on his wife and sister- in-law on Sunday last. Owing to the indolence and intemperance of Wilks, his wife had separated from him ; he had repeatedly urged her to come back to him without effect, and on Sunday ast he laid wait for Mrs. Wilks and her two sisters and after a short alter cation stabbed two of them in a dangerous manner with a table knife, which he had evidently brought with him for the purpose. One of the sisters made her escape and ran for assistance, and some people who were attracted by the screams arrived just in time to save ' " the life oE Mrs. Wilks, who was being kicked to death in a most ferocious manner. It is expected that the two injured women will recover. " Wilks got away but afterwards came to the lockup and gave himself up to the police. The Danish exporters have raised the price of their butter in London to 130s. per cwt. This has raised the quotations for Colonial butter to 110s. lor choice qualities and 96s. to 100s. for fine, A sensational double suicide oc curred in Sydney on Monday. Two brothers named Max and Julius Munck, natives of Germany, shot themselves in a room in the Oxford Hotel. When the door was opened by persons who heard the shots both men were found to be dead. They were in good cir cumstances and it is supposed that they were driven to commit the rash act by the supposition that some per sons had conspired to accnse them of fraud. 