THE RECENT ELECTIONS. MR. REID'S VIEW OF THE POSITION. SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY. TrEsE appears to be a feeling in Freetrado circles in favour of Mr. Angus Cameron being appointed Chairman of Committees in the future Parliament. Considerable reti cence is maintained by the leading members of the Freetrade party as to their intentions, and Mr. Reid winely refrains from giving any expression of opinion as to their future movements or possible appointments. " In the first place," said Mr. G. H. Reid in answer to a press representative, "I have no portfolios to give, and in the second place I am too old a campaigner to let fill a hint as to their probable disposal if I had." On the question of the present political situa tion Mr. Reid spoke plainly. "It merely remains for the Government to chose which course they think it better to adopt," he said; " whether they shall elect to retire gracefully, as their loyal supporter Mr. P. Hogan has advised them to do, or allow us to turn them out. Unless they pander to the Labour Electoral Leaagi, which they cannot honestly do, they haven't a ghost of a chance, and even if they do so they cannot possibly get a majority. They will save much trouble and delay if they accept the inevitable and retire like men; but that they will eventually have to retire is as certain as possible. Much of the vaunted backbone has been taken out of the Government by the overwhelming pub lic opinion lately expressed and practi cally illustrated at the recent polls. As leader of the Opposition I asserted that the Government did not possess the confidence of the country. At that time, of course, that was merely an assertion that has been made by every leader of the Opposition since Parliaments had their being- in fact, the good old assertion would bh made by Sir George Dibbs as leader of the Opposition to morrow-but I had no actual proof, only my own conviction that such was the case. Now it is different. We have abundant proof. The country hls declared og-inst the Government with no uncertain voice, and the Government, will ingly or unwillingly, have got to go. I am convinced that there is more than one mem ber of the present Ministry who is averse to elinghig to office like a politieal Timlpet until it is knocked off the rock by the constitu tional tomahawk. There are at least two men of independent means I could name who, if their professions of high rolitical morality are to be relied on, cannot possibly support the stubborn attempt that is being made by the Government to remain in oflice. Bat we shall soe-what we shall see." When spoken, to Mr. O'Sullivan, while admitting that he would be bound to vote for tht Government if it challenged the verdict of the House on the fiscal issue, did not attempt to disguise his opinion that he thought such a course would be imprudent, and end in defeat. He candidly confessed that he thought the ultimate outcome of the present political situalion must be a coalition Government, with a strong neuntal man like Sir J. P. Abbott at the head. Such a coalition Mr. O'Sullivan would feel bound to support. Efforts are to be made to find a seat fer Mr. Edmund Barton. Rumour credits Mr. Barnes, the member for Gundagai, with the intention of retiring and letting Mr. Barton in, he himself accepting a seat in the Upper House. tir J. P. Abbott considers that the Free trade victory was anticipated. He says he has noticed amongst those who had dis appeared were some good men, and he regretted to see that the Chairman of Com mittees, Mr. Melville, had "gone under." 