The Story teller, THE EARTH TREMBLED.' {Bi the Author of 'From Jest to Earnest.] [Continued.] CHAPTER XLIV. ; \- HOPE TUHHBD IBTO DBBAD. Mr. Willoughby was r bout to break the ice. bat £11* forstalled him. ' Mr. Houghton,' she ui(i, timidly approaching, Mb there any : .tbinft we can do for you ? We are all so ', grateful. ' ' Ye«, Mia* Bodine. Forget and forgive.' ' There seems very little now to forgiie, and we do not wish to forget your kindness.' ' Good Lor I whupered Mrs. Bod me to Willoogbby, ' 1 suppose we shall *' hava fo let bygones be bygones. Now that sunshine r and brightness have come we should not recall anything painful. I trust thai the worst is over, bat our cmirago may be yet sorely tried. I will. -esteem it a very .great favoor if yon and your friends will accept without reluctance what my son can do for yonr comfort.' Ella conld not repress a little laugh of pleasure as she replied, ' It is too late now to affect iiny reluctance. We owe him -o much that we might as well owe him more.' Tlien, eter ptaotioal, «he arranged a screon to shade bis face from the sun's rays. Mr. Willoughbj now came up and spoke ; a friendly way of the probable effeoti of the* ; disaster upon the city, and so the touch' mntuil kindness be^an to make them kin. | Mrs. Hanter commenced to moan and toot and this awakened Miss Aiualey. who looked \arouod wonderinglv. Mr. Willoagbby in low tones recalled what had happened, and explained the present aspect ot affairs. Sirs, Bodine performed the same office for Mara, who also had boen aroused by the voices near. The girl's habit of self-control served -her. in good stoad, and she immediately rose, gave her hand to Bodine in greeting, and then knelt beside her aunt. ; Seeing Mara so near, 'Miss Ainaley quickly roae also, and moved away in instinctive antipathy. : ; Mr*. Hunter wbb feverish, and evidently Very ill. Sho was unable c.to .comprehend what was taking place, but recognized Mam ; whoio soothing touch and words only had the power of quietening her. , Ella bathed Mrs. Bodine's face and hands, and enabled ber to make ' the ghost of a toilet' as the old lady said. Then BUa whispered 'I wish I could do as much for Mr. Houghton.' 'I dare. you to do it,' said Mrs. Bodine, with a mirthful gleam in her eyes. , Jfilla caught her spirit, and without begiia tioo, although blushing like a rose, went to Mr. Houghton and asked, ? Will you please let ma bathe your hands and face also ?' 'Why, Miss Bodine, I should not expect such kindness from you. I ean wait till my son retnrns.' ' He is doing so araoh that he will be tired. It would give me pleasure if you will permit it. In waiting on my cousin I've learned to be not a very awkward nurse.' \- Well, Miss Bodine, I am learning that even earthquakes can bring pleasant compen sation!. You shall have your own way. Yes, you are a good nurse, and a brave aiid patient one. Your kindness to that poor creature who died in yonr arms, touched my heart.' 'And mine too, Mr. Houghton. She told me a very pitiful story.' ; 'You shall tell it to me sometime, my dear.' . .Her heart thrilled as he gently spoke these words, while George, striding up with a great platter of steak, almost dropped it as he aaw the girl waiting on his father as if filial relations were already established. The old- man enjoyed hi* look of pleased wonder, and when he had a chanoe whispered—' I'm getting ahead of you, my boy. I don't want you're or Jube'a olnmsy hands around me any more.' Mrs. Bodine put her bead under the blanket and shook with silent laughter. Ella was very shy of the youtg man, how. ever. He could not catch her eye, nor get a ohtnoe to apeak to her except in the presence of her father, Mrs. Bodine, or some one else. But he possessed bis soul in patience, and did his best to be a genial host. Clanoy, Jubo, and Sam followed with the coffee and various comestibles. Miss Ainaley was a little effusive in her greeting of the man whom she had deserted in the street, and again bad left to pass the night as he could, while she sought oblivion. His response was grave, kind, yet not altogether reassuring. Heoertainly indulged in no lover-like glances, and he went direct to Mara and inquired gently after Mrs. Hunter. She replied quietly, without looking up, and it was evident that the sound of his voice distressed the injured woman, who was barely conscious enough to have vague memories of the past. Weary Or. Devoe was wakened, while George gave Mrs. Willoughby his arm, and gallantly placed her behind the coffee urn. Even Captain Bodice assumed a measnre of cheerfulness during breakfast. When news boys came galloping np with the morning paper, Mr. Willoughby rose and waved his hat, joining in a general hurrah whioh rose from all parts ol the square. Every one warmly appreciated the herieim displayed in gathering news and printing a journal during the past night. Next to the vivifying light and the apparent cessation of thesbookti, nothing did more to restore confidence than the appearance of the familiar paper. ' Old Charleston is alive yet,' cried Mr. Willoughby ; ' and if the rest of as have half the pluck shown in that printingbouse, we'll soon restore everything.' '.Give me a paper,' said Mrs. Bodine; ' I'd rather have it than my breakfast.' 'You shall have both,' replied Ella, bringing a little tray to her side. ?Ab, cousin Hugh! you veterans never did, anything braver. Own np.' ?I do. Most sincerely and heartily.' Clancy read the journal aloud, and the e'.offeee grew cold as all listened breathlessly to a cbaptor in the city's history never to be forgotten'. Mr. Houghton was so absorbed that lie suddenly became* conscious that Ella was beside him with the ^?intiest of breakfasts. ,.. 'You are spoiling me for *PJ other nurse,' '' he said. To be continued' ,' 