BAD or MARRIED? CHAPTER X. A LBTTEB. "A letter for you, air. I was told ' to, give it into your own hands.' Mr. Graham-a massive, ehort-neoked manwith handsomefeaturea, a bald head and grey whiskers-laid down his news paper, and held out his hand for the Setter. ' Who brought it f he asked. 'A boy, air,' replied the servant. 4 He didn't know if there was any atuwer, so I told him to wait.' She retired to the door and stood there. Ibv Graham opened the envel ope with a paper-knife, and laid it on thphmaU'table by his aide. As he read the Mter, an anxious look came into Irffjfiw. 'No answer, Hannah,' he said very deliberately. "8tey 1' added he, as she turned to go, ' I have not finished yet Tell'the boy to call at the stables. I want my horse at once.' 'Yes, Birj' with which Hannah de parted. Sty the side of the open window which looked down upon the beautiful Bay of Peel sat Mrs. Graham, an elderly lady with ft thin, sallow face, a very low fore head, black eyes and hair, and a singu larly meek expression. In anticipation of the coming winter, she was making warm clothing for the poor. While her . husband was reading his letter, Bhe often glanced at him with timid inquiry, as also did her daughter who sat oppo site, engaged upon some fancy work. More than once she was on the point of ?peaking, and was only restrained by a warning look from Mary, whose keen intuition enabled her to enter readily into the feelings of others. At length, unable to bear the silence any longer, Mrs. Graham said ' Have you had bad news, John ?' 'Why should you think so!' .Mother is thinking of Uncle Joseph's debts,' explained Mary, with a quickness of perception which surprised even her mother. 'Uncle Joseph is better off than people suppose,' said John Graham; and closed his mouth as if he had said enough. Though Mrs. Graham had scarcely expected to gain any information from her 'husband, she could not repress a sigh. His secretiveness had been the one trial of her married life, but she was too sweet-tempered to carp at what she could not alter. She watched him furtively as he tore the letter and enve- ] lope into the smallest pieces and threw them into the basket beneath the table. When he had stirred itr contents so carefully that no one could pick out the pieces and put them together again, he returned to bis newspaper and read it in silenon until his horse was brought to the door. In spite of hie caution and reticcnce, John Graham was not a Manxman; but, like his brother Major Joseph Gra ham, he had married a Manx wotaan, and eventually made liiB home in the Island, Peel being selected liecause his brother had settled in the neighborhood. He had. taken a house in Peveril Ter race, and at the present time had lived tliero for two years. Having no occu pation, be was supposed to have a con siderable income, especially as be kopt at the hotel stables a handsome chestnut mare, for which he must have paid a high priee. John Graham was exceedingly fond of his horse. Ho Bpoke to it as he had never been known to speak to a fellow creature, and it knew his footstep and never failed to anewer his voice. As he stroked the glossy coat, tears came into bis wife's eyes. Why was all this ten derness reserved for a dumb animal ? But she conquered the feeling, and, as he rode amy, culled after him 'Good-bye, John. A pleasant ride.' \- 'Good-bye, Lucy,' he called back to her. Leaning on her daughter's arm, she stood on the door-step, and with deep longing watched that great burly figure ride away. Would not he give her one look before he passed out of sight? Yes, just as he turned the corner he looked back and, acting upon some subtle im pulse, waved his hand to his wife and daughter. Ever afterwards they re membered that gesture. A new dress for Mary arrived shortly afterwards, and this caused a diversion. She went upstairs to try it on. It was to be worn at a dance which the bachelors of Peel-three in number, headed by an enterprising advocate were going to give in the billiard-room of the hotel. It takes a long time to cry on a dress; an hour is not con sidered excessivb. Mary took rather less. Meanwhile, her Cousin Wilfrid ar rived, and was entertained by her mother. He was a tall, bright-faced young man, with blue eyes and very fair curly hair. He wanted his aunt and cousin to go for a sail in the Bay. It was not often, he said, that they got such a glorious afternoon on the last day of September. He grew quite enthusi astic about the weather and the sanitary effects of sea air. Mrs. Graham shook her head doubtfully. And now the door opened and Mary entered, smiling at herself in her pretty white silk dress trimmed with hBather, as she oame in softly to surprise her mother. She was a tall and beautiful girl, with a wealth of wavy light-brown hair which broke into golden ripples upon her forehead, and she had large, dark dreamy eyes, and, as is often sBen in sensitive natures, - a most delicate complexion. 1 Mother 1* she said; and then at the sight of her cousin, who had risen from his ohair and was gazing at her with un ooncealed admiration, she stopped in sudden confusion. ' Oh, Wilfrid, it isn't fair of you 1' the exclaimed. 'Nobody told me you were here.' Smiling at her inconsistency, he took her hand. 'A first view of so much beauty, Cousin Mary,' said he, emphasising the relationship in order to justify the speech, 'is certainly a rare treat. Is there any charge ?' 'No charge,' she answered lightly, ' only you are requested to look and not touch. Resume your seat, sir. The rehearsal is over.' And she walked to wards the door. 'Stop a bit, Mary,' he cried, going after her. Mrs. Graham watched her daughter with a mother's eyes, and thought what a handsome couple 6he and Wilfrid would make. But when Maty turned, she met her cousin's gaze without the least trace of embarrassment. If there still lingered a little excitement in her manner, it was oqly what would be ex pected of a girl on the eve of her first dance in public. ' What is it? she asked ' I want you and aunt to go for a sail. It may be our last chance this year. See,'-he pointed out of the window ' the water is like glass. There is only just enough wind to carry us along.' Mary hesitated. Much as she liked sailing, she would have preferred just now to contemplate the amusement of the morrow. But her cousin's wistful look decided her. . Yes, I'll go,' she said. ' You will come, mother, I know.' 'Of course dear,' replied Mrs. Gra ham, ' if you young people are not afraid of rheumatism, I'm ready to go with you.' And so it was settled. The two ladies went upstairs to dress, and Wilfrid hastened down to the quay to get the boat ready. The tide was high, and around the pierhead the white gulls were circling lazily, while patches of them floated in the glassy water, in whioh, away to the right, were mirrored the high cliffs beyond Peveril Terrace. The long, narrow harbour did not contain a single lugger; they were all away at the fish ing. The sheds along the quay looked dismal enough, but the wide valley, through which ran the little Neb, was filled with sunlight, and the uplands on either hand were radiant with gorso and heather. Peel Hill, just across the har bour, was especially brilliant in its gold and purple covering; and beneath it, opposite the pierhead, lay the rockbound circle of grass-almost an islet-where a few belated visitors were wandering among the red ruins of the old Castle. One of them, perched upon Fonolla's Tower, was gazing at the Galloway Mountains, faintly outlined in the far nbrtli. Two others stood upon the Castle steps, and Bliouted their entreaties to th§ ferryman to bring them back; hut he calmly smoked his pipe on the pier. Perhaps he did not hear thorn ; perhaps he was waiting till there were enough of them to make a journey worth his while. A few fishermen, lounging near the flagstaff1, chewed to Ihlcco and stared steadily at the sea. Sometimes ouo hoavod a remark at nothing in particular, whereupon tho others raised their eyes to his face for a moment, and then all fell to chewing with the same dogged perseverance as before. Thoro were no other signs of animation about. Tho season was at an end. Wilfrid approached the group of fishermen and addressed a stout, little old fellow with curiously-twisted feat ures and a lock of grey hair peeping from beneath his cap. 'Where is Mr. Graham's boat, Tommy ?' he asked. ' Down yonder,' replied Tommy, pointing down the harbour. 'Will I fetch her for you, Masther Graham ?' ' Aye, do.' Tho queer little ball of a man trotted off. When next he appeared, lie was paddling a pretty varnished boat up the 1 harbour. At the steps opposite the Castle he pulled alongside the quay. ' The lug's aboord,' he said, looking up at Wilfrid. ' Will you hev the mast up ? There iss no win' at all, on'y lil airs off the lan' now an' again.1 ' Up with the mast, Tommy. Miss Graham likes sailing best.' ' An' she knows how to sail a boat, too,' said Tommy, bis keen eyes twink ling at the thought that, by this diplo matic speech, he had certainly doubled the reward he would get. ' Man alive ! there iss not a hobbler in the harbour as could bate her; no, not waun. The boat seems alive when she handles the tiller. A terble foine lady that, Mas ther Graham.' : Tommy, it will be observed, though sparing of words as a rule, could talk fast enough when anything was to be gained by talking. Unfortunately for him, Wilfrid did not hear his last sentences. Seeing his aunt and cousin in tbe distance, lie had gone to meet them. However, the old follow had no cause to grumble at the reward he ro oeived. It was. even more than he expected. When the three were safely seated in tbe boat, Mary took the tiller and Wilfrid rowed until they were clear of the pierhead. Then the oars were taken in, the lug was hoisted ; and tho breeze, light as it was, carried them slowly away from the harbour. The water was so clear that they could see right down into the depths, where the fish were darting among the tall seaweed, but under the Castle walls the dark shadow made them turn their eyes elsewhere. As they rounded the islet, the southern extremity of the Bay, a range of mighty cliffs came into view-a long, dark range descending precipitously into the sea, with heath-clad slopes behind and moun tain peaks away in the background. Here and there among the cliffs nastled a pebbly little creek, and though no cottages were visible, several sheltered behind yonder promontory, the Niarbyl, and elsewhere along that rugged coast. ' If ever I want to run away,' said Mary, who was in high spirits, ' I know where to bide,' 'Where is that?' asked Wilfrid, laughing. ' Perhaps I may want to run after you.' She pointed at a creek opposite. ' There are plenty of cosy nooks about,' she said. 1 Nobody would ever look for me there. Oh, I do hope I shall have some dancing to-morrow night.' ' No fear of that,' said he, wincing at the thought of her dancing with others. ' Oh, I don't know,' she said, kindly, though in the same absent way that so often characterised her spoech. 'You must dance with me, of course, Wilfrid ; and, as one of tbe three bachelors of Feel, you must see that I am not neglected. The Island is overrun with girls. I wish somebody would import a cargo of men.' ' It would be like carrrying coals to Newcastle, wouldn't it? ' Bringing men to the Isle of Man 1 Ah, the name iB a mistake. Sit still, mother I I am going to splash you.' Laughing as she did so, she made the boat beel to the breeze, which was rather squally under the headlands, and when the gurgling water was nearly flush with the gunwale, some of it splashed into the air and fell in a sparkling shower. Her large, dark eyes beamed with delight; this beautiful girl looked more beautiful than ever, with her cheeks flushed and her bair escaping from beneath her hat in pretty disorder. But her mother, though smiling, could not help shivering at the sight of the water so close to her. ' I am sorry, mother,' said Mary penitently; ' I didn't mean to frighten you.' With a touch of the hand she brought the boat on to a level keel again, and, though Wilfrid pleaded for a longer Bail, turned its head in the direction of the harbour. Clouds lind stolen into the sky, .and clustered thickly around the mountain tops. The sun was sink ing in a blazo of angry crimson, and from a distant cavern came the hungry moan of the sea. 'There will bo a storm to-inorrow,' said Wilfrid. ' Oh, dear,' said Mary, ' I hope it won't spoil my new dress.' When they arrived at the pier, Wil frid hailed Tommy, and would gladly have given the boat into his charge. But anxious as he was to accompany his aunt and cousin, they gave him no en couragement, so he thought it prudent to bid them good-bye. A slight feeling of depression, duo, perhaps, to atniosphcric influence, had come upon both. After leaving the quay they walked silently through the quaint little street, so narrow that a cart could hardly pass along it, and so crooktft that tho old smugglers used to have rare fun in dodging the revenue officers. It wus not until tlioy reached the market-place, with the hotel on one side of it, that cither of them spoke. Then Mrs. Graham said ' I wonder if your father lias re turned ?' 'Long ago, I should think,' roplicd Mary. ' He said lin would lift back soon.' But when tlioy reached lionie lie was not there. ' Will you have supper now, ma'am V asked Hannah, * It is laid.1 ?No,' replied Mrs. Graham. 'Your master can't be very long, unless'-she hesitated, not liking to confess sho did not know where ho had gone-' he should be staying at Major Graham's.' As was her custom of an evening, she sat down to read a religious book, while Mary tried to occupy herself with lier fancy work. But the girl was restless and uneasy; she could not fix her at tention upon any tiling; she wandered about the room, taking up first one article and then another, and always returning to the window. It was not that her mind was disturbed by any definite trouble, but with the deepening gloom her depression was gradually takingliold of all her energies. With out a word to her mother she left the room, opened the hall door, and stood there looking out anxiously. Before her lay the gravel terrace, stretching the whole length of the row of houses. It took a short, sharp turn at either end, and so reached the road. Beyond the terrace the cliff dropped almost perpendicularly upon the beach, and Mary could distinctly hear the melancholy murmur of the water upon the shingle below. Over the dull, groy sea trembled a solitary star; the sky overhead was dark and threatening, and the wind came in fitful guBts. Down in the hollow to the left a few lights glim mered in the town, but the Oastle beyond was fast disappearing in the night. At most times Mary would have thoroughly enjoyed the scene, and even now her eyes rested with tranquil pleas ure upon that solitary star. But won dering at the cause of her father's absenoe, she went along the terrace and stood by the roadside. A rough-coated old Manxman went past in the dusk, tacking up the hill as if ho was breasting a gale of wind, and muttering to himself as he tried to guide liis unsteady footsteps. 'OominT said he, peering doubtfully at the beautiful girl, whom he had not noticed a moment before, and waiting anxiously for her answer so that he might be assured she was humau, and not some visitant from that strange world of. ghosts and mer maids with which his parents were so familiar. He had scarcely gone when another appeared and said ' CominT in the same tone and with the same look. He, too, went away up the hill and vanished in the darkness. Then fol lowed a silence, broken only by the rising wind. But presently there appeared a horse coming slowly down the hill, and by its side-or rather bohind it-walked a tall man holding the bridle. The horse stopped every few yards and looked back at the man, whom it seemed to be lead ing. Advancing in this gradual way, it eventually approached close enough for Mary to recognise her father. A thrill of alarm ran through her as she perceived that hiB hat was battered and his coat stained with mud. With clasped hands and a look of indescrib able awe in her young face, she watched him drawing nearer, and could neither move nor utter a word. When John Graham saw his daugh ter, he loosed the bridle and made a movement towards her. But he stag gered and fell insensible at her feet. He was dead ! So great was the shock that Mary dropped as if a blow had stunned her, and as father and daughter laid side by side in the road, the horse lowered its head and whinnied over them. 