Hog and Horse. A RACE IN ILLINOIS. We are unable to ascertain to whom die credit for this truthful racing tale should be Once during time, the proprietor of a hotel in a little town in Illinois was a hone fancier. He was suoh'an enthusiast that it was common talk that his boarders would be' more likely to live if lie would devote more attention to the bill of fare _ and less to horse. But he continued to talk horse and the undertaker still thrived. One day he suddenly disappeared When he returned he brought with him a horse. He called it a runner and said it was bred in Kentucky, although no one believed he went beyond the Egyptian districts of Illinois to get it. Sped the months, and to all the boarders came a feeling such as we read of in patent medicine advertisements. The landlord talked of nothing bat the speed ot khf» homo. ‘ ' At last, in a state of mental aberration, a suburban resident named Turner offered to bet that the horse oould not beat one of his hogs for a quarter of a mile. After the penin sular on the landlord’s face had grown red enough to do credit to a Kentucky colonel, he replied that he would bet all kinds of money that no ' hog could outrun bis horse. While his mind was still on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 dollars, whloh was immediately covered by the landlord. Then Turner’s senses came home. How, 10 dollar lulls are not as plentiful with him as they were with Cortez after he discovered Mexico, and he at once fled to a point of seclusion where he could think ont a scheme for saving the de posit. He thought and thcraght. Hethought about the hard times; about how great Ananias could have been if he had lived in an age when fame was. acquired because of having owned fast horses; but firstly and lastly he thought abont that 10doL. Turner had some Poland China hogs which he claimed had been imported direct from Poland or Iceland, he wasn’t > positive which, but they'were of the bar- tender.variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman lsofpassinglaws that would benefits town. At last before his mindappeared aghost. It must have been a ghost, for an animated frame of hones can’t be anything else; this ghost was nothing more nor less, and it oould not have been any less without parting with the tail, than a Southern wind-splitting, razor-back hog. It was of the same kind that a Mississippi scientist thought would make admirable substitutes for the carrier pigeons if they could he indncedto return home at the top of their speed. Tu ner knew that a razor-baok hog wonld go farther for a feed than a poiioeman after a drink, and at a much faster gait. He con cluded it was jnst what he wanted. He gained a concession of six weeks for training, raised the bet to SOdol., and at first oppor tunity imported a shadow of a hog. : His first plans matured rapidly, and when the hog arrived he was ready. The first lesson was like teaching a small boy the danger of eating green apples. It consisted of plaoing a bnoket of feed at one end of the laqe and trying to start the hog in at the other. Finally the hog was persuaded to go down the lane. V Of' ooarse it found the feed. It was -not'neces sary to diet the hog to make it hungry. The inBtant it was in any other condition'it ceased to be a razor-back. To malms long: story short, that hog.proved'to be the most apt atndent ever seen in' Illinois. The lessons were repeated daily, and the hog allowed to go down the lane' at a clip so hot that if the. race. had occurred in Sodom or Kansas City either town wonld have horned. . . : The landlord got a little hit shaky about starting his horse against the hog, but his money was Up, and on the day appointed he oame to the soore. The entries were to be sent from a s tands till start. Everybody was told to get ready. A 'score. of: idle hearts waited for the word. It was given and * the hog ; released. It started with, a “ booh" that weald have frightened a Chicago mayor and went down the road like a frightened comet. For at least five seoonds the horse did nothing but rear and snort his disapproval of sooh a con test, and when once started it was evident he •would rather do anything than'overtake the object bobbing np and down in the distance. The hog won. Turner pooketed'the 50dol. and moved to town. The landlord sold the horse, bought a hatchet, and ever since has, been engaged in choppiw the wood and ont-: ting off the feet of spri^ chickens.—“The Horseman.” 