THE GOVERNOR'S SPEECH. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— So at last the Speech is disposed of and it is to be hoped that most of the pro posals contained in it will be read and dis charged fortnwith without waste of time. What half-dozen men outside of a lunatio asylum would think of increasing the liabilities of this already overburdened country, knowing that the interest on the present debt owing to the low price of products ia not slowly, but rapidly, draining its lifeblood ? What on enrth ia the good of making a railway to Wow Wow Plains 1 No wheat can be grown there at the present price, and thero is not the ghost of a chance of the price materially advancing. In fast it is pretty certain that South Australia in a few years' time will cea-e to be a wheat exporter altogether. But the proposal to grant subsidies to b«et sugar factories is indeed a staggerer. What is tho object? The best of sugar is only 2d. a lb. retail, and it can only be supplied at this pries by black labour or by the half-starved peasants of Germany, and how is it possible to produce it here at even double the prico by Australian labour, which is none too highly paid as it is^ In 1892 England paid J-9,540,819 to Germany for bounty-fed sugar, and doubtless it pays Germany to heavily subsidize the in dustry. A country that has seen 100,000 of her eons leave her shoros every year during the last twenty years was bound to do pomething to check the exodus. Aftor this beet proposal one would not be at all surprised to see this ' Government of all tbe talents' attempt to carry into effect the nica little resolution that was passed at the Port Adelaide Democratic Club on May 27 last, on tho occasion of an address by Mrs. Mary Lee on 'Women's SulTra^e'— ' That the Government should establish rose and lavender farms and perfume distilleries in the interest of working womon.' And this reminds mu that the Government propose to introduce this woman's frauchiae business again this session, a matter that is already responsible for more waste of timo than any other similar trumpery subject ever introduced, and which no one save a fow womanish men and mannish women ever eeriouely considers for a moment. Fancy a man wooing gentle elecp with his wife warb ling a lullaby into bis ears something after this fashion : — You must wake and call m» early; call me aarly, Jimmy riear! To-morrow'H !-o tho happiest day of all the blessed yenr. To-morrow at ths polling booth we ladies cat oar capcr.i, And you, my love, mast stay at home and peel the frugal taters. There'll be many a stylish dreis there, bnt none so grand as mini). Tbe Jontse:) th«y will come it itrosg, aad the Biownse* they will shine; The wealthy lower orders, too, will mutter strongly tlieie Wiih the cherubs of Bosina-street and the ladies of Light- square. And we're going to plump for Charley, likewise for Mary Lee, Who's going to start us all on farms and give us liberty. And we're going to grow sweet lavender and wop ping cabbage roaea, Which wo've only got to squeeze 'em and they scent our puny nosei. So Jimmy, dsar, in fntnre, love, you'll hare to do (lie sciuhbin', And the washirr of the Bocks and things wot takes a lit o1 rubbin'; And when your hard day s work ii done you'll hare ti- cook your supper, While I loika on aa ladies do in the circles called the hupp«r. But what about the prominence givei to the disputed boundary business and tbe pro posal to refer it to the Law Courts? la this another attempt to feather the lawyer*' nests at the expense of the country, d la the Arthur will case, only on a more gigantic scale? However, judging from the sensible remarks of Mr. Archibald oo this quietly concooted litilt scheme, the Labour party will nip it in the bud, and for this they will deserve tbe thanks of tbe whole community, including even tho National Defence League. There is one thine that Parliament might advantageously discuss (being a matter of importance, of conrse, it is not mentioned io tbe Speech), acd that is the completion of the Transcontinental Railway on the land-grant system. One does not ezactly like the prinoiple, but in railway matters, as in many others, it is unwise to lay down a hard and fast rule. There is one thing certain, and that is that we are nnable to com plete it ounelvHS, md if we can get other* to do so on anything like fair terms it would necessarily be to our advantage. I am, Sir, ft:., JOHN RICHARDS. Jnne29. 