The Lady Belmore Mine Copeland. ? While on Copeland our reporter had the pleasure of visiting the Lady Belmore gold mine, owr.ed by Messrs. Brockwell and Edwards, and formerly held by Mr' James Irwin, of Moun tain Maid fame, who worked the mine for some vears with verv satisfactory results, the crushings going as higb as Bit ounces, and seldom less than 3oz. of free gold to the tou. Unfortunately for Mr. Irwin, he abandoned the mine, and after laying idle for some time it was taken up by Messrs Brockwell and Edwards, and under the energetic management of R. Edwards, who by the way is a thoroughly practical mirier, it bids fair to become one of the best dividend paying mines in New South Wales. Under the guidance of Mr. Edwards, we started in the tunnel driven from Back Creek in a westerly direction, a distance of 450ft. on the line of reef. Having gone through several g°°d shoots of gold which in turn have been worked from surface to a few feet below the tunnel level, after traversing the tunnel about 300ft. Mr Edwards showed me the spot where he struck .a shoot of gold, and has two other shoots in the remaining distance, with very short blanks between. At the 450ft., a winze has just been Btarted and is down 50ft. below the tunnel level, on splendid stone all the way. While cutting a chamber out of, the hanging wall a north and south vein was struck. A trial crushing of stone taken from this went 6oz. to the ton. The property is undoubtedly a good onp, and the owneis are to be complimented upon the energy dis played in developing the mine, and I feel positive that in the near future they will be amply rewarded by rich yields There are at present, 17 tons of atone at grass, wbicb should go from 6 to 8oz. to the ton. The deepest gold-bearing quartz in Australia has just been pierced in the New Chum Railway claim at Berdigo. A reef has been met with at a depth of 2800ft., and_ the stone is of the right sort so far as appearances go. Lansell's 180 shaft, on the same line of reef, is now down 3150ft., and several cross-cuts east and west are shortly to be started. Lnnsell de serves all he has got and can got for his pluck. ? (The two people who doubtless cin sider themselves the most ill-used on earth reside in Tasmania. One is a man, t'other a woman. The latter, owing to a string of co-incidents, be lieves the roan to be the long-lost husband who deserted her years ngo in Maoriland, and she actually had him arrested for bigamy after ' having harassed him alrarst to death. Under this charge he proved that ho was married in Yorkshire CEn?.) nearly 40 yearB ago, and has resided with his wife ever since. TJtter'y disregarding the verdict 'Not guilty,' the lady still pursues her victim, 'sticks him up' in the street, ghosts him to his hoiiBe, and, to make his life still more unsupportable, distributes printed circulars denouncing him. The latest of these effusions has goaded the sub ject of it to retaliation, which takes the form of an action for criminal libel. An interesting case should en sue. 