DECLARATION ON THE INSPIRATION OF HOLY SCRIPTUEE. The undersigned, deeply sympathising with the distress and distur bance of mind which have been widely felt among Church people generally, and in particular by many theological students, in conse quence of the unsettling effect of recent discussions on matters connected with the criticism of the Bible, have ventured to put forth the following theses, under the conviction that they express truths which form an essential part of the Church's belief, and in the hope that when published they may tend to clear the issue, and be found to indicate with sufficient plainness the attitude which Churchmen may adopt in the present controversy : — , I. By Inspiration is meant a special action of the Holy Ghost, varying in character and in degree of intensity, upon those writers from whom the Church has received the books included in the Canon of Scripture, by which those books were directed to certain Divine purposes, and protected from all defects injurious to those purposes. II. The mam purpose of Holy Scripture is generally to reveal truths concerning God and man, and in particular to bear witness to our Lord Jesus Christ. It fulfils this latter purpose, as in other ways so specially, by being the record (1) of the preparation for Christ's Incarnation by the selection and supernatural training of a chosen people; (2) of His manifestation when 'The Word dwelt among us;' (3) of the results of that manifestation, viz. — the Coming and Presence of His Holy Spirit, the revelation of His mind in Christian doctrine, the building up of His Church on the foundation laid by and in Him, the communication of the fruits of His redemptive work, and the promise of His appearing and His kingdom. III. The several books of the Old Testament were delivered to the faithful of the Old Covenant, to whom God had revealed Himself through the oral teaching of His messengers and prophets ; and were retained as 'Holy Scriptures,' ' able to make men wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus,' when the several books which make up the New Testament were successively entrusted to faithful Christians, baptised and instructed in the Church of God, which is ' the pillar and ground of the truth.' The way in which Holy Scrip ture has been sometimes isolated, by the attempt to use it as the sole ground of faith, and without the precedent condition of belief in Christ and fellowship with His Church, has been the cause of much .misconception and confusion. IV. The frequent reference made by our Lord to the Old Testament in support of His own claims, or in illustration of His teaching, is decisive in favour of its inspiration in the sense defined above. V. It is certain that all the words of our Lord were always the most perfect words for His purpose, and that the forms in which they have been recorded for us are those which are best adapted to the needs of the Church. VI. Since the Human Mind of our Lord was inseparably united to the Eternal Word, and was perfectly illuminated by the Holy Spirit in the discharge of His office as Teacher, He could not be deceived, nor be the source of deception, nor intend to teach, even incidentally, for fact what was not fact. . VII. The Divine revelation set forth in the Bible is progressive, and issues in the final manifestation in the New Testament of God's truth and will. The Bible taken as a whole possesses conclusive authority in matters pertaining to faith and morals. . VIII. The Church has never authoritatively formulated what she has received to hold concerning the scope and limits of the Inspiration of Holy Scripture ; and it may even be said that there has not been a complete unanimity of view among her accredited teachers in regard to some points connected with that scope and those limits ; but the undersigned believe that at least so much as these theses express has been held 'everywhere,' 'always,' and 'by all.' Signed by Canons Body, Bright, Carter, Hammond, Medd, Newbolt, Eandolph, Worledge, and others. 