iphrim's ioluran. BRAVE KITTY PRESTON. BY FRED MYLON COLBY. LADT CATHERINE PRESTON, " little Lady Kitty " her friends and her domestics called her, lived in a grand old castellated mansion, in northern England some two hundred years ago. She was only a wee bit of a girl, but in that little nine year old head, covered with its clustering curls was all the courage and pride which had come down through the Preston line from the valiant warrior who had won broad lands and a baronet's title in the wars of the Roses. "When we first see her, she is romping gaily about Ler lather's halls in the stately northern castle, like a bit of sunshine against the somberness of the old feudal residence. The grim portraits on the walls seemed to soften when the young girl went singing by; her graceful figure rebuked the massive statues in their niches and her light step sent cheerful echoes through the silent, ghostly rooms. Those were unsettled gloomy times in which she lived. Over the sea in our own country, the smoke of the first witch-burning was darkening the sky over the roofs of Salem, and all along the frontier the Indian warw-hoop and the flames of burning dwellings filled the settlers' hearts with fear. A bloody war was raging between Germany and France, and desolated provinces were smoking with ruin. In England, a new king had just com? to the throne after hard fighting, and just over the channel in green Ireland a battle had been fought which settled the fate of James Stuart forever. So while the exiled king dreamed of his lost kingdom amid the vain splendors of St. Germains in France, his daughter Mary and her royal husband, William of Orange, together wore the crown that had once been his. But there were some noble gentlemen who still thought that the old king had a better right to the throne than the new one, and they made up their minds to do what they could to restore him. Lord Preston, Kitty's father, was one of these. Deep gratitude to King James for special favors conferred upon him in former days, perhaps more than the conviction that he was the rightful king, persuaded the baronet to this course. Whatever his feelings might be, however, they could not restoie to King James his vanished crown. The conspiracy was discovered before anything was effected, and Lord Preston and his friends were convicted of high treason and sentenced to death. To Lady Kitty, in her northern castle, was brought the tidings of her father's imprisoment, and the doom that awaited him. AH the courage and heroism that had till then slumbered in her childish breast awoke at once to activity. " My papa shall not die ! " she cried, stamping her little foot and looking as fierce and determined as one of the stern, mailed figures of the Preston Knights in the corridor. "What has he done that he mutt never come home again ? I will save him." " But, child, what can you do ? " interposed her nurse, Dame Amy Gradwell, who since Lady Preston's death on Kitty's seventh birthday, had been invested with the oversight of the motherless girl. , " I will plead to the Queen on my knees, but I will save him, and he shall rule once more at Preston Hall," said Lady Kitty. 4 ' Nurse, you must prepare to go with me to London, and you must order the coach at once, for papa will want to see me." There were no rail-roads in those days, but all the great nobles and the wealthy kept a large coacli which was used when they wished to go a long distance. It was in such a carriage, heavy, cumbrous, but stately, that little Kitty Preston journeyed all the long way from the distant northern county to the English capital. Many a girl could not have gone in that style, but the little figure which sat inside dressed in the rich fur cloak, the scarlet trimmings, and the white plumed hat, would have gone to her father all the same though she had been obliged to go on foot, and wearing rags instead of jewels and costly satins. The journey was a long and tedious one, and it was a very impatient little girl who descended from the carriage when it halted UDder the shadow of the great Tower, within whose gloomy dungeons her father was confined. The messenger who had brought to Preston Hall the tidings of its lord's imprisonment, had also been the beaier of a passport to the Tower, which the royal clemency had granted. It was therefore easy enough to secure admission to her father's cell. Kitty had thought that she should be very brave; but when she looked at the frowning ramparts of the ancient feudal fortress, with whose history were interwoven many sad stories of royal crime which her nurse had related to her on the way to London, and saw the stern soldiers on guard, with their crossed halberds before the huge portal, she trembled and drew back beneath the protecting folds of Dame Gradwell's clo$k. Within the Tower her childish imagination tortured her with a thousand fantasies, and she looked every moment to see the scowling visage of the crook-backed Bictard, who had murdered his innocent young nephews in one of those chambers, staring at her from some dark corner; or the ghost of the saintly Lady Jane Grey stalking in rustling white through the shadowy _ ' gloom, and was very thankful when she stood at last ^fcjrf^re her father in his lonely room. It was a mournful meeting. Tears stood in Kitty's eyes when she noticed how grave and worn he was—he who had once been so gay and handsome, and who loved her so well. " 0 papa," she exclamed, " are they going to kill you just as wicked King James did good Sir Walter Raleigh ? Tell me, what have you done 1" and she clung to him violently. " My dear child, be composed," said Lord Preston. " You remember going with me once when your dear mother wa3 alive to see our second King James at Whitehall, and have you forgotten how kindly he spoke to you, and told you how much you resembled his daughter, the Princess of Orange, when she was of your age?" " No, papa, I recollect it all, and how I thought what a noble gentleman the king was, but why do you speak of this ? " " Because it is for my very attachment to this same king that his daughter, now Queen of England, has condemned me to death. Kitty, your father is an attainted traitor, simply because his heart clung to the deposed monarch more than to William of Orange, who aits on the throne with the daughter of the royal Stuart. But I am content, save for you, darling. It will be hard to part with you." " I think Queen Mary is real wicked, and I am sorry I ever looked like her," cried Kitty, impulsively, "and I wish—" " Hush ! hush! child, you must not talk so," said her father. " She is our Queen." " Then she must pardon you, papa; for I shall never like her one bit if you have to die." " My loved one, there is no one to plead my cause; and even if there were, it is doubtful if she would listen. Now let us talk of what concerns you, for you will have to leave me soon." " But, papa, I am going to see the Queen myself, • and I know she will pardon you when she hears what I shall plead." " You, child ! " he exclaimed incredulously. " She would not listen to your petition—the daughter of a traitor." " But, papa, God will tell me what to say, and I shall be so earnest she can not say me nay," she said, her eyes flashing with Preston fire. " Be it so, then, Kitty," said Lord Preston at last. " You are brave and thoughtful beyond your years. Go and see what you can do, and may God indeed be with you." There was much weeping at the parting, but when Kitty left the Tower it was with a lighter heart than when she entered it. She was going to save her father, and her young heart was full of hope. Queen Mary was coming from chapel at Hampton Court, attended by a bevy of fair maids, all splendidly dressed in crimson and gold, and chatting gaily, with never a thought of the- men who were to die on the morrow, men whose blood was as noble as any in England's broad realm. In the long gallery of the palace they came face to face with little Kitty Preston. The dark portrait on the walls looked strangely out of place contrasted either with the queen's royal suit or the pathetic beauty of the nobleman's child who was there to plead her father's cause. The pretty, innocent eyes of Lady Kitty grew eloquent as they rested on the queen, who pleased with the rare grace and loveliness of the young girl, enquired who she was. " I am the daughter of Lord Preston, whom you have condemned to death," answered Kitty boldly, " and I am here to ask you to save him." The queen's face flushed, and a frown for a moment darkened that brow which had all the beauty of her race, but when she saw the hot tears start from the eyes of her childish petitioner, she felt a throb of pity at her heart. " It is beyond my power, child, to do aught for him whose life you value so much," she said gently. " He has broken the laws of his country and he must die." " Oh, mercy, mercy, royal lady," cried the child in her emotion forgetting the persuasive speech she had meant to say, and casting herself at the queen's feet, •she said, " Oh, do spare my father ! " The queen's heart was touched at the distress of her little visitor, but as she believed the death of Lord Preston to be a necessary political measure, she felt that she could not grant the request. " And you will kill my father, who is so good and kind that everyone loves him," said the pleader reproachfully. " How can you be so cruel ? Is there no mercy in your heart ? " " You must remember that you are a very little girl, and that you must not attempt to instruct me in my duty," observed the queen gravely. " You are a very dutiful and loving child, and it is not your fault that Lord Preston dies to-morrow." The streaming eyes of the young girl glanced from the queen's face to a portrait which graced the wall above their heads. Both knew the features of that royal face right well. It was the likeness of the dethroned monarch, whose friends that monarch's daughter had condemned to death, and the deep, solemn eyes seemed to gaze rekukingly upon her. " Why do you regard that picture so earnestly, my child 1" inquired the queen, as she observed the fascinated interest with which she fastened her eyes upon the portrait. "My gracious lady, I was thinking," answered Kitty sobbing out afresh, " how strange it was that you should wish to kill my father, only because he loved yours so faithfully." King James's political errors had been grave ones, but the queen thought not of them in that moment of sacred emotion. She only remembered the tender father he had been and how that then he was a exile in a foreign land through her own and her husband's plottings. The contrast presented to her mind by Kitty Preston's artless leproof, of her conduct as a daughter compared with the filial love of the girl before her whom she was about to make an orphan, smote her heart. Placing her hands on the flaxen curls of the little heroine, she said, while tears came into her own eyes, " Dear child, thou hast prevailed. Rise and take my pardon to thy father ; thy filial love has saved him." And so little Kitty Preston's bold pleading saved her father's life and restored him to his honors.. Her nine little years had done more than an army, and indeed they accomplished more than Lord Preston could have wished, for they made him a faithful subject to Queen Mary's government. In later years Kitty herself went to court as one of the maids of honor to the queen, and still later she was Lady Kitty Preston no longer, but Lady Widrington.— Chicago Advance. 