NOTES FROM MELBOURNE. [By MENTOR.] Melbourne, October 15. Walking up Collins-street on the day before the Guineas I was asking myself in a condition of wondering doubt whether twelve months had actually fleeted away since I landed here on the same errand in " Tarcoola's year.9' Yes, there was no doubt about it but it seemed to me that weeks instead of months had inter vened. I thought Melbourne looked quiet, with lees people in the streets and less business beetle, otherwise the aspect of things was un changed. Saturday morning broke fine and pleasant, affording a marked contrast to the Guineas day of last year, when a copious downpour of the liquid element caused the postponement of the races. On the pre sent oooaaion the elements were in every way favorable, and if the attendance at the noes was not up to the avenge it must be accounted for by many well-known faces being away in the west, at Murobison, Hannan'a, or Coolgardie. Amongst thote present were the Governor and Lady Hope toon. Notwithstanding a difference of opinion Z cad with fiarrie Smith last year, I was pleased to see the secretary of the y.A/F.C. bo far recovered from his late illness as to be able to resume his duties, although he has not yet recovered his old bloom and vigor. The fair ccx assembled in full force, and being their first opportunity of the «"w?"" for m^in'np a display of new cos tumes they availed themselves freely of the privilege. What we had seen on the lawn at our. Hunt dab meeting at Morphettville was in a measure reproduoed here, but I have always thought that the ladies of Adelaide dreas with more taste and lees display than tbointeaof Melbourne, and therefore Uve & more distingue air and more graceful car riage than are common to the sex here. This remark may seem ungraoions from a visitor, but while admitting there is a lot of "go" and dash in the Victorian?, yet it is not unfair to claim Bcme special quality for Adelaide. However, to Ken on to the racing, we were all greatly interested in the opening events of the spring racing campaign, because the crest element of uncertainty is to large a factor in racing that one wants the guide of public form to aid him in making a cast for future winners. We know that in-and-out running is a trouble all the season, but in the case of debutants in the early classic events we have fresh material entirely to eauge and estimate at a market value. I need not traverse the details of the running on Saturday, because they have already been fully recorded in your columns. When scrolling round the birdcage before the first noe, in conversation with a Melbourne colleague, I put in the elaima of Port Admiral, who ran second for the Stakes last year, and Brockleigb. his viotor, is now out of tbe way. The reply I got wa.«, "Port Admiral hasn't the ghost of a show this time," and his running verified the statement. I couldn't find Quinn after the race to get any explanation from him, but on tnis form tbe Fnlbam Park representative will not earn his oate over here. It must not be foreotten, however, that Carnage, Tarooola, Fortunatus, Nobleman, Paris, Hcva, and others were in the same race and equally unconapicuons at the finish, so it may be nearer the mark to regard tbe Caulfield Stakes running as proving that the three-year-old division nave all tbe best of it at weight for age over a mile and a furlong at this time of year. With the excep tion ot three horses 10 to 1 and longer prices were obtainable about the eeveral candidates, but the backers of favorites had a severe blow and could hardly believe their eyes when they perceived Harvester sailing home in front of his field. Ills nautical owner, Sam Cook, was nearly as much surprised as anybody, because his colt looked on the big tide and uot wound up to concert pitch. He obtained 15 to 1 for the modei* £3 that he pat on Harvester. Tbe oolt is a stoat raking chesxrat, by Jlartin Lougblin'a old Cop winner, the defunct Sheet Anchor, and his dam is Springtime (dam of the Yeoman, by Fireworks, from Spring Blossom by Fisherman. (If I remember rightly, Mr. Robertson has a sister of Spring time at Tnrretfield.) Springtime is now owned by Mr. Cook, who bought her with Harvester at foot from Mr. D. H. Hill, of Lindenon, in Gippsiand. Harvester is not engaged in either of the two cups, but likely to run promi nently in the Derby, for which be ia now a better favorite than Dreamland. Harvester waa sweating a good deal when he palled up, but he galloped ao freely that he looked as though be could stay three furlongs more, and be has another fortnight to prepare for tbe blue riband. Malachite made a bold bid for victory and was travelling very fast when he earns np at the finish and gained second posi tion. Kureka, the Queensland horse, who waa third, ia one of the big and sturdy sort and should be heard of again ere long. By his lead into the straight Nobleman showed he ia the possessor ot a good deal of foot, bat v deficient in staying power. The weight add pace told on the other* in the race, bat I think we shall see Carnaire for oob to much better advantage in the Melbourne Cop. The Hurdle Race need only be referred to as a very easy victory for Ebor, who romped borne with 12 at. 3 lb. The Canlneld Guineas brought out a doxen candidate*, and tbe two who most attracted attention in the paddock wore Moorite and Dreamland. The former looked both well and fit, and the Maribymons Plata winner wa? blooming enough notwith standing hi* recent attack of strangles. Htt running, however, indicated thai hu prepara tion had keen retarded, and it must not be forgotten that Carnage ran unplaced in the Guinea* last year, bat ho afterwards romped home ia the Derby. What I liked about Dreamland was the way he came inside tbe distance, and be finished as though be would have liked to go another half mile. lam yet of opinion that whatever beats him will win toe Derby, and that Harvester will have ail his work out out to m home alongside him. Moorite out op «o badly at the start that I don't know what to make ot it. Hi* owner told all bis friend* daring tbe weak to back tbe aoit for the Guineas, bat cow there are some people who are imtteneroaa enough to tay "that was the straight office for the Derby." Moorite ham sot previously shown any disposition to shirk his work, bet be was certainly left at the pott badly on Saturday, and Mr. Power, tbe steward, who accompanied the starter, exonerates that official from any blame. The local dailiet attribute Moonte's conduct to aulkineae, and it is said that his rider. Sanders, had a fair amount of hi* own money on tbe colt. I (eel satisfied, however, we shall are tbe son oi Gang Forward—Hairir a make a better display if he goes to tbe post for tbe Derby. Jimmy Goosh steered Cobbttty bone ao easy winner by two lengths is 1 mm. 44 sea, tbe quickest tame that tins Guineas have been ran in. Cobbittv. wbo was trained by Walter Hickenbotham, b tbe property of Mrs. Jams White, bat is teased to Mr. 5. M. Lloyd, a weU-reapncted member of tbe V.E.C. committee, and bis owner pat a tenner on him with tbe ring on Saturday. By Aber corn from Copra, by Rooinaon Crusoe from Cocaasut (dam of Navigator and Trident), Cybbitcy has excellent running blood in cm veins. He ran unplaced la** ytar at tbie meet ing in to* Debutant Stakes and was unplaced in tbe Msribyr?ong Plate, bat be woo tbe Nursery Handicap at the V.R.C. meeting and the Nannanby Stakes on New Year's Day. He ran three times unplaced at tbe neeut A-J.C meeting at Hand wick. Marusa wbo came np very fast at the finish and gained second position, is a brother to Mal volio. Bonnie Sootland was carrying 7 lb. penalty asd finiahed a fair fourth, so that, running with more thanjbis Derby weight up, this eolt'f chaoses tor tbe blue riband most be respected. J. Tieokey. wbo rode Atlas, was reported fur disobeduoce and got a Booth's suspension, which was after wards redaaed to a fortnight. Destiny ran well ia As Gniaeas for three parts of the journey, bat bad to give way at tbe tarn. Tbe Steeplechase was a ace-bone affair, aa King Looia went to tbe front and was never caogbt. He is an old hots* by Monarqae from liutttr cap. or Horatio, and was bred in Tasmania. With 16 runners in tbe Debatant Stakes this should have bam one of the moat interest ing events of tba day, but the interest in it was marred by the provoking delay at the pott, when the youngsters wrre breaking away for fully 20 min&ua.; When the nag did eventually fall it waa to a straggling start, in which tba favorite. Challenger, pot; wvU away and racing home like a real workman be won in a oummon eantir, and by bu pace and bis style fairly made hacks ol the others. There was great cheering as bone and rider returned tofccale. Challenger is by Eiridspord—Water lily ; Eiridspord ia by Isooomy from Soucie Queen, by Market; WautlUy is by Rapid Bay from Wnibsand-Bloe, by Monseigneur. and with these «t~in. ha should prove himself something exceptional. He is suuh a fine handsome oolt with a marvellous fctrida that bar accidents it looks as though the Maribyroong Plato waa all over. Ho has incurred 10 lb. penalty for this ev«nt, bat he will be able to carry it with tbe same ease that Hortense did. Mr. Hughes estimates Thunderer to be 2 at. bettor than any of our youngsters, and Challenger seenw to stand out in tbe same way superior to the youngsters bete. It is a pity Thunderer is not in the Maribyrnong, as it would be a treat to sea the pair meaiiuring strides to gether, and if a match oouid be got up be tween them it would be watched with intense interest. This is the third occasion on wbiuh T. Sanders has ridden the wiener of the Debatant Stakes, previously scoring on Moorite and Lord Hopetoan. Last Saturday's time (4'JJ seo.) is the best time on record for tbe raoe. Challenger was brad at St. Aluane, but waa not offered for sale, being one or those whom Mr. W. K. Wilson decided on reserving for racing. All the youngsters who finished behind him on Saturday are engaged in the Maribyrnoog Plate. L. Thomas and W. Pearson were fined £11 each for disobedience at the post and Sanders £10 for the came offence. It is certainly time that the starting machine was in vogue. In the last race of the day 23 riders were fined £5 each. This helps to make racing a very expensive game to the owners who have to pay. The Tuorak Handicap furnished a surprise in the victory of Devon, who for some reason or other was negleoted in tbe betting ring, except by bis astute owner and a few friends. Devon was beaten in a raoe a week ago, but most people overlooked the face that in the race referred to be ran well for a mile and this was tbedibtance over which he romped in on Saturday. He bad tbe bandy weight of 7 at. 12 lb. and has incurred a penalty of 7 lb. for the Caulfield Cap, bringing him up 7 et 12 lb., and be will bave to be handicapped for the Mel bourne Gap, in which his weight is 7 fit. 6 lb. at present. Devon is by Mask Hose from Tbe West, the dam of Occident, winner of the Otago and Dunedin Cans. Solanum and Bruin both ran creditably in the Handicap, but Selim disappointed bis unpporters, and it looked as though eeveral runners were carried off their legs by tbe pace, the mile being out out in 1 mm. 42 fceo. Besides fining all the riders, three of them—Shrimpton, Thomas, and Maybin—were suspended for a fortnight each. The final aooeptanoee for the Cauineld Cup are due at 4 p.m. tomorrow (Tuesday), after which speculation in that event will go on in zeal earnest 