The last session of the fifteenth Parliament of Victoria lias hogun its work. There is an enormous quantity to bo done. And the Question asked out of Parliament is — Will it he accomplished ? The portents are not hopeful. Sir Graham Berry pleads that the weight of years will preclude his taking a position which promises to he one of more than ordinary difficulty, in face of a stormy session. It cannot ho forgotten that in the past Sir Graham lias done good service for the Liberal cause. In the election of Mr. Sliiels as the leader of the Opposition the Left have chosen a fighting chief, and one who cherishes a memory of personal wrongs which ho will sock to wipo out. The Governor's Speech gives no cluo to Minis terial intentions. Tho few promises given are so hedged around witli the customary diplomatic language that they may mean anything or nothing. Wo aro to have new mining legislation of some kind ; the old Insect Pests Bill is to ho revived ; there is to he another chance given to Mr. M'Coll to legislate on the amendment of the Water Aet ; the Companies Act is to be seriously tackled ; the Charities Bill is to he at tempted at last ; and some law making provision for destitute persons is to he placed on tho stocks. All these subjects, aavo the last, were before the House last session. They were pushed out of place then by tlie exigency of dealing witli a complicated Budget, and no man can guarantee them a better fate this year, in view of tho late (late of meeting Parliament and the press of business that must crowd the notice paper. The railway question is one matter men tioned in the Speech which must certainly take up a deal of time. It is touched upon so gingerly as to give rise to no contro versial matter, hut evorybody knows that it will necessarily he a bone of hitter con tention. Mr. Frank Madden, amidst shouts of satirical laughter, whilst moving an address in the Govern ment interests, described the present Ministor of Railways as being quite unfitted for liis position. Mr. Biehardson might well have exclaimed witli Falstafl— " Gall you this backing of your friends ? "A plague upon such backing!" The House was almost equally merry over tho new member's innocence wiien he expressed his pleasure that the Government lias promised to give the country a measure of reduction in railway freights. As a matter of fact the Speech promises nothing of the kind. Its words aro colorless. "The iin- " portant question of reducing the freights " and fares within Victoria lios engaged " the closest attention of the Government. " It has been decided to make such re- " ductions as, after due inquiry, may be " found consistent with the successful and " profitable working of the railways." The Sphinx herself could not be more enigmatic and non-committal than is that passage. As to the railway construction policy of the Government, there will be equally strong points of difference about it. Whatever other qualities the new member for tho Eastern Suburbs may develop, it may be safely predicted that prudence and discretion will not ho numbered amongst them. Ho touched on many topics last night, but was unhappy in them all. His references to Tariff amendment wore unreasoning assaults on " the settled policy of tho country." They 1 never rose to the ghost of an argument, hut consisted of mere assertions, destitute of either wit, wisdom or fact. Mr. Madden evidently comes to politics witli a mind un furnished with ovon rudimentary oconomic science, and witli all tho self cortitudo tbnt usually accompanies small knowledge. His references to Federation wero equally wanting in good taste, and certainly were just as wide of tho mark when ho said that this colony went into tho question desirous of gaining all and conceding nothing. With a singular audacity that will soon find its propor chastisement, ho denounced tho Government proposal to give a bonus in connection witli tho beet sugar industry, and then proceeded to condemn all bonuses whatsoever. Ho declared that oven the butter bonus had been quite useloss. He believes tho Government has been a marvel of administrative wisdom in getting tho unemployed out of Mel bourne ; hut lie docs not think Mr. M'Intyro's village settlements aro a success. As for tho Credit Foncior, he is of course averse to it, sinco it smacks of Liberalism. Cheap money for the farmers is a more cry. Tho farmer who lias good security doss not need any such Bystein of cheap monoy, and for tlioso who aro already involved the Government scheme will he useless. That is the manner in which the new member for the Eastern Suburbs made his d6bdt in the House. It was a speeeli which at once relegated him in politics to a subordinate place, from which lie will find it vory difficult to emerge again. His attacks on Protection, on tho Minister of Railways, on all kinds of bounties, and on tho Trades Ilall, wero nil gratuitoua hnd hitter. Thoy were not per tinent to tho occasion, and betrayed simply the qualities of a scold, who de sires to wound without any other motivo than the pleasure of giving annoyance. Mr. Frank Madden has a tremendous lot to learn before he can hope to bo any but the most insignificant forco in politics. Mr. Lazarus was a much greater success, seeing that if he failed to impress tho House with cither his matter or his manner, ho at loast sat down without having betrayed any desire to snap and bite. He, too, dosires to see tho Railway freights reduced, the Tariff largely abolished, and the Credit Foncior put on one Bide as a scheme which contains only tho elements of failure. He referred to the passngo in the Gover nor's speech which says : — " A mca- " sure to enable farmers to borrow " money at a moderate rate, based , on tho " system which has proved so eminently " successful in promoting the well being of " agricultural populations iu other parts of " tho world, will be at once introduced." The success achieved elsewhere is no guarantee to Mr. Lazarus that any sueli result can ho attained here, and ho doubts whether cheap money would ho a good tiling for the farmer. As to tlie other parts of the Government pro gramme, lie is content' to learn that the Estimates are to he " framed witli a con- " stant regard to further retrenchment " wherever consistent with efficiency" ; and he awaits with some impatience the further announcement uf the manner by which tlie Treasurer means to stop tlie leak in tho finances. Tlie leader of tho Opposition took tho usual course of asking for a day's graeo to consider his method of procedure. It is scarcely likely that ho will take the pre sent opportunity of making any serious attack on tlie Government position. Ho will probably have much to say about tlie administrative act3 of Ministers during tlie recess, and their delay in convoking Par liament at a time when good work might have been done; but any direct attack at this juncturo, while the House is in tbe dark as to what the financial proposals of tlie Government may be, is said by prominent members of the Opposition to bo out of tho question. However, that is a point which tho majority of tlie Left will dotormine for tliomselves. It is almost impossible to attack tho Speeeli for what it contains, seeing that it lias scarcely a singlo proposal definite enough to provoke assault. Any direct attack on it must be for what it omits. Ministers have certainly disclosed to the House a vast amount of serious business ; and they arc entitled to ask whothcr tlie IIouso is ready now to fail to work. It would bo too much to say that tile Opposi tion should forego its right to a drastic criticism of what it may consider Minis terial shortcomings ; but on tlie other liand, unless there is a serious intention of challenging tbe life of the Government, it may be hoped that mere purposeless criti cisms will be curtailed as much as pos sible. It is satisfactoiy to have the assurance of tho Tariff Commission that the kindliest feelings are entertained by the rural popu lation towards their compatriots in tlie towns. Tliero is no reason why it should bo otherwise, hut we cannot ho oblivious of the fact that in certain quarters, for political and personal purposes, there has been a deliberate attempt to sot country against town, and lay tlie basis of a lamentable and wholly unnecessary feud. Even tho Governor's Speech yesterday was not quite freo from thi3 objectionable spirit. Amongst tlie numerous paragraphs referring to the rural interests and tho wants of tlie agricultural community, there was not ono sympathising with the misfor tunes of tlie people in the towns. Judging from this Ministerial production, it might be supposed tbnt the metropolis had no existence, and that Ballarat, Bendigo, Goelong and the minor towns hail been struck out of tho map of Victoria, or that at all events their population had ceased to be a factor in tlie national life. And yet it is tlie townspeople who have suffered most acutely from the prolonged crisis through which the colony has been passing. Tbe rural population lias endured losses and suffered severely from the fall in the valuo of commodities, but, as a rule, people in tho country have not been reduced to actual deprivation of the necessaries of life. It has been otherwise in the towns, and in Melbourne more par ticularly. There, owing to the burst of tiie land boom, .the sudden cessation of building and the suspension of financial institutions, whole classes havo been deprived of employment, and, in many cases, of daily bread. Not only tiio workmen, who havo been living from hand to inuutli, hut the most thrifty of families, who never dreamed of rushing into wild speculation, havo been brought face to face with ruin. They considered they had secure investments for their savings, and woke up to find those savings had vanished in tho wild speculations of tlie boom. Yet tho only notice taken of these people in an official deliveranco is a casual compliment paid to them for the courago and patience with which they have borne their reverses of fortune I This ignoring of the town population, with its army of unemployed, and its multitude of deserv ing citizens suddenly reduced to poverty through no fault of their own, was proba bly not intentional, but tlie forgotfulness which it indicates illustrates the evil habit of the political mind to appeal always to some sectional interest which appears to bo in the ascendant for the time being. Fortunately, tlie rural population is not only moro kindly than tho politicians give it credit for, hut it is more philosophic. Why should the farmers supposo that their interests are antagonistic to those of tho meohanics who aro engaged in taking up the work of production at the point whore tho producers of tho raw material leavo off, and adding to tlie value of pro ducts by their labor? Thoy are the pcoplo for whom the farmer grows his corn, and tho pastoralist his cattle and liis wool. If everyone was to produce his own corn and his own wool thoro would be neither exchange nor markets, and society would return to primitive barbarism. It is truo that we have amongst us a peculiar class of theorists who mnintain that a colony should never aim at anything but raw production, and at ono time those people wero averse to our pro- ducing anything bnt wool. They admit that tho colonists must produce for con sumers who are engaged in unlike occupa tions ; but then, they Bay, those consumers should reside somewhere else than in our own land. The contention is, of course, utterly ridiculous. It is obvioualy for tho benefit of the farmorB to havo as tuany of their customers at hand as possible, instead of having to send their whole produce across tho seas. It is nob a good thing for any community to put all its industrial eggB into ono baskot. No country in the world has ever grown prosperous in tho absenco of divorsity of omploymont and tho supply by members of the same community of each other's wants. Sir Graham Berry pointed out the other night that the manufacturers in tho towns gavo an enhanced value to the products of the country of £10,000,000 per annum. The producers of the raw material profit by this work in various ways. J.n addition to the increased number of mouths to be fed, the rural population lias its taxation lightened by its being spread over a wider area, and profits by the railways and roads which the increased wealth of the country is able to provide. It is a miserable policy to try to sow dissension between differont classes of the samo community, whotherthe object be to win political support or to squeeze out native industries in order that a handful of importers of foreign goods may flourish. The experience of the mem bers of the Tariff Commission is that of everyone who travels much in tho country districts. There is everywhere distinctly visible the good nature and good sense of tho race, and people in tlie country are just as desirous that there should he prosperity in tho towns as tho townspeople aroonxious to see tho agricultural districts flourish. 