General News. St. Raphael's Literary Society, Parkside.—Usual meeting held on March 29, the vice-president (P. O'Leary) in the chair. Business:—Report of the scru tiny 01 ballot papers resulting in the election of Messrs. G. R. Bradley, H. W. Hayman, P. O'Leary, and A. E. Clarke as members of the Union Parliament. Overture by Mr. Corner. Mr. G. R. Bradley contributed a paper on "The Social and Political Advantages of the Colonies." Mr. P. O'Leary, subject, " The Condition of the Roman Catholic Cemetery, Adelaide." A. E. Clarke gave a recitation, "The Sack of Baltimore,1 and H. YV. Haynlan contributed " Lady Clara Yere de Vere." The usual criti cisms were indulged in. Agency at Broken Hill.—The Central News Agency and the business conducted by Mr. R. Hood for Mr. Jackson having been taken over by Messrs. Wight and Co., booksellers and stationers, the readers of The Southern Cross who have hitherto obtained their papers from the above firms will be supplied by Messrs. Wight & Co. Mr. R. P. Brown, of Argent Street, is also appointed agent for The Southern Cross. St. Patrick's Literary Society.—The usual meeting was held in St. Patrick's schoolroom on Tuesday evening, the vice president (Mr. W. J. Denny) presiding over a fair attendance. The minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed* Correspondence was received from St. Ignatius' Society, inviting St. Patrick's to visit them on May 25. On the motion of Mr. L. M. Jacobs it was decided to hold a preliminary competition to select repre sentatives from the society to compete against St. John's Young Men's Society, on May 16. The evening was set apart for elocution and reading, Mr. L. M. Jacobs having charge of the programme, which was comprised as follows :—Read ing from "Life of Cardinal IJJewman," Mr. W. J. Denny; recitation, "The Patriot's Prayer," by Mr. J. P. Doheny, was delivered with real patriotic fervor ; and an extract from the works of Chas. Dickens, by Mr. J. Cavanagh, was well delivered. A reading from the " Life of' Swift " was well read by Mr. R. Quinlan Recitation, "The Red Hand of O'Neil," by Mr. J. Mullaney, was well received. An interesting reading from the " History1 of South Australia" was delivered by Mr. P. F. O'Dea, and the recitation, " Told in Flanders," delivered by Mr. L. M. Jacobs in his usual finished style, concluded , the programme, criticism beirnr indulged in by most of the members pre sent. Dr. Cockborsmn New Zealand.—The Minister of Education has returned from attending the Postal Conference in New Zealand, and has communicated some interesting information to the dailies. The advocates of progressive taxation will be pleased to find that the graduated land tax is working " exceeding well" in New Zealand. The doctor says:—" In many respects New Zealand is in advance of the other Australian Colonies. The people of New Zealand are essentially matter of fact and business-like, and have shown an aptitude for grappling with and solving their problems irrespective of any consi deration except that of the advancement of the welfare of the colony. In an inter view with the Tax Commissioner I gathered that the recently initiated scheme of graduated taxation is working exceeding well. This scheme was framed with the view of making the wealthy pay their share without pressing on the pro ducer. Mr. Crombie, the commissioner, informed me that as far as he could gather no attempts at an evasion of the graduated land tax were being made by a spurious subdivision of the estates, nor did he think it was likely that such attempts would be made. 'Even if there were,' he said, ' the act contained sufficient pro visions to expose and punish any such operations. With regard to the payment of the tax, no one seems to object strongly except the representatives of the land grant railway now in course of construc tion in the Middle Island.'" Dr. Cock burn was very much impressed with the operations of the Farmers' Asso ciations, notably those in Auckland, Dunedin, and the Bluff. He stated— " These are co-operative societies, in many of which two-thirds of the shares are held by the farmers themselves. The associations retail every thing to the farmers at wholesale prices. They either buy the produce from the farmer or act as agents, undertaking all freight and agency in the country in which the produce is ultimately disposed of. In connection with the J. G. Ward Farmers' Associa tion at the Bluff is established a twine factory, associated with which 1,500 acres of flax are under cultivation, and the association is now able to sell harvesting twine to farmers at the rate of 4ld. lb. Previous to the successful co-operation among the farmers nearly twice this was paid by them for twine. The asso ciations charter their own ships, and are able to convey produce to the world's market at the lowest possible rate." Scottish Home Rule.—In the House of Commons on April 4 (says a cable in the Advertiser) the debate was resumed on the motion of Sir George Trevelyan, Secretary for Scotland, providing that the Scotch members of the Chamber shall be constituted a committee to deal with local Bills. Mr. James Henry Dalziel, the London representative of the Scottish Leader and Liberal member for Kirkcaldy, proposed an amendment in favor of estab lishing a separate parliament for Scotland, but retaining the supremacy of the British legislature. This amendment was carried by a majority of 10 votes amid loud cheers from the supporters of the Home Rule party. Sir William Vernon Harcourt, the leader of the government in the Com mons, was absent when the division was taken, but the other Ministers silently supported the amendment. St. Ignatius' Guild.—The popularity which Guild concerts commanded in the past was evidently repeated on last Mon day evening, when a large and eager crowd flocked to the Norwood Town Hall, where the members and friends of the above so ciety treated them to a veiy enjoyable entertainment. The programe was opened with the overture " Westward Ho," by Misses Ada Robinson and Jeffries, after which Miss Pflaum sang " Star of Beth lehem," which found great favor, as did Misses Carrigg and Gillespie, who were re called after singing the duet, " Hear me, Norma." Miss Gillespie also received a most imperative encore for her rendering of the " Ave Maria," from " Cavallera Rusticana." Miss Carrigg's other selec tions, " Why must we say good-bye 1" and "Alone" (from "Immomeena") were ably rendered, and much appreciated. Miss Pflaum in her second number, " A world between," scored a decided success, while Miss Weddell received well-earned applause for her reudering of "For all eternity." Miss Ryan gave satisfaction in her song,Oftentimes," and the audience showed their appreciation by hearty ap plause. Mr. T. Lenthall fairly carried away his audience by singing " He nailed the colors to the mast" and " The inter val between," and had to respond to an encore. "The holy city " was the song chosen by Mr. E. C. Bridgwood, and the * 'Maid of Athens" by Mr. W. Mclnerney. Mr. F. W. Conybeer sang " The fisher man and his child," for which he received ■ such an ovation that he had to respond to an encore. Miss Ada Robinson acted as accompanist. An amusing comedietta, entitled "Muddled," brought an excel lent Concert to a close. The characters werewellsustained by Miss Alice Plunkett, Mr. T. J. Ryan, Mr. H, Oronin, and Mr. G. C. Bridgwood. After the concert many of the young people assembled in the re ception room, where dancing was indulged in until an .early hour in the morning. Gredit ps dne tp.the secretary, Mr.J. F. Ghtgper, for the able manner in which he earned out the whole affair. A ECHITECTURK OF PRIVATE HoUSES.— A lecture was given on Monday evening before the members of St. George's Club, Gawler, by Mr. M. F. Cavanagh, A.R.I.B.A., on "The architecture of our private houses." The lecturer illustrated his remarks with a large number of draw ings of English, French, American, and Australian houses, showed their methods of design, and many original ways of dealing with the interiors of the houses. The example set by St. George's Club of asking outsiders to help them with occa sional lectures on interesting subjects, is one that might with advantage be fol lowed by our literary societies. In their short life the St. George's Club have already had Sir J. Downer, Hon. C. C. Kingston, Messrs. Holder, Parsons, Wil ton Hack, and several others, to help their members through their literary evenings ; and, no doubt, our societies could do likewise if they tried. A Scholastic Success. — Recently (writes the Melbourne Advocate) it was our pleasing duty to record the signal success achieved by the pupils of the Christian Brothers' College, Victoria Parade, East Melbourne, at the matricu lation examinations, when, as will be re membered by our readers, all the candi dates passed obtaining 100 per cent, in most of the subjects in which they were examined. By our New Zealand ex changes we now perceive that well nigh as brilliant results were obtained by the pupils of the Christian Brothers of St. Joseph's, Dunedin, six of whom secured passes at the matriculation and govern ment service examinations, one boy ob taining in the latter second highest place in all New Zealand. These results will appear all the more creditable when it is remembered that the Brothers' boys had to compete with pupils of the Government High Schools, institutions which are richly endowed out of the public lands of the colony. Moreover, Catholics number but one-seventh of the population of New Zealand, and the fact that their children come so well to the front in this unequal contest speaks volumes for the efficiency of the teaching given by the Brothers. Tall Shearing Records.—In New Zealand recently a Maori shearer named Harawera is reported to have put through 200 crossbred sheep from 5 o'clock in the morning till 5 at night, with two hours out for meals, using the shearing machine. Another Maori sheared 203 the same day. Turning to home for speedy work a corre spondent at Murrumbidgee writes the following report to a contemporary :— " Perhaps the greatest feat ever performed with sheep-shearing machines in the colonies was that on Wednesday, Decem ber 12, in last year, when 32 men in the Murrumbidgee shed sheared the wonder ful total of 4,816 or an average of 150J sheep per man in a trifle under eight hours. The highest individual tally was cut by Charles Irwin, 220 ; Frank Kear ney coming second with 107. The tallies for the remainder ranged from 100 to 190. Mr. Austin, the shed overseer, gives Irwin great praise for his ability as a fast and clean shearer, and also says that no sheep have ever been better shorn than those in which the big tallies were cut. This from a strict man, and a competent judge, should mean something. Extremes. — Writing of the recent suicide of a baronet's son (Mr. Went worth Paul in London), Reynold's News paper makes the following reflections :— " Here was a young man, saddled with that greatest of all curses, an income, free from the necessity of working for his living, and, as a natural result, spending his life in the pursuit of aimless pleasure. Just think of the condition of things in this England of ours to-day. One set of people find life utterly miserable simply because they are beyond the necessity of doing work ; and yet another set find life intolerable because they have no work to do Those who work have to support those who don't work. The misery and heavy toil of the many minister to the luxury of the few. The useless are set up on high, live on the fat of the land, and have everything that nature and science can offer them; and the useful, the people who work, who produce, who make civilization—ay, and life itself— possible, drag through a heavy and weary existence with the barest modicum of food, comfort, and decent conditions." Mr. Edward Blake, M.P., is touring in Canada, and has succeeded in obtaining a considerable sum in subscriptions to the funds of the Irish party. Mr. Blake is Chancellor of the University of Toronto, and was presented by the University with a portrait of his father, the late Hon. William Blake, who was one of its foun ders and its first Chancellor. The Kersage and the Alabama.—It brings back old times to read that the old American warship Kersage, which sank the Alabama, has just been wrecked a few days ago in the Carribean Sea. It was a great duel fought between the two boats at the mouth of Cherbourg Harbor, where the enterprising Confederate cruiser had taken refuge from her pursuer. Ves sels came out laden with' sightseers from Paris and London to see the conflict, as they came now tp see a prize fight. One cannot recall without a feeling of admira tion for both die vanquished^and the vie tor the splendid courage and determina tion of the conflict. At eleven the duel opened, and for an hour and a half the Alabama and the Kersage pounded each other with unflagging spirit, both vessels describing during that period seven com plete circles at a distance of about a third of a mile. Then superior weight and strength of metal began to tell their tale, and, although Captain Semmes fought liis ship to the very last, the final shot being fired just as she was settling down, the Alabama sank iti deep water about half past twelve. The ghost of the Alabama haunted the world for long afterwards, and but for the genius and statesmanship of Mr. Gladstone might have provoked between America and England a more tremendous war than any which has here tofore made red the pages of history. Held Over. — Report of Marrabel Catholic picnic, received too late for inser tion in present issue. The Old Colonist Hotel.—By notiee in another column it will be seen that Mrs. M. A. Bagge, late of London, has taken the above well-known hotel in Angas Street. Every attention is given to visitors and boarders, and only the best brands and liquors kept in stock. 