5 ftN'/A'TISTRmftN'- lOOPfIJOUT.J ' OR The Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF THE Natural & Supernatural, . . BY KENNETH HAMILTON M.B., F.R.C.S. ! ? ? ' CHAPTER XXII.— (Contimtted.) . ' No, Miss Marsden ; the concerns of the j city do not seem to belong to me in any way — and yet I remember now I did hear Sir Samuel Moses ask our friend, Lumsden, if the : oily was not likely to have an earthquake soon, but Lumsden laughed long and loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. But some one «* T i ^ * » 1 . H1!Ll 1 3 caus. x must go. Vxooa-nignt, Xicuui, una little friend — you have given me new energy and thoughts to-night' . ' I did not hear anyone call.' 'No ! there ifcis again— 'tis that man, Che master of my life. : I must go— I toast go Apparently obliTious - of or : ball-room or anything, with a sudden j lialf etupkl look, Barton turned and went swiftly, witl# the air of a somnambulist, out at the open door and over the smooth lawn into the quivering moonlit night. ' George ! George, my darling ! What is it ? You — so strong, so able a man ! What is this mystery? Alas ! that you ever should have rescued me from a sleep that at least could not have had this yearning pain in it — and yet I cannot wish I bad never known you ; hut one thing remains — I must bear, as others have done, and wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desire for the supreme good of the loved one will surely draw down blessings and be a guard from that evil influence whatever it may be.' Wait and bear patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsden — at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with others who suffer will deepen and strengthen; so you shall be of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, bearing others burdens because of the strength that has come of sorrow and silent bearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so live while the old earth turns round. CHAPTER XXIII. THE SAFE BOBBEBY. TTalim Haki, or whatever was his name, and Barton, or whatever was his name, had left their old domicile in Little Bourke street. Barton never knew whether his involuntary introduction to the Wallaces pleased or dis pleased his companion and master. The In dian was inscrutable — at any rate he made the best of the inevitable and never grumbled against fortune no matter what pranks she played him. The relationship between the two men was unchanged. The Saxon sub mitted to the awful will-force of the adept. It seemed as if the eastern magician played with him as the cat plays with the mouse, giving him mental latitude for a time only to withdraw tlie license again as if from mere whim. He played on the man as the skilled musician plays on the stringed instrument, or rather as the expert horseman controls the mettled steed, at one time allowing him to pace and ease and at another pressing home the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that he could not distinguish his one self from his other self. His two existences were almost as distinct as if there were two bodies and two souls. But TTnlim had not quite deserted Little Bourke street. That thoroughfare possesses a population tui generis. In its dens may be found the besotted Chinese, the savage Afghan, the stealthy Malay, mingling with the equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps the detective seeking his prey in these squalid purlieus, or Hie sturdy police man walking carefully up the narrow roadway knew something of the Indian's dark and mysterious house, but they had always enough business on hand to prevent them making incursions into regions which might not turn out profitable, and the house was left severely alone. The only one 6een in connection with the place was a fierce Ben galee, who looked as if ' Thuggism' was his creed and its practice his iorte. In tiie same room there in Little Bourke street in which we saw domiciled our mysteri ous acquaintances, we can see the same two men seated again as they then were. ' Bar ton's ' eyes had the same far-away look in them as we noticed then, and he had evidently ?' returned from one of those mysterious jour neys in spirit l&nc;^, on which he travelled obedient to the will of his companion. 'The time has come,'' said the Indian, 'when we must make our. first attempt. I am sure you will be ready.' ' Yes,' said Barton ; ' I am ready, but I do not understand your aims. There is j something in me that rebels against it all, and yet I cannot force myself free. You overpower me. I feel oppressed here and there,' striking his head and heart. 'I know you are huirying me into some infernal j wickedness or another. I know you have had tae in the past by some infernal wickedness, and yet I can do nothing. Curse you !' he continned, 'I don't know what keeps my hands from your throat, you villain, to ftrottle ftm miserable caapaas bit by bit.' ^ He had suddenly readied the stage of furious rage, and lie rose up and strode over to the Indian, who remained calm and . care - less. L'See,' Barton went on, 'that arm— look t that chest. Why, man, I could crush the little insignificant life out of you before one howl of fear could pierce these -walls.' — I 'Hush,' said the Indian, calmly and authoritatively, and the man uttered not an other word. ' Listen. To-night our first attempt has to be made, and there must be no failure. The object is to checkmate wickedness, as you puritanical English call it, and two old friends of yours, Porrin -and Simpson, will thank you well hereafter. Why I should interest myself about them. I can hardly understand, and I don't think it comes from weakness — and the speaker smiled ? Now, what I want done I , can explain in a very short time. . You know where the horse and ^art are?' 'Yea.' v - 'Very well, you must have the cart and horse on the crossing, of the St. Kilda and Domain Roads at half -past eleven to-night. You. must not wait for me but continue walk ing up the road. I shall be there and follow yon, and after you reach Flinders street I'll get on the cart and take the reins. Do not notice anything, but simply do as I tpl! you — you understand.' 'Yes! I understand.?' 'It is now nine o'clock and you must ?tart at once. You most put on the dress I provided for you. Remember in all this you Bavenothing'to fear no matter what may \- Jytpjiep, I assure you of that, and I also assure X - I = /? ? ...' ® -1' you that whateveivwillfeedqiieto -night will injure those who Reserve ifijitt,y| and niay do ; good to those who -deserve it. That is an ethical pspbleni for -|y ou jpyheii it is '?Stated by : me. Now go, and remember what I have said.' * * ' About half-past eleven a waggon ^'w^s driven at the usual easypjiee up the St. Kijda Road. The driver looked as listless as; the gentleman of his profession as a general rule - do. The big horse jogged along at his ease, taking everything as it came with the indif- ^ ferenee of custom. Soon were seen the long/ array of lights which illuminate Priuce's Bridge, stretching; out into the comparative darkness of the city beyond. Here and there the tall, shadowy buildings arid an occasional lofty tower - received the- ghost-like reiloc tion of a street lamp and stood out like frcsco work from the background of a . leaden sky. ThV policeman on his solitary beat along the bridge watched with lazy indifference the huge horse and cart as they rolled past and waked the echoes of the silent street with hollow rumbling. ' He: was even inclined to relieve the monotony of his vigil by saluting the driver. W hat a condescension of the spec, and span constable to unofficial mor tality — but he seemed half asleep on his porch and the constable thought no more about it. Opposite the fish-market a new arrival sprang to the perch beside the .driver not stopping the lumbering waggon which thun dered up flinders street without attracting a glance': from a passer-by or even the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached -the more retired streets, where in the stirring hours of ' day the merchant princes -of the i' Queen Cfrty of the South ' are won't to congregate. The -great blac4c_rhou^s were now unoccupied and in darkness, save where in the basements here and there, or in the attics a little light gleamed from the uncur tained window where the watchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbered away and finally turned into the narrow street at the rear of William street and up one of the right-of-ways leading to tiie back premises of the building in which were situated the offices of Sir William Wal lace. The cart was backed with the greatest coolness as close as possible to the wall and the two men descended. At a touch the gate was opened, and one of the men, who seemed to have the power of seeing in the dark, entered the back yard without hesita tion. 'Yon remain here,' he said in an ordinary tone to his companion. ' I shall call for you when I want you.*' He walked up to a window, barred with heavy iron, and, seizing one of the bars, he touched it with some chemicals which he took from his pocket. At once a lambent flame licked the metal and stole rapidly from bot tom to top of the rod, throwing as it spread a flickering light on a magnificent diamond he wore on his finger which reflected it again in a thousand coruscations of every tint. The iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused nor mouldered — it simply resolved it self. The man with the utmost dexterity cut a circular piece from the large window- . pane, and the next moment he had swung himself into the inner temple of Mammon, the office of Sir William. ' Might have avoided this trouble but for the chains,' he muttered. 'Now, I must 6ee about the watchman.' He scarcely touched the bolted door when it seemed to spring open of its own accord. The whole building was in the dense gloom and darkness of night; but this did not trouble the mysterious visitor. He made his way to the foot of tiie stairs and calmly walked up, step by step, until he reached the attic, where beneath one of the doors a light shone showing that room at least had a tenant. The door was suddenly flung open and a young man appeared on the threshold with a revolver in one hand and a heavy life preserver in the other. ' Who are you?' he cried, as the stranger approached him with calm unconcern. ' Put up your weapon, friend.' The 'friend' had presented the revolver straight at his head. ^ *' Why should I ?' ' Because I tell you to do so, and I am ac customed to be obeyed,' said 'the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesita tion the deadly weapon was lowered, and the watchman's eyes drooped under the magnetic gaze of the stranger . ' Back to your couch,' he said to the man, and obedient as a dog he obeyed. Into the little room he went and threw himself heavily On the mattras in a corner. ' Must give the thing an appearance,' said the visitor to himself with a anile, as he proceeded to bind the man as he lay with a rope he took from his pocket. The business was quickly done, and then he turned to the victim or subject, which you will, and told him not to awake f orihree hours and 'forget.' -f Whether the magnetic sleep is cataleptic or not the man obeyed the orders, aad when'the.. mysterious stranger left the room he left be mna mm a ooay, to an intents, uteless and 6enseless. Very deliberately the Indian, for it was he as will be very easily understood, walked down, tiie; stairs and returned to the office. -He at trace approached the safe, and, taking the same bottle from his pocket, applied the con-^. tents all around the lock, first taking the pre caution to keep the action of the liquid under control. y, s Again the metal yielded and disappeared. ' The massive door swung open and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. The Indian walked to the window and summoned his 'companion who leisurely approached.' 4 'Take tiie boxes I shall give you to the cart and place them inside,' said tiie master. Box after box was conveyed to the window and thenoe to tiie cart without the slightest interruption, until tiie whole contents of tiie safe were removed. Then and only then the Indian was contented, and he quickly left the place , drawing down the broken window as ' 7he £too3~6iT8ie wi^crtr-sill/- ' ? - - ^ Barton and he mounted tiie perch, and the big, horse jogged away at his usual pace though his load was much greater than it was before. Again the', rumbling cart broke* the echoes of the deserted street, «««! again some policeman heard the .sound with indif ference and hardly cast V thought on tiie late contingent of the army of the night. ; Next day the columns of the evening papers ^ere filled'with accounts of the most mysteri ous and audacious safe robbery, and for a week or perhaps full nine days the whole journaldom of -$he colonies was in a ferment and the detectives and police forces revived | the scarifying they always deserve and, poor wretches, get without mercy. | Bat the cart had joggedalong the Brighton Jload until.it was .near -ELsternwick where it halted, and from behind a terrace of half built houses Barton led a horse and a . light trap. The contents --&. the .cart were quicklv - transferred, .and the; two : men took their seat on tlie vehicle and then drove -rapidly away in the direction of St. Kilda beach. Two days after John Smith at tiie St. Kilda Court was fined for allowing this cart and horse to wander. He pleaded guilty to the insinuation of ' a wee drop too much,' and paid his fine like a niaxu \- CHAPTER XXIV. ; .JTHE COMMERCIAL. -CRASH. ; * There was rare confusion in Wallace's Toorak mansion. Long before the master of the establishment was aceiis'om^d to leave his bedroom a hansom cab had driven up furiously to fh| door, and * man had rung V * * * ?* * . .. . tiie joidi gtartling^ci^-ti^tho calii^^fecofbus'ii^ obsequious footmen had been so . jisitated that tiirar,. powdered lbdks istqicid np -ra isnd, and tlie? omu whb ha-l ?? at last regained sufficient t»urage to. open the door ''looked US if a ?re-^it -bhl*lhqualce had shakenhim ont of his 6siis&s.; . Without vraiting'for explanation the ines *enget pushed into the magnificent hall 4nd asked for Sir William. ' I must see hini at once wen in his bed room,' said he, ' and show irie tlie bedroom quickly.' * - ' 1 There was ho denying him, and he was led up ;thc staircase Isy the footman who en deavored to impress on the gentleman that he would not be responsible for disobeying 'borders ' iii such an outrageous manner. Sir 'William opened the door of his dressmg foom and received the messenger with every appearance of surprise. The messenger was tHe obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir William saw him he hiuned him into the room, leaving the flunkey bewildered and as wise as ever at the door. Five minutes aftei the bell of the dressing-room was also ringing furiously, and the footman » who answered — he had 'not been far from the door — saw his master fully dressed and in a state of extreme agitation. ' If the hansom has not gone detain it for five minutes. If it has gone order Jones to bring out tiie carriage as quickly as he caa get the horses in.' _ The footman for once in his Kfe made his well -padded limbs do duty in earnest. He rushed down the stairs and flew to the door. The hansom had not gone, and the driver was rubbing ?down hie smoking horse.. . TwoJ; rnimitnn nfto Wallaoe came down tiie stairs witii hea^ongi^asto, andj T^rthout a word to tiie wohderinjg servants, he' sprang into, tiie hansom followed by his secretary. ' For your life, quick !' he called out to the cabby. 'I'll find you a new horse if that one goes 'under.' The cabman knew his customer, and leaped to his box in an instant, and in another in stant the vehicle was sweeping down the avenue and out of the gates into the road. The horse and driver bravely earned the muni ficent fare which the latter received from the secretary when tiie passengers were landed at the William-street office. There 'were a few loungers about the doors, and the pre mises were in the charge of the police. The constables saluted. The great financier was a man to be honored. Wallace came into the office and ran at once to the safe. It was as had been re ported to him. Not an atom of paper; not a coin of the realm was there. What could be done? Two detectives were making a care ful examination of the premises. They saw the void round the place where once the chubb used to be. They saw the great circlo cut out of the window-pane. Everyone saw that as well as the officers. But where was the iron bar gone to ? Where were the shat tered pieccs of the safe ? They couldn't see these any more than the less expert on lookers. Wallace said never a word, but in his brain j there was always a dull echo as if a fiend was whispering, 'Done for, done for!' in I every key and on every tune that he had ever ' heard. The full extent of the disaster only himself could know. Even the money was only the least of his losses. There has been evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy ! the highest reputations in Victoria, hi6 among the rest. 'What was to be done? Was there any way out of such ruin ? Send for Lumsden, \ and at once.' ! Lumsden came and Wallace made no ex- I aggerated display. He simply pointed to the safe- j ' All gone,' he said. 'You're mad to say so !' cried the other. 'Neither mad, nor dreaming,' said Sir William. ' What, all that money gone ?' ' Yes, every stiver' The two men looked at each other with despair in their eyes. 'Then, this is no place for me,' said Lumsden, getting up and coming round to Wallace's chair and whispering to him : ' I shall pick up the few thousands I told you of and 6lope and share with you. It is not much, but it will carry us over to the Pacific Slope.' j 1X7^11 ? ? ? ? H ilUiiW Pkllll lVUU 'Well,' he replied, 'there is honor among thieves after all. But no 1 my boy. Get away yourself. I am done for, and shall meet it all. What you do, however, you will have to do quickly or you will not have the chance of doing anything.' Lumsden took his ally's hand and pressed it warmly. Good-bye, old man, good-bye and better luck. I daren't meet the die devils of the south or I'd see it out with you. But hang it, man, they would tear me in i ?pieces if they knew all.' At this moment a telegram was put in his band. He opened it. It was a telegram from Halim Haki, Launceston, and ran as i follows : ' I shall want to withdraw the valuables you have of mine on Monday next. I am sure the shortness of the notice will not trouble you.' r Wallace laughed aloud at the reading of the telegram. 'Well, Halim Haki,' said he, soliloquis- j ing, 'I doubt yon will have to take out a i hawker's license. Your gold and your -|ia- j monds have gone where I doubt you will not follow them.' ! But let me to business. He took up his ! pen and wrote continuously for upwards of ; an hour. He gave strict orders that no one j j was to be admitted ; that he was in to no one ' | until noon. He could hear the inquiries j made in the outer room about himself —about ! the safe robbery, and conjectures about the amount of gold that had been stolen, but he wrote on. At last he finished and he quietly rolled up the manuscript and sealed, then as ^ quietly he took a small revolver from his desk- j drawer, and, aftertrying with it for a minute ??iarao. fmllea was no irore. ~ -.j;x ~ :? ? The quiet way in which it wa«a3l done was , tiie only very remarkable fact about it all. Suicide may be regarded as cowaidly, but there are some positions in which, when men like Wallace are placed, they can see no other alternative. The Roman philosopher would not blame them. CHAPTER XXV. - B&KK; SUBPENBIOire. Collins street was in an uproar. Men and women and children rushed about Him tiie i ants of a nest on -which eoineP heavy has trodden and brought ?uiu. There 'was madness in tiie air — tiie madness of despair, of disappointed hopes, of ruined, fortunes, and. where did the ruin end? Was there any in stitution safeP WaS the country jtaeJf Jsafe? . It was not to be wondered at that the people of - Victoria were wdl- nigh fxenzied.r The stru ggle for exutence is a hard One at the best, and men of even temperate hopes look forward to surcease of &e; labor and toil of battle, and risked their present possession for | a future gain. Melbourne had been in the | clouds. -What need wjoiild there be^t work- '? ing when the whole on^de Troild 'nWabout to throw into lWctorialfaa«sumulatd w6altiifi What more to do thaaio spend a little money now and draw it jn agai^^ncrgafted a httri-* dred-fold ?; . It wasihe etesieBt Wny of mak ing a provision for'tiiefutnrerainy day that had everbeen planned, and» good many plans have been formed in thjsold worid of ours to ' find a short-cut to wealth. » W. H. 14 (TOWOWmrptD.) 