CORRESPONDENCE. [Whilst willing to give publicity to every intelligently expressed phase of public opinion we would have it understood that we do not necessarily endorse the ! sentiments of our correspondents.] j TO THE EDITOR OF THE FREE PRESS. Dear Sir,—On Sunday last I went by in vitation to hear Mr M‘Queen give a discourse on Baptism, and during his remarks he charged the people with whom I am con nected with teaching very grave errors and disseminating literature through this district which is contrary to the teaching of the Word of God : and for proof he quoted The Gospel Preacher, vol. II., page 170 : “ All the autho rities of any note understand ‘ bom of water ’ to be baptism.” Also from a little book called “On the Bock,” pages 159 and 160, which Mr M‘Queen says contains the same teaching. I deny that either of these books contains false or erroneous teaching. The tiiMgcs being publicly made, I challenge Mr h'Qneen to as publicly sustain them, in open debate in the hall. I trust that will be as willing to meet a representative of the Church of Christ as he was eager to charge them with false doctrine. I have to thank Mr M‘Queen for his courtesy in giving me the above quotations. -rours, ace. GEORGE H. BISHOP. TO THE EDITOR OF THE FREE PRESS. Sur,—Golly, Mister Editur, wot a lot ar them tliur “ jay Pease” wos on that thur plat form in the Coort on Friday larst! I wits a-wonderin wot wus a cumin orf, so 1 sat I down an lissend. Arter two kases wus over, ' away went more nor haf av em. Yes, sur, the big man an the small man, the tall man ! an the short man, the strange man an the I sly man. the fare man an the dark man, oil J cleared rite away. A man sittin close to me ! sed: “ Oh, sum ar them jay pease cum a long way. so fur that they ony cans wunst in two yeers, an besides the ease is over! ” I sed: “ Yes, that kase is over, but wot about tother kases!" My frend sed . “ Don’t yer no-” 11 Silence in the coort” wos called, an he cud not say eny more. Wen we meet agen. I’ll tell yer wot he ses, Mister Editur. Fur the present. “ mum ! - ■Yura trooly, SNOOKS. Kyabram Debating Club. — A very enthusiastic meeting of the members of the literary and debating society was held at Mr Elliot’s residence on Wednesday evening. It is intended to give the “Ghost Scene” from Hamlet on the 20th August. The caste of characters is very good, and the ladies have undertaken to see that all the necessary dress arrangements are made, so that no doubt it will be a great success. Not Dead Yet.—A. correspondent to an exchange writes somewhat effusively on the coming municipal struggle. He says “ There is a good deal of gas es caping anent the approaching election, which may be taken for what it is worth; hut our local G.O.M. is not going to cave in by a long chalk—not yet. People may liken him to Byron’s “Dying Gladiator,” and may think he is going to be “ butchered to make a civic holiday,” but when they come to use the knife they will find he will cut up rough, and weight out well.” Binber Twine.—The duty placed ppon reaper and binder twine imported toto the colony is giving rise to protests from many agricultural aud.>dg|j3red associations. The RocheaJ§j*p«iety Rt its last meeting carried aTiriS^n con demnatory of the imposition^'and we jwtice that the Pyramid s'Hyi Society has just taken similar ’{action,- and are: urging the parliamentary representative^ the district to use" their influence iir having the duty removed. ......-S' Mr W. S. Judd, the chief officer of rountry Fire Brigades’ Board,’.has been suspended, pending an investigation his accounts, in which, it is alleged,, there are irregularities. The uniform system of book-keeping ?J'cli lias been agreed to by the Public works department, the Municipal Ser Assn.ati.m, and the, M imieipal Anditors’ Assocation'in connection witli ”c municipal accounts:-Vui cone into, •operation, on the 1st Ott-oiier nxt, on Wl"ch date the municipal year "•li cences. It will facilitate the eiie< king ?* ^he acc'Uinfc by the municipal auditors y 8ioiplifyiUg the work. 