FHE PHANTOM HORSEMAN.) A TALE OF TASMANIA. By C.K.G. Trinn: ar<* more things m ft floratio, than are dreamt c :ouhy.—Shakspeare. In yuur pliilo j ] X may preface the follo^ins true story by i ■•tatiiiff that I have not, and never had, any j belief ia the supernatural* Spirits—-unless , in a liquid state—I reckon hut the myths of ; the superstitions ; spiritualism I estimate as ; arrant humbug, and the so-called supernatural | aonearances and extraordinary “manifesta tions” of which we hear so much^ merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I drmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, cl hoc genus are the outcome of human ingenuity or juRp|orv, and may bo readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert -professors cf tho art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for iho ghostly fra- j tornity that I would as lief deep in a church- 1 j yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience whioh would undoubtedly bo caused by the hardness of a tomb I stone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent myin i trusion into the neighborhood of his prison I Hut I am, of course, open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just so soon as they will consent to give over anoh eehoolboy pranks as rap ping tablo legs, clashing musical instrument#, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, such, for in stance, as to give a hard-up pressman the straight . tip for the next ^Melbourne Cup* An amiablo and well trained bona fide ghost might bo made extremel}* useful in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would bo worth untold gold— would, in fact, provo a mine of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardjcs. Fancy being able, by spirit express, to giro a couple of coin ms of illustrated description of the wreck ef the Alert half ^ an hour after—or for the matter of that, half an hour before—it happened, "with a full list of tho men’s names and their photographs ! Or, to give tho full scores of our boys’ cricket matches in Fngland before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of whioh thoyhavoonly contrived hitherto to make them selves extremely ridiculous and untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them, will give mo the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a “ Spirits’ Retreat ” somewhere in Bouveric street, and undertake to provide tho poor perturbed spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The | title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons | above fitated, I no more believe that he j was a phantom than I believe in the libola written about Australian pronunciation.^ The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. . It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds ; covered the firmament and hung over the j earth liko a funeral pall. A fitting j time and night indeed for the perambulations i of unearthly visitants, yot I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home to a comfortable firo and something to eat- Certainly ill oughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards from a country house known as “The llcnd” (not tho Yarra Pend, incredulous render) situated on the North Esk river. Tho lateness of tho hour, and tho threatening Btorm induced mo to urge my horse to a » hand gallop, and just as . I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from homo the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended—onch drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder succeeded each other with, atartlingand deafen ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot a few seconds lit up the eccno and rendered every object as plainly ViSiOIG as nL cuUldoj. TUo l«t>o X xvsia rldiuCT in was a very narrow footpath—so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorso hedges on either aide of me. There was no room for evon a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not onco in six months that anybody ever rode along tho path; it was [merely intended for foot passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hopo of getting home by tho nearer way in timo to avoid a drenching. About half way up tho lano a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few pace3 in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning’s flash enabled mo to see everything clearly. The man was monntedon a grey horse, and was dressed in a light groy tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top hoots. Ho had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. Tho feeling of horror I experienced was not be cause of any superstitious fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and hono, like myself and my Bteod, and knew that under tho cir cumstances a collision was inevitable. We were only a couple of longths apart, both riding at a gallop, and thero was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of palling up ourhoraos. We were as certain to run into each other as tho Campordown into • tho Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal ordor. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, and lo! my horseman had disappeared, and I could sec right up tho straight lane to the white gate at the end. I pulled up, turned round and at the next flash looked back whence I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either side of tho gorse hedge. Well, I rode on homo in a state of simplo bewilderment. The horsoman must have called at the house in ordor to got tho key of the gate leading into the lano, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, as no one had called sinco I left five hours previously. and the gate was, as usual, securely padlocked for the lane was a private one and “no thoroughfare” to the generalpublio. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live 