WIDE WC Iu Africa (hero are Mill many unexplored traota, notably in and around the Horn of the Darn Continent unu a young Atnoricnu Dr Donaldson Smith, now proposes to take tho bull by tho liorns, and eeo -what can bo dono by tiro employment of this summary method of * rolvinn geographical problems. Ho aims at treading virgin ground. A year or two ago Mr F. L. James published a booh on The Unknown Horn of Africa, being an account of an ex ploring expedition from Berbera to tho Leopard River. But bis explorations were confined to the country of tho Somalis, whereas Dr. Donaldson Smith now aims at ponetruting further inland into tho region of tho Gallas, whioh has hitherto remained a terra incognita alika to tho hunter and to the scientific researcher. Dr Smith is a charming speci men of tho best type of America, und, in deed, it is difficult to boliorc that ho ia not an j Englishman. Ho is quito as rich in manners as ha is in money, and altogether takes with him to Africa a very fascinating personality. Ho is going out entirely on his own account and at his own expense. ! A correspondent of tho “Birmingham Mail” hears of a lady residing in ono of tho suburbs whoso husband, when ho is under tho influence of drink, amuses himself by thrashing and otherwise knocking her about. She was long-suffering, Dut oven tho patienco of a woman has its limits. Aocord ingly she hit upon a HomowW "SI*YorcJ*'on tho first opportunity. One evening her husband returned home the worso for drink, and after having satisfied his brutality by banging his wifo about the apartment, eat down in his easy ohair. Tho lady no sooner observed that ho was fast asleep than sho secured a stout cord, with which sho fastened her somnolent lord to his seat. Then with a substantial walking-stick sho commenced operations by several severo blows on his back. Tho pain caused him to wake, and finding that he was a prisoner he commenced to address his wife in words which were tho reverse of affectionate. Sho in return told him that she was going to give lum his quid pro quo, and at onoe carried her threat into action, belaboring her unhappy, but now nearly sobered, husband until he bowled again. Ho ultimately managed to up set tho chair on tho top of him self, and so secured a release from any further demonstration of tho energy and anger of his spouse. Sho left him there for some timo; in fact, it was not until he had promised to treat her better in future that sho consented to liberate him. The initial chas tisement hud tho ueBirod effect, and not only has tho man given up beating his wife, but ho has also shown an inclination to become moro moderate in his drinking habits. Tho closing portion of Emile Henry’s address to the Paris jury was as follows :— “ Wo dealont death, and wo shall knowhow to meet it. It is, therefore, with indifference I await yonr verdict. I know my head is not tho last you will cut off : others will fall, for the starving are beginning to learn tho way to your great cafes and to your Grand Ter minus and Foyot Kestaurants. You will add other names to the sanguinary list of our dead. You have hanged us at Chicago, de capitated us in Germany, garrotted us at Xores, shot us at Barcelona, guillotined us at Montbrison and at Paris : but what you can never do is to destroy Anarchism. Its roots, arotoo deep,0. JtJ&hVAdPu.; v>ra6r‘ ot things. It_rqproanntfl „ existing authority. It i3 everywhere and impalpable. It will end by killing you. Messieurs les Jures, that is what I bad to Eay to you. You will now hear my counsel. Your laws impose a counsel on ovory pri soner ; my family has chosen hi. Hombostel. Whatever he may say must in no way alter what I have said. My declarations are tho oxaot expression of my thought; I hold to them without modification.” As is well known, several SwiES cantons, after agreeing to the abolition of the death penalty, havo returned to the customs of their forefathers. Scliwyz is ono of these, and is yet concerned as to what to do with a scoundrel who murdered his daughter in cold blood. The assize judges ordered him to tho guillotine, but they reckoned without tho local society for tho abolition of oapital punishmenut. Its ingenious directors, bur rowing in old records, found that according to law condemned criminals must expiate their orime by being beheaded with the sword, and insisted on this medieval modo of oarrying out tho death penalty being adopted. The difficulty is'.that tho gaol authorities cannot get any Switzer to play M. Deibler with a two-handed sword, and tho criminal bids fair to live as long as a oondamnee in the United States. But surely tho exeoutive might apply to Copenhagen for the loan of an expert—for doos not execution by sword survivo ia Den mark ?—or ia it that the authorities (like tho Poor Law Guardians in cortain anti-vaccina tionist towns at homo) consider that they best consult public opinion by porsisting in a non poasumus? A oynic would say that itia curious to Cud Switzerland producing murderers and no men with nerve and public spirit enough to be thoir executioners. The new “ silver-wedding ” stamps issued by the Japanso Post Office to oom ““'1 JlV SSE5 Hinto with Harako, danghtor o£ Ichijo Tap&ba;, a noblo of the first rank, appear to have caused much excitement among local philatelists. Boys commissioned to purchase samples, thronged oa tho day of issuo at the Post office windows and more than two thousand light bluo five-sen (a “sen” is a trifle under a half penny) and rose-pink two*Hon stamps the only varieties issued—were sold at tho Kobo Postoffice in less than two hours. They are of the same form and sizo—inch long by 1 inch wide. The design on both is also tho Bame. Tho centre of tho design is a whito erysanthemum in a circular shield, around which is the inscription, “Celebration Ceremony of the GreatlYedding s twenty-fifth year ” while in the lower part of tho central scroll aro tho words in English “ Imperial Wedding,25 Anniversary." On either side tho central circle is supported by a crane rising out of an elaborato soroU. The top of the stamp bears the legend in Japanese, “ Dai j Nikon teikoku yubin ” (Great Japanese Post), whilo tbe lower part contains the words in English “Imperial Japanese Post.” A correspondent in India writes to a Lon don paper:—Thero are many German trader in Bombay, and somo Erenob and BelgiEn. Between a little mixed knot of these stranger colonists I heard a railway carriage dis cussion abouttho British Housocf Lords, and was greatly struck by tho information which a Gorman impartod to a Frenchman. The German said that the Lords woro mostly Irish, and that they encouraged tho people to rovolt! Tho Irish, ho added, xnado all tho trouble for Jiugland, and, as nearly all her soldiers and policemen are Irish, England is in a ‘ pariloua ’ state. The Frenchman sail he had heard that Sir Gladstones was really an Irishman, although brought up nnd living in a Scotch town! It is wonderful how one learns things by going about the world a littlo!" Describing a debate in tbo EousoofCom mons on tho Death Duties, tho “Daily Nows” says :—Tho prevailing dulness of tho discussion was temporarily relieved by an amusing speech from Lord Willoughby do Eresby, who bluntly told tho Commit too that ho objected to death duties alto gether. Tbo “infamous propose.13,” as tho noble lord characterised tho reformed death duties, would weigh heavily on tho unfor tuuato heir, who would have to pay for things ho did not want. Tho secret of tho noblo lord’s vehement opposition to tho now sohomo was partially disclosed when, towards tho ond of his speech, ho, amid laughtor, declared that among other things he would inherit a ghost, and lie ap pealed to tho Chancellor of the Exchequer to say il ho would have to pay succession duty for this part of his inheritance. Sir William Hareonrt smiled, but made no attempt to answer tho conundrum. The British Death Duties. s-ov.v:;;:,v;,; wliT'Eo"operative from the 1st inst. On Budget Night (reports the “ Daily News”) Mr Balfour, assuming that the Budget Bill could not be passed by the 1st of June, took exception to the Chancellor ol the Exche aucr’s estimate of the amount derivable from the increased Death Duties betweeu that date and the end of the financial year. Sir William Harcourt has, however, been careful so to frame tho resolutions on which the bill will be based that at whatever date the Budget is added to tho Statute. Book, the new rales shall bo leviable upon the property of all persons dying “ on or after tho 1st day of June, 1S91.” “ We movo to-day, and I have only a dollar in tho house.” This is a passago from a letter by Leigh Hunt dated “ Florence, 11th Ostober, 1829,” to ba found in a collection of autograph letters Messrs Sotheby ana Wilkinson will offer for salo to-day. It vividly recalls passages in tho life of Mr Harold Skimpole. “ I am constantly,” that “ littlo bright creature with a rathor largo hoad ” observed, “ being bailed out, like a boat; or paid off, lika a ship’s com pany. Somebody always does it for me. I can’t do it, you know, for 1 never knvo any money ; but Gomobody does it. I got out by Somobodv’a means. I am not like tho star ling. I get out.” Tliore aro two letters in tho collection, both vividly recalling the too faithful presentment of his old friend which Dickons admitted ho had yielded to tho temptation to include in tho story of Bleak House. In “ Temple Bar, ” thero is a story of how tho lato Poet Laureate received tho first copy of “ Maud” whilst ho was a visitor at a country houso, and how ho was prevailed upon to read tho poem uudor rather discouraging circumstances. ((Mr and Mrs Carlylo were among tho guests. Now Carlylo would not permit himself to bo read to by anybody. The j problum was how to get out of the way. All tho visitors, in^the. hmiuo—»•*• Chairs had been arranged in a quiet sitting number} were taking their places. Tenny son was ready. Carlylo was not indisposed to go out for a walk if anybody would go with him, But thero was the rub. Who would sacrifico the pleasure of hearing a great poot read his latest poem ? Professor Goldwin Smith throw himself into tho imminent and deadly breach, and walked with the philsophor.” Tho following particulars from ono of the English papers to hand by the week’s mail supplement what has appoared in roferonoo to tho same matter in a recent cablegram f— “ Six of the seven explorers of tho Luglooh cavernB, who were rescued ou Monday, are in Grab, and aro doing well, and tho seventh, the lad Heidt, who carno out in a | pitiable condition, and was left . be hind in the village of Semriach, is also reported much better. 1 boy would have died of hunger Eeveral days ago, as tho provisions they took with thorn wero already exhausted, but fortunately the parish priest of Semriaoh ohanced to throw a box contain ing cheese, -bread and sixteen candles into the swollen brook, which by a miraolo carried it to the Upper Cave, in which the entombed men wero already feeling tho pangs of hunger. Onco in possss sion of tho box, the leader, Herr Fasching, divided tho contents into small daily rations. Tho imprisoned men state that they found some wonderful caves, putting eveu those of Adelsberg into tiio shade. The diver, Rudolph Fischer, who succeeded in reaching the entombed men at great personal risk, is suffering from violent shivering attacks brought ou by the intense cold of tho water.” _ A discussion has recently raged in England about tho refusal of Messrs W. H. Smith and Sons to circulate Mr Genrgo Mooro’s novel, Esther Waters, in thoir oiroulating library. The difficulty of Sreidimr what ib nn improror boot "** tu this discussion in a decided manner. bto less a person than Lady Joune, the wife of the President of the Divorce Court, rushes into the fray in the defence of the book, and of Thomas Hardy’s latest work, Life’s Little Ironies, which had also been alluded to as being one of the naughty kind. Sho says she does not think it is a book “ that need shook tho readers of a generation who enjoy The Heavenly Twins, The Yellow Aster, Key notes, or the various works of fiction which deal with all tho com plex and undeniable questions of our modorn life. A novel is good or had in pro portion as it arouses sympathy with what is noblo or glosses immorality with a sickly sentimentality which creates an entirely false standard of right or wrong.” And she sums up her conclusions on tho general principles of tho controversy in this way:—“The old story of woman’s weakness and man’s be trayal has hesn, and always will be, tho keynote of many great works in English fiction which deal with tho great story of human passion. Tho whole evil of modem novel lies in the point of view from which tno subject is treated, and from tho attempt to centre tho interest and sympathy of tho reader on a false issue.” Littlo three-year-old Jamie was with his father in the barn. Seeing a largo pitohfork, he said: “l’apa, is that what the horses eat hay with?” 