A PARALYSED PAWNBROKER, ON? of thle curiosities of M?elbourno (says an exohange). is an insolvent money.lendor, Loss than 12 months ago his advortisoment glared out suspi. oiously in all the papers, stating that he was prepared to lend any sum from £5 to £5000 without seourity, prompt. ly, with the utmost seoreoy, and at lowest ourrent rates, repayment at any time you liked, Also he would huy up your interest, under your, aunt's will, or purol!ase your annuity, and advanco money on a bill with two good names on the bakol, or take over your revision. ary intoroet or bo a fathor' to you with. out any extra ohargo, or if money: had boon loft to you ihe would .fix up an arrangdmenht iwereby you could havi a suddena and immediate bust, and thebn the money would be left, to him instead,. Then his advertisement disappeared and ho took to leaning against lamp. posts in a ragged and pensive state, and lent £5 to £5000 no longer. It is rumouroed that he got hard.up through some temporary extravagance, and borrowed money for himself on a bill; Then lioncotildn't pay when it fell due and he called at his own ofceo, and renewed the document at a steep poreontage, and when the second Ill\boomeam payable .., thor;o was a p so1aono between him and himself, and", h, had to give a mortgageo on his proporty, and the interest fell into arrears, and these was no more hllls, tndjin a momont of indignation Ihe oalled himself a skin flint and a money grubbor, and then he rushoed at limsnsolf and throw hlilenlf out of :the onlleo, and. he sued himsolf for libel, and had to pay damages, and after that le brough!t a oountor chargo of assault against. himself, and finally, ha sold him'olf up and the proceeoods went in law expenses,. Andhow: Ihis promises' are closed, and the man who wants to Ilow out his annuity knooks inrvtnaln at tile door, and arouses only a hollow echo, like the ghost of a lost mortgage; and t;ho elderly rsaidon lady who slooeps on tho floor because her furni. turo has all boon seized under a bill of sale, comes fto weep at the keyholo and calls downjudgmonts on his head no longer; and even the elderly man withtho bald head, who rashly wont " slo.ourity" for a friend, has aban* donod the place, and all is emptiness. 