Gospel Services. (FBOX A COBBMPODMT.) A most interesting gospel semce was held in a private house some time back, the speaker did not wish to be regarded as anything oat of the common, and for fear any might think he was a 'minister' or something Above his fellows, he re : moved all possibility of suspicion by declaring he was ' a man '—perhaps be fehonld have said ' a layman,' but he did not. Many in the congregation were concerned about the salvation of their souls, so no time was occupied with ' The musical part of the service,' and as there was no collection ' The offertory chorus ' was not required. The speaker had spent much time in prayer before coming to the meeting ; I have therefore nothing to report of ' Devotional exer cises,' and shall proceed to report the Bermon and its effect as briefly as possible. The speaker said, ' Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons ; but in every nation be that feareth Him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with Him. Tbe word which God sent onto the Children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (He is Lord of all). That word, I say, ye know, .which was published throughout all Judea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached ; how God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power : wbe went about doing good, and healing all who w«re oppressed of the devil ; for God was with him. And we are witnesses of »11 things which He did, both in tbe land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem ; whom die/ slew and hanged on a tree; Him God raised up the third day, and ahowed him openly ; not to ail the people, but unto witnesses chosen before of God, even to as, who did eat and drink with Him after He rose from the dead. And He commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is He who was ordained of God the Judge of quick and dead. To Him give all the prophets witness, that through His name whosoever beliereth in Htm shall receive remission of sins. While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. And tber of tbe circumcision who believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on tbe Gentiles also was poured out, the gift of tbe Holy Ghost. For they beard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then an swered Peter, Can any man foibid water, that these should not be baptised, who have received tbe HuJy Ghost as well as we? And he commanded them to be baptised in tbe name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days,' 