LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The Premier, Sir George Dibbs, will arrive at Wagga by mail train this morning, and will be presented with an address at the Town Hall. In the evening Sir George Dibbs will deliver a valedictory address to the electors at the Oddfellows' Hall, After which he will be entertained at supper. There is nothing fresh to report concerning the weather, which has been line during the past week. Tlie river is now Git Gin above summer level and falling slowly. The height of the Barwon at Brewarrina yesterday was 31ft. Telegraphic reports state that The Darling at Wentworth was 12ft ; Wilcanniu, 32ft rising ; Tilpa, 37ft ; Louth, 37ft 7in. In reference to providing a camping reserve at tlic Rock railway station, Mr. Gormly has been informed by the Lands Department in answer to a request that the matter be dealt with as speedily as possible, that tlic local Land Board, Wagga, have bein requested to expedite the matter. At a meeting of the executive committee of the Graziers' Meat Export Company of New South Wales held on Wednesday 9th instant, the secretary announced that up to date 32,000 shares had been applied for, also £35,500 in debentures. The committee can not acccpt applications for shares that are made conditionally on works being erected at some up-country ccntre. The sites for such chilling works can only determined, after tlic company is lloatcd, by the directors, who will be elected by the general body of share holders. As will be seen by an announcement in another column it is proposed that the arrangements for the Show Ball this year shall be left iu the hands of the ladies, and iu older to discuss preliminary arrangements a meeting of ladies will take place on Wed nesday afternoon at 3 o'clock iu the commit tee room of the Murrumbidgee Pastoral and Agricultural Association, Gurwood-street. All ladies interested in the success of the Show Ball are earnestly requested to attend the meeting. A grand juvenile entertainment including tableaux vivauts with lirue lights will be given on Friday next in the Oddfellows' Hall, the proceeds of which will he devoted to the funds of the Wagga Horticultural Society. An advertisement appearing in our business columns states that tickets may be obtained lrom the honorary secretary and treasurer, from Messrs. Morison and l-aley, or Mr. W. O. Hunter. There were no applications for land at the Wagga office on Thursday last. The license of the Black Swan Hotel, North Wagga, has been transferred from Mr. George Patterson to Mr. John Pratt. The liev. 11. Jennings will preach for the last time in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church to-morrow (Sunday) morning and evening and at l'ine Gully in the afternoon. On the following two Sundays the preacher in the local Presbyterian Church will be the llev. Joseph Fulton of Goulburn and on Sunday, June 3rd, the llev. Bobert Steel, of Quean beyan (son of the late Dr. Steel), is ex pected. An advertisement iu another column draws attention to a general meeting of subscribers to the Wagga Benevolent Society, for the purpose of considering proposals for the amendment of the rules for the better work ing of the society. The business of the last meeting was postponed owing to the small attendance, and it is to be hoped that theie will be a good muster on Wednesday next. The next meeting of the Australian Home Beading Union, Wagga circle, will take place at the School of Arts on Tuesday evening, when an essay will be read and a discussion ensue upon Carlyle's ' Past and Present.' With reference to the disposal of electors' rights still remaining undistributed, the following telegram has been received by Mr. C. !'. Butler, Electoral Uegistrar for the district of Wagga ' In reply to your telegram you may forward right for x-ersons who have removed from your electorate and who apply for their rights to the police for delivery,' (Signed) George Lewis, Chief Electoral Officer, Sydney. Those electors of Wagga who are at present at Wyalong or elsewhere will no doubt be able to obtain their rights by making application to the Electoral Registrar, Court House, Wagga. To morrow, being Whit Sunday, there will be celebration of the Holy Communion in St. John's Church of England at 8.30 a,m. and at the 11 o'clock service, the latter being fully choral. The following is the order of ser vice: — Morning: ' Te Dcum (Dr. Garrett's setting in 1? ; anthem, ' Come Holy . Ghost, our souls inspire ' (Thos. Attwood); ' Kyrie' (Tallis) ; ' Sanctus ' and ' Gloria ' (Dr. Dykes) ; hymn before sermon, 153. Even ing : Hymn 155 : ' Magnificat ' and ' Nuno Dimittis' (Sir J. Barnby in D) : anthem, ' Lift up your heads ' (Dr. Hopkins); hymns 154 and 207. Bv advertisement in another column Mr. E. Boswell, of the lliverine Nursery, an nounces that during the planting season of 1B'J4 he will be prepared to supply orna mental, shade and shelter trees, fruit trees, roses, shrubs, and pot plants, at greatly re duced prices. Catalogues can be obtained which will furnish all requisite information. Mr. S. Wright, of the Wagga boot and shoe hospital, notifies by advertisement elsewhere that in addition to his large repairing busi ness he has commenced making all kinds of ladies and gentlemen's boots and shoes to order. Style and fit is guaranteed, and sewn | work will be made a speciality. 