AN HISTORICAL RELIC. London. April 17. Mr. Hall, a gentleman who takes a deep interest in antiquarian researches, re cently purchased from the Earl of Abing don a property on which stood what were supposed to be the ruins of Cumnor Place, Berkshire, the building which served as the prison of Amy Robsart, and which according to tradition is haunted by her ghost. He is now appealing to the law courts to rescind the purchase owing to the dis covery that there is no historical ground for the assertion that the ruins are those of Cumnor Place. Lokdon, April 18. Mr. Hall has been nonsuited in the action he instituted to rescind the con tract for the purchase of Cumnor Place from the Earl of Abingdon. In 1550 Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester, married Amy, daughter of Sir John Robsarfc. The match was arranged by his father, the Duke of Northumber land, who was very studious to provide in this way for the future fortunes of his son, and the wedding was graced by the presence of King Edward VI. Both bride and bridegroom were then about 18 years old. Lady Amy lived in the country and early in 1560 removed to Cumnor Place, Berkshire, the house of Anthony Forster, afterwards M.P. for Abingdon, the steward of her hus band, where on September 8 she was found lying dead with her neck broken at the foot of a staircase. She had been playing at tables, it was stated, with Mrs. Forster and two other ladies, had suddenly left the room, had fallen downstairs and broken her neck. A verdict of accidental death was re turned. It was generally believed at the time, however, that she was murdered, and that Leicester, if not Queen Elizabeth herself, was an accessory to the crime. Leicester's reported relations with the Queen were held to account for the murder. An historian in referring to the tragic event and the general accusa tions against Leicester, writes : — But all the unpleasant rumors prove on ex amination to be singularly vague, and are just such as Leicester's unpopularity, caused by his relations with the Queen, would have led numberless enemies to concoct. It i6 difficult to believe that the alleged murder would have been hushed up when so many persons regarded it to the interest of themselves and the nation to bring it home to Dudley. The theory of suicide has most in its favor. 