OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FBOM OUB OWN COBBESPONDENT.) Januaby 18. Mr Patterson's predilection for keeping hiniBelf on view is the raiton d'etre of a rather inconsequential speech on capital and labor delivered at a Presbyterian Oburch (of all places) in South Melbourne, before an audience tbat are explicitly described as (*t-?) ' people,' this by tbe way of not allowing it to be inferred that the listeners included old man kansaroo or cockatoo farmers. The Premier went on to say that 'every enterprise required money;' that u capital is indispensable in every relation ' that a man or woman who baB a few pounds stowed away in the Savings Bank ie a capitalist,' and similar platitudca. Con cerning labor, which Mr Patterson declared to be the aource of capital, the lecturer gave it aa his opinion that the worker 'should earn according to bis capacity.' Then he gave a sup to Cerberus, that is, the Church folk by.talklugiof Christian charity, mutual sympathy, and other nice things. The audience stood it to a man, and though one or two restless young bloodB at the back expressed a desire to throw bricks they were compelled to BubBide. The lecture is entertaining aa showing what rot a Minister of the Crown may feel himself justified in talking, and what long-suffering people he can get hold ot to listen to him. Tbey paid twice over, too, ae a collection waa made in aid of one of the village settlements. Young Victoria's pronunciation still con tinues to give us a good deal of trouble, judging by tbe columns that are published daily. Mr George Lupton, tbe well-known alocutionlst, and Mr J. F. Oathcart— whom theatre-goerB love to call ' the only Bir Peter Tesele in the colonies ' — bave been swept into tbe controversy, both gentlemen getting a lree, a very tree, ' ad.' Mr Lupton said a little abont the pronuncia tion, and very much about his own method of teaching correct speaking— a fearsome wilderness of phonetic sounds, wherein sibilants jostled labial- breaths, und aspirates ran amok after open vowels, while con sonants on the Ioobb held a cjrroboree with Unguals and liquids, Fancy an unfortunate foreigner trying to master the intricacies of the English language under such trying circumstanceB I Mr Oathcirt, as might have been expected, talked about the good old days when actors had to declaim their parts, and take their time in speaking, But that was when folk bad little to worry them. Mr Cathcart canuily declared that he saw very little to carp at in young Victoria's pronunciation, This point | is discounted when it is remembered tbe i actor is playing at the Alexandra, whtre there ia a sixpenny gallery. Supposing be abused young Victoria, it can easily be 1 understood how the contingent in tbe gallery would howl at him. Old 'Jimmy' was wise in his day and generation. Then Fro J tenor Merris must bave a Bbot at the sub j ject. He advocated more careful teaching, I and exprtfl&ed; himself to the effect tbat we i are bound to acquire an uccent and a pro nunciation differing from the parent stock through climate anu other causes. Ana bo on a. d lib. \ A lucid commentary on tbe crime record comes from the South Melbourne Court, ; where four bo^s, the eldest not being 16, wiiro charged with stripping a clotbte line i in broad daylight. Tbey were caught in 1 time, although tbey luccoeded in making off with several serviettes. The reason of tbe I theft was the hope of selling the clothes go ; as to buy marbles. The presiding J.P, (Mr ^ T. Smith) could do nothing but order eome hourB' imprisonment, regretting that ho did not bave tbe power to order Uem'a good birching.' But why bus not a magistrate the power to or-Ser a birching? ia a question that many people are aekiug. SometLing in tbe natnre of a farcical comedy has been plaved by tbe Metropoli tan Board of Works last Tuesday. Ihe plot turned on the eewage scheme, and Mr Jamea Moore's contract for constructing a ecction of tbe Holison's Bay main sewer. Somebody objected to something, and Commissioner Btyles had to ieply, explaining his views in a neat little speech two hours' long, assisted by diagrams. Mr Thwaitea had an equally important part to play, and tbe prologue oi the picce lasted until 11 o'clock. Then the curtain rose upon tbe comedy, when tbe f nil strength of the cast talked at one and the same time for halt an hour. No man heard what the other said, so there was nothing for it but to blaee away, The marriel men present were the first to weary, and bolted to eaten tneu trains, leaving a weak-kneed minority tbat wouldn't agree to anything, although some of those present reiterated— or rather roared— their desire to stay there until five iu the morn ing. Each man bellowed bis opinions at his fellows, until general deafness seemed imminent. And as they would not come to a decision or adjourn tbe last act was but imperfectly played. Tbe comtdy might have been going on still had not some of the more irate members incontinently rushed out, leaving the curtain to fall on a count out. Bnt the cabmen were pleased. This incident reminds me of a similar Incomprehensible outburst that occurred some months ago at a meeting of the | Shakespeare Society. Without any «a*n* I ing, and seemingly without provocation, the committee got wrangling with cach other like lunatics. Every man-jack resigned, even Dr. Neild, and the meeting terminated in dis order. One member shouted tbat he would pay his subscription ' to-morrow,' and ran I for his life, overturning the caretaker In his I flight, tor which action he had to tip the 1 man with half -a-crown and a drink, what made confusion more confounded waB the fact of the gas being cut off for some in explicable reason. The ghost ot the im mortal William had to suffer the insults of seeing tbe president of tbe Shakespeare 8ociety (Mr A. S. Way, M.A., who 1b now in England) running out for a pound of candles, which Dr. Neild lit and stuck into empty bottles. The balance-sheet could not be made out in the semi-gloom, consequently the majority of those present fell to squabbling- When tbey met again tbey roared with laughter at the contretemps. But to this day nobody knows how it hap pened, except tbat the spirit of diBcord hap pened to be present. Among tbe subjects tbat have boomed themselves persistently into notice is the old rolling stock on tho railways. ItB com plete demolition is advocated, much to Mr Bionardsone norror, jet noocay a arcs to take action in the matter, and nobody con sider tbe feelings of tbo old rolling stock, Evidently the stock wishes to shuffta off tbe coil of existcccj somehow, ani, seeing no one will perform the happy deepstch, the stock has nit on the Btrangc idea of setting itself on fire. An old second-class carriage set tbe fashion by means ol a loose bolt in I tbe cross-beam. The friction of the bolt I against the rotten wood caused the fire. Tbe I passengers saw the flames long before the | guard, and the carriage had to he taken off at Tullarook, near Wadunga. Nowofcourso the travelling public is afraid to euter a second-class carriage tor fear of its settir*.^ I itself on fire, jost wheu eeochd-class I travelling was bocomc fashionable too, I Bome people profess to see the departmental I finger in tbe incdjnt. After all, why should not toe Bailwaj Department get np a little scare, to drive the straying sheep back to the fold, that ia, tbe firsi class ear i luges. The old roliipg- stock i« bad enough in all conscience. A i;ew days ago a picnic party went to Morniugton, and. to economise, travelled second class. Tbey had ciiuse to repent their action. Not a , window would open, although it was a roasting day, while such luxuries aB blinds bad gone years ago. Luckily, every now and again a door would swing open, and admit a little fresh air. This was of course dangerous, but preferable to being stifled. Tbe floor smelt, and tbe seats were hard, narrow, and dirty, Up till then tbe picnickers hBd thought the first class carriages became seoond as their up* holsterings wore ont. Coming home they sampled another variety, whose windows would not shut, slipping down every time they were pulled np, Before the light went out the merry-makers swore they saw hundreds ol fleas playing pitch and toss with the dead bodies of their comrades slain by the travellers. A guard supplied another lamp, which just lasted till the final station was reacted and then buret. This, of course, showed great considerationgfor tbe party, but is it any wonder that the old rolling etock should desire its demise? The fascination of the xailway theme is my excuse for alluding to the annual picnic last Baturday at Ballarat. Tbe name naturally conjures up a gathering of engines and trains enjoying themselves by running rcces, knocking cach other to pieces or wrestling with each other after the f^&hion; of the Olympian games, blowing themselves up by consuming too much, and otherwise taking their pleasure smoking hot. But at the Ballarat railway pic nic nothing of this kind occurred, ex cept at the end of the feBlivity when several people averred tbat the lines got up and bit them in the face. One of the Pi.-uuix engines played such tricks that a trusted and trusty employ^ distinctly saw it double itself. The banquet loBt its flavor through tbe number of tedious speeches. However, ae the speeches did not bar the chance of drinking the toast three times over, the majority were happy. But the subsequent reprehensible conduct of the engines and the lines requires looking into. 