The Late Mr. Caleb Parker. ' IN M^MORIAM' SERVICES AT THE '?WESLEYAN CHURCH. fCoMMUNlOATKD.l In connection with the demise of the late Mr. Caleb Parker, ' In Memoriam' services were conduoted on Sunday last by the Rev. D. A. Gilsenan;- Th# deceased gentleman had for many years been an earnest member of the Wesleyan Church, and in many ways his Iobs will be severely felt. The weather on Sunday last was sbihewhat inclement, aud no doubt | prevented mnny from a distance attending, who would otnerwise nave Deen present. J.ne con gregations, however, both morning and even ing, were very large, and the services were of a most solemn, interesting, aud instructive character. The pulpit was very appropriately draped in blaok for the occasion, and the sing ing of the hymns by the congregation, and. the ? anthems by the Choir was of a most inspiring character. The morning text was taken from Numbers 23rd ohap. and 10th verse— 'Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like His.' In his introductory remarks, the preacher intimated that probably few people entered eternity without breathing the prayer of the text or one containing exactly the same substance, though were we to judge merely from the lives of men, or the preparation they were making to seoure a peaceful end, we might often oonotude that no prayer was so remote from men's miuds us Balaam's. Still if en quiries were made it would be found otherwise. They might, for iuBtance, ask a hundred differ ent persons the question, ' What death woulc ' ? aTav viVy:S''w-«Vj.V r:-' ; ? -V ?- j ' . I ''j _ v\:„ ^ \ ^ \ ^ x ^ ^ V 1 a \- - 1 - ^ ^ ^ e ^ - i ''S -v, ^ h I ? r * « Si 1 s ^ ^ '''? ? If *? ' Vv ^ j 1 * i i J 1 \ \ ' .~V... ? Lf IlJL 1 1 ^ tne die the death of the righteous, aud let my last eud be like His.' The preacher added, there must therefore be something very desirable iu the death of a good mau which makes it an end Sought or longed for by so many ; so desirable, '? in faot, that many who shun the righteous iu i life are anxious to be olosely allied with them when it comes down to the hour aud article of death. There must then be a striking contrast between the de%th of the righteous aud : :the wicked ; and it would be strange if it were not so, for while the oqg spends life merely in r preparing to live, the other spends it largely in preparing to die; consequently, when death -comes the one often shrinks from it in terror, whereas the other as often hails its approach Mwith gladness and joy. The preacher dwelt : -upon the points that though the righteous muBt die as well as the unrighteous, their end was fraught with joy— divine peace. Being ''Temples of the Holy Ghost,' who was their guide, comforter, aud helper, they were enabled to ?-i leave earth, victors over the world, flesh, and the \- devil— more than conquerors through Him, who had loved them. The rev. speaker referred to the faot that the text, probably in Balaam's case and many others, was expressive only of an earnest wish that led to no alteration iu the ^ life aud action, and therefore in such cases proved of no lasting benefit. He thought they all might learn from the text ; that it was possible fOr the unrighteous to become righteous; that , good wishes will not save the soul, and that prayer m^y be offered in vain, because prayer :in form and nothing more. Reference was made during the discourse to the deceased mem ber of the church, who in his sickneis was favoured with much joy and peace, and the preacher conoluded by quoting the beautiful verses commencing — It is not death to die, To, leave this weary road ; v.,- And midst the brotherhood on high, IV be at home with God. ?? _ iV At the evening servioe, the text was taken \ from ThesBftloni^ns, 4th chap. 13th verse, ''But -v I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, ? concerning then* whioh are asleep, that we lOWOtr not, even as others .which have hope; - for if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even to them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with Him.' The speaker commenced by remarking that we were learning lessons of mortality daily Death's ! but a path that must be trod, If mau would ever pass to God. Like the postman, death knocks at every door, and brings to some good news, to others tidings of disaster. God measures lives, not by years, but by the fulfilment of life's purposes, aud no man lives long, who does uot live to the glory of God. It was a grand thing to be able to s$y of many gone home, ' Thou hast loved righteousness and hated iniquity.' Any town or district was poorer for the loss of a really good man, but while earth was poorer, Heaveu was made richer by such transfers. The Gospel completely met the needs of man here, and shews men even a bright side to death itself. The Thessalonian heathen had no hope, and the sepuloharal inscriptions indicated that death was ' An everlasting night.' While, however, some of the heathens looked forward to death with some satisfaction because they thought they would aee. Homer, Huaiod, and other eminent spirits, the Christian rejoices in the prospect of ' Seeing Jesus.' The Christian hope of the text is the resurrection and con cerning which even the wisest among the phi losopher had no idea. The doctriue of the resurrection is emphatically a Christian doc trine. Death was described by the apostles as a 'sleep'-- a metaphor used frequently iu the Scriptures, as applied to .the body, therefore a state of rest, a oontrast to life, also p . u u co n acu-n 'All avenues of the sensea were closed. The sleep, however, was to be of limited duration ; death had not upon it the aiguet of perpetuity. We shall sleep, but not for ever, There will bo a glorious dawn. The distinguishing feature iu the death of tho Christian was that ' They sleep in Jesus,' im plying a previous union with Hiin, and that they died, as well as lived, in Christ. Various appropriate references were made to the late Mr. Parker during the sermon, which was listened to with very marked attention and interest, aud at the close a brief sketch of de ceased's life was read, In concluding the dis course the preacher quoted the following verges, by Mrs. Gilsenan, which, though written some little time previously, seemed to have an appro priate application to the departure of the one whose loss they now mourned. Gone ; but we would not recall him, Though our hearts ar# aching sore; For our brother reigns in glory, All his trials now are o'er, In the silent midnight watches, Ansjel bore him from our sight j Wafted home his ready spirit To the realms of endless light. Trusting in the name of Jesus, Faithful unto death he proved ; Now he wears the promised life-crown, By the Father's hand bestowed. Here below with us he mingled, And the interview was sweet ; But the master deemed the loved one's Life of faith, a work complete. Death to him was but a shadow Passing o'er a life of love ; But tho shadow of the portal Of Jerusalem above, Here on earth he sang His praises, Now he Bing8 in noble strains j Helps to swell the hallelujahs, ' - Echoing o'er the heavenly plains. No ; we cannot, will not wish him Back, though tears may quickly fall ; As we view the circle broken By the Father's loving oall. Saviour keep our feet from falling, Draw us closer, Lord, to Thee; May this trial tend to make us YVhat ThyBelf would have us be, 