IN MAINE WATERS. Three men sat on the starlit verandah. Tho night was balmy and still, snvo for the ocoa- sional.riiBtle of tho breszo and the chirping of the oriokots. From time to time Seductive trains of muslo wero wafted from tho danco hall at tho further niilo of tho hotel. Rut tho ocoupanta of this part of tho verandah were silent and absorbed. Two were smoking; the third, a slender youth of 24 venrs, sat with arms folded upon the railing. His attitudo and ex. prossion were deeply dependent. Of his aompanions ono was about his own age, quito stout, with an indolent manner and a good natured, intelligent face. The other, a mnn of some 30 summers, Bhowed a fins athlstio figure and was very handsome. The despondent inombor of tho trio broko the Bllenoc. "Boys," said ho, "I'm in the devil's own mess." " That Is tho third slnoo a week ago yesterday, Jack," oommontsd the handsome smokor. " Wlmt is it now ?" "The others are nothing to this, Davenport Dleic Somers has gone to Bar Harbor with my valise, and I've his confounded trunk here." "How did you manage that?" queried the stout young men. "Why, we left Now York in a thundering hurry, and I allowed him to attend to tho cheeks — big fool I was, knowing Dick as well as I do. Of oourso, he mixed them up. What I want to know iB how the dcuoo I am to go to the Olarka'a dauoe to-morrow night ? Can't possibly reoover the valise in time." "Force Somors's trunk look and grab hia dress auit," suggested Davenport, laconi cally. " Thanks, Maurieo. You'venever seen Somers, I take it ?" " True, that pleasure has been deniod me. What docs the geni Ieman measure over all ?" " Woll, he weighs 189 in tho shade, and I, assisted by winter Uannels and a fur lined ulster, havo managed to tip tbo scales at 136." There was a solemn Bilcuce. "Borrow," at length advised the stout young man in concise' inspiration. "I've tried it, Harry. Evory man within 10 lb. of mo wants ills own regimentals for to-' morrow. It's only tbs ohamplons of Somera's stamp who are not going, apparently." . "I swear," broke out Jack, angrily, " I never know a more disgusting muddle. If the aornpa only had tho dignity of originality about it thoro'd bo some fun in it But it's what any ass oould do. It's an oxtromoly awkward, silly, qom- monplaoe affair, I say, and, therefore, -no way out of it. 'I " Perhaps you're more likely, to get put of it- from the very faot of its boing commonplace," suggested Davenport. " Tho worat aoolal sornpo I ovor fell into, with ovrntual recovery, 'was about as replete with ths oommouplaoo and idiotlo as It was devoid of the heroic and digni fied." Let'b hear about It," said Churohill. . "Yes, go ahead," said Jaok. "If you can toll me anything that will boat this on any line. M&urico;, I'll surrender to you all the mouey I loso rocovoring that blamed valise. " " Don't be rash, Jaok, my boy. However, if you want a yarn to arouse within you the spirit of hops and emulation, here goes— aud, mind you, don't go to sloop just as I reaoh tho thrilling part, as my wife saya I do whon she tries to tell me tha latest cxaitomcnt at 2iu tho morning." " It was io the palmy days of my youth, hut ths exaot date and location of tho drama aro not osaontial to tha tale. How it happened is all you want to know. I will add, however, that it waa summer. I, with six or seven kin dred spirits, had. stumbled upon an ideal oamplng ground on tho banks of a charming rivor, running Into Maine waters. We encamped sufficiently far from civilisation to do as. wo ploasod, 'nnd yot, within reasonable tramping dlstanas from the pretty littlo village, wliiob thon boasted ono modest and attrsotivo hotel, nnd hiid'not bocome the fashionablo resort it is to-day. "We wore nil more or less nddiotcd. to swimming, nnd nearly every morning, when it was bright and not too oool, four or five of us would start, eaoh armed with a towol, for a spot three-quarters of a mile from oamp, whore a big fiat rook made nn excellent diving pier, and where tho swimming facilities, with one ex- aoption, wore bottor than anywhere else. "The one 'out' about it was tho ourrent, whioh near the tido-run and at a certain dis- tanoo from the shore waa vory swift and strong. Until wo had learned its habits wo had lamed ourselves pretty well ones or twice trying to row against it, but otherwise it had given us very littlo troubto. "Tho rivor was at Ita widest just horo, rather resembling a small lako, nnd somowlmt beyond midstream was a vlotursaquo littlo ialand, graocd with n pino grove ntnan i,. , ' romnntio nopltS' .much affected by nke.Vt""1 nud tho flirtatiously inclined diiriJ. iS ? ' season in the littl. town. All of a? crack awimmora CBocoiallv hmi Plr#® distance betwe.n on? JmSJ pt Z7C\7 many times, hut with our eyes and ii . if 4 To be sure, experiments woro just in our nnd oxponcnoo we judged ohsan »t sb V price but, though ths distance U larly to he considered, the ourrent was. this side of the island, and it ran hard-lit,,! ? whon supposed to be sluggish." "nrdcat " Now, I was not only one of ths it,... mighty, but a triflo more conceited than ths other two m regard to personal prowess. Th.r ' fore, one superb morniSg. whenw. "aefe shore between 6 and 7 o'clock, the . tempted mo strongly. It throstsned a Est but at this early hour tho breeze was intoxioaf ing, the water lUDomparahlo. andIRazcd „ tho island with determination in my evo !«S snoko I ' Well boy. who'll rac.'M basbfhl tide-turn? Don't X "No ono replied immediately. Of the twa from whom I might most reasonably havo «« pooled an aocoptaneo of my oliallengs, one 'can a derisive hoot and tho other, Lelsnd MsyuanL aid coolly, 'Well, I won't, for one.' '"Why not?' I asked, rnthor surprised, for Maynnrd had ones or .tw co beaten ma. Find Nobis had failed. Wllc(« 'Too high a price for tho fun. Rsmombor wo vo no boat nor brandy here, Davenport' ; ' Nonsense, ' said L There's no dsugsr in .'"All right, then ; thoro lan't. Snpposs you roo&ught; on the homeward trip? Have von forgotten how near it is to tide-turn?' demanded Lolnnd. '"Not at nil. If your watoh is wlist yon warrant it, Mnynnrd, there's amplo time to swim to that island and book, allowing neatlr ton, or at least five, minutes for rest between trips. " ' Well, lot's see you do it.' "You daro me?' said I, quiokly. " ' Yoi,' from all but Maynard, wbo possessed moro oaution mixed with his oommon sense than the rest of us. " 'I don't,' said he, 'but I tell you what Maurice, if you do it to-day, fair and square! I'll do it to-morrow.' '"Done,' said I, walking to the end of tbo little pier. '"Hold on,' cried Noble. 'Better taken shawl or two with you, Day. You may need it over thoro before night This wind ia freshen ing a bit.' ' ' ' Thanks, Frod. Lend rao that towel you're hugging yourself with, will you?"' " With, thnt I took tha plunge, tho others cheering as my head appeared next isstant above tho water. I' struok out' in great styls, but a warning from the bank, ' Go easy, old man 1 Savo your strength,' was not to bo dss- piscd, nnd I eased up. "Tho ourrent was a trifle leas sluggish than I had anticipated, but this did not disturb ms, I was in fino working trim, and the only thing that marred my onjoyment was the fsot that tho further I went from tho shore the colder beoame the water. However, I was acoustomcd to Maine soas, and had growled only the pre vious day because the river wator was, as a rule, too enervating. Ths tompsrature beoame stationary presently, and thon I found, some what to my uneasiness, that I had apparently followed its example. A few minutes longer, nnd I began to think it timo I approached tbs island. The ourrent seamed growing stronger, and I, furthermore decided the water would bs nono tho worse for a little steam tnrnsd on. I hsard my companions' snooursging shouts, but I did not cave to waste any wind in triumphal responses. I was not at all alsrmsd, for I knew tbst I oould turn over end float if I should give out, or if, as I btgan to four, wo had made a mistako in regard to tide- turn. Grim sxperienoe in rowing had taught us this was within tbs bounds of possibiiity, even to omnisoient collegians. But I set my testh, and went on. I had atarted for the island, and the , island I would reaeh if I died from oxhnustlon upon its ill stirred shores. " Then I saw I was near it. Then I realised as never before tho slgnlllo&nco; of tho home streloh. Then I began to get mad. There loomed the island, evidontly 4 feet away. Why didn't I reaoh the confounded thing ? And what ailed tha current? " It had no business to be so strong lior'o, tide-turn .or no tide-turn. More over, why should tho water bo so muoh colder near this hank than on tho one. I left behind " There waa no scientist at hand to answer liieso posers in natural history, nnd then I dis- .covered .to my horror that, there was not tus ghost of a landing place for anything but a fisn on ths end of a reliable lino on tbiB part of tus Island." Pleasant, very, for a neaily exhausted and extremely ohilly swimmer, with no towol, bath'iiig suit nor trousers. ' "I was now too ' oliary of every breath to oven swear, so gathering myself together, I made one final spirt to leeward, and after a few e'xoiting and .interminable seconds, succeeded la .crawling ashore in a sheltered littlo spot at tbo foot of tho high shelving bank, where I sank in a heap, completely done urn The molxne wan not too ateep, nud was aoft and sApi;"/ with pins needles, but it was too shaded. Ibo sap lings nnd. underbrush oaught the win4n4 . ' off the sun, besides which I was on tho wsitsm side of tho island. This dlsoorery lmrid. oven before I Stoppod gasping, and nt the samo taa I found myself, Instead of glowing with re aotion, beginning to shiver.' " It was useless tolhlTk of the retura'wta at present. I suddenly realised what a tre mondous effort I had mads, and "JI . olation wns oonohlorably tempered by my frigidity. I had done it, the If rd alone knew how; and I must do Usgsln, th'»l0 know how ; but It was L> Wy to 9 .d whatever until I had regained breath and had sat in the sun a few moments. I would I sso tho bank, and bask in that loliy open specs nnd never to my dying day ,!1.f! |. gci1illed sight that met my .yes, nnd still further cainsu my blood, when my head appeared over "'"immediately opposite me, on a beneath the murmuring pme», ant om most attraotive looking 2'' . . girlish before or since. She was industriou ing a distant vista, and I have uoy moment thank heaven that at thnt particular momea her eyes happened to bo on her paper. " To havo saved my fife 'T00 Foriun- restrained the convulsive gasp I g min( t0 ately I retained oufliolont P"""0- j "polk drop the instant I had dono so. Di rop tb( about your Canada toboggan 1 , w;1|0|x bottom of that bank with «U tin. spse tho attraotion of Etavi'"tl' j accompanl6<1 pino needles and fear, onn off ' , , twlgl in my mad career by a "bower o frjendl/ and grnvol. Orouohlng ben(!»|» „,„lt of the uudorbruibf I \va»t«il in 1 W landslide. What should I do? a bn I £1 .mriiThio worst atrnltB wos not bettor off than HJoblnniow n0hd, at least, somo 1 '1 , ?hPaml a few ashes. I h»<l nothing, nova (jokoloth and Moreover, Job suffered in ErtropTc"l country. .1 eowered.on the .body aide ®MTf Job badoerbooMabsolutely dcntUuto x.m lio'd never havo ahaved his head 1" I , ,1 irnfullv. but endeavored to retain my Umbibhing rospeot for the groat patriarch by diminish! g rcCoipt for bearing the inovi- ryingto re "YUallaeJ tl.ia to bo patience I nL rationed in my situation meant ouro dwtb. Job loat ground." "Swearing, however, proved equally unsstis- .. tV iirea not pay to awear when you have By reason of your ohattoring teotli you „ver the moat important consonants atarnmcrovertno tha foroo >m, half £? iS What was I to do? Here I hB no friends, no food, no boat, no hfllter not oven a fig loaf to cover ma, and ten tho bl.eso.1 light of tha nun proven ed from nfntn, unon mo. Confound that girl ! What f»k of nature could have indued a pretty iinsiblo looking women like her to aook n lonely Ed at thin unholy hour of tho day? The pursuit of art ? How did alio coma tiioro, any- ""Tlils qucatlon answered itaelf, and I aprang on with tha buoyancy of a rubbor ball. The kirlb presence moant a boat of aomo hind. I S«,M ask her leave to borrow— Oh, would I ? And explain why I wanted it ? Thanks, awfully ! I was in a nice condition for addressing roapect- able females, lolalone fabricating polito apeeohoa ...I .noloclea to them, wnan't I ? "No thin plan would not woik. Thoro was mlliine'for it but to find hor boat, absoond witli It and truat to luck for returning it before ahe discovered its abxenco. Porhnpa I oould got warm hunting it up. , , "But I did not get warm outwardly, though tawardly I reached the boiling point inside of font minutes. Hugging a rooky coast au naturel fa not conducive to comfort or philosophy, bo- Idea which, I had not gono 20 paces before I eame plump upon n big boulder-one of the kind vou can go uoitlior ovor, under, around nor through. I was convinced it novcr had been tbero before and did not bolong there now, but nevertheless it was a firmly fixed foot of tho oresent, and nil I oould do was to glaro at it and stop. This time I derived a littlo moro comfort from what I said in my aoul and eropt book to my former shelter, Horo, for the first time, the brilliant idea ocourred to mo that I had friends upon tlio mainland, and that tboy might ho willing to assist me if I notified thorn of my whereabouts. . . "Accordingly, off I otarted again in tho other direction, and quiokly reached a point whenoe, leaning cautiously forward, I could about to ward ahoro. And shout I did, only to find the wind doad against mo, having probably put it self out to veer on my acoount. To bo sure, I did hear a faint halloo, but I know tt must be sither a far away ohallonga or my own echo, for my enfeebled pipe could never have spanned the distance to the shore. ' "Still I tried again. This tiina thero was a reply, distinct and near, not, alas ! from the rlvor, but from tho grove bohind and above DO I" "I bad forgotten all about that girl in my renewed intorcst in the friends ol my happier days, and ahe had recognised my signal of dis tress. In less time than it takes to say it I eramblcd back to my undorbrusb, muoh tho worse for wear. "Again I ooworod and waited, and again was rewarded by nothing more ominous than a dis tant rostliug. By the timo I had regained a semblance of calmness I realised my last obanoe wis gone. I could not ask for help, the tide hid turned, the wind had changed, and my friends— "Onoe morejl dared to onvy Job. Even his three miserable comforters wero of more use to him than mine own familiars to mo. Those ehspsashoro might as well be dead and buried tor all tha good they did mo. No, there wits nothing for me to do but die, I reflected gloomily, and in very bitterness of spirit, for I was still young, and life, though ehili, was iwset, I groaned loud and deop. "That settled the business. It is not to bo lipooted that any human being, even an artist, tu hear a gasp, a landslide, two faint shouts lad a groan without experiencing some sort of interest, nnd when tho hearer is a woman, the interest is likely to inolude ourioaity if not four. Before I was fully aware of my rashness, a second nnd more deoided ruotling was haard bote me, and a clear voice tinged with anxiety called, 'What is it? Who's tiiere? la any one hurt?' sad looking despairingly upwards I perceived— "Well, boys, she did not see me, anyhow ! There wan just one thing to do, and I did it. I lolled out of that underbrush, off the bank and v? "" rl,cr w'"1 oven more alnority than that wmeh I had displayed in my recent toboggan- kg feat Safely immersed to my ohin, and e niching a fragment of rook, I faced hor. Bhe ilooa now on tlio sdge of the bauk, with one nsna on n bent tree bough, nud boforo I could teak, oho oxolaimed : "Walt! Hold on a minute longor, and I'll Join!'"' " """ Just wait till I can got Groat beavona! My reply was little loss than Mj Don't ! ' I yollod in frenzy. 'For goooneu sale, stay where vou are ! Oh, don't | wnodown-doa't ! Iudoed, I'm all right ! I- e j18 '0l>pod abruptly inher preparations !« descent. 'Why not? What is tho mat- I """'y ldaoe to oome down,' I stum- I 1 ' rr ,lly' "lcre'a no need, I sssuro you I I ««ke»- r!.10 1 firoaned again booauao I oould I eft,'? J)® nontenco any other way. I mu i,.i 8 'lten down a dasen times,' she I .VL " easy enough. And you ' I Ihutlf mi18'' ' dont ' I pleailetl. 'Honestly, I r. ,D' ,TI|« may he snakes ' I Joul Tbon— -S" """ island ' Htt" one W®n I tomoi' 1 ' Gr,at Soott, no. But you needn't I S5'yu— eae ' I And nhv 4n 1 h6lp you from UP h®ro? B till rntni? yn oomo out of tho water? You 1 KJFSK? jlavo » ohill-your teeth are I »Urand£li B", a" oomo out of 11)0 1 w and tell mo what is tha troublo. ' I plimCly: 0UC<1 mr0, Slle BRid ,tU1 more I » kuttlVj0!1,0 'le'P y»- I know you nro ill I 'by In that oni'i Pa'"ve'y "iokod for you to I 0110 n W?'r> What 's It?' a littlo B '"No >r a (Jan t you B«t out ? ' 1 ,i\7(f,yo"tmg'oaw:Py.0'rated' 'n0t P3- l',natora!i»l1Bri00ioaB rePon®o to her kindness 8 'P'Wno„Llofd taken aliaok that I threw "further lelay u to my doom with- 8 'PPear w'nnoi v if'lm fr' Rwful'y «orfy to H f?" '» much mnr'. J uould explain matters to 8 l1"1 camp atool.n iiB',y you won1 E haok to B K I-'he wl l8t me tMk you from tlio 8 ,a't in Boston i"'e llRV0 loft my I'?" 'ctno'.'to imCMkBca!5? a ,u<W®n transforma- I 1 "y aomtiloxinn m. d y- AS for my own, I 8 Crimion nii ?u c iango from grey blue to 'ho rapidity of n oliamolcon. Without Another word aho turnod aud vaniahed. I aorambled out ol tho writer, And, moro cautiously, up tho bank, and thore vontured again to uprear my diminished head above its odgo, 4< expeoting me so soon. She was sitting on the oainp stool, bout nearly double, with hor faoo hidden in her hands and hor shoulders Bhaking as if with tho aguo. " In whatever othor rcspeots I may havo been found wanting, my worst enemies have never found ins deficient in a senso of humor ; yet, I solemnly declare to you, boys, that I Imil neon nothing in this wliolo cxporicnco oven approaoli- ing tho ridioulous until I saw that girl shake. " For tho first timo since leaving the main land I smiled. Yes, I was funny, veiy funny, I supposed. But it seemed to mo I couldn't bo as funny as I wan cold. So I vontured to hro'uso hor by a bronchial oougii. Slid started, but I give her credit for a wonderfully prompt oontrol of herself. Catching up a heavy shawl wiiioh lay near hor on tho ground, she throw it with a woll dirooted aim towards me. ' Can you renoli t V she inquired, doubtfully. " 'Thanks, yes.' I olongated my ncok, seized tho fringo in my tooth and hauled It in. As I disappeared with it over tho hank I caught her eyo unexpectedly, nnd I know she doubled on horsolf again while I was gono. "'You're awfully good,' said I, bobbing up once more. I had gained a little self confidence from the comforting folds about ray weary frame. ' Won't the water hurt it?' " 1 Dear ine, no,pt'i used to it. Now, what are yog going to do? "Whero did you come from ?' "I explained briefly. She opened hor big brown oyes in undisguised' amszomont, and I hnd( loisnre now to notice that thoy wore as fasoinating a pair as any that I had ever met. " 'Do you mean to eay,' she demanded, 'that you swam from tho shore to this inland ? On that side? Where that dreadful current runs?' " ' Yes, I was just that much of a fool. I know I don't desorvo any pity or holp. But If you could lend me your boat I'll do my best to get it back hero before breakfast,' I ventured timidly. "She gave me a withering glanee. 'Do you consider yourBolf in a good condition for rowing hsek againBt wind nud tide?' she inquired scorn fully. " ' Perhaps not. But I oortainly won't ask you to do any errands for me,' said I promptly. '"Well, neither onn you provont me, said ahe, ooolly, and rose, adding with decision, ' Now leavo tlio rest of tilis busineos to inc. You deserve— something awful, but you'ro too cold to bo scolded yet. 1 am going to sond your friends to you at onco, and do you, the instant I am gono, oome up here in the suu and exercise ao hard as you can until they come. Don't argue, but do as you are told ! ' "Sho turnod away. 'I ssy, wait a aecond, please,' I oxolaimed. " ' What is it ?' she OBkcd. "'I— well, you. soe— it's nothing, only per haps you'd better— lot them know you're coming — if passible, ' I stammered, wishing I were dead. 'You know, they might — soma of them — take it into their heads to — to swim after me — that's all. I ' " ' Very well, I'll rcmombor,' she replied with perfeat gravity. But I never saw a girl descond a bank eo quiokly in all my vast and checkered expsriouce." "Tho instant she was out of sight I made a rush for the sunny space. I tried my best to exeroise, but I was too weak to keep it up. A dainty row boat suddenly shot out. upon the water from the shore below mo, and I retreated under the blessed shawl and watehed her. Sho pulled a long, steady stroke, and was as grace, ful as a sea nymph, tha aurront apparently not giving her muoh trouble. She paused to give mo an encouraging wave of the hand. I responded, in feeblo gratitude, and then sank in a haap, and lay shivering for what Boomed a week. "But it was probably not more than 20 minutes wbcnlhcard again the cheering plashof oars, followed by shouts, to whieh I did not deign to tepiy. Presently Bert Doland and Sinclair Crosby appeared. They took one look and grabbed mo. Thoy rubbod me down and bundled mo up, aud walked ma about, and Sineiair unoorked something— I did not ask what. I merely seizod it, and relieved it of half its oontents. "'Hold on,' cried Deland; 'it belongs to her.' " ' I don't care,' but I stopped to examine it — a dainty silver flask, with three initials artistically intertwined on one side. "'Who is she?' I demanded with enthusi asm. " ' Maynard will tell you. You oomo ashore, and don't ask questions. We don't propose to wait breakfast any longor for a oliap who trifles with the conventionalities at you hare done tbie morning, Davenport.' " But half an hour later, when I lay safe in camp, wrappad in blankate, and gorging myself on Bert's unrivalled ooffee, they ranged them- elves in a half circle around me and became communioative. " It seemed they did not discover the tide bad turned until soma time after I did, and then as tbeir shouts elioited no response, they grew anxious, nnd called a meeting for aonclavc. They ooneiuded that I must have fainted, and decided that Maynard and Noble, aimed witli light planks, should swim over, while the others jnnod their raiment and went to town for assistance. Just as tho two swimmers were preparing for tho struggle, Bert espied a boat, ooming towards them from the island. Their joy at tliis disoovory was dampened, however, when some ono announced that there was a woman at the oars. Sho seemed to he in a hurry. They all lookod at eaeli othor. 'Maurice doesn't seem to be in it,' murmured Maynard, at length. 'Do you suppose—' "But no one dared to supposo anything. It was a painful moment. Then1 Bert, recovering himself, hinted that as tha fairy barquo sppoarod to be heading for them, it might be as well for Maynard and Noble to retire Into prirate life, and ionvo the others to manago tho pnrioying. Thoy aooeptod the suggestion, and it was Bert, the immaoulato and suave, who advanoed to receive tho fair oarswoman. ' May I assist you ? he said gravoly lifting his cap. . " ' Thank you,' was the reply. But I think you had hotter take' this boat and go to tho island at onoe. Your friend is in trouble.' Slight hesitation, hut perfcot composure. 'I think he is not liurt, but ho will ctrtuinly need braudy, and plenty of blankets. Don't stop to thank me now,' bHo added hastily, 1 take this ; thrusting ft flask into his hand, and go, qU'"It's awfully good of yon. But how will you got homo if we take your boat? "?I'll walk— I often do. Leave it at -tho hotel float any time to-day. Never mind mo. Will you, whilo you are ovor there, bring bnok my skotohing materials ? That's all, Thanks. Good morning !' She turned and walked rapidly away. "There was another spellbound instant, and again Deland rallied. ' Oome now, you fellows, bo spry. Out to camp, Crosby, ami got somo blankets, and you, Maynard, and Noblo, conto out there and hustle your duds on while I eoiltst that Davenport's wardrobe. Lively now. Wlrats un. Crosby?' "Crosby was looklag wistfully after tho vanishing lady.' " 1 Suppose it wouldn't do to overtaki her?' ho remarked, doubtfully, ' eho'a going my way, too.' "Doland turned on him. 'You take the other path, Sineiair, end let the girl alone. Great Scot, mun ! Can't you see she's had enough of us for one morning?'" " Tiiis was thoir version, told ehicfly by Crosby, whoso narrativa powers wsra superior, and now oondonsed by mo. Then I cleared my throat and gavo thom tho foregoing chapter, and if that camp had been att&oked; by Indians, or ovon prairia dogs, during the next ton min utes, I doubt if thero would havo been a man among us capable of olfering the slightest resis tance. " I made them promise, after wo were all well again, not to allude to the matter until sunset, after whieh they might have froo play ; but that very nfternoon I took Maynard into my oonQdonoo. Ho, it scorns, know tho girl woll, I kont to the oity for somo Jacqueminots, un earthed from among my traps a fitnoiful box, in wbiob I packed tho silver flask, refiliod with brandy of superlative quality, and wrote a note which Maynard assured me was a masterpiece. It was short, grateful aud dignified. I was not satisfied with it myself, but it was tho best I oould do in my unhinged raontal condition. "When tho flowers, arrived they wero promptly despntohed, together witli tile note and brandy, by Maynaid. At about 11 that morn ing I went in fur a solitary swim. I was care ful to hug tlio right shore this time and tried no experiments of any kind. I also maintained striot watoh ovor an umbrella and blanket whieh I had plaosd in a hidden and handy nook, Of course, as I was armed and prepared for any thing, no ono asms noar ine. The water wee tropical, and tho ourrent Boomed to have left the river for good and alL "But at last I heard a summons from the bonk— gentle, but imperative. Sly nerves had not yet fully recovered from the shook they had so rooentiy Bustainod, and I started at onco for the umbrella. But it proved to bo only Deland, Slaynard and Crosby sitting on a fence, ail three waving aloft in either band some portion of my apparel. Thoy looked immensely edified by something. 'What's on?' I inquired, approaehing the shore." " They broko it to me carefully. The long and tho short of it was that, owing probably to Slaynard's machinations, that girl wanted to meet mo. Sho was getting up a hop at tho hotel for the next evening, to wiiioh we were all cordially invited. My presenos was particularly requested. The fire of heroism gleamed in my sye. " 'Not much 1' said I, forvently. " Thereupon they intimated that unless I re considered and proved amenable to trying cir cumstances they might he obliged to resort to force. They hoped the watsr would remain at its present temperature, they said, and that the ourront would bring aioug some raw fish, at loast, boforo night — gently waving my garmentB with a significance of manner beyond the used of explanation. " ' Do you mean to say, you eonfoundsd land lubbers, that you intond to keep me from land ing until I promiio to go to that hop?' de manded I. " ' Wolf, not qnito that. You may land if you like, Day, but we would recommend your trying the island rather than this coast. You would feel less out of plaee over there, you know, as you are. You sea, it's just this way: You're a handsome oliap, Maurice, whatovcr you may or may not wear, but ths fact is the moral atandard of this camp must be maintained. We dislike to uss e'xtVomo measures, iny dear boy, but it'a dress suit to-morrow evening or a term on the island to-night. Ste ?" "Thus, Maynard, with an airy sweep of my trousers. With a sound between a groan and a howl, I fell baok in the water, oauslng a tre mendous splash. ' Go home, boys,' said I ' Go, and leave me to my fate. Those trousers are good ones and paid far ; it's a luckier man than I who'll get them. Tell her that her image is enshrined in my heart ; tell her I couldn't forget her. if I would— tell her any thing. But may my bon'es bo wafted to the islo whero first we mat, there to crumble and whiten awAy, before I again darken her horizon of my own free will.' " This impassioned bnrst took efleet. They knew of what I was capable, onoe my mind was made up, and thejr further reflected I was too valuable an addition to camp, by reason of sundry physical powers, to make it advisable to murder me in cold water. So preiently, Maynard, with a deep sigh, laid aside my trousers and held np what looked like an envelope. " 'Hero's a note I was asked to give you,' ho remarked meekly. ' But, of course, I oan return it, and say you ware too prostrated to read it. Porhaps wo bad batter see first if it is impoitant '" " I came ashore. Ths note ran something like this ' Dear Air. Davenport your lovely tribute for tha service I rendered you the other day has quite ovsrwhelmad mo. We have a mutual friend in Air. Maynard — will you not come witli him to our dance to-morrow evening, and let ine thank you in person ? I should like to satisfy mysoif that you are none the worse for your— pardon my plain speaking— decidedly rcekleis feat ou Wednesday morning. I hope, sincerely, you will care to oome. Cordially yours ' " "Davenport stopped. 'Never mind her name,' he remarked ealmly, ' I ' " ' How do you happen to remember the note eo well ?' demanded Churchill. 'Did you learn It by heart before Airs. Davenport found it— or after?' " ' Before, 'replied Davenport, laughing. She knows the whole story and novor misses a ohance shot of reminiscence, cither, I assure yon. Well, that's about all tha story. Those miscreants convinoed ine that after euoli a note as that it would be nothing less than oruel to refuse to re move thatgirl's first impression of me, nnd when I doubted the powers of human agenoy to do that Deland said it was dilfioult, but that If any thing oould set matters right it would bo the dress suit then mildewing in my valise. He had me on a weak point there, and the soainp knew It.' " 'And you wont ?' "'I went, Jaek. What's more, I danced with that girl ofteuer than any other inan in' the hall. It waB no fun breaking up camp two weeks later, I tell you 1' There was a long pause. "'Yes,' said Jaek slowly, 'that was pretty bad. Did you raest hor again nfter that sum- mor, Maurice ?' ' " ' I did 1 Bovcnged mysolf on those fallows, too?' "'How?' , ' , " 'I married her,' said Alauriee. else could you sxpeot ?' " — Philadelphia Timet. 