A CHRISTMAS ARTICLE.! (From our jBSeibonme Oorraspondent). I Now that OHristmoB is again Inpon qs, it may not be out of placebo write.a sketchy. , gossipy artiole on .matterB appertaining to the season, an^ furnhbing matter*'' whioh. will be useful.as weU as intereating to the many readers of the' Hay Standard in Viotoria, as well as in New South Wales, for it most ,be recoll^oted'that this popular paper has quite a lar^e number of regular readers i n this side of tlie Murrsy, who are ne interested in itB Con'tentfl astltone in* the mother, colony. Itmay .be just as well , before going fur.hT to repeat the statement 1 have made in former years; vis,:-^-That* the 25th of December is not the true Christ mas Day because Jesus Christ was not boru at that lime of the year, the exact date is unknown,, but. the general opiuion ot those who have investigated the matter isibat tho Savioor - waa born either in the l-)8t w;eek.of August, or the first week in September. The reasons for this opinion ar$ principally ast.ronwnioa!, and the date was altered when Pauan Rome accepted Christianity, so'as to correspond with one of the pagnn feasts. It is somewhat singu lar that the birth of the Hindoo . god-Krishma is on De^emhtsr 25 h. ... The tiiAtter of the changr* «*f dale is of no prao* ticul.importance. In the . Gre«*k Church Christmas Day. is nearly a fortniyht after oarti, as it adopts the old style of reckon in^i-and.this distance is being enlarged as theryears roll on . \- In Melbourne. .Christmas is becoming practically a dead letter and excepting for the Holidays, 'a stranger would hardly recognise the season.'. - Keligious.. services, are held in a few churches on Christmas Day but IheBe attract little or' no atten tion 11 From a literary point of view not 'much is done, the -December number of the ' Australian Journal' has a good deal of appropriate reading matter both in prose and verse, -the stories are good and more than-ii8ually readable- The publishers (Messrs. Massina and Co) have- also isBued their usual Almanack for 1895 which eon tains a host of information including a sheet calender and iailwaymapB, the book ie well got up and forms a general guide and handbook to the whole colony. The current number rf the ' Review of Reviews f' contains nothing of a particu larly Christmas charaoter, although, -.as usual, it is replete with varied find in** 'teresting matter. The best thing in the number is Mr Stead's oharncier ekelch of Miss Francis Power Oobbe the famous writer, journalist and philanthropist, who is now over 70 years of age. In. religion MiBs Cobbe is an extreme Unitarian of .theJDieisUoaohGol,ao^JtiLthiflkJMiiiti^^« ^ed^lthT!^t7hwrcnot theKev. O. Voysey 'B.A., whose books I criticised a few weeks ago. In the- Australian part of : the Review of Reviews there is some severe comments on spiritualism which the writer confuses with spiritism, forgetful that they are oot the same. It is also curious to read these strictures on Bpiritualism when we-know that Mr Stead,' the proprietor of Review of Reviews, is himself an admitted epiritulist. ..F/om the esme offioe comes 'Border- land ' for October which c tmpletes the first volume of this j lurnal This ,.num ker is prefaced. by a splendid portrait. of Mr W. T. Stead the Editor, aod contains articles on all sorts of OccnU and Esoterio matters such bb Spiritualism, Theosophy, Astrology, Freemasonry, Telepathy, Christian Science, &o.; There is also plenty of reading matter about ghosts, ' haunted houses and so on, which perhaps /.makes it appropriate for this season of the y$ar» Bdth the ' fleview of Reviews' and ** Borderland ' are well 'got up end j .contains information interesting to all j ?olacses of the community. H Dr. Charles fiiroug, the- popular minis- ! . ter of thp-T^ufltraHan jpburph, 'lias given i his jarge congregation a kind of Christmas ' gift in theshape 'ofa volumne of sermons bearing tbe title ' Christianity Reinter preted,' The discoorses in this nicely got ' opvolumoe are of course anti orthodox, and bear all the marks of the ability and. eloquence that distinguishes the well known Flinders-street pastor. A splendid photo portrait, of .Dr, Strong Accompanies the volumne which ii sold at the low price ofBsfid; . * At this season of the year the epeoislity of tbe time is Christmas cards, booklets &o.; Mr Ballard, the genial manager of the old established firm of A. J. Smith and Co-4 SwsDston- street, sends me some splendid samples of -these gifts. The 2s 6d packet eontai&s; not.ualy a choice, selection of cards, but also six beautifully illustrated' booklets each worth Is each. ' The Stars of Tule ' is a box of 35 of ths most artis tic Xmas aud Kew Year cards. I remem- ! ber ths time, when onrds like these were sold'at,6d each, yet the whole of these are now supplied for Is GJ.. 'The Father Christmas jacket*' contaiqs no less. than I 25 cards . sentimental serious and comic - and 4s really a wonderful shilling's worth: ' I have for many yesrs past commended Mr M. L. HutcUiuson's Australian 1 Almnnaok and Educational Register. The current volume for 189? is as grind as its 35 predecessors. This, almanaok has 'appeared regularly since l861 during the wholft of whieb time Mr Hotqiiinson ^ias been directly or indirectly- sssboiated with it. The Presbyierisn Calender from the same. establiBbmeot is now In its 28th; year,' and ts replete with information suit- j able to the half a-million of Presbyterians in AiistralasU. Mr Hutchinson's Christ- j maspspecialities include all kinds of books, ! periodibals, annuals, csrds, fancy goods &o.; - Morrison BroB' . Sootch. atories form a choice eeleotioh ;of, humorous tales which I are highly enjoyed by friends from 'the land of cakes and ale,1' while' Horner's penny 8to-ies, which are aold by millions, ' are still relished 'by thousands of ,readers.V: Then there are the works ;of Pansy, Annie .Swan, Jand other^ popular entbors and suqh -periodicalsas ^SSihe -Woman^ at . HouisiV ^,Thli,y^og[Man,,',.,The Yo u n k W-i man/ t '-The ^J|irt«iian ^Herald,''. ,!-J' Home \ Mjessehg^r/' ^D »^J pf wbioh t have ofjt^n noticed durjO£ the year, ^o onejieeds to be short of reading matter while Mr Hutchinson snppliss suoh a great variety at suohlow prices, i ) From books to bevertges is not suoh a great distance. My favorite ^rink in this : hot .weather is a good ebp ; of Bleckmao'a Digestire Tea taken either hot with milk and sugar, or cold without these additions. ! Either ^ray it /ormsa smooth palatable drink which not only quenohes the thirst, but is refreshing and ezhilerating. So mcoh of the tea sold in Melbourne appears to be like a'mixture of sawdust and sand, that it is well to -know.wbere to get some*, thing different irhioh is free, from the poisonous tannin and other obieotionable 1 feature? sowell xnown In^^nsnyso-oalledi teas. - . : In .conolnding this artiole I may be per mitted totiop^ that hskt'year wUl1-s ah improvement npon tbis'onfu' ;Most pf 4s. moreorlecs, 'Save had tp i^egretthe^a times of. 1894, and while we may. . Dot J)e greedy ^r selfish an improvement ' wpuld ^ pe welcomed/ ? Asregards tbe .ftay Static derd l may VxpreM ths jvisb thst Jfce ready large piroulatiot^ wijl visibly inoreass Although published io New South WaleSj I know that it Is perused .withdnterest in Other parU of Attitrslasis And even io England.- Advertisers might take a note of this, for, it is a foot. I myself. 4ia?e posted dozens of copies to frisodsln differ ent parts jpf the world, and shall adonlt ithe^ saWe^poiiqy again. That aU-.tnb readers, ^ubsoriberB, borrowers, ^andadr :vertisers of the Hay Standard may^entoj^ a.bappy Christmas aod prosperous New Year is myjetrnest wish, and I say so, not in a formal way, but as a genuine expres sion of my hopes and desires. 