The Barraba Tragedy. CUMMINGS ATTEMPTS SUICIDE. THE EXECUTION. TAMWORTH, July 20.-A sensational tum was given to the Barraba case at 1.80 this morning, when the accused man Cummings made a determined attempt to commit suicide in his ceU. At the time mentioned Warder Owen, of Darlinghurst, who was sit- ting close to the unfortunate man in the cell, was aroused by hearing groans proceeding from his bed. He pulled down the blankets, and found the man bathed in a pool of blood, with a gash in the left arm that had severed an artery about 8in above the wrist. Mr, Donald M'Lean and Senior warder Darcy, who has had a thorough ambulance training, pro- ceeded immediately to the cell, and found Cummings in a fainting condi- tion. Darcy tied a ligature round the wounds. andthe bleeding fortunately ceased before the arrival of Dr. Harris, the gaol surgeon, shortly afterwards, who found the patient very weak from loss of blood. When questioned hythe governor of the gaol as to the cause of the deed, Cummings stated that he pre- ferred to die by his own hand than by the hangman's rope, and he was sorry he had failed in the attempt. Upon a search being made for the weapon with which he inflicted the injury, the sharpened blade of a penknife about 1 Jin long was found among the bed olothes, which were saturated with blood. Cummings accounted for the pre- sence of the blade by saying that he had secreted it between his gum and his cheek since the trial, and actually had it in his mouth when he made his sensational statement before the judge (Sir George Innes) in the Tamworth Court. Warder Owen, who was in oharge : of Cummings during - the night, stated that the prisoner, who was very restless, asked for a. drink of tea at 12.30, which was immediately given to him, and after partaking of it he appeared to sleep until the dis- covery of the attempt on his life. The utmost vigilance has been exercised in guarding the prisoners since the trial. The story that Cum- mings told about the secreted penknife blade was considered probable by Dr. Harris and Mr. M'Lean. Dr. Harris expresad himself as thoroughly satisfied with the work done by Warder Darcy, and would not touch the bandage again, for fear of starting the bleeding once more. He said that Cummings had lost BO muoh blood already, that but for the timely call of Warder Owen he would have succumbed to his wounds in 10 minutes. Lee, who slept soundly all night until awakened by the noise occasioned by Cummings's sensational attempt, complained in a querulous tone about having his rest disturbed, and did not sleep after the occurrence. He is just as unconcerned as to his fate as ever, and after "partaking of alight breakfast coolly smoked his pipe until the arrival of the hangman and his assistant, Goldrick. The morning broke dull and threatening, but at an early hour seve- ral curious persons had assembled out- side the gaol, to glean from the few whose melancholy duty it was to witness the execution, the details of the last terrible ordeal that the Bar- raba murderers were to pass through. Everything was in readiness. The scaf- fold, silhoutted against the cold grey morning sky, formed a ghastly back- ground to the perspective of the female prisoners' yard, and looked gaunt and ominous to the small crowd of officials, pressmen, and others whose painful business it was to see the last development in the Barraba tragedy. At 9 o'clock a bell commenced to toll, and shortly after the two victims, escorted by Howard and his assistant, and followed by two gaol warders and the Rev. W. J. Kellick Piddington, formed a melancholy procession, which, starting from the condemned cells near the entrance to the gaol, slowly made its way to the foot of the scaffold, Cummings,' who'up to a quarter of an hour before the execution had laid in a dead faint, had to be wheeled to the gallows in an invalid's chair, and the spectacle of this almost dead man being carried to his death was a sickening and ghastly one. He was so weak, as much from nervousness as from loss of blood, that it became necessary to almost carry him up the steps of the scaffold, and notwithstanding the fact that several dosea of brandy were administered to him he was unable to retain his seat in the chair without support. Both men wore the new style of white cap which has lately been introduced into the N.S.W. prisons, and the lifted flap re- vealed their faces. The incarceration and the recent attempt on his life had told much on Cummings who had ohanged considerably and looked as pale as a ghost, but Lee who had got á shade thinner» had altered , very little in appearance. As the procession rounded the- angle ofr -the female prisoners' ward the solemn words of the chaplain could bo heard, and as the prisoners mounted the scaffold Mr. Piddington remained below. Besides the two condemned there were only Howard and his assistant on the platform of the gallows j but two warders stood one each side of the seoond step from the top, and the 12th from the ground, and guarding the foot of the gallows. Lee turned the scales at 9st 6Tb, while Cummings's weight was list 91b. When asked if they wished to say anything before they died Lee, whose coolness under the circumstances was wonderful, said that all there should know that Cummings was not the man who went with him to the bank on the day of the murder, and that he himself was innocent of the crime of murder. He then said, " Good-bye, Jack" and expressed him- self ready to die. The flaps of the white caps were then drawn quickly down and secured, and the fatal, nooze adjusted in a business-like manner .by Howard and his assistant. Then Howard smartly slipped off the drop, gave the signal to his assistant, and the bolt was drawn. The weighted doors flew down with a dull muffled sound, and Lee and Cummings fell together into the pit below. Death was instantaneous. 