CHAPTER XXIV. ?n iota's visitors. Si' tin?, I davo nob wait upon I would, Liko tho poor oat I' tho adage. — Siuosphau,' Lady Mkrrion looked at hor father with an exnresaion of wonder and surprise on hor lovely young face, ' Botween^ me and my husband, papa,' sho said. ' Wliat do you mean P' ' Just what I say, Thoro is some thing. I have soon it all tho evening.' ' You aro mistaken, papa, I assure you there is nothing.' ' Nothing P When you have been in tho wildest of forcod spirits over fiinoo dinner ; while Merrion has been like a death's head at a feast, staring round him Hko a second Macbeth look ing for Bangui?,* ghost, You may as well tell mo. Maybe I can help to mend it.' ' Papa, you are quito wrong. I nevor had the slightest disagreement with Lord Morrion. Wo aro a pattern couplo in that rospeot. Wo might apply for tho Dunmow Flitoh now, though wo have been four years mar ried, instead of ono.' ? ' Then what is it P Han Morrion boon losing any money P' 'No.' ' Or risking any P' ?, ' No. Don. t ask me, papa. It is a tiroublo that I cannot spoak of, Wo havo been both very much upset to day, but it will not bear speaking of.' ' I hate mysteries, Eglantine, said tho duko, warmly. ' It you have not quarrelled with your husband, and it is not a money matter, why on earth can't you toll mo P Hang'it all, child, you look as miserable as though Mer rion Royal and all itsrevonues were slipping through your fingors,' ' ' Ah, don't,' she said, in a shrill tone, ' Don't talk of Morrion ! It is ours, is it not—mine and my hus band's P Our own till doath !' ' Yours P Of oouTSo it is ! What on earth is the matter with you P Is the girl gone mad P' ho added, as Lady Merrion burst into ? paosionatd and relieving tears. ' I'll toll you what it is, Eglantine. If you don't knook off some of your balls and part ies, you'll be ill. You'ro overdone, child. That's what it is.' ' Yes, that's it, papa,' sho said, trying to smile. ' I must bo quieter. Don't worry about mo, dear old dad. Things will come right, maybo.' And this was all HisGracotho Duke Talland could get out of his daughter, Nor was ho moro successful with his son in law, Lord Morrion resented tho idea of thoro boing anything amiss betweon him and his wife, and the result was a slight coolness be twoon him and his noblo father in law. Tho party at Morrion Royal was broken uj) something soonor than was at first intended. ITo ono exactly know why, though it was generally supposed to be because Lord Merrion himself was far from well. He look od ill, and seemed to have promaturo ly aged. His phyeioian recommondod him to go abroad, and ho went, but not to Italy, nor any German baths. Ho made straight for Antwerp, from whonco ho had last heard of his brother's widow, and mado inquiries about Nesta. . 11 Wo ought not to let hor drift out of our lives altogether,' ho said to his wifo. ' He).1 child is a Morrion, liko ours, and should bo cared for as becomes our raoo. Besides ? ' 'Besides, it will never do to run the risk of any surprises,' Kglantino said, promptly, 'Wo must keep hor in sight now, Godfrey. Wo must know where she is, what sho is doing and who hor correspondents are.' If sho has lotters liko ours ? ' 'Oh do not spoak of it,' Baid Lord Morrion, with a shiver, ? ' Lot it bo, It haunts me quito enough as it is.' Nosta was much astonished at this suddon interest taken in hor by her fashionable relations. Whon sho was called down to the common sitting room whioh she shared with hor friends, to boo ' a lady and gentle man,' sho imagined it was [[someone to inquire about work, ombroidory in hand and with littlo Olarisso toddling by hor sido. She had changed wonderfully from tho unformed girl whom Godfroy had last soon, and her beauty was far moro striking now than nig wife's moro dazzling lovolinoss. (To bo eontinuod) 