[continued FKOii J Saturday's issue.] 1 ^copyright!] NQW FIRST': PUBLISHED. UNDER TOE\SHXDOW 'L.^FvGRpVTBi ;r • ••' OR, THE MYSTERY X3F CLEMENT ./•;V ddnrayen.,_t _ . i^THRtLLINd St'0Ri?-6FiJDEEP^- ! h INTEREST;^; -• ,:.••• • • Bv- !.:v • >. i- > i.-: -JEAN.MropLEMASS, Aufchorof "A'Girl is a Thousand-,^ 'Sealedi by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," "Tocch _ J A25D Go;V etc-i • .. * CHAPTER XII.' A. Rash . Act. ' Why ldid not. Pierce Vaughan propose to Elvira Delane and - recoup himself by her ample--fortune' for the disappointment his uncle's will hud" occasioned him? Had ho done--89- much that- was troublesome and difficult would have been nvoroomo. Eat it-irob not in Pierce Vnuchan's nature to let byegones be byegones and seek philo sophically to make the best of life. He must fnr ever be fretting and searching and intriguing. Were it not for such as ho the world would roll uii easier wheels, but then perchance misdeeds and cruel wrong would frequently pass unpunished. He bad a grudge against Clement Dun raven for robbing him, as he considered, of his birthright. Cheating him out of Aboyne Court as he shrewdly suspected by no fair means. He was resolved to leave no stone unturned until he had in some way revenged himself fn Sir Clement. — "All'this was far nearer his heart 'than either Elvira Delane or her gold.. • :•< . j Besides, dainty, little beauty though Elvira was', she sbarcely of late usurped the first place jn his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Pierce Vaughan i.was.c'ould be.credil«d with feelings.. ... . . ■:3Dlvira herself- thought that Lady Marcia; 'Foljambe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken, Lady Marcia was merely a useful "friend,' a stepping- stone by which..Pierce hoped to carry out some pf. the schemes he had in view.. The indiyiduil for whom he had elected to conceive a passion,, probably, because she "avoidedlind flouted him—was Lisbetli Glen dinning. Xo more complicating or disastrous attach ment, could under the circumstances,'possibly have arisen. When Pearce Vaughan came down to Brentwells to stay at Lady Marcia's and pretend to the world that he was the devoted cavalier of the gushing widow it was because he knew that Lisbetli had returned to the Coleshill Cottage and that he could occasionally walk over and, as he hoped, im prove the occasion with her. It was only a few hours after Jim Glen; dinning's departure that he started across the fields to pay his first visit. How he *ould be received he did not know, and— new sensation to this blase cynic, he dreaded the reception he might meet with from Lis beth, presuming it should be a cold one, until he felt as shy and uncomfortable as a boy of eighteen bound on a love affair for the first time. To reach the cottage from Brentwells it was necessary to go through Coleshill, and there he saw a good many of the idle inhabitants standing about in groups, talking among them was the garrulous old woman ho had previously met in the cottage garden. She recognised him at once and made a courtesy, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vaughan was one of those men who gave ' nothing for nothing and very little lor a halfpenny.' He might perchance get a halfpenny worth out of this old hag he thought, so he called her to come and speak to him; asking her what event of importance had occurred in which half at least of the Coleshill population was so interested. ),"IC s ;e!the'ra ghost _<>r a backslider your hopor, ajid no .one can- just rnftke up thoir .minds which ifc io.' •~--f Wha^tho-ilouce do you mean by a ghost '■<*'* bactolidar,-old mother 1 ' Why, Jim Glendir.mnt:, Liℶ's father, as was convicted for a bad burglary and got twenty years. In the fleah or out of the flesh he has walked through the town' this morn-' ing, and Sam Styles, he dil say as he h'eeti him yesternight.' Po<>h—nonsense: Sanv Styles must- have been drinking, and he had set you all yfl believing in the absurdities he has scon in his cups. Jim Glendinning lias been dead this m*ny a d^y. Old Josh told Sir Louis all about it years ago.' ' ' Mercy alive, then il waur his ghost. I said as it waur. Lord, I feel my back in a openin' avd shuttin.' I seen it myself.' Pierce Vaughan laughed. 'You haro seen some stranger wNW lirfiT H resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what, jou all im&gino; Jim would bo liko if ho ivoro alive. And you got up as mu<jh Kougution u.t if the world were coming .to Uui end.. > I thought the Coluahill people had more sense. Upon my word I am ashamod of you all.' '.'OPJ ' r-f ■ ', 'Ah, you grfeat gents haven't no' beliof,' said the old wife with a sigh. It did not please her to be cheate dout of her link with the supernatural; r^tie only compensation for which would bfe the'horror they would all feel at having such a vagabond as Jim Glendinning once more in their midst. 'I believe in something,' replied Pierce Vaughan stiff, laugljtfife, *> bufcfldokiftg IVery. cynical. ' I "believe that a bit of coin will lay most ghosts.' He " put his hand into his pocket and at^ first intended to give-hfet'half'3" sovereigns the next instant he came to the conclusion that five shillings would be enough so he handed her fire shillings"-and-rtold her- to refresh herself ^nd " her ^neighbours and lay the -host, for no gqod.wouW Coleshill as long as such-like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. She made him adeepercourtesy tharibetOMs and assured him liis spirit would never walk, he wonld reel pencefally in hjsgrave if only for that days kindness. ' With five shillings Pierce Vaughan had bought the good renort of the Coleshill gossips and if he had not laid Jim Glendinning's ghost, he hadbud the_ta..k: his own uooaBional visits to the cottage might hare occasioned. ... , On leaving the old woman .Rfter-giving her this magnificent present, he sai in n casual ' I w*a going up to Aboyne Court, butlwill so round"by the cottage and see if Miss Glendinmng has heard or been annoyed by anv of this nonsense.* Pierce Vaughan was never really happy unless he could pave the way for his next step forward. ■ I 'So,' he muttered to himself, as he stroafe i on lenvin® the High-street behind (-him. ' that blackguard has' found h\6 way down here has he. I shall have to be careful, 1 very careful, or he will spoil my game with Lisbeth ; yet he is a useful man, a very use ful man. Unscrupulous people who "will .do your work for a consideration and who1 fcjitt hold rtifir tongues are not to be fallenin with everyday, and this man can hold tus tongue. I have discovered that by his pre sence in personal ufTairs*r Pity that Lisbeth has «ot such a father, it will spoil her Chalice of marryin*. She is beautiful as Juno, a para gon of a woman and there is no saying--* were it not for him—but that 'I—. If site only had Miss Delane's money! You must not. lose your head Pierce, you must not lose your head. There are many considerations to be And bo murmuring to himself'he saUnt^ered in at the front door. He was just about to do bo .at...second rtiioo, when. Lisbeth opened, it. no very delightful, expression coming into her hnudcomo Jace. wheu she saw. who her visitor was. v. Neither in London nor at Coleshill was she to be fro# from this man s assiduities ! ^ She-.would-have bidden him go,about .his business nndi.fca.ve. slammed the., door in -his face, only expediency—the gaunt giant thai sways bo ciasy o£ our actions -forbade it. . Liibeth found herself forced to be civil and look oleae&at.; ' Three minutes later Pierce A aughan was even sitting in the chair Clement Dunraven W rK~cani"^. on the. previous evening and was gazing Tound the pretty parlor with a very approving glance. He t-k«*»«kt tlmt this beautiful girl was even less of the people' than he had imaginod hor, if she could arrange her room tvifcti tw ttrbifcrtic rasit#. His oyes wandered from these surround ings to her face and the ardent admiration ihey showed all too plainly, caused the hot blood of indignation to redden Lisbeth s cheeks, thus rendering her, although she wis quite unaware of it, even moro attractive than before, enhanced as her beauty was by the- flashing, of her dark eyes and the proud toss of her well-voiced head. ' Teach not thy lips such scorn for they I wera mada for kissintr, lady—not for such contempt,' said Pierce, quoting Shakspeare, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, since m book-loro she was wholly un\ersed. ^ In fact ft would have been very difficult to have collected six books in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and could read easilyand write grammatically she had always found too much work to do 111 her home to have time to sit and read. Not haring any intimate acquaintance then -with1 tho -great bard's immortal- plays Pierce Yaughan's quotations ' riled ' her to madness. __JInsT-dara he .talk ab<?ut kissing her . lips, and in a fury Bhe forgot expediency and bad<j him begone1 if he had come there to insult .her. . Her anger however, had quite a contrary effect to what, she intended, for it served only to make him ton times more appreciative of 1 her charms. He gloried that he had aroused the lion in .hor nature, still he was shrcwl enough to know that if she were to be won, she must be gently wooed. - - > • He did not however recognize what a difii-; cult task he. had. undertaken. Not that he. would have shrunk from it on that account.. To-- find out. what had passed between Lisbeth and hiu cousin Clement Dunraven wns over present in his mind and that hei would do so with less difficulty on account of his own newly-born infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt certain ' Quio4: down, soft dove, and do not let youc burnished-plumage be ruffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how you like being b»ck at Coleshill, and why you escaped out of London so quickly. So saying ho took her by the hand andvried. to induce her to take the seat hesido him. He little knew Lisbech or he would have been aware that each word ho uttered, each si"n he made, was rendering him more and more distasteful to her. She hated Pierce Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing at. her firft acquaintance with him and intensified by the dread she felt of him, when she became aware that he was Clement Dunrayen's foe. If he wore going to add insulc to injury by mating love to her, there was no caying to what lengthu hor fury, if r.ot carefully guarded, might not lend hor. 1 The complications, which hud iiurroiiwlecj Lisbeth of late, wore milking her very don1' perate, and it is dangerous for n man to plaj with a desperate woman oven though that man be as clever as Pierce Vaughnn bo lieved himself to be. She started :back from his touch/ tosairij?' hib hand from her,"its though a viper Im'd Htnnt; her. • ' I will not sit down,' she sai l, 'nor tell: you aught, of my nli.ti/s. You are a gentle man, I am humbly born, seeking to gain my livelihood by honest means. Compromising myself with a gentleman Hko you will not help mo.' I don't know that,' ho said, 'you are angry and do no; see things clearly, or you would recognize that it is good to have a ' fritind; ieven though that frisnd is r.r. objec tionable gentleman like myself. ' I don't want any gentleman, it is better; to ntarvo and be honest.' j • Ytitl am iiot the only gentleman whose! acquaintance you have made. Ah, Lisbeth, j why should I be treated with a scorn you j .have not,bpatowed oiu.. ^',.N '' On whom ? What do ydumean ? You are. taking: strange liberties with my lowly prsi-j tion, but you bad best be careful. Mr.' Viiughijn,-;I am not so unprotected &s; you 1 tinnkfor,'j ' '01 course not, I forgot, your father has; returned and—' i Whether it was with Sir Milea Berkeley or: Sir Clement Dunraven that he was going to. link ;her, she did not 6top- to ,iearn for she; interrupted with— ' '1 do you. know: my ■ father-has re ■'ttfrned >■'•? ; "'J 'I aim ;notrdeaf. • The whole-of :Goffishill ist teeming.,with the.n'ew.S-' . 1 She was white as ashes nowftnd held firmly: tochair for supporti It wasgalland wormwood; to; Lisbeth's proud nature to know that Jim JjJqndinning was her,f<uh.er and that -.towns-^ folk should kno w lie had returned.. ; ' Well you.'sec you may want a friend. Re-! member too that-I am in the law and-that my , •knowledge -and services are always yours to' <comm;ind. C.ume .Lisbeth, forgive if I have angered you, I uni a sad bungler at winning a ladj-'s .favour, and if you do not. lilje the hbnied speeches most wbmen love yiiti shall have no. more' of them.1 ' . - ■ 1 iShe^id. not heed the. latter port'>of his sentence but murmured. _! ' What have I^to do with law 1 Why should I want a lawyei to help me V It seemed as if,Pierde Vaughan's offer was an .evil omen; for-if the law 'ever5 meddled .Tyiili Lisbeth's affairs, that wpuldiprapjibly be revealed, which'-it. Was"tfie ainrof Ketvlife to; keep hidden. -J > •»" • ' Yt. ,>• Nor-couldrhe h&Ve; given any reason vrhy he. offered'" law-kervices';so he 'answered lighfly.0': : 11 •' • "' '.We noae.-flE. ua know what we may; 'want, •! would merely impress on you that! you have ?- triend in .case of ..need ,and aak: you "t!o forget'that niy^ rrtsh." words'hajve dis-{ pieced you.;. Conie, .shake hajids,will you "tlOtT I : ' • • • , ' (' " ' | j.; Somewhat reluctantly she resjjo'nddd to his, /inVita'tion^aiid gave him her hand,' •feeling a! 'Vciy JudSs .the, Tyhile for'to have.,inown| that he had"gone away for ever to 'a "distant; landj-'or that he had ceased to exist would! have inadfe Lisb'eth truly thankful. This; man her friend—-never—she regarded him as her bitterest ; foe.. His interest w.as most; to be dreaded in all the world, for was it not to his interest, to uhraVel the dark secret of her life and use it for his advantage and her, destruction. t Having gained his p.oipt, and forced her into giving him; her hand Pi6rce Yuughan was loth to pari; with it, • : - ■'*' . It was .a shapely Ijand and hp..held it with' pleasure., 'Lisbeth wore" ho. rings'; since she, dare not wear. the. ring with . whic^Clement Dunraven had wedded her, she would have none, though in her drawer upstairs, locked away with other valuables were two or three that would have made the oyes of every con noisseur in gems glisten: ' 'If I bring you a ring will you wear it in rememberauce of (he compact of friendship we have formed to-day V asked Pierce, half afraid.nevertheless of the answer his temerity might call forth. And in truth he had once more roused her ire. 'Never,' she cried". ' Rings'hre not.for the like of me, and you are'a bad man and a'false friend to try and compromise me.' \- - ' Rigid virtue ! Pattern of humility ! Oh, Lisbeth Glendinning how shall 1 ever win you into believing in me i lie asked. ' Let me be, go your own way and I'll go mine. If ever I want you I'll let you know, that's best,' she replied, forcing herself into the concession of seeming to be friends with him, ; : ' And may I rot come and see you some times?' ' What for. It's no good either tp__you or me that you should be coming here. I am going to turn this cottage into a home for babies and old people and to have gentle men about will be sadly in the way.' ' Do you mean to say that I am the only man who amies hereto see you.' ' That, I guess, is my business and not: yours. If I answer roughly ; but wishing to be polite I say, I'll have no men dangling, about at all-. The doctor and maybe the par-: son will be our only visitors.' * And -what about Sir Miles Berkeley V j ' He is my grandfother's old master and' was left executor to his will. Bat he .neveri hardly cornea hero. I don't know though why I- should make these explanations tOj you. It isn't your affair is it?' 'No, not altogether, but my deep interest in you makes me anxious as toyour welfare I; hope Clement Dunraven has not whoIlv; givpn you up since he married. There was a sickening feeling at Lisbeth's heart and for a moment aho felt as if she were going to faint. She managed however, with a violent effort, to remain calm ; but it was ft crucial ordeal through which Pierce Yaughan was putting her. ' I never see Sir Clement, 1 she said in a deadlevel voice, ' but Lndy Gertrude has been here once about an old woman for whom she wants a home. I wrote to Sir Clement stating what I intended to do and his wife answered the letter in person. Are you satisfied ? He was not, he waB perplexed,; but he did not tell her so. Could it be possible thut after all thero had never been anything between Clement Dun raven and this woman, that* she was the rigid puritan she pretended. Impossible,' the letter he foundin the woodmust have been, from her, besides various other incidents that he had noted pointed to their intimacy ; no, she was seeking to blind him, he mu3t be; doubly observant. Once she wis in his power it would be his to decide whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing hi3 grudge against Clement or whether he would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from his wife and possess himself of his rights. 1 So great had become his infatuation for this woman who loathed him that he was al-' ready wondering whether ho wouli not give up fortune for her sweet sake. It were vain to press his suit further that day he however determined and therefore rose to tn.ke his leave, tilling her that notwith standing her desire to have 'no danglers' he should look in when he was in the neighbor hood and see how the home for first and second childhood was progressing. Thankful to be rid of him she accompanied him to the front door which she threw open to let him pass out. To her utter dismay and his no small delight, coming up' the garden walk was Clement Dunraven. In the eyes of both men as they looked at each other was expressed mutual hatred; which they both so strongly felt, but usually strove to conceal. Clement Dunraven had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glendinning at Coleshill, hence the reason of this rash act. He was anxious to discover if it were true and if it would make any difference to his beloved Lisbeth. 'Qui s'excuse s'accuse,' as says the French proverb. He began an explanation about Lady Ger trude and a message which Pierce Yau?han in no wise believed, but shrugging his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fathom the mystery that enshrouded Liebeth and hia cousin. [To hr continued.] Untkanskeuaisle Pass Chkcks.—The theatres ill .Japan have a novel method of pass-checks which are positively non-trans ferable. When a person wishes to leave thci theatre before the close of the performance,1 with tin- intent ion nf ret milium, he f.': the doorkeeper and holds out his right hand.. The doorkeopcr then, with a rubber stamp, imprints on the palm the mark of the estab lishment. 