" 'iat justilia ruat cclunm." THE ýo>tcvnellrltsb;exýther. -FRIDAY,-JANUARY 5, 1894. 18983. -THi year 5893 has undoubtedly proved tothe pessimist mach that his carping soul delights in, for In good truth little has obtained towards the improvement or extrication from the slough of despondency and consequent depression with which it was ushered in Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial institutions have been common, and the pens of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have been pushed along at high.pressure speed in their efforts to record the rotteness of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial quid saucs ambiguously advised their friends that such-and-such a bank would be the next to go, and their prognostications, unfortu nately, proved only too true. The "busy haunts of men" were peopled with victims of the financial crisis, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces hurrying along to the banks they were interested in to find the doors closed. The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, affairs discussed, depositors and shareholders, in many Instances, were bewildered by the array of figures presented to them either upon printed sheets or delivered ore rotundo. But dissatis faction was paramount. Accountants of long-standing and experience were called upon to explain their virw of ih.e ituaOtion. and chaos almost came again at least sofar as mathematical questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly accused of fraud, arrests followed, prelimninary hear ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing the fradulent delinquents to terms of im prisonment), whilst in other instances, the law's delay was decidedly coospicuous, and it was not until alter protracted Police Court proceedings that anything approaching the functions of magisterial ruling was correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be decided by the higher authorities what course justice will take in her endeavours to sheet home fraud and corruption to those directly accused. It is still a matter of wonder that many directors i:mediately con. concerned in the working of the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, direction and responsibility, were they not seized of the fact of their individual banks being in an unsound condition, and above the Plimsoll mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scheme of re.coostruttion wa aunted in he the eyes f the deluded depositors, many of whom did not knowthe meaning of the term so much so that when the banks re. opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the manage ' offices, and implored, with all the persuaOve eloquence at their command, for an ins/zrt return of their moneys- Of course t'ieir requests were not acceded to, and they withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they were by no means to blame. There were many shareholders and favored deposiors who had received large overdrafts and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals ',hich hubhou hase remained almost intactto t-he stability ot the several bscl they were placed in. In a word, the reckless allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of re of the suspension. Sh Sir Fuddlesby Hoodwink, the lion h Diddlem Takedown, Throwsby Dustineyes, Esq., and others of their ilk, appeared in p circulars, advertisements, balance-sheets and p ress reports as chairman and members of Sb the boards of directors and shareholders, and fi the muttons represented by the public , swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to i them. At last the supply gave out.through bi the Inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English to shareholders, and a very bad attack of com- Po mercial indigesiion was the result. Matters 1, having reached a critical point political. influence, with the sanction of the Acting- & Governor, intervened, and on Sunday, 3oth i ar Government Gafltts wa issued, pro- i actton oo.0th&5¶+dtdJX:dn a4xd'.J elG diversely criticised during the'olowmg day, 0 Ist May, and there occurred some exciting P scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in gi thehistory of the Australias. The suspended w and re.coustructing banks at this time were hi the English, :Scottish ahd- Australian L Chartered, The London Chartered, The i Standard and National were partially open v for the receipt of money and trust accounts. 01 The Commercial was to have re.opened hut S remained closed in obedience to the Govern ment proclamation. Of the six remaining b banks of issue, four, via., The Bank of New .t South Wales, the Victoria, the City and . Colonial also acted in.accordance with the b Government notification and remain closed. The, Bank of-Australasia and 'the Union h Bank, however, apparently opposed the edict and opened transactions s all business that I was legally possible. On the Tuesday c following the Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and on the Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank collapsed, followed on the 9th by the Bank of Victoria after forty years" business. The City,Bank put off the smminent day till the a7th, when its doors were closed, and at the end of January the Federal Bank joined the throng. Tche English ,press hadi .ltkewise condemned the action of the Viotorian Government in proclaiming these holidays, and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among all. those emmeshed in the financial net. The only allurement held out was a promise to pay in five years' time, when more than probably the only result will be a bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in medias res into the- chief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronological order in the relatidn of matter from the commencement of 1893 On the 4th of April the Com mercial Bank suspended payment, on the tath- the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbted, and on the agth the London Chartered Bank gave up the I ghost; the Standard, which in 1892 had been 'forced to accept the Inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April of this year; and the following day saw the t suspension of the National Bank. Leaving suspended banks to revert to other financial institutions it is refreshing to reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the conhdeecc of the community. CertaI rnly o large eu e nlunnug . hait, but when it Is considered that thei best I societies have carefully considered the advantages of an accumulated bonus scheme to policy holders, fair praise must be acrorded to them. premising that death I should occur within twenty- le years of date of assurance, if the premiums are paid up, the sum assured is is addition returned and the new pension scheme in view of the array of bunk suspensions we quoted and dilated upons asapreliminary or preface to this retrospect, should absolutely commend itself to the cotnsidratin of all who wish to be secure in the event of evil times fo.r .i0 ou them. In ashort there is no ible w ssorncen but muonali usuranrm, end sse best if m?to l a?uranes is with tboso oml aties whoe ansetss ate r n the slot. The Mutusi of Victrria which ha. enidrnly pro fied by thle di atios eulapeti ores 'f fallen financial institutions and battered the inetrsoe tion by ulditg csle and eore0O advantages for all sooithtsh. Its monagement in ,in she know," c'tn ering A2etralian n onetary matters fua more o than any fori?gn As7rance Society tficersl, hence there atr ie ro two opinions ooncsring the choince of Inoutittiun with bhich to 'raart Life Aseuranta, This particular snicely on Its Ilst annal distribution of boaurne did so from a fund of over e 1.0,tO, the reah vaine of whi h ecereded £ht0.000. In tl.e preceding year. 10,2, 12,085 new policies were ieaoed foe a-seances, amnouting to £3,701,221. the sew snnual Income from premiums beIng £126,014. The funds now amount to LI11.318.448. And pssinng fmm Lire Assurance to death, sk ebh ' not an abrupt traseition, the opening, f the new year was marked by the decese if the Chief Joeti, of Victoria, '.t. Geo Bicicboth.s. who had aepsted In IDhota c n ertatin a last day of the old yr. n coIsfro n to Sa consietent iand nc moerat. Be had lived for forty a buy pace In Ictona, and during an active and busy prved t .cal political, and journalistic r th only reward for public duties peroed he looked dor war from the people. He d lcled te knighthood, but he received with uo duise tleor mpreciltion the vote of thankl tendered by Parliament for the stupendous tke with thi performed. that of conoldatin the to tatute. H e ded of h,t des,br trade d on by ovrrwork, at the seego of 66. Acutdi0g I. 4d. to his epress wishes en nd during th lat t ten yar of his life h was to he beurled ductu'. privately, which s ot was performed much to phsil the dlesppointment of the whole community, a act by whom he wasee revered and loved for hi sever omiability. devotion to duty, and his con a , ntlioUs adherence to princtplehe though t aro jut and right. Continuing the obituary R.quir record for the year, it may be rcorded that ? ? e et on the i7th of January, Dr. Th. ?mai g, towa Member L giative Council, departed this allo life. He bad been n early advcate for the ful political factor in Victoria had did on the Nt to 31st January. at Ewell, Surre y, in his a eenty rt fourth year. He was Premier of the colony piaoe on four different cucaionso. In March t*at. a ifoatthew Lang, ea.nmaor of Melbourne, who pri bad filled the mayoral ohair for three Lound succesive years died. R. L. Stelafeld, usualt M.L.C., died at Adelaide, SA., on Sunday wage. morning, 16th April. In the following month de David Robert Wyllie, member for North aiwes Melbourne, in the Legislative Aeremely, nd ut Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the pochet Sheart, sopervning an attack of paralysis, at throng the early age of 36. Win. Pearon, i.L.C., been { for the Eastern Province, died 10th Augnst ha The probat duty ,ald i this estate added the o largely to the punlro revenue. Theproenpery our detailed in the lategentlemans'a will and liable willh, to the payment of duty, wee worn at cutO E£206,13, upon which £20,661 eras paid as duty. Furthermore the property coemprld calico in settlementa liable to duty, was stated at ad it £42,176. upon which £1o00 woe paid The he duty paid in all totalled £22,551. Among Th' the real esnter was Kilmeny Park, the well- whde town sheep station, near Ioedale. James Jurin ampbell, Minister of Public Instrnotion and there oimmInaloner of C?etome, died on Saturday, avera 1th September, of cancer, alttr any wrek' won terribl. suffering. The Gor ernment dsg iltee were cloned at noon on the 1th inmet. 4,31 a tokeb of respect for the deceased. At endigo on the same day another veteran nniaisheMtariano p obert Buorrowc, M.L.A., hlmed a ery. he had been electedlaltogether c OnI LOs ln te, andb n his Parliamentary e- newel ritce itended over twenty-0rven yeare. r Tn'oedy, ;rd October, itobert E. Wallan, durh ell.k n fnliterrv and eommreil circles. Od led on ecard the .s. Wairarara., at AucLk Botor and, e .l, of paralysis. Another well- to e, nown ad esteemed oolonlst, the tevd. JunO, low ?,e, whose Victorian career had been oser onore ,nd lengthy, died at Brighton, on tas [EL- l oth ioember. IDae ow acw o mro pass we on to the affairs oi he litvit. In January a successee to thea F to Genie miglnbotham was looked about yeer or, and; was tbhought that Justice Wlliams a m, e otd bllered the appointment. However,i ch Supsh, of the matter wou that blr.Shie, ?osae he the: Premies and Attorney.General, dOf gcthor with hisolleages, invited Dr. M Ml dden accep t t office. which he did. ho s Perliaet alter a lor Christman vacation Jy .O.. rea e stad on let January, with .le. mn Shleletw r the ead affairs. The political otow n. baromtc st about e time was pointing to'e eqe, ally woathar, on thon heo 17th, rtr. ed in Phtterdtd the pree Premier. tabled ben Sand want of o tfidence mou. On the 18th, sthe o u rs of Shiet's 'Coventuent defeated by forty- ho sand five vote to iortytwit. fter a debate which rf nublic was teistorlest on re On 20th January The ed tO ar. att? o n out of material placed l T rough lis dipoal formed a intslry which was uglibh ronstituttd as followse J. B. Patterson, fo, con, Ptemier, Chief S'erot ? and Mia er of ec atrs ilways G. D. Car , Treasurer; Bryaun e litical. O'Loghl l, Attorney- ; Sr. Isues, C cing- Solicitor-Ge.dsrl ; W.'Coll, lMio uiote r of ' 30th inees and Water Su ; SIr. l'lltyr, Spro-. and, Irp. C t . Education. d cat ij oC utom Mr ebb, o orks and t gday, ' en . On telet o eur ... he citing Patteron unfolded tho 814 erial pro- Atl uin grumm at t.autltmlne, n S?et with a nl Tended warm dtmons'ration. On the 7t i FUtruaryca ewere Mr. l'att.reon woe returtsd 4ltotemaine, s Ialian having been oFlrptsed by Mr Fcis Long. The more. SIr. 1 ettersn soured *viy, the open voting majority being generally t two to ounts. one. t'arllument re.asembled 14th d but lFebruary. On the ]1th a board of enquiry overn- s.tto try and discover the whereabonts ot tit aining mlrsing mace, which had been mysterioutly s New stolen from the Ho4eoe of Parliment. Their y and efforts were fruitlenss, however, and the bth the bauble stilt remarins undisecovered. lThe losed board, at any ats. discovered where the mace Union had not Lern, and a chorus of 'our honor is eedict vindicated," headed by Speaker Bent, aroe. is that Parliament we prorogued on 3rd March by rueday the Administrator of the Government, and Wales r.ope?ued on 28th June, when the main ty the featuree preseented.were: the Retrencbment Bank Scheme, whereby the permanent expenditure Ban of the province could te reduced .£00,000 or The £000,000 a year the policy of additional tll the taxation to bring up the revenue at l]aot of a t the the net year level with that years sealtdi ted the trs; a scheme of land ad village settlement dwl to provide adeqoately for the Feople getting ee"back to the lend," which belongs to them ,tary' anyhow. The railway revenne for the f idayn, dancial year up to t lth June, 1893, wee faction '£2,933 412, and retrenchment caueed a aring thed in the working epe.asesO of about £300,1 0. t ld he Treasurer's Budget Speoch was read on s time, Wednesday, 10th July, and the method by Ult will which he proposed to make his revenue cover ienced. espenditure in the balance-sheet wes ths:- te.chief Estimated revenue, iro3t4 ... £7,34347 ithot ew itaatlon... ... ... 576,mo in tho '7,t9,r47 cement stimated expenditure, t893.94 7,63.9o0 on the Surplus on the year ... ... £2O96,3 tralian In the merry month of May, apolitical crisis he 5th arose out of the Mercantile bank prosecutions up the ir. Isoac, the FelleiltOr-GOenerl, disagreed f been with Btyan O'Loghlan's verdict, a Attorney ivento General, with regard to a nolle prosrqui,. pril of The upshot wars that Mr. Imce retired from aw the the Cabinet. Later on he went belre his tonetitlunte at Beechwortb, who received him ert to with acclamation, and he was retlurned hing i unopposed to his mseat in tihe House. ocieties It must not be forgotten during the month strong on January Mlr. E. G. kitzgibuon, chairman of munity. the 3letrpolitan Board of Land nod Works .S.~iag nd' itin rant vcrsermoakcr, returned from hhobst e?t.t.,, . ll.ha.L- ee atlre?t-w rn? u.nt a ed the la of £2,0t.0,000. February aln Mr. Jame scheme Munro, the late Ag, nt-General for the colony, tintahe and a leading teeotaller and coie palace drath promoter, tiled his ehednle. showiog a eare of deticioncy of £522,10f. Further retreceh cv paid thi month. of the On nth Breh, the Aglos.Aoutratiau Bank Criminals were found guilty and sentenced to led and ariou Is rma of iml risomeant. In this fcto momtlh aluc the harcmntile Daub prosecutions ,mmvd be-anu and aiter proeurtcnd hearinlt at the n with loower courts, MIatthoe Davies and Frederick itiutrba llidge were committed fir trial for con no epiracy ou Friday. 12th May. On the 27th c Uo end ,nt. htatthnw and Ms. Iiavios sailed by the I jiovo Germno mail netmer Soter for Columbo, hut I. The eeuntually he returned to the peovtsc in ily y COmltatty cith Detvctive Whttoey, who had b fallen h- sent on hI tracks. On the 2gth of the seter eame ma.nth applicatlon foe a Grand Jury wue autagee made nnd adiouroed It was reviewed on the ii. tin 061h asd granted. Subs qusoety a tlue bill it ecay w iund by the graud lury against the two soreign nat dL. b ut when in AugUst the proceedings hr were cmled ou. ,n the higlher .ourt. the tone ,f accused were discharged. and the preentment Oct Lifo quahed on the greoUa d that na alien oonsti on tUI one lu totl grand jury. and as such was did s, ine iaihle as a luror. Proceedinog were eno minced 'c loyote spite of legablockluce' inrle and the ccueord were once more co .: for trial. which iI all gs wall will iting The weating eil was brought d e0 it fro notice ef the k'eomiar by a nrge aDdsw t the acptices uf tLe P1n 1nv2 liberal Fetdral lesgue wite gentleman en .. th .,rell Tb.- l,:h'0o anition, bt g uudrh hiis ,otce th . eked by abore.oamed evi I iiure rc ,n,. , K'" >. - certain cu. of its codrt. space i eachi yroeed rutno tuzropea tabor b · limited Uad tailon hrave . argue that they with theAct. T .m-r.. for one thing, and trad. dubh lrqu° about elm, d. Then the s , as e tokieg on appntict to the doctor' s crtificte it o e o CY as a barrer to a poor meo with erl children ho he may e deirousot aoppr.ucin. for each cert. eate ost.s... ih l Srequired o ar ? StSaesrte 'Ihe imeopetl e ? nett steirget enough i their of te i . auttr e t0ad employerso io oh o tteri of SlowcG of apetmit for overtih e . This e ns ovrrewcrowdi in the worktrooms r busy times. If the ies'petor does find aunlt l then the ompl?'er discharges severai hud [ Spiet.werltfo ken ot their wages for this O pri(irege but the mac didn't .ee it. for th Sfourmod they could oenl have worked theirf dr usual quaontut hd they been on their wrekLy wage. It may be used why the employ ern l demanded the 20 peh cent. concessolu The th anrwee is aon the morgr of the " marokieg od op" dc"srt ? nt received ?b?nos. and ae pocket th e sum he bled the workers of. But t throughout the clothiog'e trade bsineu bhat been dull, and the ho1ue in Flindeor-la. e s' have received_..o..ltficsti, from home t ed the edit system wi ful- trehtiited to ry four months only. Hcnce the warehousemen tie will have to take leas credit and give less to at cuotomere. Under these circumstances sweat. s ing is rampant. 'lIhe shoddy impoter and the d calico jrmoy in Victoria is d omed anyways at and it is to he trouted that hir doom means hbe the boom In the manufacture of local fabric, Mg0 The iroenworker have eultered. but the lboot ll- trade ha sheown esigns of improveusent e0s luring the latter part.? (the year. In 8 93 red there were 2.212 factories, and taking the y,. average for the year the number of employeeI 'e would have fallen to nealy 40,000. In 1892 rut the figures were 2,443 factolies employing tit. 40.319 at an estimate. 