Sir Anthony's Secret Or, A FALSE POSITION. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. AUTHOR OF "THE GREAT MILL- STREET MYSTERY," "JACOBI S WIFE," " UNDER FALSE PRE- TENCES," "NO SAINT," "A LIFE SENTENCE," "DEVERIL'S DIA- MOND," &c.; , &c.; {ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.} CHAPTER L. — (Continued.) But after this little outbreak, things went placidly enough. Gerald rapidly recovered health and strength, and Lady Kesterton followed his example. They were both so much stronger that towards the end of Septem- ber, Elfrida and Philip thought themselves justified in returning to town. They could give no further assistance to Lady Kesterton, and their stay was not much of a pleasure either for them or for her. They drew a long breath of relief when they got out of the house, and vowed that nothing short of dire necessity should overtake them to Kesterton Park again. Elfrida had prevailed on some of the older servants to remain ; she had extracted permission from Lady Kes- terton to settle a large sum of money on little Janey as soon as she came into her own fortune ; and she was allowed to take the child back with her to London. Therefore she was light of heart, and considered that she had obtained more favors than she had any right to ex- pect. The change was a blessed one for little Janey. She was a nervous sensi- tive child, and had always suffered from Lady Kesterton's want of gentleness towards her. Lady Kes- terton's passionate affection had been lavished chiefly upon Gerald. Janey had borne much neglect with the wonderful patience and sweetness which seems a special grace of many neglected children. But towards December a rumor came to Philip's ears which, filled him with uneasiness. He had never been convinced, as Elfrida was, that Lady Kesterton's confession on the night of Gerald's illness had been en- tirely caused by overfatigue and hys- terical sensibility. These character- istics were not consistent with Lady Kesterton's nature. The confession of her guilt with regard to Henry's right was true enough. Why, then, should she have gone on to con- fess a design against her hus- band's life unless that were true also ? Philip did not exactly put his suspicions into words. But he had the feeling that there was something which he did not know, and he was glad that nobody but himself and Elfrida had heard what Lady Kesterton said. But his gladness was premature. The rumor that came to him connec- ted Lady Kesterton with Sir Anthony's death. And the source seemed to be the nurse who had been sent into the anteroom in order that she might not hear. She had heard, and she had tattled : and strange reports were be- ginning to float about. It was said that the Government would take the matter up : that there would be an inquiry ; that Lady Kesterton would be examined. And Philip felt bound at last to tell these rumors to his wife. " Oh, poor thing !" said Elfrida, innocent and unsuspecting. " How she must be suffering ! Philip, let us go down to Kesterton at once, and see her." " My dear child, in this weather !" " It is only wet. It won't hurt me. We will leave Janey with the Whites. But if people are saying such dreadful things, Philip, I think it is our duty to go to her and put her on her guard." Philip thought that Elfrida was a trifle over-generous, and that to go to Kesterton was a work of supereroga- tion ; however, he yielded to her gentle persuasions, and they set off, on a wet autumnal afternoon, for Southborough and Kesterton Park. CHAPTER LI. THE AVENGING SEA. When Philip and Elfrida arrived at Kesterton Park about seven o'clock in the evening, they were greeted with an unexpected piece of news. Neither Lady Kesterton nor little Gerald was in the house. "Have they gone on a visit some- where, then ?" said Philip of the housekeeper, whose mysterious face seemed to show that something was amiss. "No, sir, her ladyship has gone to a house in Kesterton village, so as to be near the sea." "To be near the sea—at this time of the year ?" said Elfrida, almost in- credulously. The housekeeper coughed discreetly behind her mittened hand. "Step in here, Mrs. Bates," said Philip, turning aside from the hall and the listening servants to a small room which he had been in the habit of using as a little study, "and tell us what it all means ? " "I'm sure I couldn't say, Mr. Philip," said the housekeeper, in a confidential tone. It was only in moments of confidence that Mrs. Bates forgot herself so far as to call him " Mr. Philip," but the appellation had a homely, friendly sound in Philip's ears. "It seems," she went on in a lowered tone, " that she has lately taken a great dislike to the Park, and has been wanting to get away from it ever since little Sir Gerald was ill in the autumn. She said she thought it was unhealthy with all the trees round it, and that the drainage was not right, for Sir Gerald kept on getting colds and sore throats, and she said that it was because the place wasn't bracing enough. And a week ago she got into a dreadful taking because, the little fellow—Sir Gerald, I mean, begging your pardon, sir— seemed poorly, and she said she would go down to the sea for a few days and see what that would do for him." " But where has she gone ?" "You know the little white villa with green shutters, called Sea View Lodge, don't you, sir ? It stands away from the village a little, close to the beach almost. It's been let fur- nished, once or twice in the summer, to visitors." " Do you mean to say : that she has gone there ?" " Yes, sir, she has ; and taken Sir Gerald and the maid—and that is all." : "I have never been inside the house," said Elfrida ; " what is it like?" " Cold, draughty, badly built," said Philip, shortly. "Not a suitable place to take a child to in winter time." " And some folks say—not very safe, sir," said Mrs. Bates, in a signi- ficant tone. Philip stood silent for a moment, and Elfrida read in his face that he was struck by the suggestion. She thought of the situation of the house. It has already been mentioned that a portion of the land on which the village of Kesterton was built had been re- claimed from the sea by a former lord of the manor. The village stood in a gorge between two hillsides, and in old days it was well known that the sea used to creep up to the very end of this cleft in the hill- side. An elaborate construction of dykes and earthworks now set a limit to the waves ; and these being now partially overgrown with grass and planted with trees, the reason of their existence was partially forgot- ten. Of late they had fallen some- what into disrepair, as Philip knew well, for he had many times tried to impress upon Sir Anthony's mind the necessity of keeping the breakwaters in good condition. But Sir Anthony had been hard to stir to action ; and since his death, almost a year ago, nothing at all had been done by way of preservation. The older inhabitants of the village were in the habit of shaking their heads doubtfully when the safety of those constructions was mentioned ; and many of them had removed as far as possible, from the sea-board, and planted their dwellings on the hill sides, where they felt themselves safe from the treacherous inroads of salt water. But the little white villa, of which the housekeeper spoke, stood close to the "sea banks," as the earthworks were generally, though somewhat vaguely, called. Even in summer visitor's would sometimes shrink from inhabiting it if the weather were bad. They said the waves that struck the banks seemed to make the house tremble to its foundations. For years it had been prognosticated every autumn that some coming tempest would level it with the ground, but nevertheless it still stood, and was regularly let during the season to summer visitors. Its great advantage was its exceedingly healthy situation, and it was for this reason, as Philip conjectured, that Lady Kesterton had chosen to go thither, trusting to the pre- vious mildness of the season to keep things safe. Besides, it was possible that she had never considered the dangers of the situation—long immunity from accident had bred a feeling of security in the minds of the Kesterton people. But Philip did not like to feel that Lady Kesterton was alone at this place without proper warning; so, after seeing that Elfrida was warmly housed and fed—for she was not very strong, and he was anxious about her—he set off at once for Sea View Lodge, with the object of seeing Lady Kesterton himself. It was not until he got down into the gorge that he began to estimate the strength and fury of the wind that was sweeping up from the sea, and, howling through it as if it were a funnel. The night was very dark, and the great waves were dash- ing over the breakwater as if they spurned the petty obstacle. Philip met scarcely anyone on his walk. The one street of the village had been swept clear, as it were ; every human being, every animal, had sought shelter. Once he came across a fallen tree ; once a tile and part of a chimney crashed in the road behind him ; the elements seemed to be let loose, and death and destruction were threatened to all who opposed their course. Every moment the wind roared louder, and every moment the waves seemed to leap higher and more widely. Philip could see their white heads like ghosts in the tempest gloom. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 