A Soldier's Secret. ty CAT,., cIIAS. ICtýG efA l'iT' 'X.- (( 'ctitinted). C.IIAI'Tlt X'lf. reThee 'wassiterie and nsxtr ie t ti , e long range of winter catnlps'a ilot tiI agency. The Twelfth wet', gine. no t blody know jutt iwhere: ,Iut o?va1' to the -north, over toward tlhose l'frOenwiu, "t3Ul Lands"-all the thire wild and liilheltr ,ois now that the snow haul lilhlt every rift and crevice..for the jaggod litlrface was olne maiss of .pitfalls-- other bat tal iollns of hort' were also gonea, antil the vigilant watch over those tlidans still cltnstering.abunti their obl hinitst in the valley wa.i redoubled.' The heavier gnll of the field battery ctaitlllaided the' .smoky lodges. the lighter pIees were away with the cavalry. The infantry mnuflled to their eyebrows. nutnned the rifle pilts and guard lie land throw thoir sheltering wings over , the dlesrted ..,atns. For good or for ill, the crisis 1 was at hand.. Whatsoever .datbt had existed as to the atilost .universal hou tility of the Sioux wtas banished by the events of the preceding week. The at tempted ambush of Sergeant Ellis. of r Berrion's advance guard, the att:ut.k a upon the scouts and couriers lit the Pl'r, scupine, anld, lastly, the affair at the SWolf, in which Brewster it second time had gaineod distinctintin, all pointedll un erringly to one concltusioi: whatsoever. might be their atsuralnce tl,'officials high in rank, to agents whose toiw?,r would be at end were war to enstie. to self constituted framers of Ipublic ,opin ion, every soldier on the spot kniew. and wsl\ know, that the intliansw.ould be csueablo only in presence of a fornmtia ble force of bluecoats, bhut that 'nothing but ambush and massacre awaited the -hiot- wi ventured for-t.} ,nlunarded lit to this moment, however, or all nonse gathered at the scene the only troops which had had actual collision with the' Sibux were of Berrien!s battalion. Far away south at the i Pawnee old , Kenyon had been doing his utmost to still the anxious fears among the fatm lies of the absent soldiers. There had : been lively excitement when the papers arrived giving sensational'details of Ber rien's wound and of the affair at the' Porcupine, but it was as nothing to that which lirevailed over the tidingsl of the imminent peril in which Mrs. Berrien and Winifred had been placedl That it was just like Mrs. Berrion to insist on joining her woundeod husbanid .at once. was conceded by all, but opinions dif fered as to the propriety of her course in taking Winifred with her. This the major decided by prompt assertion that Miss Berrien doubtless refused to be left. behind. "And, being a, very lovely blending of the characteristios of, both her parents," said he, "it would: 'have been decidedly unlike Miss Berrien to have stayed at home." , , And then came the dread news that a great band from the northeast,. .rin forced by a reckless gang. of fanatical: young ghost dancers from` the' Bad. Lands, had broken away, andi that' all' the regiments had gone to head them off. Far, without a ftight, they could not gao. the question was whicli regiment would! be the first to meet them. Then the next night's mail brought the next' day's oapers. and the Twnlfth hnvinq aswuln loose and being absent from the neigh.' borliood whence were derived the items on which correspondents based their re ports and editors their comments, shared the usual fate of the absentee, and hav ing sustained the only casualties and in flicted the only punishments yet; heard of about the agency, was now coming in for its share of the "tonjours tort" to which it was, of course, justly entitled. Kenyon first glared at'and then exploded over a dispatch which read somewhat as followar "All hope of bloodless solution of the difficulty is now at an end. Even the most peacefully disposed among the res. ervation Indians are furious over what they do not hesitate to term the diangh ter of their clansmen in the threeaffairs that have recently occurred, and itis an open secret that at general headquarters the gravest annoyance is felt over the :total overthrow of carefully laid plans, all caused by the injudicious conduct of certain hot headed officers of cavalry. 'The friends of White Wolf, the prinoi pal 'brave' shot by Major Berrien's troopers, declare that he and those with him were friendly and were only striving to reach the major with the-news that l couriers were coming, hoping thereby to earn something to eat, for 'they were cold and hungry when theywere fired on without warning, and even while making signals of peace and friendship WhiteWolf waselain. Then theBrules who were with them could not be re strained and attacked the couriers in re venge. "As for the affair at Wolf creek after the blizzard there is unspoken denunoia-I tion among the Indians, and the 'damnsa tion of faint praise' in other quarters of the conduct of a cavalry officer present. 1 SThe Indians declare they had gone out onlyto gatheruptheirponies. Thesight of the mules told them there must be an'I ambualance stalled somewhere In the drifts, and they were eagerly searching ior it to render succor and aid when they were fired upon from ambush by the lieutenant and his men, and two of their ponies were killed and oneoyoun~ liidlan shot "through the leg. The In. diana declare they could easily have killed Major .Berrien, but merelystrove to defend themselves and explain, and I that had they been hostile they could have finished the lieutenant and hislittle t squad at the Wolf creek crossing long , before reinforcements camee. Altogether, there is something so plausible in:their ' statements that it is understood that the conduct both of the major and at least one of his subalterns will be made the subject of official investigation."t "Well, well, welll" said Kenyon.i "Thank God I'm not servink a grateful nation in the heart of the'Indian coun t try. It's :bad enough to be shot and worse to be lied about, and that is all the comfort there is in being a cavalry. man, if I do say it who amunothing but a cross grained old crank oft adoughboy. If this'is what the" Twelfth is to'get for 'a mere affair of outposts,' .hat the.. devil will be said of tlem'if thbey shou.ld " I'. get Into a regular pitched battle? l~ere, Mr. Adjutant, dump that paper in the fire, and don't lot a woman at the post know anything about it. Know it al. ready? How the mischief could they?" "There were half a dozen of them; sir, at Mrs. Hazlett's reading another copy of that paper ass came down. And poor Mrs. Thorpo is crying her eyes out. She's been utterly upset since the news came that the Twelfth had been sent out. Glood God, sir, she's coming infnowl" It was indeed poor .Mrs. Thorpe who entered, pallid, her eyelids swollen with weeping. Old Kenyon was on his feet In an instant and leading her to a chair. .:.iy dear madam, my dear madam," he beg.,n. "you must not give way so. I assure you there is no cause for such dread and aunioty.. Do strive to contro' yourself." "I cannot! oh, Major Kenyon, J can not! I have been through so much, such fearful scenest" she sobbed, wringing her nervous hands, rocking to end fro hi :an agony of grief. "Oh, it is easy for those who have not lived the life we had to live in the old days to counsel patience, calmness. 1 was only a child then. kneelium, at my mother's side whs as news came In that widowed htt. ?h women in the post. 1 spent.my girlhood in the regiment. How many are left of the officers who were so good to me thoen? Mother was only one of a dozen whose hearts were broken-broken as, oh, God! I feel mine is to be. They.took my father long years ago, nowy they.de rmand my husband, my babies' father, my all, their all! 0 (Godl 0 God!" "Sobbing, rocking to and fro In her uncontrollable grief, the poor girl clung to Kenyon's hand, and the old fellow's eyes blinked and smarted with the tears he could not quite force back. He laid the other hand upon her bowed and swaying head. "My child," he said brokenly, "for your babies' sake try to bear up. Be your father's daughter. I knew and loved him well-knew you when you rode your first pony at the old fort up the Missouri. You know well I wouldn't try to deceive you. I can't think the Twelfth is to bear the brunt of this business. They don't belong in that de partment at all. They are only. bor rowed from here, and surely there are troops enough there, more than enough,, to overawe that pestilent gang. All that 'is necessary will be to surround the In dians, let them see what a force we have, and they'll knuckle down. Don't cry so, Mrs. Thorpe; don't cry, my child. Let me take you over home now. Just get the little ones around you to night, and I'll bring over some' famous oranges that came today, and-why, I don't believe the Twelfth will have to pull another trigger. Think how many other regiments and commands there are there." "1 do, I do, and I pray and pray, but no comfort comes. Did you ever know a time when they were not in the thick of'the fight? Did you ever hear of any time when the loss did not fall heaviest on us?" "Don't think of that now," he pleaded. "Don't borrow trouble, from either past or future. Come, let me take you home, there's a good girl. I tell you if that band hasn't surrendered they've seat tered all over creation, and you can no more catch them than you can-than you 'can-a inewspaper' lie. That's the strongest simile I can think of. Did you hear what they were saying about Ber rien and Brewster?" he queried, eager to divert her thoughts from her own misery. "1 did. Isn't it cruel? But Major Berrien has his wife and Wianio with him, and they're bringing him home; but if poor George is shot, what can I do?" "Do? Why, you shall go right to him if I have to give myself as seven days' leave and take you." And so, soothing, coinforting as best he knew how, the veteran major led her home to hier won doring broad, to the laughing, crowing hbaby leaping in the nurse's anns, do lighted to soo the little mother again, to the joyous children romping in the fire light, innocent of care or fear, and then striving for their sake to still her sobs, to dry her tears, he loft her to put the little ones to bed, to clasp their folded hands in hers as the wee, white gowned girlies knelt at her side echoing-God only knew with what piteous entreaty- the lisping prayer for'his divine p'rotec tion for the loved father, thoe devoted husband,- the gallant soldier who that very. day had fought his last fight and lay liloless on the frozen sod. . Over the eastward bluffs, cold and gray, the morning light had slowly crept to the zenith. Over the sky was spread one liniitloss pall of cloud, cheerless and repellent-a pall so dense that 'not one friendly stai had peoped, not one rift of sunshine now could force its way. All below, blouk, frowning and sullen, a bare and blasted landscape; low,hills and ridges east and west, low lying shal low and swalo between, cheerless, tree less, shrubless, not oven a veil of snow to hide its nakedness, to lend one pity ing touch to break the dull, dead monot ony of 'its wintry desolation; sweeps and slopes rol!lig'iway' unbroken to the frowning horizon at the west, sterner, harsher lines among the bluffs across the tortuous stream had, between whose ragged banks an icy, lonely and dismal rivulet is curdling now, spreading out into frozen shallows at the fiats, moamn ing sad complaininag around its warped and sudden bends, desolate asR the sur romuidling dsolation, deserted as'the Dead sea, its banks repolloent even to such sharers, of Dakota solitudes as the ?oyoto and tile cottonwood, shunnaed of man or beast or troo-a stream of silence aind gloom ait the dawn of this December day, and so cheeliourless is its every snr rounding, so appallhig the unnatural hush, that one woula never dream of lifo uponi its bltistedlhalnks. '" , Yet, listenl' Uaisoaii, but doiiiaisnt.' the suni has risen abovoe thoo'astlbii hills, and, as the light lroadnleis evou?wheroit cannot warm, there floats apoi' the air 'from far awaay at, the southwest, faint and clear, a cavalry trumpet call; soft atfi;rat, theil 'crescudo, it ,coases saud denly in shrill high noto, it thrills through and.throughl a rare atmosphere 'unrfilod by tlhe fleoing wing of har diest bird. Liko thIe wistfil call of scat tored quail it seems to say "?herd arse you?" And promllpt,, ebxpectant of:tlihj coming of faitlhful mate. listoen aegin e'roml the dim arecesses to tho north, somewhere acamong these bare and ilos olate slopes, thoe answore rises. ,qiiak; ringlng, voon inpe'raih'se, anil the aiginal icneas. "Th 'ii wr.' Groping throuigh the bitter darkness of the December night a cavalry dolumn has sought and. just at the opening of this cheerless December day, has found ,Rs mate.' 'The comrade battalions of th' Twe"', ,?,.., .i?;l- hr mil. "rorwnar" rings theo signal rrom the southwest. Forward with them, then, aronud that point at the low bluff.to our front, and in the,. gliostly. Ltathering light the scene is before us, the tale is almost told. There. thickly dotting the praiiii and covering the low ground, its wigwams smroke begrined and dingy, lies an In dian encampmenit; but even in. such shelter as this the hostile horde has fared far better tlan they who through the long, freezing night have kept wvatch and ward lest again l'the wary chief should slip through the meshes. It has como at last. Tho big warrior's fanat ical braves have made their ruish, 3er rion's men the tackle. Back flew the pignal with the setting sun. Up through the night came Farquhar with "the guardg," Hero in front the four old troops we know so well haves shivered for hours about the village. Here, alert and deo termined, Rolfe and 13azlett, Thorpe and Gorbham, haveo clung o front, flank and rear, well knowing that so soon as the colonel got the news he would not only speed the second battalion on its way, but, gathering anyother forces he could find, would ride the long night through, if need were; to join his men. Stern and silent Rolfe is standing at the 'banklof the stream, wearied enough, yet certain that there is no rest before theni. On him as senior the command has devolved in the absence of thoe be loved major now being tenderly nursed and comfortably trundled homeward in the warm interior of a Pullman. No excitement, no cheer attends the coining of the.column now at steady, soldierly gait winding into tihe shallow depression. Rolfo knowvs thait without Farquhar'and his re-enforcements attack upon o' inter ference with so formidable a band would be worse than desperation. He. knows that with Farquhar his own position will be only that of subordinate; and that he must obey. He knows how, were he su. preme, a thousand troopers at his back, hb would conduct matters now. --But Farquhar is a soldier long accuistomed both to obedience and to conunand; i Rolfe is one to whom' obedience comes with laggard grace, to whom command is op portunity for lavish vent of his imperious will. Orders or no orders, if he had the power he would deal death to the' rabid renegades before him. Ordeis to "bring on the Indians, but not bring on a fight," to his thinking are orders like those which should forbid a man's going to water until he had learned to swim. Orders to disarm but not molest are simply something to be laughed to scorn. (To be continued.) 