SIFTINGS. Tire woman Ncedle, who on 31ondiy moreing " hung and swung in the sight of men" in Mel bourne Gaol, seems to have been a fiend in human form. Murder by means of poison appears to have a peculiar, alhost irresistible, attraction for some minds when once the feet have got into the treack of this most terrible of crimes. The records of the Borgias and of others of more modern days give weight to this theory. ?Mrs. Needle was convicted of the murder of one Louis Juncken, but the evi dence adduced at the trial and other facts which canme to light left little if any doubt that she had previously murdered her husband and three children. Five deliberate, heartless murders and an attempted sixth, which led to the detection of the string of crimes-- this is a record which, when all the aittendant cireumstaruces are taken into account, hlas rarely been equaUod for horror and fiendish crininality. The poisoning woas carried out in the partioular case for which she rendered ex piation on the scaffold nnder circumstances that indicatred a trly devilish combination of hypoorisy and treachery. She used kindness and solicitous care as a cloak for the better carrying out of her inhuman designs, nursing the sick man-sick from the effects of poison radariniustered by herself-and hiding further doses in thie medicine which she tanderedl to him to the aecompaniment of smiles and sympathetie whispers. So pitiful had become his condition that only the heart of one utterly divorced from the common feelings of humanity could have persisted in the crime. Horrors of this kind, w?ich are far more terrible in their cold premieditated cruelty than those seLrsational murders for which Deeming was ihanged, coustituto an almost unansweranble case for capital pnuishment. A pitiless murderees like Mrs. Needle forfeits all claim to consideration. There was nothing to show that she was in airy way insane, oxcept in thie sense that all criminals of thie type are inEsane; and society for the protection of its members must remember the sternly just principles of the ancient Jdwish code-a life for a life. A woman with pro clivities of that sort could never be safely lot loose again. At the opening of the Gurrundah Butter Factory on Saturday last Mr. leose took advantage of the opportunity to put in another word for the large landowners. He arserted that no Crstoms duities would lo taken off, that it was impossible to redeem tire promise to restore freetrade, and that " the fur thoier decrease in thie price of wool alone made the thought of land taxartion perilous." Here were assertions which might be swallowed readily in Argyle, but will hardly find acceptance in quarters whore people have for thie Ipast three years been engaged in aL keen hand-to-hand fight with poverty and starvation. Because the price of wool has declined those who have hitherto esaped their share of taxartion are to be longer exempted. A righteous proposi:l, this. Y~hat about the price of labour, Mir. Rose ? We could take you to dozens of sober, hardworking men in Goulburn who for the past three years have not averaged more thuan £1 or 30s a week and who formerly earned their £3 and £1 per week. They had by dint of frugarlity purchased a small piece of land and put a cottage thereon, but having families which required clothing and feeding their little properties have in many cnscs been swallowed by the mortgagee or are on thie verge of being so. Are not these men entitled to somne con sldoraltion, or is all your sympathy monopolized by the growemr of wool aund the Irrge laudowners ? You know perfectly well that thie smalil men will not feel the land tax because it will be accomnpanied by the remission of Customs duties more than equalling the amrourt imposed in land taxation. The nmen whose properties are mortgaged will ailso escape to the extent of the mortg.go, and therefore, Mr. Rose, you are championing the cause of thie owners of valuable sites and of the large monetary institutions which you have on occalsions so outspokenly de nounced. A decline in tie price of vool, thougl bad for growners aind the colony generally, should iot operate to relieve thIe privileged classes from their just share of the burdens of State. Sir Henry Pairkces's venerntion for constitution alima often passeo into the baldest and moest un ivasoning of fanaticismn. So long as a thing is old, arnd in days gone by, when conditions were very different, Ilhs done good work, it can dways find a defender in Sir Henry ; and it not seldom happens that he sees the most dircful possibilities in tile most minute and insignificant departures from old time usageo. Anu ustance occurred on Tuesdray night when Mr. Fcgan iutroduced a bill to dispense with thid re-election of MIinisters after their aicceptarnce of offico. This systnem was first established to dieal with cortaiu conditions. In the days cwhie tihe battle was still proceeding between thie throue and thie people as to wvhich should be thie ultilnata arbiter and the final repository of sovereign power thie King appointed Miuisters; but thie people, with thie vioew of retaining tire right of veto and so en suring that the mere creatures and tools of royalty should not override the popullar will, enacted that rsucrh Ministers must snubmit themselves to the people entitled to vote at Parliamentary elections. It was a. very necessary provision in the times of tihe Stnarts, who clrimed to reign by divine right and sought rfter irresponsible power in its fulness. flt to addiuce the rouditions in tlhe reign of thie Stuart dynasty ias a reason for maintaining thie system to day is unworthy a statesman of Sir Henry Parkeos's ualibre. There is now-a-days no danger to be guarded agaiast of thie sort menitioned. Neither Queen Victoria nor Governor Duftf arppoints miu itters. It may be wise for other reasons to conserve the prnmaticce. There is no doubt it gives the people -of certin clectorates at all oveCnts--a controlling power over a new Ministry ; and it may be, there fore, a debateable question cwhether it should ie abanidoned. But Sir Hurry Parkes's bogey of the throneo and the ghost of Stuart aggressiveness are bunkuam, and he ought by this time to be cognisant of it. Mr. Fcgan's bill did not succeed in obtaining tile approval of thie House, althouiiigh tie wceight of argiament, in our opinion, is agaiunst thie contiurancic of a praeti ce which has lung survived the codlitions it was inestituted to meeoot. If all lxen were irs enamroure d of precedent and constititutionalism as Sir Henry Parkes there would be an end to all progress vwhateer. Anybody lwho keeoops his eyes on the cable mros. sages publisred ii the daily pipers aaust ty this time hravo enme to thie ciolrathell that " the same old lameo" is being paursued in respect to Cool igardio asr is followed il I h e ase of overy othler goldtield of rerouwni-thart is to say, the brokler and stock e xcharnr grabbers ar rlalirng nuro gold tlhan thie uminlrs, and there is more Sp~eculationr in the ollioes of financial gentlemen than there isa bona fide work on the field. Day after day the flotation of fresh companies in announced-companies whose very names were never heard of before they were lashled along the wires. In nine cases out of teo tie capital is absurdly out of proportion to what would be required for actually working tile miine, showing cither that the promoters are making a very good thing out of it or that it is intended that thie wary hoilders of shares will reap a big harvest by selling at their face rlue shares on which they have only paid the deposit and one or twro calls. Respcetable financial journals have ivarned the tritish public againsit Wild cat ventures at Cool gbarlio; but the B.P., having evidently read soomething of thle few really good properties in the arid west, and thinking all are alike, evidently prefers to taike its own corse. By-and- bye there will be the inevitable wail about misplaced confi dence; but a little later, when the storm htI sub sided, the game will begin again, and the stock broker will not find his occupation gone. "There yemightmight be a surpriso of Sir Henry Parkcs bidding for the protectionists with the acquiescence of Sir George D)ibbs."-- r. Rose at Gurrundah. Now for it: After all the blow and bluster, After all the flames and sparks, Here's aopretty thing to hear of Protectionists are after Parkos Poor old IHenry, whom they slated, Went for ilim like hungry sharks: He's to join with Dibbs, we're told now Once despised and hated Parkes. Won't there be a change of music ? Praise will soon replace the barks; O'Sullivan and Rose and Copeland Will unite to laud old Parkes. - Proteetioni?ts will veer like lightning . (Chaps theyr are who know such larks); They will greet as some great hero Poor neglected Henry Parkes. What's the cause of this recanting ? What a lack of power it marks ! Protectionists can't get a leader, So they try to harness Parkes Parkes who was their ihated foeman, Parkes uwho knew their little larksa, Parkes wh-o now sulks lone, neglected, Reid-despising Henry Parkes. 