( E d m s a n b g k - f o l t o r HUGH KALYPTUS ON ART. A wonderful thing is art; it wakes a porton Of the most frank and open nature »>ry designing, and it is so simple, yet so lutrioatr, that in good sooth the deftness of the baud deceives the eye—ask Gill, and he will ahow you a flat pieoe of paper with a chalk K»U drawn on it so natural that you wonder it Hot roll off. Seeing the excellent systematic work done by the School of Design and Technical Art, it ks amusing to cull to uiiud the tnochauical rule of thumb mode iu favour two decades ago, ks taught in and around Adelaide. \Y»1I cK> 1 remember "drawing as she was itfaohed'when I was a lad at school. A lot of allied studies having been purchased at loos I stationeiV they were distributed So the drawing class, l'hesubjeot was generally a woodeu bucket, a wheelbarrow, and a spade, with a Dorking malehan, of the weathercock pattern, roosting an the handle, with h a mouth open like a Labour Member spreading himself "agm the Government." The studies of animals were t^mo.-t luvarably a dissipated donkey standing over a rheumatic thistle, ruminating on nothing in particular, or a motherly cow. with hipbones you oouid bang your hat on, lying lazily in a pasture chowiDg the cud of eweec and bitter fancy. We dare not deviate from these set subjects. I remember getting a hundred lines of Homer and a out across my pants for introducing n goal to keep the melancholy solitary g^g company, and giving the latter a rollicking air by making his tail stick out with a rakish twist in it. This attempt to cast off the ironclad rules of the art master, and show some originality, was nipped in the bud. The average parent (not mine, because he was a born artist), was usually quite contest if his hopeful sen or daughter came home with a stiff formal pencil drawing, painfully accurate in outline and shading —almost as painful as drawing a tooth—and that " pictchaw" was elaborately framed and hung up in the best room, so that tbe visitors "who came to afternoon tea, and the parson, who dropped in as parsons do for the extra oup, might see, mark, learn, ana inwardly rejoice— 1-msan curse it. Oh! haven't I seen them, those cold, expressionless sheets of drawing paper, or tinted aardboard, with a landscape pencilled under a paleing purpley sky; a piece of water coloured with tbe tins left over from the sky, crossed by a groggy footbridge, guarded by two or three formal pines or poplars, and made to carry a oonntry girl or lout, with stumpy legs and a general air of having been out all night. There used always be a sort of won't-go-hometill-morning about the figures introduced into jshose landscapes, and many a time and oft navel ground my teeth and yearned to pasteone of Ttenniel'a Punch cartoons over them to prevent an outrage. Those works o! alleged art are relegated to the limbo of the past now, like that atrocious •China dog with the tomato-coloured nose, red and yellow patches on his ribs, and ourly tail, *vho used to stand in paira on the mantelpiece of most cottages. I have spent years and years of my life trying to find out tnb breed of that "chaney" dog, with the outrageous collar and supercilious air, and never got nearer than a cross between a cortciseshell oat and King Charles spaniel—it oat _ up like a cat, and was just as etolid. I believe I would have grown up » batter-tempered man it it had not been for those "chaney" dogs 1 used to see in the eld dame's best parlour where I went to school when about the size of Tommy Rough—they and the picturesof Scripture subjects worked in wool embittered my young soul. I cannot bear to remember the'young ladies' Bchool examinations when the awfully-framed drawings and samplers were paraded on the walls, and fond pa's and ma's went round, lost in admiration, while the school mistress who taught her pupils how to write poetry—shade of Caldwell!—followed, pointing out the marvellous progress made — great Rubens ghost ! I shiver to think of it. But all that ia altered here now, thanks to the School of Technical Art; and parents appreciate the change, although one or two have occasionally told Mr. Gill that they would sooner "Sarah or Jim came home with a homelike oopy of & chair, a table, or a cart instead of Btoopid 6tudies of scenery out of doors, what they call ' droring from Natur.'" 