IATER[ALIZING A GHOST. A XMAS EVE ADVENTURE. (Br J. G. O'DoseOGHx ..) : t It was the beginning "f summer, in the year 1873. that the silvan solitudes of a valley formed by two of the numerous ranges or spurs that characterise the physical features of -North Gippsland. were awakened by the concomitant circumstances attendant on the appearance of a party of mounted prospectors among its primeval wilds. Un consciously picturesque, in their unstudied attitudes of graceful negligente, seem those bronze faced, resolate-looking gold seekers. as they sit in their saddles scanning with critical eyes the diversified anl pleasing silvan panorama that environs them. The protracted examination of the landscape does not arise from a love of the beautiful in nature; although the valley might indis putably be taken as a compendium of one of her many varied displays.and beautiful com binations. Continuous travelling through scenery such as that which surrounded them, had somewhat dimmed the glamour'of that exalted feeling; so that the lavish display of nature's wild grandeur, excited but little interest, or called forth little remark from the horsemen ; as it would have done had I monotnons, sandy wastes intervened amid the unbroken expanse of waving foliage under which they had been travelling for weeks. The geological festure. of the valley are likewise unheeded. All are intent on the selection of a suitable situation on which to erect the tents. A spot is at length chosen, and under the low spreading pranches and umbrageous foliage of a giant eucalyptus, the tents are pitched, and preparations for the evening meal commenced. Directly in front of the tents was an expanse of green award, sloping gradually to. wards the Moroke Riv--. whose rapid and pellucid waters, eddying, and ripoting along among the boulders that embedded its channel, and the branches and tree trunks that lie piled across its course in bewildering confusion at every curves run with many windings to join the Mitchell. Lining tha river's banks is a tangled mass of vegetation. among which a forest of gum trees, their primeval grandeur as yet unimpaired by the selector's axe, shot upwards, and in long I serried lines stretch away in dim perspective to the summits of ts. oBaller and Tom boritha ; between whose rugged " tores" the long snowy apex of the Barkly Range can be plainly discerned against the deep blue of the evening sky. After supper the ,compsny gathered for the inevitable smoke and yarn before retir ing. On this occasior., however., they do not appear to be an a loouaciouns mood. With grim complacency they sit on the moss covered trunk of an old arce. which had been uprooted by the tempest; or repose in recumbent attitudes on the grass, puffng meditatirely the while clouds of tobacco smoke from between their lips, and watching the cunrling fantastic wreaths gradually dis appear in the quickening shade of night. Brightly gleam the glowing pipes in the twilight. No voice breaks the stillness. An unusual and oppressive gravity appears to pervade the entire assembly. It may arise from the fact that it is Xmas Eve, and that memories of other such anniversaries, spent under more propitions circumstances, crowd upon the mind, anniversaries probably spent with friends or relations whose familiar form, and cheery Xmas greeting, will never be seen or heard more. Perhaps the gravity is the outcome of enervation caused by a long journey through the broiling sun. Whatever may hayve been the cause, its effects soon passes of. and personal reminis cences and adventures of flood and field follow each other in rapid and varying suc cession. One alone of the party retains an un characteristic gravity and cynicism , so much so that his companions remark his silence, and in a bantering way maks aug. gestions as to the causes. "You are all at fault. undoubtedly at fault," reiterated the silent one. One cannot think, and sustain a conversation at the same time. "I was but recalling an adventure that occurred to me one Xmas Eve some years ago, and which I shall relate if you care to hear it." "What are its essential qualities! Jack old man," asked Charley Dalton. the sage of the party. " Ghostly," was the sepulchral and laconic reply. "Ghosts! Rubbish!" exclaims Charley. They do not exist unless "This one did," interrupted Jack,as he proceeded to drag his long spare form into a sutable posture for a lengthened talk. " Oh, well I" replied the sage, somewhat unsettled at having his eloquenec catshort in such a summary fashion, " we will not discuss the subject. Fire away !" There is no need for the permission to be repeated twice; for after a few preliminary coughs, Jack at once plunged into the sub. ject. One Xmas time some years aro, I received an invitation from a friend to spend Christmas Day with himself and family. Living as I did then, five miles from the township of T- , and nearly the same distance from any human habitation, and seldom meeting any pet ,n with whom to converse, I readily acquiesced in my friend's suggestion. Where I resided was a creek, bordered as is mostly the case by lagoons which were a resort for many species of wild fowL Thinking that a pair or so of wild duck would not come amiss to my friend'i wife I took my gun eariy on Xmas Erve and succeeded in s*hoting a couple, and also a hare. Making these up into a portable par eel, I started for the township shortly after dask. It was one of those sights one would select for a ramble, when the moon unim peded by a cloud sails majestically and sunpremely across a firmament of s?.phire thickly spangled by myriad stars. The night was warm and still The chirp of the locusts, and the far off barking of a dog, sounded clear and distinet. From, the waterhole hard by came the monotonous, yet rhyth. mical. chant of the cicada, broken at times by the deep hoarse croak of some huge " tull froi," wha floting on the water with out spread legs and inflated body. strives with many ,pa·modie jerks to ountvoice his ad. jcent '-harlps." Shad perhaps goneabsout three parts of the distancewhen an almost indeacribable feeling took possession of me. In other words. I felt by some inscrutable instinct that I was watched. I halted.and glanced around. N. living thing waso to be se; save the bats that noiseleasly flitted past. I glanced np wards ; noange had taken place. The sky was no longer clear. Light fleecy wisps of "cirrus" cloud drifted quickly across the heavenes. ever and anon olseuring the mons, and eno?ai aliurnate light and shadow Shaking off the nicanny feeling that caused me to srop. I Pnrce more resumed my walk. I had not gone iar when a slight sound t~artled me, and once more I paused. At this moment the moon shed her silvery radiance through a rift in the clouds, depicting in delicate outline the trunks of the trees from out of their umbrageons gloom. I glanced hastly arond. Something attracted my attention. Something partly hidden by the deep shade thrown bye gigantic ecalyntas. Somebhing motionlens and erect, formless and indistinct, yetehiniog with an unearthly glow of Iranslucen: light. I was appalled ; my frame shook as if with ague. Hug drops of perspiration courted each other down my face. I felt as weak as a child. and could only gaze with bated breath, and blanched fave at that portentons shape. There are times, we are told, when even the most reckless are struck with a feeling of awe ; when the blood seems to chill, and the t heart seems to faint, and all physical power appears to be gone ; when the. soul is startled, and the cheeks are blanched, and each fudction appears to be under the inflnence of some in??jscrihable paralysisa. This delineation aptly describes my feelings I at that mosment. With alternate sensations of fear, doubt, and bewilderment, I continued to aze at that ghostly figure standing so grim E and silent beneath the giant gum. Long 1 ago I had reasoned myself out of all belief in ghosts, goblins, or any of the other snpernatural species, which man in his imagination creates and endows with all the faculties essential to their existence; yet so unexpected bad been the encounter, that all my former reasoning failed to stand the test so suddenly imposed upon it. It was not long before my normal self possession returned. and with it all my former doubts in the existence of ghosts. I stooped to pick up the. parcel dropped involuntary at the appearance of the " mysterious," and on looking again in the direction of my super natural companion. I found that he had vanished. Cautiously approaching the spot where he so recently stood, I glanced around. Nothing was to be seen. Was the spectre after all m-rely an illusion of the senses! I was suddenly awakened from the reverie into which I had fallen by an unearthly cry, unearthly alike in inota tion and portent. Turning hurredly in the direction whence the cry came, I saw the fearful apparition coming directly towards me, gliding seemingly over the ground at an almost incredible speed. My courage being now equal to the encounter, I awaited the advent of the por. tentous figure with a coolness equalling my previous trepidation. The spectre was clad in a long, white luminous-like shroud, which descended from neck to heel. Its hands werethose of a skeleton. Its head a blanched, and grinning skuil. the sightless orbs of which, like those of that faoled animal the cockatrice, shone with a brilliant unearthly light. My resolute bearing seemed to dis concert his ghostsbtp; for he checked his speod,and when within twenty yards of where I stood he raised'his skeleton like arms above his head, gave utterance to a weird cry, and shot off at right angles to his previous course. My suspicions were aroused. Listening at tentively I could hbear the faint crepitation of gum leaves, consequent on the passage of a ponderable body over their surface. Spectres, according to the whimsical and accepted pothesis, are shod with wool. This one evidently was an exception to the general rule. I determined to fathom the vagaries of this moonlight ranger, and grasping the parcel firmly in my hand. I* waited a favourab'e opportunity to give chase. That opportunity soon presented itself. Once snbre the spectre came flitting towards me. Feigning fear I croached down alongside of a tree, and thus lured the figure nearer to my concealment than it would otherwise have approached. Jumping up I made a rush at the spectre; but by a graceful move ment it alluded my grasp, and dartel off, leaving me far in the rear. With stern pertinacity I started in pursnit, urged on by the desire to investiwa:e the source of that incredible pace. After the fi:st" burst" the ghostly fiBrre adopte-l a steady uniform pace. I followed about a chain distant run ning well, and gainingsoeed,and confidence in my " staying powers" at every stride. A peculiar sound now attracted my atten. tion. A remittent ham, not unlike the musical vibration of tenser wires had obecome audible. Pazzling over this inexplicable sound I ran on. Suddenly a logfence, surmounted by a barbarous looking " buackthorn" wire, exten. ded its sinuous lengh in the path of the ghost. I quickened my pace Would the figure attempt the jump. My cogitations on this point were abruptly ended by his - ghost ship" turning, and following the course of the fence. A few hundred yards distant I knew that another fence joined, and ran at right angles to the one we were now follow. ing. I felt certain that the spectre would not be able to jump the fence, and preserve his diaphanous draperies intact. At length we reached the angle formed by the two fences, and describing a diagonal, I thought to inter cept the spectre. It was a vain manaavre. With the ease of a kangaroo the objectof my pursuit cleared the fence. and thus avoided me. The jump, however, had in some way displaced his anatomy. He no longer glided over the ground, but adopted a style which appeared a blend of the Irish gig, and the ungainly gait of a wounded oppoasom. Igave chase. A few doubles that would have met with theapprobatition of the most exacting football critic, insuned. Then with a swing I raised the parceL For an instant it hung like the sword of Darmocles suspended over the spectre, and then descended. I had a transient vision of a pair of duck, a Inminous body, and the whirling form of a bare, seemingly careeringthrough space,then all was a blank. I have materializea the ghost. On recovering my senses from the involuntary oblivion into which they had been so suddenly plunged, I found that I was extended at fall length on a dusty road. Jumping to my feet I looked for the cause of this startling denonement. - There he wan sitting on a stump, still clad in his diaphanous draperies, swearing like a Van. demonian at a piece of wood that had become securely fixed in one of the powerful springs that were attached to his boots. At my feet lay the crinning skull from the orbits of which issued two beams of light. I picked it up. A circular hole sunfficiently large to admit the introduction of a small lantern into the cavity of the skull had been cot in the frontal and the two parietal bones. A copper stud passitg through the occipital foramen con nected the lantern with a leather cap which fitted the head and to which a chin strap was attached. " Well," a?rsted my companion, when I had completed my inspection, "? What do you think sof my make up T" Wonderfol : es pecially the springs," I replied. " Yes," he said. "they are not bad, and but for this stick yon would never have overtaken me." I assisted him to remove the stick, and watched him don his ghastly human helmet. Then giving his draperies a shake to remove the adherent dust, he exclaimed, as rrvoir, my strong minded friend, when next you attempt to materialize a ghost. don't break your neck by falling over him. One moment. What is your obje.t in masquerading so far from the township, I asked. Merely to frighten a holiday party. I trust that I shall be more successful than what I have been in your case. Saying this hie glided off. I watched the flitting form till it was no longer visible, theq, picking up the contents of the parcel. I Fe-med my journey and arrived at my destination in due cousse, and fravoured my friend with a narrative of my adventure. It is now 12 o'clock. exclaimed Jack, glancing at his watch, so Ishall wish you all "Good Nightf" and a"Happy Xmas." The Prabran Bench on Monday se fenced William GainsMford, an ex-tramway employe, to twelve months and 15 lashes for indecent conduct in the presence of young girls. The Adult Suffrage Bill has been adopted by the South Autralisn Aasembly. It permite women both to sit in Parliament and to vote at elections for the conocil and assembly. On Wednesday morning a serious accident happened at the Fresh Food Creamery at Hazelwood. Two boys named Maxwell were driving a cart for Mr. O. HentschelL and were waiting fnortheir turn to delivertheirmlk. Bysome means the winkers fell off one of the horses with the result that the ptairbolted, and collid ing with a spring dray both the vehicles were overtnurned, and the boys were much injured. One is badly cut about the head, and his conition causes anxiety. The Premier is not prepared to state definitely what the actual decrease in the revenue would be owing to the exemptions in the Land and Income Tax Bills. Oricinally he had calculated on receiving £500,000. First £160,000 had been taken off, and now the exemption of life assurance aocieties from the income tax would mean about another £20,000. Roughly speaking he calculates to obtain from the taxation in its pesent form I from £350,000to £400000. i 