I flH OAK COFFIN. flHOTHER DOCTOR'S STORY. I rCoKCI.CDKI). I We cither of u My another word I .niil we Ect to Ivy Hall. It waa n rambling I S hou'C? with numoroue low rooms and a I fciir eatrttnco- bail. 1 could fancy that In tho I ...rnm»r it was cheerful enough, wUhitHbinre, par.'eu. Tho niirlit was a dark ono, vdt Ut .to would ho a mom preeintly, I Gu&ri;«li® was waiting in the bull torocolvo I 0,» I will take you to tho door of mother's I room," »ho exclaimed. I Her words camo oat tremblingly, her faco I was like death. Sho was shaking nil over. I gberaaup tho susirs l>sfero us, aud then I !9irnalcDirpassagowhich led to a room a I D'tle apart from tho rest of tho house. I " told you mother wished to sleep In ft I -on as tnr away from ino as possible," eho I mid- flrtbing ft glanco into my face as sho I nodded in reply. We upened tho door I sad went in. The night which mot oar eyes I ono with which most medioal men aro I familiar. I 'Tho patient was lying on tho bed in n etato I jf violeut delirium. Two mild eamut wero I fending over her, and evidently much oxclt- I |cg her feeling in thoir offorts to hold her I fawn. I hpoho at once with authority. I «'Vou cau loavo thu room now."l said— I "'only remain within call hi case you aro I ranted." I Thoy obeyed instantly, looking at mo with I prpruei phnces, and at Mackenzie with I euni/est relief. I I rhnt tho door after thorn and approached I (he bed. One glance showed that lira I ileUliroto was not mad in thoordinnry sense, I hat that eHo wob suffering at tho moment from I s:ate delirium. 1 put my hand on her fore- I h?ad ; it burned with fever. Her pulso was I rapid and uneven. Mackenzio took her I temperature, which was very nearly a I hundred and four deartefl. Whilo wo wero I examining her «he remained quiet, hut prc- I rinily, as wo stood together and watched I her, fhe began to rnvo (team, I "What is it, Gibricllo? No, no, hois I quito dead, child. I toll you I m-w »bn man I wrew his coflin down. He's duad— -quite I dead. Oil, God! oil, God! yes, dead, dead !" I She Mt up in bed and stared straight I before her. | 44 Vou mustn't coao here so often," eho I raid, looking oast us into tho centre of tho room, and addressing oomoono whom nho teemed to aco with distinctness, "I toll you it isn't safe. Gabrielio suspects. Don't oomo p often — I'll manage some other way. Trust me. Do trust me. Vou know X won't let you starve. Oh, goaway, go away." Sho iluug horsolf baob on tho hod and I preyed hor hands franticully to her burning I W' I 44 Your father has beta deal rii me-i'.m sow, Oihrlelle," sho said presently in » chanced voice. " No ono was over more dead. I toll yon I Ad\v him die ; ha was buried, und yoa wont to his funeral." Hero again hor voice nltorcd. Sho eat upigbt and motioned with her hand. " Will yon bring the coflin In hore, please, Into this room P Tea ; It eocms a nloo coffin — well finished. Tho coffin is raids of oak. That U right. Oak lasts. I can't bearoollins that crumble away very quiaUy. This la a rd ono — yoo liavo taken pnlus with I am pleased. Lay him in gently. Ho is not vary heavy, is ho? Yoafieo bow worn ho is. Consumption !—ycs, consump tion. Ho had boon a long tim<» dyiug, but attboondit was midden. Hemorrhage of tho lungs. Wo did It to eavo Citbriollo, aud to keep away— what, what, what did we want to keep away t — Oh yen, dishonor 1 The— tho " litre eho burst into a loud laugh. 44 Vou don't finppoio, yon undertaker's men, that I'm irolug to tell you what wo did it for ? Dr Mackenzie was thero— ho saw hlra Just at tho end. Now you have placed him nicely iu hisoofilu, ncd cin go. Thank yon, vou can go now. I don't want yoti to too hiataco. A dead faco iatoo stored. Youmust not look im it. llo is peaceful, only palo, very polo. Is ho us puloa.a most dead people? Ob, 1 ergot— you van eeo him. Aud eo colu? Ob, yes, X tl.iuk so, quito. Vou want to wrew tho ootlln down, of course, of course— I was forgetting. Now, ho quick about it. Why, do you know, I was very uearly having him buried with tho ociiiu open 1 jsctow away now, screw away. Ab, how that nolso grates on my nerves. I shall go mad if you are not gujok- Do bo quick— ho quick, and leavo ino alonowith my dead. Oh God, with my dead, my (load !" Tho wretched woman's volco sank to a boarso whisper. SLostniugledon to herkneos and folding her hands, began to pray. "God in heaven havo mercy upon mo and upon my dead," dbe moaned. "Now, now, now 1 whero's tho screwdriver ! Oh, heavens. It's lost, it's lost 1 Wo are undone ! My Qod, what is tho matter with ino? My bruin reels. Oh, my God, inyGtd 1" Sho moaned fearfully. Wo Uid her back on tho bed. tier tmitterinyn boosino mora rapid and indistinct. Presently sho slept. " Shu must not bo loft in this condition," saidMaokvuzin to ino. 44 It would bo very bud for Gabrlclle to bo with her mother now. And thoao young servants are uut to fcn trus'Ol. 1 will go nod send In a nuroo as soon ni poesiblo. Can you do tno tho In estimable favor of rouuiiuiug hero until n nuraoorrivca?" . "I wus going to propose that I should, in iny caso, spend the night hore," I replied. "That is inoro than good of you," said the doctor. ' Not at all," I answered; "tho caso in- leroftts nto extremely." A moment, or two later Maakciizlo loft tho house. Durlug his abettoco Mrs iloathooto ilopt, and I sat and watobed her. Tho /over raged very high— sho muttered constantly in hertarribfe (trcaino, hat said nothing oohorcnt. I felt very anziotin about hor. Sho hud ovi- deutly bocu subjected to n most frightful strain, and now all bor nuure was giving way. I dared not think what hor words implied. My mission wus at present to do whAt 1 could for her relief. Tlio nurto arrived about midnight. She was u . scmiblo, middle-aged wornun, very strong, too, and evidently accustomed to fever patients. I gavo her rouio direotiott", doslrod her to ring a certain boll if she required iny nesistanco, and left the room. As I wont slowly downstairs I noticed tho moon find risen. Thohoneo was perfectly still — thoslok woman's moons onuhl not bo heard beyond tho distant wing of tho houio whoro alio slopt. As I went downstairs I remem bered Gabrieilo'a story about tho moonlit garden and hor father's figure standing thoro I feltainoniontnry ouriosity to aoo what tho garden was like, and, inoviug anido u blind wbioh concealed ono of tho lobby windows, looked out. I gavo ono hurried glance mid started back. Was Z, too, tho victim nf llluriou? .Standing in tho garden was tho tallfujuroof a man with folded arms, llo was looking uway from mo, hut thn light fell on liU faoo ; it was -naduvorous and ghastly whito ; his hat woe off ; lie moved into a deep shadow. It was nil done in an Instant— he camo and went llfco a Hash. 1 named iny way softly downstairs. This mnu s nppoarunco Boomed exactly to coincide with Maokonrlo's description of Jloathcote ; but was it possillo. In any of tho wonderful poretbllitics of this earth, that a man oould rise from his oollin and walk tho oarth again P Gabrielio was waiting for mo in tho ehecr- !ul drawing-room. A bright firo burned in tho urate, thoro wero onmllox ou braakots, and ono or two shaded lumps placed on small tables. On ono table, a llttlo larger than the rest, a whltu cloth was spread. It also contaiood a tray with glasses, some olarot and sherry in decanters and a plato of sandwiches. " Vou must ho tlrod," said Gabriollo. " Pleosa havo a glass of wine, and please oat something. I Icnow thoso eandwiohes aro good — I mado thorn myself. " She pressed mo to Oat and drink. In truth, I nocdod refreshment. Tho scone in tho siok room had told oven on my iron nerves, and tho tight from tho lobby wiodow had almost taken my breath away. Gabrielio attended on me as if she were my daughter. I was touched by hor solici tude, and by tho realty uoblo way in which Bho trlod to put solf oat of night. At ln«t she said, in a voioo which shook with emotion : — " I know, Dr Halifax, that yon think badly of mother." " Vonr mother Is vory III Indood," I snsworcd. " It la good of yon to oomo and holp her. Vou aro a uroat dootor, aro you not F" I smiled at tho ohlld's unrstlou. "1 want you to tell mo something about the boglnnloK of your mother's Illness," I said, after a pauso. "When I saw her two days ago, Rbo scarcely conslderod horsolf ill at all— ia foot, you wero supposed to bo tho patiiwit." 1 -HeUo dropped into tho noarost chair. " tare is a mystery soniowhere," she said, "b« I minnut mako it out. When I oamo . .fter eoeiug you to-day, mothoc secraod very rcKtlcu and troubled. I thought sho would havo quvstioocd mo about being eo k>og away, and ask mo at least what I bad 1 v dono with myself. Instead of that, she asked mo to tread softly. Sho said tho had (inch an intolerable headacho that sho could not cndnro.tbo least sound. I saw alio had beon out, for sho bud her walking boots ou, .and thoy wero oovered with mod." 1 tried to coax hor to oat something, but bo would not. and as I sawsho rosily wisned to be alone, I left her "At tea time, our perlor- maid, Feters, told mo that mother had gono to bed and hid given directions that »-ho was on no account to bo diitutb<d. I had tea alone, ani then eauxo la bura and made tho plaoo us bright nod comfottablo as I could. Oaco or twice before, since my father's death, mother has Buffered from aonto headaches, and has gono to bed ; but when they got better, sho has dressed und cotoo downstaira ngniu. 1 thounlit sho miirht Hka to do su to-night, and that rtsa wotild bn pleaded to seo a bright room and everything cheerful about her. " T got a story book and tried to road, hut my thoughts wero with mother, and I full dreadfully puzzled and anxious, Tho time seemed very long too, and I heartily wished that tho night was over. I went npstaira about eight o'cleck, and listened outside mother's door. Sho was moaning and talk ing to herself. It seemed to moth&taho; woh Buying dreadful things. IquiUubndderodas I listener. I knocked at tho door, bat. thero wo i no Rosvrcr. Then I tamod tho Imadlo and Iried to enter, bat tho door was locked 1 went downstair; again, and Potuta came to aah mo if 1 would lilro bupper. Sho was still in tho ror<m, and I had not mado up my mind whotber I could oat nuythiug or not. When I hoard her give a short scream, aud turning round, leaw mother standing in tho room in her nightdrc-e. Sho had tho carving-knife in her hand. " 'Gabriollo,' sho said, in a quiot voico, but with au awful look in hor eyes, 4 1 want you to toll mo tho truth. Is thoro any blood on my hands f 41 No, no, mother,' I answered. "Sho gavo a deep sigh, and looked fttthem as if sbo wero lady Macbeth. 41 4 Gabrielio,' sho said again, 4 1 can't Hvo any longer without your lather. I havo mado this knifo thorp, and it won't take long.' M Then she tnrned and loft the room. Fetors ran for cook, and thoy wont up e taint after her uml I iushd for Dr Mackenzie." " It was a fuuriul ordeal for yon," I said, "and you bebavod very bravely; but you must not think too muoh about yoar mother's condition, nor aboat any words wbioh tlio happened to say. Sho ia highly feverish at present, and Is not accountable for lior actions. Sit down now, please, and take a glass of winoyourrelf." 44 No, thank yon — I novor take wino." 14 I'm glad to hoar yoa say su, for in that caso a glass of this good claret will do wonders for you. Hero, I'm going to pour ono out—now drink it off at onoo." Sho obeyed mo with a patient sort of smile. :' palo, bat thu wino brought some color iuiu u.c ujcoks. "lam interested in your story," I said, nflor a pause. "Particularly iu what you told mo ubout your poor father. Ho must havo been an ititorestlug man for you to treasure his memory so dcoply. Do you wind describing him to mo?" Sho flushed up when I spoko. I saw that tears wero vory near her eyes, and she hit her lips to kepp back emotion. "My fathor wos liko no ono oleo," sho said. "It iu impuibJo for mo to mako a picture of him for ouo who has not seen him." 44 Gut you can ut least toll mo if ho wero tall or abort, dark or fair, old or young ? " 44 No, I can't," sho said, after another pause. 44 Ho was just fathor. When yon love yoar futhor, lvo ban a kind of eternal youth to you, and you don't dieoriminato his feature?. If you aro his only child, his is just tho ouo Faco in all tho world to yoa. I find ir. Impossible to dcfcribo tho faao, although it fills my mind'a oyo, waking and sleeping. Hut, ntuy, I havo a picture of him. I don't show it to nuuiy, but you shall roe It." Sho rnshed oat of tho room, rctnrnlng in a moment with a morocoo cane. Sho oponod it, mid brought over a candlo at tho kaido tirno to that tho light should fall on tho pic ture within. It represented a tail, slight man, with deop-eotoyos and it vory thin faco. Tho oyes wore somewhat piercing in thoir glanco ; the lips Wero closely set und firm ; tho chin wan cioft. The fuoa showed deter mination. I gavo it h quick glanco, and clos ing tho case, loturnod it to Gabriollo. Tho faro was tho faco of tho man I had seen in tho garden. My patiout passed a dreadful night. Sho was no hotter tho next morning. Hor tem perature was rather Mghor(?Tor ptllfce qulokcr, iior respiration inoro hurried. Hor raving4 bad now become Almost iuooheroot. Mnckenzio and I had an anxious consulta tion over her. When be left tho houso I accompanied him. " I am colng to mako » etraago request of you," 1 etiid. "I wUU for your usulvtAnco, and urn euro you will not refuse to give It to mo. In ehort, I wank to tako immediate steps to havo Hcathoole's coflio opened." . lam quite sure Mackeuzio thought I was mad. Ue looked at mo, oponod his Hps as If to flpotlc, hut thou waited to hear iny noxt words. 44 1 wont to havo Ileathooto's body ex humed," I raid. 44 If you will listen to mo, I will toll you why." £ then gave him a graphio account of tho man I had roen In tho garden. 44 Thoro is foul play eomowhore," I said, in conclusion. 41 1 huvo been drugged into tbie thing utmost against my will, and now 1 am determined to seo it through." hlackenz o flung up his hauds. 41 1 don't protond to doubt your wisdom," ho said; 44 hut to ank mo gruvoly to nssfat you to oxhumo tho body of a icun who died of take uiy breathaway. What reason can you pornibly give to tho authorities for such an action?" 44 That I havo strong grounds for behoving that the death never took placo atoll," I re plied. 44 Now, will 70U co-opsrato with mo in this mutter, oruot?" " Oh, of course, I'll co-oporato with yon," ho nnsworcd. "Dut I don's protend to say that I liko tho biiaioees." Wo walked together to Ids houso, talking over tho uoccsHary etens which rnu-t bo taken to get mi order for oxhumatbu. Mackenzie promised to telegraph to mo aa soon oh over this wan oht&iuod;, und was obliged to hilrry off to attend to toy own duties. Aa I was stopping Into my hansom I turned to ask tho doctor ono mora question. JIuvu you any rwwon to pupposo that Hoatlicoto was heavily insured ?' J asked. "No; I don't know anything ubout it," he answered. " Yon aro quito snro thoro were no money troubles any whoro ?" 44 1 do not know of any 5 hat tho foot amounts to nothing, for I was not really Intimate with tho family, and, bs I suld yestorduy evening, never entered tho house until lest niglit from the day of tho funornl. I havo never heard of money troublos 5 but, of ooureo, thoy might havo existed." 44 As soon as cvor 1 hear from you, I will mako an arrangement to meet you at Konaul Grocn,"! replied, .aud then I jumped luto tho hansom and drovo away. in tho ooureo of tho day I got a telegram acquainting mo with Mrs Ileathooto's condi tion. It still remained absolutely unohanged, aud thoro was, In Muckoozio's opinion, no necessity for mo to _ pay hor another visit. Early tho next morning, tho required order camo from tho noronor. Muokunzio wired to apprise mo of tho fact, audj I telegraphed back, making an appointment to meat him at Kousal Giccn on the followiug morning. I ehall not soon forgot that day. It was ono of thoao blustering and intensely cold days which oomo of tenor in Maroh than any other time of tho year. The comotcry lookod as diemul as such a placo would on tho oooasion. Tho low wreaths of flowers wbioh wero easttcred hero and thoro on uowly-mtido grovoa wore eoddon and doprlvod of All their frail beauty. Tho wind blow iu groat gusts, which wero about every ton mlautos ncontn- Canicd by ehowors 0! sleet, Thoro was a oilow mooning nolso distinctly audlblo in tho intervals of tho storm. I found, on my arrival, that Maokoozto was thoro before mo. Ho was accompanied by ono of the coroner's mon and a police oonstabio. Two moo who workod in tuo oomotory also oamo forward to assist. No ono oxprossod tho loust burprlso.ut our elraugo errand. Around Mackouzio's Hps, olono, 1 road au oxprcaaion ofdiHopprnval. kcnsul Green is ouo of the oldest oomo- trios which ourround our vast motropolis, and tho Hoathcotcs' hurylngjilaoo was quito in tho oldest portion of this God's aoro. It was ono of tho hideous, auclont, rapidly- golng-ont-of-dato vaults. A huge brick orcotion was plucod ovor it, at one eidu of wbioh was tho door of ontrunoe. Tho earth was removed, tho door of tho vault opouccJ, and some of tho meu wont down thu stops, ono of them holding a toroh, In ordor to Identify tho ooffin. In a oonple of minutes' timo it was borno into tho light of day. Whan I aawit I remombored poor Aire HcaUicotc's wild ravines. i 14 A good, atroug oak ooflln, which wear woll," eho had oxclaimod. Maokonzio and I, oooompanicd by the polioo-oonstablo and tho ooronor's man, fol- lowed the bearers of the coflin to the mor tuary. : ,w?r® ffoicg thero, I tnrood to ask Mnokonzio how hts patient was. He shook his head as ho answered mo. " I fear tho worst, " ho replied. 44 Mrs iLeatbcoto is very ill Indeod. Tho fevcrragca nurn and is like a consuming Ore. Iter tem perature wua a hundred and fivo this mora- mg. 41 1 should recommend paokinghorin shoots wrung out of cold water,"! answered. " Poor woman !— how do yoa account for thia sudden Ulricas, Mackenzie?" He shrugged his ehoulders. 44 .Shock oi aomo sort," ho answered. Then he continued ; « If sho rexlly know of this day a work, it would kill her off pretty (iticidy. Poor eonl," ho added, "1 hope it iuav uovcr reach her ears." We had now reajhed tho mortnary. The mon who had borno tho coflin on their rti'iuldcrs lowered it on to a pair of trestles, ibey then took turnacrows out of their pockets, and in a burinou-lifce and calJnns manner unscrewed tho lid. After doing this they left the mortuary, closing tho door behind. The moment wo found oursolves alooe, I eaid aword to tho police constable, and then gomgquiokjyupiotlio cotfln, lifted tho lid. under ordinar y ciroumsuinocs, such a pro ceeding would be followed by appalling results, which need not hore bo described. Mackeuzio, whoso faco was vory white, stood near mo. 1 looked at him for a inoineut, and then fluugasido tho pall which was meant to conceal tho fao of tho dead. Tho doad truly ! licro was death, which had aovcr, iu any scneo, known lifo like ours. Mackenzio uttered a loud oxcianiation. l'ho constable aud the ooronor's man oamo closo. I lifted a hag of flour out of tho coflia ! Thoro wore rnauy . similar bags thero. It bad beon olosoly paoked, and evidently with a visw to counterfeit the exact weight of the dead man. l'oor Mackenzie was absolutely specchloss. The coroner's man began to take copious notes; tho police- oonstablo gravely did tho Maokcnzio at last found his toogue. ' " I never felt more etnoned In tuy life," he said. " In very truth, 1 all bat saw tho man dio. Where is bo I In thn name of Heaven, what has become of him I This is tho most monstrous thing I havo oror heard of in the wliolo course of my Ufo, und— aud I attended tho fuaoral of thoso 4 bags ot flour!' No wonder that woman nover oared to seo me Inside tho honso again. Dut what pozzies mo," ho coQtinuod, 41 ia the motive — what oan tho motive bo ?" "Porhapa ono of tho insurance companies oan toil us that," said tho police-officer. "It isray duty to report this thing, sir," ho con tinued, turning to me. "I havo not tho least doubt that tho Crown wlliproeecato.!' "I c.vmjofc at all prevent your taking what fltepsyou think propor," I ropliod, "only pray understand that tho poor lady who is thepriocipa! perpetrator in this fraud lies at the present moment at death's door." " Wo must get tho man himself, " mur mured the polico officer. "If be is alive wo ehall soon timl him." Half un hour later Mackenzio and I had left tho dismal comotcry. I bad to hurry back to KArloystreet to attend to soroo Important duties, but I arranged to moot Maukenzlo that evening at tho Ileathaotos' boose. 1 need not aay that iny thoughts were much oeoupicd with Mrs Eleathcoio and her miserable story. What a life that wretched .lleuthcoio must huvo led during tho last six months. No wonder he looked oadaverous as the moonlight fell ovor his gaoot figure. No ghost truly was ho, but a man of liko flesh and blood to ourselves— a man who was supposed to bo buried in Ixonsal Greco, but who yot walked the earth. It was about eight o'clook when I reached tho Jiortthcoto's houso. Mackenzie had al ready arrived— ho oamo into the hull to meet "Where is Miss Gabriollo!" I oakod at " Poor child," ho replied ; " I havo begged of her to stay iu hor room. Sho kuuws nothing of what took plaoe this morning, but is in a torrihlo t-Mteof grlof about her mother. That unfortunuto woman's hours are nura- borcd. .Sho is sinking fait. Will you como to hor at once, Halifax— sho bos ushed for you sovural times." Accompanied by Mackenzio, I monntod tho stairs and entered tho siok room, One glanco at tho pationt's fnoo nhowed mo all too plainly that I was in the chamber of death. Mrs Heatbcoto lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still tho hair oi quite a young woman, was Uuug back over tho pillow. Her palo faco vms wot with perspiration. Hor oyefl, colomn, dark, aud awful iu expression, tamod and fixed thomaclvcd on mo as I npprouohed tho bedsido. Domothing liko the ghoet of a smile quivered round hor lips. Sbo made an cflorl to strotch out a shadowy hand to grasp minis " Don't etlr," I said to hor. " Perhaps you want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I havo very good hoariop, bo you oan speak as low as yon pleoSQ." SUosmilod again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. 44 1 havo Boinothing to confess," eho said, in a hollow whisper. 44 Send tho nurso aud— aadDr Mackenzie out of tho room." 1 was obliged to ' explain tho dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. Ho called to tho uurso to follow him, and thoy immediately loft tho room, As' booh us tho/ had done >0 I bent my head Aud took ouo of Mrs Hcatbooto's hands in mlno. 44 Now," I said, " tako comfort. God can forgive eiu. Vou havo eioncd F" 44 Ob, yes, yes ; but how can you possibly know ?" " Never mind. I am a Rood judge of charuotor. if tolling mo will relievo your 41 My husband is alive," sho murmured. 44 Yes," I said, 44 1 guessed an much." ' Ho had insured his lifo," sho coutinuod, " for— for about fifteen thousand poandfl. Tho inonoy whs wanted to— to savo us from dishonor. Wo msnuged to counterfeit— duoth." Sho stopped, as if unnbio to proceed any further. ,4A weok ago," sho continued, "I— I kiw tho nmn who h supuosodto bo dead. Ho D really dying now. Tho strain of knowing that I oould do nothing for hira — nothing to comfort his last moments— was too horribto. I felt that i could not lire without him. On tho day of my illness I took— poison, a pre paration of Indian hemp. I inosut to kili inynoii. I did not kuow that my object would booifoctod in so terrible n manner." Hero eho looked towards tho door, A great change camo over her fsco. Her eyes shooo with sudden brightness. A look of awful joy filled them. tSho made a frantic effort to rnlao horaoll in bod. 1 followed tho direction of her oyes, and thon, indood, a startled exolamation passed my Hps. Gabriollo, with her cheeks orimwD, hor lips tremulous, her hair tossed wildly about her houd aud shoulders, was advancing into the ! room. leading a cadaverous, ghastly-looking man by tho hand. In other words, Hoath- coto himself in tho fleeh had como into his wifo's dying chamber. 44 Oh, Horaco 1" sho exclaimed ; 44 Horaco —to die in your arms— to know tbAt yon will eoon join me. This is too much bliss— this is too roat jor 1" Tho man Knelt by her, pat bU dying arms round her, aud laid her head on his worn breast. 44 Wo will leave thorn togother," Isold to Gabrielio. 1 took tho poor Hftlo girl's hand and led her from the room. Sho was in a frantic state ot excitement. "I said ho waa not dead," she repeated— ,4I always raid it. I wan sitting by my window a few minutes ago, aud I saw bitn in the garden. Thistimo I was determined that he should not escape rue. I tushed downstairs He know nothing until ho saw ino at his eldo. I caught bis hand in rnioe. It wa<t hot and thin. It was lika a skeleton's hand— only It burned with living firo. 4 Mother is dying— como to her at ouco,' I eaid to him, and than I brought him .s:«» tbo houto." 41 Vou did woU— you astcd very bravely," I replied to her. I took her away to a distant part or the houso. An hour late, Mrs Hrothooto died, t was not with her when eho breathed hor last. My ouo object now was to do what I could for poor little Gabrielio. In coosoqucnco, therefore, i made arrangements to bare au interview with Ueathcote. D was no longer possible for tbo wretched nuin to remain in hidiog. His own hoars were plainly numbered, and ft was more that evident that ho had only anticipated his rciid&atli; bveomo months. I bsw him tho noxt day, and ho told mo in a few brlor words tho story of his supposed death and burial. 44 1 am being severely punishod now," ho said, "for tho ono great Bin of my life. I Am a solicitor by profession, and whon a young man was tompteJ to npprupriato some trust fundi— hoping, liko many another had dono before mo, to replace the money before the loss waa discovered. I married, and had a hippy homo. My wife and I were dovotodiy attocbod to eacn other. 1 won not strong, and more than ono physloian told m<i that 1 was tkrontcnod with a sorious pulmonary affection. About eight mouths ago tho blow which I never looked for fell. I need not enter Into particulars. Suffice it to my that I was expected to deliver ovor Ll'2,000, the amount ot oerUin trusts committed to mo, to their rightful owuors within three months' timo. Ir I failed to ronliso this tnouoy, im prisonment, dishouor, ruio, would be mino. My wife and child would also bo roducod to beggary, 1 bad effiutcd an Insurance 011 my lifo fur fifteen thousand pounds. If this sum oould bo realisod, it would coror tho deficit iu tho trust, und also leave a email overplus for tho uso of my wifo ond daughter. I kuow that my days were practically numbered, aud it did not strike too as a particularly heinous crime to fore stall my death by a few months. I talkod tho matter over w Ith my wifs, end at last got hor to consent to holp mo. Wo mumigod everything clovorly, and uot a soul snapoctcd the fraud whtoli waa praotisod nu tho world. Our old servants who had lived with us for yoars, weroeeutaway oaa holiday. Wobad no servant in tho house except a oharwoman, who oamo iu for u certain number of hours daily." " Vou managed your suppoeod dying condition with great skill," 1 anawored. 44 That hemorrhage, tho ghoitly expression of your face, were sufficiently real to deceive oven a keen and clover man ilko Mackenzie.'' Houtbooto fctniled grimly, 44 After all," ho said, 4,iho frond was simple onough. I took nu ometio, whioh I know would produco tho cadaverous huo of approaching death, and tho snpposed hotnorrhano was managod with eoroo bullock' blood. I got It from a distant butcher, tolling him that 1 wanted it to mix with meal to food my dogs with." ' 0 44 And bow dt<l you deceive tbo under takers mou ?" 1 naked. 44 My wifo insisted on keeping my faco covered, aud I managod to simulate rigidity. As to tho necessary eoldnchs, I waa cold enough lying with only a sheet over we. Alter I was placed iu the ooffin my wifo would not allow auyono to outer the room but herself ; sbo brought mo food, of aoaree. Wo bored holes, too, in tho coffin lid. Still, I shall novor forgot tho awful five mluutes during which I was scrowod down. 44 It was all managed withgrcatoxpodltion. As soon as over the undertaker's men could bo got odtof tho way, my wife unwrewed tho coffin and roloAsod mo. Wo then filled it with bags of flour, whioh wo had already secured aud hidden for tho purpoeo. My supposed funeral took placo with duo honors. I left tho houso that uight, intending to ship to America. Had I dono this, tho appalling conscqucnauH whioh ltavo now ended in tho deutb of my wifo might never have taken placo, but at tho olovonth hour, my courage lailod mo. I oould do muoh to nhiold my wifo and child, hnt 1' could not endure tho thought of novor seoing them again, Con trary to all my wife's entreaties, I insisted on coming into thu garden, for tho selfish pIcnHUro of catchiug oven a glimpre of Gab- Hollo' a llttlo figure, as nho moved about her ludroom. Sho uxw mo ouoo, but 1 oscaped through tho shrubbery nud by a door which wc kept on purpose unlookod, before she reached mo. I thought 1 would novor Again transgress, but onoo more tho temptation assailod mo, and I wua not proof against it. My health faiiod rapidly. 1 was really dyiog, and ou tho morning whon my wifo's illuiMi began, bad suffered from a gonniuo and very sharp attack of hemorrhage, bho found me iu tho wretched lodging whore 1 was hiding in h hWIo of oomplcfo misery, and almost destitution. Something in tuy appearance scouted suddeuly to mako bet lose alt self-eonttol. 4 4 4 iloraoo,' sho oxclaimod, 4 1 cannotfitaQd this. When yon die, 1 will dio. Wo will carry our eliatno aud our sorrow and our unhappy lovo into the grave, whoro no man can follow uh. When you dio, I will dio. Oh. to eco you liko tills drivo me mad !' 14 Sho loft mo. Sho tol>l mo whon 1 row hor during thoso last fow momenta yesterday, that ebohnd hoatoned bt>r end by a powerful dose of Indian houin. 'J hat in tho story. 1 know flint I huvo lafd myself opou to criminal pro secution of tho gruvott character, but 1 do not think I shull Hvo to go through it." Iloathooto woh right, llo pntaod away that ovoning quito quiotly in his sleep. l'oor liltlo Gabriollo I I saw hor anco place hor parcnta' death, hut it is now a oouplo of years rineo i havo hourd anything about hor. Will oho over got over tho sovere shock to which alio was fcubjeotod ? What doe tho future hold in store for her ? I can not answer these nuestious. Timo aiono can do that.— " Htrund Magazino." 