THE PLAGUE IN CHINA. TuE cause of the terrible outbreak of "black plague" in Hongkong, Canton, and other parts of China is not far to seek. It is evi dently the result of filth, to which is due a very large number of the ills to which flesh is heir to. It is very deadly in its attack, for people who set out on a journey appar ently in health are found dead or dying in the streets. It is evidently quicker in its effects than cholera, which makes very short work ?of its victims. The sanitary state of the native quarter of Hongkong must be very bad indeed, when even swarms of rats are forced to crawl out of their hiding places prior to giving up the ghost. Such a state of affairs is not at all creditable to the British authorities, who ought to exercise to the utmost the paternal powers with which they have been entrusted in order to compe the Chinese to take such steps as are manifestly necessary for the preservation of their health and lives. It was re cently rumoured that the British were contemplating the burning down of the native quarter, and that the Chinese, be lieving the lie which. has been spread abroad, threatoen reprisals. Sir WeIas I BX RoncsoN, the Governor of the colony, has something else to do than to add a confligration to a plague. Nevertho!oss, a first-class fire or a raging typhoon in certain parts of Hong kong, would, from all accounts, bh regarded at present as blesings in disguise. It is stated that about 2000 deaths have occurred in the settlement, and that the people are flocing panic-strioken from the place. It is accordingly feared that these fugitives will carry the plague germns with them, with a result frightful to contemplato in a terribly crowded country like China. The effects of disease may be a natural com pensation for over-population; but it is not comforting to know that such things are happening only a fortmnght's journey by steam from these shores, and that steamers ply regularly between the seat of the pesti lence and the largest cities of Australusia. The health authorities here are fully aware of the responsibility of their position at the present crisis. B3ut every care should be taken by the local authorities of Australian towns that the powers placed in their hands for the maintenance of cleanliness should be most rigorously enforced. 