WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mbs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main Street. Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the Theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas bur ning, however, in the front parlor. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlor the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the mid dle of the room 6tood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of liis face was con cealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His sliirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women «creams ing from the room, and wiiv.u came in five minutes later he found no ene in the parlor and all the doors and window securely locked. What was it the women saw? ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, ' I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed lilc the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Vet I did, am in per fect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' = No doubt it was the nerves. Why there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of coneition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Eoad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as follows : — '? 7 was to dread fully nevvtms I could not bear anyone in the room with me yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1S89. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor sain he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and Isone. Ify memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I bad given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth,, called and asked me what I was talang. She told me she was herself once jnst as badly ofi, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As 6he seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness haa left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and ne rvous prostra tion. The original cause was grief a.Tni shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the diges tion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be yo ir opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigels Svrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 