POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. RT ScOltEIt. " IJ00K out for squalls '." Tliat is about ;ny forecast, I don't know whether you feel inclined to accept me as a kind of political Ellery or Wragge, and, what is more, I am doubtful if I can accept myself in that capacity. .411 meteorologists are liable to get a bit wrong now and then, and, therefore, L cau claim some, indulgence as well as Mr. Ellery. But as far as 1 can reid the signs of the times, you may tRke that it is time to " Look out for squalls !" Hitherto the Patterson Government haB lived on Retrenchment and—Promises. The lietrenchment card is nearly played. The Premier lias nothing else except—words. The Patterson Government was to set the stopped wheels of commerce and industry going again. The stagnation is greater now than wlion the Premier came into office. Why is this? Because nothing whatever has been done beyond the toy movement of M'lntyre in village settlement. Surely a Government has a duty under circumstances such as this. Kighteea months ago we were promised a new Banking Bill. We have not seen it. Why ? Because Patterson has no policy nor the capacity to frame one, save the tag-ends of his predecessor's. This is the sort of talk one meets in most places now amongst politicians both in and out of Parliament. It means something. I'll tell you what I think it docs mean. There will soon be a most determined demand for a calling together of Parliament. The cry has commenced. It Mill grow. There is reason behind it. There is an immense amount of legislative work to do, and no time to do it in, if the ordinary course be followed. Supposing the House is to meet in May or June next, the Governor's sjreech, the Budget, the Railway lieform and a Charities Bill will mop up the whole session again, and Parliament will go out with all its iemedial work undone. We are not willing to go on in this way any longer. There are great questions in the air. They want time to consider them. The railway policy of the future requites careful and calm discussion. That is one thing, and it requires lo.be dealt with at once—that is another. Thequestion of a State Bank of Issue to supersede all the present banks in that department of business is a crying necessity of the time. That is not a new policy, because it •was discussed last year, and the Treasurer expressed himself in favour of it, but the Cabinet has never considered it, Vet on this depends tho initial impulre which is wanted to give our industry a fresh start. " But none of these questions are intended to be dealt with by the Cabinet," said a politician to ine. That is so. And that is the key of the position. The community is getting tired out by the interminable delay aud doing no work—by the stagnation in trade, and the intensifying of the famine in money. We want money circulated, new railways made, our London trade developed, and the people set to work. And the Government has not so much as the ghost of a policy, save, to send home a man like Gillies, who, ot all others, is the must useless for the requirements in London. Mr. Patterson thought he was astute in getting rid of Mr. Gillies. He has raised up a host of critics over a transaction -which was palpably a job at the expense of tho country's dearest interests. In this backward wash of the waters there is universal discontent. The cry rises for Parliament to meet. "I will join that movement,'' says the ex-Solicitor-General. Mr. Isaacs, 1 hear, is even now patting the finishing touches to a speech which is intended to strike the key-note of a general movement againstthe Government. Them are meetings in the various suburbs, all demanding the meeting of Parliament. The A ye demands: it. Then we come to this position : If the Government stubbornly refuse that meeting, it: means a mighty Opposition when tho inevitable meetiDg comes in .lime. If Mr. Patterson lields, and the Parliament is called to meet, in March — anything may happen—a Government' defeat ami a dissolution. But no mnn can see beyond the next appeal to the country. There are Mgns everywhere of a political cleavage when Liberal will herd with Liberal and Conservative with Conservative. In those days, there will he more open war, but less insidious intrigue ai.d subtle conspiracy. The politicians who wont to see Mr. (iillies i-.iT the other day seemed relieved when the ship east off with him. Ho has been a centre t.>f trouble for years. There never emanated from him a rav of new light—a gleam of resourceful intelligence - or a single suggestion to meet any great emergency. He was always the drag wheel on the coach, the brake on the wheel, ihe wet blanket on the flame. These tilings are all well in their places. But the very worst thing at this juncture is the drag, the break, the wet blanket. We want hope, energy, vim, impulse. Mr. Gillies was the opposite of all these. Ho was the woist State gambler in the boom time, the most qnresourceful counsellor in the collapse. He is gone and, as one of his friends said as he tin ned on the pier—"Thank heaven, the trouble's over." But let not Mr. Patterson rejoice. 'There will be a curious drawinsr together. You will Deakin and Best, and Isaacs and,Geo. Turner all very soon in confab. Fancy what that means. Four lawyers—all young,all ardent,all reformers —all with views, visions and dreams of coming possibilities. I confess I don't like this eonjunction of the lawyers ; but there it is, and some of them at least are men who inspire general confidence. Then, superfluous lagging oil the s 'ene there is the veteran Kuight of the Sugarloaf. lie is too old to take any part iu an active campaign. All his friends recognise this.' He himself is the only one who refuses to understand himself to be in the WRV. I am sorely afraid that he will be soon made to feel it. I doubt if he will ever find a constituency to send him back to Parliament, and even if he does, it .will be only out of commiseration for helplessness. But tile countrv wants the very opposite to this just now in its public men. It wants men of resource, of ideas, of vigour, of work. A1 such a time what plac has Sir Graham in the great scheme ? It is not, my dear PUNCH, that I have THE smallest feeling against the old man. But I have more regard tor the- country than to sacrilicu it in personal favour,as Mr. Patterson did when he appointed Mr. Gillies as Agent-General. When the coach-track lies over rough roaiL-, amidst stumps. rock6 and morasses, tin? driver needs tn have a firm hand and a sure eye. We want Etrong men now with their wits about them. Sir Graham used to be a strong man twenty years ago when he had brainy men about, him to charge Ins intellectual carbine with good txplosive matter; but left to himself as he is now, he is mentally destitute as well as physically run down. THE " Recollections of Fre.dk. Leslie," by AY. T. Vincent, have already appeared in London. Two chapters are entirely devoted to accounts of the late actor's visit to Australia. Kxtra -ts from friendly letters show the man to have been of a most genial and kindly disposition. OLD Sir Harry Verney, who lias just died in England, as the cables inform us, married tin? sister of Miss Florence Nightingale, the justly famous heroine of the Crimea. The A <n, curiously forgetful, says that Sir Harry's son and heir is the Member of Parliament for North Buckinghamshire, lie used to be; but Captain Verney lost his seat and found a prison cell, for a particularly disgraceful offence, two years ago. The new baronet, in fact, has blotted "the family escutcheon. Six young ladies, each wearing a white ehry" santhemum, created much comment by serviii"' as pall-bearers at tho funeral of a Mrs. James M'Given, manageress of a local shorthand sclim i at Tacorna. The girls' study class had chu-ee i f the fnneral services, and the pail-hearers weie members ot it. On the way to the church the young lady pall- bearers walked behind the mourners, and continued in charge of the remains until after the interment. We are getting on. It, will materially lessen the disinclination to"part with this life when we know that some lovely creature in a Directoire dress will attend to our cremation, and throw on an extra sluvel of coke in else we should get chilly. 