THE Kyneton Guardian remarks that at the West Bourke show luncheon the feeling of the majority of the audience was averse to urging the Ministry to call Parliament together early because the desire was to give the Ministry a "free hand." The feeling at such gatherings as the above is the very old one of class superiority or cleavage the big pots against the little pots. The West Bourke auditors had in their minds that " the trades" want an early sitting of Parliament, and consequently they (the show luncheonists) did not want it. Lord Salisbury recently told the Duke of Devonshire that a certain proposal made by the latter would lead to veiled "civil war," by ieans of evictions, &c.; As a matter of fact the whole civilisation is veiled civil war at present. People don't seem to see it, any more than the deposition of Louis Phillipe in 1848 was foreseen, but the same causes are at work now as then. The Argus quotes with approval a speech by an American senator in favour of Freetrade, whicl is all very well as a form of Collectivism if duly dominated by the State; otherwise it becomes Anarchy. This senator very truly said that-" Not yet, in all the world, have men advanced to that point where the government is operated exclusively and evenly ir the interest of all the governed. That is the goal of perfect freedom." Of course it is, but Freetrade alone will never reach it; nor Protection either. 'the latter is a feeble gnroping after it, jest as all forms of co-operation are, but its limits are seen reached, and nothing but elevatingr cisc State to dominant control of all industrial enterprise assd production will ever enaisle men to "advance to that, point whlere the grovernment is op'erated exclusively and evenly in the interest of all thle governed." Thle ax treine denseness or darkness of krnow ledge upon this qluestionl vhich prevails in editorial'aud otlser governing direc tions is shown by a leadingr article in M\onday's Alrgus, where it is regarded as one svhich limits all mlen's ambitisl to earningo a fixed malximum salary of £500 p'er anlnum. Even if it did, tlsalt would be a vast improvement open present conditions, but it would do very much more than thaut. W~e do net pro pose to gno into the question now at any length, hut ;vill merely remark tisat every argrument in thle Ar·gus leader is based upon the principlels which upheld slavery and feudalisne. They had to go, although it w thoseht that Civil isation was divinely based upon them. So will thle present wr~etched Individ ualism hav-e to go, based as it is upon solfishness, tempered (or aided) by the rs,·*l..sa-.t c.,,,t. thle 3a5..e raaoce p.l-s cipie, and other forms of spurious Col lectivism thle evil effects of which have brought thle world to-day· to general discontent, alarmingr instability· of values, and enorneous cumulative finan cial hardens public and Isricato; and yet not one of the hundred eyes can see these r~esults. Evorytlsing is in the best possible condition if people will only accept their prop~er stations, &e.; There will be races at Myrnmiongr and athletic sports at Ballan on Easter M\on. day'. The rainfall at Bacelsus Manrsh on Tues day afternoon and duringr the nigistl amounted to 81 points. This has been sufficient to start tle grass, and a further fall of rain is much reqluired. A cricket match -aill be played in Mad dingle~y Park on Good F~riday between Beechus Marsh and Vorick teassis. Play to commelnce at 1.80. Live hledges obstructingr the pathway are a nuisance in several parts of Bancehus Iiarlnsl. This is tile way else Glenlyon Council deals with tiesm:--Cr. liesgis said witis regard to the removal of live hedges, the Coulncil had guise to a goo0d deal of trouble in the snatter, but there seemed to be little notice takten of tise advertise. monte. He th~ouglt the Council shlould have else hedges cu~t at th~e expense of the owners.-This was agreed to--susficient notice to be given to the offenders. 55je leave received the following f-oun the MIining Department: - lesnits of boring operations of d~iamond drill No. SL., bore N~o. 2, employed at MoIlten Park, M\elton, for two days ended 18thl M\arcl, 1804 --Surface clay, 8.8; Sand. stone boulders, 7.6; sandy drift, 8.8; sandy clay, 0.6; cemented drift, 8.4; waslidirt and pipeclay, 0.8; slate reef, 5.6; total depth bored, 81 feet. At the M\elbourne University ose Satur day afternoon last the degoree of M\aster of Arts was conferred upon M~r. Lawrence Mrr. Edward Chlerry, of Gishorne, received th~e degree of MIaster of Sin-goery. Tue Baccisuss M\acole Debating Society snot on Tuesday evening, when she Boy. J. A. Stuart, President, delivered an address pointing out the advasetagos of esucel Societies in traiseing thle suesebero is else rules of debate, ansong otleer things. He enlargeda uposa the receset finasecial troutbles, and mlade various suggxestions, chiefly of a "do not haste to he rich' character, for avoidiseg their repetition. He thouglet the bankls might be allowed larger latitude in regard2 to their reserv'e funds by beingr required to keep ass avera~oe amount and net a fixed reserve.-Thee Rev. II. Martin, iii proposiseg a vote of tisanks for the? paper, advocated a Gov- ern neent inspection of all financial isestitntions similar to tisat exercised in America over insurance companies.-The subject of debate for next meeting -aas fixed to be -"Should else House of Lords he abel ished'" The folio-a-lg prices were obtained by the puplls of the Sisters of St. Joseph at the W~est Boserke show :-Plsin needle work-let, Bridget Vaughen; 2nd, Han nah Green. Crewel work-lest, Nellie Seerey. M~ary Foevler, recemmendod a special prize for fancy work. Mr. Robert Watson, father of Cr. James Watson, of Parwan, died at Morwell, Gippsland, on Friday last, aged 73. He had been paralysed in the legs for about eight years past, but otherwise enjoyed fair health. He resided in Parwan from 1867 to 1876, and prior to that had been farming at Coghill's creek from about 1855\. He landed in Sydney from Scot- land in 1844, and was attracted to Victoria by the gold discoveries at Ballarat in 1852. Deceased has left a widow and nine sons and daughters. Last year he composed the following lines in commeration of his golden wedding day, which anniversary occurred on September 26th, 1893:- We've baith been spared to see our Golden Wed- ding Day. A seery Ce"se iue piviieced before leetis esnla s esn As is 11.500 sssiy sea esri~e usre Cs eck-esine useSt Ta H~iss siss geve as ieeoib 55 desa wfe ereseei eereosceli 5u esiee. it's eus silsty yeses sincee we iet said eSctiers sissee, fOetesee lOth). Aedl isaded sa~s is Cydneey Cs Jeasery~ Isety-Cese werve bud ear use sasi deusa sad tesabiea us eat eec Ieieveaiy Fethee caided as, sadB ied as aselei Ciseusels. eli tssrgithser, AedB wesy hsppg- days and siebtase incespot wi' see seither. we've bed seer fsya - sd aereess, bat Ray sreen ssise' tisegitluer, Far seiicis seo bambiy Cissais the Lard-C~isseerey list pus thle seese is eisaaeesi eSiesee recess enl To iseis issai sad thida ussa, Ct ieois amest iibs a ,iresnsu Sise sles seei5l rest is ehisi, sysse see ,"s'ml toddie dees tise Free, Aed sires, sue eeeeceisiir at Cisc 5eet Ciii Cisc SasS neeeessienoy· a. itoserwoeses. The Eureka Miseisiglr lease, ait Coisuadal, was sold ose Tuesday by the Sheriff to Mlr. Janies Bsirke for £8B. The concert held in the M~ecissuice' In stitute on 1-riday· evening of last week in aid of thre Sta~te school price fund was very well attended, and else prograsessue gaveo great satisfaction. Tise Chairsisan, Mlr. C. Muthsoseey, J.j5., did nut slotaise tire asitiessco long, bsst siserely mesetiuseed tsaLt lee wits glad to see so large an attendance iii aid of so Iladieble ass object. M\iss Walrus played a piaseoforte overture, after whsielt tise elder girls ased boys eseg, "'risle Meountaise MaZid's Isevitatiuss" very uvehl isideed, tiso tone heisig accurate and musical, ased fairly lossul. M~iss WTalcot SILtug "Tise Lust Ciurl 011;'' sied these the y'oungner cheildren saseg an action son" cellest MIunsey·," which was encored. Mbr. Buns wets welcomed with applause when he sang " Good Rhine Wine." The very old duet "Larboard Watch," was done justice to by Messrs. W. Barker and H. A. Aubinson, who kept excellent time together. Mir. WV. Barker, jun., sang "The bandit," which was deservedly en cored, and he possesses a pleasing bass voice, with some sensational lower notes. He sang " The Friar of orders grey." Mr. F. Barker sang "The Shopwalker," and was encored. Mr. Leigh Harris sang " The Erl King," very well indeed. Mr. V. Barker, sen., sang " A Hundred Fathoms deep;" followed by Mr. W. Barker, who sang " In cellar deep," in which his lower notes were again most effective, aided by a particularly well played accompaniment. An encore was responded to. The children again appeared in " Gaily sing," which was good, but rather too short. Dr. Strahan sang " The Yeoman's Wedding," and then the children sang " The bird and the letter," also too short, and were encored. " Simon the Cellarer" by Mr. Bona was encored, and lie sang "Louisa," which always gives satisfaction. Miss Manly gave a clear and correct rendering of " The Kerry dance;" and Mrs. Ramsey and Miss Dickie sang " The reign of the roses." Mr. F. Barker sang " Golden Kippers," which is not a class of song which ought to be encouraged or admired, especially at a children's concert, but public taste calls for them, and a similar song was given in response to an encore, and was also en cored. Very great pains had been taken by Miss Creed and Miss Watts to train the children, who acquitted themselves re -nArkably oi , 1n a their purroram·soon should be given as the principal feature of the programme early in the evening. Mr. T. M. Thompson, the head teacher, took considerable trouble to achieve success, and secured the services of a competent Melbourne contingent of singers. Alto gether there has never been a more pleas ing concert given in thie hall. All the windows in the hall were kept closed. The following evening they were open too much. It is strange that this simple matter cannot be better regulated. It was unfortunate that the date selected for this concert made it immediately precede the St. Patrick's night concert. There ought to be an unwritten law that two concerts for any local object shall not be held in the same week. The St. Patrick's night concert suffered somewhat in attendance from tire cause just mentioned, and also from the fact that it was held on Saturday night, which is most unsuitable for such a purpose. In fact now it is seen that it might have been better to have held the concert and ball on Monday night, but there is a good deal to be said against breaking through the rule that St. Patrick's Day sports shall be followed by a concert. The attendance was large, but to our thinking tile pro gramme was disappointing, chiefly owing to the absence of the expected "star," Mr. Phil. Langdale, the bassoon player. No explanation was given of his absence. After a pianoforte overture by Mr. Latrobe Bateman, Mr. Hanstein sang "The Longshore-man," a good song of a " Midslipmite" character, to wlhich Mr. Hanstein's voice did every justice. Mr. Nixon sang "The Little Nipper," which he has given before, and it is a vulgar song on a vulgar subject. It was encored, of course, and " Mrs. Awkins" was given. Mr. Leigh Harris kindly consented to aid the programme, and sang " The Blue Alsatian Mountains," whicli was encored. Mr. Joseph Blascheck next gave a humorous recital of the four acts of a 'melodrama. This was very good, and tile best item of the evening. It was encored. Mr. P. Kennedy, who has a veiled tenor voice of the sweet metallic order, sang "Sally Scrivenor sang " Kathleen Mavourneen,'' and was encored. Mr. H. J. Thompson sang "Thle Grass Widower," and was encored. After an interval during which the prizes won at tile sports were dis tributed, Mr Hanstein sang " Off to Phila delphia." Mr. Nixon followed with "The Little Jap," which was encored. Mr. Harris sang " The Minstrel Boy," and for an encore " The Dream," where the Irish man eats the loaf. Miss Scrivenor gave an excellent rendering of " Sing at my window," which has a strong resemblance to " Sing, sweet bird," and was deservedly encored. Mr. Kennedy sang another song of lullaby character, called " With all her faults." Mr. Blashcheck gave an Irish recital of " Fenian Cat" character, and responded with " Ghosts." A comic song by Mr. Thompson " When the Missus is out," encored once or twice, closed the programme. A vote of thanks to the performers was moved by Mr. Mark Kyle, J.P., and a verse of " God save the Queen" was smug. Mr. T. Cain, J.P., acted as chairman. The Kyneton Guardian reports that on Friday, 16th inst., Mr. Stanford, of the firm of Powers, Rutherford, & Co., on account of Mr. Walter J. Clark, conducted a sale of land, live stock, and sundries at the home stead of Mr. Clark's " Summer Hill" farm, near Kyneton railway station. Theatten dance at the sale was numerous, but the prices realised on tle whole were not above the average of sales held in this district during the present season. Tile land was passed in for private sale after the bidding had reached £15 per acre without advance. The celebrated draught stallion Prince of Albyn was passed in for private sale after tihe biddings had reached 240 guineas with out advance. Southdown sheep were knocked down at prices ranging up to £4 4s. per head. Tihe blood stock realised up to 69 guineas, this figure being paid for thie thoroughbred stallion Original. Brood iimares sold up to 40 guineas. A large number of Ayrshire and other cattle, farm ing implements, furniture, and sundries sold at satisfactory prices, considering the prevailing dullness. A fire at Maddingley Cemetery on Sat- urday last has destroyed a good many of the wooden fences surrounding graves. Mr. Abraham Tracey, bootmaker, Bac- chus Marsh, died suddenly early on Sat- urday morning from failure of the heart's action, aged 68. Deceased had been ailing for some years with a bad leg, and for the past five months had not been able to work. On Friday last he was in his usual health of late, and conversed with Mr. W. Symington in his customary cheerful manner, one topic referred to being that Mr. Symington's father had died on St. Patrick's Day 28 years ago. Deceased was a native of Jersey, and as a boy learned boot-making, but afterwards went to sea, and found his way to Bacchus Marsh about 1850, where he opened a store near Leahy's hotel, now known as Hopetoun, and about 24 years ago he shifted to the present township. He was twice married, and a widow (who is an invalid) survives him. Miss Margaret Gardiner Cuthbertson, eldest daughter of the late Mr. James Cuthbertson, of Bacchus Marsh, has been appointed a Factory Inspector. At a meeting of the Bendigo Athletic Club it was reported thlat the receipts from the last Christmas sports amounted to £700, as against £400 for the previous year. They hlad spent about £200 on a bicycle track, and had given £50 to tle charities. As signs of the times the following remarks by leading politicians are note worthy. Mr. Trenwich, Ir.L.A., lecturing at Ballarat on Monday night, said that " thousands were starving in Victoria, not bacanas there waa a scarcity of food, but because there waa a superabundanca of it. It was apparsnt that the old systeml of government had broken down, and it waa neccasary that a new condition of tisings should be establiahcd. Thle workers con atituted 90 per cent of mankind, and the remaining 10 par cent. were thle wage pay·ers, for wisich class use Governments in the past lead generally legislated. The workers by tlseir votes lead the preponder ance of power, and if tissy did not~return to Parliassent representatives es-Io would furthler their interests, they wou~ld them selves only be to blame for tiseir low social status." M\r. Dearlcin, speaking in Wiesley churels, MeIlbounme, on Sunday afternoon, declared tisat "thlere was no future for *the State whirls ignored the condition of ties suasses of the people, and Ilsere was no futeere for tise churcle that persuitted the State to maintain that atti tude." Tise Arlg reports thlat a trial of M\r. T. IVT. Clark's patent gold saving enachine, known as the "MJiner's Friend," was made in ties presence of a esumber of gentlemen on Saturday afteresoon, at Kortle Fitzroy·. The results of tise trials, of whirls tisere wdre ileree, gave the spectators thle greatest satisfaction, and amply proved M~r. Cla~rk's statement regarding isis invention. Tise first trial consisted of the enixing of 61 grains of fine "old in 8 ccvi. of heavy gravel, whirls was passed th~rongle ties sue dulne in eighlt minutes, every grain of gold beinu saved. The second sasuple treated ver 55,se " uour geMlr, ,,s,, t5,o sesits of usia trial clearly sisowedi tes sesperi ority of tisis suachine, the gold being so fine? that tise greatest care lead to be used in panningr off the residese. Tule third sample consisted of Sdsvt. 2Sgr. of eastern Australian alluvial gold, all of eviich was cangist. Ties eacisine consists of a series of circular tables, to erhicis a reciprocating motion is imparted. On earls table thlere are a number of groves or catches. The alhevial to be treated is fed into a hopper fross tise centre, and, passing over tier top table, falls to use lower one, finally findings delivery toties taillng heap. 'riseenachine is eminently suitable for WTesterse Aus tralia or otiser dry cosuntries, and Isas been pronounced by experts to be ties beat muacisine invented for the purpose. In ties I-Louse of Coumnons on Tuesday nignlet thee Nasanl estisuetes scoer adopted. Tisese provide for an increace of £8,000,000 sepse tise essosunt expended asuseaully inl sisiphuilding during the last five years. Ties building prograunlee includes thee con struction of seven additional first- class hune-of-battle ships 'with a speed of 18 ktnots; six cruisers of 19 knots; and isro sleeps; wheilo provision is also sulade for increesiseg the navel force by 7i,000 sea men, end for devoting a smus of £2850,010 to fortify·ingr ties hmomse dockyvards. Sir WTilhiasa Maccourt, the M~inisterial leader in the House of Comusons, and Sir Ugietred Kay' Sheuttleworuls, ties Secretary to ties Adeicalty, gav-e strong assurances to ties House theat thee M\inistry score fully alive to the necessity of sesaimetaining the naval seepremacy of Great Britaime. A partial eclipse of ties esoon occeerred on WTednesday· night, and was visible theougheout Victorise. Only a vryr small pact of ties cusse eas covered by the sisadosv at the eniddie phase. The sky evas fsirhyI clear during most 6f ties eclipse, a good viesv of which eves therefore ob tained. 