THE NEW BISHOP OF GRAFTON. CONSECRATION AT ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. SERMOlf BY THE BISHOP OF GOULBURN. For the first time in tho history of Victoria tho ceremony of consecrating a bishop was per formed at St. Paul's Cathedral yesterday morn ing. The bishop elect was tho Venerable Archdeacon Green, M.A., LL.D., who has been elected to fill the vacant see of Grafton and Armidnie, in New South Wales, and the unique oharnotor of the oeremony served to nttrnet a crowded congregation. Every seat in tbe vast edifice was early occupied by ticket holders, and &b; many as could be accommodated woro allowed to stand. Tbo ceremony was carried out in accordance with tho formula in tho Prayer Book, tho only varia tion being that as thoro Is no archbishop in tho colony, tho senior bishop (Dr. Thornton, of Ballarat) wan called upon to officiate. Tho ceremony, which is a lengthy one, oponod with an imposing procession made up of all the ecclesiastical elements, from bishops to choir boys. Tho olergy of the dioceses of Ballarat, Melbourno and Grafton and Armidale assembled in strong force, 113 of them taking p£rt In tho piuucoaiuiu There were also present, in addition to tho Bishop elect, the Bishops of Baliatat, Rivorina, Melbourne, Adelaide, New castle iind Goulburn. The Bishop of North QucenHland had intonded to bo present, but was detained by the floods. At the con clusion of the processional hymn, tho senior bishop opened tho service of the Holy Com munion. The epistle takon from I Timothy, III., 1., was read by the Bishop, of Newcastle, and the gospel from St, John xxi., 15, was read by the Bishop of Melbourne. Then followed tho sermon preaohed by the Bishop of Goulburn. Tho sermon was based on a text taken from the Prayer Book version of Psalm xlvM 17: — "Instead of thy fathers thou shalt have chil dren whom thou mayest make princes in all lands." The prcaoher pointed out that the words set forth tbo law of Continuity and suc cession. It was a law whiob encouraged hope, and yet was not without its eloment of sadness. It wns a law of hope, beoauBo it enfoiced now responsibilities, and these new responsibilities arose from tbe cjoscd graves around them. It was this latter fact which gave tho touoh of sadness to tlie law of succession. As we looked back on tho history of more than 18 cen turies we found that the time of succession had again and again been a time of refreshing from the presence of tho Lord. At such a time in the history of their Australian Church they were mot that day. One of her own chlldron, reared in her bosom, instructed in hor Hohoois of learnfc ing, was being sent forth that day to take his place among those who wore tho chosen witnesses of tlio Lord's resur rection. He was being called to a plnoo in tbo Australian cpisoopate as tlio second Bishop ot Grafton and Armidnie. What his past had boon as a student, preacher, priest, pastor and ruicr somo of thein knew better than he (tbe sposkor). Words of commendation would be out of plaoo in that saorod house and on that solemn day. This only would ho say of him. It was he and such as he, diligent in the business of their oalling, whatever thoir calling mightbe,aiulfervontinrtpirit, who, as theswiftly passing years rolled on, were helping to mako truo tlio prophotic motto of his own university Poslcra crcscam laudc. It was from such as him, who loved Australia and tho Australian church, and had devoted to the aorvice of each their highest powers of iniod and body that we loarned to know the meaning of his eoliego motto, Pro ecclcsia pro patria. True patriotism and true churohmanship— tho two things went together. They were tho God inspired motives which had led their brother to yield up the happy and poacoful associations of an honored past to go into, to him, an unknown diocese. It was, as thoy know, not a well endowed see ; it was no post of learned leisure, no place of dignified ca«e that ho hnd conscuted to fill, and nearly 1000 miles would separate him from the friends whom he would havo to leavtr. A high position aud n good work no doubt awaited him, but the overmastering sense of personal responsibility which weighed upon tbe heart of every faithful bishop he would find to bo no light burden. He would know something of apostolio poverty, and eveu more it might be of apostolic anxiety, iu the care of ail tbe churoiies in his diocese. In days to come no doubt ninny a lingering glance would bo oast back to his pastorate at Bal larat, and the happy activities of oity life ns year by year ho continually journeyed over many a rough and weary mile, ovor vast unpeopled traots of hill, and forest and plain, with littlo entertainment save his own thoughts, with no true companionship save the presenco of the unseen Lord, and scant encouragement, it might be, save the joy of servioe. Hence- foith, instead of tlie place of a son in the Lord's house, ho would fill that of a father ; instead of waiting and watching for tho word nnd counsel of some trusted leader ho would hare himself to lead ; arduous tasks nnd difficult problems he would havo to face, as they arose, almost alone. Let them pray that he might indeed be a prince of God, that he might bravely do His work nnd win the title, "Well done !" Lot them make that- time of succession a time of intercession, of earnest united continual prayer that the vast and distant aud scnttcrcd diocese to which thoir brother was going might, under his min istry, be enriched with all tbe blessed fruits of God tho Holy Ghost. After the sermon Archdeacon Green was eon- ducted to the vestry, whence he reappeared later on attired in his rochet. The certificate of the new bishop's election by the synod of tho diocese, and tlie certificate of the confirmation of the same by tlie metropolitan and bishops of the province of New South Wales, having been demnnded by the senior bishop and read, the oath of canonical obedience was administered. The Litany was thmi road by the precentor, and at the conclusion of this tho bishop elect was asked and answered the usuaL questions of examination. Then he retired once more to the vestry, this time reappenriiig in his full opiscopal habit. , After various prayers nnd responses the consecration proper took place. Tho bishop olect kneeled in front of tho senior bishop, with the other bishops gathered round. While tho words of oonseorntion were uttered all tho bishops laid tbeir hands on the hcAd of the eleoted bishop. This having been concluded an offertory was taken up, nnd after wards the sacrament was administered to bishops, clergy aud laity, and the ceremony was at an end. 