AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL SKETCHES. No. VIII. [BY CENT, PER CENT.] I am somewhat ancient. Indeed I sometimes wonder how it is that I have not become fossilized. I never go near a man of antiquarian pursuits, for reasons best known to myself. Notwithstanding, I can boast of more than ordinary antiquity. Still I have a wonderful capacity for looking after the browns, if all, or half that is said about me is correct. My occupation is of a somewhat doubtful character, that is to say, it is difficult to ascertain what it really is. I occupy an office, or part of one, in a building which is put to various uses, particularly to holding entertainments. I not only occupy an office but I do a little business occasionally, which it were well if all who occupy offices could say. My business is in the money line, in which line all business should be—I wish it were so, for myself. However, I do not stop all day ia my offics. I like fresh air, and if you are a Portonian you must have seen me every day you traversed St. Vincent-street. I carry a stick, which is tbe best le& I've got. I walk—or rather, through infirmity, I have to hobble—at a pace characteristic of that animal so much talked about—the snail. A funeral would i ua rings round me. I am the ghost of the Institute, that is to say, I haunt it. However, I am a daylight ghost. I am not like the ghost of Hamlet's father, ' 1 for the day confined to fast in fires " ; perhaps it is because I have no " foul crimes to purge away." " Howe'er it be it seems to me " that I cannot keep away from tbe Institute. You can see what an extensive reader I am from the frequency with which I drop into poetry. I sometimes wonder ifj when I veritably tvalked the earth, I killed a Chinaman within the confines of that building. You know, the saying goes that you can't sleep if you kill a Chinaman. However, I am not very combative, although I belong to a hot-headed race. I come from a country where the people never see a picce of good beef from one year's end to another, except when it walkB about the fields of the gentry. As a substitute they have a mealy food called provincially " parritch." This and " haggis 1 ' constitute the bulk of their food, unlesB they happen to be rich, which privilege is unfortunately confined to a few. I must not forget, however, that certain classes of the community have a beverage which they call " whusky." This is a harmless drink, something similar to lemonade, yon know. A few years ago I went tome to the " land o' brither cakes "—I'm not sure of the accuracy of that quotation. I came back again, you may be sure. Live beef wasn't good enough for me. Besides " the bawbees are na sae plentiful." There are no spendthrifts there willing to borrow at my rates of interest. Besides, this climate suits me, and the people suit my pocket. Well, I'm fond of the bawbees, but I'm " na sae bad when ye get acquent, ye ken." I'm a quiet sort of man. I don't make a big show, and puff myself out for public admiration. I've got Shakespeare's crown, " 'tis called content," its gems are cent, per cent. That's the secret of my success—I have all I can get, and nothing less. AUCTION SALE.—On Wednesday next, at 11 a.m., Mr. L. Hains will sell, by instructions, on the premises of H. Simpson & Sous, McLaren Wharf, in the assigned estate of H. Simpson and Rons, valuablj property, comprising a large collection of marine stores and a galvanized office on Q'leen's Wharf. Further particulars are contained in an advertisement appearing els -where. STARR-BOWKETT CLOTHING CLUB.—In on advertisement appearing elsewhere, Messrs. Gardner & Bullock announce that they have started a clothing club on the Starr Bowkett principle. The subscription pe r member is one shilling and sixpence per week, and the first ballot is to take place on the fourth week from the start of the •society. 