BRINGING IN THE SHEAVES. At the present moment, when the spirit of excitement has brooded over the re ligious world, when Mr. McNeill has just finished his mission in this city, and Mr. Cook has just opened his, many people will doubtless be asking serious questions as to the probable and and final results of these things, and indeed as to the value of such missions generally, and of evangelistic work in particular. The theme is an old one, and probably it haB been threshed out to the satisfaction or some people ; but old as it is, it is always recurring, it never grows old, and it constantly gives rise to various and manifold opinions. It does seem as though these things were needed, partly to stir up the churches, but in greater part to rouse the attention of the people, and to break into waves and ripples the leaden waters of the dead sea of stolid indif ference. These services, too, are fre quently of great use in bringing young people to decision. There are in all our Churches boys and girls, young men and maidens, who from their in fancy have been Burrounded by religi oas influences, but who have never experienced the sweet consciousness of personal salvation. They hang on the outskirts of the kingdom, but have never passed through the gates into the city of G-od. In many cases they seem to wait for time and opportunity. This, of course, is a false and foolish position. God's time is always now, and God's opportunities are never to seek, they are always with us. Nevertheless, it is certainly true that many young people who have been under conviction for months and even years past, do em brace the opportunity presented by some stirring evangelistic service, and yield themselves to Christ. . This in its self is worth very much to the Church ; and we are hoping to see a general breaking up of prejudice and indiffer ence ; a great surrender of self and sin ; and multitudinous acts of genuine and whole hearted consecration to the service of Christ. But there are many good people who are perpetually asking, Why cannot we have such times always? 'Why cannot we have a continual Pentecost ? And because such times are not always, and Pentecost does not come every day, they set up a wail of wonder, and cast the blame on ministers and churches. And, moreover, such people are not slow to express their opinion that things are not as they ought to be ; that the times are degenerate, and things generally out of joint. But these good people utterly ignore the fact that in the realm of grace, as well as in the realm of nature, the reign of law is operative everywhere. In the natural world it is not always spring, and for the most part we garner the fruits of the earth but once a year. And whilst we confess that the analogy is not perfect, yet the naked facts of history seem certainly to teach us that there are times and seasons even in the realm of grace. And after all, Pente cost was not so much a great revival, as a great harvesting. With the outpour ing of the Holy Ghost, God willed that His Church should reap the harvest of that precious seed which our Lord had sown during the three years of His earthly ministry. . The life of Christ was not a life or reaping, but of sowing ; and the truths He taught were the living seed of which Pentecost was the harvest. And it is a fact which cannot be too Btrongly insisted upon, that there can be no reaping and no joy of harvest where there has been no sowing. And even when the precious seeds of truth are sown in the hearts of men, they often seem to lie dormant. In many cases it takes months and in others years bo fore the seeds grow and ripen into the fruits of harvest. In the Church of God it is the sheerest folly to underrate the work of the sower. That work is of the greatest importance, for without it there would be no reaping, and the joys of harvest would never come. But that work is slow work, and we should never lose sight of the fact that no harvest is sudden. It is always the result of pre vious processes of preparation which are never capricious. These processes are often hidden, the forces of pro duction work slowly and silently ; but they do work nevertheless, and in due time the results are open and manifest. It is so in the spiritual life, and when we see some great npiritual reaper at work gathering in the sheaves oi har vest, and bringing a multitude of souls to decision, we may be sure that many unseen but mighty influences have been at work to make such a glorious har vest possible. ' Thrice blest is he, to whom is given The instinct that can tell ; That God is on the field, when He Is most invisible.' It will be noticed from a paragraph in another part of this issue, that Dr. Sellors has accepted nomination for re-appointment as General Secretary of the Sustentation and Extension Society. This news will be generally received with pleasure and satisfaction. We understand that it is the present inten tion of Dr. Sellors to visit England in 1897 if spared, and that consequently his tenure of office will not be pro- ' longed beyond the ensuing two years. The Dr. also accepts the re-appointmenc at a reduced salary, in accordance with the retrenching spirit of the times. Our good friend Mr. Picton, who is well known as a skilful debater on con troversial topics and a valiant defender of the faith once delivered to the saints, has recently been debating with some of the Christadelphians at Leichhardt. He challenged them on their own ground, and debated the subject of conditional immortality. The Christa delphians do not believe in the natural immortality of man; but that immor tality is to be bestowed upon the faithful when Christ returns. It is needless to say that with the Scriptures at his back, Mr. Picton had a good time. However people can be deluded with the doctrine of conditional immor- tality, when the New Testament Scrip tures are open to all, is a myatery to us. But we suppose there are those now, as in Apostolic days, who are carried about with every kind of' doctrine. Mr. Picton is doing a good work in combating error, and we wish him abundant success. We regret to learn that the Rev. W. P. Wells has heen very seriously ill, and that his. son, Mr/Edward Wells, is said to be in a precarious state of health. According to Ziou's Herald, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Varley, the distinguished England evan gelists, intend to sail from London for Australia in November. The first self-supporting Methodist mission ary sent out under the auspices of the Woman's Foreign Missionary Society will goto China. She goes as a substitute of a young lady at home who pays her entire expenses. Mr. H. G. Picton, the well-known Anti Infidel lecturer, is about to deliver a course of lectures on Theosophy. We understand that he also intends to take up the subject of Spiritualism presently. Newington College invites the attendance of its friends and well-wishers at its garden fe'ce next week, in celebration of the opening ' the cricket lawn and swimming baths. Par- ' ticulars will be found in our advertising columns. The following corrections should be read in Mr. C. B. Fidler's article in our last issue : — . 'the imagined Conference on Death,' without italics ; ' she draws back the curtain of the soul.' nof» 'souls' ; ' the sense of worlds un realised,' not ' of the world's unrealised.' Friends will kindiy note the special arrange ments made by the Central Mission for a grand Camp Meeting on Friday next. A lengthy notice of the same appears in our advertising columns, to which we desire to direct attention. Given fine weather, the affair is bound to be a great success. The healthy glow disappearing from the cheek, and moaning and restlessness at night, are sure Byrnptorns of wonnsdn child ren. Do not fail to get a bottle of'Mother ' Graves' Worm Exterminator ; it. is an effec tual medicine. 