marriageable maidens. [Jj'kom The Lady.'] The modern mother finds herself face to face with a difficult and complex problem when she considers the best mode of action by which to secure a happy future for her daughter. Many maidens of to-day deem that this is a matter which they can well settle for themselves without any maternal influence; but the mother, the loving, domesticated, and, perhaps, narrow-minded mother, looks forward yearningly to a suitable marriage for her dear one; and, as the years roll on, and the daughter remains an " un appropriated blessing," she wonders mournfully why the clever and attractive Edith has not found a partner for life. And the primary cause is the training of the daughter, for which mother and child are alike to blame. Consider the life of a girl belonging to the upper middle class from the age of eighteen to twenty-eight; it is a careless, selfish and irrespon sible epoch, in which the daughter studies her own convenience and pleasure solely, and the mother, by foolish indulgence, aids and abets her. Once a girl is free from the trammels of the schoolroom, and is fully fledged in society, nothing is denied her. She may lie late in bed, or, perchance, take her breakfast there, the while she skims a novel belonging to the "new" order of fiction. Her day is compassed with no single duty save to look her best and enjoy her life. There is time in such an existence for the ugly weeds of jealousy, thoughtless, unkind chatter, and even free behavior to take root and flourish. Then, perhaps, some young man of modest means comes along and offers his heart and hand to the daughter. As a single girl she is free from all responsibility. She has not to consider ways and means, paterfamilias never refuses to make the dress cheque bigger if desired, and she has few wishes ungratified. If she marries, her suitor can only offer her a much smaller home than that: to which she has been accustomed 3 a restricted income, probably 5 and the sweet yet solemn duties of wife, and later, oftimes, those of mother. The prospect does not appeal very keenly to the egotistical maiden, and as the life she is living only teaches her to love herself before anyone else, the would-be lover receives his conyi, and the mother is again disappointed. Another olass of girl, fed by the "new" play and the " new" novel cannot make up her mind to wed, because of the grisly skeletons for which she has been tutored to seek in a man's past. To attempt to deny that there is very often much in the bachelor life of a man that is highly reprehensible would indeed be idle 5 but that the girl brings herself or her future husband happiness or contentment by raking up old scores is a futile fancy. After all, a modern woman can hardly hope to educate her lover, seeing he may have lived long before he ever met her; it is enough if he is in the present ready to fulfil her wishes. We take it that the parents of a girl, whose position and experience give them a much better chance of judging, will.gertainly ascer tain whether the man is a worthy ■ suitor, and if they deem him so, surely it is unfair and'unwise foiv a girl to pry into every.past episode.' Tn'sp'ite of the literature on which ,she has been fed, the en vironment (by which she is,: happily for 'herself, surrounded) debars her from forming a fair and un prejudiced judgment; and, again, hapxnly, a man's passions and a mail's temptations are unknown to her. But, with an Imagination that has been-un healthily reared, that has been taught to look for evil (even where it may not be), the modern girl rushes in where angels fear to tread, and the pure, warm love whioh, coming from a fresh, innooent heart, is a safeguard to many a mah, is denied her lover. Unless the suitor comes hp'to that standard of virtue as shown in the hero 'of oertain .feminine and one-sided novels, she will have none of him. In this self-appointed orusade the modern maid forgets that, in refusing a man's love, she is losing her best chance of influencing the opposite sex. By her own actions and her own life she oan raise'the man to the standard desired 5 and later on, as a mothoi', hers is the best oliance of bringing up a boy so that, as the years roll by, he may develop into [her ideal -man Thus it comes to pass that the fin-dc-sieclc wooers are faring very hardly. The girl with a soul fears she will he unequally mated, and dreads that her lofty aspirations will be dragged down; in conse quence of which she deprives herself of the oppor tunity of contrasting her theoretical standard with the gentler, more loving, and less intolerant one that experience sets up. The butterfly girl finds marriage not so attractive as a single life, and the bread-winner, the independent girl—who in the long run oft proves the best helpmeet of all—naturally ■ enough will not wed unless she encounters the man whom she can truly love, and, having had a suflici eney of hard work, and learnt the lesson of effacing self, such a modern maid has the best chance of making a wise choice. Meanwhile the happy years of early womanhood, when all the world is kind, roll by, and the Rubicon of thirty is crossed. Then it is that the single girl awakes to the knowledge of what she has lost, or is losing—the pleasant duties of house-mistress, with husband aud children to consider, are denied her, and she sighs for the clinging touch of baby fingers, and the mother-love in whose train follow so many noble qualities. If the daughter sees her mistake in time, and is able to rectify it, a happy and useful life may still await her. But what is needed to render girls desirable wives should be taught them from their earliest years. Marriage need not be made the goal for which they must strive and strain, but unselfishness, love of home, domestic tastes, tolerance and tact must form part of a daughter's education; and then, if a mother be wise, she will see that a girl's imagination is fed on pure, ennobling literature, and that her serene, attractive innocence is not irrecoverably swept away. Then it will come to pass that men, influenced by the purity and sweetness of the woman they seek to wed, will consciously and unconsciously struggle to fulfil the maiden's highest aspiration, and when united to a high- thinking, loving, large-hearted wife, will thankfully acknowledge that they have won a prize " far above rubies." Mr. Norman Chancellor, who left Brisbane by the Aramac for Rockhampton last week to take up . his new duties as mine manager and metallurgist, near Mount Morgan, is a Brisbane Grammar School boy who distinguished himself in several branches of his profession at the School of Mines, Ballarat. Mrs. Chancellor will join her husband in a few weeks. The Philatelic Society of Victoria held their first public exhibition of postage stamps in the dining-hall of the Vienna Caf6 on Saturday. The exhibits were arranged in about 150 frames, and included/cic similes of several obsolete varieties now highly prized. The collection shown by the Victorian Postal Department contained examples of all the denominations issued, including a duty stamp of .£500. The United States varieties showed portraits of all the Presidents from George Washington to Grover Cleveland. The Colonial collections were specially noteworthy for ■their completeness. Mr. David H. Hill, the president of the society, was the largest exhibitor, and amongst other notable collections were those of Messrs. Brettschneider, A. S. A. Wheeler, C. B. Donne and A. J. Friedman. The Victorian Artists' Society held their monthly "smoke night" entertainment on Saturday, Septem-, ber 15, at the galleries, Albert-street. Mr. E Smith occupied the chair, and an entertaining pro- gramme of music and recitations was arranged by^ Mr. H. Destree. Songs were given by Messrs. P. C. Joseph, H. Rofe and F. McCubbin, the audience in each instance being sufficiently discriminating to insist upon the "encore nuisance." Mr. Fraser played an air on the zither so well that the artists applauded until he gave another, a similar compli- ment being paid to Mr. Phil Langdale, who did not "musicalise" Lucy Long out of his bassoon. Mr. Herman Morris was the excellent pianoforte accom panist of the evening. Mr. Will Elder gave several new character recitations, and "brought the house down" with his description of "How Rubinstein Played." Mr. Howlett Ross recited a gruesome story of an ancient Greek artist who tortured a slave to death so that he might paint the agony of Prometheus bound. His Richard III. soliloquy was quite cheerful, coming after the satanic cruelty of the Greek. A clever little scene was enacted to display the skill of Messrs. G. D, Richardson and J.Mather as "lightning sketchers." The chairman read a sort of lecturette on the value of "ghosts" and lay figures, the joke being that Mr. Mather acted so like a lay figure, while drawing a caricature of his supposed master, that if the light had been lowered half the spectators would have been deceived into believing the sketch was done by a genuine lay figure, especially as when clearing the stage it was shown that the figure in the chair was really constructed out of wood. Other novelties are in preparation for the next smoking night, to which honorary members of the society are admitted. 