THE RAJAH'S . DIAIIOIIB Thei company, pont to assemble at the "lgn of'the Blue Anchor, had gathered and taken .their seats., A spare, wirv looking man, with iron-grey beard, had -volunteered astory. Pipes were lighted and:tanicards filled, and the narrator, in a quiet, effective manner, deepening into earnestness as he went on, thus pro ceeded:- . "I was leaning over the taffrail of the Eastern Star one summer night, watching the play of the waters in the moonlight, which tnrne! the track oi the vessel into wide belt of silver, when someone plucked me. by the sleeve. I turned suddenly andglanced into the face of the man who had dis turbed my reverie. He was a Hindoo, spare of frame and rather above the medium height, his bronzed features showing to great advantage when contrasted, as they were, with the spotless white turban which he wore. Once or twice I had noticed the lindoo in the smoking saloon of the ship, where frequently he sat, watching the various games of chanceor skill in which the male passengers indulged each night. "' You are alr George Thompson,' he said to me, in remarkably good English, although I could detect a fnrd? ....- ýý spoke. I made a gesture of assent. 'Y'ou are visiting India for pleasure ' he con tinued,utterino the words so that theyformed a question. Knowing of no reason why my purpose in shipping to Bombay should be can. eldered a secret, I unhesitatingly replied : "' Not at all. I am going to Bombay to superintend the raising of the City of Delhi, which ship, you may be aware, collided in the harbor, and went down at dead of night." "'No one oe board her being saved,' the EHndoo added, by way of comment. "'It was a very strange affair; but, so far as I know, everyone went down with her,' I assented. "'And the ship that cotlided with the City of Delhi, what became of hart' he asked. "'Iam a little sarprised that yon should ask the question,' I answered, blowing the _..t r- .or yligar. "'May lask yon why my question ap pears strange ' the Hindoo queried. "' Simply because you are a Hiadoo and I am an Englishman,' I retorted; ' nato. rally you take more interest in the affairs of Bombay than I do, and, consequently, I thought you would know that the second coliding ship was notdiscovered.' "'That is a remarkable fact, don't you think!' he asked significantly, " Perhaps in my own country itwoald api Dear so, but we never take enough interest min what occurs abroad to hunt up minute de. 'tails. AllI know is that the City of Delhi went down and that she is to beraised ; which accounts for my presence on board this vessel." "' It will cost a great deal to raise the City of Delhi.' " ' It csta larger sum by far to buildher,' I answered, having no intention to put my questioner in possession of the details. "'You will take no active part in the -work itself,'the Hindoo went on; 'being at the ead of affaire, you will watch their pro. "'DEEP DOWN HER PROW DIPPED INTS TUE WIAVES.' " grea, while the actual labor will be carried on by your subordinates.' "'1 am not above lending a hand when necessary; althoush, of course, as you say, others do the man part of the manual labor. Bowever, before the ship is raised there is certain preliminary work to be done, in which I shall most certainly join. For instance, I shall go down with the divers myself, and" personally examine the position in which the ship ies there: a matter of forty or fifty feet below the surface of the water.' "Isaw the Hindoo give a little start of .rprise, which he endeavored to hide by -abruptly changing the subject. "" 'It is a grand night,' he said shortly. "Quite a relief after the beat of the day,' Ireplied, moving away to go below. The H indoo followed me as 1 went down the -stairway of the ship, which was spacious, for the Eastern Star was one of the best passenger ships afloat. I. passed on to my cabin, but had scarcely closed the door when I heard someone knocking, or rap ping, against it with their knuckles. .Who ,oat it be? I wondered, for the hour Snearly midnight. I shot the bolt of the door back and in came my unexpected visitor. "The cabin, I may observe, was really intended for three passengers, having two bunks and a conch, but, desiring privacy, I had secured its sole use. " 'Sit down,' I urged, not very cordially however, I must confess, when I saw that my 'isitor wsa the Hindoo. I felt too tired to disense the raising of the City oc Delhi with him, that being the purpose, I concluded, for which he was paying me an unsohoitedivisit. "'To-morrow we disembark, let that be my excuse for intruding,' he said suavely, watching my face in the dull flicker of the swinginglamp; 'and before you and Ipart, I have something to say to yon- eomething important.' " ' You have left it pretty late, then,' I replied. ' We hope to get into the bar. bor within ten hours of now. It was quite a chance I went on deck for a few Sinutee before coming down aher to turn in. '"'Yonbegin yoear work so'soon?' he queried; 'then I am; indeed, only just in ";' What concern is mjy-buafness of yours?' I asked. ' We have been on this ship together for weeks, and yet you wait till almost the last minute before you seek my acquaintance.' - "'That is not my fault, I assure you,, he replied. ' Until five minutes before I spoke to you I had no idea that the one to whom the raising of the City of Delhi had been en trusted was on board. You changed your -ship.' "I was completely astonished by the Hmdoo's last words, and more so by the tone in which he uttered them. " ' What have my movements to do with yeou ' I asked ; ' we are total strangers; yet yonhave a knowledge of them that I do not '"'!-'tffti'ue, then, that you did change your ship ' he persevered, waiting for my answer with a show of indifference which I -could see he was far from feeling. " ' Yes, I booked out by the Queen of the Ganges, and then came by the ship we are now uponr.' '' You see I know a little about you,' he remarked: 'but you may be quite as sured- that my knowledge, such as it is, has not been gained either owing to idle curiosity or for any evil purpose.' "'That may be so; I don't know. It may be customary for Orientals to be spied upon, and they may consequently not esent it. Personally I object to any thing of the sort, and you may as well under. stand that-it will save you some unpleasant consequences.' "When you know what my motive has been, you will be less disposed to utter threats, such as is conveyed by that remark,' the Hindoo went on. " 'Then speak out and let me know what t is you wan:,' I replied. "'Why did you not come out to Bombay by the Queen of the Gange: ' "'For no other reason than that I missed the vessel. There was a slight railway accident, and the consequent ae. S-:made me reach Southampton too late, for the vessel had started. I secured a berth on the Eastern Star, where I have apparentIly been Wtchedy yo4 for what reason you besr know:' "'I euppoae what yoaSay is a correct saconot olyoartranser froms bip to ship, but when I tell you that,eomesne is on bdard the Queen of the Ganges, and there for the sole purpose of consulting you on a matter concearnig largely yoar own safety, you will quite understand my sur. prise at finding you on this vessel. Iohanced to hear your name-the rest I have learnt from van.' "'It makes very little difference to me, I assureyou, whetheryou believe myaccount of how I came to travel by this ship or not: if you have nothing more important than that to discuss perhaps you will be good enough to consider our conversation at an end.' "' You would repent it till your last hour if you did not hear what is the real reason of this untimely visit. It concerns the sanken ship, the City of Lelhi.' "'You seem to take considerable interest in her,' I said; ' may I ask why' "'You shall be answered,' the Hindoo replied. "Let me brietly recall our con versation on deck. We are both aware that the vessel went down in the harbor of Bombay, where, with ordinary precautions. no such accident need have happened. Don't you- tmnC 'ra remarkab!e fact, that the colliding ship was never discvered. Such accidents damage both ships to a certain extent, as a matter of couose.' " ' What do youinfer from that r I asked, for the Hindoe's earnest tone began to inter. est me in spite of the natural indignation which I felt at being watched. ' ' It is no mere matter of inference,' he answered.. 'I waaout in the Bay in a small boat at the time, and I saw what happened. It may assist you considerably in your task to know what took place; have I your word that you will treat what I wish to say as confidential until the City of Delhi is raesed; then my words will be abundantly proved.' "I signified my assent to this, and the Hindoo continued. "'It was a close, hot night; on land or sea there was scarcely a breath of air; I was poling my boat along in the shallow, just where the white houses ran down alt most to the harbor wall; white and misty, with a pall of heat obscurirg its outline, rose Malabar hill on the right. Round me as I stirred the waters, fell the shadows of the maze of shipping in the harbor. Suddenly I heard the plashing of oars, mouled and subdued. I drew in close where the shadow of a dark hulk hid me, and I watched and.waited, wondering who else had chosen the night for a pull in the harbor. A minute more and I saw a boat crowded with a crew of Hindoos and Malaya pulling away froma ship. Almost opposite to me they rested on their oars, then turned with anxions faces towards the ship they had left. No word came from the lips of any there, and I seemed almost awed by the strange silence, when, just as the moon broke through the ragged, threatening sky, the steersmen rose and pointed towards tho ship. Shedrifted slowly out into mid-harbor, shivered like a sentient thing, then down her prow dipped into the waves and she was gone; I heard the suck of the waters she dragged after her, and felt the hoat beneath me rock, then the harbor became placid, and without one word, the seamen, with strange glances at each other, drew their boat away till they reached another vessel. Over the aide of the latter a rope ladder was flung, and after lashing the boats so as to be able to raise it, the seamen climbed up; the boat was hauled up, and I was alone on the waters once more. I ask you then, did that shipf the City of Delhi, have fair play ? Wasn't it plain that no ship could have marks of colliding with her when that happened; not a passenger aboard was saved out of those who were on their way to Calcutta from there, and who had only been on the ship a few hours. Do yoen understand me now'P " ' Yon mean that, for some'reason, there was foul play on the part- of the captain and his crew i" " 'Yes, I say that the City of Delhi never had fair play; I tell you she was scuttled; I swear it!' " The Hindoo rose from the couch on which he had seated himself and stund before me, his dark eyes-'glittering with anger, his righthand clenched and threaten 'lT-eippose the hatches were battened down, which accounts for ,niot even a sol. tary cry being raised by anyone on board the il-fated vessel. There is one question I should like to askyou, and'it is this-What could be the motive for snoh a crime!' I questioned. "'That is exaclty what I wish to speak to you about. Mr Thompson. Let us go back to a question I asked yonon deck-does it cost much to raise a ship like the City of Delhi?' "'It is, an expensive process, .certainly, but when a vessel lies in the harbor, as yoen are aware this one does, it conshtutes a danger to shipping.' "'Not when she lies so many feet below the surface,' replied the Hindoo promptly; ' besides, if that were the case, why has the vessel not been destroyedby dynamite-that is the usual method employed by the divers under such circumstances Can you explain? 'ou made a public tender for the raising of the vessel, did you not ' " 'The firm did,'I answered; 'whichis the customusually.' "'Do yon happen to know ,why-your tender was accepted ."- . - " nsuppose it was the lowest,' I an. Swered, not understanding the drift: of the question. "'So far from being' the' lowest, your tender was actually the highest' "' Then I suppose there are special reasons for the work beong done thoroughly-no doubt the opty f Delhi is a well-built vessel .ad of proportional value.' "'I wouldn't give a hundred pounds for her : she looked well enough, but the vessel was only fit to break up. Can you understand now why her owners are so anxious to raise the ship f' "'You puzzle meompletely-perhape you are acquainted with the reason. "'The reason is probably more extraordin ary than the apparently motiveless crime of scattling the City of Delhi.' "' You have aroused my curiosity,' I said. 'Asyou know the gase of the ship foundering, perhaps you will let mo hear what lies hidden behiad that disaster. No one shall hear from me the secret, if secret it is, unless, as you say, the vessel is raised; then, I understand, no further concealment will be nocessary.' -.o ns. o,, ved to the door and xamined the bolt. As if not satisfied with that orecaution, he cautiousl withdrew it and threw the door opee. No one was there. He placed his forefinger on his lip to enjoin silence, and stood there listening. Nothing disturbed the silence of the hour except the swash of the waves as they struck the sie o. the ship. After standing there for a few minutes, he gave a sigh of relief and thrust the door to, saying, as he shot the bolt care fully : ' ' You complain that I have watched you, which is not true, but I am watched every hour of the day! Besides myself, there are other Hindoos on board, and ljust then, when I went to the cabin door, I could have sworn that someone was listening outside. We Hindoos have quick hearing, and to one Rho hears it frequently, the sound of naked feet is rarely to be confused with any other movement; it is distinct, and I cannot believe myself mistaken.' "'I cannot be of much use in con firming or contradicting what you say," I answered. ' Those of us who pass much of our time among machinery are usually a little deaf. Certainly I heard nothing. "' You shall hear why I became nervous at that sound.-. The. persons who are in terested in the raisiul of the .City of Delhi have a secret which they do not wish yen to koow. They bought the wreck an salvage including everything contained in Ic, afterhaving been the prime movers in the vessel's destruction. They have displayed considerable skil'in elaborating their scheme, which has signally failed, as they will pre. eently discover when the vessel is raised.' " The Hindoo .nswathed the turban which was wound about his head and drew some thing out from its rumerons folds. "'lWhat is your opinion of that!' he asked, holding out the object for my in. specion. I took it from him and held it close to the swinging lamp. A blre of light shot fromethe stone I held there, its color a dazzling white. "' Why!' I cried in astonishment; thisis an enormous Brazilian diamond!' "' You are right,' he said, with a smile, as he caught sight of my face, which plainly indicated myexeitement. ' For that stone the City of Delhi was sunk and her passeis. gersdrowned ; for that stone the vessel has been bought, and you are engaged to raise her. But they have fallen into their own rap. for the stone they seer is in your . hand.' " 'How has it come about' I asked. "' The matter is simple enough. I am Rajahof Burdwan, and this diamond came to me !iv inheritance. It had beana }} out and In s ht rO"? iu • Jýa+"^ to Europe to be re-cut at a well-known establishment. He seems to have been followed by anlther Hindoo, who managed I to see the diamond in its finished state, and who secured a crystal of remarkable purity. This latter was carefully cut and diamond-faced to resemble the real stone; and my servant, on arrival at Bombay, was bribed with half a lao of rupees to substitute the crystal for the gem. He took the rupees, bnt, being an old servitor of my family, he tricked the other Hindoo, for he managed to change the stones again. At Bombay he left the vessel, having with him the diamond which you now hold, since I had arranged for him to join my retinue there. The Hindoo who twas left in the vessel, and in whose posseeeion was the crystal, had been enjoined to take the treasure to Calcutta. There was no intention of allowing him to do so, for they thought it best to silence him. The vessel was snk, I and with it the Hindoo went .down, the supposed diamond being contained in a I box screwed fast to his cabin floor. When the real diamond safely reached me I watched the plot to its end, but dared to say nothing about the scuttling of the ship. This fact they will try to hide, and it is one to which I specially wanted your attention called. Afterwards I went to Europe to see if I really had the diamond, for ats counterfeit is said to bhe aremarkable stone. Satisfied on that point, I am returning to Bombay with my treasure; knowing thedifficulty, in spite of the utmost precautions being taken, of keeping the real I gem as my own. I have not suffered it to 1 leave my possession since. You will under- 1 stand, then, that I wish to prevent them from getting hold of the crystal even. It would be disposed of as a genuine stone, so perfectiy has it been faced, and that is why I sent someone on the Queen of the Ganges to try to t explain matters to you. You missed 1 your ship and fortunately T discovered a you on mine. The fact that you will descend with the divers simplifies matters.' "He drewfrom his pocket a scrap of paper end quicklysketcheda plan of the sleeping berths on board the sunken ship. "'Thecressl have made there on the paper indicates where the box is; a few strokes of a diver's axe and it will go to pieces. Fling out the crystal, and there the matter ends. "' I can rely upon the truth of all you have said?' I remarked, as the Rajah finished his singular story. . . " on isay, most implicitly the captain will gtve you any substantiation of my position you may wish to ask for. Promise me that the crystal shall never come above the aurfare of the water.' "I held out my hand. ' Youmay depend upon it,' Ianswered. Was it fancy, or did I at that moment hear some alight sound outside mycabin doorf I glanced that way, and the Rajah, whose story proved most con elnsively true, as I eventually found out, whisperednervonaly: "'I am watched; they think they have the diamond and now they want my life ! ' He drew off the turban, in which he had again wrapped up the great diamond. 'Hide it; take care of it till morning for me.' " I thought for a moment what to do with the gem. It occurred to me that perhaps the Hindoos, after all, suspected that the Rajah had the diamond even hen; if so, failing to get it from him, they might naturally onclude it was in my pos session, seeinghim leave my cabin at such a late hour. I unscrewed the wide top of the swinging lamp, which had an opaque vessel for containing the oil, and into this I dropped the diamond, screwing the topon again. 4 'It will not hurt it,' I said; ' to.morrow you can easily got itout. I willburn the lamp all through the night, so that no oil will be left.' The Rajah pressed my hand again, and then I opened the cabin door. eo one could be seen. I stood there watch tng him as he went along, looking like a ghost in the dimly.lit way. Then I went nto my cabin and closed the door. A .....-. .C e heard a sharp cry, which seemed to be forcibly stoppee. w ob... arming myself in any way, r ran down the passage. The Rajah was lying on the floor, and two Hindoos were holding him down, 'hile a third was trying to gag him with a turban. "They heard the sound of my feet as I ran forward, whereupon the one who was trying to gag the Rajah rose suddenly and held up both hands, as if warning me not to advance, He moved leisurely to. wards me as if to bar the way. I struck t at him with my fist, and sent him reeling against the ship's side muttering some foreign oath or threat which did not concern me much. As soon as I reached the prostrate Rajah, who seemed to be lying quite still, one of the remaining iindoos sprang at me hold og a longish knife in his right hand. I taught the descending blow on my left arm, where it ripped a piece completely out of my oat sleeve, but, fortunanely,did me no actual harmbeyonda slight graze. "'Backl Back!' the Hindoo hissed: 'ack, or I kill yon! ' "I saw that the fellows meant mischief or me as well as the Rajah, and I made a rash for the knife. The Hindoo was too wary however: he stepped hastily h?ck, then, as I missed my mtended gnip of the knife, he raised it above his head with a flash of the blad., that I watched and waited toward off. Out of the darkness, behind the spot where the Hindoo stood menacing me, I saw a bare arm come, which twined itself round the fellow's neck, and dragged my assailant to the ground. It was a sailor who hap ened, as he afterwards told me, to be ying half asleep in his bank, when, hearing the sound of a sculile, he crept cautiously up, with the result that the i Hiindoo's amiable intentions concerning myself were foiled. "The remaining Hindoo precipitately led after the one I had struck, and who had wisely withdrawn himself from the fray. The satlor disarmed the Hindoo he had seized, and gave him a resounding kick, ,which helped him on his way considerably to where his companions were waiting at a safe dtOaes to know how he fared. "I bent over the prostrate Rajah, who had been badly treated, and whose garb hcwed abundant signs of a severe struggle with the others before I had gone to his t relief. VWe' arried him to: my own cabin, :wherehe was placed on a couch. The sailor wished to rouso the captain, but I thought it beat to wait atd hbar what the Rajah had to say when sufficiently recovered from his state of exhaustion. For some time he rested I on the couoh, gazing dreamily at me as I kept watch over hin, for it d Larety e that the Hinao,--.ored yet make another satemp- upon the Rajah's property or life, I for I could not quite decide which was the real motive for the attack. "'The diamond!' he cried, suddenly I etaating up 'they lave stolen it from me t' " I emiled at the delusion. 'Not at all !' Sanswered, ' the diamond so safe enough in the lamp.' " You saved my life,' he said, when the state of the affairs that had happened dawned fully upon him. ' ' I rather fancy that sailor saved mine,' I replied, 'there will be no sleep a for either of us to-night : you had better remain here with me.' He thanked me with all that profuseness which is customary among Eastern races. Then to turn the sub iect, I asked: " 'Do you wish the matter to be investi gated, and the Hindoos punished, as they ichly deserve to be!' "He was silent for a minute, as if thinking the affair over. ' No, I am afraid that would only make matters worse than they are. There can be little doubt but that the Hindoos have been hired by the owners of the ship to makethisattackuposn me. now. ing, from the construction of td harbor that no diffloulty will be experienoct in overhauling the City of Delhi, thew have fully counted on getting posses sion of the diamond, which, they think, isl the sunken vessel. When they do so, how ever, a further difllculty they erpect wil arise. I may come forward and claim tht diamond, stating how I have beet tricked; to avoid this, my life has been attempted. The Hindoos are not likely, however, to make another attach upon me; the tailure of the first will com pletely dishearten them.' "I was not at all convinced by the Rajah'e argument, and asked him: "'You have to get to Burdwsn, which is some distance from Calentta; but to morrow we only reach Bombay, where we part company. How do you intend to cover the distance-- by steamer, I sap pose?" "Iis reply was not what I expected by any means. "I shell not return to Bardwan for some time ; possibly a year even. I intend to paly a ,it to Ahmednugger, where I hope to get some sport with an old friend of my own. " 'And how do you propose reaching Ah. 8B ~&~vtarom v "em ,r at that time rail " ' First by rail, th en1 mbycar1'dte re msining part of the journey, which lies throuth broken bountry, will be made by paloanqun.' " You will have a large retinue of servants with you, of course !' I ques. tioned. "The Rajah smiled at my concern for his safety. "' Probably six, certainly not more than eight, all of whom would most likely fling down the palanquin andleave me to fioe any danger that occurred single-handed. Your concern is, of course, about this diamond. It is just as safe now asit would be at Burd wan ; its security depends on the good will of everyone of my followers; if they desert me at home the diamond will assuredly disappear. I am accustomed to travel about almost alone: if I were to suddenly do otherwise I should be suspected, watched and robbed on the first suitable occasion.' S'But your life !' I urged, 'are you not likely to lose it, if you expose yourself to danger, with such a gem as this in your possession P' "'I cannot avoid my fate,' he answered. ' As Ihave told you, Idon't think the Hin doos will makeanother attempt upon my life. Iftheydo, may Allah send me a friendin need, such as yon have been.' "1 tried to persuade the Rajah to make a different plan, but without success. When morning came, I took the lamp down, and inverting it, the diamond fell out. After cleansing it, the Rajah folded it up in his turban, wrapped the latter round his head, and soon after we had steamed into the harbor. "I saw the roundsteep topof Malabar Hill, blue rather than white in the morn ing mist; the houses, some white and others reddish in color, lay in front and to the left as we entered the harbor, but I had little time to wonder how it appeared at night, such as when the Rajah saw the City of Delhi go down. Boat alter boat came out to meet us, their occn. pants densely crowding the deck; English officers, parsengers, coolies refreshingly dressedin white, Pareisand Asiaticsof every kind almost. In the confusion I lost sight of the Rajah without bidding him god-bye. So, on the deck of an outward "I S.W A 1.\aE A!R1, WHIeC1L TWINED ITSELF ROUND TIHE PELLOW'S NECK," bound essel i met him first; the second time was a meeting that, with all my fears for his safety. I least of all antici pated. '. On landing, I lost no time in making the necessary preparations for the raising of the vessel, and had an interview with the salvage owners - three grave - looking Hindooes, who welcomed me, and eagerly disuonssed my plans. Two days after I was ready to make an inspection of the sunken vessel. I was sitting under the verandah, reading the Overland Summary of the " Rombav Gazette," when a Hindoo servant approached, and after making a profound saleam, thrust into my hand a scrap of paper on which was scrawled the following message . ' If you value your life, don't go down to examine the sunken ship; the diver is plotting against you.-:AHMcED SSiD, Rajah of Burd. wan.' "I called the man back, but he would say nothing beyond the fact that he had brought the message from the Rajah him self. I drew out my watch; it was quite early in the morning, and was within haff. an-hour of the time I had appointed for the boat to take myself and one of the divers out into the middle of the harbor. I had been so much taken up with my business matters that the Rajah's affairs had quite become forgotten when this note came as a rude awakener. What he had found out I could only conjecture. For. tunately one of the several divers engaged was an Englishmen, and I felt propor tionate confidence in him. He was not to go down with me on the occas sion, the man appointed for the task being a Malay who had already had con siderable experience as a diver. I determined that my purpose ofi examining the ship should he carried out. but that I would substitute the Enclishman for the Malay, as a matter ef precaution. "I made my way to where tih i,,a. steam launch was to ha in readiness for ohose who were to assist in the carrying nat of the diving opera-ions. It was not there ! I heard a shout raised from mid harbor, and saw one of the men beckonitr me rnm tee launch, wnln nan alreany gone out to commence the work without me. I jumped into the nearest boat, caught up the oars and pulled hard till I reached thelaunch on board of which I hastened. I met Jowett, the Englishman, first of anyone on board. c" What does this mean, Jowett?' I asked ' You have come out before time,' and I pulled out my watch, pointing to the hands as I added, 'there, even now you are a quarter of an boor beforehand.' "'The launch was ready half an hour ago, Mr Thompson. You remember that you told us to be aboard and put things straight before you came. " ' Which is another thing from coming out into the middle of the harbor before you were told.' "' But you did tell us,' Jowett persisted, with an uneasy glance at me. "'Nothing of the sort, I tell you,' I replied; 'but there, we are wasting time I only want one man to go down with me juss to see exactly how the vessel lies. I told Matellc, the Malay, he would be wanted, but I've changed my mind; I want you to come down with me, insteadof him." I "' Its too late to make that ehange now,' Jowatt answered. "I wonder you didn't tell Matello when you sawhim a little while a-' Too late-when I saw Matello ! ' What am "I to understand from that? I haven't seen Matello since yesterday. Where is he ?" "Jowatt pointed significantly over the side of the lannch. 'You can see the tabes yourse!f, Mr Thompson. Matello came down in a hurry this morning with word that you were too unwell to go ander water, and that he was to go alone. He said you had asked him to report at once how the City of Delhi lay.' " I began to put on my diving apparatus at once. ' As soon as I am down, get your own things on and follow me: say nothin, to anyone, but keep a good watch. If anythini unusual occurs make careful note of it.' "Jowett nodded as he help me on with my leaden shoes, and then screwed the metal globe, into which my head was thrust, to the collar of copper attached to the neck of the indiarubber diving dress. Glancing through the glass front of the head gear, I saw Jowett holdingont my axe, and, taking it, I was rapidlylowered over the side of the lanoh. Down I went, lower and lower, the water ch.~ging color according to the sedi ment it contained, ? ute looking round, i f ' d"d? i cver the sunken vessel. " Darker than the water round me, I saw something looming up in the distance, and, axeein hand, I slowly walked towards it. Tangled weeds clung to me breast high, as I neared it; then I saw, lying in one confused heap, the broken masts and the rigging, beyond which lay the hulk of the1 sunken ship, partly embedded in the mud. Getting clore to the ship, I saw evidence in plenty that the Rajah's account of her foundering was correct-the City of Delhi had been scuttled ! " Passing round the vessel, I saw that a great orifice had been hewn in her side, large enough for a man to walk through upright. I went within; the dead lay everywhere around, and there, right among them, kneelingbesidea rough and discolored wooden box, dragged, no doubt, from the ill-fated Hindoo's cabin, was the Malay diver, Matello. "His bhack was towards me as he groped feverishly there for the treasure he hoped to find; and, involuntarily, I raised 'my axe and held it over him. He drew out a water- sodden packet. wrapped in a piece of canvas, then pulled it hastily apart, and through the waters I saw the glitter of the stone he had plotted to get, instigated, no doubt, by those who had cansed the ship to be sunk, and wlhose raising of her was to be amere blind to account for the reason of their purchase, for not otherwise would they have had the right to send divers down. "As he rose with the stone in his hand, I suddenly snatched it from him, and flung it away with all the force I could. Matello gri ped'his axe as he saw me facing him; while I, for better opportunity to defend my self, backed out from the vessel, and stood before on the bed of the harbor. "The Malay raised his axe andaimed a terriic blow atthe air tubes above my head. Quickly I caught the axe on my own, and then, forgetting everything else, we en gaged in a strange fight for life fifty feet below the earface of the harbor waters. I warded off the lightning strokes of his axe, and pressed him in turn until by some mis chance, the elingini, weede caught me, and I fellupon my face. In a second I sprang up to beat him off, feeling that all was over-when I felt myself being rapidly raiseda,ant the trange encounter was ended ! "'hon gave no signal,' whispered Jowettt to no, as he took off my head.gear, but I felt sure something had gone wrong and told the men to get you on board. It's by belief,' he added, 'they knew what M1atello was after when he went dowinthatoraftyway first; I hope no thin happened, MI Thompson; I thought it ben to stay up here.' "' -othing of any importance,' answered, as l ngoff the diving dress. 'Get that preoi s Malay on to launch as soon as you can.' M" latello came, and when he, too, had flung if his gear I stopped him as he was maki z for the boat alongside "' oit can choose between telling me who i aced you to attempt this fine ?iece of work d explaining matters at the judicial court, I said. He stood irresolute for a minuts, and then made a clean breast of it. Agai the Rajah had been proved correct. " \\\ went ashore again, and after some weeks in spite of the opposition of the owners of the sunken ship, we eventually raised her, but in the meantime they die appeared. Everyone thought they had "lYOLU\T.1uxL.7 I RAISED xv AYE." lced from the consequences of the discovery of their strange crime; but there was another reason why they did so, for the Rajah had been tho only witness of the einkingiof the ship, and they had not finishedwith him as the strangest part of my adventthe, whichis to come, explains. "Thoedaybefore I shipped back to Eng land, laving everything ready for my return, I spent the time in calling upon various'.riends I had made, when, hap. pening e speak of the Rajah's adventure in the harbor at night my friend pro posed $moonlight row, the waters outside being nre than usually calm. I agreed to his suog.stion and when the moon rose we put out together. Out of the harbor our little crt was pulled, and for two hours or more we enjoyed the night breeze which came sesping over the expanse of ocean. " Whl expressions of regret, we put the hLat abht and torned the prow towards the harbor. Watchbingtse di·etathts of the town, I saw something gently floating to'ards m ; something that looked likea pieceof wreckage more than aught ee. 1 called my companion' attention to it, and he rented on his oaza while I pointed it out, as slowly it floated nearer and attll nearer. ,,'Looks like a piece of a brokenup ,hip,' said he, 'rwith a emil flung over it; it's a queer.looking affair; we'll keep the boat steadytill it passes. for it will pase us, that is certain.' , The floating 'mass drew quite close to us, andthrusting out an oar, I stopped it in its couree. It swung round eo that the ear, which was at one side as a make. shift mast. rocked, and in doing so partly draggel the sail from the rude raft at covered. "Without further thought, I flung the sail aside and saw there-the deed body of a Hindoo! Something in the still-set features attracted my attention, sad. con quering my aversion, I studied them carefully. I had seen them before, moat certainly- for the body lying on the raft was that of Ahamed Sind, the Rajas of Burdwan. So I met him for the second and for the last time ! We drew the brown asil over the raft and its burden and watched it an it floated .... a tr ,oated oot to sea, the prey of seabird. of shark, ofoceanstorm !" "And the diamond ;" I asked, " waso the Rajah robbed of it F" "i Nothing more was heard of the gem or of the way in which .Amed Sind met his death, for the Hindoo is secret and silent when it suits his purpose. Some day the gem will doubtless turn up again; another tragedy added to those which mark its his tory already ! But there my adventure ends." S u" Ludgate Monthly." 