HEELTAPS. I»r nssuuHuuibj la the roan beUndtts fear. Where people most -lo congregate, You get the goat]*, wmZttStSr^ 0* matters past, asd «g- to igata. ' Tto windy afiain of man ? Bias like a, cloud of dnst, * AM are as quickly laUaffaln.' AN UNBOOMED EVASGBIAST. Aa vnnr vant intvraiKno mntM.tna.lrMi 'Traveller,' pithily puts it, Talmage was trumpeted top much, bnt nevertheless he was a bit of alfrost, a windmill orator ? with a thorax, or glottis la it, that badly wanted oiling. The Adelaide public have still not done lamenting that lie was not better worth hearing. Now the Rev, John MoNeill was not boomed, he came on fats own - merits and he made a hit. He is a capital convincing preacher, strong and sturdy, a very Boanerges — he rolls his voice off his big chest with true Scotch decision, and spoken with a rare good Glasgow accent that makes tbe ears of the «annie folk tingle with tender recollec tion. His humor is solid, strops, *nd .subtle, swift and searching. He brings tears to the eyes and laughter to the lips, . - I am not much gone on parsons tnBhiil|---i as the Bev. MoNeill says there is too Siuoh spoon meat about them. But I MiUfM ft admire McNeill, and would throw «p «- smoke social any time to hear him. be is 'sae refreshing,' so 'gleg in the bptftV-^ as the Glasca' guid bodies say, ye ken.: (ftn getting on my gude braid Scotch, don't you think, Mr. B.) Like the ancient mariner. MoKeill helds them with his eye, and he likewise controls them with bis voice. He has a hand like a ham and an arm like a village blacksmith,' a powerful preacher he is in every sense, of the term. We have not had such an evangelist since Gilmore, or before. If I could sit under MoNeill I wadna' say but I wad maist likely be converted mysel ^jrad ma conscience ! I need it Very greatly. Eh, mon, but the Rev. MoNeill is a gran' ex pounder, he is sae aairching. Mao could walk rings round Talmage, or that ither oratorical gymnast who gushed over execu tions and piled up the agony o'er the Mount Rennie ootrage, makin' a hero of ane ef the worst ground acooldrels on the. drop. Burke, the companion evangelist of MoNeill, UBS a Biiver-ipuutsu vuiua upuu wuiuu cdb multitude hang, and there was a multitude —the Jubilee Hall was crammed to crushing point on Sunday afternoon and evoniog. Take the straight tip of Freeluncher and go and hear the pair of them. THE FEDERAL BANK GASE. The judgment given by the Cbief Justice in the Federal Bank case, on Friday, was a masterly one, delivered in a voice straight ont and as clear as though it was carefully composed and written. It was one of the most difficult and technical judgments I have heard for some time, but the brainy little versatile judicial Solon never faltered. He is a wonderful man. The night previous he was dancing and supping at the Mayor's ball up till 2 o'clock in the morning, yet he turned up at 10 o'clock on Friday morning, listened to a long technical trying argument all day, and at half-past four delivered his exhaustive The young lawyer, Mortimer Muirhead, made a capital address bristling with figures, clear, lucid, and to the point, and well deserved the complimentary remark of Mr. Symon, the clever Q.C. THE MAYOR'S BALI. On Thursday, let me tell you, was a social triumph for Mr. and Mrs. Willoox. The arrangements were in complete good taste, the comfort and enjoyment of the guests assured, and the whole affair a civic success. The supper was an imposing array of varied edibles and drinkables set ont extremely well by our old friend Flecker, and let me tell you the boned turkey was as tender as spring chicken. I did not bone the turkey but I carved a stout and able-bodied re presentative of the species for the people on either Sank until my arm ached. By the way, talking of boneing, the way people collar cigars and cigarettes from the smoking-room at these ftee feeds is simply shocking. And another point, there were more than several people at the ball who did not receive the ghost of an invitation, they just slipped in on the nod on tbe strength of a borrowed sparrow-tailed coat or a ball dress. There were at least three young girls (ia short skirts) who were conspicuously unin vited. Oh, this is a wicked world, we badly want McNeill. The Mayor and Mayoress (Mr. and Mrs, C. Wilcox) were most attentive to their guests and did the honors with grace and discretion, I heard lots of people say that the civic ball was the best they had been to since Sir Edwin Smith and bis lady ruled the roost. . The Msyoresa1 reception Ton Tuesday was m graoeful finale to the ball. ' PROMISCUOUS. There is no -such thing as patriotic art and patriotic science. Both art and science 'be long, like all things great and good, to tbe whole world, and can be furthered only by a free and general interchange of ideas among contemporaries, with continual reference to the heritage of the past as it is known to us. ' It is said of the artist : study nature ! But it is no trifle to develop the noble oat «f the common place ; or beauty out of uni formity.' I have never seen Villeneuve Smith, tbe clever popular barrister, come out so hadiy as be did in the Appeal for a new trial in that absurd totalisator case, Tborup v, Heseltine on Tuesday. It was vary fnnny, the three judges laughed and bantered him and laughing left tbe Bench after dismissing ma appeal, j. any reiuaou to bus it aenoosiy. MONTAGUE AND CAPULET. I am not quite oeitaiu whether it is in tbe Corsican Brothers or Romeo and Juliet, bnt in one or the other the vendetta between two families was carried on for several generations and caused much bloodshed all on account of a dispute about a white hen, which flew over into a neighbor's yard and was claimed by both parties thereby making a coitus belli for very many years from father to boo. There is a Montague and Capulet vendetta of medern persuasion going on now between two families in a suburb, and it illustrates the theory that history repeats it Belt to the verge of absurdity. The subur ban Montagues and Capulets bad been close friends for years and there had bees mutual interchanges. Signor Montague meeting Sig nor Capnlet on a tram car on a Saturday morning asked him as he had done many a time and oft before, whether Senora Capulet would like to go to a certain festival, and JUBV 1I«»Q 4-UHU IU UU1? . UOU VI UUDIUHI IW* got the provincial engagement and went his way about the city unconscious of the domes -tic storm impending. Senora Montagu inno cent of her husband's lache*, happened in at the habitation of the CapnleU and was knocked ont in one round by Senora Capulet who visited upon the unoffending the un witting offenoe of the unconsciously guilty male Montague, who, if he had but known his offenoe, would have made ample amends. Then there was * vendetta declared and the bouses of Montague and Capulet wer* at loggerheads all because the male head of one, scrupulously attentive in a neighborly way for years, was unintentionally forgetful, and because tbe female head of the' house of Capulet had a fit of spleen. Now, if the misunderstanding had t-ccurred between Sig nor Capuiet and Signor Montague, the former would have met bis fil nd and neighbor on the first opportunity and said, 'Marry come up Signor Montagu, an' tfaou giveat na not an explanation. I wiil e'«av« thae to tbe gizzard. Why didst thou invite me to the gaff and took me not?' Then Signor Montague would have replied, ' I crave thy pardon, g-ntle sir, I was so tet with the press of badness that I did forget my en gagement with tbee. I will m.ke amends.' Then Capulet would s-y, ' I ro credit tbee withal ; thou speakest sooth, I pardon tbee, I do forget things myself, even to carrying my wife a letters in my pocket withal and posting them not till after many days- do elapse. Come and have ? drink.' And they two do bie them to a pub and do drink of the aqua vitae called whiskey and there is so vendetta. 