PLAYS AND PLAYERS. Suagested probably by a similar perform ance in Amerca, a repre~entation of As You Like It by a cast composed excelsively of ladieshas been arranged in London, and was to take place at the Prlnce of Wares' Theatre on the 27th February last. Miss Sophie Larein was to take the part of Touchstone, Miss Ada Ferrar Orlando, Mis sGladyas um fray Jacques and Miss Frances Ivor Rosalind. Thera was also to be a full chorns and orchestra of ladies only. To the many admirers, voluntary and in voluntary, of Daisy Bell, it may be of inte rest to learn that the author and composer, Mir Harry Daere, dpeat some four years, 18S4.SS, inMelbourne. Prior to his going to Australia he had written a song, The Ghost of John James Christopher Benjamin Binas, and in his absence this achieved suc cess. Playmates, The Simple Country Maid, Model England, In Public and in Private, and Good Old Has Been, are also songs written by lr Daere. Daisy Bell, itappeirs, was written in America during a visit there in 1892. Farewell, the latest composition of Mr Dacre, is stated to be coming a great favorite on the London Variety stage. The two pantomime parties playing during the recent Christmas season at.Edinburgh, engaged in a friendly game of football, ia which ladies also participated, one afternoon at the end or January. Miss Ada Bemister, who was appearing in the title role of the pantomime Dick Whit tington, is mentioned as taking part in the game. Mine Amy Horton, the bright little soubrette and burlesque actress, has been playing the principal girl's part in The Forty Thieves, one of the four pantomimes produced at GQasgow. During the early portion of last month two Londonproductionareached ther 100th per formance. The first was the musicalcomedy, The Gaiety Girl, at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, and the second the barlesque of Don ,Juan at the Gaiety Theatre. Charley's Aunt, at the Globe Theatre, has now a record of a year and two months, and Morocco Bound (a piece that will, so we have teen advised by cable, be seen in Anus. tralia daring the year) was about the middle of February taken off after a run of ten months. Mr J. C. Williamson was expected in London on the 14th February. Theobject of his visit was announced as being the search for artists and attractions fdr his firm's Anus tralian theatrical enterprises. blr W. H. Vincent is acting as agent for r fr Wlliam son. The operas of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci were announced to be given in the same manner as oratorios, with a choir of 300 voices, at the New Queen's Hall, London, during the month of February. Mr Ben Davies was to sing the principal tenor musin. A leading London theatrical journal makes the announcement-by this time a somewhat familiar one-that Mr Sims Reeves is likely to go to Australia on a tour. One of the partners of the Brough and Boucicault Company is reported to have stated that their New Zealand tour "more than realised their anticipations." With a successful season in Adelaide, followed by one in Melbourne, preceding the visit to New .Zealand, it would appear that this favorite ompany has been reaping the reward they have so steadily and consistently worked for, •and which no one will deny they richly deserve. Mr A. Lawrence, who will be remembered as a clever character actor, has, after wait png in London for some eighteen months, with httle or nothing to do, obtained a good engagement in America. The )Dampier Company are to play at Goulburn during the Easter season. Miss Jeannie Lee concluded her farewell seasonin Sydney on Thursday night, when the final performance of Graasbopper was given. Neither Joe nor Grasshopper has met with the success that one would have wished for the spirited and vivacious little lady whose name is so inseparably conne:ted with these pieces. The Pollard Juvenile Opera Co. commence a season of 1 nights at the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, on Monday night. an connection with the revival of Struck Oil this evening at the Theatre Royal, it may be mentioned that nearly twenty years hay elapsed since the first prodnotion of I the piece in Melbourne. The actual date was Saturday, let August, 1874, and a run of exactly three months was achieved. In the cast besides Mr J. C. Williamson and 'Seften and N'. Taylor, with Mrs Bryer. Struck Oil is to be taken on tour again in the United States in September next by the IPiton Company, Miss Jane Stuart playing the Ipart of Lizzie Stofel. A correspondent in the "Sydney Bulletin" makes the suggestion that in turn with cricket, military and other teams that have visited England, an operatic company might be ad vantageously tried, and among a list of names mentions the following :-Misses Nelie Stewart, Colbourne Esber, Ida Osborne, Florence Yoang, Flora Graunner, Violet Varley, May Pollard, the Princess's Bal lerinas, Miss Marie Saqui, with MissesFrances Saville and May Weir already in England. The male performers mentioned are :-Mesers C. Harding. R. Cunningham, Syd. Deane, Howard Vernon, T. Graundy, Will Lowers, and D'Ensem. The idea. although novel, would, it is feared, hardly prove payable. The list given could also be added to with advantage. i The minstrel and variety entertainment at the Sydney Theatre Royal came to a some. what turbulent termination on Tuesday evening. On Monday the orchestra were evidently not in tune with "the trea iury," and on Tuesday the management being unable "to raise the wind" to pay, the flautist and others declined "to raise the wind" to play. On the announcement of no ierformance and a returncf the admissions paid, a dispute occurred, owing, so it is stated, to one person who was admitted on an order endeavoring to benefit by the promised refund. The altercation was quickly joined in by the crowd, who eventually had to be " moved on" by the police. Mies Edith Bland, who accompanied Mr Bland Holt as leading lady in his recent seasons in New Zealand and Tasmania, is to appear with the Brough and Boneieault Company this evening at the Lycenm Sl'heatre, playing the part of Lady Castle gordon in The Amazons. IAt Weannlni, New Zealand, at the race time, two halls were occupied by the Shine I mad Clark Variety Company, whodivided into two portions, onedivision of the company after appearing at one hall repeated the per formance at the other, whilst the other divi sion reversed the same proceeling. The London "Dlily News," "W'orld" and "Figaro" newspapers allspeakin com plimentary terms of Mliss Pattie Browne in regard to her appearance as Mrs Lappet in SDiok Shendan. One compares her to a pin terebvMeissonier, anoth-r speaks of being Sfascinated by "the eyes that belong to Miss SBrowne," and the third alsopays a tribute to her fine eyes. . isses Pattie Browne and IR:ee Deaeing Swere present at the first of the annual Covent SGarden Ball; the latter gained a prize for aher costume, aned "up to date" asige ldress. 'Sir Augustus Harris, who has been in Svalided during the production of the-Drnry S ane pantomime, wan sn?ciently conval. Sbsacent on Wednesday, 25th January, to visit Sthe theatre, and witness, for the drst time, the It is now definitely settlied that Mr Edward J£errywill shortly reappear at his own theatre in London in musicalcomety, a s:ylg of per farmance resembling to some extent the pre. Slnt burlesque. .. At the Strand, and afterwards at the Gaiety Theatre for some six or seven years from 1869, MIr Terry with MissNellie Farren, Miss Kate Vaughan, and bli E. W. Royce, Sformed what is known as the famous Gaiety r quartette. His reappearance in a class of character for which his unique powers of Ifacial exprecsion, his clever singing and dancing, specially favor him, is being looked ,forward to with much pleasurable in terest. S The Rev. Stewart Headiam in the course ofa paper read by him before the P'laygoers' Club, stated that he had seen every ballet produced at the Alhambra for the last twenty years, and went onto say that "every ono I contained much that was beautiful, all had fI been bright, cheerlful, exhilarating, some had I bed been of supreme exoeellence." V Madame Sarah Bernhardt has recently 1 been appearing in Paris in a drama entitled 1 Izeyl, by 31.. Silvestr anad Moreau, in a sole that is esid to fit her equally as well as her wonderful creation of aloria Tosea. Izeyl has been specaislly writen with a view of bringing into relief the effects that in Madame Bernhardt's hands exercalse such a wonderful power of fascina ion, and at the brst performance, at the end tof January, at the Renaissance Theatre, Paris, both actress and authors achieved an immense triumph. 