Great Irishmen. JAMES CLARENCE MANGAN. From " Hours with Great Irishmen," bt Justin Huntly M'Carthy. No. VIII. The years immediately preceding > 1848 were years of great revolution and counter revolution. The thrones of Europe were toppling like ninepins. Kings were fight ing for their lives, flying for their lives, or clasping eagerly at the red hand of demo cracy in the desperate purpose of warding off destruction by an assumption of brother hood. Insurrection stirred in other than continental capitals. In London, on Ken nington Common, and elsewhere, pale faced, flame- hearted men were clamoring for the six points of their charter and wildly talking of an appeal to arms. Over in Dublin Young Ireland, romantic, rebel lious, its lips touched with the fire of Verginaud, its heart throbbing with a new hope, was speaking, preaching, propagan dising, striving passionately to quicken the inert body of the country with a transfu sion of its own hot blood. The office of the Nation newspaper was the focus of all this fiery energy; round the Nation all that was best and bravest in Ireland rallied; in its pages week after week the noblest voices appealed to the noblest emotions, the love of country and the love of liberty. The list of those who made the Nation, of those who kept touch with it, of those who taught in its columns or who practised what it taught, i£ the roll-call of some of the brightest names in Irish history. All these men were wild, ardent, passionate poli ticians—all save one. As we read the record over, from Davis who founded to Mitchel who broke away because his strenuous, unyielding spirit found even the Nation Jacked gall to make oppression bitter, one name stands out in strange con trast to the rest—the name of Clarence Mangan. Men still live who knew Mangan. The good priest who soothed the struggle of dissolution between that tortured body and troubled soul still ministers to a generation to whom Mangan is but a memory. And yet he is scarcely more foreign to us of to day than he was to his friends. I was going to add, to his companions, but that desolate spirit had no companions. He walked the dark way of his life alone. His comrades were strange shadows, the body less creations wherein his ecstasy was most cunning. Phantoms trooped to him from the twilight land, lured as Ulysses lured the ghosts from Hades, by a libation of blood. But the blood was the heart's blood of their master, and their pale lips drained it till he died. These spectres were more real to his eyes than any of the warm hearted, strong-handed humanities across whose busy, restless, feverous life he some times flitted. We seem to see him hurry ing on his life's most melancholy journey, as they saw him gliding through the Dublin streets, like some embodiment of the weird fancies of Hoffmann, a new student Ansel mus haunted by the blue eyes of a visionary Veronica, or buried among books as Mitchel first found him, his brain, like a pure flame, refining all he read, and transmitting it to something rich and strange. An eccentric phantasmal figure tightly girt in its quaint black cloak, the fine gold of his unkept black hair, as delicate in its texture as a woman's tresses, escaping from the shape less hat, which shadowed a face as parch ment, pale as that of Richter's " Siebin kaes." Like Jean Paul's immortal " Poor's Advocate," the eyes of Mangan were ever in the stars and his soul in the blue ether. He seemed a creature too fantastically com pounded for the common life and the work a-day world. The Persian poet, Omar-i Khayyam, declares in one of his verses his belief that when first his clay was fashioned some property of the vine tree, some flavor and perfume of the grape, was subtly inter mixed with it. Applying this fancy of the Persian star-gazer to poor Mangan's story, it might almost seem as if the sands that had fused to form his glassy essence, grains of a gold unknown to earth, drop of some elixir compounded of no earthly juices, had oddly blended. His inexplicable spirit seems more affined to tlio vaporous presences that hover round Mangan in his garret, than to the eager, active men who were striving to break up an old world and mould a new one out of its pieces. Such was the amazing exterior of a great poet. Mangan is the brother—the intellec tual peer—of Moore and of Davis. Certain of his poems are among the most precious possessions of Irish literature. The "Time of the Barmecides" is perhaps - the best known of aU his writings; it is, to my thinking, unquestionably the most beauti ful. It professes to be a rendering from the Arabic; but the Oriental student wiH ran sack in vain for its original, the divans of any of that bright constellation of courtly poets who clustered around the throne of tho barbarous Kalifeh Haroun Er Resheed or his illustrious successor. He wiH pore in vain over that vast anthology of Eastern verses which star the lengthly course of the "Thousand Nights and one Night." The Arabic from which the " Time of the Barmecides " was taken never yet flowed from a reed poised in the cunning fingers of a scribe in Cairo'or Stamboul or Damascus, never ran from right to left in the fantas tic strokes and curves and dots of Eastern script across the yellow surface of some sweet-scented and gilded skin. Clarence Mangan was not an Orientalist. He needed no knowledge of the " tongues of the sun rise " to bring his fine spirit into fascina tion of the East. A man may be a poet and a scholar, too, of Oriental sciences. Sir William Jones yesterday and Edwin Arnold to-day are proofs that slumber on divan of Hafiz or sojourn in the rose gardens of Saadi lays no spell for silence or for stam mering upon lyric lips. But Mangan pressed the pillows of the couch of Hafiz or breathed the perfume from the upturned roses of Saadi's garden by the right ^of his fine genius. The liberty of the cities of Shiraz, and Bagdad, and Grand Cairo, and Istamboul was his without crossing the Seven Seas or treading a mile of desert. The shy, bine-cloaked student dould touch all common things with the talisman of his marvellous imagination, and life was for him an enchanted phantasmagoria; he lived, not with what he saw, but what he wished to see. The turbid Liffey creeping beneath the civic bridges became in his eyes the Tigris, reflecting in its shining stream the thousand lights from the Kali feh's windows, or the Nile above whose yellow bosom starred with lotus blossoms, the lordly Iris winged|its way, or Rockna bad reflecting the cypress groves of Mo gftlln. and echoing along its silver ripples the ghazels of Hafiz. " I rich Bagdad once again, With its turrets of Moorish mould, And the Kalifeh's twice five hun dred men, Whose binishes flamed with gold. I call up many a gorgeous show. Which the pall of oblivion hides All passed like snow, long, long ago, With the Time of the Barmecides.' The dreamer and poet of those verses had no need of travel or of grammars to unlock for him the secrets of the East. So potent a fancy could convert, without an eflort, the Dublin quays into the teeming, glitter ing hazaar, the Four Courts into the Mosque of the Sultau, the distant trees of Phoenix Park into the palm grove, ending where the yellow desert widens out into immensity. It could transform the passers by into Mecca pilgrims,, merchants from Moussoul, masquerading Kalifehs and melancholy Khalendeers. It could conjure up the long caravan of camels in Grafton Street, and transmute the drone of the ballad singer in the keunel to the rise and fall of a melody sung long centuries ago by the Prince of Persia beneath the golden lattice of Schemzelnihar. The bare facts, the meagre outlines, of Mangan's life are familiar to most students of Irish literature, and need not be here re enumerated. Of the real life, the existence burning itself fiercely out behind that ghostly mask, few knew anything, none knew much. He once wrote to Duffy, " How little do you know of the man in the cloak/' and the words read even now like an enigmatic epitaph upon the being who wrote them. Not long before his death he agreed to write his autobiography, and did pen a handful of pages full of painful inte rest as a morbid study of his own diseased mind, but valueless, and worse than value less, as a picture of his life. Goethe when he wrote his autobiography called it "Truth and Poetry," to warn a credulous world that they must not take all it tells as rigid his tory. So Mangan in his fragment weaves truth and fancy iuto a glittering, bewilder ing web—weaves for a little, and then his fingers fall from the loom, and so De Qnincy's " Opium-Eater " remains without its true companion. I have said in the earlier part of this paper that Mangan was not a politician. Nor was he in any active sense, in the sense in which liis colleagues on the Nation were politicians, in the sense in which the im petuous brotherhood of Young Ireland poli ticians, but if his student spirit shunned the fervid works and days of those who fol lowed Smith O'Brien, who hung upon the burning words of Meagher, and who coined their youth and their energy into prose and verse, and public speeches all devoted to the one purpose of regenerating Ireland, it must not be for a moment imagined that Mangan was indifferent to his country or ■oblivious of her cause. He served her well with songs that breathe a spirit of patrio tism as pure, and as passionate as that of Davis. He was prepared to serve her to sterner purpose still if he were called upon. In 1848, when rumors began to circulate of the Government's intentions to suppress the United Irishman, Mangan immediately wrote a letter to John Mitchel, which Mit chel quotes as the only expression in prose of Mangan's political sentiments which he had ever seen or heard of. I make no apology for quoting it again as a proof that the lonely, retiring spirit did not shrink from struggle, that the wretched body could knit itself together to face and to brave peril. " My dear M.—There is a rumor in circu lation that the Government intend to com mence a prosecution against you. Insignifi cant an individual a3 I am, and unimpor tant to society as my political opinions may be, I nevertheless owe it, not merely to the ktndne6S you have shown me, hut to the cause of my country, to assure you that I "thoroughly sympathise with your senti ments, that I identify my view of public affairs with yours, and that I am prepared to go all lengths with you and your intre pid friend, Devin Reilly, for the achieve ment of our national independence. I mean to write to you in a few days, a long letter ■explanatory of the cause, which, I think, it becomes the duty of every Irish patriot to pursue at the present eventful epoch. Meanwhile you are at liberty to make what use you please of this preliminary com munication.—Yours in life and death, "James Clabence Mangai?." Such is Mangan's political confession of faith, strong enough to satisfy the most devoted disciple of Meagher, or Fintan Lalor, or Mitchel himself. It is the only •one we have. The "long letter explana tory" which Mangan . somewhat naively promises to Mitchel, with a sweet unworldly simplicity, never came to hand, never, took definite shape, never more was heard of. By the time that the rising took place, Mangan's career was rapidly running to its •close. His fame was shattered, his glorious ne'nd enfeebled ; the last months of his life are a pitiable record of squalid and sordid debaucheryl Seldom has the flame of a rare genius flickered down more lamentably toits ■embers. Poor, miserable, abased, defying all the efforts of the few true friends who remwnedtc lift himfrpmthe faorrorofhis \- 4es£mctioii; he drifted from degradation to dsg^cadatadh until at last the sea-sksk, weary barque of his ruined body and dethroned mind floated into1 the final harborage of the hospital, where on June 20,1849, he shook the yoke of inauspicious stars from his world-wearied flesh. Strangely enough, there died also across the Atlantic in the same year, and also in an hospital, another poet whose gifts were curiously akin to Mangan's, who had found inspiration for much of his own music in Mangan's writings, and whose life, like Mangan's, became at the last a chronicle of ignominy and of decay. Edgar Allen Poe has been supposed, and not unnaturally supposed, to have found in the repeated burdens of such poems as the " The Time of the Barmecides " and " Dark Rosaleen " the suggestion for those complicated and slightly varying repetitions whicli lend such a weird melody and charm to " Ula lume " and " Lenore." The two poets had much in common, their wild, erratic genius, their hopeless subjection to the treacherous inspiration of wine and of brain-destroying drugs, their untimely deaths, and their common ending in an hospital ward. But of the two Mangan is the most to be pitied. Poe's career was dark enough, but it was not all unhappy. He had loved and been loved; there were moments in his wasted existence, even long intervals, of calm and peace. But Mangan's life is one of almost unmitigated gloom. The days of his youth were darkened, it is said, by a hopeless passion, his heart's manhood withered into premature old age. We are told that it 'was her fault; she seems to liave been cruel; she blighted liis life, but she made him a poet. The price . was liard for the man to pay. The poet who in the Persian legend gains the gift of song by a patient vigil of forty sleepless nights, paid a lighter penalty for his immortality than his Irish follower. Life was to Mangan one long denial. " No one wish of his heart," says Mitchel " was ever fulfilled; no aspira tion satisfied." He was as passionately Oriental in his dreams and in his thoughts as Beranger was Hellenic. His soul thirs ted for the desert, for blue domes and white walls and the shade of tropic trees, as the French poet thirsted for the clear sky and the pellucid air and the olive groves of Attica j and both thirsted in vain. Man gan's whole life was passed within the gloomy streets of a populous city. His soul longed for freedom, but liis body was bound forever within the limits of the town where he was born; where his miserable life dragged out its course; where he died and lies buried. If he could have faced the denials of destiny with an austere renuncia tion, if he could have opposed a monastic fortitude to the buffers of the world, his might have been a serener if not a happier story. But the passionate longing after the ideal drove him to those deadly essences which fed for a time the hot flame of his genius at the price of his health, his reason and his life. Genius and misery have been bed- fellows and boal'd brothers often enough, but they have seldom indeed been yoked together under conditions more tragic than those which make Mangan's story a record of despair. I am at a loss which most to marvel at, the brightness of his genius or the darkness of his ruin. 