'ICTHE VELYSTERY OF CLEME'NT DUNRA VEh N BY JEAN MIDDLEMi1AS, Author of "A Girl inn Tihousand," "Touch and Go,' "Scaod by a Kiss," "By Fair Mean," etc. SI R ILES STOOD IN FRONT OF ELVISA IN AWEWADD ANDORATION. SYNOPSIS OF P??EVIOU3 CHA? TERS. CHAPTERs I. AY? IL--Sir Louis Dunraveo, of -Aboyne Court, has two nephews, Clement Dant -raven and Pierco Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to marry Lady Gertrude Versehoyle, and smakes it a condition of him leaving him his property that he should propose to her at once. He conacnts, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan, who is in lovewith Gertrude, delermineothat he will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentally finds a note in the following terms: "Dearest Clem.--Thank for your darling note..' I will meet you at the usual place onTuesday at dusk- Your ever loving DoA." CIL ment does as his uncle deires him, and prouoses to and is aes pteo byLady Gertrude. Pierce Vaughan hears of the engagement with chagrin. As he is walking in the grounds trying to cool his fevered brow he distinctly sees a stmnge woman leave them. ,So suddenly had she appeared ard disappeared that she seems like a ghost. Cu.Apren III. An PAnTr or CHAPTrEn IV.-Clement Dnmvven, after his engagement with Lady Gertrude, visits a little cottage about four miles from Aboyne Court, and there meets Lisbeth Gleudinning, whom, in a weak moment, hehas made his wife. He cndes vors iunder his altered circumstances to make his peace with her, and she consents not to interfere with Son condition that the child, which is to be bhorn to them. if a boy, shall succeed to the title which will -eventuaclly be his. CHAPTER IV.-(Conwmati.) Clement had done all he could to have the date of his nuptials fixed much later, but Sir Louis insisted on January the 10th, and Sir Louis would not be contradicted. This was the first time Pierce Vaughanhad seen his cousin since the evening of the en Sgagement, and he was particularly struck by his changed appearance, for changed Clement Dunraven was, and no one knew it behotter than himself, whenever he looked in the glass. The furrows on his face had deepened, ithe hair on his temples had gone quite grey. Any woman lees in love than Lady Ger. trude would have sifted the matter to Its foundation, but Lady Gertrude was cognisant only' of Clement's perfections, and so gloriously happy at the idea of being his wife, that she saw no trouble ahead. When once or twice Elvira Delano had suggested that there might be somethinog wrong, she had silenced her so angrily that her friend dare venture on no further re . marks. The two men walked a few steps towards the house, in a silence which was broken at last by Pierce Vaughan saying, "I called at the Glendinnings' cottage as I came through Coleehill. I was astonished to find that the old man was dead, and the youngwomanhad flitted," The color deepened on Clement's face, though he made a igorous effort to remain impaseive and to speak as usual.. "Yes. Josh Glendinning has been dead some weeks, and I believe the girl has gone to London." "Do you know her address?" " I-no-why should I know her address ? What do you want it for?" Clement turned \- on his cousin much as though he were a tiger at bay.. " rell, you need not not angry, old man. i used to think once teat you were a bit sweet on Lisbeth Glendinning, and that \,therefore you might know whore 'she had "onne." S Sweet on Lasbeth lendinning? Yon Sdout know what you are taking about, Pierce. If you ever dare to say that again I'll cram your words. down your throat. Becsause you are a blackguard and have secret affairs and suspioious meetings with girls yourselt, you think every fellow does the same. Pierce nVaughan smiled. He was so de lighted at having surprised the usually genial Clemett into a temper that he slurred over the imputation on his own social cha. raoter. " Of course, icy dear Clem," he said, -speaking blandly, "I do ne t mean for a moment to insinuate that now you are going to he married you will allow your fancy to rest on a girl like Ltsbeth Glendinning, handsome and virtuous although we know her to be. All the more reason why you can give me her address in Londoc. You might do so, snince Iam in no way hiacered by an -engagement to a Lady Gertrude.",. A fierce oath was Clement's answer to this request, followed by the unequivocal ae .eertion that he knew naught of Lisbeth's address. An assertion which Pierce Vaughan be. lieved none the more for the truly tempes Stuous imanner in which it was made. " All right--all riht," he said soothingly, S ' we will not talk any more about her since \- the snbjet irritates you. It is annoying to think that one cannot enjoy all the good things of lifo at the same moment. Perhaps I am the happier fellow of the two, since the Fates bestow but few enjoyments on me." Clement Dunraven looked for a moment, as though he word inclined to reply to this irritant in soothing ton1c by a blow, but he restrained himself, and without another word being spoken, the two men went up to the hlibrary window, at which Sir Louis was standing. The thoughts which had been surging in both their brains during the short walk was scarcely enviable. bost certainly Clement felt about as desperate as If he were a con demned felon, and Pierce Vaughan was more than ever certain that if he directed his detective proclivities aright, he would dis Scover something that might prevent the marriage. He had not much time to do it in, worse lusk. If only he hald come down to Aboyne Court a Ittle earlier I Bunt hie had been detained in town by some business which, after all, would not bring any great amount of grist to the mill. It would have been much better to have followed matters up at Aboyno Court and tried to oust Clement both Sfrom his uncle's and his lady love's affections. Ho had, however, nearly twenty days before the wedding; a good deal might be aeooem plished in twenty days. Sir Louis received him with much show of affeorion. He was always rather gushing to Pierce, perhaps ie thought in this way to make up to a certain extent for the absence of coin. Not bnt that be fully Intended to leave him something, though by io menus so large a sum as greedy Pierce would appreciate. For a few seconds while he stood talking to his uncle, Clement having loft them, he was 362 inclined to tell the old man hi; suspicious about Clement's affairs, but he decided that it would probably make him wish to hasten instead ot delay the marriage. No, he thought he might accomplish Clement Dun raven's ruin in some far more effectual way, and he smiled to himself as he suddenly decided what he would do if other means failed. But this was a last resource. Before he fired a final shot he would watch Clement closely, bribe servants, pay detectives if need were, in order to discover whether he held any further communication with the houri of the cottage, whose address ho had so angrily protested that he did not know. But had Clement spoken falsely when he made this statement? It was quite true that Lisbeth had gone to London, money having been supplied by Clement, and that during several interviews they had had after that agonising one, it had been decided that it were better for them both that he should for the present remain ignorant of her where abouts. There was little doubt that he would know his fate quite soon enough. Watching Clement wab, Pierce Vaughan decided, very unsatisfactory since he found out nothine that he did not know before. Clement, in his lonely hours, when he thought himself unwatched and unnoticed, was the very picture of misery and despair; when he was in society, especially in the pre sence of Lady Gertrude, he managed to wake himeelf up to a state of excitement bordering on frenzy. Yet all this time he never went to London, so Pierce's plans for watching him were absolutely useless. The day was fast approaching for the wedding, and as it gre w nearer both the cousins became more and more pre-oooupled, but athwart the happiness of Sir Louis and Lady Gertrude there lay no oloud. Clement was evidently expecting some communication, as whenever a letter or tele. gram was brought into the room he changed color and looked intensely uncomfortable; this Pierce Vaughan would have found out almost without watching him as closely as he di Yet nothing came; no means were afforded of solving the mystery that hung over Clement. In consequence of his'disappointment in not finding out something tangible that would .mar his consin's prospects, Pierce SVaughan took to sitting up at night in his own room. That is, he wrote one short note over and over again, each time being more dissatisfied with his hand-writing. After a second night, however, spent in the same fashion, he accomplished his task to his Sliking, and the note was finally written and addressed. All the copies of it were carefully burned. On the following morning ho said he was Sgoing up to town for a few hours, could he do anything for anyone? His uncle gave him one or two commissions in connection with the wedding which was to take place in a few days, and he went off in high spirits. SClementhad gone to Lord Melbury's place, Crichton Towers, for two or three days, and was not to return to Aboyne Court until the evening before the wedding. It was probably becanso he was not there to be watched that SPierco Vaughan had chosen that moment for g oing to London, and also pecause he was at Crighton Towers, and the bomb Pierce was preparing for Lady Gertrude would certainly be more efficient if Clement were present. The party at Criohton Towers was a merry Sone. Elvira Delano was its centre. She Skept everyone amused, everyone laughing, even Clement in his grimmest moods was compelled to be fascinated by bright Ilvira SDelane. t lvie's gay spirit were, however, some thing like his own, called up in order to con ceal perturbation of spirit. She hated and dreaded this marriage almost as much as he though she had not the wherefore always at Sher heart as Clement had. "I would give the biggest diamond my father ever gave me if I could stop it even now," she said to herself as she was dressing Sfor-dinnertoe ndatheb maid :waas elasping a riviere roun;d her awan-like throat, Mr Delane's last gift to his spoilt child, " but there isn't a chance; poor ittle Gerty, she I looks happy enonah now, but this day year I Sdread to think what her feelings will be. SThen a knock at the door arrested her soliloquy. " See who that is, Jnlie," she said, addressing the French maid. S"Letters, Mademoiselle, by the second Spost." Three or tour were handed to Elvira, and before opening she tossed them over on her Stable. "This one is for Lady Gertrude. How careless to bring it here." "Shall I take it to her ladyship, Made moiselle ?" "No. I am going to her room as soon as I am dressed." I Meantime she looked attentively at the letter. "What queer writing," she murmured. "It is-well, it is no business of mine." Five minutes later she went. to Lady Ger trade's room with the letter in her hand. It was rather late, and she liad gone downstairs. In a little boudoir near the drawingroom Elvlra saw her, talking to Clement.' They were discussing the important arrangement of some flower vases. Miss Delano went In and gave her the letter. Lady Gertrude made the same remark her friend had done. "What queer writing I 1 wonder who it is from " Then she tore it open. SA scrap of paper fol out on 'to the carpet at her feet. Clement Daunraven stooped down and picked It up. As be did so his oyes fell on the words, "Darling Clam," and the ?fgnatnre, " Beta." It was the note Plerce Vaughan had picked up under the old tree in the wood. OHAPTER V.--Patrno ITrm ?"mE. The morning of the 10ih January, and the sun shone brightly. Lady Gertrude's wedding day. All Coles. hill had turned out in gala dress. The marriage of the Earl's daughter was an event of far greater magnitude than frequently occurred in that quiet neighborhood. "Happy is the bride the sun shines on," said the good wives as they greeted each otherin the High.atreet,, and none of them doubted the happiness that was in store for Lady .Gertrude with that handsome genial young fellow, Sir Louis' nephew. If they could only have penetrated behind the veil that concealed the real state of affairs from the outer world, would not dread rather than hope have overtaken that now smiling throng ? ELvira Delane was chief bridesmaid. As she donned her lovely dress of soft white silk with the touches of pink and green so deftly introduced by Parisian fingers, there was a feeling very near akin to sorrow at her heart. She could not forget the scene in the boudoir after she had given Lady Gertrude the letter in the queer writing. It was more present than ever to her mind on the morning of the wedding. " Why should Gertie marry Clement in spit of every warning It is so unreason able, so illogical." Would Elvira herself be more logical when love, the great enslaver, had taken firm possession of her? Probably not; yet she would not be so entirely carried away by her feelings as was Lady Gertrude. Anonymous the letter enclosing Beta's assuredly was, yet Beta's letter was written to Clement, and the explanation he gave of it would not have satisfied practical Elvira. He told her it was a by-gone foolish fancy, the heroine of which had been dead this many a year. If intending wives dipped too closely into young men's past lives-no woman would ever marry at all. Had he not told Lady Gertrnde when he proposed to her that "he was unworthy of a place in her affections, yet she had said she would trust him. Yes, and she would trust him now, and, re gardless of Elvira's presence, she threw her arms round his neck and bade him forget that she had ever seen theat intrusive missive. And so there was not even a check to the marriage preparations, and. the lovers, for lovers they still were, seemed more closely allied than before that lecter reached the fanocee. The explanation was a feeble one, Elvira thought, rendered ten times more feeble by the ashen tint Ulement l]anraven's features had assumed, while he" was called upon to give it. Nor did the color return to his face when, by Lady Gertrude's request, he walked to the fire to burn the communica. tion. By happy legerdemain he burnt Beta's letter only, and managed to slip the anony. mous missive into his pocket for future inves tigation as to its author. "It is burnt, and there is an end," said Lady Gertrude, "now let us think of it no more," and with her back to the fire she went on arranging her flowers. But little escaped Elvira's sharp eyes. She saw the letter was suppressed, and she won dered then as she did now what trouble would come of it in the future. No suspicions of Pierce Vaughan having had any hand in the matter came to her, how. ever, as it did to Clement, but then Elvira acknowledged a sneaking tendresse for Pierce, and she would non have believed him reespon sible of underhand doings, whereas Clement hated him, and knew full well when he read those letters that his deadliest enemy in the future would be the cousin who considered himself robbed of his inheritance. If ever Pierce Vaughan discovered aught of Clement'sefirst marriage, 'what chance would there be of his being saved from a felon's dock ? At present, however, his shaft had missed aim, and Clement was still acknowledged the luckiest and happiest man in Christendom. And so he looked, as, seated beside his uncle, he drove through Coleshill to the church. But for weeks, almost months. Clement had not appeared: so like his old genial cheery self as he did to-day. His face was as cloudless as the sky, and if anyone had misgivings about the future of this marriage, it apparently was not the bridegroom. Hoe had that morning received a communi cation from Lisbeth ; the infant was a girl, born to inherit her mother's sorrows and set her father free. Clement had nothing now tofear; he dis regarded Pierce, who could never discover the truth, for Lisboth was true as steel; where once she had pledged her word it was given for aye. How strange it Is that many people who are absolutely unprincipled about keeping a promise believe so thoroughly in the good faith of others. As Clement Dunraven walked up the aisle of the church and took his place at the altar to await his bride he blessed Lisbeth for the weight of anxiety and care ebe had taken from his mind. Never, for an instant, did he bestow one thought on the terrible lifelong burden he had given her to carry. It was all over, the nuptial knot was tied, and the rich tones of the organ were welling forth the wedding march as Mr and Lady Gertrude Dunraven walked to the carriage, drawn by four white horses, that was wait. ing for them at the door. They both looked as happy as newly-made man and wife should look, as amid many a hurrah and "long live the happy couple," they drove away through the triumphal arches that had been erected in their honor. Immediately behind thechief actors in the events of the day followed the bridesmaids and their attendant grooms. Elvira Delane came first, leaning on the arm of Pierce Vaughan. They both seemed pre-oceupied, and were thinkingbnoro of those others than of them selves, until they were startled into a recol. loction of the actual by a bystander on the church steps, who remarked " Another handsome couple ; perhaps that will be the next marriage in Coleskill." She was not given to self-conscioueness, yet a deep blush spread over Elira's pretty intelligent face, as she heard the words, but how could it be otherwise, as Pierce Vaughan turned his head and looked at her fixedly. What did the glance mean ? Was he ask ing her if she were willing, or was he con sidering whether the hint were not a good one, and that it would be wise to shelve hatred and revenge for a while, leavse the Danravens to tlheir own miserable fate,'and seek to win old Delane'e daughter and her pots of gold P Hatred, however, beat:love out of the field that day. " There was time enough to win llvira," he decided, since in his conceit he felt pretty sure she loved him. Thus he lost the golden opportunity, for Eivira saw the hesitation, and resolved to make the wooing, it wooing it ever became, a difficult one. " Those who teach must act up to their own lessons," she thougsht. "Never never-never will I follow in Gertie's foot steps, and, being infatuated with any man, become blind to his foibles." And in pursuance of her theory she gave all her attention for the rest of the day to Sir Miles Berkely, who was the suitor favored by her father, but whom, until that hour, Elvira had elected to snub. Sir Milesswas not a man of the world like Piersce Vaugnyan, but a shy, unsophistieated Modusne, who was only too thankful to be taught the art of love, of which he did not even know the rudiments. This, capriolous MIss Elvira Delano, who was rather bored now that the wedding was over, thought would be fine fun, especially as she hoped it would make Pierce Vaughan jealonus. So she conducted Sir Miles into the con. servatory. She did not consider as sheo did so how dangerous it was to play with edged tools, not but that she would have been quite as ready had sho stopped to count the coat, for Elvira Delane was plucky, and loved excltement for exeltument's enke. It would have been diffioult to dlcover where the danger lay in flirting with Sir Miles Berke ley, than whom there was not a better fellow in the breadth and length of the king. dom. Hie would never have left a woman in the lurch as Clement Dunraven had dons, or sent'an anonymous letter in order to tryand break off a marriage. He would hae scorned such note, and thought that men capable of them were not fit to be spoken to. It was his strict sense of honor and high integrity that made Elvira's new amusement of playing with fire all the more dangerous. He was a little bit astonished at being sought out for preference on this occasion, since he had been worshipping Elvira from afar for a long time, and had received but little encouragement. He was, nevertheless, too delighted to question or cavil. Elvira looked lovely in her pretty new frock as she sat coquettishly, her head a little on one side, gazing at him from amid the gorgeous azaleas by which she was eur roundel. Sir Miles stood in front of her in awkward adoration. He was a big, fleshy man, over six foot, with a large face beaming with good nature, and yet by no means wanting in intelligence. Intelligence, that is, of a certain sort. Sir Miles was very long headed, political economy, statutes, the management of land, and all sorts of "dry as dust" subjects, as Elvira called them, he had at his finwera' ends, but making conversation in a lady's boudoir was not his forte, and lounging among the luxurious foliage in that well-stocked conservatory he seemed totally out of place. Elvira looked at him as he stood before her, and was provoked, though flattered, by the homage. " Why on earth don't you sit down," she said a little sharply. "I wanttotalk to you, and it is impossible to converse with a man who is standing about looking uncom fortable." lie fetched a rustic stool from a distant corner, and perching himself on it looked rather more uncomfortable than he had done before. Elvira burst out laughing. "If anyone comes through here and sees uas I wonder what they will think," she said. "WhyP Is there anything so very odd that we -" " Oh, pray don't say ' we,' Sir Miles. I am all right, quite like other people, thank you. It is you who are odd, perched up on that stool like a naughty boy who has been repri manded." He laughed now and did not attempt to move. "Quite true," he said, "I have been re primanded, but d rather like it from you, please go on. Tell me what 1 ought to do, and how I ought to behave." "Gracious, it would take so long. You will require a vast amount of training before you are like any other man." The baronet looked a little crest-fallen for a moment. " Dear me," he murmured," I am sorry, I suppose vanity has possessed me, but I did not know I was so inferior." "Inferior !" cried Elvira, jumping up from the half-recumbent position from which she had been watching him out of the corners of her eyes. "I did not say you were inferior, I said you were not like other men." " Well, surely the inference is that I am therefore inferior to them." " Not a bit of it. You are quite a different typo altogether. I don't feel at all sure that you are not very superior; anyway, Ilike you best as you are. To change would be to spoil you." A hot color mounted Sir Miles' large face at these words, accompanied as they were, on Elvira's part, by a very expressive twinkle in her pretty eyes. " eou like me as I am," he stammered. " Oh, I am so glad." The possibility that she was only amusing herself at his expense never entered his honest head; while the sort of shy pleasure she was apparently giving him, instead of stopping her somewhat cruel sport, induced her to go on with it. "Of course I like you, Sir Miles; you are not conceited as all the other men are." "No, no; but then, Miss Delane, I have notmuch to be conceited about. I shall be changed from this day, though; I shall be awfully conceited." " Indeed-what about P" "About you having told me that II am different to other men, and therefore that you like me." "Bravo, Sir Miles, you are eclipsing them all to-day in pretty speeches, and I- always thought you were too shy to look at, much less to speak to a woman." " Oh, Miss Delane, I have always looked at you, and I have no doubt 1 should have summed up courage to tell you how much I admired you-only you never gave me the opportunity." "And now you have got one, you are doe termined to make use of it, eh? Well, I never expected to hear you say so much." "There is a oreet deal more I could say." He looked so like forthwith making a de olaration that she was compelled to stop him. " Oh, no l" she cried, "not to-day. I shall get quite vain if I have any more admiration at my feet to-day. I have already \- ,but then, of course, you have nothing to do with that, and it is not fair to tell tales to one man about another." So there was another. He sighed, and did not speak for a second or two, then he asked a very leading question. " I wonder which man of all those you know you like the boat-or whether you really like anyone l" "I am going to sleep with my bit of Gertie's wedding cake under my pillow for three nights, and, of course, I shall dream of my fate. Four days from now I shall probably be able to answer that question ; that is, if the revelation is not of so thrilling a nature that it will be impossible to make it." "Do you really believe in dreams and superstitions?" asked Sir Miles, still terribly in earnest, notwithstanding her bantering tone. "Now I ask you," she answeredlaughing, ". would life be worth living without speaula tions? Aswell speoulate on what a bit of cake will reveal as on the stock exchange or a racecourse. Suppose now you were to try it. If I give you a bit of wedding cake will you put it under your pillow for three nights and tell me your dreams ?" Such folly was most unlike staid, serious, sober-minded Sir Miles, bhut even the gravest man is weak in the hands of the woman he loves, and Sir M?les Berkely had for some time pastr imagined himself to be very much in love with bright, saucy Elvira Delane. \- To l E CONOTNEDu.) 