THE BUDGET 71: Mr Shiels's Motion, ' — " — -» . .LAttGE CONCESSIONS MADE BY THE GOVERNMENT. THE DRAG-NET LIST ABANDONED. A FREE HAND ALLOWED. la the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night, Mr Dixou gave notice that he would move an amendment on Mr Shiels's want of confi dence motion. His proposal would be to insert words so that the notion would read— "That some of the proposals in the budget statement of the Treasurer are unsatisfactory," the Inserted words being those italicised. The House then went into Committee of Ways and Means. The Chairman said the question was— That on the importation of the following articles mto Victona, whether by land or sea. the several duties of Customs hereinafter mentioned shall, on and after 1st day of August, 1894, be charged; except as to articles on which, the duties are reduced, the reductions on which shall take place on the 1st dav of October, 1894, viz. e Agricultural implements, not otherwise enumer ated, 15 per cent., etc." Ho would allow hon. members to- discuss the whole Budget on the first item, but they would not be permitted to deal with every detail afterwards. Mr Shiels, who was received with Opposition cheers, moved that the Budget statement of the Government was unsatisfactory. In moving that the Budget statemeut was unsatisfactory, he did not waut to take up any unreasonable ground. He did not want to affirm that any Government in Victoria could produce a budget containing retrenchment and taxa tion proposals that would be without objec tion. rfiat would be an achievement worthy of omniscience, and that did not rest on the Treasury benches, nor did he claim that it rested on the Opposition side of the House. The Opposition felt directly they heard the Budget statement that it would be utterly dis astrous to the best interests of this country, and felt that it was their duty to challenge it at the earliest possible moment, so that the people of tnis country might know that the Oppositionneithercountenanced itnor supported it. The motion raised two issues in plain and direct terms, both to the House and the country. The first issue was — ' Are hon. members satisfied that the financial year of 1893-4 should close with a deficit of £6od.000. m the face of the solemn, reiterated, emphatic assurances of the Government in Parliament in session, and at banquets and other places out of session, that they had squared the finances and re deemed the credit of the country?" The second issue was — u Are hon. members content with the Estimates, the retrenchment policy and the taxation policy of the Budget pro posals?' The answers to these questions in volved other questions. Were hon. members content with a Budget that took a duty off champagne and imposed it on bananas — (laughter) — or lightened the burdens on wealth and piled up a load under which the poor man would stagger ? Were hon. membeis content with a Budget which relieved luxuries and levied duties and the most harassing imposts on the necessaries of existence? Were they con tent with proposals that took the duty off champagne, hock, claret an i other fine wines to the prejudice of the local vigneron, and im posed duties on cotton, flannelette and other things used by the poor people ? We ce hon. members content with the gross and wanton breach of faith to the railway men and the public service after the pledge made last year that all the retrenchment the country demanded had been made, and that it would last for three years? Were they content that the Government at a time like this, when employment was so scarce, when wages had been reduced and the State's resources were severely taxed to find remunera tive work, should increase the excise on tobacco and cigars by 15'J per cent, and throw out 500 or 600 employes? Their object was Mr W. T. Carter: Revenge. Mr Shiels: Their object was to have the Budget absolutely recast in directions that would do honor to tbe wisdom of the House, and especially to the imperious needs of the country. Therefore they took the credit of having gained a great moral victory already. (Opposition cheers.) The Government without a blow being struck in the fight had begun to capitulate. In the further criticism which he intended to offer he wanted to do absolute itiofinn 4a fK a 'P«aab« T 4 vril.fi f/lWil 1 V Hi jvuiv4w vu buo alCOOUfcCi aw i» w » — -j — the extreme to single out one man and to hold him up to obloquy for a Budget statement. The Treasurer had sins of his own to bear. He was primarily responsible for the illusory estimates of last year wh ch pratically gave the House and country a cooked national balance-sheet — (Opposition cheers) — hut not for the mongrel character of the Budget. The Treasurer was a confirmed freetrader from conviction and study, and if he had been unfettered he would have brought down a budget which would have amply satisfied the free-trade paTty in the couutry. He would have raised the revenue that was necessary from the fewest articles, and have proposed an income tax and a state bank of issue. (Opposition cheers.) The extraordinary proposals presented — which looked cross- ways, winking at protection, ogling free trade, and selling both— (Laughter)— were not to be attributed to the Treasurer but to the heterogeneous assortment of Ministers that the premier presided over, and the only men they would please were those who were sitting on a fence and did not know on which side to drop because they did not know where the big bat talions were to be. (Laughter.) It was to be regretted that the Treasurer was not ia a' fit- state of health last year or this year, to do full justice to his theme, aud it was creditable to the House that members recognised the infirmity under which he suffered and gave him their most generous indulgence. His manner was not quite satisfactory. Last year when he read the Budget it was logical and sequential. He waa like a -young going to a ball and - put ting on a pair of stays, which could either be drawn tightly or loosely for comfort; but this year he was like a reluctant schoolboy loitering on his way to school and arriving late, with his lessons topsy turvy in his brain. Some data whioh the House had a right to expect he never said a single syllable upon. Nothing was said about the proposal to reduce" the municipal Bubsidy by £100,000, or railway retrench meat— the rumored intention of the Minister of Railways to shoot out between 600 and 700 men, and to dump them down on God-cufsed spots to ad mire the gum-trees. (Laughter.). He never said a single word about the amounts he ex pected from his new duties, or indicated what revenue was to be expected from old sources. .The Budget. statemeut had the nebuious air of uncertainty of a Governors speech. ''We may expect," said the Treasurer, " the licensing of racecourses when— we get time and men are -unanimous." There was to be licensing of brokers and surveyors seine time in the next century. (Laughter.) . As the friend -of the .publican, if not the. sinner, he promised to give encouragement to distilleries "on creamery principles," (Laughter.) He (Mr Shiels) safer a white waieteoat < audit reminded him of ex- eeptional rural felicity. . Mr Zox. — I wish, it reminded me of It. (Laughter.) Mr Shiels.— Every man was to be sitting under his own vine and fig tree in a land flow ing not with milk and honey but brandy and wisky. (Laughter.) Mr G. Downes Carter. — I think that is scarcely fair. - Mr Shiels. — There waste be a state bank of issue aud terminable annuities, " when members will give over pushing their fads, and we can get united common sense applied to some pro posal that will lead us out uf the stagnation we are in." Mr MTutyre. — They are badly wanted. Mr Shiels. — Another ealutary measure for lifting the colony out of its depression was that we were to issue our own sixpences and shillings when Victoria was old and strong enough to cope with the Imperial pride of the mother country. Mr G. Downes Carter. — We were told we could do it in 1872. Mr Shiels : With all those paste diamonds which he hang round the neck of the future rhe Treasurer had to exhume from the grave he led the House to that quiet cemetery where last year he showed himself as a financial genius robed in the .shoddy flag which was nailed to a rotten mast. (Laughter.) He knocked and said, "Income tax, are you there? "Like Lazarus, come forth." (Great laughter.) Mr Zox : He won't come ; he is going to vote for the Government. Mr Shiels: This measure was supposed to be wanted somewhere about the year 1896, and if the tax were imposed it was to be ear-marked to convince the English creditor that we were in earnest. It would take many assurances of that kind to convince people that the Government were in earnest. To make the negative assurance doubly sure, the Treasurer said at the end, "If members are not in earnest we may have to try some othor means." The means alluded to by the Govern ment would not show the English creditors they were in earnest. They showed the state of grizzle aud jelly to which the historic back bone had been reduced. The Treasurer, by exigencies, and by being associated with an ill-assorted set of colleagues, was made to play the part of a Yorick of finance — " a fellow of infinite jest." Sir James Patterson: I see him -now. (Laughter.) Mr M'Coll : Remember your Caster ton speech. mr ouieis. — me proposals or the last Go vernment were honest and sincere. There was as much difference betweeu its intentions and promises and the way in which the present Go vernment was treating the House as there was between Mr Webb; — Truth and unscrapulousne6s. (Ministerial cheers.) Mr Shiels.— Between Peter promptly atoning for a hasty fault and Judas Iscartot taking the blood money (or the betrayal of his Master. The Treasurer must have been attenaing a spiritualistic seance, calling up spirits from the vasty deep — ghosts of unreal promises not intended to be fulfilled. Everything had an unreal and an uncanny air. Members felt that they were not dealing with flesh and blood, not with living bodies, but with the "spookiest" of spook Budgets ever delivered. . (Laughter.) It was a bam boozle Budget. There was not . a man in the House but must feel a sense of pain and bitter disappointment at the state of the accounts dis closed as regarded last year's transactions. AU would wish, apart altogether from party con siderations, that they had seen the last of deficits that had io be funded and struck a blow at our credit and imposed heavy burdens on the taxpayers. Last year the Treasurer estimated that his income would be £7,563,000. The actual receipts of the year amounted to £6.719 000 ; so that he was out to the extent of £843,000." The Treasurer admitted that he (Mr Shiels) warned him. To wind up the financial year with a deficit of £665,000, in the face of repeated warnings and advice, was a con fession of utterwant of capacity. Mr Downes Carter : What abont previous Treasurers ? Every one worse. Mr Shiels asked wher.her the hou member re membered what Dr. Arnold said — " If we are not wiser than our predeoessors, we stamp our selves. as being greater fools than they.". (Laughter.) There was a great difference be tween the present Treasurer's case aud that of the previous Government. When the hon member, Sir Graham Berry, found that things did not come up to his anticipations, he did what would always redound to his honor and credit. He came down to the House holding his own reputation and the existence cf the Government in the hollow of his hand, and told the House the facts. The Treasurer of the pre sent Government knew that his estimates were all wrong, but still he stuck to them. He kept on preaching that the colony, was all right, although the facts that he had got from the Treasury snowed him that he would be £700,000 short in his estia3&te8.; There was honor on the oue hand demanding the opening of Parliament, and a wild devil on the other tempting him to con cealment of the facts. What did he do ? He closed the doors of Parliament in the face of hon. members, and he kept locked within his own bosom the kno wLdge that he had. He was primarily responsible. for the racfc that Parlia ment was duped and humbugged in this way, believing apparently that paper surpluses and cooked balances were, if not noble virtues, still at least venial sins. Might he (Mr Shiels) tell a little theological story. It was only about an ignorant negro who fancied that he was called to the ministry, and arose up in the congrega tion to declare that he had seen in a vision a great-white cloud bearing upon it the burning letters G.P.C., which he interpreted to mean " Go preach Christ." But another old nigger rose and Baid, 41 Brudder, de vision am ail right, but de interpretation am all wrong. I spec you seen dafc cloud jest now, but de letters G.P.C. don't stand for 4 Go preach Christ,' dey mean 'Go pick cotton." " (Laughter.) The. Treasurer had seen a great white cloud bearing the letters B.V.L., which he interpreted to mean, " Balance Victoria s Ledger," but he had made them into " Bamboozle Victoria's Legis lature." (Cheers aud laughter.) The Go vernment had allowed the colony to drift down stream, .aud had done nothing to check the: downward course, yet the Trea surer himself had the magnificent courage to say — This Ministry was formed to do oue thin?, namely, to make both ends meet. What I want to point out is that, we have done it. The ledger balances. It was a fact that when the present Govern ment came into office they adopted the measures of the previous Government,, and the hon.- the Minister of Lands voted for the reduction of municipal . .subsidies, al though "he had - voted against a measure with the same object when it was proposed by the previous Government. Mr MTutyre. — What you say is not true (Disorder.) Mr Shiels. — I will prove it. Mr M' lu tyre. — It is not true. The chairman said that he could not allow answering across the table. The Government had a proper course to takefor correcting mil statements, ' ; Mr M4Enty re.— It was pointed at me, and J say that the statement is inconwot. j- Mr Shiels said that the' House would re member the enormous retistauce- offered to the scheme of taxation and retrenchment proposed by the previous Government, They made up their minds not to retrench Upon the" salaries of civil servants receiving under £150 per »nnnm) but the House, under the leadership oLthe Attorney -General, opposed that proposal bitterly, and tbe Government was - eventually successful by only two votes. The previous Government proposed an absentee fox, which the present Government dropped , thereby losing a large amount of revenue. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen : How lone did you conceal the deficit? Mr Williams : Tuera was no concealment about it. We all saw it ; but you were blind. Sir Bryan O'Loghien. — You never informed me. Mr Shiels. — The hon member was the wild Irishman and the wild guerilla of the House. His hand is against every man. (Disorder.) He did not say " gorilla. ' ' He said " guerilla," which was a very different thing. (Laughter.) And now, having dealt with the past, he came to the more serious part of the business — "The best of prophets of the future is the past." The Treasurer expected to receive an increase of £252,000 on the old duties aud £167,000 increase on tbe new duties within the year. From the railways the Teasurer expected an increase of £160,000 and from the spirit duties an increase of £32,000. The most singular thing was that the Treasurer expected thip increase on a lessened duty, and, with an increased importation in bulk, to have the .... amount from this excise ou the same class of spirit. That appeared absolutely nflw«uimM>.1ilat unless they were going to drown themselves in a river of colonial lager beer, cr that thing were going to mend in a way he at present failed to see. Were the Government going to make a scientific book on the future for this year, or were they going to gamble aud plunge? If they wanted to be on safe lines, and to be sure of briuging out a credit balance of the smallest character, they ought not to estimate to receive more revenue from old sources t.hwn in the past. There was, ho wever, one little hreak in the clouds, which might mean an arresting of the falling prices, or, perhaps, a temporary im provement. That was the increased "production of gold. It had been estimated that this year, last year, and the year before the world's out put of gold had increased by about £96,000,000, of which £60,000,000 would go into currency. That was one element in the future. But let them see how differently other Treasurers hod acted. The Treasurer of Ne w Zealand had esti mated his revenue at £130,000 less than last year, and the Treasurer of Queenlaud had esti mated his revenue at only £7,000 more than last year. All evidences showed that this year, up to the present, was worse than last year, and yet the Treasurer had esti mated he would be £152,000 better off. He would now deal shortly with the destruc tive taxation proposals of ths Bndget. It was essentially a rich man's Budget. (Hear, hear.) Dives was being relieved of his load, and the poor man was having a sweltering burden pat on his bask. It meant that out of the poor man's cottage and home they were going to raise £70,000. The " drag-net " embraced £2,282,436 imports, and the main part of the goods on which that was received went either to the poor man's home or into local industries where they were manufactured. Cotton, kero sene and moleskin were heavily taxed, while the luxuries of the rich were being relieved of duties— the sparkling wine, hock and still wine. Mr Harper: Yon know those latter dnties were increased against your own colleague s ad vice. Mr Shiels.— But they were now brought lower than the duties the late Government pro posed. The new taxation taxed the raw material of thriving industries. The primage duties were taken off because there was 6ome truth in the statement that, they rained the dis tributing trade of Melbourne; but the former were the lifting of a little finger to the bringing down of the whole hand. The Budget was framed on principles which would be an inflic tion on the Customs and demoralise the com munity. Having chastised the people with whips they were goiag to scourge them with scorpions ; and they were dealing many a stag gering blow .by taxing all the articles used in many industries. Then, simply on the doctrine that " might ia right," the Government were breaking the solemn covenant entered into with the public servants last year. They had turned 500 or 600 men into the streets, and had made anxious at least 1,500 or 2,000 others depending on them. The Budget was condemned on all hands as a monumental act of insanity. The ' Government had three courses open to them; and he challenged them to one cr the other. They could take their Budget to the country— (Opposition cheers) — take the verdict of the ballot-box upon it, aud the Opposition would , gladly help the Government. (Cheers.) Or they could offer to withdraw and recast the Budget and they would find from the Opposi tion a generous recognition of the difficulties of the Government. If the Government shrank from either of these courses, what a rollick ing time there wonld be in the next few months —what a melee! A drunken shindy at a Donny brook Fair would be decorum itself to the scenes in the House, with a Government dis credited, looking helplessly on while the House played skittles with the Government proposals. Mr M'Intyre: That is your threat. Mr Shiels : Whatever th9 result of the vote, the Opposition would have the satisfaction of recording their condemnation of what every producer, every taxpayer and every servant of the State pronounced against — the " Spook" Budget of 1834. (Opposition laughter.) The " taxation would annihilate the small remnant of the distributing trade of this great city. It was " treacherous, because it aimed a covert but none the less fierce blow at native industries, and it " was iniquitous because it oppressed the poor H man by taxing the necessaries of life in every home and cottage throughout the country. (Oppositign cheers.) SIR JAMES PATTERSON IN REPLY. Sir James Patterson: I think I must first thank the leader of the Opposition for his amusing address. (Oh, aud Hear, hear.) I think we have done some goo I, after all, by ; ! preaching ''hope and cheerfulness," judging. by the way in which it appears to have effected " the hon. gentleman on the other hide.- The hon. gentleman has promised ; us assistance, but it is - - h a kind of assistance wq- would perhaps be better - .- /-r | without. He would give us eome assistance with our Budget he says, and then ha would? , proceed to play skittles With the whole affair. (Laughter.) This is not the assistance we want. But this is perhaps natural to the hon. inwnhwiG ;| With his. splendid ability and fighting tostiimtsw Why; Mr Mason, when he ge s thoroughly f - ;| roused mtocombatantform, my backbone, which he talks about, is a very wibbiy- wobbly affair indeed — (laughter) — compared to the strength Jf of his rhetorical shillelagh. (Loud laughter.) 1 -7 11 The hon. gentleman seems to have beeu within hearing of the toreamsof Djnnybrook;; ::|l Fair ; he does delight in a fight, in alight, (Laughter.) Bak-What fh& 1 7;; '.siiriLhj V .-V -r : " "" " " lip ; . do wife the fluancmr anr at a loss to under- f - ti&nd-; What- witequntatioas from 44 Ally pp. . %pet" and " Joe Miller''— (laughter)— -we ? hwe had tkree-quarteraof anhour of justifica tion of Shiels fluttuace. (Laughter,) That is not .avote of want of confidence in Mr Shiela, and; Bf/;v.>he hadnoiMedtoaxeasehiiistaiyhetook teree-quartersof an hoar to defend Ins borrow- ;V -j'.. riBgd moueyat percent. and lending itat3&. ; (Laughter.) Thecountryisnotuiuch concerned as co the poiaiioa of the Government or of hon. ; . mejphers opposite. There is something more Serieuson the people's jnind at presents (Op- position cheers. ) They want to be sere that the little properties they have acquired may not lose their value; that there may he employment for labor and security for investment. (Cheers.) They want Bteady, wise and progressive govern ment; and neither. neat phrases nor flowers of speech are much to the point. We do not want nieely-baiauced - phrases, hut -nicely - balanced accounts. (Loud Opposition cheers.) But wiule the hoh. member fe prepared to utterly destroy our accounts, he fails to propose anything in their place. It is his duty mid that Of every member to see that the country's obli gations are met. Hear$ hear.) It is no use Asking us to strike off this and that unles3 you Substitute something for it. This is stock taking of the country to balance the national ledger, and to consider how it is 'IV.' Jo 'UvUCt ; JL Uu uvu« fcUllCwldli WaD iuvlt) fairihan usual in giving the Government credit tor what it has done, and the Government does not take credit for more than its share in the process of retrenchment. In four yearn we have managed to reduce the expenditure by 2,000,000 per annum. (Hear, hear.) This yrill justify jus before the world as an honest endeavor to pay our way. (Hear, hear.) The expenses of Government in so small a com munity were altogether out .of proportion— (Hear, hear)— and we made systematic, not spasmodic, retrenchment in a continuous policy on such lines that people struggling on the land woulduot be justified hi complaining that persons in the Government service were twice as well off. (Hear. hear. ) Butnow it ie said that our .retrenchment is too drastic 1 It has been, said to-night that in one department at least our proposals are too drastic, whi'e our taxation is too severe. If the hon. members would only" prove that our proposals go further than is required,' our task would be much more pleasant. It is not pleasant to dismiss men or propose taxation. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer lias had a most unpleasant task ; but he, with the xest of the Government, will reaiise the reward of having done his duty. But if the Treasurer Is too sanguine and will not receive the amount he estimated, is there any reason to take away from him the duties he now proposes? (Mr Best . Stick to them.) Hon. members opposite are dealing with one thing and I with another ; they are dealing with the Government, X am dealing with the Budget — a marked dif ference. If you say the -Houss has no confi dence in the Government, we will understand your action; butif you attack the Budget, why, It is the property of the committee— (loud laughter)— and the committee can do what it likes with it. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr Best : Did you say so last year ? Sir J ames Patterson : The hon. gentleman is the non-party commission man who- wants : tilings done on non-party lines ; and now he is ! awfully disappointed that we intend to leave the Budget- to the sense of the committee. - ; Mr Best: Are you prepared to do it? Sir James Tatter son: It is to be left to the sense of the committee. (Hear, hear.) Deal i vith the Government, if you think proper, but ( do not mix up with it the Budget, which is the / ways and means of the country. (Laughter.) | Zf we do not get money from one source, we must get it from another, and we will ask the j i people to provide the money we require. "You come asking the Government for £20,000 for i this and £30,000 for that, never considering I where the money is to come from ; but when "the Treasurer comes here and asks for means, what is his reception? He is told that his proposals are all wrong. Indeed, I am inAnnpfi fn amva ' mifh mw WW wgavw Vf fttu UJLJ UACUU IlUt? hon member for Prahran. (Laughter.) We can take the Budget back and recast it ; the budget may be altered, or it may be withdrawn. This is now laid down as the proper method of deaiiug with budgets. (Hear, hear, and laugh ter.) To suppose that the Treasurer proceeded to arrange his Budget without reference to the other colonies is inconceivable. They have 25 per cent, in Queensland and 10 per cent, in South Australia and New South Wales. Now, there appears to he some federal movement " in the air" here— (loud laughter)— and the federal spirit is strong; and while primarily our duty is first of all to our own colony, we kept in view our relationship with our neigh bors and the effect that border duties may have on federation. (Hear, hear.) The more you add to the difficulty of dissimilarity, the further it is off. (Hear, hear.) We must bring our tariff inconsonance with the tariffs of our neighbors, and keep steadily in view the object of federation. After all there is only one question which divides us as a people— the question of tariff. (Hear, hear.) Upon all the general laws and everything else we are abso lutely agreed. I am inclined to think- there is something in the federal movement after ell. (Hear, hear.) I believe the people in this colony are solidly in favor of federation and Intercolonial freetrade. (Hear, bear. ) I believe we are nearer to that as the result of the New South Wales elections than ever we weie (Hear, hear.) That was what was in the mind : of the Treasurer when he framed his Budget. I think the members of the Tariff Commission have been grossly misused. The House ap pointed the commission, consisting chiefly of pro tectionists. They went all ova: the colony and collected a great mass of evidence. They then i submitted their report to the House, and I think the manner in which it has been received is altogether incomprehensible. (Hear, hear, and Oh!) The leader of the Opposition says, "Look what the Government have done. The Treasurer is actually reducing the dutv on champagne " Mr M'Lellan : A great shame. Sir James Patterson: The Tariff Commis sion Mr M'Lellan: Oh, they are nobody. (Laughter.) Sir James Patterson: These twelve gentle- ynffl flskcd. th&t; H10 dutr on chdinpEgtiB should be reduced to the Identical figure the Treasurer has made it. (Hear, hear.) We have adopted . the recommendations of this .commission in globo. (Oh.) Therefore how can members say that the Treasurer has surreptitiously in troduced these things? (Hear, hear.) Mr Bromley : What about the lO per cent, on < k&rosene.; (Hear hear.) .Bur James Patterson: If the public were to pea d the papers presented to tins House they . -Would see who it was who made the bulk of ' :J the budget (Oh.) The .Tariff Commission ; Tr found that she general opinion in the country %P | W®8 that prohibitive duties were destructive of i ftion, (Hear, bear.) They found that j the people were in favor of moderate dntie, nn sdopted their viewy believing it to be '«" ' i .pfibt view. It is for tbe House to challenge theythink proper. (Hear, hear.) £ IP1 Accepting the proposals oLthe ; ; Qomimtepn," we raytbere la to be an in- anetax. (When? audlaughter.) ; v--.-.' . Jw.,; '-J J;: Mr MaTdney: ' In the sweet TSy-Skntif-hy, (Laughter.) Mr Beaaley: You have said that before. Sir James Patterson : It will depend onthe opimonof our friends. (Oh! and laughter.) These are tiie gentlemen we desire to keep nearest to us iTpP8sible. (Laaghter.) If you go into battle itwould notbe autcethi&gto; -have, to depend .on your enemies. (Hear, hear.) Last session our friends were eager for 10 percent, duties,, but the (tovemment are not now wedded to 10 per cents. (Loud laughter.) If we are asked we will take off the 10 per cent. (Hear, hear, cheers mid that's what we want.) Bat if that is done we shall have, to ; make the income tax apply early. (Hear, hear? and cheers.) I shall not now hope to re ceivethe support of the leader of the Opposi tion, who opposed the tax last session. Mr Best :' We carried ic for you. Sir James Patterson: We shall not persist in oar Budget proposals. It has been laid down that it would be positive obstinacy in a Govern ment, if the committee are against the proposals, to persevere with them, especially when we our selves do not care much about them— (Oh, and Opposition laughter) — except for the fact that ffiey bring in revenue. Theleader of the Op-, position raid to- night, looking to this corner, 14 What I want is votes." What we want is money. (Hear, hear.) If the income tax is maue to apply early, tne surplus will adjust the finances in a way that there will be no difficulty. . What does .the leader of the Op- positionsay now about his assistance ? (Hear, hear.) Mr Best : We are going to stick to it. Sir James Patterson: Can he give us his assistance now? Let him withdraw his motion and thus assist us. (Opposition laughter.) Mr Shiels : If you will withdraw your Budget I will frankly withdraw my motion. (Opposi tion cheers.) Sir Jame3 Patterson: We have the report of the Tariff Commission and the income tax, and we will not withdraw. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) No, we will not withdraw. (Ah.) Theleader of the Opposition was not content with delay ing business by submitting a no con fidence motion on the address. Since then we have made progress with that great measure intended to give relief by cheapen ing money for industry. (" Oh" and Opposi tion laughter.) Hon. members laugh at that. Don't they believe that — don't they believe it ? (Laughter and " We didn't believe you meant it," and hear, hear.) The principal cause of our deficit is the Ball way Department. That is a great difficulty and also a great asset. There is no doubt that the management of the railways by the State is an excellent thing if there is no loss, for the producer gets profits which would otherwise go into the pockets of private owners. We mast also remember that a great State department, employing so many men, is liable to great political influence. The leader of the Opposition has said that you cannot expect these men to use the spade. If the railways have unfitted our men for work matters axe in a lamentable condition indeed. (Hear, hear.) We find professional men using the spade on the land. We thought the other day that we made an offer that had humanity and feeling m it. It has not been accepted in that spirit, and therefore we say no more about it. After the House has decided tfr«> motion, I trust that it will proceed to business as quickly as possible and adjust matters to the satisfaction of the people, in order that we may be able to give encouragement to the various industries of the laud. (Ironical Opposition cheers.) We want to help by our prospecting vote to send men into the country ; we want to help the men who are settled on the land ; we want to legislate for the toilers in the mallee by giving them the proper area of laud ; we want to see that the taxpayers' burdens are no more they can bear ; and we want to pass the Bill to give cheap money to the people. These are the objects we have in view to maintain the credit pf the colony. (Cheers.) I think there is some patriotism in this community. I believe that the risinsr generation are aettin<r en atmd nln and that they will not' for the sake of indolent enjoyment suffer the country to fall back and its honor and integrity to be challenged throughout the world. We stand better in the eyes of the world to-day than ever we have done before, notwithstanding the fact that we have passed through a period of depression un exampled in the history of the world. There is no meaning m this continual hammering at the Government simply because we are sitting on these benches. If the Government is challenged on some definite issue we shall not remain in these benches for a moment. But to say that the finances of the country depend upon the life of the Government is absurd, (Hear, hear.) We have been giving assistance to all kinds of industries throughout the country, and surely it is npt worth while to further prolong this debate. Our simple desire is to make the ledger balance, and we are prepared to remove from the budget anything which may he objectionable to hon. members. (Cheers.) This Govern ment has no particular claims on thia House. This house was elected under the auspices of the hon. member opposite — (Hear, hear) — and we have to acknowledge the splendid support we have received not only from members on this side of the House, but also from members on the other side. (Cheers.) What we are now concerned about is the finances of the country. If every hou. member insists upon his right to speak it will be impossible to get through the business. But the desire of the Government is to do the work it was appointed to perform, and as for the rest, I leave it to the committee. (Cheers.) VARIOUS QUESTIONS. Mr Dixon understood that the Government had announced that they wouldwithdraw the 10 per cent, duties and the excise on tobacco and sugar. He wished . to know if the Premier would give instructions to the Customs Depart ment to cease collecting those duties to-moieow. Sir James Patterson repHed that, with the sanction of the committee, he would give in structions to the Customs to-morrow not to collect the 10 par cent, duties and the excise, on tobacco and sugar. (Hear, hear.) In reply to Mr Tre&with;, Sir James Patterson said it was the intention of the Government to rigidly adhere to the recommendations of the Tariff Commission. In tegard to some of their recommendations, it was impossible for an understanding to be come to between the importers and the manu facturers ; it had been arranged to overcome that difficulty. The Government were deter mined to adhere to the income tax. Mr T. Smith wished to know if cigars were to be included with tobacco in the instructions , to be given by the Premier to the Customs De partment to-morrow. Sir James Patterson : Yes, certainly. Mr E. Murphy : There has been a rumor that there are 500 or 600 railway employes to be dis chare d. lis that true ? If- trne I shall certainly go against, the Premier if he was my born brother. (Load laughter and cheera.) Sir James Patterson : The rumor arose from the fact that a number of railway men applied to be employed on fall time. They are now working three-quarter time, and it was pointed out that to give them full time would involve the removal of some 600. men. There is no . foundation for the rumor that there is to beany , wholesale dismissal of men of that kind at all. .(Laughter.) . .. "'/ Mr P. M. Saimou wished to know if the Premier would carry out the . whole scheme of "the excise list mid apply tee concession to spirits. He congratulated the Government -on backing down. with regard to. the railway employes. Sir James Patterson replied that the increased excise on spirits was a recommendation of the Tariff Commission, and it was not the intention of the Government", to make any alteration on that head. The utmost possible revenue most b8 got from spirits. Mr Moloney wisved to ask the Premier, seeing lhat he. was in a good homor — (laughter) — whether salaries below £100 a year were to be reduced ? Sir J ames Patterson was glad that the hon. member had referred to this matter. No redac tion whatever had been made in salaries of £100 or under. There were good public ser vants — one- third of the whole— who were un touched by any retrenchment proposal. No man receiving 6s. a day was retrenched at all. It could not be too often reiterated that men receiving £100 a year or less were not to be touched. Mr Harper moved that progress should be reported. Agreed to. 