'DO « HOSTS BE ? WALKIN'?' I The spook controversy in Sydney (say el ' Woomera' in tbe Australasian) seems! to bsve resolved Itself Into this position. I Tbe oleverness ot Mrs. Msllon and Mr.l Hosklog as conjurers is admitted, and! tbe ghosts wonld be laid were it not fori tbe fact tbat Dr. M'Csrthy believes ioH tnem, ana a grea; many people aecune io^^b disbelieve wbst Dr. M'Usrtby believes.^H A nsmesske and fellow-countryman of^H Dr. M'Carthy states bis sttltuds on tbe^^B spook qosstlon thus :— Hov' yiz beard uvthe contintionfa theSydnej^^H dally press, Where they ask, ' Do ghosts be walkin' nothln' more an' nothio* less, Though I hov' me doubts upon ad, ehoore willio' to confess, Thot I'm eidin' in the qaarrel with M'Cai Chobus. Shoore its Binry thried to foozle 'em, an^^^H Hoakina to bamboozle 'em, When prisentatthesperHt-liften party.^^H Bnt its gospel throot I m tellin', tbat the^^H Maos '11 all be yellin', If tbey dare to cast aspnrahuns M'Carthy. wnin yiz *aiit ,n» airier than ye'd think, For I're rue 'em many mornin's whin me bead was thick wid dhrink. Some was green 'an some was yalla, bnt the boolk of 'em was pink, An' they lep in wild dirarshun round M'Carthy. As tor Hoskios proria' anythink, his chance is most forlorn— Perhaps his mother rut some aperrit on the day that he waa born— He can airy raise the timper an' unmitigated aoorn, Bnt he'll niver raise the fifty of M'Carthy. Whin Josephine wss walkin', shoore the scoffers fairly shuk, And whin they grabbed the madium twae indeed a spoke that spuk, For I got it from a cartwheel juiht to lash about the ruok, Shod tbey thry to take advantage uv M'Carthy. As the sperritshuk the curtain,' I miatuk it for a shirt, , . , , Thin 'twas somethln' lolke a stookm, ana H 'twas ahllghtly like a shirt. . ? YIe oan bould yer own opinion, but rlmlmoer ye'U be hurt, ,, H If yiz dar to doubt or oontbradlct M'Carthy. H Jusht take me qnlet an' aisy, an' I'm harmlesi H u a Umb, l ? As I'm not presarvio' Mellom yiz oan smash H them up for jam, . But ye'U fanoy thot yer body has bceo thrampled be a thram, . Sbnd yiz praotolze any manensss M'Carthy. Whin the llghU is low an' blinklu*. Its a luvcly tfmetoooort, .„„rrit. 8o if ye'd lolke an avenln' uv the sperrit raliln' sort, . . Where they mix up 'the mystarious «w Yiz Mn^ve asesya^d'ark and askM'Cartby. Ohobus. Shoors Its Hlnry tried to foozle 10 Hosklut to bamboozle 'em, Macs 'fi all bo yslUn', „ If they dar to oast aspurshoni M'Cirtby.' 