NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, and Shiny." Fashionable Doctor—" My dear young lady, you are drinking unfiltered water, which swarms with animal organisms. You should have it boiled—that will kill them." Fair American—" Well, doctor, I guess I'd sooner be an aquarium than a cemetery, any- how." Warm. Suicide. Theatre. Cyclorama. "Continentals." Sunday trading. Bain at Cockburn. Postal Conference. Shipping difficulty. Fire at Birkenhead. Village settlements. A charge of forgery. A mutinous seaman. Intercolonial cricket. Democracy in Athens. Cycling championship. Democratic candidates. Yachting at Auckland. "Storm and Sunshine." A lover poisons himself. Rich gold at Coolgardie. " The Song of the Bell." Sad tragedy at Wallaroo. Another old colonist gone. Fast passage by a steamer. Suicide at Wallaroo mines. Child drowned near Milang. A woman swallows matches. Heavy rains at Alice Springs. Six policemen after " Jacky." Victoria has beaten Tasmania. American ships fired at in Brazil. "The Silence of Dean Maitland." A Sydney bookmaker imprisoned. Cigars are cheap in New Australia. A house burnt down at Birkenhead. The Polynesien at Albany yesterday. The ghost still walks at the Cyclorama. Railway employes and ambnlance work. Missionaries in Japan having a bad time. Charles Bradlaugh died on January 30, 1891. A disorderly free-trade meeting at Rich- mond. The Theatre Royal will be to let after next Friday. The authorities; are suppressing beting in Sydney. King Charles I. was beheaded on January 30,1649. The Treasurer does nob think much of the Marine Board. Herr Heinicke's orchestra at to-morrow's " Continental." The complete democratic ballot-paper will be found elsewhere. The Federal Bank stopped payment on January 30,1893. Bayley's Reward claim at Coolgardie is now returning 1,200 oz. weekly. "Storm and Sunshine" at the Theatre Royal is well worth a visit. The water difficulty at Coolgardie assuming serious dimensions. Sir James McCulloch, late Premier of Vic- toria, died on January 30, 1893. A list of labor nominees for the May elec- tions appears in another column. Professor Lowrie says the majority of farms in South Australia are profitable. The Parrataatta is expected to arrive Largs Bay on Wednesday afternoon. An attractive orchestral and vocal pro- gramme for to-morrow's Continental. The enchanted fountain of laughing waters refreshes the onlookers at the Cyclorama. About 50 policemen were present at the Free-trade League meeting at Richmond. The Japanese are demanding the expulsion of foreign missionaries from their country. A Parliamentary party inspecting sites suit- able for village settlements on the Murray. The Marine Board left on a visit of inspec- tion to the south-eastern lighthouses to-day. An ostrich with a healthy appetite had a high old time at Dublin on Sunday evening. The Public Works Department have sent 123 more men to St. Kilda during the last fort- night. Nineteen nominations of labor candidates have been received by the United Labor Party. Mr. A. Poynton, M.P., is going to make enquiries into the frozen meat industry in Brisbane. The newly-constructed line from the Grange to Henley Beach will be opened for passenger traffic on Thursday. "Chrysymenia Husseyana" is the name given to a new variety of seaweed discovered by Miss Hussey, of Port Elliot. The Eastern Suburban Band have had to discontinue their Sunday afternoon per- formances at the Botanic Gardens. A mutinous seaman on board the Beemah proposed to out the captain's throat and take the vessel to the South Sea Islands. Missionaries in Japan are declared to be a hindrance to religion and order, and their ex- pulsion from the country is demanded. A woman in Dunedin having quarrelled with her husband swallowed three boxes of matches and died some days afterwards. The shareholders of the Freehold Invest- ment and Banking Company have decided to accept the Hon, James Balfour's offer of 25,000 in return for a clearance of his liability. "Let me see," said a minister who was fill- ing out a marriage certificate and had forgotten the^date, "this is the fifth is it not?" "No, sir," replied the bride with some indignation, "this is only my second." First Thin Man—"What makes you so thin, friend ?" , Second Thin Man—" Why, I'm a jockey—been training to win races. What makes , you so thin ?'' First Thin Man— "Well, I've been betting that you would win." A mother was calling the attention of her boy to the moon, which was to be seen clearly but pallidly in the early afternoon. "Why, you can't see the moon in the daytime," re- plied the youngster. "Oh, yes, you can; there it is over the trees." The little fellow | looked and had to admit the fact that he saw it; but he added, "Taint lighted, anyhow." An example of unconscious frankness on the part of a waiter is reported by a customer of one of those cheap Paris restaurants whose showy wine lists are believed to be very much more varied and extensive than the liquors in their cellars. "Does monsieur prefer the Macon at one franc, or the Chateau Leoville at one franc and a half?" asked the waiter. What is the difference?" enquired the cus- tomer. "Half a franc, monsieur," was the prompt reply. A city clergyman who was preaching in a neighboring village astonished the congrega- tion by saying—"I wish to return to the city by the first train, as I have a wife and five children there, and have never seen one of them." This declaration excited the most pain- ful curiosity among the good people, which was allayed, however, when it became known that the "one" which the clergyman had never seen was one that had been born since he left home the day before. Mrs. Golightly (fishing for a compliment)— "Ah, Mr. McJoseph, beauty is the most precious of all gifts heaven has vouchsafed to us women. I'd sooner possess beauty than any- thing. else in the world;" Mr. McJoseph (under the impression that he is making him self agreeable)—"I'm very sure, my dear madam, that any regret you may possibly en- tertain on that score is amply compensated for by—er—by—the innate consciousness of your moral worth, you know—and—of your very many and numerous superior mental accom- plishments." 