BISHOP KENM ION AND CONTINUITY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I did not quote Dr. Littledalo to prove ihati tho English reformers were the scum of the earth, but merely to prove that High Churchmen called them 'unredeemed villains' aud 'utter tcounareis, ana saia that to tho reformers plunder, sacrilege, udultery, and perjury were almost aa habitual as sleeping and waking' (letter to the Guardian, Alay, 18GS). Now thia is quite a different) thing. Both personally and by repute I know the author of ' Plain Roasous' too well to let any statement) deptmd on bis veracity. To my certain knowledge he wrote what ever paid, end lied first on ono side and then on the other. That High Church peoplo pro fess intense contempt for those they term dis3entors is well known, but as they aro them salves dissenters from the Catholic Church they might be a little more modest. Is the pot calling the kettle black ? The founders of the Anglican Church deemed tba Catbolio Church idolatrous because she believed in the Blessed Sacrament and in tho Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. In place of this Church thoy established tha Protestant Churoh of England. Anglicans are beginning to bo thoroughly nshamod of their Church and to hate the name of Protestantism. They want to hang on to the skirts of tho Church they tried in vam to crush out by ripping up and putting to death all 'massing priest3.' Some olutoh bold of one dootrine, uome of another, eomo of all, some believe in 'auricular con fession,' the immaculate conception, prayers for the dead, and even Papal supremacy, that ' keystone of the perfect arch of truth and unity' which the learned Anglican divine tells us U '' tha ehiefejfc in important and most needed,' the right of Peter'a successor aa ' patriarch of tho Churoh universal' to guide both aheop and pastor. (The Church under Elizabeth, p. 13.) '0. Zinx' confusas matters of discipline with matters of fact. Moreover, ho forgets tiiad on questions on which Cod has not spoken Catholios agree that all are free to hold their own opinions; onca He has spoken, thoy all agree that causa finila cst, and they all uuito in accepting his teaching, i.e., the teaching of his Church. The Catholio faith ia not a dead code of dogmas; tho Church is a living teacher unfolding and defining tho deposit of faith as tho needs of humanity require : as the full blown rose was in the bud to were all her later definitions ever implicitly contained in her earliest teaching. Our Lord built up tho body of the Church while ou earth. On tha day of Pentecost he scut the Holy Ghost to dwell in it aa tho soul in the body; from that hour she became a living and divine teacher. She upeaks through her her.d, acts by hor various membe:=, which have life only eo long as they ere united to her. She is one in hi* myatioal life, as all persona are ono. Now if it ia the Holy Ghost who dwells in her, gives hor life, and speuks through her, common sanso requires that those who thus bolievo should also bdiovo whatever she teaches. To accept tho teaching of the Church in one ago rather than in another is to deny the fundamental truth that she is indwelt by the Holy Ghost, whose voice ii ie_ who speaks. It is illogical nnri absurd. Chris!; promised that tho Holy Ghost should lead the Churoh into ail truth, and that sha should last till tho end of the world. Of this visible Church he made Peter the visible head, ind ' Petor still lives and rules in Leo.' Whatever divine teaching power tha Ohuroh had iu the fifth cantury thar oho haa in the nineteenth, neither more nor less then aa now. She could not err in matters of faith, because she was indwelt by the Holy Ghost, and Christ haa promised that heresy and schism, the gates of hell, shall nover prevail against her. I am, Sir, &o.;, DISCORDANT HARMONY. 