THE STORY OF A LOST SOUL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON. AUTHOR OF "THE GREEN HILLS BY THE SEA," "NOT A MOMENT TO SPARE," "THE OLD ADAM," &c.;, &c.; (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued.) In the open air he was dismayed at the unsteadiness of his legs. Pulling himself together, he set off to walk home, but when he reached the cottage he thought of his father and mother and sister, and was ashamed to go in. While he stood there, clinging to the gate for support, a footstep sounded up the raod, and a moment or two later a tall young fisherman came striding out of the darkness. His name was Fen Fayle. He was the son of an old weaver, who lived up at the top of the glen. "What's amiss, Mr. George ?" asked Ben, staring. George answered thickly he did no quite know. "Has anyone been having a game with you ?" was Ben's next question. "If I had the faller here, I'd like to pound him. You can't go in like that at all, Mr. George." George looked miserably at the house. He knew how anxiously they would be expecting him inside, and yet he could not deny that Ben was right. "It's an accident, Ben," he said, "an unfortunate accident. It shan't occur again. You see if it will." :Will you mind coming home with me for a bit ?" asked Ben. "it's only a poor sort of place, but you'll be welcome there. After a while you'll feel right again." Without waiting for an answer the young fisherman took the lad's arm, and so they went up the glen to- gether. The path was steep and rocky, twisting as the stream twisting among the gorse wand heather so that a stranger would have found it im- possible to follow by night without stumbling. But both knew it well, Ben especially. On this occasion, however, he seemed far from easy in his mind. He kept glance back over his shoulder continually, and when they reached a grassy plateau he stopped and listened. "They're not looking for us, Ben, are they ?" asked George anxiously. Ben dropped his arm and, without a word, made a spring backwards into the darkness. George stared blankly after him, but could not see him. He could only hear him crashing through the bracken. CHAPTER IX GEORGE AND THE DRAGON (MODERN VERSION). While some, Alistair Grove among the number, used the Dragon as a sort of club, Joe Killey used it as a place to get drunk in. He was at the bar the whole time that George was in the bar parlor, but being short or cash—the Scadden cows come of a healthy stock, and needed but little physic—he was much more sober than usual. As he stood near the door, everything that was said in the next room reached his ears. Indeed, George spoke so loudly in his excitement that his voice could have been heard across the market-place. When he left, Killey slouched out after him, and walked stealthily behind, followed the lad all the way home. In spite of his caution, however, he was so absorbed in watching George that he had only just time to get out of the way of Ben Fayle : he dodged into a gateway, and there waited. The conversation between the two he could not hear, he was too far away. It was, therefore, a surprise to him to see them going together in the direction of the glen. Curous about their move- ments, he followed them up the steep path, and believed his presence to be unknown to them, when, of a sudden, he heard a crash among the bracken in front, and saw Ben Fayle standing with uplifted fist before him. "You thought I didn't see you, did you ?" shouted Ben. "This is your work, is it ? Take that hten, you coundrel." and he dashed his fist ito Killey's face. Killey staggered back, taken com- pletely by surprise. But he soon re- covered himself, and, with his great arms swinging like the sails of a wind- mill, rushed at the young fisherman as though he would crush him to powder. Ben had no notion of pugilism ; he just stood his ground and hit out with all his might. Like bulls they fought, hurling their massive bodies against on another, neither for a time having much advan- tage. At the shock of the collision quaint figures crept cautiously out of a cottage here and there among the heather, and when they say how matters stood shouted lustily to Ben. With them came George Vane, sud- denly sobered, yet fearful about con- sequences. "It was not his doing, Ben," he said. But Ben had gripped the big, loose= limbed cow doctor round the waist, and would not let him go. For a few moments they stood swaying to and fro, legs locked in legs, Killey's body so bent that it seemed as if his back must break. Then, with a mighty effort, Ben flung him right away, and Killey fell with a heavy thud among the bracken behind. "Well done, lad, well done !" cried the men around. But Ben only wiped the blood form his face. Killey, at first stunned by the fall, showed no disposition to resume the contest afterward. He rose sullenly and said : "I'll have the law on you, Ben Fayle." "Aye, go to your friends, the police," said Ben. "Maybe, you'll find them of more use to you than your fists." "You may laugh at them now," said Killey ; "you won't soon though, I'll warrant." The bystanders looked significantly at one another. "What will we do with him, lads ?" asked one. "Heave him in the tide," answered another. Two of three made a move towards Killey. But George interposed. "Ben has thrashed him," he said. "Isn't that enough ?" After his threat the men were re- luctant to let him off so easily. But while they talked he kept edging father and father away, and when at length he turned and commenced his retreat in earnest, nobody attempted to stop him. They contented them- selves with shouting opprobrious epo- thets after him. It turned out that Ben Fayle had been under some misapprehension. He had, after all, noticed Killey hiding near the Vane's new home, and hav- ing previously seen him in the market- place had supposed him to have been the cause of George's condition. "It would have been just like him," declared Ben. "There's been some talk about you, Mr. George, and that poor young gentleman who was killed. It's not a nice thing to speak about," added he, seeing George wince, "and I wouldn't do it, only I know it's all foolishness and worse. But there is a big lump of money offered by Captain Willmott for information, and one or two wastrels, Joe Killey, among them, are hungering after it. If anyone had given you drink to make you open your mouth too wide, he's the man to have done it. I thought he had ; when I found him following us up here, I felt sure I was right. That's whi I wnt for him." "And now," said George, "he'll go about telling police I got you to try and murder him." Ben pulled a very long face. "by thunder, Mr. George, you're right," he exclaimed. "It was the very thing he will do. What a fool I've made of myself ! One does things on the moment and vever thinks of the mischief to follow. What'll I do now ? Go after him and ask him to make it up up?" "Indeed, you shall do nothing of the sort, Ben. It was a fair fight, and you whacked him. Everybody who saw it can say that. Let him do his worst. I don't think I'll go in," said he, for they had stopped at the door of the weaver's cottage. "It must be very late. I had better be getting home." "Just as you will," said Ben. "Anyway, I'll see you safe out of the glen." So Ben accompanied his young friend as far as the road, and there said good night to him. When George reached home he found his father and mother in the greatest alarm about him. They had even been out with lanterns search- ing for him, but recognising the hope- lessness of the task had returned to the house, where they had waited trembling at every footstep in the road. Instantly relieved though they were at seeing him they could not fail to notice his embarrassment. He could not meet their eyes ; to all their ques- tions he returned confused answers. When asked where he had been he said he had been up the glen as far as the weaver's cottage ; a strange proceeding, they thought, at such an hour. It was literally true, but is was the nearest approach to an untruth that the lad had ever uttered to his parents, and he felt overwhelmed with shame. Their kindness only added to his discomfort. His socks were damp, his mother insisted, and she fetched a dry pair, which he had to put on ; his father opened a bottle of chery brandy, one of two or three brought as a luxury from Cushlabeg, pured out a glass, looked at it with tender pride, and handed it to his son to drink ; Rachel, while he sat before the fire,exerted herself to the utmost to amuse him. And this, thought George, is the house I have called miserable ! And these are the people I have shunned, preferring even the company of Alistair Grove ! But next day, when all the petty domestic economies had to be practised again, the grumbling fretting re- commenced. Then this looked dif- ferently. Depression makes itself more kennly felt in the morning ; it is only a healthy young person without a care in the world who can laugh heartily at breakfast-time. In that category none of the Vanes could be placed, and as they sat around the meagre table there was upon their faces a settled gloom. It so happened that Mrs. Vane had more complaint than usual to find with her husband. He bore it all very meekly ; if he answered her at all it it was only to confess to some fault with which he had chared him ; but this patience only irritated her the more. At last George could endure it no longer. He rose and went out, wan- dering for some time about the country, but eventually drawn towards the town by his anxiety to know whether any- thing had yet resulted from the affair of the previous night. But so far as he could learn Killey had done nothing. He had not taken out a summons against Ben Fayle ; he had made no allusion to the encounter ; he seemed content to let it drop, or else was biding his time. But those who had witnessed the scene were not likely to pass it over in silence. They spread about the story how Joe Killey, on the track of the blood money, had come sneaking up the glen by night, and how Ben Fayle had thrashed him handsomely. In consequence Ben be- came quite a hero, and although George had played a very insignificant part in the proceedings, some share of the glory fell to him. He had to describe the fight again and again ; in order to do this better he hand many invitations into the Dragon. But he declined them all, and that night went home early. Unfortunately, his good resolutions did not last. His mother's perpetual grumbling, partly the result of failing health, and his own enforced inactivity, made he lad hunger for some excite- ment to help him to forget the troubles and dangers by which he was sur- rounded. So when a party of young fellows on their way to the inn asked him to accompany them, he con- sented, after a very short struggle. Moderation was not in George's nature. He drank and smoked more than was good for him ; then he went shamefacedly homewards, resolving to act differently on the morrow ; yet when the morrow came doing the very same thing again. With anyone less simple, or less de- voted to him, than his parents he could not have escaped detection. But while they could not help noticing certain peculiarities in his conduct, it never occurred to the old people that the son of whom they were so proud could be giving way to excess, dis- tressed though they were at absenting himself night after night. Their un- suspiciousness encouraged him in th course he was pursuing. He grew so reckless that his dissipated habits were known to nearly everybody in Scadden except the threee most intimately con- cerned ; it was a matter of frequent remark that young George Vane was going fast to the dogs. By those who had been inclined to connect him with the murder of Henry Willmott his conduct at this time was regarded as confirming their opinions. Hattie was painfully aware of what was going on. She had her own sources of information, and she utilised them to the fullest extent where George was concerned. But when it came to checking him in his downward career, she found herself powerless, for she could not succeed in speaking to him alone. Once or twice she saw him in the distance, but in each case he had disappeared before she reached the spot. Although she could not believe that he purposely shunned her, she could not help feeling a little hurt, yet this did not interfere with her anxiety to meet him. So she kept watch for him on his way to and from the Dragon, and one evening about dusk pounced upon him on the outskirts of town. "We are strangers now, George," she said, coldly. And the lad turned crimson and hung his head. "Why is that?" she asked. "We said good-bye, didn't we, at Cushlabeg," he stammered. :Then your words had no meaning," said Hattie You told me how fond you were of me. Was it true ? I can't believe it." "Did I ever tell you a lie ?" de- manded George, thoroughly roused now. "I loved you with all my heart and soul. I do still—more than ever— because I am so miserable. Oh, Hattie, you don't know how miserable I am. Miserable about my people—about myself—about you. The old home is gone, and the old life, and the old hap- piness. There is nothing left but misery." "There is manhood," said Hattie, very gently, "and manhood is strong." "And I am weak, you mean. It is weak to love you, yet to feel I can never marry you ? I told you so that night. I see it a hundred times more plainly now." "But why, George ? Tell me Why." "Because things are going from bad to worse. We seem to be pursued by some fiend. What have my father and mother done that all this should have come upon them ?" "But are you doing your best for them?" Again George hung his head and wa silent. "There has been much talk about you lately," proceeded Hattie. "What do I care?" cried George, with irritation. "It's nothing to me what people say. Why don't they mind their own business ? And why do you listen to them ? If any fellow dared to breathe a syllable against you I'd knock him down. I don't believe you care a bit about me." "Then why have I come here to speak to you ?" "You know that best. It isn't such pleasant things you're saying." "You know I love you, George," said Hattie, earnestly, after a pause. "I would do anything in the world for you. And if you love me as you say you do—if you really wish ever to marry me—I will wait for you, no matter how long it may be—for years and years, if necessary. That would be something to look forward to, you said, when we met last. Will you try to bring it about ?" "If only I could," he said, wavering between hope and despair. "You can. Believe me, you can if you really try. But you must not stay here ; you must go away ; you must go away at once." His face clouded, there were so many reasons against his going. "It is impossible," he said. "It is not impossible, George. You must leave Scadden." "I think you are wrong, Miss Duke," said a voice behind. It was Alistair Grove who spoke. He had approached unnoticed, walk- ing on the soft grass by the road- side. "Indeed, I am sure you are wron," he proceeded. "It would be suicidal for George to leave Scadden just now." "But, why, Mr. Grove ?" asked Hattie. "Because he would be supposed to be running away. I know for a fact he is watched, and if he attemted to leave the town the police would drop upon him." "Then I'll go," said George. "It is unbearable keeping on like this. There must be an end of it. I'll go and get it over." And Hattie, with her hands clasped, gazed at him distractedly, not knowing what to advise, thinking that perhaps she had urged him to destruction. CHAPTER X. THE BARBER CUTS AND RUNS. Alistair Grove and George Vane walked with Hattie as far as her own door and there left her. Afraid that in his present mood he might drift into the Dragon she would gladly have detained George, but no opportunity for speaking privately to him arose, and she did not like to run the risk of vexing him by mentioning the sub- ject before Grove. The hing which she feared happened. Just this once, George said to himself, and then never again ; it will be the last time. For on the morrow he meant to bring matters to a climax either by leaving Scadden, or if the police objected, by letting them arrest him. That was his present intention, but he had not yet had time to look it fairly in the face. There was a larger party than usual that night in the bar of the Dragon, and in consequence liquor flowed freely and the talk was boisterous at times, George's voice being heard above all the rest. Joe Killey, of course, sat in his customary chair behind the door, but he did not join in the con- versation. He kept quite to himself, smoking, and apparently absorbed in the newspaper which he held before his ugly face, still further disfigured by several patches of plaster. Among the party was Quine, the barber, a long, lean, lanky-jawed young man, with prominent eyes, long red hair, and a growth of stubbly beard upon his chin. It seemed as if he whose business it was to shave others never shaved himself, knowing perhaps the capabilities of his own razors, for seldom did a cus- tomer leave Quine's shop without holding a handkerchief to cheek or ear. Quine was a great talker—in fact, it was the chief fart of his stock-in-trade —and like most great talkers he had little tact. After waiting for a lull in the con- versation, he said— "It's a queer thing they're saying about Cushlabeg. Did any of you hear tell of it ?" "Hush, hush, Quine !" exclaimed two of three at once ; while there was a general turning of faces towards George. "There's no harm in it," said Quine ; "some people are going about saying there's a ghost at Cushlabeg ; that's all." "Whose ghost might it be ?" asked one." "I can't say for that at all. Only they've been hearing things—aye, and seeing them, too—and they're a bit skeered like, so it looks ad if there was something in it." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 