W FELL-THOBPE MOST. a By " LUCY HARDY" (Mbs C. Loed), Author of " Our Dear Dogs," etc., etc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, "Sleepy Hollow," as I have heard Fell. Thorpe irreverently described. by casual visitors but I loved the place well. It was one of chose hundreds of pretty English villages lyW nestled away amid green hills and woods, whora existence is practically unknown to any save resi dents in the vicinity. It had its 41 great house" near, but Sir Henry Colvil, our squire, was a middle-aged bachelor, who lived chiefly abroad or in Louden ouly paying his country estate a brief visit in : the shooting reason. There was no inducement) 1 for any family to bury itself in a remote couutry place, without society, though my Uncle Philip had been vicar at Fell-Tborpe for twenty year?, and would not have exchanged the living for an archbishopric. A quiet studious man, immersed in hiB books, Fell- Thorpe exactly suited hin. He hated society our village afforded none; his means were small ; Fell -Thorpe was a cheap place of resi dence. He was & good and earnest man in the performance of his clerical duties, but the most fervid zeal could not fill up the entire day with pastoral work amid so small a population. So that with all his duties to his flock, scrupu lously performed, Uncle Philip had yet leisure to puteue his beloved studies, and think out his great always-to-ha written book ; I believe on she subject of the differential calculus. Look ing bacs, I can understand what a sacrifice of inclination to duty Uucle Phiiip made when he consented to receive me, a girl of eighteen, into his quiet household. My mother was Uucle Philip's only sister, aud had eloped with an artist twenty years before, dying when I was about six years old. Uncle Philip had opposed her mairiige as strongly as so gentle a creature couid oppose anything, aud it was pertly in coosequeuce of his desertion by his mother (who had lived with him in his London curate days, aud had kept his house) that he was was so ready to bury himself with hi books in a remote country village. Little intercourse passed betw-eu the brother aud sister in after years, although no actual quarrel ever took place (I cannot imagine Uncle Philip quarrelling with am one), and after my mother died, my father kept up no correspondence with his brother- m law. Only when my father was dying did he be think him of the relative of whom 1 knew , nothing, and write, consigning his penniless ' orphan niece to his care. <J£ my father I would pr- fer not to speak ; he was my parent whatever were his short comings. I believe, in his way, he loved me; be managed to keep me at sih >oI uuul i was sixteen, and then, when the iady principal, wearied of the irregularity of his piy:ueuts, politely but firmly declined to retain me longer, he shared his Bohemian menage with me. H.a had talent undoubtedly, and might ha ve nade his mark in the world had he chosen to do so, but patrons and dealers weary of encouraging an artist who can never be relied upon to com plete a picture or keep an engagement, while a taste for cards and dice soon drains away a larger income than usually itlU to the lot of even a successful painter. T wo uncomfortable, restless yt-ars intervened between my quieting school and tak.ng up my residence witb Uucie Pnilip — years of shifting about in cheap pen sions in France and Italy ; of dt-bts, duns, questionable Bohemian associates; tears which taught me to appreciate evtn sleepy Feii- Tho'.pe as a haven of refuge from a trouoiesouie world. Uncle Phiiip had generously re ponded to the appeal to receive Ids sister's child, aud even made the sacrifice (no slight one to a man of his shy, recluse habits) of journeying so far as Dover to meet me Mid take me to my new horns. I shril never forget the anxious, puzzled glances the g-od oid mau cast at me as 1 sat opposite to him iu the train, evidently regarding me as a strange creature, of whose habits aud ways he w&» ignorant. " 1 hope you will be happy in your new home, my dear," he said, atieugib. " I have never been accustomed to take care of young girls." "I liave always been accustomed to take care of myself, L'ncie Philip; at leasr, ever since I left school," I replied truthfully ; aud Uncle Philip's countenance lightened consider ably as he said, iu a tone of relief, 44 Have ycu, indeed, my dear ; I am glad to hear it ; 1 dare say we shall get on very well together." Very well indeed we had got on for over four years. My arrival had made very little difference m Uncle Pudip's habits, and Deborah, the oid housekeeper, who was at first inclined to reBeut my coming soon learnsd to tolerate me amicably when she found 1 never interfered with her. For myself, it was such a blessing to be spared all the me in shifts ani contrivances of our former existence : never to have to confront insolent landladies or clamorous tradespeople, to live in an atmos phere of solvency and respectability : for small as was Uncle Philip's income, it was amply sufficient to supply all his modest requirements, and even leave a little surplus over. Moreover I had an occupation, and occupied people are never dull. I had inherited something of my father's artistic tastes, and had cultivated my capacity for painting under his tuition. Fell-Thorpe was rich in 44 bits" suitable for landscape paint ing ; Mid I was able, through a picture- dealer in London, who once patronised my father, to sell sufficient sketches and small studies to supply myself with a modest tittle income, enough for all my private needs, uncle Phihp absolutely refusing to allow me to contribute to the household expenses, which he declared I scarcely increased. So we lived tranquilly'to- gether Uncle Philip deep as ever in his books, I busy with my easel Dull as Fell-Thorpe was, we possessed one source of excitement, we had a local ghost. The village church, though small, was au ex ceptionally beautiful one ; it h&d; been built early in the fourteenth century by some un known benefactor, after the loving, lavish style in which our forefathers were then wont to erect sacred edifices, and through the poverty of the local residents had happily escaped the 44 beautifying" (by galleries and whitewash) of the eighteenth century, and the yet mere destructive "restoring" of the nineteenth. A convent of nunB had formerly adjoined the church (the conventual buildings h&d; been destroyed at the Dissolution) and a curious sort of -gallery at the west end of tike church was still called the 44 N uns' Gallery." It was shut in by an exquisitely carved stone tracery, which rendered the oocupants invisible below (unless they actually thrust their heads out of one single kind of 44 oeil de boeuf" in the middle of this stone screen) and yet enabled persons in the gallery to hear the service in the church below, and even to catch glimpses of the con gregation through the open spaces Between the carving. This gallery 3 disused now, but tradition asserted that it was once connected by a passage with the convent; and that the nuns had been wont tooocupy it oMWt feetivaU, whe&4hev attended service in the cWh. Hew was t£e looaleof the Fell-Thorpe ghost. Ill daysf yore, so ran the legend, a oertain valiant kuieht deceased, leaving large estates to his eldest daughter Sibyl ; but providing that, should she die without issue, they should descend to Him younger daughter Maud, child of his second wife. Ilia widow, who proved the typical wicked stepmother,'- had therefore a strong motive, if nut to take the life of her step daughter, at least to keep her unmarried. This latter plan was easily carried out. Sybil was betrothed to a young knight who joined the Crusades; plausible evidence of his death was forged, and the heart-broken girl easily ngj. suaded to immure herself in a convent. Wh£n her betrothed returned she was for ever hidden from his sight. Years rolled by, and some of the nuns, among them Sybil, now Sister Ave migrated to the newly-elected cloister at Fell- Thorpe. And it so chanced, on one high festival, when the nuns were singing behind their Btone screen in the church gallery, that Sister Ave beheld among the congregation beneath, the lover whom she had iong mourned as dead, alive and well, and with a fair young bride by his Bide "With one wild call on her lover's name the nun thrust her head through the opening iu the screen to gaze once more on his beloved features, and then sank back insensible, and expired, literally of a broken heart, as the scandalised sisterhood were carrying her away. And, the story ran, on each anniversary of her death, a pallid face in nunmoif and wimple looked out of the gallery, and a wailing cry ro3cunded through the church. It was even added that sometimes the spectre 11 named" some of the local residents, and that the persons so distinguished invariably died during the year; but the ghost had not been "personally interviewed" for centuries, as its manifestations only took place at mid night, and tradition had not preserved the exact date of Lady Sybil's tragic demise. The legend was remembered because Fell- Thorpe foik had so iirtle to talk about. The old sexton, and eveu Philip, conscientiously related the story to any stray visitor who was taken ovtr the church; and the former, at least, devoutly believed in it. Still, as no one iu tb- village was likely to be in the church at the hours the ghost " walked" we were far too sleepy for " watch-night" or kindred services), rar local spectre was at least a most inoffensive oue. Among our few resident neighbors were an old mrjvi and his wife, the latter rather an invalid. They had come to Fell-Thorpe some years ago, aud apparently 1 .eked the energy to g.t a» ay again. Their little house suited them ; Sirs liraut was benefited by the country air; tiioy tound variety in an occasional visit to B .th or Buxton, and returned to Fell- Thorpe always talking of removing, but never carrying cut Their tin eat. Uncle Philip and the major becjme great cronies. Froui lack of other occupation. Major Grant became an enthusiastic arch. ologist. IU took iu a quantity of litera ture on tne subject- remarkably dull publica tions they appeared to me— and he was always prowling about the church and finding (or imag ing si'iue hitherto undiscovered attraction in its hoary stones. He had lately lighted upon a small window in the chancel, now built up, and had conceived the theory that this was one of the anoiout " lepers' windows" (made to allow the victims of that fearful disease to behold from without the church sacred rites they might not mingle with the congregation to share iu), and w.is simply wild to have this window re open- d and htied with stained glass. He suc- e e ed iu infecting Uncle Philip with hi6 enthu siasm, but restorations cost money, t his con sideration, however, by no means damped the major's zeal. Ilis idea was that we should gath r all we possibly could in the neighbor hood. and then make an appeal to the gene rosity of t tie public in the newspapers, setriug forth how we had done our little all, and now r.p; ; to " lovers of arebmoiogy" to help us to c,-oi; -Ute our good work. " i .1 a .1 you what I'll do myself," said the nvij i , 1 li give you a beautiful old seveu- Ucdii c -iiTury alms-box in carved oak — I picked it up <. lie iply abroad one year — aud you can set it up in the church aud invite contributions i" r cur fund. Why, my "dear fellow, surely c-ve i th poor folk wiii feel a little interest in so imp rtuut, so local, an object. Now .Sunday we<. k is yt.ur harvest thanksgiving — by-tbe- uuy, ir Henry will be down here then— you just rreuoh a good, impressive sermon, and pomt >,ut the architectural gem 1 have dis- c v, r.-d, and invite liberal contributions." " iivt-iyone is poor here," sighed uncle ' 1 V.or people can give something — look what a yewr this has been for the farmers (it was sunn;, beside we never had any real local J t.i :i- e Memorial. Now, the restoration of this int. .n-ting— this glorious — window, would be a vt-ry titling one." i urii- d away by the tide of enthusiasm, 1 uc Philip readily consented to exert his best utnee to induce the congregation to believe itMt to contribute to our "Restoration Fund" w nisi hi the must appropriate form of evincing t .- h thankfulness for the harvest of 1SS7 and the Ac.estiou of 1837. " iuit we really canuot — knowing the circum- b. an "ts ul the congregation expect above " ' i'eu pounds,' interpolated the major ; " re- me i.m r :kr Henry will be there and all his Svn ants."' " Xo.no, say seven — well, maybe rather over. ' '! i ou: S9 wo may gather more by special house to house appeals." The festival day came, and Uncle Philip preached one of his best sermons ; he really was thuqueut sometimes, though he varied consider ably. often preaching admirable, scholarly dis- cours"S, but completely "over the hands" of the in- sic congregation, who had never read the laiheis and knew nolhiog of early heresies. T it ou this occasion Uncle Phillip laid aside allusions to Gnostics and Mauicheans, ana pro. died in a style comprehensible to Ms hearers; and I felt sanguine as regards the col lection we should find in the box "our neigh bor's kind gift," as uncle Philip explained this receptacle to be. Unfortunately the major and his wife were absent, also our senior church warden ; the former obliged to stare earlier than usuui tor Huxton in consequence of a fit of gout , the latter ill in bed. B at both had promised to forward contributions to our " %Vindow Kes- t ration fund," so their absence would not aiiei'.t us financially. „ . " I will leave the box unopened until &atur-; ay," remarked Uncle Philip a ake ,c early dinner. " I should like Smith (tue f'hureh warden) to be present, and it is possible that as there is a saints'-day service this w®® a triile more may be ad4ed to the contents of the box after to-day." , , I knew that Smith had somewhat cold watered" the scheme of the collecting box. ana understood that Uncle Philip was looking toi - ward to a mild triumph when it was unlocke . Saturday afternoon accordingly my uncle, Mr Smith (the keeper of the village shop a vicar's churchwarden) repaired to the cburcn, accompanying them as a curious specta t Jr. " Ami now to see what our good neigh have done for us," said Uncle Philip, as he un- lo ked tha box and raised the lid. Could we believe our eyes ? Uncle Phil p 2met£? that he wafi gaze as He would ptioa.l delusion, fact remained Ihat li a? he would, the two pepDerminf a "tpbuce in coppers and Mr Smith flM? hSfv?kC0n8t«eati0'>- never dia hold With hJw nwfel silence. " I major. atontnh2rW<1 « Of the " Perhep. iaM Unde »«tomly. one who catches at a sblw hp' w f e kone of mistake and put ttu»1r P®ople made a box." pttt th6lr money into the poor , wS wasolnedaoi6 rBepe 80 Celled, any) distributed an \ts Patents (if has been recent! few needy widows. It empty still. Uncle PtSrP ' an found a Pa«entbut woms S ZV man> an<i nextdayinastvlemkP J preached and, for onceJ tlfm OUy« UOVel to his hearers, awake and attentive ih ik C0?Sregation Bat gathering tkt«? mind slowly About like bvsimST Jo sesm terrible put Sir Henry Ismrdy hoped that SkoftlddTt VdT«! seemed as iftais was the case you are a bit hard on u<, though." to d®liVeriniStttttH?nFr"0rdndinJ messa?e gravely. Henry, said my uncle, y® know we nr. not to hWh. I'nd a a" P Mcotdtog rio-I»0li?aware of the amount of last Sun- day ® collection ?" asked my uncle. tribunV though. "'!Uld recognise my <"«®n- " Oh, would you," said Uncle Philip with a cunouB litUeemile, "then if yon wiTalcom pany me to the vestry I shall have pleasure in showing you what the liberality of Fell -Thorpe thoi>?uhi?erl an aPPrPriat® thank-offering at their jubilee harvest festival." We entered the vestry ; Uncle Philip unlocked the quaint antique safe which contained the Communion plate, and drew out a bag which he emptied on the table. "Six pennies, two half-pennies, three, no, four farthings, and two peppermint drops. I leave it to you to identify WD .contribution, Sir Henry," said Uncle firnip, with sarcastic politeness, adding "I scarcely think the remarks I made regarding this collection were unjustified." Sir Henry stood with an expression or blank amazement upon his ruddy good-humored I&C6; " But, my dear sir, there's something alto gether wrong here.'' "Exactly what I said this morning — it is sadly, lamentably wrong," 1 mean," almost shouted the baronet, that this isn't the real collection. I alone put in five pounds ; I gave a five-pound gold piece, one of the newly-coined Jubilee ones. It occurred to me that you might get a trifle more for it as a curiosity. Mr Archer, the box has been robbed." We returned to the church, and scrutinised the box closely. Neither the lock nor the box bore the least sigus of having been tampered with — aud yet, where was the gold five-pound piece? "The box has a large opening," said Sir Henry. "It would not be difficult to insert a thin stick or piece of whale-bone, smeared with bird-lime, and so extract the coins. I have heard of such things being done before." " But there is no one here likely to do such a wicked thing," said Uncle Philip, warming to the defence of his parishioners. "Well, I don't know. Fell-Thorpe can furnish a poacher or two, my gamekeepers tell me. 1 1 is clear that the box has been robbed, Mr Archer, aud you ought to have the matter investigated . By the way," and the baronet paused before leaving the vestry, " do you keep that fine Sacrameuttd plate iu the church?" It really was Sue plate, uausualiv valuable to be in use in a village fabe. Some two centuries ago it had been presented to the church by a pious maiden lady, who bequeathed her mo lest savings for the purpose of replacing " ye altar plate and furniture," which Waller's sacri legious troopers had plundered in the Civil Wars. Apart from their intrinsic value, the massive chalices and paten were exquisite specimens of silversmiths' workmanship, and might have graced a cathedral. " Where should I keep the Communion plate but here ; it has been safe in this vestry for two centuries and more," said Uncle Phiiip. " Well, it seems clear that thieves have carried off something already from the church, aud I hope they will not pay you another visit," said Sir Heury, and departed, leaving Uncle Philip in a condition of the deepest dejec tion. " I thought my flock misers — am I to be lieve them thieves also ? " he asked, in desn&iring; tones. The -village constable and Mr Smith were both summoned to give counsel in the matter, but without much good result, the former frank«y avowing that the matter " beat him ; " the latter repeating that he had " never held " with the box. A plate held at the church door would have obviated all risk of robbery. Mr Smith, however, made one prac tical Euoestion that certain pieces of money should bo marked and placed in the box. Should the theft bo repeated and these coins changed in the village they might lead to the identification of the thief, Uncle Ph 1 p listened dejectedly to a scheme which seamed likely to place him in the unenviable position of a prosecutor of one of his own parishioners ; but Mr Smith was insistent, and some corns I duly marked were dropped into the box. We | spent a miserable evening at the vicarage. ' Uncle Philip, an almost morbidly conscientious mau, gave himself up utterly to self- reproaches If, after twenty years pastoral work, his teachings bad borne no better fruit than this, R was a clear proof that he bad mistaken his vocation- he was unfit for his post, and so on; until Deborah, who was clearing the table, openly " dratted " the major and his scheme of rfcIbed a been content to leave the church as he found it, there'n a been no box to rob, and master wouldn'ta been wornteo. „ Trulv "les absents ont toujours tort. 3me seemed to put all the blame ou poor Every one seemeu Uncle Philip was eq'ualiy despondent when Monday <me ; so equa ly i afternoon I made up my muoh .0, tha'lnB the Grant, had re- P1111 . j ' hod a rranged to do on this day. natorally anxiou, to be the first to announce iha startling news of the suspected robber . _ « You'll be caught in the ram. Miss Annie, ,,m Sking "remarked Deborah, as she saw \- don't let Uncle Philip, wait for me if I am „ot back to tea nDa6Vhich I knew meant Deborah ga Uncle Philip waited for that she wouklfi u8tomed to drop in to eST.t toralt the major to return the compliment at the Yicarage ; but the Grants still kept up the fashionct a late dinner at six o'clock, while we contented ourselves with the humble mid- day repast; I think, however, Deborah's housekeeping was the more liberal of the two. Mrs Grant was always glad to welcome a visitor to break the monotony of her quasi- invalid life, and we had a fiction of Teading French and Italian together which served as an excuse for frequent visite. Before 1 had gone far ou my way, however, the rain began to descend. I have before mentioned that 1 sketched and painted. I had lately been finishing some small studies of the views from our church tower, aud had taken the freedom, without consulting Uncle Phiiip, to make use st dT ' uns' Gallery" as a kind of temporary The old woman who cleaned, or was sup posed to clean, the church, readily agreed to sweep and dust out this' disused part of the edi fice for my convenience, and here I was wont, after concluding my day's painting on the tower, to stow away my 'palette, paints and canvas, ins teal of troubling to carry them to and fro daily as I did the great church key. Aow, as the rain began to descend, I remem bered that I had left my waterproof cloak as well as my painting gear in the Nuns Gallery. Luckily I had the key of the church in my pocket. I seldom went out without it, Uncle Philip possessing a duplicate. It was tut a step across the road to the church, and I soon found my property, but as I turned to descend the dark winding stairs which led from the Nuns' wuwry i BLumoiea, ana, in the effort to save myselr.fell against the half -opened door which shut off the end of the staircase. It closed with a slam, and I immediately remembered that it was only opened by an outside latch, conse- qiienriy I was caught in a trap. I groped and fumbled, and hurt my fingers in vain. It was impossible to opeu the door from within, and I resigned my Belt to the inevitable. I was less alarmed at my predicament than many girls of my age would have been. As regards the ghostly associations of the gallery I was utterly sceptical. My life, before coming to Feu- 1 horpe had been too full of practical cares oiid. anxieties to leave much, room for imagina- tive terrors. I had faced the stem realities of life too early to be much troubled with " nerves." I should be missed aud inquired for as the evening drew on, and Deborah at least knew that I was in the habit of makin sketches from the church tower. They were sure to lock for me here when it was discovered that I was not at the major's. It was pro voking to be thus caged, and I hoped that I should be released before I began to grow hungry, but any fears of a supernatural visita tion iu the gallery never crossed my mind. To beguile the time, I commenced a Bketch of the church as seen from my eyrie, aud thus occupied, worked until the evening shades began to fall. Seven o'clock, eight, the church was growing dark now, and I began to feel chilly (though it was warm weather), tired aud decidedly hungry. Well, it could not be long before 1 was missed and sought far, so I wrapped myseii m my cloak, and nestling my- eelf into a convenient angle of the wall, set my self to await release as patieutly as might be. At last I fell asleep. I awoke suddenly, with a sensation of having slumbered for weeks, and was startled to see a light in the church below. I sprang up, and was about to call out, when a voice fell ou my ear. " Nobody ain't there," and the door at the foot of the staircase, which had apparently been opened, gave a click. " I'd have settled 'umif there had," growled another tone. Peering cautiously through the interstices of the stonework, I perceived, in the nave, two men, one of whom I recognised as Roger Simmons, a village loafer, strongly suspected of poaching proclivities the other a most villianous looking man, who carried in his hand a heavy bludgeon, and a bag over his arm. Perhaps the ups and downs of my former life had taught me self-control, for I checked my first impulse to ca.il out, and waited. There was little doubt that I was face to face with the robbers of our alms-box, equally little doubt that it would be wise to conceal my presence. Squeezed against the front of the gallery I held my breath and watched. " Come on," said the strange man, im patiently throwing down his bag and extracting therefrom some tools. " What (with an oath) are you staring about for ? " There's t' gbaist," half blabbered Roger, who seemed as if dragged on against his will. " I be mortal feared to think we may see she." The elder man swore roundly at Roger's cowardice and superstition in terms which I re- f raiD to quote. " Meastur,'' said Roger, desperately, in the tones of one making a last appeal ; " I can't go for to do it. Why, my old dame 'ud break her heart to think of them ho!y things being touched ; no good '11 come of it, you'll see- taint like taking silver out o' passon's own house I" "No, Ifcut think that your 'paseon,' as vou call him, deals iu such silver," said the other ruffian, coolly, as he sorted and selected his tpols; "but you village fools don't know valuables when you see them. To think!" he added, with another oath, " that it was just by chance I caught sight of these things the Sunday I came to church to gammon you good folks, and you only telling me of the haul I might make out of the alms-box. By the way, here goes again," and by the device which Sir Henry bad suggested — a hit of whalebone apparently smeared with some sticky substance, the box was again rifled with a dexterity which told of iong practice. " It's no use standing shaking and shivering now," went on the remorseless robber; "-you're iu for it all the way ; you helped to rob the poor box last week, and you've got to show me where the silver's kept now, so come along and no more talking.'' Hesitating and trembling, the less courageous thief followed towards the vestry, murmuring about his " dame/' " passon," " if ghaist," religious scruples and superstitious terror warring with the the power his fellow-criminal had obtained over him. I had not lived for over four years at Fell- Thorpe without becoming imbued with some of . the sentiments of the place, and the sacreligiouB theft to bo perpetrated upon our treasured altar vessels roused me to intense indignation. An idea occurred to me, I might run some risk, but I would chance that. Pressing my face against the openings of the carving I gave vent to a long sighing groan, and was delighted to hear the sound greeted by an absolute yell from Roger. " T' ghaist, it be she," he cried, and would have rushed from the church had not his com panion held him. " Wait a bit, you fool," whispered this latter, but I was pleased to detect a decided tremor in his voice. I gave vent to another melancholy sigh, loud enough to be audible below. " Curse it, there's some cue spying up there," cried the stranger, flashing his bull's eye lantern on the gallery. A sudden inspiration, born of the danger wnich I knew I was iff, flashed upon me. I hastily wrapped my handkerchief round my face, drew the dark cloak .aver my head, and thus having arranged up a very fair imita tion of a nun's head gear, thrust ioy head out of the opening where tradition assented Lady Sybil had protruded here, and pour d out a loud wailing cry like'a Veritable Banshee. Cold and terror doubtlessgave to my voice a wierd sound" enough. The effect of my appearance was magical. Roger fled yelling to the door, end Irs companion was appearantly now more solicitous to outstrip him than to detain . him— in a second or two the men had vanished, leaving their tools and lantern behind them in their flight. It was some time before I ventured to descend the Stairs; and then found to my great relief, that the door, which one or other of the thieves had opened (I suppose to see if anyone was hiding on the staircase) had not quite closed. As I stepped out into the church, the outer door opened, I shrank back into the darkness, but was relieved to see only Uucle PhiliD. to whom 1 rushed ; and rather startled the kind old man by bursting into a convulsive fit of sobbing in his arms. " There, my dear, there," he said soothingly, patting my head, " I suppose /ou got yourself shut in somehow by accident, and it's sadly unfortunate that you should have been kept here so long ; midnight, bless me," as the clock chimed above us. " But the fact is .that I was called out just as I was going to bed, to baptise a dying child at the other end of the parish, and when I came back and found you still missing, I, of course, started off -first to the major's, where Deborah said you had gone. The Grants have not yet como home, and Ffound the house empty and locked up. But as I came back, I remembered that you sometimes sketched at the church, and thought if. just possible, that you might be iu here, particularly as the outer door was ajar— careless of you to leave it so, by the way, my love —but, eh, what's this," and Uncle . Philip broke off his. narrative as his eye fell upon the tools and lantern -on the floor, visible by the light of a similar bull's eye which he himself carried, a serviceable guide for his nocturnal perambulations over our dark country lanes. I rapidly explained my adventure, and how I had played upon the superstitious fears of the thieves to save our altar plate. Uncle Philip was delighted. " You ran some risk, though, my brave, clever little girl," he said at length, after laughing heartily at my description of the abrupt departure of the thieves, "and I am thankful all has ended as it did. And now, Annie, remember, not a word of this adventure to any one for a day or two. I think I see my way to get back some of our lost almsbox col lection." Early next morning Uncle Phiiip paid a visit to Roger, who lived with his old mother, a re spectable widow, to whom her son's idle and discreditable courses were a source of sincere regret. It was, indeed, consideration for old Mrs Simmons, whom every one liked and pitied, which had made Sir Henry's head gamekeeper somewhat blind to Roger's more than suspected poaching proclivities. The village ne'er-do-weel was now, however, laid up in bed; groaning under the newly-awakened terrors of a guilty conscience, aud a firm belief that he should not long survive the ghostly warning which he be lieved himself to have received from Lady Sybil's wrath. He needed no urging to pour out all his guilty secret to Uncle Philip, con fessing how be had long had secret dealings with the stranger, a noted London "cracks man," regarding the dispos d of his poached game; how this "Bill" had come down to lodge at his n iter's cottage for change of air (burglars, likrj other people, may take an occasional holiday), and how the announcement of our proposed collection for the Restoration Fund suggested to the London thief an opportunity fcr combining professional business with pleasure. Roger, already iu his power from their previous illicit transactions, was a hopeless tool iu"his hands. Like a once famous Loudon burglar, Mr Brown, as the thief chose to be called, passed for an extremely respectable, even religious, kind of man, and quite won poor dame Simmons' heart by the regularity with which he accompanied her to church on Sunday mornings, a thing she could "never induce her son to do. We have seeu how piously Mr Brown employed himself during service time by "taking notes" of our local valuables, with a view to their ultimate plunder. Uncle Philip had the satisfaction of recovering from the penitent Roger a part of the spoils of our almsbox, notably the gold five pound piece. The congregation had come for ward very handsomely after all, aud l think Uncle Pmliip preached to himself as well as to his hearers when he delivered himself of an elo- ' quent harangue against " rash and uncharitable judgments" in his next sermon. The stolen coins, or at least the larger part of them, had been concealed in a hiding-place near-Roger's cottage, and Mr Brown had been in such haste to catch the next train to London (one stopped in the early hours of the morning at a station some five miles off) that he had actually struck straight away across country to Byford Junction, without delaying even to fetch his clothes from Mrs Simmons'. I wonder if this worthy believed in the ghost, or sus pected a police ambush ? Any way he disap peared, and Fell Thorpe saw him no more. There was no doubt about Roger's view of the affair. Uncle Philip felt bound to explain the real state of affairs to him, when the man as serted the ghost had appeared to him, called him by name, and therefore sealed his doom. But Roger rejected all attempts at explana tion. If, as Uncle PMlip asserted, I was in the gallery, well, like the Mousquetaire in the " Ingoldsby Legends," Roger, could only declare " il y a deux." " I know what I seed, sir," he persisted, with a stolid obstinacy pecu liar to The bucolic organisation : and Uncle Philip was silenced. Of course we ought, to have prosecuted Roger ; so said Sir Heury, aud the major, and even Uncle Philip. But the fellow was only the minor criminal after all. He had received a terrible fright, was apparently sincerely peni tent, and had made alt the reparation in his po sver. Tillage communities are always glad to be rid of a local black sheep quietly, with out scandal. Our local magnates decided to act like the kindly suburban gardeners who, loth to crush the snails which they remove from their own cabbages, quietly drop them over their neighbor s palings. Roger was offered his liberty ou the same terms accorded to many an ancient wrong doer, on the condition that he " presently transported himself forth of our dominions." Sir Henry discovered that a re cruiting-sergeant was busy at Byford, and Roger, who was a stouc, well-grown young fellow enough, was readily enrolled amongst ! the new recruits. We kept his secret ; only, i like the Justice in tf e " Critic," piously hoping that the church robber might, in future ' Defend his country's laws With half the vigor that ha broke them all." I was glad to learu in after years that such actually proved the case. Work, and discipline, and removal from evil associates, worked wonders for Roger, as these factors have done for many another apparent ne'er-do-weel who has " joined the colors.' As Uncle Phillip wrote to me a month ago, no one could have recognised the idle, poaching loafer of days gone by in the smart young soldier who was paying his mother a visit during his furlough, on the return of his regiment from abroad, where he had served with much credit during one of our little wara. " Lady Sybil's ghost" saved more than the altar plate," laughed good nature d Sir Henry;" and immoral as our eniency may have been, I am glad that Roger, more weak than wicked, was paved the stigma of the Jail, if only , for his old mother's sakg. 1 -We gained oar window without applying to the : : general public. Sir Henry was liberal enough - to make up the defici- ncy ih our Ibcal fund, remarking to Uncle Phillip that he thought the "lady who saved the altar plate" deserved some recompense, and that he knew I, as well as Uncle Phillip and the major, desired to see the church beautified. Sir Henry is a kindly pleasant man, I ought to know, seeing I have been his niece for some years now. Arthur, my husband and Sir Henry's presumptive heir, tells me that it was his uncle's praises of " the girl who kept her head iu circum stances where many people would have screamed and fainted," which first made him desiious of staving at Fell-Thorne Hall, and making the acquaintance of this female paragon. " Lady Sybil " is still my nickname from Sir 1 Hcny. Not very long ago I happened to was wp A work on the local traditions and superstitions current in that part of England in which Fell- Thorpe ia located. Our ghost was described in its pages ; and I read, with much interest, that "as late as the Jubilee year " thu spectre was beheld by " cred ble witnesses ''and -by its timely apparition prevented an attempted burglary in the church. It is always unkind --- to spoil a good story, so" Lady Sybil." has allowed this interesting narrative, founded pre sumably on the authority of Roger or Mr Brown, either of whom may have let out some scraps of the occurrence, concealing of course their own share, therein, to pass uncontra dicted, and our local ghost may still he credited with the beneficent guardianship of oar sacred valuables. . . 