THE EBB TIDE. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND LLOYD OSBOURNE. PART I. CHAPTER V.-(Continued). He's turned a bloomin' swot, ain't he?" sneered Huish. He thinks himself too good for his company, that's what ails Herrick, Esquire," raged the captain. He thinks I don't understand when he comes the heavy swell. Won't sit down with us, won't he? won't say a civil word? I'll serve the son of a gun as he deserves. By God, HuUh, I'll show him whether he's too good for John Davis !" Easy with the names, cap'," said Huish, who was always the more sober. Easy over the stones, my boy !" "All right. I will. You're a good sort, Huish. I didn't take to you at first, but I guess you're right enough. Let's open another bottle," said the captain; and that day, perhaps because he was excited by the quarrel, he drank more recklessly, and by 4 o'clock was stretched insensible upon the locker. Herrick and Huish supped alone, one after the other, opposite his flushed and snorting body. And if the sight killed Herrick's hunger, the isolation weighed so heavily on the clerk's spirit that he was scarce risen from table ere he was carrying favour with his former comrade. Herrick was at the wheel when he approached, and Huish leaned confidentially across the binnacle., I say, old chappie," he said, " you and me don't seem to be such pals somehow." Herrick gave- her a spoke or two in silence ; his eye, as it skirted from the needle to the luff of the foresail, passed the man by without speculation. But Huish was really dull, thing he could support with difficulty, having no resources of his own. The idea of a private talk with Herrick at this stage of their relations held out particular inducements to a person of his character. Drink besides, as it renders some men hypersensitive, made Huish callous. And it would almost have required a blow to make him quit his purpose. " Pretty business, ain't it," he continued By is on the lush ? Must say I thought you gave it 'im Al to-day. He didn't like it a bit ; took on awful after you were' gone. ' 'Ere,' Says I old on easy on the lash,' I says. ' 'Errick was right, and you know it. Give 'it a changing says. ' 'Uish,' sez 'co, ' don't you gimme no more of your jaw, or I'll knock your blooming eyes out.' Well, won can I do, 'Errick ? But I tell you, I don't 'arf like it. It looks to me like the SeaRynger over again." Still Herrick was silent. . "Do you 'hear me speak?" asked Huish, sharply. " You're pleasant, ain't you ?" " Stand away from that binnacle," said Herrick. The clerk looked at him, long, and straight, and black; his figure seemed to writhe like that of a snake about to strike ; then he turned on his heel, went back to the cabin and opened a bottle of champagne. When eight bells were cried, he slept on the floor beside the captain on the looker; and of the whole starboard watch, only Sally Day appeared upon the summons. The mate proposed to stand. the watch with him, and let Uncle Ned lie down; it would make twelve hours on deck, and probably sixteen, but in this fair-weather sail- ing he might safely sleep between his tricks of wheel, leaving orders to be called on any sign of squalls. So far he could trust the men, between whom and himself a close relation had sprung up. With Uncle Ned he held long nocturnal conversations, and the old man told him his simple and hard story of exile, suffering, and injustice among cruel whites. The cook, when he found Herrick messed alone, produced-for him unexpected and sometimes unpalatable dainties, of which he forced himself to eat. And one day, when he was forward, he was surprised to feel a caressing hand run down his shoulder, and to hear the voice of Sally Day crooning in his ear, " You gootch man!" 'He turned, and, choking down a sob, shook hands with the negroes. They were kindly, cheery, childish souls. Upon the Sunday each brought forth his separate Bible; for they were all men of alien speech, even to each other, and Sally Day communicated with his mates in English only; each read, or made believe to read, his chapter, Uncle Ned with spectacles on nose; and they would all join together in the singing of missionary hymns. It was thus a cutting reproof to compare the islanders and the whites aboard the Farallone. Shame ran in Herrick's blood to remember what employment he was on, and to see these poor souls and even Sally Day, the child of cannibals, in all likelihood a cannibal himself-so faithful to what they knew of good. The fact that he was held in grateful favour by these innocents served like Flinders to his conscience, and there were times when he was inclined with Sally Day, to call himself a good man. But the height of his favour was only now to appear. With one voice the crew protested ; ere Herrick know what they were doing, the cook was aroused, and came a willing volunteer. All hands clustered about their mate, with expostu- lations and caresses; and he was bidden to lie down and take his customary rest without alarm. " He tell you He," said Uncle Ned. " You sleep. Every man has ho do all right. Every man he like you too much." Horriok struggled, and gave way choked upon . some trivial words of gratitude- and walked to the side of the house, against which he leaned, struggling with emotion. Uncle Ned presently followed him, and begged him to lie down. "It's no use, Uncle Ned," he replied. "I couldn't sleep. I'm knocked over with all your goodness." "Aisne calimo Uncle Ned no me'!" cried the old man. "No my name. My name Taveota, all-e-same Tavcota, King of Israel, West for ho call that Hawaii? I think no savvy nothing-all-e-somo WiRe amana." It was the first time the name of the late captain had been mentioned, and Herrick grasped the occasion. The reader shall be spared Uncle Ned's unwieldy dialect, and learn, in less embarrassing English, the sum of what he now communicated. The ship had scarce cleared the Golden Gates before the captain and mate had entered on a career of drunkenness, which was scarcely interrupted by their malady, and only closed by death. For days and weeks they lied encountered neither land worship, and, seeing themselves lost on the huge deep with their; insane con- ductors, the natives had drunk deep of terror. At length they made a low island, and went in, and Wiseman and Wishart landed in the boat. There was a great village, a very fine village, and plenty Kanakas in that place but all mighty serious and from every here and there in the back parts of the settlement Taveota heard the sounds of island lamentation, " I no savvy talk that island," said he. " I savvy hear um ely. I think, him too many people die here." But upon Wiseman and Wishart the significance of that barbaric keening was lost. Full of bread and drink, they rollicked along unconcerned, embraced the girls who had scarce energy to repel them, took up and joined (with drunken voices) in the death wail, and at last, on what they took to be an invitation, entered under the root of a house in which was a considerable concourse of people sitting silent. They stooped below the eaves, flushed and laughing ; within a minute they came forth again with changed faces and silenced tongues, and as the press severed to make way for them, Taveota was able to perceive, in the deep shadow of the house, the Black man raising from his mat a head already defeated by disease. The two tragic triflers lied without hesitation for their The sale rights of publication In Queensland has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited, boat, screaming on Taveeta to make haste, they came aboard with all speed of oars, raised anchor and crowded sail upon the ship with blows and curses, and were at sea again-and again drunk -bernie sunset- A week after, and the last of the two had been committed to the deep Heinol asked Taveeta where that island was, and he replied that, by what he gathered of folks' talk as they went up together from the beach, he supposed it must be one of the Paumotus This was in itself probable enough, for the Dangerous Archipelago had been swept that year from east to west by devastating smallpox, but Herrick thought it a strange course to be from Sydney Then he remembered the dark " Were they not surprised when they made the island?" he asked "Wise a man he say, dam' what this'" was the reply "Oh, that's it, then ' said Heiuck "I don't believe they know where they were " " I think so, too," said Uncle Ned " I think no savvy This one is' better," he added, pointing to the house where the drunken cap tain slumbered Take a can all time " The implied last touch completed Herrick's picture of the life and death of his two predecessors, of their prolonged, sordid, sodden sensuality as they sailed, they knew not whither, on their last cruise to hold but a twinkling and unsure belief in any future state, the thought of one of punishment he derided, yet for him (as for all there dwelt alone about the end of the brutish man Sickness fell upon him at the image thus called up and when he compared it with the scene in which himself was acting and considered the doom that seemed to brood upon the schooner, a horror that was almost superstitious fell upon him. And yet the strange thing was, he did not falter she who had proved his incapacity in so many fields being now falsely placed amid duties which he did not understand, without help, and it might be said without countenance, had hitherto surpassed expectation, and even the shameful misconduct and shoe! ing disclosures of that night seemed brain nerve and strengthen him He had sold his honour he vowed it should not be in vain "It shall be no fault of mine if this miscarry," he repeated And in his heart he wondered at himself Livmgiago no doubt supported him, no doubt also the sense of the last cast, of the ships burned, of all doors closed but one, which is so strong a come to the merely weak, and so deadly a depressing to the merely coward 1) For some time the voyage went otherwise well They weathered Rakaia with one board, and the wind holding well to the south ward and blowing fresh, they passed between Canada and Ratm, and ran some days north east by east half east, under the lee of Yakumo and Ilonden, neither of which they made In about 14deg south and! between 32deg and 33deg west, it fell a dead calm wttliiathei a heavy sea The captain refused to take in sail the helm was lashed, no watch was set, and the Fairllono rolled and banged for three days, according to observations in almost the same place The fourth morning a little before day, a breeze sprang up and rapidly freshened The captain had drunk Haul the night before, he was far from sober when he was roused and when he came on deck for the first time at halfpast S, it was plain he had already drunk deep again at breakfast remark avoided his eye, and resigned the dock with indignation to a man more than half seas over By the loud I commands of the captain and the sin ing out of fellows at the hope, he could judge from the house that sail was being crowded on the ship j relinquished his half eaten breakfast and came on deck again, to find the main and the jib | topsails set, and bo by each car and the COOK turned out to bend the staysail The Tarallone lay already far over the sky) was a obscured with mist) scud, and from the wind j ward an ominous squall came flying up, ' broadening and blackening as it rose | Fear thrilled in Heinck's vitals He saw death hard by, and if not death, sure man for if the relations lived through the coming squall, she must surely be dismasted With that their enterprise was at an end, and they themselves bound prisoners to the very evidence of their crime The greatness of the peril and his own alarm suffered to silencing I Pride, wrath, and shame raged without issue in his mind, and he shut his teeth and folded his arms close. The captain sat in the boat to windward, bellowing orders and insults, his eyes glared lug face deeply congested, a bottle set between his knees, a glass in his hand half empty His back was to the squall and he was at first intent upon the setting of the "rail When that was done, and the great statesman of canvas had begun to draw and to hail the lee rail of the Farallone level with the foam he laughed out an empty laugh, drained his glass, sprawled back', among the lumber in the boat, and fetched out a crumpled novel Herrick watched him, and his indignation glowed red-hot He glanced to windward, where the squall already whitened the near sen, a id already heralded its coming with a singular and dismal road. He glanced at the steen man, and eat him clinging to the spokes with a face of a sic' by blue He saw the crew were running to their stations without orders And it seemed as if something broke in his brain, and the pallor of anger, so long remained, so long eaten in Secret, burst suddenly loose, and filled and shook him like a sail He stepped across to the captain and (moto his hand heavily on the drunkard's shoulder "You brute'" he said, in a voice that not tered look behind you ' " What's that" cried Davis, bounding in the boat and upsetting the champagne You loot the Sea Ranger because you were a drunken sort,' said Herrick 'Nowyouie going to lose the Fiunllone You is going to drown hole the same way as you drowned others, and be damned And your daughter shall v all. the streets, and your sons to thieves life their father ' ' For the moment the words struck the captain while and foolish " My God '" he cried, looking at Herrick as upon a ghost "My God, Hein ck' ' from COMINLTD ON siTuniui ). The people of Cassel have been much astonished at the conduct of a leading to des man in the town. Standing at his door beaming with delight, he has been inviting them to come inside and buy his goods at any price they liked ' Nor was this a mere figure of speech Some costly things were sold in this way for next to nothing, and in one case, at least, the purchaser was presented with a sum of money larger than the price of his purchase On being questioned, the tradesman declared that he had won a million marks in the Hamburg lottery, and that he wanted a lot of people to share in his good fortune It has been ascertained that the unfortunate man is the victim of a hallucination, and he has had to be placed in a lunatic asylum A millionaire of Vienna has left provision in his will for the constant illumination of the vault wherein he now lies An electric light is to be kept burning for a year. and even the coffin is to be lighted in the interior by electricity. 