THE NOVELIST. THE MANXMAN.* BY HALL CAINE. PART III.-MAN AXD WOMAN. CHAPTER XVI. THE,BROKEN MIRROR. When Kate woke that morning she felt a great happiness. Opening her eyes and half raising herself in bed she looked around. There were tbe scraas of the thatched root above her, with the crackling whitewash snipping down oh the counterpane, theTe were the press and the wash-hand table, the sheepskin on the floor, and the sun coming through the orchard window. But every thing was transfigured, everything b: autiful, everything mysterious. She was like one who lmd gone to sleep on the sea, with only the unattainable horizon round about, and awakened in harbour in a strange land that was warm and lovely, and iull of sunshine. She closed her eyes t^iin so that nothing might disturb the contemplation of the mystery. She folded her round arms as a pillow behind her head, her limbs dropped back ot their own weight, and her mouth broke into a happy smile. Oh, miracle of miracles! The whole world wns chanced. She heard the clatter of pattens in the room below-it was !Nancy churning in the dairj , she heard shouts from beyond the orchavd it was her father stacking in the haggard , she heard her mother talking in the bar, and the mill-wheel swishing in the pond. It seemed almost wonderful that the machinery of ordinary life could be working away the ameasever. Could Bhe he the same herseltl ahe reached over for a hand-glass to look at her. face. As she took it off the table it slipped from the tips of her fingers, and, falling face downwards, it broke. She had a momentarj pang at that accident, as at a bad omen, but just then Nancy came up with a letter. It was the letter which Philip had written at Ballure. When she was alone aigain ehe read it Then she put it in her bosom. It seemed to be haunted by the odour of the gorse, the odour of the Rlen, of the thalthan, of Philip, and of all delights. A faint ghost of shame came to frighten her. Had she sinned against her sex ? Was it disgraceful that 6he had wooed and not waited to be won ? With all his love of her, would Philip be ashamed of her also ? Such fears did not last long. Her joy was too bold to be atraid of tangible things. So overwhelming was her happiness that her only fear was lest she might awake at some moment and find that she was asleep now, and everything had been a dtedni. . That was Friday, and towards noon word came from Kirk Michael that the Defemster had died oh the afternoon of the day before. " Then they ought to put Philip Christian in his place," sheeaid, promptly; " I m sure no one deserves it better." They bad been talking in low tones in tbe kitchen with their backs to her, but faced about with looks of astonishment. " Sakes alive, Kirry," cried Nancy, "is it yourself it was? What were you saying a week ago f "Well, do you expect a girl to be saying the one thing .always?" laughed Kate. "Aw, no," said Caesar. " A woman's opinions isn't usually as stiff as the tail of a fighting Tom cat. They've more coming and going of a rale." Next day, Saturday, she received Philip's second letter, the letter written at Douglas after the supper and the arrival of Pete's telegram. It was written crosswise, in a hasty hand, on a half-sheet of note-paper, I and was, like a postscript, without signature J or eu}>erscription. j " Most urgent. Must see you immediately. | Meet meat Port Mooar at two o'clock to morrow, We can talk there without inter- j ruption. Be brave, my dear. There are serious matters to discuss and arrange." The message was curt- and even cold, but it brought her no disquiet Marriage t That was the only vision it conjured up. The death of the Deemster had hastened things -that was the meaning of the urgency. Port Moor' was near to Ballare-that was why she had to go so far. They would have to face gossip, perhaps backbiting, perhaps even abuse-that was the reason sne had to be brave. Why and how 4he Deemster's death should affect her marriage with Philip was a matter she did not puzzle out. She had vague memories of girls marrying in de- j lightful haste and sailing away with their husbands, bhd being tone before you had time to think they were to go. .But this new fact of her lite was only a part of the great mystery, and was not to be explained by everyday ideas and occurrences. Kate lira up to dress, and came down like a bud bursting into flower. She had dressed more carefully .than ever. Philip had great expectations; he must not be disappointed. Making the excuse of shopping, Bhe was setting 6ff towards Ramsey, when her father shouted from the stable .that he wos for driving the same' way. The mare was har nessed Jo tbe gig, and they got up together. Cseaar had mpae inquiries and calculations. He -had learned that the Johannes berg, from Cape Town, arrived in Liverpool the day before: and he concluded that Pete's effects would come by the PeveriJ, thtf weekly steamer to Ramsey; oh-Saturday morning. The Peveril left Liverpool at eight; she would be due at three. Caesar meant to be on the quay at two. "It'smy duty, as a parent, Kate, said he. " What more natural but there's something for yourself? It's my duty as a pastor, too for tfeere'a Manx ones going that's in danger of the devil of covetouaness, and us doing the Lord's work to put them ont of the reaon of temptation. You may exhort with them till you're black in the face, but it's throwing good money in the mud. Just chuck J No ring at all; no way responsivel." . Kate , was silent, and Caj^ar added familiarly; "Of course, it's my right, too, for when a man's.birtir is that way, there s no heirship by blood, and possession is nine pointa of the law. That's so, Kate. You . fbe right of publlihtoff thli woifrlra* been pnr miiif *t **" rr 'ra' needn't be looking so hard. It's truth enough, girl. I've had advocate's opinion." Kate had looked, but hod not listened. The matter of her father's talk was too trivial ; it's interest was too remote. As they drove she kept glancing seaward and asking what time it was.' "Aw, time enough vet, woman," said Ctusar. " No need to be unaisy at ail. She'll not he round the Head /or an hour any way. Will you come along with-me to the qttay, then? No? Well, hetter not, maybe." '' At the door of a draper's she got down from the giij, and told her father not to wait for her on going home. Caisar moistened his fore finger and held it in the air a moment. , | " Then don't be late," said he, " there's weather coming." A few mihutes afterwards she was walking rapidly up Ballure. Passing H.illure house she found herself treading softly. It was like holy ground. She did not look across ; she gave no sign ; there was only a tremour of the eyelids, a quiver of the mouth, and a tightening of the hand that held her'purfee a*, with head down, she passed on. Going by the water-trough, she saw the bullet head i of Black Tom, looking seaward over the hedge; bridge through a telescope encased in torn i and faded cloth. Though the man was repugnant to her, she saluted liim cheer fully. " Fine day, Mr. Quilliam." " It tows doing a line day, ma'am, but the bees is coming home," said Tom. ' He glowered at her as at a soont of the enemy, hut she did not mind that She was very happy. The sau was still shining. On reaching.the top of the brow she began to skip and ran where the road descends by Folieu. Thus, with a light heart and a light step, thinking ill of no one, in love with all the world, she went hurrying to.her doom. The sea below lay very calm and blue. Nothing was to be seen on the water but a line of Mack smoke from the funnel of a steamship which had not yet risen above the horizon. CHAPTER XVII. THE CRY OF THE LAMB. Philip put up his horse at the Hibernian, a mile further on the high ro.id, and the tongue of the landlady, Mistress Long, went like a mill race while he ate his dinner. She liad known three genera tions ot his family, and was full of stories of nis grandfather, of his father, and of him self in his childhood. Full of facetiw, too, about his looks, which were "reasonable promising," and about the girls of Douglas, who were " neither good nor middling." She was also fall of sage counsel, advising marriage with a warm girl having "nice things at her-nice lands and pigs and things"-as a ready way to square the "bobbery" of thirty years ago at Balla whaine. Philip left his plate half fall, and rose from the table to go down to Port Mooar, " But boy veen, you've destroyed nothing," err d the landlady. And then coaxingly, as if he hud been a child, "You'll be ateing bits for me, now, come, come! No more at all ? Aw, its failing you are, Mr. Philip ! Going for a walk is it ? Take your top-coat then, for the clover is closing." lie touk the road that Pete had haunted as [ a boy, returning home from school in the days when Kate lived at Comaa^ going through the network of paths by tne mill, and over the brow by Ballajora. The new miller was palling down the thatched cottage in which Kate had been Iron to put up a slate house. They hud built a porch:for shelter to the chapel, and carved the figure of a slaughtered lamb on a stone in the gable. Another lamb-a living lamb-was being killed by the butcher of Ballajora as Philip went by theehambles. The helpless creature, with its inverted head swung downwards from the block, looked at him with its piteous eyes and gave forth that distressful cry which is the last wild appeal ot the stricken animal when it sees death near, and has ceased to tight (or life. The air was quiet, and the- sea was calm, but across the channel a leaden sky seemea to hover over the English mountains, though they were still light And apparently in Bun: shine. As Philip reached Port Mooar, a cart was coming out of it with a load of sea-wrac) for the land, and a lobster (i6her on tht beach was shipping his gear for sea. " Quiet day,"-said Philip at passing. "Don't much like thelockof it, though,"said the fisherman. " Mortal thick surf coming up for the wind that's in." But he slipped his boat, pulled up sail, and rode away. Philip looked at his-watch and then walked down the beach. Coming to a cave he entered it. The sea-wrack was banked up in the darkness behind, and between two stones at the mouth there were the remains of a recent fire.' Suddenly he remembered the cave. It was the cave of the Carasdhoomen. He could hear the voice of Pete in its rumbling depths; he could hear and see himself. "Shall we save the women, Pete ?-we always do." "Aw, yes, the women and the boys." The tenderness of that memory was too much for Philip. He came oat of the cave, and walked back over the shore. " She will come by the church," he thought, and he climbed the cliffs to look out. A line of fir trees grew there, a comb of little mis shapen ghoul-like things, stunted by the win Is that swept over the seas in winter. In a fork of one of these A bird's nest of last year was still hanging; but it was -now empty, songless, joyless, and dead. She's here," he told himself, and he drew his breath noisily. A white figure had turned, the road by the -sundial, and was coming oil with the step of a greyhound. The black clouds above the English mountains were heeling down on the land. There was a storm on the other coast, though the sky over the island was still fine. The steamship had risen over the horizon, and was heading towards the bay. 