A Whim of the Mistress. By MARY HANNAY FOOTT. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENLANDER.] CHAPTER VI. AT THE SHEEPWASH BEND-THE TELEGRAM. It was late at night when Mr. Lanbranch returned from the children's picnic, and the task of cleaning up after the day's outing had to be put off until Tuesday morning. Soon after daybreak Bobby was awoke by the horses running in from the paddock, and by the time Spider had got them into the yard Bobby was already perched upon one of the top rails anxious to join in whatever was to be done. Cubbie came strolling over a little later, and helped to catch and halter the chestnuts, and to his great delight Bobby was given one of them to lead to the old sheepwash bend, the blackboys taking two apiece, and was allowed the privilege of washing and grooming him. The horses disposed of next thing to be done was to run the coach and harness down to the waterside, and as Cubbie described it "first time take it away old man muddoo, by-'n-by little f'llow muddoo 'nother one to morrow." When the "old man" mud was washed off it was within half-an-hour or so of breakfast time, and before retuming to the homestead the three betook themselves to a deeper waterhole a little way further down the river for a swim. Mr. McNab, who had just been bathing at the same time at another waterhole not far away, heard the boys approach and enter the water, and after a minute or two Cubbie's voice saying, "Bobby—you showum 'Pider which way that f'llow 'nother one blackf'llow b'long island 'whim along big sea water." Bobbie, judging by the shrieks of laughter and "My word! that f'llow all the same fish!" evidently complied with the request to show how the South Sea Islanders swim, and all seemed mirth when Spider with a loud laugh exclaimed: "Hallo, Bobby, foot b'long you all the same duckee!" "Big fool, yon, 'Pider; shut your mouf!" shouted Cubbie. "Baal you knowum Mitatie all the same got it? That one all the same make it track like it duckee, like it Bobby too!" The next moment a wild howl of affright rent the air, and there was an ominous sound as of half-articulate threats uttered by some one choking with passionate fury, a gasping entreaty for mercy, a heavy plunge, and the noise as of a deadly struggle in the water. Mr. McNab dashed through the scrub which grew on the narrow point of land betwixt his bathing place and that of the boys, jumped into the river, and swam to the aid of Cubbie, who was trying in vain to wrench Spider from Bobby's hold. It was hard to tell what purpose Bobby had in view, but to Mr. McNab things looked very much as if he were doing his best to hold Spider under water and drown him. Mr. McNab seized Bobby's arms from behind just above the elbows, and in his iron grip they became in an instant numb and powerless; the fingers relaxed their grasp; Spider was free. The two blacks, almost green with fright, swam rapidly to the river bank, caught up their clothes, and disappeared into the mulga. Mr. McNab, meanwhile, held Bobby fast with his huge right hand, treading water, for Bobby himself made no effort, to keep them both afloat. "Bohbby!" said Mr. McNab sternly, when the blacks had gone. "Bohbby —this is surely nut you!" Bobby made no reply, but submitted quietly to be towed ashore. When they stood on the sandy river marge Mr. McNab glanced quickly down at Bobby's feet. There seemed nothing in any way out of the common about them so far as shape was concerned, but the right foot was seamed with a ragged-looking short scar which ran from between the second and third toes up towards the instep. "Put ohn ye'r clothes, Bohbby," said Mr. McNab. Bobby obeyed. "Never heed ye'r boots and socks, Bohbby," he said, "jist bring them on in ye'r hahnd." As they went together to the cottage Mr. McNab glanced at Bobby's footprints, and quickly saw that there was a slight but marked peculiarity in the track both of right and left foot—the second and third toes were set so close together that they seemed to be united almost to the topmost joint. When they reached the cottage breakfast was on the table, but Mr. McNab had of course to change his wet clothes before sitting down, and whilst he did so Bobby exerted himself in every possible way to help, carrying out the wet garments, handing dry ones, and altogether doing his best, it seemed to the overseer, to show his penitence. "Say grace, Bohbby," said Mr. McNab when they sat down to table, "and ye may jist ahdd a wurrd or so frohm yerself to returrn thahnks that ye're nut a murrdthurur." It was impossible to say whether Bobby understood this admonition, but the ghost of a smile flitted over his face; then he blushed, and said grace in his usual childlike way. After breakfast Bobby asked Mr. McNab to go with him to the store, and when he com plied produced a few shillings from his pooket and wished to buy the saddler's palm he had seen there the day before, a hank of twine and a sail-needle, and a couple of breadths of canvas of a length he showed with extended hands. Mr. McNab gave him the canvas and twine, lent him the other things, and accepted part of the money by way of payment. "Was there anything else ye were wanting, Bohbby?" he asked as they were leaving the store. "The Jack that was on the coach," replied Bobby. "Is it here?" "Is it Mrs. Lanbranch's flag thaht ye mean, Bohbby?" inquired Mr. McNab. Bobby nodded. "Yes," said Mr. McNab. "Will I ask fur it fur ye?" "Yes, sir," said Bobby. "Tell her it is for her little shell-back." "Whatt little shell-back?" asked Mr. McNab. Bobby went to his room and fetched the picture of Mrs. Lanbranch and her little lost boy. "That's him," said Bobby. "I found him at the Swan-swim, where me and Nancy's Bobby used to go to shoo bats. Bobby pushed me in the water, and mother was angry." "Who is your mother, Bohbby?" asked Mr. McNab. Bobby touched the portrait. "Did she tell you she was ahngry?" inquired Mr. McNab. Bobby shook his head. "Who told you?" asked the overseer. "Granny says so," Bobby replied. "Mother sent me away; she gave me to granny. She told Nancy to take me away to her." Bobby sat down to his sewing, and Mr. McNab mounted the horse standing ready for him at the door. First of all he rode to the house, and asked for the Union Jack for Bobby as he had promised to do. Mrs, Lanbranch gave it to him and he took it to the cottage and handed it to Bobby. Then he rode up the paddock towards a seques tered bend in the river, where Mrs. Lanbranch, attended by a maid, used morning and even ing to go for a swim. As he went he looked downward to left and right, and now and then ahead as if tracking some stray sheep or a missing horse. Mr. Lanbranch noticed him from the veranda, and remarked to Mrs. Lan branch: "McNab is on the warpath, I see. Some milker's calf most likely got out of the pen and made off with its mother." "Oh, by the way," said Mrs.Lanbranch, "I begin to think that Mr. McNab is right with regard to Bobby—that, after all, he is not Sam Winter's son." "That reminds me, Margie," said Mr. Lanbranch, "that on my way in yesterday I put the question to Winter, and he admits that the boy is his." At this moment a man was seen riding from the turn-off towards the house. As he drew nearer Mr. and Mrs. Lanbranch saw with surprise that it was Handley, the town herds man at Kombo's Crossing. He was riding as if in haste, and when he was close to the house he took a telegram out of his saddle-pouch and waved it in the air. Then he dismounted, and handing it to Mr. Lanbranch said, "You'll excuse me sir, but it's all hover the Crossing since height a hem this mornin' - 'n I wish ye j'y." Mr. Lanbranch opened the telegram, his wife reading as he read. The words were these:— Sydney, —th April, 18—. The boy called Bobby, whom Winter, punts man, Kombo's Crossing, got last July from training ship Dundonald, is your son, Richard Lanbranch. No doubt whatever. Do not let him out of your sight. Will arrive with all proofs special coach Tuesday next. Meet me Oxley's Camp, Sunday, self or Mr. McNab, protection. Bertha Lanbranch. Mr. McNab meanwhile had found what he was in search of. When he reached the bathing place the tracks on the sand close by were so confused that he could discover nothing. The maid in her stout shoes seemed to have revolved round Mrs. Lanbranch till every foot print her mistress made was obliterated. There was an islet, however, midway in the stream, and Mr. McNab swam his horse across to it and scanned its narrow strip of shore. There in the damp sand was the proof be sought. The Mistress's track was, as Cubbie had declared, like that of Bobby. It showed the imprint of a slender arched foot, of which the second and third toes were joined half-way. On his return towards the homestead Mr. McNab rode up to the house and inquired for Mr. Lanbranch, and was shown into the office where he sat, pallid and much perturbed, in counsel with Mrs. Lanbranch. Mr. McNab saw that something was amiss, and was anxious to be gone. "Ye'll excuse me," he said, "if I inthrude, but I was wanting to see Winter about yon boy Bohbby. He would be real useful here, an' Winter could get another lad from the Dun dohnald to help at the punt." Mr. Lanbranch handed Mr. McNab the tele gram. "Read that," he said. Mr. McNab read it, and when he had done so he told Mr. and Mrs. Lanbranch all he himself had learned about Bobby, and confessed that his motive in trying to retain Bobby at Wilga was to keep him out of Winter's hands until proofs could be obtained as to who the boy really was. Mr. McNab had scarcely finished what he had to say when Winter himself arrived from the Crossing, was ushered into the office, and demanded with a sullen air that his son, as he now called Bobby, should return with him at once. Miss Lanbranch's telegram, it appeared, had not been the only one which had reached the township with the news of her nephew's having, as she believed, at last been found, and naturally the story had not long been withheld from Winter, although to no one but Mr. Lan branch had he admitted that Bobby was, as he believed, his son. As soon as Winter had understood that an attempt might be made to take the boy away from him he set off for Wilga to claim the boy as his own, and to take possession of him. "Listen to me, Winter," said Mr. Lanbranch. "If the boy is yours I don't want him." "He is mine," said Winter. "His mother never lost sight of him from the day he was born till the day she died. Her mother had him from then till he went on board the Dun donald. I got him from there, as you very well know, myself." "Will you and Mr. Lanbranch come over to the cohtage," said Mr. McNab, "and see Bohbby yerselves?" So saying he rose and led the way to his quarters, and the other two men followed. As he drew near he held up his hand as a sign that they were to be cautious, and when they arrived he admitted them by the back entrance into the sitting-room. [TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK.] 