THE BEIGN OF GABBLE. A recent French writer, a certain Pasquier, who saw the chief events of the first French revolution, speakb of " the *c inexplicable craze for all sorts of " Utopian chiraerce," which was character istic of the end of the last century. We know now how the beliefs of what Words worth has called " a too credulous day " have been realised in actual practice, and we can see, too, with some clearness what it is mainly that stands in the way of the realisation of most of the projects of the closet philosophers and the gushing philanthropists. Mankind continues to remain "an unco' squad," as Burns described it muck about the time re- j ferred to, and because it is " unco'" we have a repetition of the very thingsj which failed before and are predestined to fail again. This seems to be the | natural course of events, which may bej said to be circular, and hardly advancing.' circles such as the storms move in of which we hear a great deal, in weather! prognostications. But though we may ! expect that the desire for Utopian, chimera; is one which will ever renew itself, and one which may he regarded as the aspiration of many for a better state, of affairs than the world has ever yet seen ; on a large scale, we cannot fail to per ceive that the end of the nineteenth century is distinguished by a new ; aftd remarkably simple development, of its own. A number of persons, j well-meaning we may presume, having reached the proposition that many things not believed generally in the past may be accepted now, deduce from it the conclusion that all the delusions of the past ought therefore to be accepted as (natters of belief in the present. The conclusion does not at all follow from the premisses, but it establishes the fact that those who are now the prophets of a new era are credulous enough to swallow the biggest delusions of bygone days. All, of course, are not so, but it is worthy of notice that the new and the old beliefs run side by side, so that it is hard to tell whether there are any bounds to credulity,j or whether there are not a host of persons who have become so destitute of discrimination as to make all beliefs of equal ranks. .We may see this in the number of papers and periodicals now published, in.which all seems of one hue. Chiromancy is dis cussed side by side with soeialism, astro logy ranks with astronomy, whilst we are introduced month after month to a succession of wonderful persons who are all doing the most wonderful things. The cr&ukB; and the faddists are glorified, much as if to be a crank or a faddist was to have a claim to recognition amongst the great and to give a title to distinc tion. And nothing is more strange than the people/whom we find placed oh one level and spoken of all as the saviours of society. Womear with a mission, memvpth a scheme, girls prepared to teachtheir grandmothers, and boys ready and'iiUing to instruct their sires, all figure one after the other as notabilities, Without any attempt to decide as to their met£&," or any standard being satupof admission to the pOsftaon of wwagnised jMuhera.'; Jntftfit are confounded. Our periodicalahave |>epoine so full of great men and' women; that, the greatest merit that now can be claimed is, not to-have been noticed at j ell, or had one's portrait paraded as ] of a coining saviour of one's country, j Much space would be required to even ftweh onthe numerous things seriously put forward which seem to bo published in the simple faith th At everybody believes everything. The comments that are made may be described as gabble, subb as is heard amongst the crowd who have no knowledge to guide them, and to whom everything comes as new. It is on these, of course, that the charlatans have preyed for many long years and will con tinue to prey, bub the notable part of the business is, that a set of presumably in telligent persons have deliberately, ap parently, by the misuse of their faculties, reduced themselves to tho primitive stage of ignorance. Thus we have what is called Hedonism paraded as if it was a new discovery, and not what was called EpicurianiBm thousands of years ago. Again, editors profess to be astounded at what have been called spirit photographs, though they might have learned the truth oE it in ten minutes. Then we have automatic writing, some editors professing to believe that others write by their hands, though their own personality shines through all that they write. These arc but a few of the things gabbled about in the fashion in which; gossips talk of ghosteses," without one attempt to investigate tho case or test tho alleged facts. • Besides alt tliis there are books of gabble, symposia, as they call them sometimes, in which a number of persons are allowed to get off their crazos without any editorial supervision or correction. In one of these books we read recently that a lady writer declared that " men " were in a sad case to-day if they could *' not kill their Frankensteins." The writer, wo may be sure, did not know what she meant, whilst there seems to hare been 110 editor at hand to tell her that she was writing nonsense. The serious part of the whole business is that ire have to consider what is to become of a world in which this sort of Uiing becomes predominant. -As most persons know, it is very hard work to keep things right when social and political problems are dealt with by those who bring careful thought and loug experience to bear upon them, and even then the bcBt choice that can be made is ono of evils. But if our Legislatures are to be filled with gabblers who refer nothing to any standard of fact, liow is the world to be governed at all ? Should the thing continue, should it really be conceded that .the coming men and women are of the kind who so loudly declare that they are about to come, we may look for chaos and old night once again, when all will be con fused, when "nought is everything and everything is nought." The prospect is a serious one, for it is evident that gabble gains ground every day. The cure, of course, will come again as it has come before, but it may be at tbe cost of a convulsion which will shake society to its base and bring back the reign of force which the world has always pre ferred and always will prefer to anarchy and uncertainty. 