THE ?I.!iEY OF <SOTLS.' Aoeordingtothc Hindoo tradition there exints beneath the eaTth, in tho seoond oirole .of inferior he&vonfli; boyond tho reuoh of tlio sunlight an immense valley, half shrouded in onoennty. Ibebluiau foliage of its trees, glimmers beneath a phouphoroHcent light; its plnnta, rigid and ntigul&r; Iu form, nru but orynfcalhssationa of different colors, and hear blossoms of jewels, uuabula of garnet, topaz, &ud; ftmctbysfe, ouoh us ono might eog in a kaleidoscope, and wbioh rodeoc irx their pnnxialio f&oots; tho alr&nno; blue plow of tho troi»Q. .oo -In tho midst of this lunar tralipht all la fluent, Oao hears no song of birds, no hum of been— the earth is unequal to the u»ten« ?c? Rny living orostare, Even tbo voice or the trees Is stilled beneath the motionless foliage. A huge lake which supplies neither spring po Btroatn occupies the baeo of the valley — ; it fills tbo silonoo with no sound of melodious 2? BPl5?S waters; it holds but a thiol: film 0a white vapors, whioh lave without wetting tho edges of the ahoro and tho base of tho promontories, or rise and float like a voil shout tho lake's enchanted island# si0D a ,10' however, entirely lacking in thiB silent spot— ob a drapery flutters in tho oroene, do hero and tlicro the placid ourfaco of tho lake flutters, and its culm is broken by silvery rippleo. Hero and there along tbo waves glidu Btrange forms — eo vapuo that they seem part of tho lake itself. Yet Btill their shadowy outlines fuggeat human forms, dimly visible through tbo veil of uiist whioh Burrounds them. Their arrau and Bhouldera . doatitute of flosh ond mueelo aro faint iu co ruco hair shades their brows; , their bloodless faces, which neither mirth nor Borrow can alter, hold nevertheless Bomo ox- presaion.. Thoir eyes are barely suggested — the places where tho eyes should bo show but dftvk stains, which send forth only the phon- soma of intellig «nt r gard— their shrunken lips won and drawn, whioh oan cover open until the supremo oomwsnd releasee their silence, feofflce by thoir form to show tho differonoo in tho sexes. Onoo riuen from the lako, these shades of men and women wander along its shores, or tie opon tho banks where, through their Uon8 b0(JaB' ona mny see the earth on whioh they roat, glistening with its flowers of onyx and tcpaz, whose petals do not oven bend beneath their weird burden. Sometimes, their elbows resting upon tho ground, their beads bowed upon thoir hands,' those spootrea seem to dream. Of what otull ore their dreams ? Perhaps of their past existenae ; perhaps of the existence the f ature holds for them. For in this volley sojourn those souls who are destined to a new experience of earthly lifo. After having been judged by tbo terrible j i"00rruP»l>la Yama, at onoe the Minos ana l Into of the Hindoo underworld, after having acoompoiished thoir time of torture or delight according tin on earth thoy had lived in vioo or virtue, it ib in this spot that, purified by thoir expiation or recompensed for the oonrage displayod in their struggle, equal henceforth rn the eyes of Indra, the god of heavon, their peace made with Brahma, tho all-powerful creator, with Shiva; the ail- powerfnl destroyer and rogenerator, thoy await the advent into the world of an infant into whoso body they mast effeot their trans migration. Ono day, Obiira.Goupta, the angel of emorald hue, along wh so three pairs of shoulders are ranged eix pairs of powerfnl wings, oamo in his eapaoiiy as Prime Mini- eter of Yams, to arrange for the transmigra- tion of tho eouls. Before the diamond portals by wbloh the valley is entered be en countered the goddess Sohitnla, the protect- ress of ohildron born ortoba born. The angel Obitra-Goapta' frowned as he beheld her. for in tho goddess ho recognized a powerful rival. . "Are yon again here with your complain ings," said he, "and still asking us for your ohsrges those, gifts/which only the great godB themselves enn bestow 1 . " I havo nothing mora to aoh," answered Sohitala, |! from Brahma I have obtained whst I desired for tho happiness of the entire human race, and am hero to signify his com mand." " What do yon propose to do, and is it to bo done?" " Liaton, Gonpta, and bo proud to second me in my great and holy undertaking. Man, as you know, has nearly always something to oomplain of in his earthly lot. Would you know why ? It ia because too ofton hie soul, abiding in a body not made for its dwelling- piaoe, is roraed to endure conditions wbiob are in opposition to i'b instinots. Heronfior, instructed in advance ol its future destiny, tho soul will be given the privilege of aaoept- sg or reject. r.g :„;s cnvilup ui iheii within which it must acoomplish its miasiou. This is the prayer whioh l have addressed to Brahmn, and whioh ho has granted." The Minister of Yuma gave vent to suah a burst of laughter that his six pairs of wings beat together against his threa pair of shoul ders, and sovcral seconds passed before ho oould regain his spccoh. At length he aver- oamo bis hilarity. "Are you dreaming, mother? Brahma himself, overaomo by the perfumes of Oama- lato, or by tho sweet cordial of Armitam, must have been dreaming when ho made snub a promiso. By tho fliimes of Hades; I am in- olincd to believe ho was smueing himself at your expense." In reply, Sohitala drew from beneath her saarlet mantle the dccreo sent forth by Brahma, carefully enwrapped in leaves of lotus and oouscha, and handed it to Goupta, as the diamond doors swung open of them selves before the two angels. " Oursee upon man 1 tho world is coming to an end," murmured Goupta, sighing so deeply that all the fragile phantoms ot the lake, were blown towards the further shore, as tho foam of the sea in blown before, the breath of the tompeat ; 11 to make man his own master, to havo liim to accept or reject his futnra destiny I Too muoh charity has mado you fooliBb, old mother; hereafter we shall have no more souls to. supply, exooptto tbe'ohildren of tho rich and powerful. Be fore a halt century has passed, kinge will be born wjthout people to govern, and the brah mins will preach in the desert." "Lot us try," said the goddess. "It is well, sincoit ia your wish and Brah ma's deorce." After thoroughly mastering tho significance ot tho diviue order, tho emerald angel, some what ro-aoaurod, approached the lake, oon suited his register, and then in sonorous toneB oalled in turn six souls, giving onob the surname bo had borne on earth. At tho utter- anco of each namo tho wavoa trembled, alight bubbling manifested itoell on some point ois tho lake's silver smoothness, then a Bhado, slowly rieiug from hie vapory couch, gained the eboro. When ho saw around him nil tho 3ix to gether, Ohitra- Goupta informed them of the degree of Brahmn, and impressed upon them the ono restriction whioh thoy must understand. " By a refusal to bcaoma at onao tho inhabit ant of tho bodv pre-destinod for him, tho eoul would loea his ohanco of lifo, and must remain as man; years longer in this valley of shadows as ho might otherwise have livod among the world of men." This was the olauso whioh had ro neaurnd Ohitra-Goupta about tbo consequences of tha dsoreo. Tho first soul called wao that of an old dervish, who had left- in Mysoro the memory of a lifo full of holy self-denial as well ae tho most pious mortifiontion of tho flesh. " You," said tbo angel, " shall bo born in tho midst of on honest mercantile family, wboeo lives run in a groovo equally asper ated from tho honors whioh bring onro to tho mind an from tho troubles whioh rob it of its strength. Rejoico I" "E-joloa doubly," said Sohitala, "for, sweetly lulled In tho eunohino of your mothor'o earessos, you shall csonpa tha corruptions of the tho world, and still onvolopcd In tho robes of innocence you shall die an infant. This tirno you shall gain tho prize of viotory with out the struggle of oombat." " To die an infant," roplled the old dervish ; " what 1 to put my- lips to tbo brim of the oup and have no power to drink even half it holds I to see once mora the doors of, lifo open to mo, and obus« noon tha threshold I C:-' to- - ' I : 'U: i Batter wero it not to be" burn. I have tested i the joys of hoAven, now I would know thoso of earth. I will walt." Aad with a gesture of refusal, the dervish plunged into tho lako. "Tho old fool has bccomo perverted in heaven," Bald Ohitra-Goupta, Bbragging bis three pairs of shoulders. " Can it be possible that extreme virtue as woll aa viae oocnsions remcroe?" murmured Schitalo grown ponBivo. Another soul took the place of tho dervish, ChsnoB or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases itBelf by bringing together strango contrasts. This eoul was that of a bayaddre, who had dolighted all Benares by lior grace ful end voluptuous dancing. She had oven figured brilliantly In tbo oeremoniea ol tho temple, where, in spite ot her ecooutrio beha viour, she had the protection of tho priests during her lifetime end, perhaps, alter death tho indulgence of the gods. Sho approached lightly— almost in a bound— the divine pair, who were seated upon a rook ot malaobito veined with gold, " You shall bo bountiful, said the messen ger of Yama, " and becauaa of your boauty you Rhnll beeoroo tho wifo of a rich nabob, who will oast all liis treasures at your feet, to gratify your lightest caprice. Ecjoioe." The eoul of the buy sddco soomca to tremble, ae if in excess of joy ; oho cant a rapid glance about her, upon the ebubbery of jade and tur quoise, upon all the rich jewels which farmed tbo floral embellishments of the valley, think ing, no doubt, that sho \yould find similar ones on earth with which to adorn herself, Neoklaccs, bracelets, and girdles ehould bo here, and jowels should hung in clusters from tho ends ot her long and flowinghair. Never theless, before giving her final acceptance, she asked : " Will ho bo young, this rioh nabob whom I am to wed ?" "He will bo threa times yonr age; but that is nothing, Ilejoioe ; for after he haB loaded you with gifts, he must die. Ho will leavo you mietrouR'of a colossal fortune, freo to obnoee o new husband, and thiB scoond one shall bo young and noblo of r-ountonanoe," " Shall I bear bim ohildron?" " Bslh your buebatda— the young as well as the old— must leavo you childless." The bayadere's countenance fell ; her look of desdlstion was pitiublo. "Childless!" she repeated; still this die. honor 'I" And turning abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering : "To live without tho joy of maternity is no life." Tbo emera'd nngol looked ot the benevolent goddess with a mocking smile. "There," said he, " is a refusal you certainly did not anticipate, good mother. An old huoband to make her rioh and to grant all hor wishes ; a young ono to gratify her taatos. It ie not easy to understand this. Is your cex still oaprioious, even in this empire of ghosts ?" " If tho trco aocureed with barrcnuees could speak, Goupta, you would hove its answer, ' tilerility ie dishonor.' For woman the ease is even more dreadful. Brahma the divico, by an ineffable gilt, decreed from thefiist day of tbo world's exiBtenaa, to sharo with wo man tho faculty of creating- Almost from her cradlo she thrills wil.i an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant ia she already a mother. Poor bayaddro 1 I understand h«! refusal." . " Very well," replied Ohitra-Goupta, " bu in the meantime wo run tho riBk oi not find ing a soul who wishes to leave this valley. We have tried without success, the old der vish and the yonng bayuddro — now let ub undertako tho case ol this whilom princo, whs knt lately olong to the hopeless longing for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, are tho moving impulses of biB olaes : thie time, I am sure of moeptance," and with a gesture he called to him U- ,-onl whose turn hnd come. "B-jnioe," cried Goupts, at ; .« nde ap. prooohed, " rejoice, and thank the gods you shall bo king," " King I" ropliod the soul with a shudder, In- the olden times it woe to a degree en durable— to-day the position is a sad and oruol ono. To make one's-solf tbo cxoautlonor of one's own family, for the purpose of stand ing well before hie people; to merit tba ohastieemcnt of heaven, and tho contempt of men— only to broomo at last tho vassal or prisoner t-i the Kuropeau invaders. What a fate I My uncle, the powerful sovereign of D-coan, forced ma to burn out my eyes that hie people should not thinlc me unworthy to succeed him. And hedied— how? Tho humble dependent ot the English king 1 Better were it to be born In the humble cabin of a pariah then on the golden steps that load to the throne of Delhi." "Thera is more danner than I belisved. since even kings decline the offer," murmured the minister ol Yama. " We ora only half way vat." nlesdnd Sohitala, " let ua'go on." " Of the two souis who followed, one was offered the body of a banker not too -scrupu lous in bis mothod of aoquiring wealth, and who, gaining fortune, should at the earns time fall a victim to a sorious -illness, so that he oould but rarely leave a bed of pain. Tbo other was destined to enter the body of a laborer, whose out-door life would givo bim the inestimablo blessing of health and strong tli. " To be," said one, " at the same time in health and adversity 1 What is that but to possess a good stomach only as an abiding place for tbo demon of hanger? " " Wealth and Buffering," quoth the other, " a mantle of gold flung upon tho shoulders of a corpse." And both refused. "What have you to say now, Sohitala?" aBkcd tha emerald angel with an air of triumph. " Do you etill think it wire cad just to instruct men concerning tho fate lifo holds for them, and to leavo them free to choose or rejeot their new birth 1 With this stats of things, I repeat, tho land wonldsoon be depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you have addressed to Brahma, tboro uro already upon nnrth fivo poor mothers be wailing tbo loos of tboir etill-born infanta." SceiDg tho good Sohitala covored with shame and bowing her head in eilenco, ho added : " Heed mo, Schitalo, let us go no further — for tbo Iaet eoul left us to coneult will sorely, and with reason this tirno, return at onae to tho lake." Opening bio book, ho prepared to draw a line through tho six names written therein, but the remaining eoul, finding herself alone, did not nwait hie summons, and eilontly ap- proeohed tho blook of malaohits. By her mournful stop, hor drooping head, ono oould plainly read that tho memories of her lifo awoke within her bronst only sad and melancholy impressions. This was the ghost of a poor girl of Lahor, who hod in lifo a grievous lot to enduro. Far romovod from tho pleasures whioh rank, fortune, ond power proront, ohe had been tho eole support of on oged ond helpless mother. Whon, nt last, Adisano, tho God of Unhappineos, had seemed placated liy hor resignation, and lovo, with its promises ot happiness and oousolation emilod upon her, her wedding morning ohone upon her dead— poisoned by a vonomons ecr- pent. _ " Poor oroncuro 1 You are fatally prc-dco- tined," murmured the auusl. "I cannot oay, to you as to the others, 'Bejolool' I cannot offer you in your now lifo anything bat pain and privation, Thcso'two eoolu who but now wore boforo mo lcfused their transmigration baoauue they could not possets both honlth and fortune— for you I can promise neither tho one nor tho other. You must ondnro both poverty and suffering. Do you aocept lifo ni euohn prlos? Decido." Tho slmdcq making no motion toward tbo lake, stood oilept aid attenfivo, r.n if In hope tbnt eorao further rovelatlon might soften tho aruolly of tho words sho had already listened to. " Aluel olaal"said in turn good Sohitala profoundly touched with pity, " profit by tho gift of Brahma, dear eoul ; not only through tha aontlauqd failing of your health shall ad versity pursiio you, but nftor years of Inooc- sont Bnd fruitless toll, grown feeble and and broken, you must exhauut tho romninoot your strength in oaring for your Invalid bus- band." Tho young soul started, "This husband at. whoso side I must pass my future life mP double, ami illnoss—wiU ho love mei? " Yes, bat no you alalia. A rival obail be preferred before you ; from tbo aehos of your happiness, barely known boforo itfadea away,' shall come to you new agony— new oufforing mora heavy to enduro thah all thereat, You will be jealous'."- "But I shall lovo him, then?" " You will lore him," I ' . "Unto tho end," "Yre, unto the end; for alone of all his wives you will follow him to tbo fiery heart of hiB funeral pile." " Blessed do the name of Brahma I I would live," To this ory of love, this passionate expres sion ot devotion and self-sacrlficothaaoldand silent valley, found a rcsponsivo oaho ; the tress were shaken from their immobility, tho phospherescent lights and tho diamond flaworo ehona with redoubled brillianoy, and all tlio phantomo dwelling In tho ohadowy depths of tho lako roso to tho surface to wave to their companion a gestaro of farowoll. But already the benovolent goddess had clasped beneath her purplo mantle tho poor tender eoul, whilo Obitra-Goupta, spreading swiftly his six pairs bf wingu, took his flight to tbo seventh superior heaven, to ocek from Indra, .tho high god, tho annulment of Brnhma'o dcoree. Indra revoked tbodeoreo; hut onthopagos of hio golden book ho wrote tho name ot the young girl of Labor, and underneath— tho namo ot Bayadere. 