'jjWin«iwn.MiMfc»li«i«-iiiiii»wM-iin- ? finMHmi ? OUR^NOVELIST A SINLESS CRIME. By the author of ' Ths Oosl of Oonnuts A Wife's Revenge,' $c- CHAPTER XXVHL-CoxTimi.. ON TIT 13 001,0 COAST. , ' py t-lio Yoiy next fillip, my darl. .?ing, ho inai'mured. 'If wo reacli Jomo beggars. Lifo is More fill. What is iiy clear— what is it P' Sho had started up wido awake, ns sleepers do start sometimos, aud was staving past him and out at the open door wi tli-wiW, fear-dilated oyos. ' What started you, dear P1' mo man, tno man !' she Rasped, 'What man P' ?'There! there!' Sho pointed to tho door invno'ue alarm. ,' I saw him,' sho said. ITo stood thoro .looking' in, Such a spoclro of a man, Dick!' ? 'I think you wero dreaming, my dai'lincf. You wero fusfc aslocm, !l fancy. ' 11 I didn't dream him. 1 saw him quite plainly,' ' Ono of tho niggers, child. You aro.not afraid of them.' Sho shook her head. ' No, it was nofcono of thorn, Dick,' (l A whito follow ! Thoro are lots of whito soamps about ; but ho mm t iiavo como, and gono liko a ghost. livery filling was very still and I never \- heard a footfall,' ' Nor did' I ; but I saw him ns plainly as I seo you, Dick, do you think it was a warning P' ^' Of what, child P' ' Of what is coming to mo, Diok— of the iimo when you will bo all nlono, with nothing loft of your help. . loss wifo but a mould under tho palm ,treea yonder,' 'My fanoiful darling, »' iho young ., husband said, straining hor to his ? heart with an inward shudder at hoi ominous words, 'It was oithorn dream, which I think it must have woen, or else someone is really prowl ing about. It's not likely, though, in this heat. ' But I'll seo.' , Ho laid her gently baokupon hov pillows and wont out on to tho ver andah, There was no ono visible ox oopt ono or two negro sorvants, on whoso black skins and wool-protected hoacls the ami made no impression. J. he,y had soon no ono, hou was any. ono visiblo between the house and tlio soa, whioh stretohed out about » quarter of a milo away from tho honso, ? ,a gleaming, glittoring expanse, look* mg in tho glare like molten silver. ! A ship lay out there, a dark mass on tho shining water. Still and silent, with no sign of lifo aboard hor, and v awnings and wind sails showing above hor scorching decks, Not a oreaturo was to bo seen out of doors ; tho vary blaoks wore in the shade somewhere, Eiohard Adair went in again, the iperspira^on pouring from, every pore even wilh that slight exertion, and sat down onoo imore by his wife. . ' 'A bodiless oreation,' as Hamlet's motner remarks,' he said. ' There's not a( creature to be seen. Nothing but a salamandor could stand the heat to day.' \- ? ' It was a warning,' sho repeated, dreamily. ' It was a frightful face, . v Diok, dear ; more like a wild beast than anything human, and yet while ib stood there looking at mo, I went ? baok like a flash of lightning at Mor rion Royal. Do you remombor Mer rionBoyal,DiqkP' ?' Why, it waekjbhere I first saw you, Alie, just inside the park gates, As if I could never forgot it !' . ' Why, I was only a little girl, and I thought you such a flno gentleman.' 'I had yagao ideas of tho samo ' sort myself in thoso days,' ho said, * with a smile and a sigh. 'Lwns just lot ( looso npon tho world, and thought it hardly largo enough forme. I remember wondering who tho pretty, demure-looking littlo lassio was that seomod so shy.' 'Seomod! I was shy. I was dreadfully frightened of everybody. I thought Mrs. Brnco, tho house. . . keeper, the grandest lady I had over seen, and wondered however sho could . thjnk of a poor Httlo thing liko mo. , ? Sho was my mother's cousin, you jwivnr, fvuu rery JUUU 10 Hie, Her poor, wan faco frightened at her recollectons of that far-away timo in England tfhon she, an orphan schoolgirl, had been sent for to Btay . at Merrion, and had been thereby made a sharer in tho coming of age festivities whioh had been tho beginning of so much that was event ful in the lives of tho twin brothers, 'Lord Momo'n was a grand old gentleman,' sho said, pursuing hor , retrospections, ' but terribly stern— at least, 1 thought so. Ho spoke to ? me once, and I nearly died of fright at it.' '! Bless me, child, what did ho say to you to produce such an effect r said her husband, waving the fan he held over her faoo. ' I don't know. I hav'n't tho least idea. I was far too scared to recol. .loot, i remember what , ho said to Mrs. Bruce, though.' 'What was it P' ' Ho naked if I was her grand ? daughtir,1 replied Alice, laughing. ' It was funny to seo how indignant . sho was. She drew howelfup liko a duchess, and looked at him, (I never had a child, my lord,' sho said, and he looked foolish. 'Dear me, no. I forgot. I beg your pardon,'' ho stammered, and ho got out of tho roomVwithput asking any moro ques tions. I liked the young -gentlemen better. I could talk to them !' ' tfino young follows they wore thon.t Mr. Godfrey—Lord Merrion that is now— was always most to my liking. His brothor seemod a stupid, mooning sort of follow.' 'That ho wasn't,' Alice said, warmly. 'Mr. Godfrey was the noisiest, and tho most full of fun and nonsense, but his brother was tho most gentlemanly. I used to go in constant fear of the younger ono. Ho ' torrifiod mo out oi my wits almost with all sorts of pranks', but thoothor one treated me as though I were a little lady instead of tho housokeoper's poor relation. A truo gontloman was Mr. Outhbert Men-ion,' ' It is odd how the raco sooms to bo dwindling awRy,'^iohard Adah ? re« marked. ' An old lady I know in tho village there— a Mrs, 'Horn or—was full of nil noii.s of prophecies and fore bodinirs to Morrion Royal. Sho had an old ryhmo prediction that after twins I horn would bo no heir to the til lo rrn.l fortune, and thoro is none.' ' No. It sooms queer, doosn't it P There doos seom a ourso upon some families, doesn't thore P Thisonehas lasted since some civil war wlioro ono twin brother killed the other in battle Fancy twin brothers taking opposite sides like that.' ' I can fancy anything of thoao good old times, Alie, but 1 can't fanoy what has put Merrion so much into your head to-day,' 'That man's faoo, Diok.' ' Did you recogmV.o him, thon P Was it a faoo you know P' ' My dearest, no. It wan moro liko an ape than a human creature. But that it had ulofchos on of some sort, 1 should not havo known it for a man. But it looked at mo with suoh curious oyes, aud thon in a flash I seomod to be in England and at Morrion Royal with Mrs, Bruce.' . ' All a dream, born of tho heat and vourweaknoss, my darling Oh, thank hoavon for that,' he added, as a breozo something cooler than the stilling . atmosphoro within blow through the open Avindow. ' Do you foelitP' ' Oli, yofi/'sho'ropliod, Avith a gasp for breath. ' And ? Oh, Dick, it Avas no fanoy. Look there !' A Avcird, wild face was peering in at the door. As Alico had said, some thing more like a monkey than a man but for.tho whito hair which hung in tangled' massos ovor its oyes and down on its shoulders bohiud', ' Don't bo frightened, dear love,' fcho young man said to his Avife, for ahowas clinging to him in abject terror. ' Ho Avon't hurt you, Ho looks starved.' Starvecf, iiidood. Tho faoo Avas AYan and tho oyos distonded, and tho hands that clutched the doorpost for support wel'o liko olaAvs in their homblo lean ness. Tho form was clad in an odd collection of rags— part nativo oloth, part tho scarcely distinguishable ro mains of European clothing, On the head was a nativo hat, fastonod undor the chin Avifch a piece of string. '$££] 'Who aro youP' asked Richard Adair, as the man stared vacantly round him. ' What do you want ? The creature gasped somothingin a hoarse vbico, almost liko the bark of a dog, and having spoken, foil down in a senseless heap at their foot. Whoever ho might be, ho was a human creature in diro need, and tho young man summoned his sorvants, and mado them minister to his want*. Thoy gave him food and Avator, sparingly, .for ho had cohio to that fearful pass ayIioii a mouthful too Qfroodily HAvallowod may bo death. They could make nothing of him, ovou when strengthened by feeding' Ho did not seem to know his name' or wherOjho came frbm, and only shook ms neaa ana muttered noipiossiy at every question put to him. ' l think he's orazy, poor fellow,' Richard remarked. ' But whero the douce has he boon P I'vo novor Boon him before He must hare dropped from tho clouds.' ' Thore aren't anv to drop from, Diok, dear,'' his wifo said, Avith a laugh. 'I Avish there Avore. Try him in French. I fanoy ho's a Suropean,' It was hard to tell, for ho Avas al most black now, but lie had a decided ly European shape of hoad. His hands and feet, too, had nothing of tho negro about them, nor the hair, which, though so unkempt and mat ted, was fine and soft. His faco look ed liko that of a very aged man, but his teeth seemed sound, and his hands, though painfully thin, ayoi-o firm and sinoAvy. Mr. Adair spoko to him in Frenoh, and then in Gorman, in both whioh languages ho could oonvorso (luontly, but ho took no moro notice of either than he had dono of tho English. ' I'll try again by an-j bye,' he said, ' I fancy ho's going to sleep.' 'Ho isn't dying, is ho?' ' No, clear, Not now. Ho's quite worn out, I fanoy, and Avill sleep some time. Perhaps ho will spouk to us when ho Avakos up.' The miserablo creature had suulc down in a huddled heap, too utterly oxhausted to havo any thought or oavo whore or how ho rosted, and put ting something under his hoad, thoy loft .him tosleop as long as ho would CHAPTER XXIX. ? ON nOAKD THE OOOMPTRK. Snood, spood, thou floot vossolj thy sails aro unfurled. Oh, ask mo not whither— my homo is tho world ! — HaynksBaymy 'Whbrbveb the wretohod creature who had so frightened Mrs. Adair had como, from he was an utter 'stranger in the colony. He slept long and so heavily that but for his breathing they would havo thought him dead, a moveless, Avorn-ont sloop that soom od to havo no feeling in it. They lifted his hands, and they felt liko ;hoso of a corpse. Thoy pulled him from tho placo whore ho had dropped into a moro sholtored corner, but ho never Avoko. His feet woro fearfully bruised and acorated, as though ho had walkod a long way, and thoy Avero bound up in nieces of nativo mnMiniv nnnii na t.im tribes in tho interior of tho country sometimos brought down to the coast forsalo and barter. Such rags of civilized clothing as ho had on seom od to bo tho remains of gavmontn such as aro taken out to Africa by tho shipload for trading with thenativos, and could givo not tho slightest cluo to their Ayearor's identity. When it grow cool, Riohard Adair wont and mado all tho inquiries ho )ossibly could, but no one had seen or heard of any suoh person as ho dos oribod. Vagrants, nuoh as av.o know tliom, aro unknown in colonies liko Cape Coast Oastlo, and this man's appearunco Avas bo singular that no one seoing him for a moment could either overlook or forgot him. Ho took many people to look at his strange guest as ho lay sleoping on a cornorof tho vorandah, but ho Avas as strange to thorn all as though he had dropped from tho moon. ' 1 think he's either English or Amorican,' he said to a friend who was puzzling over tho man's aged poking faco Avith whito hair. ' But fancy ho's oithor crazy or drunk, or both. What's to bo dono with him whon ho AYakos P' -( Maybe he'll be abloto suoak then, )oor devil,' was tho nnswoi'i ' What mshobflou up to, I wondojeP Ha 1 loked as through ho had been though thorns, and ovor stones, and undor water. I don't think he's an old man,' ' Nor I.' ( t ' Many things whiton tho hair be sides ago. Ho looks as though he ho had gono through enough to mako him a hundred at least, If he does turn ont a lunatio avo must take caro of him somehow. Tho State lias not Erovided us Avith a lunatio asylum. !ut avo must seo that ho doos no mischief.' (To bo continued) 