THE CHAHCEL A T S T . DAVID’S . THE CONSECRATION CEREMONY Tho a ’rangements in connection with tho ceremouy of tbe consecration of tho now chancel,at St. David’s Cathedral were yesterday completed and to-day wero commenced with morning service. There was a large crowd assembled about the outside of the church a t an early hour, those -fortunate enough to obtain tickets being admitted by the doors to which their tickets entitled them to enter. Reserved seats wero laid out for a limited cumber, who came in by the side door in tee grounds facing Macquarie street. An efficieht.body of police were present to keep order. The building was crowded all parte. Punctually a t half-past 10 o’clock the strains of the music from the choir outside could be heard chanting Hymn No. 1, " The Church’s one foundation,” on the north side of the Cathedral, tho procession moving slowly round the church to tbe south- west door in Murray street, wbero tee building was entered, th e cross-bearer leading tbo procession as f.-llows Cross-btarer, Choir. Marshal—Rev. G. 8\. Bowyoar. Workmen of the Cathedral, the Contractors, the Architect, Cathedral Building Committee, Members of Lay Helpers Association, Churchwardens of other Parishes, St. David’s Parish Council, Synodsmen, the Cathedral Board, Diocesan Council Marshals — Messrs Bernard Shaw and F. Belstead. Clergy of other Dioceses in the followingorder:—Rockhampton, Riverina, North Queensland, Ballarat, Bathurst, Grafton, Dunedin, Goulburu, Melanesia, Brisbane, Nelson, Waiapu, Wellington, Perth, Christchurch, Newcastle, Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney. Marshal—Rev. A. It. Bartlett. Clergy of the Diooese. Marshals—Rev. G. W. Shoobridgeand R C. N. Kelly. Canons of other Dioceses, Archdeacons of other Dioceses, Deans of other Dioceses, the Registrar of tho Diocese, Yerger of the Cathedral, the Canons, the Dean. Marshal—Canon Finnis. The Bishops (in order of seniority of Consecration) — Bishop of Goulburn, Bishop of Riverina, Bishop of Newcastle, Bishop of Ballarat, Bishop of North Queensland, Bishop of Nelson, Bishop of Melbourne, Bishop of Adelaide, Bishop of Dunedin. (Each Bishop was accompanied by his chaplain). Church Advocate, Chancellor of the Diocese, tbe preacher (Bishop of Rockhampton), the Pastoral Staff tom e by the Rev. J. Oberlin-Hams, the Bishop of the Diocese, the Primate’s Pastoral Staff borne by Canon Sharp (Sydney), the Most Reverend the Primate. Marshal—B«v. J. O. BarriB. As the form of tbe Cross appeared inside the building tbe strains of the organ began Pealra No. 132. Tbe procession then moved * estward and up the central aisle to the chancel, where the members of tbe choir were arranged in their various places. Seats wore reserved for the laity at the top of the nave, tho clergy passing through the chancel to their places in to the side chapel, the dignitaries to the chancel, and the bishops’ to tho sanctuary, and the bishops’ chaplains to the seats immediately outside the sanctuary. At the close of tho Processional Psalm the Secretary of tho Cathedral Building Committee presented the petition for consecration to the BiBhop as follows :— My Lord—In the name of tho Cathedral E.ection Board and in the name of tbe diocese, I desire that you will be pleased to consecrate this chancel and eide chapel to tbe uses set forth in this petition. This being read by the Registrar (M r R S. Hales), th e Bishop made answer os follows: J am ready to do as you desire, and 1 pray God to bless and prosper this your work. After tbis all knelt in silence fora space, when was sung tbo Hymn U ni Creator Sjnriius, commencing “ Come, Eoly Ghost, our souls inspire,” otc. Immediately on tbe conclusion of tbe hymn the whole congregation rose from their knees, and Bishop Montgomery going to tho Holy Table, accompanied by the Rev. DeBn*Dundas, turned himself to the people assembled and said:—Dearly beloved in tbe Lord, forasmuch os devout and holy men as well as under the laws under the Gospel, moved either by tbe secret inspiration of the Holy Spirit or 1), tbo expreEB command of God, have erected houses for the worship of God and separated them from all profane and common uses in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for HisGlorioue Majesty, that they might proparetheir hearts with more devotion and humility to approach His sacred presence, and to receive Hie sacred gifts; let us not doubt but th a t He will ako favorably approve this our godly purpose of scantifying this place and sotting it apart in solemn manner for tbe offices of His holy worship, and let us faith fully and devoutly beg His Mossing on this our undertaking. Then all the congregation kneeling the Bishop said the following prayer: O eternal God, mighty in power, of Majesty incomprehensible, Whom the Heaven of heavens cannot contain, much less the walls of temploB made witb hands; look down, we humbly beseech Thee, with favor upon us, who are here gathered together with all humility and readiness of heart to hallow this place to the honor of Thy groat Name, separating it henceforth from all ordinary and common uses, and brating the Uleesed Sacrament of Christ's Body and Blood, lor blessing Thy people in Tby Name, and for the performance of other holy ordinances. Accept, O Lord, this willing service at our hands, and bless it with such succose as may tend most to Tliy Glory, and the salvation of Tby peo. le, through Jesus Christ our Blessed Lord and S&vionr.; Amen. The Primate then said : O God, the Father of Heaven, Who hast promised in Thy h'>ly Word that, in every place where the remembrance of Tby name shall be put, Thou*wilt come and blesB Thy people come, we beseech Thee, now unto us, anc. bless us, who do put upon this place the memorial of Thy name and dedicate it to Thy service and to the worship of Thy everlasting Fatherhood in the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. O God the Son, Redeetner of the world, who in Thy Ministry here on earth didst honor and adorn with T bypre .ence \ Feast of the Dedication of tho Temple, present, we beseech Thee, a t the Dedication of this Tomple unto Thee, and accept and prosper the work of our hands, Amen. 0 God the Holy Ghost, proceeding from the Father and tee Son, without Whom no place or person is sanctified, send down Tby sanctifying power and groco upon us in this place, and grant that all who worship herein may he made living temples, holy and acceptable unto Thee. Amen. God the Father, God t i e Bon, God the Holy Ghost, accept, hallow, and bless this place to tho ond whereunto we separate it this day. Tho Lord with His favor graciously regard our work, and send down upon this house his spiritual benediction and grace. Amen. After this the Bishop with the chaplains and clerks appointod-walked to tho place of confirmation. Tbo Dean then road as f o l l o w s “ The foundation of repentance from dead workB and of faith, toward God, of the doctrine of Baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection from the dead, and of eternal judgment.” Bishop Montgomery then said: Grant, O Lord, that all upon whom in this place, after tho example of Thy Holy Apostlos, th e Bishop shall lay his hands, may receive the Holy Ghost, and loing preserved in the unity of the Churoh, may daily grow in grace unto their lives’ cod. Amen. 1 he Dean followed a t the place of m arriage aa under : “ For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and be joined unto bis wife, and they two shall be one flesh. This is a great mystery, b u t I epenk concerning Christ and the Church.” Bishop Montgomery then raid : Grant, O Lord, that whosoever ehall be joined together in this place, in th e holy estate of matrimony, may faithfully porform and keep tee vow -and covenant betwixt them ade, and may ever remain in pe> feet lovo and peace together, and live according to hy laws, through Jesus Christ our Lord, men. Then Bishop Montgomery, moving to e e side chapel and standing a t tee Holy able, delivered the following i Almighty God in Whose honor we’ Thine unworthy servantB, invoking Tliy name, do eonsecrate thisalter; mercifully and graciously hearken to our bumble petitions, mess, hallow, and eanotify i a t onr hands, and ^rant th&t; the offerings on this table may oo acceptable and ploasing unto Thee, and be ever bedewed with the grace of xby Holy Spirit, th a t’as Tliy secraots make their prayers to Thee in this place Thou inflyest alway relievo tboir distress, heal their sicknesses, hearken. to, their entreaties, accept their tows, confirm their desires, and grant their petitions. Through Jesue Christ our Lord. Amen. Grant, we beseech Thee, O Lord, that whosoever shall draw near unto Thee in tbis chapel, which here we dedicate and consecrate to Thee, to give Thee thanks for tho benefits received at Thy Hands, to set forth Thy most worthy liaise, to hear Thy most Holy Word, to confess their Bins unto Thee, and to entreat Thy pardon, or to ask such things aa are requisite and necessary as well for th e body as tbe soul, may do it with th a t steadfastness of faith, thatBerlousneaB.attcnUon, and devout affection, that Thou mayest hear from Heaven Thy dwelling-place, and give whatever in Thine infinite wisdom and goodness Thou shalt see most expedient for them; and this we beg for Joans Ghriefe sake, our Blessed Lord and Saviour. Amen. After this the Dedication was pronounced as under:—Forasmuch as Almighty God accepted the purpose of His servants David and Solomon to build His temple at Jerusalem, nnd nothing doubting but that He favorably altoweth tbis charitable work of oars in having built this chapel which we now set apart to His glory: We, therefore, on behalf of His Church and people, dedicate tbis chapel to hear henceforth the name of the Nixon Chapel. To the honor and glory of the Holy and Eternal Trinity, tb e Father, tbe Son' and the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then returning to th e Sanctuary, the Dean read the 10th verse from L Corinthians, x.. Bishop Montgomery saying the following prayer: Grant, O Lord, that whosoever snail receive in thiB Sanctuary the Blessed Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ Thy 6on, may so draw near, that, benediction, they may to tboir great i endless comfort obtain remission of their sins, and all other benefits of HiB Passion. Amen. The Primate (the Right Rev. William Saumarez Smith) said : O God, Who unto every age givcst knowledge of Thyself: we yield Thee hearty thanks for many holy men, who laid of old among onr fathers the Foundation of Jeens Christ; we praise Thee lor this House of Tby doctrine and s’rrice which Toou. Lord, only, by tee prayors and hands of Thy servants, host raised high in so fair sanctity; humbly beseeching Thee to build and bind Tby people, one and all, into one spiritual fitly framed temple, wherein shall bo no walls of partition; and glorifying Thee for the glorious hope of this day and honr, and what now is hallowed In dedication may be evermoro filled with the glory of Thy indwelling. Therefore )>e Thou magnified, O Lord, in Thy holy places, and manifest Thyself in the sanctuary which we have builded, bo that Thou who workest all Thy will in the sons of Thy adoption, mayest continually he praised in the joyof Thy heritage; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Boly Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. Then Bishop Montgomery, turning and looking to tho westward, said: Behold the ladder set up on tho earth, and tbe top of it reaching bo heaven : And, behold, the the angels of God ascending and descending on it. And, behold, th e Lord stood above it, and said, I am the Lord God of Abraham thy fathor, and the God of Isaac. After which, holding iu his left hand the Pastoral Staff, standing in the midst and facing tho people, be declared the chancel consecrated in the following words: I declare tbis chancel of tbe Cathedral Church of St. David in Hobart to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then Bishop Montgomery seated in his chair directed the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr Justice Adams) to read publicly the sentence of consecration. Following this the Bishop signed the Instrument of Consecration, which was laid up in the Registry among the muniments of the See and duly registered. Tbe following sentence of consecration was rend by the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr Justice Adams) :—“ Sentence.—In the name of God, Amen. Whereas we have lately received the petition of the Rev. Charles Leslie Dundas, Dean and Incumbent of tbe Cathedral and Parish of St. David, in the Archdeaconary of Hobart, within our dioceso aud jurisdiction, and of several residents and inhabitants in and about the same place, whose names and signatures aro thereunto subscribed humbly praying that we may be pleased by virtue of our pastoral and episcopal office to consecrate the new chancel of the Cathedral Church of St David, Hobart, together with the eide chapel: And whereas we have taken tho said potation into our most eeiious consideration, for haring regard to the allegations and undertakings therein contained have thought fit to comply with the prayer thereof: We, Honry Hutchinson, by Divine permission, Bishop of Tasmania, do therefore by virtue of our ordinary and episcopal authority now separate and sot apart tho said place, edifice, or structure from all profane and common uses, and do hereby dedicate the said side chapel as the Nixon Chapel in grateful memoty of tbe first bishop of this diocese, and the benefits he conferred upon tho church in this land, and do consecrate tho same for thecelehration of Divine Worship, th e reading of common prayer, according to the form prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer, made and published by th e authority of the Imperial P&rli-mont;, and the canons and constitutions in th a t behalf lawfully established; thereading,preaching,and exponding the word of God, tbe Administration of the Holy Sacraments of Baptism, and the Lord's Supper, Publication of Banna of Marriage, tho Solemnisation of Matrimony, and the performance therein of all other ecclesiastical duties whatsoever, according to and in conformity with, and not repugnant to the rubric and articles, doctrine and worship, discipline and governmentof the Church of England, and for no other use or purpose whatever, and we do openly promise and declare th at i t shall so continue for over hereafter separated, dedicated, and consecrated by this our definite sentence, our final decree, which we make and pronounce in these writings, saving and reserving to us and our ancestors. Bishops of 'LAsmania, all ordinary and episcopal jurisdiction, rights, and privileges. In testimony whereof we cause our episcopal Seal to be hereunto affixed. Dated this 18th day of January, ia the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (81gned) H. H., Tasmania. Hymn No. 2 was then sung, commencing, "H oly, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty.” After this followed the Order of the Holy Communion, with th e collect commencing “ O Most Glorious Lord God we acknowledge,” etc. The epistle from Revelations, chapter 21, verse 22, commencing " A&l; I saw no Temple therein,” etc., and the Gospel from St. John, chapter 2, verse 13,commencing "A nd the Jews possover was at hand,” etc., was read by teo UiBhf'P of Dunedin. Then was stmg th e Nicene Creed, and notice given of th e celebration of tbe Holy Communion and other services during tho octave. The sermon was preaohed by the Bishop of Rockhampton, who took for his text, Jeremiah xvii., 12, "A glorious high throne from the beginning ia the place of onreauotu&ry;” He Baid th at te e words of the text, taken in connection with the passage of w hite they formed part, read sudden ejaculation nlng fresh and fervid from the heart ot the writer. So tb&t; day’s festival a sort of parenthesis in the history of the Cathedral and Diocese—a break in the common round of service and-sacrament and song, which for many years had hallowed those precincts, and they did well to acknowledge the goodLness of God, who had enabled them to complote His sanctuary. The glorious throne of which the met spoke was th e presence-chamhf God, and when in te e mystery of the incarnation God lowered the heavenB and came down to reason 'wi&Mjat;©!' _____ _ ^ ^ tte ^ » ^ S b } e " stoall-a.B ;£n toeylum o t jaercj, ahome -of grace/'ia*! the ^'.place; m ttour Sanctuary/’ F o r ib e word sanctuary ^meantjnot only holy -plaoe h u t A place oT ^ n r t t y fof thoB<‘ ifeeiDg ‘frpin ja8tSce, as theyjjppero still ^remimied by {heR raad ! Sanctuary a t Wastmfnstoi, In both senses Theword woa.fragraDt with sacrod aftan i>^,*nd its twofold mgnification shed light iipon all the teaching of the Chrielianyear. 'T his -thought was .elaborated by the preacher and applied to the Holy Nativity .at! Bethlehem .and the world-redeeming tragedy of Calvary ;. of both the cradleand th e cross I tw a s truo that the throne of God was **, the place of our sanctuary,” And after Christ's work 011 earth was ascomplished and He again mounted Hie Heavenly Throne, He left'n o t Hie people orphans or houseless, — He gave them ''another comforter” and a splen id home in the Church He fonuded, and this home was " th e place of their sanctuary.” And as the Christian Church trow, and like some stately tree gradually overshadowed the earth, a t length the people ,o£ Britain were converted to Christ, they In turn had handed on to other lands the message of the GoBpel, * hicb, keeping pace w ith the expansion of the Anglo-Saxon race, had reached the shores of Australasia. And so by a happy hut undesigned coincidence, they were privileged to meet th at day upon th e 58th anniversary of the' constitution of the first Bishopric of Australia, as representatives of the ancient Church of their fathers and as living witnesses to the fulfilment of ancient prophecy. They were there th at day to - take part in th e consecration of the sanctuary or holy place of that Cathedral. 'What did th a t building mean to them P Was i t merely a beautiful work of a rt? If so, i t was b ut a beautiful toy end. a coBtly sham ! No, it was also a work of grace; the material fabric wis a n . outward and visible .sign -of -inward- and; spiritual grace. W hat met the eye was: but common m atter, local and perishable,1 but the inner reality, “ the thing sign!- fled ” was a corporate supernatural life associated with all th e hallowed traditions of centuries, and ranging on it the ages o f: eternity. Tor them hy symbol was set forth, and by various ministers of grace; was applied the redemptive work of Christ. But to most of them, the chancel and sanctuary now added -would be specially sacred as the spot where they gathered in obedience to their Lord's command,: " to sh w forth His death,” and to receive the Bread of Life, Some might prefer the quiet simple early service, but they must not asperse the motives of others, who derived spiritual help from the musical and revorentaccessionsof worship. Thepreacher proceeded to refer to the ancient custom of the " bidding prayer ” before tho sermon, and quoted passages from an old form found in the “ Apostolical Constitutions ” to remind them th a t many removed by distance or death were yet with them in spirit th at day. Reference was made to the first Bishop of the diocese, and to two former occupants of the See now in England •, also to the 10 years' devoted service of a late Dean (Rev. M r Bromby); to alLwho had in the past helped to build up the Church on Tasmanian soil, and had borne so much of the burden and heat of th ed ay ; to all who had helped towards the completion of th at sanctuary; to the Building Committee, the architects, and artificers, and not least to the children, from whose loving ministry so much aid had been derived. For all these he claimed their intercession and grateful commendation a t the “ Throne of God ” in *' the place of onr sanctuary.” The sermon concluded with a strong plea for unity, of which the Cathedral furnished a fitting parable—s unity that consisted of harmony not uniformity, of substantial unity amid circumstantial variety. There was in the truth as well as in the love of God, “ a length and breadth, and depth and height,” that demanded all the varied gifts of various schools of thought to investigate and pound. The union of Christendom one of the certainties of faith (0 be brought about in God’s good time by tho unifying grace of the Saviour’s prayer ana in fulfilment of ancient prophecy. A united Christendom would soon mean a converted world, and then with a full wealth of meaning such as Iheir faith was not yet ripe 01 robust enough to grasp, " th e glorious high throne of God " would be " the placoof onr sanctuary.” At the conclusion of the sermon Bishop Montgomery began the offertory, *.nd while the donations of the people were being gathered the choir sang hymn No. 3, commencing ” Blessed City, Heavenly Salem,” the solo part being token by Mcs W, Lovett. When the alms were offered Bishop Montgomery placed upon the Holy Table the record of gifts presented, the congregation rising to the strains of the organ. After this was sung the 14-th verse from 1st Chronicles, chapter 20, by Mr Frank Bowden, Bishop Montgomery saying: Grant, 0 Lord, th a t all these gifts may by tbis our ministry be consecrated to Thy service, and for ever set apart from all common and profane uses Amen. Grant that whatsoever alms and oblations Bhall hero be laid before Thy Divine Majesty, may come up as a memorial before Thee ; and th a t they who offer to Thee may feel and know th at with such sacrifices Thou art well pleased. Amen. He then placed upon the Holy Table the bread and wine, the communion being administered by Bishop Montgomery and the Bishop of Dunedin to the bishops present, the Bishop of Dunedin being the first to receive the communion ; then Bishop Montgomery, the Primate of Australia, the Bishop of Melbourne, and the Bishop of Ballarat administered to the clergy and laity, a large number presenting themselves for the sacred rite. The Primate of Australis then pronounced the Blessing, after which was Bong hymn No. 4, commencing, "Now thank we all our God "after which the pro cession of bishops and clergy left the Church, and the Processional Hymn No. 5, commencing, “ Hark, the sound of holy voices,” was sung, which concluded the morning's ceremonies. 