EVERY INCH A SOLDIER. : BV JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Author or "Bootles'.-Babv," "Beautiful , Jur," "Armv Sooim," "Garrison Gos-i kip," "Thr Soul or the Bishop," Ac. . All Riouts Reserved. , Chapter XXXIII. — An Alternative. : All thought anil feeling and desire, I said, : Rove, laughter and the exultant joy of song, 1 Havo ebbed from ine for ever! i — lonoi'ellow. : For Jill tho play had no further interest.-, She watched the: little figure in ,the smarts French oap and apron wlicneyer.it was on the, stage, and qs soon - as tho aot was over she bor rowed n pencil; from Mr. Desmond, who also supplied hor with half 'a sheet of notepaper torn off a letter, which ho happened to have la his pocket. On this sho wrote a brief noto. .".Dear Katoy," sbo said, " I kaow that you are' Suzanne. You ban't hide yoursolf from me any longer. Is it possible that I oan eomo round and see you in your dressing room ? Your friend, Jill." She twisted the paper into a three cornered; note, and Mr. Desmond promised to seo it tokon round behind the scenes. Naturally, she had addressed it'to " Miss Vincent," and when pre sently the attendant eamo baok saying that- there was no, lady in tho company of that name, she bethought her to look on tho programme, and soe under what name the. part of Suzanne was played. " Miss Yore Hopo," sho read, so, deoply scored out the name of Yinoent, and wrote bolow it " To Miss Vore Hopo," and gave, it back to tho attendant, who promised to seo it delivered immodiatoly. In about a quarter of; an hour he roturued, bringing a similar missive' to. the ono with whioh alio had first entrusted, liim. "My dear Jill," qhe said, "since you havo found me ofit, it is no uso my denying my- solf any longer toyouft We arenotallowod to have visitors behind, but! if you will eomo and see mo to-morrow afternoon about half-paat 3 or - 4\. o'olock, at No.. 10 Cronstadt-road,- Ham mersmith, I will bo!tlicrc. I trust to your honor hot to give my address to any living soul." "Ono moment," said! Jill, to tho attendant.. "Lend mo the peiioil again, Mr. Desmond, will you ?" She tore. Katey's noto in two, retaining the half. tbat wae written upon, and upon tho other, sho wrote, " I will be there. You may trust to my, discretion. Your friend, Jill." " Give tliat to Miss Hopo, please," she said. . " Is it ICatcy ?" asked Miss Jack. !," Yes, and I am going to seeker to-morrow, but she asks me' not to speak of it toa living soul, so, of oeurso, I, won t until I have aeon her." Tlio following afternoon Jill got into a eab and drovo down to Cronstadt-road. It was a mall, quiet, suburban looking road, with a row of straggling and as yet loaflesa trees decorating it on oaok sideof 'tlie pavomcut. The bouses were small and hod bow windows and porohes; they also mostly had art muBlin window blinds, as you soe in suburban roads. Some of them wore tied up with hows, others had plush straps worked with sunflowors, somo had. plain white muslin eurtains that mado the windows look like blind eyes, and No. 10 Jill found to be dcokeil in yellow muslin— the twopence ha'penny a yard kind, made with as many frills as a debu tante's petticoats. ' Jill got down and paid tho oabman. "Shall you be going baok again, lady?" he asked, for oslimen appreaiato single ladies who pay them, something ovor their legitimate fare. . "Yea, I shall be going baok by-and-by, but I can't say liow long I shall be.". ' "Well,- miss, it's-a long way down from Queen's Gate, and my 'orse will be glad of a rest, so if you have ho objections, I will wait for you, or I will oome baok in an hour, which you llko." ft "AVell, oomo back in an honr," said Jill. "Tbat will do vory well for roe." . Miss Hope at homo ?" slie asked of the dingy little maid who opened the door .about two inohes, and peered at her euriouely from that coign of vantage.'. -The 'little maid set tlio door open sufficiently wide for tho young lady to pass " this w'y,". then opened the door of the front sittingroom, and Hung it open with a jerk; "Miss 'Opo'a ill thore," she remarked, quite affably. Whereat Jilt walked in, and tlio little maid shut the door behind her. i . Kotoy was standing on the hearth rng, ae If half hesitating whether to rush to meot her friend or not. Jill was very mattsr of faot. alio caught the girl by both hands, and kissod tier first on one olieek and then on' the other, -in tlio mode whioh ie most prevalent just now in London. ; " My dear Katey," ehe said, " I oould. scaroely bsliovo my eyes, when I saw you last night in your oap and apron.- Now I want to know what you mean by keeping u« ail at bay in this hooking manneV.ft I oohsider you have behaved disgracefully. ' Yes, I'- 'do, - really, simply diigraoofuliy," and my . opinion is that you ought to have something very dreadful done to you by way pf punishing you for It. Why do you do It?" -ft - : -.. ; : ft . : "Woll," said Katoy, keeping a fast hold Of Jill's hands, " I thought it was better. You know somo people 'have a horror of the stage— , most people have— and I felt that I had mado 'a new atart, and that tho less I had to do with any of those I had known in the old days the better." "Ob, stuff and nonsense 1" said Jill, disdain' fully. " Well, my dear, I mu»t congratulate you on having made audi a plucky etnnd at earning your own living. Of course, you know in our set ono thinka fifty times an muoh of a girl who' dost that aa of suoli useless, idle beinge as Jack and myself, who simply live on what our mother earns. But I cannot congratulate you on your looks, my dear. You are looking very bad. I don't think theatre work agrees with you, young woman." "Oh, yes," aaid Katey, " I am just a little exoitod at seeing you, and a bit knocked up be cause I didnot have a very good night." "You don't deserve to have a good night 1 You don't desorvo to havo anything but the most extreme ill luck, and everything disagreeable and horrid. But why need we stand hero? Are you not' going to ask me to sit down?" "No," said Katey, "I am not going to nsk you to sit down. You can sit down if you want to. Don't bo silly, Jill." ."I will not bo silly," said Jill, drawing her down on the narrow little sofa. "lVell, so you are here living in diggings by yourself. Are you very dull?" "Oh, very dull, sometimes," cried Katey, her lips quivering a little. "I should think so. Of oourse, It must bo very nioe going on the stage and all that, but it must be pretty dull living down here, Katey; and when you tliihk of the kind of life you oould have, you know, it seems so silly, so Quixotic. " " What kind of life ? Living with my people in the same house as John Sylvester ? My dear Jill, I assure you I would rather die at once than go back again 1 If it was for me this moment to msko a choice between going back to Danford and dying, I would say dying without hesita tion." "Yes, I can quits believe that. Anybody could believe that who had once seen tho uncle \- and sunt in all the pride of their prim respecta bility, to say nothing of cousin John in all the horror of his adolescent caprices. I saw your cousin John several times while the trial was going on. He is a dreadful person, Katey ! ' I don't wonder that yon would rather die than go baok within a mile of him, but then nobody wants you to go back They don't want you to go back — I suppose he does, or thinks he does, but, of oourse, his wishes go for vory .little— but, of course, your own people don't care twopence farthing what becomes of you. Of course, everybody thinka they showed up very badly st the trial in a certain sense, but you know, dear, that is not tho question." "There is no other question," said Katey, in a dull, chilled voice. "Ob, yes, there is," said Jill, coolly, "there is the question of poor Jcrvia. You know you ere behaving very badly to liim, Katey." . " I don't think so," said Katey. "Well, but you are." "I think I am the best judge of that, Jill. I don't went to offend you, dear. I know it is vory kind of you to wish to do everything to make me happier, but it is no use discussing that sub- J'oct, because I have quite made up my mind that ic and I are hotter apart." . "I don't believe," said Jill, looking at her aa she would look at some curious specimen of humanity, "that you ever oared twoponco ha'penny about Philip Jervis 1" "There is not muoh doubt that Philip Jervis never oared very much about me." " Oh, Katey, how can you say bo 1" Jill burst out. "Ah, well, you and I have seon him under totally different circumstances. You have seen him in society, as I used to sec him ; you have never seen him as I did — quite alone, with no world looking on, literally from heart to heart. If you had ever done that, my dear, you would think differently of him now. When you aro young and trustful and believing, and you give si man your whole heart's affection, you aoaspt his word as his bond, and you cast your whole life at his mercy, and you feel all manner of beautiful and chivalrous ideas. But when you haivo bad your love and your trust rejected — re jected plainly, and in the most unmistakable terms— when you have had your vary heart not only scorned but thrust baok upon you as an un wanted and worthless gift, believe me, your ideas of chivalry and romance undergo a radical change. I havo been through that experienco, and my ideas have undergone that ahange. You eome to me frosli from your easy life, with yolir heart and head full of romance, and you think I ought to forget all that I suffered, and to simply jump at the ohnnos Mr. Jervis offers of being on the same terms with him that I was before. I refuse to do it, I was girl up to the night of the Uth of Novomhor — I shrill never be a girl again," with pathotio bitterness. "But he has written to you. He hss ex pressed liis sorrow for what passed that night. He was thinking only of you." "Mr. Jervis has never asked mo to marry him," said Katey, indignantly. " But lie wrote to you," "Yes, he wrote to mo. He said he wanted to see me, ho wanted to be friends with me. If I had known at first that' ho only wantod to bo friends, that he only wanted to bo an 'terms witli me, do you think that I would have loft my home, have ruined my life— for bad as it was, I did ruin it— that I would hove exposed myself to tho sbamo and ignominy of standing up publicly as I 'did in order to save his life? Oh, you ean't look at it with my eycB, you can't feet with my heart ! You don't understand, Jill, you don't understand." " But he wrote to yon," said Jill. "You ean see the letter if you like," said Katoy, "I will eliow it toyou." "Yes, I would liko to see that letter if you don't mind showing it to me, because, my dear, it Isn't that I want to pry into your aifairs — why should I ? Did I over want to do so ? Oould I liavo any interest but your own? No, a thou, sarid times' no I— but I am convinced that this man simply worships the very ground upon which you tread. My drar, ho went out of his prison to look his last upon that poor dead soul whom he bolioved to he you, and I hardly like to tell you, but I heard it afterwards from ono of tlioso who was thero, that he wept ovor you. The others wouldn't look at him, and lie went and prayed, Oh, Katoy, you are too hard 1 You arc too hard !" "I don't think so," said Katoy. "Why should I bo hard to myself if I had no renson? If I believed that he really cared why should I hut myself out of hoaven 1 You are not rea sonable, Jill. It is because I know that he doesn't care. I daresay he was sorry enough at my death — any man who had known me would have boon sorry, believing that I had been done to doath sa that poor girl was— there is no credit to. him for that! And any man, who was a man of honor, would offer to marry a girl who saved bis life. "Katoy, you ought to he slapped! On my word you ought |" Katey turned and looked at her. "I don't < think," she said, shaking her head slowly, " that slapping would help me. Bat you wanted to see his letter. Well, here it is. If you will , read that you. will sec it is the lotter of a men who Is very sorry for what lias happened, who ' would make what restitution ho could, but who euros— no move than I for this table." "I don't see, "-said Jill, holding tho lotter iti her hand without looking at it, " that you need > have denied him the interview, that he asked ' jroii.. Ho told me that he had asked you to see liim, if only once. He would have asked you to jnarry lilm in that interview. Many men object to writing at suoh times, and I believe ho is one of them. After all, one interview is worth a dozen of letters." "And on the night of tho 11th of November," said Katey, " ho told mo that if Iliad written all would have been well, that one letter was worth a dozen interviews." "Ob, my dear, you are too hard I He was angry, flurried, alarmed far you, thinking only of you. He said many things that he didn't mean, many tilings that were only meant to steel himself agsinst-you." "I can't see it," said Katey. "Read the letter." And Jill did read the lotter, read it with care, once, twice, even three times. "Katey," she said, at lest, "I am sure that yon are absolutely wrong in all yonr thoughts and ideas about Mr. Jervis. It can do you no harm to see him oncc. If he only wants to be friends with you and to mako a certain roturn for what has gone past, that interview can do you no harm. To my miud, this letter is the letter of a gentleman who is also a man, of a man who is also a gentle man. I think that you aro wrecking your life's happiness by a mistaken feeling of pride or some folly of that kind. My dear, don't do It. " "I would rather not see him," said Katey. ." I don't ever want to see him again." " Ob, yes, you do." said Jill, taking the girl's hand and holding It feat. in her own. "You know that you are just, hungering to see him. I believe that -you have steeled yourself into this foolish position of independence, because anything that you persist. in when there is no reason for it is always foolish, and that you are positively afraid that if you once see him your barriers will he broken down, that that wall of reserve and silence wliiok you havo built up around yourself will stand no longer." "You don't understand," said Katoy, "how muoh I have suffered." " No," Bald Jill, " I don't; and I don't think you understand that if you have suffered, he has suffered to; and through you. You don't suffer through him, beosuse>ho Dover asked you to take that step— you took it of .your owii initiative entirely— and you would blame him for an sat of folly which wasyoursandyoursoniy, but ho has suffered entirely through and.bccauso of you. My dear, if you had not happened to hear of tho trial that morning, Philip Jervis would probably have died a death of shame this very day. It-.was by the merest chauco that you were able to save his life. You are not doing right by him, you know it, your koart tells you so." "Then," said Katey, "I prefer to da wrong. It seems to me," she said, turning and looking at Jill searehingly, "that you aro deeply in terested in Mr. Jervis's affaire. Why, since you think bim eo ill used, and me so bad, so un generous, so everything that is to be ashamed of, do you not take pity on him yourself ?" ' Jill got up immediately. "Katoy," Bhe said, "you are beside yourself. You havo no right to eay suoh a thing as that to me, because I only oame hero in your Interests and with your good at heart. I am deeply interested in this man and very deeply interested in you also. If lis oared for me, I should count myself a vory happy girl to-day— a very happy girl ; but it is seldom those who would go through fire end water, through lifo and death, for a man they love who win the love of such a man es he is. I don't know by what strange freak of naturo it is, but nearly always the man that one could love, that ono could honor and admire and look up to, the man who is strong and true, throws bis love away upon a shiftless girl who, ns a rule, isn't worth it. I don't say this of you, Katey, but if the cap fits I don't in the least mind your putting it on. l am going now. I havo done my best, out of the most generous friendship for you both. You havo his letter, and I see that it tolls -you where to write to him ; now I give you fair warning that if you hare not given Mr. Jervis that interview before this day week I will Bet John Sylvester on you." " What !" cried Katey. " Yes, if you havo not seen Mr. Jervis within a week from to-day I will write to John Syl vester, and I will give him your name and your address." "You would break my confidence," said Katoy. "No," said Jill, "there would be no broken oonfidsnoe. I learnt .your theatrical name and your theatrical address' without any promise, and without your will, I learnt it by an accident, and I don't feel myself bound to keep silence. I don't know whotkor you have driven that un fortunate wreteb at Danford out of hist small Bomblanceof a mind; I don't know, but I'm beginning to have my doubts about it. So now, I am going. I don't think that you have rewarded mo very kindly for the trouble I have taken in coming down here to see you, hut as surs as I am standing here, Katey, that is what I shall do, sa I warn you. And now, good bye." Chapter XXXIV.— The Strong Right Ami. The golden age is before us. not behind us. St. Simon. When Jill Atkinson had fairly gone, and Katey realised tbat the interview was aver, sho sank down upon the little sofa and hid her face against the cushions. She did not sob or cry her heart oat, or do anything of that kind ; ho, she just laid there, with her brain in a whirl, her heart boating hard, and her firm resolution wavering until it was on the point of giving way altogether. And after a long timo site sat up, brushed tho heavy hair off her tomples, and tried to realise all that had happened. What had aho said to Jill to make her thraaten such a liorrikla thing as that she would give John Sylvester tho eluc to her whereabouts ? She went over the whole interview, over it again and again and again, how Jill hnd said aiie ought to be slapped— well, she supposed that was quite true, indeed, silo knew that it was quite true— and tiien Jill had got angry with her. What had sho said to make her so angry ? Try as sho oould sho could not remomber, only that Jill hnd said she would 1st John Sylvoster know where ho might find her— she would 1st John Sylvester know whore he might find her 1 She wondered in a dull kind of way whether Jill was a little In love with Phil Jervis herself. Ah, that was what had made her so angry! Well, she supposed that sho ought not to have said that, and tbat Jill had every tight to be angry, but he bad do right to betray her confidence, and yet, thero hail boon no confidence exoept in so far as her address in Oronstadt-road. was con cerned. Her oyes presently fell upon Jervis's letter, wkieh Jill had Inld upon the table after she baa read it, and by what aurlaus train of thought I cannot tell yon, but tho eight of that lotter har dened Katey'a heart, and as she put it back in the envelope and looked it away in her desk, she resolutely mado up her mind that sho would keep to lier word, that sho would not sco him, that she would not forget or overlook the past. Jill' might do her worst, hut Katey made up litr mind that sho would bo firm. So the day went over— and the next— and the next, until tho evening of tho sixth day had oomo, when she re ceived a lettor from Jill, a oharaoteristio letter enough. "My dear Katoy," she said, "I am still frightfully angry with you, and shall he for a long time, but it is no usa going on liko this, and confidence or no confidence, I have told Mr. Jervis that I havo seen you, and where he will find you. Ha'also is beginning to feel some of your prido, and lie hesitates to .forao himself upoh you against your will. So I leavo .it for you two to decide , for yourselves,' and will not let John Sylvester know your whereabouts just yot. I daresay this will make you very angry, but I cannot help that. You must ho vexed or not, just as you please. Your friend, Jill By another post sho roooived another lettor from Jervis. "Miss Atkinson," ho said, ' has been good enough to tell me that sho lias been to see you, and has given me your address. I otn only roitorate what I said to you in my last latter. My dear child, if at any timo you want me, you need only write to my club or to my regiment, you will always know whsro to find me. Tho rest I leave to yourself. Yours as always, Phil." And Kateyfs heart was hardened yet further, until she would have been a very fitting and suitable consort for that exceeding tirosomo gentleman, King Pharaoh. She received it, and alio locked it away with the other, not having the smallest intontion of over replying to cither. And so several doys went by, days that woro weary and unhappy, evenings whose work was becoming stalo and unprofitable, nights when sleep refusod to he friends with her let her be as seductive as she would — very unhappy days. Thoy got ovor somehow, and Katey grew paler and more dcjeotcd. She ate less and less, and sat during all her sparo hours crouched among the cushions of tho old sofa, hugging tho pride wkiok had made her so wretched. And then there eatne an evening when, turning her head, she caught sight of a pair of cyan ill the front row of tho stalls, a pair of eyes that she knew, a pair of eyes that sho dreaded, a face whioh was utterly repulsive to her ; lips that she would have died rather than touch with her own ; and her heart seemed to stand still in her broast, while with wild dismay there shot through liar brain the words, "Jill has told him ! Jill lias told him !" She didn't know how slio got through the rest of the play, hut there John Sylvester sat, glar ing at hor furiously, following hor every move ment with the eye of a hawk and the stealth of a cat, and timo aftor time liar oyes crept round to his as tho neodle creeps towards tho magnet. Oh, what a night it was! She literally stag gered into the arms of the clever sotor who was playiug tho lead when she made one of her exits and ran up against the wing breathless and panting. ".What is tlia matter, Miss Vere?" he asked. " Don't you feci well ?" "Oh, no!" "Can I got you anything? Shall I send for some water for you?" "No. You aro very good. It is nothing." " Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost." " " I have seen worse than a ghost," said Katey. " Somebody In front ?" "Yes." " What sort of a somebody ? A man ?" " "Yes," said Katey, shuddering. "Ob, well, you know, he ean't come round here." "No, but he is — I am afraid of him." She looked up pitoously at the tall aotor who, with the Kindly familiarity of his profession, patted her on the elbow and reminded her that strangers oould never coino behind, that she had only to get into a cab to be safely out of the road. "You ere sure you are all right," lia said, hurriedly, "because I am on iu another instant." Then turned from her and passed on tho stage. Katey had not to chango her dress, but it was the invariable custom of all to go hack to their dressing rooms, and just touch up themselves a little so as to keep fresh end trim to tho end of tlia performance. Katey wont to iter room, whioh she shared with another girl, quite mscbanieally, and walked straight to the large looking glass. Her heart wna still beating painfully, and her death like pallor was visible even under her rouge and powder. She hnd only one hope, that he might not know the locality of tho stags door ; that she might, lis he was froe a little before the picoe was at nn lid, change quiekly and slip away before he oould catah her. Then she had to go back on to the stage again, to move and speak and play her unimportant part through the changeless glare of those terrible eyes. If John Sylvester had suddenly levelled a revolver at her she would not have been the least surprised, far from it, in faot ; but.be did nothing of that kind, as a matter of fact, he had eome up to town with the reBtiessneBsof a disappointed heart, and had dropped into the Cornhill Theatre and bad taken the only vacant scat in the house by pure accident. He had recognised Katey just se Jill and Miss Jack had done, and so engrossed was ho with the dainty little figure in cap and apron flitting hither and thither an the singe that he never gave a thought to the rest of the great audienae, never realised that Jorvis was sitting just behind him, that Jervis had seon his start of recognition, and was watobing him as closely as ho was watobing Katey. He was not conscious that ' wlion lis had realised that Katey's part in the play woe over— upon whioh he immediately got up and went out of the theatre— that any ons was followiug liim ; but Jervis, who had no opinion of John Sylvester's notion of chivalry, was determined at all risks tokeopan eye an bim; so be tamed up the collar of his Invsrncss and pulled his hat low down ovor his eyebrows, and quietly shadowed him until ho had left the theatre. llo was near enough to overhear him asking whore the stage- door was to be found, and to keep him in sight while he prowled up and down tho dark narrow streot upon whioh it opened. It iB a good way round from tho front of the Cornhill Theatre to the stage door, whioh goes up a small and very quiet street, little more than a lano. Jervis kept in the shadow of adobrway and watched John Sylvester anxiously prowling up and down. What a long time it seemed, and tho night was so dark. You oould hear footsteps at the otlior end of the quiet street, and when at last she came, be could plainly from his place of shcltet hear John SylveBter say " Havo I found you at last ? Is it you, Katey ?" They were not tlieu indeed more than a oouplo of Iioiibcb from liim, but he saw Katey shrink up against the wall and heard hor say, "Who told you whero I was? I have nothing to soy to you. Don't attempt to inter fere with me." "To Interfere with yon," Sylvester repeated, " I— I. who have sought yon day and night, who have mourned you, loved you 1 And this 1b all you have to say to me. You shall hear me. I swear to yon that you shall love mc." "Never !" flashed out at hltn. "Yes I I say yes, Katey," in a softer voioa, "has my love, my faithfulness won nothing from you?" B "No thing, "she cried, "I loathe you. Your lovb is an insult, your faithfulness is an im pudence, I will have nono of you— none of you." " And that other one-: — " lie began. "No, you havo nothing to do with that other one. He iB nothing to you nor to me. If he wore anything to me it would be no business of yours, but I will not have his nomo brought into this disoussion. I' would never have looked at you under any olrcumBtahoes, you have made mo hato you too thoroughly. Why need you force mo to iell you all this once more? I have said it to you over and ovor again, it is por- fcotly useless for you to waste another moment on me." "But I awenr I will," lie rojoined. "I have sworn that my wife you shall bo and I mean to koopmyword. Katey, don't tempt mo any further, don't try me too muoh. Take me, and I shall be ss clay in your hands— as wax ; spurn mc, and I may bocome even your — murderer !" He ndvanced a step or two towards her, and Katey made a rush to gain tho busier end of the street. Just at tho doorway, however, Sylvester caught lier, and in his huge grasp she was ds powerless as a kitten in the mouth of a bull- dog. "No, no, don't do it 1" sho eried in tones of horror, which would have put perhaps any other man in tho world completely out of conceit with hor. " If you daro to kiss me I will kill my self !" But John Sylvestor was gono beyond daring. He cnciroled tier with ono arm, and with his freo hand forced lier face upwards towards his own, and then — something happened, for a hand closed like a vico of iron upon the back of his neck, and the next moment lie found himself flung violently into the gutter. "Lie there, you coward !" said a voice that lie knew but too well. "You pestilential hound! Keep your loathly kissos for women that want them. Mire Vincent, let mo seo you safe out of the reach of this amiable rolntivo of yours. Fray don't tremblo so ; really, ho isn't worth it, I happened to be in the theatre, and I saw him recognise you. I knew he would try to catoh you here, and bo I followed him, fooling that you would he none tho worse for my presence. I know your address ; you are muoh too unnerved to go homo by train, do lot me drive you homo. You seo I havo not foroed myself upon you, and if you will lot me seo you safo into your own house I promise you I will not even speak to you on tho way." Now ICatey, as a matter of faot, was trombling so violently that argument and evon tho legiti mate use of hsr legs wero both aliko out of tho quostion. She clung to him with both hands, hor teeth ohattering with fear, lier legs shaking under her, lier hands trembling and her eyes almost starting from her head with fright. " Oil, take me home," she whispered, between ohattering teeth, "take me hoine. I am so frightened,'.' . So Jervis supported her to the oorner of the Btreot and eharterad the smartest looking oab that lie could soe, helped hor in and got in aftor hor. "Would you like the glass down?" he asked. "No," sho ropliod, still breathless with the exoitcment through whioh she had just gone. Apparently she was minded to keep him to his word, for she sat baok in her corner, not speaking, not moving, oxcopt tho trembling of her limbs. And Jorvis sat in his, soldierly, upright, calm, to all outward appearance, that is, nor did he once open his lips until they were passing Knightsbridge Barraoks. " Are you aold ? Are you euro you wouldn't like the window down ?" he uskod, as be might have asked his maidon aunt, or tho daughter of his Colonel, or anybody with whom he was on polite but distent terms. "Justus you like," she replied. "I am not at all oold." " You are of course thoroughly upset and frightened, but I am only anxious that you should not take eold. Wo have a long way yet to go, yon know." " I liko it up," site replied. Then they relapsed into Bilcnce onoe more, until they hnd got a little way beyond High- street station. She looked at him onco or twice, at first furtively, then with an imploiing expres sion whioh, as he was looking straight ahead, lis did not see. Ouoo she half put out hur baud, and then she said, in a very meek voice, " I sm really very much obliged to you." "Not at all," said ho politely. "I am only too glad that I was ablo to be. of any uso to you. That fellow is really quito a dangerous sort of person. I think ho ought to be put In a lunatio asylum myself. I am afraid it will bo rather annoying for you if he chanoes to wait on other nights. Of oourse, it was luoky that I happened to bo there, but I havo only three days' mora leave; and really, I think it would ho best if you wero to speak to the polioo about " Yes," she replied. And thon she rolapsed into silence again. On tliey went, down the brond Hammersmith- road, past the great gilded gates at Holland Park; on between the twinkling rows of lights, still in that polite and dreadful silence. At last Kntey could stand it no longer. " Phil," she said, in a very small voice, "aren't you oven going to speak to mo ?" Well, neud I write any further? I don't think so. That one little simple question, askod in that tone of pathetia minory, was quite enough for a man like Jervis. He no longer leant his arms upon tiie door of the oab, staring out into the gBBlit night, oh, no, for in a moment all the past -was biottsd out, all the future booame nssured, all the present was turned Into Paradise, and yst he only uttered one word— "Katey." the end. 