THE BUDGET DEBATE. MR. SHIELS'S' MOTION. ATTITUDE OF THE GOVERNMENT. A FREE HAND ALLOWED. THE 10 PER CENT. DUTIES ABANDONED. After the answering of questions and tho pro- flentaHnn of netiMnna am? run— in fli. Unn-inl.. tivB Assembly yesterday afternoon, Sir. Dixon gavo notios that lie would move on amendment on Mr. Siii.ls's want of confidence motion. His proposal would be to insert words so tbat tlio motion would read — "That some of the pro posals in the budget statement of tha Treasurer arc unsatisfactory," the inserted words being those italioiscd. SUGGESTION BY MR. SHIELS. On tho question that the Speaker leave the chair, Mr. SHIELS said : Mr. Speaker, — I desir. to point out to tire Government tho expediency of taking tho discussion on my motion in the House instead of in committee. It was a matter of discussion Inst AVedneidny and Thursday as to where it should be taken, and a euggestion came from yourself, sir, that it would ho hotter " ' Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Under oar new standing orders it is not possible to have any diioussion at this juncture. Mr. SHIELS : I am not starting a debate, but merely preferring a request tbat a motion of thiB eharaoter, which last week the Govern ment itself resolved to treat as a vote of want of confidence- Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : Quite wrong ! (Chair, chair.) Mr. SHIELS : We are in this position, that the Government Is bucking nbout in a most extraordinary fashion. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : Quite wrong ! Mr. SHIELS : I am not quite wrong in say ing Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : I rise to a point of order, (Orics of No gagging.) The SPEAKER : I have a perfect right, as a matter of courtesy, to hear the leader of the Opposition. I have given him permission to spoak, and when I find him going beyond the bounds I will stop him. (Opnosition oheers.) Mr. SHIELS : I thank you for your indul gence. I only want to appeal to the Govern ment. Last weok the Government eaid it regarded the motion nB one of want of confi dence. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : No ! Mr. SHIELS : The records of Parliament will show that you did so. Mr. MTNTYRE : We hava bean doing the bueiness of the country all the time. Mr. SHIELS : Why you offered to adjourn, and Mr. Spoaker sent his officers to consult with us as to how tlio notice of motion was to be sot down on the notice papor. The SPEAKER : I never sent the offiocrs. Mr. SHlELS : Well, tho offioera oertainly came, and the motion now appears amongst the Government business. Sir BRYAN O'LOGnLEN : Not with tha ooneurreueo of tha Government. (Chair, ohnir.) Mr. SHIELS : By the ordinary rules of the House, tli on. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : No ! Mr. SHIELS : I really do not understand tho apirit tho Attorney-General is showing. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : The hon. mem ber is making incorreot statements. Mr. SHIELS : I am making no inoorreot statements. (Opposition oheers.) The SPEAKER ; Tho Government ought to know that the leader of the Opposition has a right to put a question to the leader ot the Government, and as long as he does so in re- speotful langusga there should bo no objeotion on the part ol tha Government. I will take good aare everything shall be done in order. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SHIELS : A grave quastion of this eha raoter, which excites the largest pubiio interest created for many years past, should be taken, air, when you aro in the ohair and able to pro- side over the disonssion, and not in oommitteo, and the Government ought 'to listen to our appeal. It will lend proper dignity to the dahate to have tho Speaker in the chair. Sir JAMES PATTERSON: The hon. mem ber has again blundered, as we know he did in tabling Iris motion. It was quite a mistake to say that the notict, in tho manner in which it was tallied, should be regarded as one of want of con. fidence. The hon. member should hava known himself that he was distinotly out of order, aud now he is breaking another rule. What does tho standing order say ? That when the Speaker puts tho motion that ho shall leave the ohair The SPEAKER ruled tha Premier out of ordor. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : What I say is that tho best place for the discussion is in com mittee, and thero it must be taken. The SPEAKER : Now that the leaders of the House have each had a few words, in aooordanoe with the standing order I am bound to leavo the chair. (Laughter. ) IN COMMITTEE. Tlio IIouso haviug rtaolvod itself into com- mitloe of ways and means, The CHAIRMAN put the question — That on tile importation of tho following articles into Victoria by land or sea the soveral duties of customs hereinafter mentioned shall, on and after the 1st day of August, 1894, l>e charged ; except a3 to articles on which the duties aro reduced, the ru- Ructions on which shall take place on tire 1st day of October, 183-1 Agricultural implements, uot otberwiso enumerated, 15 per cent., Ac. On the first itom ho would allow a debate on tho wholo budget statement, tlio same as on the second reading of a bill. (Hoar, hear.) After wards they would deal with tlio itonrs seriatim, and hon. momborB would thou be kept strictly to tlio items under discussion. mr. shiels's speech. Mr. SHIELS, who in rising was greetod with loud oheoring by the Opposition, said Mr. Mason, I beg to move, as I moved some two years since — That tlio budgot statement of tho Government is unsatisfactory. I would show want of gratitude to the hon. members who havo given me suoh a groat wel come if I did not in my second sentence return an acknowledgment for their encouragement. In moving the resolution that tho budget statement of tho Troasurer ie unsatisfactory, I do not want to take up any unreasonable ground. I do not wish to affirm that at this grave junoture of affairs any Government of Viotoria oould produco a budget containing retrenchment and taxation proposals that would be without objeotion. That would be an achieve ment worthy of Omnisoience, and Omnisoience does not rest on those benohes, nor do wo claim that it rests here. We do not exact perfection from tho Government ; but wa oertainly did not look to the Government to oonceivo and bring forth a monster which has exoitad outside this House universal abhorrenco, and wbioh the'bBgotter would bo ready to abandon directly it saw the light. The Opposition felt but one sentimont direotly they heard tho budgot speeeh. They felt that the budget would be utterly disastroue to the best interests of tho colony— (Hear, hear)— that it wae subversive' of the policy whioh has established itself irere and whieh has borne rich- : fruit, and they felt it-was thsir duty to ohal-.. ; letrge it at the earliest possible moment to show ' the people ae well as tho Houso that the Opposi tion ae a body could not give the budget their eountenanes or support. (Oheers.) In tabling the motion, we did so deliberately, discarding all nations of Parliamentary atrategy. or taotica. We want votee from thle and that aide of the House— (Ministerial laughter)— only on the general merits or domorits of the Treasurer's proposals.' (Opposition oheers.) THE IMPERATIVE DUTY OF MEMBERS. If members of the Opposition think that on the wholo the budget is a good one, cvon though thoy do not approve of it in oertain details, it is their duty to stand loyally by the Govornment; but if, on the other hand, they feel tbat the bhdget merits denunciation, suoh as lias been pronounoed on all sides outside — (oheers) — then it is their duty, apart from my personality, or any future consideration or favor, or combina tion, to support the motion. (Opposition cheers.) The Premier, taking mental notes, says— "This is magnificent, but it is not war." It is not war as he practised it so aucoesgfully — (laughter)— when ire seized those benches and the spoils of office — (Opposition olreors) — but it is the struggle of earnest conviction to soatter to tho winds a budget that would prove disastrous to tho country. (Opposition oheers.) A MORAL VICTORY CLAIMED. If we gain our end of preventing the passage of a budget that would bring discredit and ruin on the country wo will be quite content to let Ministers stew a littlo longer in their own gravy. (Laughter.) They gobbled us off tho political spit 18 months ago — (laughter) — and if they are now being basted and roasted before a hotter fire — (laiicrhf«r) — f 1? » r- fl.o.. -nticip- iod — (laughter) — we offer them our condolences — (loud laughter) — but we don't offer tliem tho substitution of our bodies. (Laughtor.) THE ISSUES RAISED BY THE MOTION. This motion raises two issues in plain and direct tormB — first, aro hon. membors satisfied that the finanoial 1893-94 should closo with a defioit of £665,000 in the faoe of the solemn, reiterated and cmphatio assurances of the Government that its sole objoot was to squaro tho accounts and redeem the credit of the country ? Tho second issue is — Are hon. members oontent with tlie estimates of revenue, with tire retrench ment policy and the tatation proposals of the Government ? The answers to these ques tions involve other questions. Aro mem bers content with the budget whioh takes the duty off champagne and imposes ona on bananas 1 (Laughter, and No.) Are thoy con- tent with a budget that lightens tho burdens of the wealthy and piles on a heavier load ou that under which the poor classes already stagger? (Opposition oheern.) Is the House content with tho gross and wanton breach of faith in the case of the railway men and tho pubiio servants by departing from its pledge that the reduotions in salaries made in the not passed last seusion would not be disturbod for tkreo years?, (Opposition oheers.) HUNDREDS THROWN OUT OF EMPLOY MENT. Are yon content that a Government ata time liko this, when employment is scare and wages being reduced, should inorease the exoiso duty on tobacco and oigsra by 150 por oent., and throw between 500 and 600 peopleoutof employ ment (Opposition oheers.) The Premier doubtless calls that a theatrical display by the men and women that are walking up and down in front of Parliament at this moment. It is a display of hungry stomachs and keen anxiety. (Opposition oheers.) You may consider the action of the Opposition as being for party purposes, but it is not. Our object wae different — it was — Mr. W. T. CARTER : Revenge. Mr. MURRAY : Take no notice of tho rat's qneak. NOT A FIGHT FOR OFFICE, BUT FOR PRINCIPLE AND JUSTICE. Mr. SHIELS : Our object was to havo this budget absolutely and totally recast, so as to satisfy tho imperious needs of the country. (Cheers.) It ie not a war for office, bat for principle and juetice — (Opposition cheers) — and this motion has vitalised public opinion. (Oppo sition oheers). It has fooussad and accentuated that loud and universal condemnation whioh, from ono end of the country to tho other, has met these fatuous propositions, and made it impossible now for this budget to recoivo the imprimatur of this House. (Opposition cheers). Thorcfore, we may tako credit to ourselves that wo hava won a groat moral viotory already— (Opposition oheers— Without a blow being struok in tho fight tho Government has begun to capitulate; but where ?— On the back stairs and in the lobbies. (Opposition cheers.) They have told their sup porters—" Carry us over this first jump, and we will do anything to please you," (Laughter.) A COOKED NATIONAL BALANCE SHEET. I hold it oowardly in tho extreme to single out tho Treasurer and hold him up to unmerited contumely and obloquy for all that is contniuod in the budget. (Opposition ohoora.) But I hold bim primarily responsible for those illusory estimates of last year which practically gave tho Houso and tho country a cooked national balance sheet. (Opposition cheers.) I hold hold him primarily responsible for tho estimates for this year— (cheers)— but I don't hold him responsible for the mongrel eharaoter of this budget. (Laughter and cheers.) If unfettered ho would havo brought down a budget that would have amply satisfied the free-trade party, would havo raised the necessary revenue from tho fewest artielos, and have given us an income tax and a Stato bank of issue. (Opposition cheers.) For these extra ordinary proposals tiiat look crosswise, wink at protootiou— (iaugliter)— and ogle free- trade— (laughter)— and sell both— (Inughter)— the Treasurer is probably the least responsible man in tho Cabinet. Ho Is just as sineero in his free- trade oonviotions as the Attorney-Genoral ie with regard to protebtiou. - Mr. FOSTER : Aro you oertain about Sir Bryan O'Loghlen ? (Oh !) Mr. MURRAY : I don't think Sir Bryan is quito sure of himself now. (Laughtor.) Mr. SHIELS : That is on tho principle that evil communications corrupt good manners — (laughter) — and men cannot touch pitch oonnoctod with tho head of the Government without becoming de- filed. (Laughter.) For theso extraordinary, incongruous, and inconsistent proposals, which please neithor party, wn hare to thank, not the Troasurer, but tho heterogeneous assortment of Ministers that tho l'reinior presides ovor. (Laughtor.) Thoro aro free-traders and pro tectionists in the Cabinet, and also a section of men who aro sitting on fenoes and don't know on whioh side to drop, because they don't know whore tlio biggest battalions are. (Laughter.) THE TREASURER AND HIS BUDGET. I deeply regret that the Treasurer's ill-hoalth did not enable him to do full justico to his theme. (Hear, hear.) Last year I thought of liiin ns a yoim woman going to a ball with a tight pair of stays. (Laughter.) But on this oooasion I thought of him as tho reluctant schoolboy loitering on his way ta school, olmsing buttortliea— (laughter)— plucking wild flowers— (laughter)— and stealing into school just as it was about to be dismissed, cou- qoious that the lessons were all over. (Laughtor.) Hp also put me in mind of a man who started to dross himself by putting on his hat first and then tumbled into ins trousers and boots. (Laughter.) Ho never gave us any information respecting the reduotion of the municipal Bub. sidy, what he hoped to get by retrenchment, especially with regard to the proposal to dis miss 600 men from tho railways, and to dump them down on God cursed plots of barrenness. (Opposition oheers.) Neither did lie toll us what he expected to receive from the now duties, or how thoy and tho old sources of rovenuo wore going to realise £252,000 additional revenue. THE TREASURER'S NEBULOUS PROMISES. With regard noxv to some of the things we might expaot to got. The budgotstntement, whieh should havo been preoisc, full and aocurate, acquired by his wit and by these irrclevancieo the nebulous air of uncertainty which a Gover, nor's speooh always bears. Here are eomo of tho promises of the future. We may oxpeot, he told ui, the lieens- iug of raoocoursis. When? At the millennium day. (Hear, hear.) Hero are his words ; here is the promise which is going to lift the State aoaoh out of the miro in whioh it 'is stuck "When we get the time and 'members are unanimous and earnest." (Laughter.) Then another ofthe remedies, oh the great medicine man of the people is that wa are to license brokers and surveyors, When? Some time in tho next century. (Laughter.) Then, Sir, bear the friend of the publicano, if not of the sinners, when he says wo are to give encouragement to the distilleries on the oreamery principle. (Loud laughter.) Who will any tha| tho Treasurer is not a joker and a conjuror as well ? (Hear, hear.) I see the white waistooat, and it reminds mo of the conception of rural felicity Mr. ZOX : I wish it would remind me of it. (Laughter.) Mr. SHIELS: When every' man is to eit under his own vine and fig tree in a land flow ing with milk and honey. (Laughter.) But the Treasurer's notion of Arcadian enjoyment seems to be a Victoria flowing with brandy and whisky. (Lau'ghtor.) Mr. G. D. CARTER : I think that is scarcely fair. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MURRAY : Then give him some water with it. (Laughtor.) Mr. SHIELS : Brandy mado like batter and whisky churuod liko cheese, only it is to ba in tho sweet by and bye, when the senior member for Costlomaine (Mr. Gordon) and hia friends have ceased from troubling and tha weary publicans are at rest. (Loud and contained laughtor.) Then w< are to have a State noto of issuo ; we are . to have the long delayed Charities Bill of tho member for Eaet Mel bourne; and wo are to get the terminable annuities of the member for Eaet Bourke. Listen : " When members will give over push- ing their fads — Oh, happy day 1 (loud laughtor) — uuii when wo can gee united cominonsenso applied to somo proposals that will lift us out of tho stagnation we are in. " (Hear, hear. ) If we had had united commonsenso on the I'reaeury benches we would not have had this debate on this mostunfortunate budget. (Loud cheers.) We would net have had these nebulous, nondescript and non-committal promises ol the Treasuror, or, to use the momorable words of Lord West, bury, " theso eel- like, oily, saponaceous pro- jeeta," whioh are the fit accompaniments of the Premier's great and noble evangel of joy and revel under all ciroumstances, (Laughter.) Another of the Treasurer's moans of lifting tho colony out of the depression was that we were to issue our own sixpences and shillings. When? When Victoria is bold and strong enough in fleets and armies to cope with the Imperial pride of tho mother country, and take from her what we cannot get from her by grace. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. D. CARTER : They told us wo could do so in 1872. " INCOME T&X;, COME FORTH !" Mr. SHIELS : Most glittering of all these paste diamonds whioh he hangs round the neek of the future is one which he has exhumed from the grave of the past. On tiptoe, and with silent accents, ha leads the Houso to that quiet cemetery wliero last year he buried the special child of his financial genius wrapped in the shadowy flag that was nailed to the mast. (Laughter.) Ho knocks at the door of the tomb and says, "Income tax, are you there ? " (Loud laughter.) "Then, like Lazarus, come forth." (Loud and long continued laughtor from every part of tho House.) "Some hon. members, especially on my side ofthe House, donotlikethesmelland appear ance of your re-embodied corpse, but we want you somewhere about tho year 1896 " — (laughter)— . "and then if we do wo aro going to ear mark you. "What for?" "To convince the English creditors that we are in earnest" It will not take many assurances of this kind ta oanvinoe the poor taxpayers of Viotoria that the Govern ment is in earnest. (Hear, hear.) To make that negative assurance doubly sure tho Trea surer clinches it home by saying " If members are not in earnest wa may hava to devise some other remedy." (Laughter.) Of course 1 Who oould expeot anything else? All theso shadowy promises are most excellent fooling for " Cole's budget of jun," but they are not serious and are not to be the meana of lifting the colony out of its depression, or of . assuring English creditors tbat we are in earnest. (Hear, hear.) Thoy are not the promises of a Government of earnest ness. I will tell you what they are and what thoy will do. They show the state of gristle and jolly to which that solid backbone has been reduced. (Laughtor.) The Treasurer, by tho exigencies of being associated with an ill- assorted set of oollesgues who have not a common principio among them, is made to play the part of the Yoriok of finance, "a fellow of infinite jest, of most oxceltent fancy"— Sir JAMES PATTERSON : I see it now. (Ministerial oheers.) Mr. MTNTYRE : Hoar, hear. Mr. SHIELS : Then learn from him to bo hoaost and sincere. (Loud Opposition oheers and Ministerial Oh's.) "THE SPOOKIEST OF SPOOKBUDGETS." In this part there is as much differenee between the redemption of our promises and our pro posals and thu way you are treating the House a3 thoro is between Mr. WEBB : Truth and unscrupulousness. (Ministerial cries of Hear, hear, and loud Opposition cheers. ) . Mr. SHIELS : Out of the months of babes and sucklings wisdom and truth have eome. (Opposition cheers.) It is as botween Peter promptly atoning for a hasty fault and Judas Iicariot taking blood monsy for the betrayal of his Master. (Loud cheers.) Tho Treasurer must hava been attending spiritual istic stances, calling up spirits from the dark deep, ghosts and unrealities of promises never meant to bo fulfilled. We feel that in regard to these promises we are not dealing with flesh and blood, wo are not donling with liviDg bodies, but we are dealing with the spookiest of spook budgota that evor a Treasurer put before the Houso. (Laughtor.) Last year whou the Treasuror referred to the figure of hope in Pandora's box he was really foreshadow ing this bamboozle budget. (Hear, hear.) THOSE EVER RECURRING DEFICITS. Now let me say this, I believe thero is no man in this House but must feel a sense of pain and bitter disappointment at the state of the accounts disoiosed in regard to the last half year's transactions. I will go further, and say I do not believe there is a man in this House with suoh a paltry amount of patriotism, who is so fall of party spirit and animosity, as to rejoios and feel any pleasure in what means disgrace and discredit and loss to this colony. (Hear, hear.) We would ail have wished that we had seen the last of Stato deficits, we would all have wished that there was no necossity -to fund thosa deficits, representing a new and heavy acoretion of our pile of debts, the interest of whioh must bo paid every half-year, and which wq are now finding to bo almost intolerable. (Hear, hear.) These sinister, everrreour- ring deficits, while thoy strike a blow at our orodit, while they domand heavy saerifiees from tlie taxpayers at a timo when they can ill afford to meet them, aro the visible symbol that the era ol unprofitable prices and depression has still got this colony in its malig nant grip. THE TREASURER'S OVER-ESTIMATES. Last year the Treasuror estimated that his iucomo would be £7,563,000. The aetual rosult was £6,719,000. In other wards, the Treasurer was under the estimates, whieh be assured us were correot, to the extent of £843,000. In that I may say ho resembled the celebrated eharaoter piotured by Goldsmith— A flattering painter, who made it his care To draw men as they ought to bo, and uot as they were. (Laughter.) The Treasurer really drew up this State account and fashioned bis estimates, not as there was a reasonable possibility of their being, but as he would like them to be for party and Cabinet purposes. (Cheers.) He admits that I warned hira, but be qualified that admission by insinuating that I could not have believed my own warning. IVhy ? Because I did not buy wheat and sell forward ; because I have never made retrenchments or faoed taxa tion. Tho Treasurer knows I am no trafficker in wheat, wool, or anything else. Ho know that, apart from politics, for 14 yoars past I havo beon engaged sololy in private finance. If I lmd not baoked my opinion in the years 1892 and 1893, I would not have been in this position to-day, and — I say it with some feeling of dolicaoy— I should not only have been a ruined man, but I should hava been an insolvent man. THE SALE OF A MILLION OF TREA SURY BONDS. I -am. not now able- to offerany.vindioation for certain act of mine in the year 1892 which showed that I believed my own views of the future. I took then a step, under the best advice I could obtain, for which I have had to ro through a perfect fire of criticism from men ignorant of all I knew, and the fears I held, whioh unfortunately have come true. It was when I sold that million of Treasury bonds. I only4 took up the throads of previous negotiations by my predecessor.. I feared in the year 1892 the crisis which has s I feared then the reckless business that was being done. I met my constitutents and told thorn I had the gravest fears of the futuro of banking. I had not been Premier and Treasurer a week bsforo certain facts were brought under my attention that mado me believe that it was not only possible- but probable that there would be a bnnking crisis in the autumn or winter of that year. This is a subjoot on whioh I must bs silsnt— I may only sketch out my vindication in answer to the Treasurer. I felt it my duty under the oircumstanoes of the cash account and other oiroumstnnoes, which I cannot unfold, to sell that million of Treasury bonds and make absolutely eure of the State's finances. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : By lodging them in the bank. Mr. SHIELS : That is a flimsy plea. (Hear, hear.) A WISE AND DARING ACT. Is it not significant that no man of finance — I do riot refer to men like the Attorney- General, the member for East Bourko and Mr. Gillies — raised a word to challenge that. It was the wisest, the most prudential and moet daring act of my existence. I had to make tho finances of that year abso lutely eafe in view of what. T feared would onrne about. Members well know what ia in my mind. Mr. W. T. CARTER : Let us know what it is. Mr. SHIELS : I did more. I would have been absolutely insolvent and unnhle to Bpeak now if I had not entertained that fear myself. Money which I had received in 1892 I kept uninvested in order that I might meet the liabilities of tho institution of which I wae an unfortunate shareholder. I only breathed my suspioion to two individuals, each of whom has kept the secret, and who could now testify to the fact that I entertained the fears I have referred to. Now, sir, that was the action which I 5.30. took on that matter, and that was one of the faotors which tended to delay that crash whioh was sure to come as a result of the rceklessncss which had been going on since 1886. LAST YEAR'S DEFICIT. The Treasurer is good enough to say that I did not back my opinion ; that I did not urge retrenchment or taxation. Hon. members will know that I made three financial speeches last year challenging this budget. I went into the thing fully, and gave the House my views on the matter. The Treasurer knows he has done me an Injustice. Mr. G. D. CARTER : I do not Mr. SHIELS : The Treasurer said I did not urge retrenchment or taxation. Here is an extract from ona of the speeohes I made : — Evory indication we have got for the three and a half months of this year shows that Instead of re ceiving, even with the new duties, thnt £194,000 (of expected increase) we are not going to bring up tho revenue from new and old sources of income even \- to tile receipts from old sources of income. It ap pears to mo wo havo ahead of us a deficit which in tlio Treasurer's own figures cannot be stated at less than £500,000 for this current year. ... it is unnatural, ngainst nil cvidonce, against all abstract reason,' to believe that the State's revenue in the year 1893.94 will bo more than it was last year; and if it is not wo have looming ahead of us instead of this paper surplus of £3000 a defi ciency of at least £500,000. I svish there svas another tale to cell, but it is no good for the Legislative Assembly, in view of the large deficits we liavo had for a number of years past, to hug tho fond delusion that this year is going to show a better result. Tho position is one wo should therefore take to heart. Honorable mombors seem to he desirous of hurry, ing into rocuss. Are they going to hurry into recess without making further provision forthu reasonable expectations of tho receipts of this year? Aro we going to close the doors of Parliament with a deficit of this serious nature staring us in the face? Are we going to imperil the reputation of this country for prudent finance to build our hopes, Micawber- like, on something likely to turn up which has not some substratum of foundation of fact? I will ask lion, members' particular attention to the next sentence : — The Government should make further provision for the deficit hy further retrenchment or by further taxation. Is it to bo said that we are going to drift, drift, drift, waiting for what it is unreason able to expect may happen ? Are we doing our duty by the country and its reputation in hurrying into recess, leaving the large deficit which is ahead of this year unprovided tor ? (Obeers.) I do not want to go into theee remi niscences, but it ie necessary because Mr. Gilliee said, as the member for East Bourke knew, that while the deficit would not be so muoh as £500,000, as I had said it would bt, he thought it would be £250,000 or £300,000. And the member for Eesendon, while he did not enter into the financial part of the debate, came most generously to my aid, and stood up in the face of the opposing House and told them that, having gone care fully into this matter, he believed my warnings should have been listened to with care and at. tsntion. I ask the House whether the Trea surer's apology for this deficit will do anything to reasaure our Engliah creditors ? What does he say? "Oh," he says in a light and airy way, " it doos not matter," and thnt it is fully compensated ior by the virtue of having been sanguine. He says that if the deficit had been wiped out there would have been so much less in the taxpayers' pockets. This is the jaunty indifference of that very oharming cbarnoter, Wilkina Micawber. He says, " It is all the same ; the money is all distributed amongst the families of Yictoria ; if the State has not got it the taxpayers have, and if we are no worse off we aro no better." (Laughter.) THE GOSPEL OF CHEERFULNESS. Is the Premier satisfied with the Treasurer's rendering of his gospel of cheerfulness? The Premier jested and joked, and he bantered and made merry all over the couutry. Ho preached the gospel that the one thing to eure all our ills was to be hopeful and jolly. He saw bow we wers rushing on to the unpleasant state of things that was before u>, and he seemed to believe that tho only way to bring back pros perity was to put this aolony into a carouse, and he invited his Royal Highness the Duke of York to oome here— (cheers)— and be the focus and centre for his fireworks and cham pagne and chicken, so that the colony of Yictoria might boast of a policy of joy and cheerfulness under all circumstances. (Renewed cheers.) The Treasurer wound up the financial year of 1893 with a deficit of £665,000. In spite of re- peated warnings and advice ha showed a feeble want of capaeity toforesee the future. Mr. G. D. CARTER : What about provioua Treasurers ? Mr. SHIELS : The hon. member's interjec tion reminds me of what Matthew Arnold once aid, that "if ws aro not wiser than our prede cessors we stamp ourselves as being greater fools than they." (Oheers.) When my col league, Sir Graham Berry, found that things were becoming worse than his anticipations, bo came down to tho House like a courageous man, his own career and the existence of the Government in the hollow of bis hand, and he totd the House that even providing for every penny it was reasonable to expect the revenue Would be short in that year. THE REAL POSITION CONGEALED. What did the Treasurer of the prosent Govern ment do ? He knew his estimates had got all wrong, and there was already a shortage, and that he would be in a tight place. There was honor on tlie one hand beckoning to him to explain the whole matter, ,but there was a wily devil whispering to him to oonceal the facts. I oan imagine Mr. Oarter reasoning to himself in the words of a certain personage— "Can honor set a leg or an arm, or heal the grief of a wound? What is honor? A word. What is that word honor ? Air. Therefore I'll none of it." The hon. gentleman prevented Parliament from urging him to do his duty as a responsible Minister. He kept in his own bosom the knowledge that his estimates had ignominously broken down. Mr. G. D. OARTER laughed. Mr. WINTER : Don't bs flippant ; this is serious. PARLIAMENT DUPED. Mr. SHIELS : I hold the Treasuror primarily responsible for the faot that Parliament was duped and humbugged iu this way. Will the House pardon me if I tell them of a clerical story ? (Laughter.) It w(ll be of bishop, and I think I may say an Irish bishop, as his name was Fitzgerald. This bishop told a etory that there was a oonoeited and ignorant negro who thought he had a eall to the ministry, and who told his congregation that he saw in the heavens a great white cloud with the burning letters G.P.O., whioh he inter preted as " Go and preach Christ." "Hold on dar," said an old black preacher rising from tho audience, "dem letters, G.P.C.', did not mean 'Go and preaoh Christ,' but 'Go and pick cotton.'" (Laughter.) The Treasurer and hie colleagues thought they saw a great white oloud beckoning to tbem bearing the mystic letter, B.V.L., wbieh they interpreted "Balaneo Victoria's ledger." But their inter pretation should bo " Bamboozle Viotoria's Legislature." (Cheers.) This Government liae allowed the eolony to drift down the stream of deficit. They havo done nothing to right the finances, when they knew they were going wrong, and yet the Treasurer, while all this was going on, had tho magnificent audacity to make this spoeoh ; — What 1 want to yinint out Is that when this Ministry was formed it undertook tn do one tiling, and that was to make both ends moot. We were to atop the drift ; wo were at all sacrifices and at any enst to make both sides of tho ledger balance. Tho Uonso and tho country said that that must lie done tn preserve the national credit and lienor, ami this Government undertook to do it. It was incumbent upon ns to carry out that work, and what I wnnt to point out to tho committee now is that wehavedone it. The ledger balances and the deficit is decreased. Whilo wo would lie delighted if the llouso would pass the incotno tax, we prefer levying on sugar. (Laughter.) Twice in euocession they allowed the oountry to drift down tho stream of a huge deficit. When the Government was formed I entreated the Premier to take a longer reoess than he was about to take for the very purpose of putting the finanoee straight. But things have gone from had to worse, and the defioit, instead of being reduoed, lias been inorcaecd enormously. (Cheers.) UNACKNOWLEDGED ASSISTANCE. Tho hon. member for East Bourke (Mr. Har per) had written a letter on 22nd February, 1893, urging tlie Government to do what the House expected of it, and topreventthisdrif ting. Hon. mombers must reflect, too, upon tho way in wbieh these men who now occupy the Treasury benches have opposed . the earnest efforts which our Government made. (Cheers.) Month after month these hon. members fought against the measures which wo submitted, and yet when tbey came into power they adapted them. It ie well known how tlie present Minister of Mines and the Attorney-General went round the House forming parties to defeat our pro posals, Mr. M'COLL : You proposed that which was no good. The CHAIRMAN : I will not allow tills bantoring across tlie tsble. If the hon. member makes a mistake tbe Premier or any membor of the Government baa an opportunity of answer ing him, but I will not allow these interjections across the tableland it is desirable that the debate should be onrjied on harmoniously. Mr. SHIELS : Do not the hon members know the tremendous assistance the Government got from our proposals and our eoheme of retrenchment? We would not make our retrenchment policy apply to anything under £150 a year, but we found the House under the leadership of the Attorney-General and Ilia col leagues against us, and they defeated us. I said we would take the issue again, and on the second occasion we carried it by 2 votes. Mr. M'COLL : By our votes you carried it, Mr. SHIELS ; Tbe Attorney- General aald we would never carry, it, and he went home from the table with a vote of want of confidenoe in his pooket. He oame down again and brought it before the House, and we ineietcd on standing loyally by tlie principle, and not going lower than £150. The Minister of Mines and the Minister of Lands oame down and voted for tlie resolution, which was a vote of want of confidenoe in us, because they had been tiked to do it. That was their loyalty. The present Government cut the ribbons of our stamp aot, and the country lost £120,000 of rovenue thereby. We proposed for the first time in Australia an absentee tax, but the present Government dropped it. It lost all this revenue, and now the Ministers have the courage toaioine down hore and say that the Sliiels Government had failed in its duty. We had not got, as this Ministry lias, the country and tbe preae ripe to acknowledge the tate that this country has got into. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : How long did you conceal the deficit ? Mr. SHIELS : The hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs (Sir Graham Berry) came here in tho face of the House, and he and I told the faots of tho caso long before the responsible memberB of the Opposition ; and Sir Graham Berry said he would not let Parliament go into recess with the idea that they had wiped off tho deficit. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : You never in- formed mo. Mr. SHIELS : No ; and I never informed a guerilla. (Ories of order). I said a guerilla not a gorilla. I want to go to the more serious part of the businea becauses the future ia to some extent in our hands. The past is gone away, and is irreparable. I would ask tbe House this : Are they going tp base the future of this country upon the estimates whioh tbe Treasurer has brought down? As Byron aaye : — Tho best prophet of the future is tlie past THE ESTIMATED REVENUE. The Treasurer expeots to receive £252,000 of increase on the year. He apeaks, so far as I can make out, of about £32,000 more than last year as duty on spirits, as the lower duty will greatly inerease the importation in bulk, Tliis appears to me absolutely unreasonable, unless we are all going to get drunk. I say if you want to be on aafe lines and be aure of of bringiug out a credit balance even of tho smellost character you ought not to expect from the indications of the present time more revenue for the comingyear than from the past. (Oheers.) I am not going to predict this year, ai I did last year, that this year is going to be worse than last, and if I had to make a wager I would rather wager that this year, despite all tho malignant appearanees, will be a little better; but I am now asking prudent men to deal with the thing on prudent principles, and if you are wise you won't baa# your budget on the assumption of receiving more revenue than last year. (Cheers.) Business ie on sounder lines, raeli speculation is absent, expenditure is being brought down to legitimate means, losses in trade are less frequent, unre stricted credit is being turned into restricted oredit, and restricted eredit ia becoming cash to-day. The great factor is tbe price at home, and every man is forced by the prices of the home market to gamble on the future prices of products. I don't want to paint tin picture too colored, but Dr. Giffen in 1883 predicted that tbe world was face to face with a steady fall in prices. I would therefore ask tbe Government and hon. members — Is there any reasonable expectation of a substantial or marked improvement in the prices at home? The world Is going through a financial crisis, and baa been going through it for years past. Sir JAMES PATTERSON: Is this Govern ment responsible for all that? Mr. SHIELS ; No, but I am going to show you. The Treasurer, for an aceurate man, made a most surprising statement, as if tbe difference in the price of wheat would mean tlie difference between a surplus of £665,000 and a surplus of £300,000. Thero ia ono little break in tbe clouds which I think ia making for a temporary improvement. Thnt is the increased world's production of gold. If an eminent foreign statistician is right, we sliali in tbe three years ending with the present have increased the production of gold by about £96,000,000 worth. Of that £60,000,000 will go into the ourronoy, and that may bring abont a slight rising of the foreign prices. A TOO SANGUINE REVENUE ESTIMATE. Let me hurry on and show how differently the Treasurers of tbe other colonies are aoting to what is being dona by our Treasurer. The Treasurer for New Zealand actually estimates bis income this year at £130,000 less than last year owing to ths falling off in values. In Queensland the Treasurer has estimated his revenue at £7000 more than last year. In South Australia ths amounts received at the customs between January and June totalled £302,000, aa compared with £308,000 in the same period last yssr. In New South Wales for the half year ending 30th June there bae been a decrease of £65,722 in tbe revenue. Now let me take the customs receipts of Vic- toria, and what do ws find, if we are to take this as typical of the rest of the ysar ? Instead of raising, 'as I hoptd, a little more, we shall receive a great deal less. Remember we are comparing things now with the worst poseible period we have ever had- Tho bank clearances show somewhat improved roturnR this year. The last return, namely, for last quarter, showed there was £473,000 cleared in oheqnes less than for tlie same period last year, when we had 10 banks in liquidation. The revenuo received bj the Treasury this month wae £521,000, boing £12,000 hiss than that col lected during the corresponding period lest year. Tho customs receipts ran to £133,442, «as agsinst £133,375 for July of last year. Exoise and inland revenue produoed £55,198, as com pared with £60,558 in July last. The beer duties produced £8000 laat month, as against £9000 in July, 1893. Tho territorial re venue receipts produced £28,000, as com pared with £31,000, and the railways last month — I am speaking from memory — were £22,000 under what tlie railway receipts wero in tho same month of last year. Now take the tram returns. They ere a fair indication of the stato of huiiness in Melbourne. They show that for the six months ending 30th June, 1893, the traflio receipts wire £407,000 ; and that thin year, for the eame period, they were £359,000, or nearly £50,000 worso than they were last year The Melbourne Gas Company winds up tliii year with £30,000 lees receipts than it had for the previous year. For 1893 our total revenuo was £1,530,000 for the June quarter, whilst this year for the same quarter it was £1,519,000. In other worde, ail these fineness show that this year up to the present ie worse then Inst, and yet the Treasurer has esti mated we shall get £152,000 better revenue. PROTECTION AFFEOTB CUSTOMS REVENUE ? There are three great causes of dsaiine, namely, the low pricee at home— whioh is the great cause — tho depression caused by that, and by faotors which are at work hore. Then there is another great cause which lien, mombers do not recognise, namely, that we have a polioy here whioh ie now in triumph — the polioy of protection. Because we are becoming a eelf- euffioing community, able to live on our own roannfaoturss, protection is hindering the State's rovenue through the cuatome. It is a thing which is not goneraliy recognised, but I have come to the conclusion that it does affect the revenue in that way. If you go around the boot shops in Melbourne you will find boots on sale there of the same price and of apparently as good a quality aa you will get in London. I have tested tliem. Not only in regard to boots, but in felt hats and tobacco, and in currants and raisins, we produce articles as good aa anything which can be got et home. All that telle upon our rovenue. It means, however, at the same time that our people have better employment and better wages. In flannels, cotton garments, soap, oandles, salt, nails, wine, beer, agricul tural implements, carriages, machinery, per fumery, grain of all kinds and fruit we are able to hold our own. IT IS A RICH MAN'S BUDGET, Now, let me deal shortly with the constricted taxation of this budget. The impression left on my mind is that it ia essentially a rioh man's budget. Dive is being released by it from tho responsibilities which be should bear, and all is being lnid on the shoulders of the poor man. On the poor man's baok are laid sweltering bur dens. (Hear, hear.) On the poor man's own peculiar clothing is this 10 per cent, drag not clause brought into operation. It means that from the poor homeB of this oommunity is going to be raised £70,000. These papers, whioh we had some diflioulty in getting from the Government, show that the drag net olanse is intended to embrace £2,238,436 worth of im ports, the main part of which go either to the poor or to the local industries of this oountry. "While the poor man's cotton and his keroseno and his moleskin are heavily taxed, the duties on the'luxuries of the rieb, the sparkling wine, the burgundies, hock and distilled spirits, aro being decreased. All the kitobon uteneili of tbe poor are being taxed, and you are taxing the raw material used hy some of our thriving national industries. You aro taking off the primage duties because you have oome to the oonolusion there was some truth in what was said, namely, that they were ruining the distributing trade of Melbourne, but whilst you are lifting your finger with regard to tho 1 per cent,, you are dapping down your two hands and ten fingeri in this drag net olanse. The budget offends against all soientifio canons of finance, "Why did not the Government impose a tax direotly, and in specific terms, instead of doing it by inference as it his done in this drag net clause ? The budget is framed on the falsest principles, and it will tend to demoralise the community. Having obastieed the distributing trade of Melbourne with whips, you are now going to flay it with scorpions hy this drag net duty. And mind you are aiming a fatal blow at mining. In Australia mining enterprise needs to he developed. We may yet discover new Ballarate and now Bendigoee. When gold plays such an imperious funotion in human affairs the Government ought to encourage the explo ration for gold, but this Government of wisdom, this Government of aagacity, is going to tax very tool of the miner. Then ae to the eivil servants and railway employes. What are yon doing with them ? On the doctrine, apparently, that might is right, you are coming down with proposals which involve the breaking of pro mises made lest year with the people in Govern ment employ, and asking them to submit to out- ragsous burdens. Your exoiso duty on tobscoo you have increased 150 per cent., and you have, in consequence, turned workloas into the streets between 500 and 600 mon, whilst yon have made anxious with brows full of care at least 1500 to 2000 people dependent on them far support. No wonder this budget is viewed with consternation ; no wonder it is viewed on all hands as a most monu mental aot of insanity. You have two courses before you. I challenge you to either one of them. You can take this budget if you believe in it to the country. (Derisive Opposition cheers.) Yon can take it to the arbi tration of the ballot box, and we'll gladly help you to do so. (Hear, hear.) Yod.can go to — — Caisar, or take another course. Yon can oome down hore honorably and offer to with draw this budget to have it recast. Then you will find from this side of the House a generous recognition of difficulties which I did not dis guise when I opened my speech, and which I do not intend to diaguies from the House now. (Government ories of Hear, hear.) Will you face either of these courses ? — the gallant courts of going to the country or tlie free and honorable one of admitting your blunder. Everyone oan make blunders. We are oil human, and I don't demand omniscience of you. A FORECAST OF THE BUDGET IN COMMITTEE. ' But what are you doing? You ars shrinking from either ordeal. You are ibamefully capitu lating iu the back stairs of your lobby. I say, Mr. Chairman, in committee on tbe budget, what a ' rollicking time we shall have ; what a glorious vittce will take plaoe under your presidenoy. A drunken shindy, a Donnyhrook Fair will be nothing to tlie soenes that will take plaeo in this Honso in its last session, whilst a Government dis credited looks passively on si the House plays skittles with its proposals. Mr. M'INTYRE: That is your threat. Mr. SHIELS : Whatever may be the issue of this vote, we will have the satisfaction of regis tering and recording in formal resolution and in earnest on the Government'! budget that con demnation which every trader, every producer, and every taxpayer and every servant of the State pronounces againet your " apook " budget of 1894, (Cheers.) In tbe motion whioh I beg to move we pronounce this budget to be mischievous, because it will annihilate that small remnant of tbe distributing trade of this great capital ; we pronounce it to be treaoherous because it aims a covert but none the less fierce blow at the native industries, and we pronounce it iniquitous be cause it oppresses tho poor man by making living dearer and harder in every home and cottage. Sir, I move the resolution, and I heg to tender to tho House the homage of my great appreciation of the courtesy with whioh mom bers have heard me. (Cheers.) The committee at 6.30 p.m. adjourned for refreshments. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : I 7.30 think I must first thank ths leader of the Opposition for his amusing address. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) I think we havo done some good, after all, by pnaohing " hope and cheerfulness," judging by the way in which it appears to havu affeated tho hon. gentle man on the other side. Tho hon. gontleman has promised us assistance, but it is a kind of assist-, anae we would perhaps be better without. Ho would give us some assistanee with our budget, lie says, and then lie would proceed to play skittles with the whole affair. (Laughter.) That is nnt tlie aesistanoe we want. But this is perhaps natural to the hon. member, witli hie splendid ability and fighting instincts. Why, Mr. Mneon, when he get thoronghiy routed into combatant form, my baokbone, which he talks about, is a very wibbiy-wobbiy affair indeed— (laughter)— compared to the strength of his rhetorical shillelagh. (Loud laughter.) Tho hon. gentleman aeeme to have been born within hearing of the eoreame of Donnyhrook Fair ; he doeS delight in a fight, hie strength is in a fight. (Laughter.) But what this has to do with the flnsnoss I am at a loss to understand. What with quotations from Ally Sloper and Joe Miller — (laughter) — wo have had threo-quarters of an hour of justification of Shlele finance. (Laughter.) ThlB is not a vote of want of con- fidonoe in Mr. Sbfels, and he had no need to ex- ouse liimsolf, and yet he took three-quarters of an hour to defend his borrowing of money at 41 per cent, and lending it at 31. (Laughter.) The country ia not muoh conoerned as to the position of the Government or of lion, members opposite. There is something more erioue on the people's mind at present. (Op position oheers.) Thoy want to be eure that tbo little properties they have acquired may not loeo their valuo; that Ihere may be employment for labor and security for investment. (Cheers.) They want eteady, wise and progressive .govern ment ; and neither neat phrases nor flowers of spteoh are muoh to tho point. We do not want nicely balanced phrases, but nicely balanced accounts. (Loud Opposition cheers.) But while tho hon. mem ber is prepared to utterly destroy our seeounts he fails to propose anything in their plaee. It is his duty and that of every member to see that the country's obligations are met (Hear, hear.) It ia no use asking ue to strike off this and that unleas you substitute something for it. This is stocktaking of the country to balance the national ledger, and to eonaider how it is to bs done. The hon. gentleman was more fair than usual in giving the Govsrnment eredit for what it lies dona, and the Govsrnment docs not take credit for more than its ehare in the proeess of retrenchment. In four years wo have managed to reduce the expenditure by £2,000,000 per annum. (Hear, hear.) This will justify ue before the world as an honeat endeavor to pay our way. (Hear, hear.) The expenses of Government in ao email a com- ,munity were altogether out of proportion— (Hear, hear)— and we made eyatematio, not spasmodic, retrenchment in a continuous polioy on suon lines that people struggling on the land would not be justified in complaining that persons in the Government eervioe were twioe as well off. (Hear, hear.) . But now it ia said that our retrenchment is too drastio I It has been laid to- night that in one department at least onr proposals aro too drastic, while onr taxation is too severe. If the hon. members would only prove that our proposals go further than ie required, our task would be muoh more pleasant. It is not pleaeant to dis miss men or propose taxation. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer has had a most unpleasant task ; but he, with , the rest of the Government, will reoeive the reward of having done hie duty. But if the Treasurer is too sanguine and will not realise the amount he estimated, is there any reason to taka away from him the duties he now proposes ? (Mr. Beet : Stiok to them.) Hon. members opposite are dealing with one thing and I with another; they ore dealing witli the Govern ment, I am dealing with the budget— a marked difference. If you say the House has no confi dence in the Government, wo will understand your notion ; but if you attack the budget, why, it ia the property of the oommittee— (loud laughter)— and the oommittee oan do what it likes with it. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. BEST : Did you eay so last year ? Sir JAMES PATTERSON : The hon. gentle man is the non-party commission man who wants things done on non-party lines ; and now he is' awfully disappointed that we intend to leave the budget to tbe sense of the oom mittee. Mr. BEST : Are you prepared to do it ? Sir JAMES PATTERSON : It is to be left to the sense of the committee. (Hear, hear.) Deal with the Government, if you think proper, but do not mix up with it the budget, wbieh is the ways and means of tbe country. (Laughter.) If we do not get money from one source, we must get it from another, and we will ask the people to provide ths money we require. You come asking the Government lor £20,000 for this and £30,000 for that, never considering where the money is to come from ; bat when the Treasurer eomeB here and asks for means, what is his reception? He is told that bis proposals are all wrong. Indeed, I am inclined to agree with my friend the lion, member for Frahran. (Laughter.) "We ean take the budget baok and recast it; the budgot may be altered, or it may be withdrawn. This is now laid down as the proper mothod of dealing with budgets. (Hear, hear, and laugh ter.) To suppose that the Treasurer proceeded to arrange bis budget without reference to the other colonies is inconceivable. They have 25 per oent. in Queensland and 10 per cent, in South Australia and New South Wales. Now, there appeare to be some federal movement " in the air " here — (loud laughter) — and the federal spirit ie strong ; and while primarily our duty is first of ali to our own colony, ws kept in view our relationship with our neighbors end ths effect that border dutiee may have on federation. (Hear, hear. ) The more you add to the difficulty of dissimi larity the further it is off. (Hear, hear.) We must bring our tariff in consonanee with ths tariffs of our neighbors, and keep pteailily in view ths objeot of federation. After all there ie only one question whioh divides us ae a people— the ques tion of tariff. (Hear, hear.) Upon all tlie general laws and everything elee we aro absolutely agreed. I am inclined to think thero is some thing in this federal movement after all. (Hear, hear.) I believe the people in this colony are solidly in favor of federation and intsroolonial free- trade. (Hear, hear.) I believo we are nearer to that ob the result of ths New South Wales eleotions than over we wers. (Hear, hear.) That wae what was in tha mind of ths Treasurer when ho framed his budget. I think ths members of the Tariff Commission have been grossly misused. The House appointed the commission, consisting chiefly of protec tionists. They went ali over the eolony and collected a great mass of evidence. Tbey tlien submitted their report to the House, and I think the manner in which it has been reoeived is altogether ineomprehenaiblc. (Hear, liter, and Oh !) T'li leader of the Opposition asys, " Look what the Government have done. The Treasurer 1b actually reducing tho duty on ohampagne— — " Mr. M'LELLAN : A great shame. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : The Tariff Cora- mission Mr. M'LELLAN : Oh, tbsy are nobody. (Laughter. ) Sir JAMES PATTERSON : These 12 gentle- men naked that the duty on ohampagne should be reduced to the identical figure the Treasurer has mado it. (Hear, hear.) We have adopted the recommendations of this commission in globo. (Oh.) Therefore how can members say that ths Treasurer has surreptitiously intro duced those things? (Hear, hear.) Mr. BROMLEY; What about the 10 per csnt. on kerosene. (Hear, hear.) Sir JAMES PATTERSON: If the publio wore to read the papers presented to this House they would set who it was who made the bulk of the budget. (Oh.) The Tariff Com mission found that the general opinion in the country was that prohibitive duties were de structive of protection. (Hear, hear.') They found that the people were in favor of moderate duties, and we have adopted their viow, believing it to be the right view. It ie for the House to challenge that policy if they think proper. (Hear, hear.) In addition to accenting the proposals of the Tariff Commission, we asy there is to be an income tax. (When? and laughter.) Mr. MALONEY : In' the sweet by-and-by. (Laughter.) ' ( Mr. BEAZLEY ; You have (aid that before, _ Sir JAMES PATTERSON : It will depend on the opinion of our friends. (Ob! and laughter.) These are the gentlemen wo desire to keep neareel to ue if poeelhle. (Laughter.) If you go into battle it would not be a nico thing to have to depend on your enemies. (Hear, hear.) Last session our friends were eager for 10 per cent, duties, but the Govsrnment are not now wedded to 10 per eenti. (Loud laiiglitor.) If we aro aeked ws will tako off the 10 per oont. (Hear, hear, elieers and That's what we want.) But if that la done we ball have to make tlie income tax apply early. (Hear, hear, and oheers.) I ehall not now hope to reoeive the eupport of the leader of tho Opposi tion, who opposed tlie tax last session. Mr. BEST : Wo oarried it for you. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Wo ehall not persist in our budget proposals. It has boon laid down that it would be positive obstinacy in a Government, if tho oommittee aro against the proposals, to persevere with them, especially when wo ourselves do not cars mucli about tbem — (Oh, and Opposition laugh ter) — except for the fact that they bring in revenue. Tile leader of the Oppoeltion said to-night, looking to this corner, " What I want is votes." What we want is money. (Hoar, hear.) If the Income tax is made to apply early, the snrplus will adjust the finanoes in a way that there will bs no difficulty. What does ths lender of the Opposition say now about bis assistanee? . (Hear, hear.) Mr. BEST : Wo nre going to stiok to it. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Can he give ub his assistanee now?, Let him withdraw his motion and thua assist us. (Opposition laughter.) Mr. SHIELS : If you will withdraw your (Opposition ohasrs.) Sir JAMES PATTERSON : We have the report of ths Tariff Commission and the ineome tax, and wo will nob withdraw. (Oil, and Hear, hear.) No, wo will not withdraw. (All.) The leader of tho Opposition was not content with delaying buainess by submit ting a uo confidence motion on tho address, Since then we havo made progress with that great meaaure intonded to give relief by cheapen ing money for industry. (Oh, and Opposition laughter.) Hon. members laugh at that. Don't they believe that — don't tbey believe it? (Laughter, and We didn't believe you meant it and Hear, hear.) Tlie principal causo of our deficit is the Railway department. That is a great difficulty, and also n great asset. There is no doubt that (he management of the railways by the State is an exoollont thing if there ia no lose, because the producer gets profits which would otherwise go onto the pockets of private owners. Wo must also remember that a great State department, employing so many men, ie liable to great political influence. The leader of the Opposition has said that you cannot axpsot these men to use the spade. If the railways have unfitted our men for work, matters are in a lamentable aondltion indeed. (Hear, hear,) Wefind professional men iiBing tho spade on the land. We thought the other day that wo made an offer that bad humanity and feeling in it. It has not been accepted in that spirit, and thereforo we say no more about it. After the House has decided this motion, I trust it will proceed to busineee as quickly as possiblo and adjust matters to the satisfaction of the people, in order that we may be able to give enaoursge- ment to the various industries of the innd. (Ironical Opposition oheers.) We want to help by our prospecting vote to send men into the oountry ; we want to help the men ifho are settled on the land ; we want to legis late for the toilers in the mallee by giving them the proper area of land ; we want to soe that the taxpayera' burdens are no more than they oan bear ; and wo went to pass the bill to give oheap money to that people. Theee are the objeots we havo in view to maintain the credit of the colony. (Cheers.) I think there is some patriotism in this com munity. I believe that the rising generation nre setting an example, and that tlicy will not for tbe sake of indolent enjoyment Buffer the ooun try to fall back and ite honor and integrity to be ohallengod throughout thoworld. Wostandbetter in the eyes of the world to-day than .ever we have done before, notwithstanding', the fact that we have pasacd through a period of depression unexampled in the history of the world. There is no meaning in thisoontinual hammering at the Government simply because we aro sitting on these benches. If tho Government is challenged on some definite issue we shall not remain in these benches for a moment. But to say that the finances of the country depend upon tho life of tbe Government ie absurd. (Hear, hear.) We have been giving assistance to all kinds of industries throughout ths country, and surely it is not worth while to further pro long this debate. Our simple desire is to make tho ledger balance, and wa are prepared to removo from the budgot anything which may be objectionablo to ban. members. (Cheers.) This Government has no particular claims on this House. Tills House was elected under the auspices of tbe hon. member opposito —(Hear, bear)— and we have to acknowledge the plendid support we hove received not only from members on this Bide of tlio House, but also from mombors on the other aide. (Cheeri.) What we are now conoerned about is the finances of the oountry. If every bon. member insist upon his right to speak it will be impossible to get through the business. But tlie desire of the Government is to do tbe work it was appointed to perform, and as fpr tbo rost, I leave it to the oommittee. (Cheers.) Sir GRAHAM BERRY, who was received with oheers, said he did not think he bad ever listened to a more extraordinary spoeoh than thnt whioli they had juet heard from the Premier. It was quite clear that tho Govern ment could withdraw their budget, and if the Premier had concluded hie speeoh by the withdrawal of tlio budget business would havo gone on ia the ordinary way. The Pre mier in bis reply bad dealt with only one point, namely, the 10 per cent, dreg net. The leader of the Opposition bad prepared an elaborate statement showing in what way the budget was objcotionsble, bat only on one point had tlie Premier expressed the intention of thB Government, and not a word had been said as to tho additional revenue whioh was ox- pected or the sources from which the Treasurer expected it to come in. As far as he (Sir Graham Berry) could see from tho state ment the Treasurer had put in he would have been quite justified in estimating that his revenue would be less in, the coming year than it had proved to be in the past. He found, for instance, that the Treasurer had. given up revenue from primage, which last year realised £70,000. In agricultural implements he bad knocked off 5 per cent., 3d. per gallon off bottled beer, 2d. off bulk beor, 10 per oent. off woollen apparel, and so on — various reductions being mad which ho ventured to think would have tlie effeot of decreasing the revenue, as lie did not think the reductions would be sufficient to induce further importations. The Treasurer had not told the House where the increased revenue wae to oome from, and he thought the Premier wonld at least have mado some attempt at explanation or justification for this omission on the p&rt; of tlie Treasurer. The hon. member aafd that " open confidence " had done some- tiling. Last year it had launched the oountry in a deficit of £665,000, and if "open confi denoe " was to have no better result than that we should have to appeal to some other element in the human mind than open confidence. (Cheers. ) Mr. M'INTYRE : It is the smallest defioit there has been for four years. Sir GRAHAM BERRY : It had need to be the smallest deficit, seeing that during that period the expenditure hue been reduoed by something liko £2,000,000. (Hear, hear.) He would ask the committee to consider whether we had not oarried this question of retrench- ment, in throwing men out of work, to its fullest extent. IVe found that in proportion to the doorcase of expenditure tbe revenue was reduced, and the question was whether we should ever bo aroused from depression until there was some constructive policy based on the employment of the people on reproductive works. (Chtsra.) Another point about which the Premier was expeoted to say something was the exoessive duty wbioh it was proposed to impose on the tobacco industry. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members could not be ignorant of tho faot that there wae a feeling not only of depres sion but of terror, whioh had entered into tho homes of hundreds of people, in consequcnoc of thii proposal. Hon. members must know that it had been a growing industry lot years, and it had great possibilities in the futnre. If thie additional oxoiee duty wee imposed, what be came of the poliey of the Government in doing what thoy oould to induoe tlie oulttvation of tobaoco in all parts of tlio eolony ? Mr. FERGUSON : Yon did more harm to the industry than anybody else. Sir ORAIIAH BERRY: If the manufac turing industry was destroyed the market for the leaf would be gone. The noitie was entitled to know the intontlon of the Government with respoot to the proposed oxoise duties, because it wae not only the 10 per oont. duties whieh were objectionable, but tlie spirit whieh permeated the budget from end to end. It was not only that tho budgot contained an attack on tho protested poliey of tho oountry, but it attempted by tlicee exoessive duties to throw men out of work, and to dontroy a most import ant industy. (Cheers.) If the Premier really wished to bring this disoussion to a oloso lie should begin de novo with the budget, and deal more comprehensively with the enbjeat than he had done in the proposals submitted to theHouso. The Premier bad sheltered himself 6.30 hohinil the recommendations of tha Tariff Board, but that report had nevor keen adopted or even considered by the House, nnd he thought it would have only been reason able for tbe Government to have waited tilt the recommendations had lioen considered, because it was admitted on all hands that the less the tariff ursa interfered with the better it was for all parties. There should have been a full report and consideration be. fore the Troasnrer embodied tbe proposals in his budget. (Cheers.) Ho (Sir Graham Berry) lied read the report, and lie failed to eee that tho Treasurer had absolutely or exactly fol lowed ths board's recommendations. The board propoeed, for instance, that woollon manufac tures ehould bo divided into two classes'" those that could bs made in the eolony and those that could not, and ths board proposed that the duties on one class should remain at 40per cent, but tlie Treasuror had reduced them to 30. Mr. G. D. OARTER : That is tbe average. Sir GRAHAM BERRY ; If it was to be an average it would destroy the recommendations of the Teriff Board altogether. (Cheer a) This otaas of woollen goods that could not bo made in th.e colony might bo reduced to 10 or 15 per oent, or allowed free altogether. The proposi tion that woollen manufactures should be divided into what could bo mado in tlio colony and what could not was ono thing, but to aver age tile, two was quite another thing. From tho point of viow of the revenue it might be tlio same thing, but it was not what tlie oommittee had to coueidor now. But tho Treasurer hnd reduoed by 10 per cent, the duties on goods whioh could be made here, and it was tlio most important item in the whole of the tariff recommendation!. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : The board re commended a reduction to 15 per cent. Sir GRAHAM BERRY : Yes, for goodi that could not lio made here. Sir JAMES PATTERSON: They cannot be done without, as rovenue has to be obtained. Sir GRAHAM BERRY said that it meant reducing by 10 per osut. the protective tariff on woollen goods that oould be made here, and that wae nob in the recommendation of the board. Even if it were we liad had tariff commission! before the presant and their reoommendatione had not aiwaye been accepted. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : They speak from knowledge. Sir GRAHAM BERRY ; In many oases they took the evidence of manufaoturera ; but whait about tbe workmen? Very frequently tbeir interest was totally dissimilar, and very fre quently tlie witnoases were manufacturers ae well as importers, and the duties did not matter to tbem, but they did to the workmen. There- fore it was not always the diotum of a tariff board that ho would follow. He was address ing himself to the feat that though the Premier sheltered himself behind the Tariff Board, yet lie did not follow its recom mendations. In defending the 10 per cent, duty tlio Premier said it waa similar to what had taken place in the other ooioniea ; bat if we were founding our legislation in accord with that of tbe other oolonice, it was strange that tlie Premier did not seo that most of the other ooloniei had imposed direct taxation, and it would be more politic to follow the lead of those oolonies whioh had emerged from their depression by adopting the principle of direot taxation rather than adopt this drag net, whieh would interfera witli manufacturers and burden the poorer clauses of the oolony. (Oheere.) The oommltteo was now in the difficulty of having a budget whieh tlie Government dill not defend and did not withdraw, and it was left to hon. members' imagination to say what would be withdrawn and what would be insisted upon, and it would be left to be torn to pieces in a committee of the whole. It wae constructed on a wrong foundation. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Income tax, and all? Sir GRAHAM BERRY : There is no Income tax. (Cheers.) Sir JAMES PATTERSON : It is there. Sir GRAHAM BERRY : Yes, it is there for 1895, but it is only trilling with language to say it is in the budget. .Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Read tho English papers. Sir GRAHAM BERRY : They don't know as muoh about it as we do here ; thoy rely on partial telegrams, which are frequently mixed up. What right had the Pramier to apeak for next year? , "Wtion ho determined not to impose a tax this year he had no right to say onythiug about next year, more especially as tiie general eleotions would take place in the meantimo, and it did not rest with tlie Government to say what would happen next year. They were dealing witli the present year, and there wae no income tax in it. The Premier had brought it forward last year, and be (Sir Grahain Berry) had given.it his support, and he wished that the Government backbone so often spoken of had been rigid then, as ths Premier would have held a muoh higher position in the eyos of the oountry than he did at present. He understood that the Premier was going to withdraw the 10 per cent, dutioe from the purview of tbe committee, and lie was pleased to note that. (Cheers.) He would like another statement, that the increased duty on tobacco and cigars would not bo insisted upon. Sir James Patterson signified hy a nod that tlie daties would not be insisted upon, an indication which was greeted with oheers. Sir GRAHAM BERRY also considered that further retrenchment of the publio ser vice could only bo regarded in the light of a breach of faith. It would be almost criminal at present to do anything to take money out of tha works fund in the publio departments or in public works. To reduce the bourn of labor or measure of re muneration in nny direction further lie believod would ho simply suicidal. (Hear, hear.) The country would not find itself under better aus pices until it lied an altered policy. It woh fur that reason, he said, the policy which had been indicated as coming from the Ministor of Rail ways was deplorable. Of course be did not wish to fix the Minister of Railways with newspaper reports, but at the same time when reports appeared day after day as to the Minister's in tentions, and aa they wero not contradiotad it was only reasonable to suppose that there was Borne substratum of truth in them. He thought all the work which could be found to do should bo done now. If there wero trucks and carriages to be repaired by the Railway department, 1st them bo attended to, for all the money which would be expended would one way and anotlior find its way back into the revenue. Abovo all things let it be understood thnt the timo bad oome when in order to put tlio financce straight there must be some direct taxation. (Hear, hoar.) The House had played with that matter too long. Those who were able to bear the burdon muet be made to bear it. It had fallen on the shoul ders of tbo poor aud helpless— the women and children— long onough, nnd ho held that hon. members would be shrinking from their duty if tliey did not now sec that there ehould be that taxation whieh should renoh the pooketa of the wealthy. (Hoar, beor.) Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN complimented the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs on the moderation of his speech. He thought tbe disoussion of the budget, so far as the reso lution of the hon. member for Normanby was concerned, was at an end, because the Premier had told tliL- House that the Government had agreed, in accordance with the wish of hon. members, to strike out the 10 per oent. drag net duty, and that tlie tobacoo and sugar duties would receive favorable consideration with a view to alteration; further that the Govern ment was in ths hands of the committee, as to any alteration of the budget. Tho constitu. tional position of affairs was that no decision of the House in committee affeotsd the existeneo of the Government. Therefore tho Government had not treated tbe motion of tiie bon. member for Normanby as a vote of want of confidence. The defioit this year was only £655,000, whioh was the emallest defioit for tha last fivo years. Far from having a right to attaok the Govern ment on ite financing, the lion, mem ber for Normanby should remember that he wae responsible for far greater deficits than this Government wlion lie was in office. It was said in cortaiu quarters that the reason of the strong opposition of tlie press to the 10 per cent. ad valorem duties was. on tbe ground that it would tag the paper on wbieh newspaper. were printed. (Opposition laughter.) Good paper for newspapers was made in M.IIiourno and Gesiong, and as tha Libar&l; paper with the enormous circulation advocated protection on the ground that it cheapened an article, lie failed to see why it objeotod to the 10 per cent, duty on printing pnper. (Lnughter.) As a matter of foot, everything used In a printing office oame in duty free. Mr. MURRAY : Keep on your own way. Don't take hints from the Treasurer on thesub- joot. (Laughter.) Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that In order to disprove the statement that tlio Govern ment lied done nothing to find employment for tho people he hail only to mention that 6705 men, representing 26,000 eouie, had been put on the laiui. Tlie leader of tiie Opposition Honght to make a point when lie said that tlie Govern ment after sending people to eearoh for gold pro|H»ed to tax the tools the men used, but aoting in the light of greater experienoe the proposed duty would not bo imposed on mining tools. (Opposition laughter.) Mr. GRAVES : Has the duty on kerosono gone? Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : Yes. (Opposi tion laughter.) Mr. BROMLEY : "What about the exoise duty ? Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : That is to he re considered. (Opposition laughter.) Mr. T. SMITH : Will anything be left ? (Laughter.) Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : All the 10 per cents, will he free — (loud laughter) — and any of tlie other duties will be left in the hands of tlio corainitteo. (Opposition laughter.) The Go vernment did nob want to press upon any class whatever. (Opposition laughtor.) Tho high spirit dutiee imposed by tlio Skiele-Bcrry Govern ment had resulted in tha revenue from that source falling £340,000 In two years, and caus ing iilioit distillation to becomo rife. (Hear, hear.) If the spirit duties had not been raised we would soitceiy have had £1 of a deficit. (Hear, hear.) Tlie hon. member for Normanby ought, io place tiie Government in a corner, but was defeatod by hie over anxiety. (Laugh ter.) He took eredit for having made tho Government come down — (Opposition laugh ter), — -but tho Government lied obtained more light ou the subjoot — (Opposition laughter) — through taking the advice of its supporters. (Opposition laugiiter.) Mr. TRENWITH said that tlio 9.30. Government had oome down from its position with loss of dignity and nlso with loss of truth, inasmuch as it now alloged that it never treated this motion as one of want of oonfidenoe, whereas the Premier, on Thurs day night (the last sitting), declared that notice of a want of oonfidenoe motion had bean given. (Hear, bear.) The country and the House might be eongratulatcd that tha motion had let suoh light in on the Government ae to liow that its drag net proposals wero objection able. Tho Opposition did not objeot that tho Treasurer was raising too muoh reronue. They aid ho was not getting enough, liut also that lie was getting it by improper means— (Hear, hoar) — not by scientific taxation on thoso who could hear it, hut on tho pinafores and print drceses of tlie working people. (Hear, hear.) When the Promlor saw the hive of in dustry at Foy and Gibson's he said that tlie principle of proteotion would throw hundreds of those people ont of work. That, by the way, only showed his ignoranco of the principle of proteotion, for he was talking about a duty on flannelette, which was a raw material. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : That is very good for tho Rotunda. Sir. TllENWITH : It was good anywhere, for it was a fact ; and, after saying that a duty on flannelette would throw hundreds of people out of work, the Premior thereupon put a duty on it of 10 per oent. (Hear, hear.) He regretted to hear the Attorney-General, who wae onoo a centre of proteotion, now sneering at " the arguments of the protectionists." Perhaps, like the member for Wiliiamttown, lie had been converted. Tlie CHAIRMAN : Order, order ! Mr. W. T. CARTER : To what have I boon converted ? Mr. TRENWITH : To moderate proteotion. Tlie hon. member was bursting to meet Henry George in defence of the uitra-protcotion prin ciple he then professed. It also appeared now that federation was being used as a weapon for killing proteotion before we bad federation. Tlie Attorney-General was placed on the highest pedestal in the esteem of tho Liberal party, but lie had been dragged from that proud position into tlie mire— lie might almost eay tho political cesspool — because of his intense desire to have office at any price. (Hear, hear.) He had forfeited the respcot of tho Liberal party. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Where is that party now? (Laughter and You'll see at the next election.) Mr. TRENWITH : They have been to eomc extent submerged by the trickery and decoit and tergiversation of aome who olaim to be Liberals. (Laughter and cheere.) The time is approach ing when tho Premier will find where thoy are. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M'COLL : Making boots. Mr. TRENWITH : I would bt awfully glad if the Minister for Mines ooutd make anything hut mistakes. (Laughter.) To make mistakes ie tlio prime qualification for a position in tho present Government. (Laughter.) None of them are able to do anything else. Mr. M'COLL : You make more than mis takes ; you make suffering. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TRENWITH said they were justified in asking more than that the Government should withdraw its iniquitous, cruel and brutaldrag net proposals. It had been urged that there was some collusion between tlie wealthy institu tions of this oountry and the Government, amongst others the Gas Company. That oom- Sany some time ago suggested that there ehould e a duty on kerosene, and accordingly the Government put 10 per oont. on. That was not all. The company askod to lie relieved of tlio duty of 35 per cent, on gas meters, and these were now on the froe list. When the Premior vires Commissioner of Customs lie very wisely reduced tho exciso duty on tobacco by 6d. in tho pound, in order to develop the industry, but now— Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : That is all over. Mr. TRENWITH ; That is not withdrawn that I am aware of. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN : Oh, yes. Mr. TRENWITH would say no more about that then, aud lie wiis glad to know that 500 people would be ahlo to go haeic to work. Sir JAMES PATTERSON: It has epoilod your speech. Mr. TRENWITH : If the budget is mended I don't mind my speech being spoiled. (Hear, hear.) The Premier said the Government had adopted the recommendations of the Tariff Commission. The lattor recommended that tiie duty of 2s. 6d. per foot on glassware that oould be made in the colony should bo romoved, and 25 per cent, ad valorem substituted. The Government now proposed that this 25 per csnt. should bo put on glass of ail kiudo, thus going direotly in opposition to the commission's recommendations. Ad valorem dutios wero sought for by thoso who lied free-tiado proclivities and who desired to find moans for ovading tlie payment of duties. They had all heard of oooked balance sheets. Lights of commercial morality were continually being brought up and fined for re turning goods at Iobb than their value. Fixed duties would prevent that sort of tiling ; ad va lorem duties encouraged it. 'Tho l'romier, witli nu assuranco that was astonishing, declared that tho incomo tax waa in the budget. It was in the Inst budget ; it wae now resurrected, and resurreated only to he slain again. Reduc ing tlio expenditure nnd starving the resources of tlio country was not the method by which to make ends meot. Tlie only way tint oould be done was to tax tho people who were still well off, notwithstanding the awful condition of the country. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : They will pay more freely than you or your class will pay. Mr. MALONEY ; That is not true. _ Mr. TREN W ITH said his class would exer cise the Englishman's right to grumble, but he would say tliey would pay more in proportion to their means than the olass which had done well out of the community. (Cheers.) Sir JAMES PATTERSON : You pronohed free-trade in New South Wales. Mr. TRENWITH : And I voted for tho income tax laat year, and kept this Government in power. Sir JAMES PATTERSON: Max Hirsoh'e brother. (Laughter.) Mr. TRENWITH : Tlie policy that ho was advocating had received tha support of practical experience in New Zealand. Tlie Atkinson Government spared tho people who could pay and left everything on those who could ill afford it. Mr. HARPER : Thoy did nothing of the kind. Quite the opposite. Mr. TRENWITH : The hon. member might eay "Quits the opposite," but ho knew what he was talking about, and he usually did, which was not always a charaoteristio of the member for East Bourke. (Laughter.) Tha Atkiueon Government retrenched iu every direction. Mr. HARPER : And they also proposed direot taxation. Mr. TRENWITH : Then another Govern ment came into power whioh completely altered the policy of their predecessors. They taxed the people who could afford to pay and they left off borrowing. Mr. HARPER : l?o; the Atkinson Govern ment left olf borrowing. Mr. TRENWITH : It was said that the action of the Ballance Government had caused capital to leave the country. Mr. HARPER : So it has. Mr. TRENWITH : Some of the capitalists had loft ; but the capital had remained, and the Government bad a aurplue instead of a deficit. The people were in a more prosperous condition than over tliey were in before. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : What are they doing now? They are anticipating revenue beforo it is duo in order , to pay interest in London. Mr. ARMYTAGE : Are not you doing the same thing? Mr. TRENWITH : Wo know the Govern- ment is floating Treasury bonds. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : That ie for lome- thing elee. You had better read up New Zea- land. Mr. TRENWITH said he bad read np New Zoaland before the Premier sent the Minister of Lands to lenrn something about the country, as if tlio Minister of Lands oould ever learn anything. (Laughter.) New Zealand presented an objeot lesson wliioli it would be well for the Government to follow. ' He oonoiuded by con gratulating tlie Government Sir JAMES PATTERSON; Ah I That Ie good. Mr. TRENWITH: On discarding the baok- bono. Tliey had given it up completely to night. The speeali of tho Premier that night Sir JAMES PATTERSON : That's good; go for it. Mr. TRENWITH : Tlie apecoli of tlie Premior had completely routed tho baokbone. Mr. W. T. OARTER: It oan be kept up Mr. TRENWITH: The hon. member for Williamitown could bo kept up still— for a little while. Mr. ARMYTAGE : A very little while. Rlr. TRENWITH believed It would be the same witli tho Government. IIe believed their servility — not their civility, because they had hover been oivil if they oould afford to be impu dent—bo believed their servility would save tliom. Ho believed tliey would hold on to tlio ilosh pots until tlie lost moment. But he had confidence that the people of this country would have nothing to do with a pnrty of false promises, tergiversation anil double dealing. Sir .TAMES PATTERSON : Large words. Mr. TRENWITH : And unfortunately true. Tlio country would sond to Parliament people who could speak tiie truth. People who began their publio life witli a lie, and evinced an utter want of patriotism, woro not fit to govern the oountry. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : Toll us aboutvour trip to New South Wales. Mr. TRENWITH remarked that when the Premier spoke about his visit to New South Yvtiies he betrayed sue name amount of ignor. anco that he usually did on ali other subjaot. (Laughter.) When lie went to New South Wales he said nothing, either ahout free-trade or proteotion. Sir JAMES PATTERSON : You muet have been very miserable. (Laughter.) Mr. TllENWITH : Tlio poliey that he went to advocate in New South Wales would result in tlio gradual extinotion of men like the Premier. He did not want to continue this jiurpaseiesa discussion. (Ministerial elieers.) The Opposi tion had aeoompliBhod what it hail set out to accomplish, hy the removal of the obnoxious portions of the budget. It had knocked o'qt two or three parts, and ho felt sure from tho oom- pliant and accommodating disposition of the Government it would be able to knock ont all the otliors, nnd to compel tlie Government to oarry into effcot an income tax. Sir JAMES PATTERSON: Wa will compel yon. (Laughter.) Mr. DIXON asked the Premier wbathor he would givo instructions to tha Customs depart, ment the next day to cease oolleoting the 10 per cent, duties, the duties on auger and the excise on tobacco? Sir JAMES PATTERSON replied that he would. (Cheers.) Mr. TRENWITH asked if the duties on glass ware would still be collected on the lower sonlo. Sir JAMES PATTERSON said the Cuatome department would be instructed to adhere to the recommendations of the board as closely as pos sible. Mr. E. MURPHY asked if it ware true that 500 or 600 railway men were to be die- charged. Sir JAMES PATTERSON replied that tha rumor originated in the faot that aome of ths men who had been working half or three-quarter time bad aeked to be put on full time, and it waa oxplained to them that if that were done it would throw several hundred men out of employ, ment. Mr. P. M. SALMON asked if the alterations now made in the duties were to apply to spiriti. Sir JAMES PATTERSON said the Govern ment did not intend to alter ita proposals in regard to spirits. Mr. MALONEY asked what waa tbe mini mum salary wliiah would be affected by the retrenchment. Sir JAMES PATTERSON replied that no thing under £100 a year would be touched. Progress wae then reported. ADJOURNMENT. The Houea at 10.30 p.m. adjourned to 4 p.m. the noxt (this) day. 