THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (published daily) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, TUESDAY, NOV. 27, 1894. LAST NIGHT'S MEETING. Mb. Max Hirsch and Mr. Irvine, M.L.A., must have been very greatly disappointed at the small meeting -which listened to them last evening. It -was a poor compli ment to the gentlemen who came so far to speak on a question of such vital interest at tlie present juncture. Many were, no doubt, induced to stay away by reason of the fact that having heard Mr. Dan Egan, and having sat at the feet- of that mighty prophet when ho has been engaged in shattering the delusions of his opponents in bursts of passionate eloquence, they would be wasting their timG in listening to such lesser lights as Mr. Hirsch and Mr. Irvine. But joking apart those who were not present last evening missed a great deal, for the speeches of the visitors, and of Mr. Hirsch especially, were full of instruction upon the subject of land values. Mr. Hirsch is an ardent advocate of the tax, which lie maintains will not fall heavily upon the farmer.- as has been represented. He calculates that the farmers will have to contribute about £55,000 out of the £500,000 which it is proposed to raise, and this is not taking into account the land of the farmers which is In the hands of the mortgagee, and upon which the mortgagee will have to pay in proportion to his interest. How the Government proposes to deal with mortga gees, so as to prevent thorn from increasing their rates of interest in order to cover their share of the tax, we will leave to the bill itself to explain. However, if Mr. Max Hirsch is correct in his estimate, the farmer will not be unduly burdened. Of the entire proceeds of the tax, something like £300,000 will come out of the pockets o£ the owners of rural lands, that is, of shires. Mr. Turner says the large land holders will pay £100,000, and Mr. Birsch says the farmers' share will be £55,000. That will leave about £145,000 to be paid by the dwellers in the townships scattered" throughout the colony. Mr. Hirsch showed how a wealth tax would bo inequitable alongside a land tax, and wound up his speech with a declaration in favor of the abolition of the oppressive prohibitive duties and tariff reform, which he said could be attended to next session. He might have added—" If the Labor party and the extreme protectionists will allow." Mr. Irvine was generally at one with Mr. Hirsch, but they clashed once. Mr. Hirsch says the land tax will fall heavily on the banks and the large landholders, while Mr. Irvine claims as its chief merit that it will not be a class tax. As the dramatic performance ends with the farce, and the pantomime with the clown, so last night's meeting ended with Mr. Dan Egan. He makes out that this journal wilfully misrep resented the remarks of Mr. Turner on the subject of the " one-half " and "two-thirds" calculations in connection with the land tax estimates. He could not believe that it was a misunderstanding. Wo may point out, however, that several members of Par liament who heard Mr. Turner's speech, fell into the same error, and Mr. Egan, in stead of continually misrepresenting this journal, might do us the justice of admitting that we gave full prominence to Mr. Tur ner's explanation on the subject when it was made. Of course, Mr. Egan understood it from the first; with his massive intellect, he fully comprehended the full force and meaning of the Government pro posals. In fact, we arc not quite sure that he was not consulted by Mr. Turner before the budget was framed. In the future, when any doubt exists as to the exact meaning of a passage in the specch of p. Premier, or ?.ny other prominent politi cian, a consultation with this Great Mogul of the People's Party will clear it entirely away. Ar.i.KOED Robbery from A Mink.—Between Saturday night and Sunday morning a ease* and a half of gelatino dynamite and a quantity of tools valued altogether at £7 10s were stolen from the Kentish Company's storeroom. J\lr. Jewell, the manager, locked the door at mid night on Saturday, and on the following mm n ing he discovered" timt it had been prized open. The matter has been reported to the police, Death from Pneumonia.—Yesterday morn ing, a man 67 years of age named Tnomas Thurston, who was employed on Air. J. R. Goodiseon's farm at Grassy Flat, was found to be seriously ill. Mr. Goodisson conveyed the sufferer to the hospital where he died in the course of the day, the cause of death being pneumonia. Thk Pkoft.k> Party Meetixg.—The moving tpiiiu of the Feupie's part}' on Benaigo Had a somewhat anxious tim? of it yesterday. They had notified that the public meeting, toconsider the land tax proposals, would be held in the Police Courthouse, and during the day their ap plication to the police magistrate—under whose control the courthouse is—raet with a refusal. It appears that the mayor was asked for the use of the town hall several days ago, but he informed them that it had previously been granted to the Horticultural Society to hold its show to-day and to-morrow, consequently it would be required last evening to complete arrangements. The mayor, under the cir cumstances. suggested that the "Party" might obtain the courthouse, and they ex pressed themselves satisfied provided they could have the use of it. Accordingly on Friday the town clerk received instructions to write to the P.M. for permission to hold the meeting in the courthouse, and a reply was received yes terday to the effect that he could not grant it for political purposes. The town clerk then wired to the Law department as follows:—" Ou citizens imve use of Police Courthouse to-night for public meeting re land tax. City hall en gaged by Horticultural Society. Will be ready for court sittings next morning." The reply .came :—" It- i" a rule of this department- not, to allow buildings under its control to be used for political meetings. I regret, therefore, request cannot be acceded to." Mr. Dan. Egan was duly apprised of the state of affairs, and he accordingly made arrangements for the speakers to address r.n open-air meeting from the steps in front of the hall, and this was done. A large crowd was expected, but only about 200 persons assembled, and there was a lack of enthusiasm about the meeting. Parliament.—Both Houses of Parliament will meet to-day, but the Minister of Defence will ask the Legislative Council to adjourn for a week owing to the no-confidccce motion in the Government having been tabled. As soon as the Assembly meets (writes the Argus) Mr. M'Kenzie will proceed with his motion that the budget proposals of the Government are unsatisfactory. The Premier will reply to the member for Anglesey, and an attempt will be made by the Ministerialists to force a division at the conclusion of Mr. Turner's speech. Should they, be unsuccessful, the Government has decided to ask the House to sit all night if necessary until the motion is disposed of. Mr. M'Coll will follow Mr. Turner, and it is un derstood that the Attorney - General will speak on the motion should it be thought ex pedient for a sccond Minister to take part in the debate. The Heat Wave.—During the past few days the weather has been terribly oppressive. Yesterday was by far the hottest day of the season, from early morning the heat of the sun being intense and at midday it was literally a scorcher. The highest register in the shade at Mr. H. Credgiuglon's establishment, Pall Mall, was 105 degrees. On the three previous days the readings in the shade tvere as follows :— Friday, 93 degrees ; Saturday, 9G degrees; Sunday, 101 degrees. Fire in Wattle-street.—'Yesterday morn ing a fire broke out in a weatherboard work shop belonging to Mr. Poyser, a carpenter re siding in Wattle-street, near Mr. R. Dawson's residence. One of Mr. Poyser's children was the first to notice the fire, and on the alarm being raised information was at once sent to the Temperance Fire brigade's depot, View street. The horse hose-reel was promptly brought out and taken to the scene. The fire men soon had a stream of water playing on to the burning building, but as the flames con tinued to spread to the out-housjs of the adjoining properties owned by Messrs. Dawson and Orme, it was decided to run out another length of hose and attach it to a fireplug in Barnard-street. This had just been done when a tram came along, and the firemen had to dis connect the hope from the hydrant in order to allow the tram to pass. This necessitated some little delay. On getting the second stream of water on to the buildings the firemen succeeded in preventing the spread of the fire, but not before the workshop and out-houses adjoining it had been completely gutted. The origin of the fire is unknown. Mr. Poyser's property was insured for £300 in the London and Lancashire Company, of which Mr. Grimley is the local agent. The damage ia estimated at between £50 and £60. The Wattle-street Case. — The singular case which came under the notice of the police on Saturday night., as reported in yesterday's Advertiser, assumed another aspect yester day, when the man James Teague expired. As our readers are aware, he was found by the police lying in Wattle-street, near Rowan street about" 9.30 o'clock on Saturday night. Believing the man was only stupidly drunk, he was lodged in the lookup, but after spending nine hours there and being iu the same condi tion, the Icckupkeeper suspected the man was unconscious and had him removed to the hospital. He remained insen sible all day bunday, but recovered his senses yesterday morning. He then began to sink rapidly, and died about 11 o'clock. The doctors cannot definitely state the cause of death as there are no marks externally to ac count for the compression of the brain. It is possible, however, that the man may have met his death from eurcmia. An inquiry will be held to-day. Deceased was a single man. Givm; Vent to iim Disappointment.— Yesterday morning another of those unfortu nate cascB, in which husband and wife bring their domestic troubles before the public, occupied the attention of the city bench. The complainant waa a young married woman, who proceeded against her husband for assault. She alleged that her husband had, after abusing her, struck her on the arm, and then threatened to emulate some celebrated wife murderer by cutting her throat with a carving knife which he picked off the table. She said she was afraid of her life, and would not go back to her husband, admitting freely that her object in bringing the proceedings was to obtain a maintenance order. The bench, however, aftec hearing the evidence, the defendant setting down the plaintiff's state ment as a fabrication, dismissed the case, remarking that the wife appeared to be well able to take care of herself. There appeared, from subsequent developments, -that there was a certain amount of foundation for this ob servation, for immediately the parties had got out of the courtroom door, sounds as if some one's head was beine banced aeainst wood work, betokened that something lively was happening, and the court habitues to a man rushed to the spot. The defendant hurriedly re-entered the court, and after consulting with his counsel, Mr. Kirby, that gentleman an nounced to the bench that his client, when leav ing the court, had been set upon by his wife, who, in the presence of a constable, struck him right between the eyes. Mr. Kirby asked aB the affair had taken place within the precincts of the court, that the offender should be called back. The bench did not consider it advisable to interfere, remarking that the assault had not been witnessed by those in court, but ad vised the defendant to give his wife a longer start nest time. DEATH OF AN OLD BENDIGONIAN.—Yester- day, Dr. Atkinson received intimation by tele- gram from Warrnambool of the death of an early Bendigonian in the person of Mr. William T. J. B. Harris, who was once a chemist carrying on business in View Point, and about 1853 was in partnership in a chemist's shop with Dr. James Boyd on the site at View Point where Dr. Boyd's surgery now stands. Mr. Harris was a member of the municipal council, and about that time was one of the wealthiest men in Bendigo, and held valuable properties in View Point. Like many others, however, he had had considerable reverses, and about 20 years ago left for the Western District. Four or five years later he entered the employ- ment of Mr. Samuel Park, chemist, of Warrnam- bool, where he remained till his death. He was about 65 years of age. He was generally very popular in Warrnambool where he made many friends. Tub Railway Receipts. — The railway traffic receipts shows for the second time since 1st July, an Increase on the corresponding week of the previous year. For the weelc just- closed there is an increase of £2,234, owing solely to the improvements in the goods traffic. The figures are £55,0S4, as against £55,850. The goods traffic represented receipts to the extent of £38,182, against £33,835, and the passenger traffic totals £19,902, as against £22,015. Since the beginning of the financial year there has been a decrease of £87,340 as compared with the corresponding 21 weeks of 1893, an average falling off of £4,159 per week. This week and last week's increase is due to the wool traffic. Tiie York and Durham Fatality.—Yes terday Mr. W. Wilson, J.P. held an inquiry at the hospital touching the death of Antonio Peita, who met his death from injuries sus tained in the York and Durham mine, Eagle hawk, on Saturday, Dr. Quick appeared for the company. Matthew Mann (mining mana ger), Andrew Peita (brother of deceased), Francis Shuttleworth, Joseph Ketterer, (deceased's male), W. H. Grainger (In spector of Mines), Joseph Nancarrow and Dr. Peebles gave evidence which substantiated the facts as related in our issue of yesterday. Joseph Ketterer swore that the manager told him that he could have timber whenever he wanted it. Dr. Peebles deposed that death was due to rupture of the liver with hemorr hage. The jury returned a verdict of acci dental death. Our Eaglehawk correspondent writes: —The funeral of the young man, Antonio Peita, took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely attended, about 20 vehicles following the hearse. The place of interment was the Eaglehawk Cemetery, the mortuary arrangements being carried out by Mr. E. C. Brown. Ltcessiko Court.—Mr. P. J, Rwycr, P.M., presided yesterday morning. The application of T. Hogan for a temporay license for a booth at the Bendigo Jockey Club races was granted. A similar application by M. Cullenan was also granted. The court then adjourned. •jL'he Horticcltural Show.—The first grand Spring exhibition of the Bendigo Horticultural Irnprnvement Society will b" opened in the town hall by the mayor (Cr. Heinz) at 2 o'clock thisafternoon. Numerous entries have been received, consisting of exhibits of fruit, flowers, feres, pot plants, etc., and the show should be a most attractive one. At 7 o'clock in the eveningr^orthcott's band will perform selections of music. The show will tie con tinued on Wednesday. An" Application" foe Excesses.— When a publican, who was charged with Sunday trad ing, was fined in the City Police Court yester day, there was an application for expenses by a wiLiiess, an old woman, who it appeared had been instrumental in having the defendant caught through being unfortunate enough to meet a constable as she was leaving the hotel with a jug of liquor. The bench were at first inclined to allow the witness expenses, but on the foregoing facta being brought under their notice they re-conaidered the matter, and de cided that no expenses should be allowed, re marking that only for the witness going for ueer on a Sunday there would have been no offcr.ee committed. She was an accessory before the fact. Sub-inspector Murphy observed that if the applicant had been awarded the expenses she would have known a way of earning five shillings a week for the rest of her natural life. Matriculation- Examination.—The matri culation examination in connection with the Melbourne University, was opeced in the chemi cal theatre at the School of Mines yesterday. The Rev. J. C. Johnstone, M.A., of Echuca, as usual, conducted the proceedings. The sub jects yesterday were French in the morning, and English in the afternoon. The subjects for to-nay are geometry, 9.30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. (pass) and 9.30 to 12.30 p.m. (honors) ; and Latin, '2.30 p.m, to 4.30 p.m. (pass) and 2.30 p.m. to 5.30 p.m. (honors). No AIoee Run-away Winding Drums.—The several mishaps which have occurred of late in the different mines of thi3 district in the mutter of runaway winding drums, with the attendant loss of valuable rope and. damaged appliances, and especially the late lamentable accident at the Unity mine, arc causing mining managers aid enginedrivers to give special at tention to devising means to make it impossible for a winding drum to run away when thrown out of gear. The latest invention is a very simple and effective contrivance of Mr. R. Cor nish, mining manager; and Mr. J. Langdon, engincdriver, of the United Hnstlers find Redan Company, and is already applied to,the winding-gear, and gives evory satisfaction. • It consists of a horizontal bar connected with the clutch lever, and works on a strong iron rest fixed on the bed-log, as near the side of the drum as admissible. So, that whenever the clutch is thrown out, the bar i3 moved in. Should the brake be defective through neglect or otherwise, the arm of the drum rests on the bar, and can move uo further. Then provision is made to release the clutch lever by means of a long slot in the end of the bar, on which the. lever slides. This invention can be applied at little cost, to hold rope, cage, and load at aDy depth. Warden's Court.—There was no business set down for hearing at this court yester day. Tramway Mishap.—The tram which leaves the Charing Cross fountain at 20 minutes to 7 o'clock in the evening met with a miatmp yes terday. When opposite the Barkly hotel the motor passed over a stone od the rails, and the jolt caused a breakage of one of the springs. With the heavy weight on it the spring dropped down on to the road, and the motor could not be shifted. Nearly an hour elapsed before the disabled motor could be got back to the terminus, and the service during the re mainder of the night was irregular as to time. Lecture ox " London-."—Last evening Mr. T, F. P. Western delivered a lecture descrip tive of the metropolis of the world at the Masonic Hall. The lecture was a very interesting one, and was listened to very attentively, Mr. Western's descriptions of Lon don life in all its phases, and its great institu tions and buildings, being most interesting and instructive, and evidencing his ability as a lec turer. During the evening Mr. T. Margetts sang songs typical of various characters found in London, Mr. W. Laurie playing the accom paniments. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, on the motion of Mr. John P.obiLav.-, seconded by Mr. J. D. Crofts. In responding, Mr. Western made a few observations with regard to the financial state of Victoria, considering that it could be set right without recourse to further taxation. His idea was to appropriate the un claimed balances in the banks {the Government to become responsible), to rcducc the cost of government, take away 50,000 children from the State schools who bad no right to be there, reduce the width of reads and dispose o£ the land, sell closcd roads and river frontages, and effect savings in various ways. If any tax were then needed, he would go in for a progressive Death is tuk Hospital.—William Ro~2, aged GS years, admitted on the 22nd inst., died in the hospital yesterday from heart disease. Examination's.—Elsewhere the Education department announce several examinations at the Camp school during next month. Details will be found in the advertisement. Clifdex Children's Home.—Miss Kinder, the hon. collector of thishomc, which is situated at Wedderburn, is at present in Cendigo solicit ing donations towards its maintenance, and we beg to inform our readers that we will be happy to receive donations for this worthy object. Although this homo is under the supervision of the Industrial Schools department it receives no Government help, but is entirely dependent on these ladies, and private subscriptions. These last year were only £73 17s, and there is a great falling off this year. There are at pre sent 10 boya and three girls in the house, all destitute. They are from the alleys and lanes of Melbourne principally, a few coming from other parts of the colony. They are bein<; well trained and educated to the State school stan dard ; while all seem happy, healthy and con tented. Improvements at Golden-square. — For some time past a growing improvement has been steadily going on, especially in the out lying parts of the Golden-square neighborhood. While many new houses have been erected both in the township itself and also on the outskirts, others have been improved and enlarged, and many stand in the midst of thriving fruit and flower gardens, where a few years ago, there was nothing to be seen but diggers' holes and heaps of tailings. During the past wiuter fos sicking and sluicing have been extensively car ried on in the various creeks and gullies, with varying results,Vand at the present time there are numerous parties of tributors and prospec tors at work on the different reefs in the dis trict, while all have not done well, others have had excellent returns. Should the Whip and Jersey, who are down over 1,000 feet, the Ben digo Golden Star, or any of the other companies who have been perseveringly working away for years with very poor results, make a good payable discovery, it would galvanise the whole of the CarshaltOD lino with life and activity, and give a fresh impetus to the mining industry and business generally in the Square. As showing the increase of population in this part of Bendigo, despite the number of new houses which have been erected, it is noticeable that there is scarcely an unoccupied housa in the locality, and there i3 a steady demand for houses at a moderate rental. Owing to the want of increased accommodation, it is the in tention of the VVesleyan Sunday school com mittee to erect additional rooms at the rear of the present buildings. A number of plans and sketches of the proposed additions have been laid before the committee, but a final selection has yet to be made. A boon that would be greatly appreciated by the Golden-square public would be the extension of the electric light as far as Maple-street or tho local police station. Temperance Sermon.—In compliance with a request from the general conference, the Rev. R. W. Thompson preached his annual sermon on "Total Abstinence," in the Wesley an Church, Golden - square, on Sunday last. The Rev. gentleman based hia remarks on Matthew, 7th chapter, 19th and 20th verses, " A good tree cannot briDg forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit, therefore, by their fruits ye shall know them." The prcachcr applied the text to the traffic in intoxicating liquors. Judged by this text it is undeniably a bad tree, and ought, for the good of society, to be destroyed—not merely a limb lopped off here and there. In proof that the tree was bad, its fruit was examined, and several reasons advanced why it should be dis countenanced. Baxd of Hope.—The half-yearly meeting of the California Gully Bible Christian Band of Hope was held on Friday evening. The elec tion of officers resulted as follows:—President, Mr. J. Tonkin (re-e'.ected); vice-presidents, Messrs. Eddy and J. Ennor ; secretary, Mr. W. Beside; treasurer, Mr. Eddy ; conductor of choir, Mr. Harry; organists, Misses E. Bird and E. Williams. The retiring secretary (Miss P. Williams) read a very satisfactory report and balance- sheet, the total number of mem bers on the roll being SO. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers, especially to the secretary, whose valuable services were referred to in very complimentary terms, and responded to by Mr. Knnor on her buiiuU. At i-lic conclusion ui.La.uics, olc., were partaken of, and games, singing, etc., wore indulged in. -Puuk Advent Addresses.—it is iJie inten tion of the Rev. N. Jones, M.A., of the Perry Divinity Hall, to deliver a seiic.-. uf addresses on tiie advent season in St. Murk's Church, Gulden- square, commencing ue\i.Sunday morn ing. The addressea will deal with "The Advent —pre Millenium,1" " The Personal Return of Christ," " The Day of Judgment " and "The Believer and Judgment." As several of the subjects to bo dealt with are of a most interest ing character, and have occupied the attention and research ot the rev. gentleman for soma time, largo congregations may be expected. The Great Eckopeax Creccs. — Mr. D. Hardie, one of the proprietors of the above big circus, paid a flying visit from Maryborough to Bendigo yesterday, and found everything in the way of preliminary working in good order under the manipulation of the press represen tative, Sir. Neville Forder. Mr. Hardie re turned to assist the production of the show at Castlemaine last night, and this morning che whole concern will arrive by the train which leaves Castlemaine at 10.1G a.m., and will open to-night on the Williamson and .Myers' streets site at 8 p.m. We have already given our readers an idea of the high estimation this circus is held in by the press of every city it has struck from Sydney to Maryborough, and we feel justified in recommending it as a most interesting and novel entertainment, which, at the extremely popular prices announced elsewhere, is pretty well sure to be largely patronised. Bible Christian Chdech, Long Graxr.— Tho anniversary of the above church was cele brated on Sunday, when three services wers held. In the morning the Rev. Mr. Warren , officiated, preaching an effective sermon from ! the words, " He shall receive power after that j the Holy Ghost has come upon you, and ye ! shall be my witneases3." The rev. gentleman spoke of christians aDd their influence for good. ! The Holy Ghost was the moving power for good, and without it they could not be iv itnessc* for Christ. The Rev. G. H. Cole "reached in the afternoon. In the evening the Rev. Mr. Warren again occupied the pulpit, taking his text from St. John, 3rd chapter, 16th verse. The congregations were large. A united choir rendered special hymns under the leadership of Mr. F. Williams. Mrs. A. Hicks ably presided at the organ. Last evening a tea and concert in connection with the above was held in the schoolroom and church. Mesdames Vercoe, Dakin, Thomas, Cock, Hicks, Ellis, Hooper and Tregear presided over the tea, to which a good num ber sat down. The church was well filled for the after meeting, Mr. D. B. Lazarus, M.L.A., occupying the chair. A capital programme was gone through, the following taking part:—Recitation, Mr. Pascoe; song, Mr. Dennis; song, Mrs. "Roberts; violin solo, Mis3 Bolton ; song, Miss Grose ; address, Rev. R. Warren; song, Mis3 Jenkins; song, Mis3 Martin: violin solo, Master Polkinghorne ; song, ^Mr. T. Davey; song, Mrs. Roberts. The annual report, which was read, was of a very satisfactory nature, and showed that the receipts for the year had been £223 6s 4d, and the disbursements £215 17s lOd, including £66 paid ojj the debt, !and £S2 spent in improvements. The Hopetoun Brass Band rendered several selections during the evening, and the choir, under the leader ship of Mr. F. Williams, also assisted. Mrs. Hicks presided at the organ. Omitted.—We are requested to mention that a number of the members of the Laurel Tent, I.O.R., Golden-square, took part in the proces sion at the Kangaroo Flat Hospital Sunday services. Sunday School Anniversary.—The 11th anniversary of the Quarry Hill Congregational Sunday School, which is held in the State School building, took place on Sunday, services, at which there were good attendances, being held in the afternoon and evening. The interior of the school was niccly decorated for the ccca ion. The Rev. A. B. Rofe conducted both ser vices, in the afternoon preaching from Exodus, 2nd chapter 9th verse — " Take this child away and nurse for me, and I will give thee thy wages." The preacher spoke of the early life of Pharoa.il, whose mother's teaching had its effect upon his life, notwithstanding his in fluence and teaching afterwards. Early train ing left its impression on the mind permanently. He pointed out the duties of parents, who should not depend on any school or the State for the religious instruction of their children. Home training was necessary, and where children got it, there was no necessity for State School religion or Sunday School teach ing. There was the usual singing by the chil dren, Mr. H. R. Read presiding at the organ. Services will be held in the school every Sun day evening until the new school on a site at the corner of Russell and Duncan streets is built. . West Sandhurst Presbyterian Sunday School.—The anniversary r.f this school wa3 celebrated on Sunday, when three special ser vices were conducted in the Masonic Hall. The scholars,were accommodated with seats on the stage, which was tastefully dccorated with uovtcrs colioctcu uv the liiciubers of tiie Christian Endeavor Society connected with the school. The minister, the Rev. J. Hunter Potter, officiated in the morning the text for his sermon being taken from Proverbs, the words being—"Thine own friend and thy father's friend provoke not." The preacher dwelt with the subject under four heads : The Sabbath, the scriptures, the sanctuary and our Saviour. In the afternoon the Rev. A. S. C. J ames delivered an appropriate address to the scholars. The Rev. J. Hunter Potter conducted the evening service, selecting for his text, the parable of the good Samaritan, dealing particularly with the words—" Go thou and do likewise.'". At the conclusion of his sermon the rev. gentleman expressed his regret that owing to circumstances over which neither he nor the superintendent of the school, Mr. W. Wright, had no control, the prizes in connection with the Allen bequest, which had been won by some of the scholars connected with the school, were not available for distri bution that afternoon as had been intended. At each of the services the scholars rendered ap propriate hymns in a pleasing manner, under the able condnctorship of Mr. W. Gall. Mrs. Watts played the accompaniments on the piano in the morning and evening, and Mis3 Hands in the afternoon. Mis3 Eames con tributed a csuple of solos, "Thy King1' and " Angels ever Bright and Fair," at the after noon service, and in the evening Miss JBarnett sang " The Holy City," Miss Germann, " But the Lord is Mindful of His Own," and Mr. L. Germann, " A Winter's Story." There was a good congreation at each service. The anniver sary will be further celebrated by a social and concert in the Masonic Hal!, to morrow even ins. "Girofle Girofla."—The box plan was opened on Saturday at Messrs. Sutton Bros., Pall Mall, and is rapidly filling up. Successful rehearsals of principals, chorus, band, dancers, etc., have been held during the past week, and the opera, in addition to being full of wit, will unquestionably be one of the most attractive, from a spectacular and musical point of view, that has been staged in this city. Entirely new scenery has been specially painted for this pro duction, and very Buperior stage furnishings have been kindly lent by Messrs. Craig, Wil liamson and Thomas for the occasion. A satis factory full dress rehearsal was held on Wednesday evening, the costumes sup plied by Messrs. Baker, Baker and Co. being of a m03t unique and attrac tive description. The minuette and Spanish fandango will be danced with limelight effect. The final full dress rehearsal took place last night, and passed off successfully. A Narrow Escape. — At the Essendon ground on Saturday, Wilson, of the St. Kilda cricket cloven, lifted a ball over the fcnce, where a couple of spectators were standing, with a baby in a perambulator close behind them. The hood of the perambulator was up, but the ball went through it as a cannon shot would have done, and pitching within about two inches of the sleeping infant's head, stuck there without doing it the slightest damage. The annual meeting of the Bendigo Mutual Permanent Land and Building Society will be held at the Metropolitan hotel at 7.30 o'clock this evening, when the adoption of the balance-sheet and election of two directors and two auditors will take place. The Enterprise Minstrel and "Variety Company will vi-iti Sebastian on Thursday, 29th insfc. Sub sequently a dance will be held. The ordinary meeting of the Jame3 Roe Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., will take place to- night. The Helping Hand League will hold another entertainment at 7.30 o'clook this evening at the Gospel HalL 