SAILING ITEMS. (By RINoGTAIL.) On 'aturday, November 18, 1893, acamp meeting was held at Native Point under the auspices of the T.Y.C., Mr Thos. Archer in the chair, and proved to be such a success that it was resolved to hold another similar meeting last Saturday. fhe tide was an early one (11"40 a.m.), but not withstanding this, several of the boats did not leave till late, some through careless ness and others on account of circumstances beyond their control, and the result was I that, all told, there were only five arrived in time, namely, Daisy, Ventura, Florrie, and Stella, and one from Whirlpool Reach, and out of these two were towed down from Rosevear's by the steam yachts Ions and Hebe, both of which were already at Native Point, but hearing where the two yachts were, and seeing that the wind had dropped and the tide turned, they at once started up and brought them down, making a total of seven ships altogether. t Nevertheless, although the numbers were small, still the fun waU fast, if not furious. Mr Archcr again presided, and s)Jngs were sung by a number of the memhere, light refreshments being banded round during the intervals. Upon one prominent mem ber being called upon for a song, he rose to his feet and explained that, unfortunately, he did not sing, but would, instead, pro pose as a toast, " buccess to yachting on the Tamer."' tow, this bring a popular feeling, the toast would have been drained unanimously had it not been for the woeful discovery that there but three glasses provided with the refreshments, so there was, unfortunately, nothing left but for the proposer to drina the toast himself, whilst the remainder sat round and cheered. At about 11 p.m. the camp was broken up with a few words from Mr Archer, who, while regretting that the numbers had been smaller, expressed the opinion that the amusement and the inter est shown in the proceedings had been, if anything, greater than on the former occa sion-an opinion evidently shared by all. Hands were joined around the camp fire, and " Auld Lang Syne" was sung with the usual amount of fervour, the proceedings closing with a vote of thanks to Mr Bar nard for the use of the land, and another to Mr Archer for presiding, after which an adjournment was made to the boats, where some of the more venturesome, defying the mosquitos, indulged in a smoke on deck in the moonlight, while others sought oL livion within the comforting folds of their rugs. Next morning all hands indulged in a "dip in the briny," followed afterwards by a stretch down the bay, and then for home, concluding a most pleasant outing, the weather all through having been superb. During the morning a rather unusual incident oc urred on board the Ventura. When right abreast of Egg Island a pigeon of the blue Antwerp species, after circling twice round the boat, settled on the foredeck with a regular " come-a-aboard-sir" air about it, and upon food being offered it ate voraciously; in fact, one of the crow declared that the bird devoured no less than half a loaf of bread, though on looking up records I find that that fellow never got but one prize for truthfulness while at Sunday school, and that one was given him in mistake. Anyhow, certain it is that the bird was there, and was also very hungry, feeding at last from the hand, and being in no way inconvenienced by the crew jibing the sail over and running the spinnaker up. When almost up abreast of Gravelly Beach, after having come a distance of about four miles and made friends with all on board, he leisurely took his departure without oven leaving his address, or any clue by which one might be guided as to his future move ments. However, the crew are jubilant, regarding it as an omen of good fortune, and if they but manage to pull off their race on Friday that pigeon may be sure of a hearty welcome the next time it sees fit to visit the Ventura. After so many defeats in southern waters, it is not to be wondered at if we are not as a whole disposed to be over confident as to the result on the 26th inst., but what few hopes the more innocent amongst us may have had have been rudely dashed to the ground by the infor mation volunteered by Mr Hedberg (D.S.C.) during his recent trip to the north, viz., that they have no less than five boats (21-footers) down south that can beat the northern representative ten out of twelve events, and that if we are lucky enough to have everything in our favour the result of the race will be-Viking, Imp, and Thelma, with Ventura, perhaps, fourth. Since this revelation was made many otherwise promising young fellows may have been seen With dejected faces and ai broken-hearted appearance wading knee deep in the mud a'ud:alime of the Cataract, with about a Lb:atul of ashes piled on their devoted heads, doing penance for having dared to hope that a Launcerton boat might have the ghost of a show against anything southern. However, her owner does not appear to be very much depressed over the information, and the boat left the city on Tuesday night in charge of W. Poultney, C. Croft, and C. Barnard, three of the crew, followed by the good wishes of a handful of enthu siasts who had gathered at the station to wish the boys bn voyage and good luck. As yet, I believe no arrangements have been made as regards any private matches, but Mr Hunt states that in the interests of sport he will hold himself and his yacht in readiness to fall in with the wishee of the southern committee, whatever they may be, while he is on the Derwent. ._?~- 