Sporting Notes and Notions, i [By the Vagrant.] An English inventor has brought out an electric starter and time-recorder for bicycle races. It con sists of a couple of discs — one at the starting point and the other at the finish. When the tapo is broken at the finish the time is recorded, and at the same moment the instrument takes a photo graph of tho finish, showing the winner and those close to him. A feature of the Muswellbrook Amateur Turf Club's meeting last week, was the riding of Mr. E. Higgens, the well-known auctioneer, who had five mounts, and was three times first and twice second, and tho manner in which he slipped his field at the home turn on one occasion evoked the admiration of a friend of mine who was looking on, and who knows something about the gome. When I first Raw Mr. Higgens ride, now several years ago, he was in my opinion without a rival in the ranks of colonial gentlemen jockeys, aud the delicate yet deter mined manner in which he used to get hold of the heads of wilful or faint- hearted nags and screw them over fence was an example which professionals could with profit follow. Mr. Higgens learned his riding in England, where on several occasions he was on the back of some of Mr. Arthur Yates's formidable string of 'leppers' when they carried silk, and it was a great fluke that he had not the honour of steering a Liverpool Grand National victor. However, some few yearp back the genial knight of the hammer broke his thigh whilst playing polo — a game of which he is passionately fond — and he has not been seen in the saddle since unless necessity peremptorily demanded his presence there. We are told by some conscientious recorder of jublic and private life that Lord Rosebery has Tom the time when he was a very young man been mbued with three great ambitions. The first was ;o marry one of the richest ladies in Europe : he seenred Miss Rothschild for a bride. The second ivas to be Prime Minister of England : he is Mr. Gladstone's successor. The third was to win the English Derby: last week his Lordship's colt Ladas had such an easy task in the Two Thousand Suineas that it is probable his third desire will be eonsummated, and that he will acquire what that other Premier, now dead and and gone, — Disraeli — described, in what has grown to be a famou phrase, as ' the blue ribbon of the turf.' Many times have the Prime Ministers of England stood a chance of winning the Derby ; but in the long list of equine heroes since Diomed's name was inscribed first on the bead roll in 1780 down to the present time none of them have been quite successful, although the classic event has gone to several redoubtable statesmen. Lord Rosebery is still a young man for he was born on May 7, 1848, so that it was his birthday on Monday last. He began his turf career when he had reached his majority and strange to say he bought a colt in 1869 called Ladas to try and win tbe Derby, but he was unplaced to Pretender. In 1875 he again had a try, for he purchased a colt known as Couronne de Fer for 2500 guineas, only to see him beaten by George Frederick. Five years later he slipped Town Moor, but he was unequal to tho task, and finished third to Bend Orr and Robert the Devil. Of late years his colours have not been seen so frequently on the tnrf, but he has always kept up a choice little breeding stud at Mentmore. Lord Rosebery's present colt Ladas wa' bred at Mentmore, and is by Hampton out of Illuminata. He ran four times as a two-year-old, winning on each occasion. His first essay was in the Woodcote Stakes at Epsom, when he won JE925. Next came the Coventry Stakes at Ascot, value JJ1673 ; and then tho Champagne Stakes at Doncaster, value. £1250. Up to this time ha had run as the colt by Hampton — Illuminata. He was now named, and, as Ladas, won the Middle Park Plate, the chief event for two-year-olds, value £1915. He is trained at Newmarket by M. DawBon, and was ridden in each of his engagements by Arthur White. Matchbox, , who ran second, started a similar number of times, winning three races, whilst there are not any records of Athlono's doings on the turf. Primavera, which won Aspendale Park Handicap recently, is an aged mare by Vespasian from Primula, by Yattendon, and has seen service at the stud. In 1892 she foaled a colt to M'Callum Mohr, and was served by him again last year, so that Bhe is somewhat of a rival to old Maid of Australia. An illustration of the riBks incurred by a steeple chase rider is afforded in the fact that Mr. Frank B. Atkinson, the well-known and successful English amateur, has dislooated his shoulder over a dozen times within the last five years. It is somewhat of a coincidence that the first flat race of the season this year in England was won by a horse ridden by Charley Woods, whilst his brother lsnded the same event last year. The pedigrees of winners at the Rosehill race meeting on Saturday are as follow : Plain Bill, by Sweet Willinm — Myra ; Ccala, by Hawthorden— Croehette ; Florae, by Tasman— Rubina s Moscow, by Julian Avenel— -Zephyr ; Sneaker, by The Star '—Cossack mare ; Private Still, by Winchester — Viola. By the way, the recent victories of Theophilus and Plain Bill should serve to bring Sweet William into prominence. The stout son of Yattendon is a wonderfully shaped horse with immense power and shbstance, and it must not be forgotten that he is bred on very much the same lines as the mighty Chester, Sweet William is now the pro perty of Mr. Frank Reynolds. I am told that the well-performed country horse Laureate is to be tried over hurdles in Sydney. Finding it useless to at present to persevere with the racehorse Master Grand, Tom Cush has returned the beautiful black to his owner, who in tends giving him a short rest in the hope that his poor feet will grow calloused. In place of Master Grand Cush has taken up that horse's half brother, by Splendor out of Black Swan, and a very power ful, gentlemanly-looking follow he is, but I am sorry to say he has been down on his knees, though the injury may be nothing more than an eye-Bore. Cosh has about half a score of nags in work, and they look bright and well, Mulwee particularly being a fine lengthy filly. She is half Bister to The Qaeon, Master Grand, and Lady Trenton, and she should possess the family gift of galloping. A rather remarkable circumstance occurred in connection with the second day of the Hay races. Foir of the winners on the first.day, viz., Carlsbad, Hands Up, Geraldine, and Pointsman, were also successful in winning races, on tho second day. Punters had a rosy time at the meeting, cach winter on both dais being first favourite, Tho manner in which tho gallant little Utte carried lOst. 31b. into second place in the Flying Handicap at Rosehill on Saturday afternoon, stamped tho daughter of Martini-Henri and Uralla as about the best animal over tho distance in the colony at present. Mr. O.xenlmm had a substantial punt on the mare, but the weight found her out in the last few strides, and she was beaten halfa lcngth. Utter is one of tho very few horses sold by tho late Hon. James White that has done any thing to pay its way. Mark Twain, Sterling, Bingara, and Merchant all fell in the jumping races run at tho Rosehill meeting, and the circumstance says but little for tho ability of our timber toppers, and as Broker has been running very prominently in Victoria and could not get a place at Rosehill on Saturday it is evident tbat there aro not many champions over the border just at present. Florrie has incurred 51b. penalty, as the result of her Rosehill May Handicap win, for Queen's Birth day Cup. It would seem that the death knell of pedestrian ism hns been sounded in the Tamworth district, judging by the following epitaph which has been published in one of tho local papers : — ' Sacred to the Memory of honest footracing, which after suffer ing mnny and oft recurring assaults inflicted by its votarips in Tamworth succumbed to two violent attacks uiado upon it on the Oval, on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, May 8 and 9, 1891. — R.I.P.' 0 unexpected stroke ! Must I thus leave thee Paradise, Thus leave theo, native Oval? These happy walks and shades, How shall I part, And whither wander down ? Tho Duke of Portland's Amiable, who, as re ported by cable, won the One Thousand Guinea Stakes at Newmarket, was bred by her owner. She ran nine times as a two-year-old, being successful on two occasions, viz., in the Spring Two- year-old Stakes, of JS32?, at Newmarket Second Spring Meeting, and the Prince of Wales' JPJate, value £1000, at York. She was placed on several occa sions. Jeweller has again entered Monaghan's stable at Randwick. Mr. E. T. Barnard, the well-known Victorian handicapper, drew the first prize in Tattersall's May Day Cup consultation in Brisbane. The Queensland-bred horse Buckwheat, which ran at the recent Tamworth race meeting, has joined Monaghan's string at Tamworth. Warminster, who ran second to Florrie in the Rosehill May Handicap, is by Grandmaster out of Little Queen, and is consequently own brother to the Singleton horse Schoolmaster. Warminster was at one time trained by Pat. M'Cartby, at Morpeth, but he soon grew tired of the chestnut and Bent him home. Evidently the long-backed fellow has come on during his sojourn at Warwick Farm. For originality the Americans are quite as notice able as the Irish are for impromptu wit. The latest I have dropped acrosB, which is not only interesting and important to horsey men but at the same time edifying, has emanated from a veterinary surgeon in the States. It informs those not at present conversant with the mouth of the horse how to tell its age, and iB well worth remem bering : — To tell tbo age ot a horse, Inepoct the lower jaw, of conrso; The elxtb iront tooth the tale will tell, And every doubt and (ear dispel. Two middle ' nippers ' you behold Before the colt is two weeks old. Before eight weeks two more will come; Before eight months the 'corners' out the gam. The outside grooves will disappear From middle two in just one year. In two -cars, from the spcond psir ; In three, the corners, too, are bore. At two the middle ' nippers ' drop, At three tbe second pair can't stop ; When four years old tbe third pair goes, At five a full new set be shows. The deep black spots will pass from view At Bix years from tbe middle two ; The second pair at seven years. At eight tbe spot eaoh ' corner ' clears. From middlo ' nippers' upper jaw At nine the black spots will withdraw, The second pair at ten are white. At eleven finds the ' corners ' light. : As time goes on the horsemen know The oval teeth three-sided grow ; They longer get, project before Till twenty, when we know no more. By the steamer Tasmania, which arrived this week from New Zealand, the well- known trainer George Wright arrived. He had under his care the racehorses Quadrant, by Robinson Crusoe from Radiance; Acone, by St. Leger from Aimee; The Dancer, by Sword Dance from Vivandiere; and Three Star, all of whom are engaged in the S. T. C. Queen's Birthday meeting. The horses were landed iu capital condition. F. Lawton, a well-known English steeplechase rider and trainer, put up a remarkable record at tho Market-Rasen meeting on March 31. There were six races on the card, and Lawton, who did not have a mount in the first, rode the winers of the other five, three steeplechases and two hurdle races. Camocla is to. be treated to a twelve months' spell,' but hiB full btother Carlist has been put into work at Randwick. The well-performed horse The Friend will shortly be sent to India, Mr. S. G. Cook having disposed of him to a buyer for that market. A friend who knows his way about tells me that he is confident Hurrah has seen his best day, and that he bears every evidence of being affected in the throat. It may be remembered that at the recent Queens land Turf Club meeting the well-known mare Splendide weighed in after winning the May Stakes 3£lb short, and was therefore disqualified. The stewards referred the matter to the Q.T.C. com mittee, which has held frequent meetings and taken a lot of evidence. It was decided at noon on Monday to disqualify the mare Splendide and her trainer P. Nolan for 12 months. Nothing was done about the jockey, Frank Smith, there being no evidence against him. It is worthy of note that the jacket (green body and red saBh) which Associate has been recently carrying to victory is the identical one that Tom Hales wore on his first visit to thiB side of the Murray many years ago. The jacket, which ori ginally belonged to Mr. Ryan, a well-known old time racing man, was given by Hales to Yeomans, who has kept it idle until quite lately. Though a bit faded, it is in good repair, and looks good for any number of battles yet. I wonder if it is the aame jacket that Hales wore when he rode the late Mr. T. J. Ryan's horse The Ace in the Melbourne Cup in 1872, when he bad the bad luck to run second to the late John Tait's The Quack ? Evao if it is that identical Vit of silk it is much more modern than the old satin jacket in the possession ?' of Mr. William Curtis, of Singleton, to which I referred some twelve months back. That, strange to say, is also green, and is a genuine relic of the olden days, for it was carried in Maitland by Cassandra, dam of Yattendon, I am afraid to Bay how many years ago. It was somewhat of a co incidence, too, that the first time I saw it the jacket was worn by the rider of a mare called Cassandra, but that was at Singleton. The old satin banner is naturally getting somewhat the worse for wear, for it has passed through many hands and has had many narrow escapes through flood, field, and. fire, indeed in a conflagration from which it was rescued the cap which formerly accompanied it was destroyed. Tho jacket is £ English manufacture, and haB one of those high Medici-like collars with w^ich Herring's racing , pictures have made us familiar. When Candid won her last race at the recent Cali fornia J. C. meeting, the daughter of Splendor and , Canary is credited with running a mile and a quarter in 2.8:}, and as she beat Gilead, who is much fancied for the Kentucky Derby, somewhat easily when conceding him 21b., the Australian mare's performance was highly thought of. A faithfnl chroniclcr of tho meeting grows eloquent over ths black filly's pace, pluck, and stamina, and gives if; as his opinion that she is well worth twice the sum paid for her, 3000 dollars, The English-bred horse Rotlierill, by Lord Clifden — Laura, who shared with The Rover the honour of bpgetting the Derby dead-heater St» Gatien, died recently in America, where he wns a failure at the stud. An incident which occurred in connection with the Selling High Weight Handicap, run at North ampton on Wednesday, April 4, served to revive discussion as to starting price in the event of a. horse winning a race which had previously beea run to a 'no start.' In the case referred to Absentee was first, Vernier second, and Curtain Lecture third. The race had to be run over again,, and was then won by Boaz, who had not gone away to the false start. In the second ' go' Little Chris,, who had started the first time, was a non- starter. Layers and backers, as on former similar occasions,. were at variance as to whether those who backed Boaz should be paid according to the quotations at the time of the false start or at the time of the actual race starting. A ruling to govern such cases was clearly laid down by the committee of Tattersall's and the Newmarket Rooms, which provided that the original quotations must be considered tha starting price, and that a horse starting the first time and declining the second must be considered a starter. George Frederick, the English Derby winner, now at the head of the Seagram stud in Canada, is not allowed to receive visitors in his present quarters;. A reporter recently saw tho horse, and found him so vicious that he had to be kept blinded in a stall built especially Btrong for him. When taken out he is muzzled and led with a staff on both sides o£ his head. In his time he ha3 succeeded in killing two men, and, if given a ghost of a show, would surely add to his list of victims. In common with most of his dam's foals, George Frederick never was a very good-tempered herse, but he seems to be gatting worse in this respect as he gets older.. George Frederick is a chestnut horse, foaled 1871,. and is the only winner of the English Derby now in Canada. . Roy Neill, a horse for which £-1000 was paid a little time back, dropped dead while exercising in England a few weeks ago. The up-country horses Geraldine and Cobargo are expected to pay the metropolis a visit at an early date. The New Zealand stallion Wilberforce was kicked a few days ago, and died from the injuries, Philson's yearling brother will, it is said, be brought to Sydney soon, and join Mr. D. O'Brien's string at Randwick. Ultimatum will probably accompany him, but Tasman is destined for service at Wellington Park' stud. . Jnst before the mail left a wager of £600 to £400 was .laid on Ladas, Bullindon, Matchbox, and Son o' Mine ' mixed' for the Derby. The taker of the odds in this case must be considered to be 'stand- ing on velvet,' seeing that Lsdas's price for the Derby is now 13 to 8 on. The New Zealand bred filly Day Dream II. was a starter for Earl Spencer's Plate, five farlongs, run at the Northampton and Py tchley meeting on April 3\. Day Dream II. carried 8st 61b, and was backed , at 100 to 7, but could get no nearer than seventh in a field of 10. The winner was the Duke of Port land's filly Mrs. Butterwick, a daughter of St* Simon. Mr. S. Miller has been somewhat fortunate ia connection with the Melbourne Hunt Club Autumn Steeplechase. When Elfie won in his colours on Satuiday it was the third consecutive victory attained by the stable in this event, Orangemani having won it in 1892 and 1893. 