Notes of the Week. Bohemia Downs station, in the Macarthur River district, is said, on very reliable authority to be mustering its cattle with a view to their removal and the abandonment of the station. Evidently the cattle export isn't much use to Bohemia Downs. Mr. Coop, of Calvert Downs, is reported as having had a stone spear thrown into him in a very off-handed manner. It is not stated what became of the blackfellow. The proposed mail to which our telegrams refer is the service between Adelaide and Port Darwin, and Gibbs; Bright & Co. are of course moving in the interests of the E. and A. S.S. Co., whose ships have practically carried the mails for nothing for years past. We must admit that we were entirely ignorant that any 'negotiations were going on in reference to this service, but it now seems that the E. and A. Company put in a tender which was the only one, and which was rejected. A petition, signed by all the Palmer- ston merchants, was then telegraphed to our members asking them to support Gibbs, Bright & Co's. offer, and next come the particulars contained in our telegram of yesterday's date. We have applied to the Resident for information as to the nature of Gibbs Bright & Co's offer, but Mr. Dashwood deems it in- advisable at this juncture to make the facts public. It is known, however, that the Company make a point of the fact that the light dues which are now imposed here will increase their expen diture by £500 per annum. Taking that circumstance into account, and remembering how long the Company have carried the mails for nothing, they naturally ask for something better. Whether they will get it or not appears to depend upon how Mr. Dashwood views the matter, but the Resident will surely not object to make a substantial allowance on account of the light dues, even if he considers no other point worthy of being treated in a liberal spirit. Personally, we are certain that steamers will not call here and pay the dues unless they have better encourage- ment than is offered by the ordinary trade of Port Darwin. A valued correspondent, writing on the 11th, says: - " In reference to the man J. Russell, whom you referred to as having perished from thirst on the Victoria. Up to date this is not known as a fact. When his mate left him he (his mate) took only one horse, Russell having two, and, accord- ing to his mate's version, all the tucker. Russell believed the Victoria Station to lie to the westward and started in that direction, and there is just a possi- bility that he may have reached Auvergne station. He could not have been hard up for water, as he was following the Victoria River itself.. Until Mounted- Constable Wiltshire returns we shall not know if Russell has reached safety or not." The s.s. Catterthun, is due from the north, on Sunday or Monday. The s.s. Darwin is to leave for Singa- pore on Tuesday morning. Chinese processions have been the order of the week. One society, or "company," as some call them, paraded the city on Tuesday ; another lot re hearsed quietly on Wednesday; and yesterday there was a muster of all classes and "cliques," who formed themselves into a monster demonstra- tion and exhibited themselves in all their glory to the admiring gaze of the white folk and the intense delight of aboriginal humanity. This last show off was a spectacle truly worth seeing: Between 500 and 600, adults and number of children were on the march and the column stretched nearly half a mile in length. For two hours the procession was winding its way through the streets of the city, accom~ panied as usual by the cmbination of " crackers " galore, the, beating of gongs, and the music of the bands. The last few days have brought a spell of fine weather that was very welcome after the late soaking rains, and from all parts of the country come notes prognosticating an early resump- tion of the traffic and work that had to be suspended in consequence of a superabundance of water. " T¿6, ¿itèrary and* í>ebati»g Society meet to-night. , s,,,!,- , ^The Darwin is said to have a large cargo awaiting her at Singapore. ,A special telegram was. received by us yesterday announcing, that Mr. J. S. Horsfall, a former di rector, of Messrs Goldsbrough-, Mort & Co., has closed his connection with the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. and the New Zealand Land Association, and has gone back to his old firm. G. M. »fe Co. appear to have scored, a point over the transaction. , An important, salo of furniture and other things is advertised to take place on the 8th of next montn. The gooda to be offered comprise the household furniture, kitchen and dining effects, buggies and horses, and a multitude of .sundries, connected with . Pickford's Family Hotel. The Mercantile and Agency Company have the auction in. hand, and catalogues will be issued in connection with the sale. It is far from encouraging to spe old establishments like Pickford's Family Hotel succumbing to the effects of financial depression. It is a reflection upon the business of the place that is far from joyful. One by, one the European businesses have been closing their ¡doors, for good since the railway w.is completed and the, Chinese began to feel confidence in their ability to trsde on ( their, om n responsibility. Tile Chinaman ( is not a customer of hotels, and as we have no floating popu : lation of Europeans the publican's life lUiuathaye a good deal more "prospect" about vit 5than "prosperity," but precious little of either. How many -MVe ''.gone down " of recent years % The Exchange,', the Coffee Palace, the bowley,hotel, the Grove Hill, the Burrundie «pub.. Haimes' Adelaide River.''ttpuse, ajud the Maude Creek hotel-ajl() have vanished. And now to thi$ Jist must be added, we suppose," the I Family Hotel. It is depressing, truljy, to be a witness to these repeated abbreviations of our trading institu- tions, which do anything but inspire the outer world with that confidence in the place which we would all like tot see firmly and securely rooted. Chinese tributers. on Jones Bros.* claim at Pine Creek obtained another nice little " nest-egg " this week, when a small parcel of stone yielded at the rate of 4ozs gold to the ton": Just on ,7 inches, of, rain felLat Port Darwin during Friday, Saturday and Sunday last. ., ,'. Mr. F. A. Maraun was to be married yesterday. : .t î ! Mr. Justice Dashwood has now been instructed to preside at the Licensing Court as well as at the Police, Local, and Supreme courts. Two labour lenders of Adelaide have been presented with an opportunity to increase their knowledge of hard work \- in gaol. "Probably they, ; richly de-, served it, but nevertheless the incar- ceration of a couple of the mob vriU not mend matters to any extent, ^e labour party, or at all events that sec.-, tion of it which is always out on strike and looking for work, is gradually cultivating a wholesome contempt for threats of .gaol. Imprisonment for inciting to riot is beginning to be re- garded as a species of martyrdom, and a bridle-track to. a seat in Parliament. Labpur'léaders* in gaol will soon be to, a portion of the labouring world, w,hat the Irish political prisoners w.ere in, the estimation of their constituent's. News from the Macarthur received per ss Darwin announces that the dry season there has utterly broken up and caused a desire on the part of pastoralists to return their cattle to their inland pastures. Already, the. rainfall has reached - 28 inches for the season, which is remarkably good for that part of the country, and when the Darwin left the weather was still very unsettled. The Macarthur River, our correspondent- informs us, has been higher than for a number of years Deist;. Parliamentary ..proceedings- will occupy "'th« attention of the Port Darwin Debating and Literary Society at the Town Hall this evening, the order of business being as follows (1) Presentations of petitions; (2) Asking questions without notice, and giving notices of motion ; (3) Ques- tions on notice ; (4)' Orders of the day. The lion, member for West Torrens (Mr. Vi V. Brown) will then resume the adjourned debate on the resolution moved by the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands, viz., «'That iu the opinion of this Hon. House it is inadvisable that the Crown shall part with the fee simple of any further lands'.'of the colony." The Chief Secretary (Hon. H. H. Adcock) will also move-"That this House affirms the advisableness of electing future Governments'by a vote of the whole House.".; "An evening with Dickens" con- sisting of selections from the works of that author rendered by several mem- bers of the Debating and Literary Society, drew together an audience of between fifty and sixty persons at the Town Hall, on tlie 9th irist., including quite a number of lady visitors. It is matter for regret 'that' the readings selected w«»re Jhivsoitie instances far too tong, and altogether too numerous, which faults threw':* 'damper ort what ?would otherwise have been à success- ful meeting. While' the selections from a literary point of view were all that could be desired; it is still unfor- tunately quite possible to' have just a little too much of'á'good thing.' The length of the mating became tiresome, and those readers whose lot it was to lie towards the end of the list.must liave keetily felt the disadvantage of reading to a diminishing and weary audience. The members who read the various pierces acquitted themselves generally with credit, and mauy of the. selections w^rerj yery .well received., fiongs by Messrs. Price^and Situs,', and a duet by Messrs. Dobinson and Pricey added greatly to the evening's enter- tainment. Mrs. Harwood very., kindly assisted with an overture and accom- paniments, and' at íne "conclusión of the meeting whs accorded ¿'^very hearty vote of thánksj'í- i u >r ?; How often wft hear people say that nothing will grow in the Norttierii Territory, but do many'^persons eyer father to see'for themselves what is growing here. The orange, for ex- ample, has been condemned right and left as a tree that will fall an easy and ?certain prey to the white ant. And not without reason, either, because we have witnessed the destruction of a good many trees of ;this species iii our time. The late Joseph Skelton had a fine tree in his back yard which bore him one crop of capital oranges and then tumbled into ruins. At South- port, in the Telegraph yard, there were some trees which Itore several crops, but eventually yielded up the ghost as a result of white ant ravages. Again, at Springvale we saw some-beautiful oranges on apparently sound trees, 'but there, too, the ants claimed them. Instances like this are not encouraging, but every cloud has a silver lining, and so with the cultivation of the orange ijiere must be some means, of combat üns these voracious insects. In a 'Chinese garden at Mindil Beach there isa clump of orange trees which look as healthy as could l»e desired and bear annually. They are eight; years old and bear fruit that is abundant, large, juicy, of good flavour, and thin-skinned, with the peculiarity aliout if that". i,t ripens green,instead of the rind turning ithe 'orthodox yellow, The trees are planted in a position which during the trains is.particulárly moist; the soiîih 'the gully being; chiefly sea,'saiid. 'No' dotfbt constant manuring; has improved ?the character Of the soil, but' anyhow 'there ühey are as healthy and sound as. can 'be, tgrowing in conVpany '\yith' lemons, soursops, guavás, custard apple, sugar cane, and the multitude of other things which the Chinese cram into a garden patch. Halwkers have been, vending the oranges in small Tots at the remunerative price of Is 9d per dozen. A deputation consisting of several persons interested in boats waited upon the Government Residen*/ on Tuesday afternoon in his character as representative of the Marine Board, to see whether something could be done towards cleansing the mud flat lying between Fot$ Hill and Stokes Hill of the unsightly mangrove stumps mid rotting hulks1 that now cumber it, it being urged " that the stumps, especially, are a constant source of danger to boats anchoring on the flat. It was pointed out that the work of removal could be carried put at a com* paratively trifling cost. Mr. Dash- wood promised to .consult with the Harbour Master (Capt. Marsh) and see what could be done towards meet- ing the wishes of ' the deputation. The subject of a carriage road connect- ing'the town with the Railway Jetty was then introduced by the deputation, it being pointed out that the want of such a facility had been a serious annoyance and iuconvenience for several years .past. The deputation suggested'that á report should be pre- pared showing the approximate cost of making such a road. The Govern- ment Resident, whilst admitting the desirability <df the proposed work, thought it was a matter which, strictly speaking, should lie d«vlt with by the District Council, but at the same time he would see what could be done towards obtaining the required estimate of cost. There was no doubt such a road was badly needed, and.if it could be constructed at a moderate post he thought the Government would readily fall in with any definite pro- posal to that end on the part of the J)istrict Council. The ss Darwin arrived on Monday from Borroloola. An offer of lots in the township of Playford is to be made at the Lands Office, Palmerston, on the 28th March, {he upset price being £10 per acre, An instance of Northern Territory mine " management " of curlier days : The. mtâiaget- started works of develop ment by surrounding himself with relatives, and the three took £1200 a year between them for wages. One ran a store ou the mine, for the con- venience of the men, no doubt. If an employee dealt with Palmerston store- keepers he was very gently but very firmly acquainted with the fact that the boss had a store at the mine, and if, a man ¡didn't buy at that he could look for work somewhere else. The miue in this case was British-owned, but the "cow " was soon milked dry. Since the earthquake shock which we reported last week, several persons testify to having felt other shocks, but milder. Imagination, however, has probably been at work. All the European business people of Palmerston signed the petition praying that no pearling licences lie issued to Asiatics, and the interesting document is now on its way to our members. The Port Darwin Mercantile and Agency Company are now calling for tenders for the purchase of the prem- ises known as Pickford's Farpily Hotel and the freehold on which the build- ings stand. This, we might remark, is another disquieting sign of the times. Natives are reported to lie killing cattle almost in the township of Borro- loola. Publicans at Borroloola appear to be no tuore secure from the lynx-eyed law- preserver, than the Palmerston boniface who got into trouble over a raffle Our correspondent provides a couple of instances, and the particulars , in Martin's case are interesting read .o ing. Wie are informed by a Pine Creek correspondent that the Government Resident has informed R. Richardson (the discoverer- of diamonds at the Cullen) that he will be allowed, a 40 acre block, or twice, the extent of ground that' anyone else may take up in one application. The Act entitled lum to 80 ácreSj but fearing that he might become too Iteastly rich with so much - ground the Minister used his prerogative and cut the size of diamond blocks, down to 20 acres. Richardson^ was ; understood in this fiat, and we ventured at the time to express the opinion that the discoverer was being rather shabbily treated. The 40 acres allowed him should lie enough for all practical purposes-if there are any diamonds within the boundaries. If not it's just 40 acres too much for anyone. In any case, it is a good sized area for a man to undertake to prospect for precious stones. Ricliarc' . son bas pegged out his allowance. It may not be generally known that at Melbourne recently Messrs. W. F. and N. Buchanan's stations-Wave Hill in; the Northern Territory, and Elvira in Western Australia-were submitted to auction. The* result was that the Wave Hill run fell to the bid of 15s. per head for the cattle (every- thing else being thrown in), and the Elvira for a bid which was intended to represent 14s. per head, but which was in reality only 4s. per head. It should lie explained in the latter connection that when the station was put up the auctioneer was instructed to add the border tax to the cattle, and according- ly he put on £1 per head, whereas, to be correct, the added tax should have lieen 30s. for each animal. The cattle fetched 34s. per head including the £1 tax,: and at that figure the run was knocked. down. Both stations fell to the bid of W. F. Buchanan, and we understand that N. Buchanan retires from the partnership as a result of the si le! The cattle export doesn't seem to» lie,,lifting the value of Northern Territory cattle at all. '" We are pleasantly surprised at the information which comes from an official source to the effect that the upset price on township allotments has lieeiii reduced to £10 per acre, to be on fin equal with the South Australian charge. Hitherto the Northern Territ- ory price was £40 per acre, evidently put on by a land nationalist Minister. At one time it was probably believed to be only necessary to offer Northern Territory township lands to have buyers tumbling head over heels in their endeavours to secure them, and fearing the grabbing greed of the monopolist who holds for a rise the then Government pitched the price at £40 per acre. Sad to relate the boom never blossomed forth. There was just a suspicion of excitement in town land when .the railway was building, but,the upset price kept the money in the pockets of many who might other- wise haye speculated-and regretted it. There is no longer any immediate fear of a boom, and perhaps the same land nationalisation instincts do not exist in ministerial circles ; therefore the upset price is reduced as aforesaid. What no one up north could under- stand was why £40 per acre was de- manded for Territory town lands when the official value of town lands in South Australia was only £10 for the same area. Is it possible that the climate had anything to do with it 1 At the Police Court on Tuesday, before His Honor Mr; Justice Dash- wood, a Chinese fisherman named Cheung Lun was brought up on remand charged with assaulting one Low Que, a Chinese barber in China Town, on the evening of the 14th inst. It was shown that the prisoner entered the prosecutor's shop and quarrelled with him about the payment of some money owing to the barber ; in the midst of the wordy war the prisoner suddenly drew a knife from his; belt and stabbed the prosecutor in twp places, one being a dangerous\wpund Severing one of the facial arteries, aird the other a slight wound in the left ¡leg, The prosecutor was subsequently attended hy Dr. O'Flnherty. iPrisoner was arrested by M.-C. 'Campbell, at Mindil Beach, early on the morning following the assault. Prisoner .was committed to take his trial at the next Circuit frwrfc. 