Bulloch Lade & Co.'s 8 year old Highland whisky can bo had at all hotola, and wholoRnlo only from Perkins A Co., Ltd., Brisbane. 3730 Tiir following have boon adjudicated inflol- vi-nt William O'Lenry. Muogar. timber- 'flttor. in forma niuinrris. and John .Tnmnn Spalding, Sandato, enrpentor. A potition has '"on filed for tho liquidation of tbo ostato of Mr. Miehnol Leonard Lavin, general Btore l eoper, Roma. Liabilitioa, .£511 lis. lOd. Wy havo received n enpy of tbo Juno nnm« bor of tho Tim Lamp, tbo oldest Roman Catholic mneozino in Eusland, which has hnon nhtftblishcd over 70 years. It haR as its 'rontcHpieco an excollcnt picturo of tho Right Hov. John Hutchinson, O.S.A., Lord Bishop of Conktown. and tho first articlo is entitled " Calholinity in Queensland," and contains a biographical sketch of tbo Prolate, besides n historical sketch of tho title sobjeot. which mainly relates to North Queensland. The articlo is wolt written, but ono sontonco will bo recclrnd with a smile— viz., " So Savage aro some parts of Australia' that daring tho last i <en years two nnd three percent of tho pooplo havo heoo eaten by tho cannibals." The periodical contains many excellent illustra tions of Irish scenery, particularly on tho coast of Antrim. In early youth Mr. Labouchero and a well known occleiastio were driving to tho Derby, and Labouchero was laying down tbo law in his n»nal didaotlo manner on tho varions chances of tho horses ongaged. Onohorso, wo forget which, mot with littlonpprcciation from Mr. Labouohor, who offorcd to lay bis "soul 0 a sixpence " against tbo horse's chance. Tho future light of tbo Church leaned toward and crashed Labonuhero by asking him if he did not think ho was ofTering " rather short odds." Mr. Wilson Barrett, wlion ho was leBsoo of the old Amphitheatre nt Leeds, rocoivod a lottsr from a wonld-bo Garrick, of which tho following is a literal transcript:— "Doar Sir, — 1# want to bo an aotor. I am not at all satiefiiid with my prcsont position. I am em ployed in a coal mino, but I want to riRo in tho world. I am tirad of tho coal mino, and, having heard that good wages aro to bo mado on the stago, I want to came out.' My height is five feet two, and my politics is Radiclo. i should Iiko to play Hamlet if you would bo tbo Ghost." A htkanok occurrence is reported from tho district of Using Ilnoohow, whore thoro are oxtonsivo coal workings, A party of minora recently struck an ancient shaft, whoro history records that a groat catastroplio occurred 100 years ago, tho records bolug preserved amongst 1 no local arohivos. The miners, on reopening this old shaft, camo upon 170 bodios of tho former workers, lying where thoy had been ovorcomo with foul gas four centuries back. Tbo corpses were as if thoso of yostorday, quito fresh-looking, and notdeoayod in any way. Tho faces wore Iiko those of mon who had only justified. On on attempt being mado to movo them outside for burial, thoy ono and all crumbled nway, leaving nothing but a pilo of dust and the remnants of tho stronger parts of their clothing. Tho minors, terrified, fieu from the spot, and though there wore vatualilo deposits of coal in the Rhaft nothing would induce tho superstitious men to return to their work. Wf. beg to remind onr readers that tho Salo of Drapery which was oponed on Satnr- day by Mr. f. K. Lamb at Hodgson's Buildings is now in full swing. Every article has undergono a most morcilops reduction in prico.and tho gonuinonoss of tho Salo is most apparent. > 33 PitoFiTADLE Poultry for 1895.— Eggs tor natch 1 tig now ready: Langshans, champion t>irD,D' " ran Lyer, excellent tablo fowls ; I lymnnth Rocks, good albpurposo breed ; Drown Leghorns, very handsome, prolific layers. Eggs of aither of abovo variotios 21s. u a Por clutch. Indian G imo, tho oi'it tablo fowls in cxistonco, very massivo, and tho flesh oxquii-ito in flavor. Eggs, 30a. indite. Eight chicks guaranteed from each sitting. W. A. No»LB, Nowtown Poultry Farm, Toowoomba. .182G The following conversation was overheard between two Scotchmen in Margaret-street a day or two ago:— Sandy: "Jock, mon, do ye ken wfaanr to get a gla«s o' guid Scotoh whus« k'/y r Jock: "Do I ken? Do I no ken? Why at Carrigg's, you gowk, whaur yooan get MaodonoH's real anlri 1 Long John ' whns key a' tho way from Ben Nevis." Tho two then retired to Carrigg's, and after about half-an-hoar thoy emorgod looking very jolly, nssariog ono another that it was just " Gran, mon ; gran." Wo nndorstand that this is tho only hotel in town where yon can obtain tbia .elebratcd whiikoy. .810 Thjh is tho sort of pleasant weather when one. metaphorically speaking, fools inolinod to "jump over tho mooo." Thoso who load sedentary fives are strongly reoommondod to tnko oxorciso, and a walk out Humo-strcot this weather, as far as Mr. Henry Horzer's charm ing vineyard, will provo beneficial In a dual manner. In addition to the hoalthy exercise, they can follow St. Poors famous advioo to Timothy, and "toko a little wins for their stomarjh's sake," 3 200 