Sports and Pastimes CRICKET. LAST SATURDAY'S PLAY. BOYLE AND SCuTTS' CUP. COBURG v. HAWKSBURN. VIGOROUS BATTING. IRWIN TOPS THE SEASON'S INDIVIDUAL RECORD. GREAT EXCITEMENT. The final match for Boyle and Scott's Cup for this season was resumed last Saturday afternoon, on the Richmond Cricket Ground between the Coburg and Hawksburn clubs. Owing to the heavy scoring or the Uawksburn team in their irst innings (386 against Coburg's 142), the rtsult was regarded as a certain win for the eastern men, though the north erners last Saturday week made a good start by scoring 60 runs for the loss of one wicket. Still, there was a good deal of interest felt in the contest, the Coburg supporters hoping that their men would make a respectable stand, and, at least, save the one innings defeat with which they were threatened. As a consequence there was a large attend ance. The ground was in good order. Hyde (22) anl Irwin (23), who were eent out last Saturday week, resumed their innings to the bowling of Wallace and E. Rush. Wallace opened to Hyde, and a single and a couple were scored off the first over. Irwia was very soon at wort, and in two or three overs had added 8 to his score. 4 being for a nice hit off Wallace. This bats man coutinued to do the bulk of the scoring, and added 14 to his total while Hyde was making three singles. Irwin responded by driving the same bowler for 4 a ball later. Each batsmen got a single off Rush. Wallace then bo.led the first maiden of the day to Irwilr. Hyde drove rush for 2, and 90 went up. The same batsmen drove the next. ball for a single and Irwin cut him for 2, making the total 95, or 35 runs scored in twenty minutes, which gives a good idea of the confidence with which the batsmen played, for they had not given a ghost of a sho». Irwin bit Wallace twice in succession to the off for 2 and once for a single in the same direction, and 100 went up amid cheers. Irwin followed by hitting Rush to square leg for 4, and driving him for one, which, with great enthusiasm Hyde followed by hitting the same bowler into the pavilion reserve. Several singles followed. and then Irwin hit Rush nearly over the fence and put him to leg for a single. Hyde made a single, but ought to have been run out. O'Connor returned to the other wicket. No change was made in the bowling, and runs beng quickly added, 120 went up after a little over half an hour's play, s- that the average had been about two runs per minute. With the total at 128 Taylor relieved Rush, and Irwin square cut him for 3 second ball. A slipping match occurred just here. Hyde hit to cjver point, but attempting to run slipped and fell. Then Irwin when well up to Hyde's wicket, also slipped and fell, and then Taylor fielding the ball, slipped and fell. Hyde managed to get back owing to Taylor's mishap, and he commemorated by putting in the fourth slip and fall, but happily for him behind the crease. They carried the total to 144, or just over their full score for the first innings, and then O'Grady releived 'Yallace and a couple of singles were scored off. him. Eight runs and a bye were added in Taylor's next over, and four byes and a single in O'Grady's made the total 160. One hundred runs scored in fifty minutes. Of these, Iyde had scored 28 and Irwin 6i, the remainder being sundries. The highest individual score in Boyle and Scott's Cup matches this year was 98 by Ramsay Mailer, and Irwin was now approaching this, The wicket was playing beautifully, and ?ertllhng wasin favour, of a. heavy ,score,..so. the Coburg mln were entbusiastis ias the total mounted, adid Irwin passing Mailer's record reached the century. The batsmen continued scoring with confidence and E. Rush was tried again and then Jones, the tslal at the latter change being 184. A 4 to Hyde and a couple of single- took them to 190, so that though only one wicket had fallen, there were now only 54 of the big "dead horse " of 244 to wipe off, and the one innings defeat was, "humanly speaking" averted. Immediately afterwards, how ever, H. Rush, in the slips effected a really wonderful one-handed catch off Jones, and Iroin, the batting hero, had to retire amidst a genuine burst of applause, in which all joined, both for the batsman and the fieldsman. The batsmen in the course of his long innings, did not give a possible chance, and only a couple of flukey strokes could be urged against him. 2-110-192. Dr. Mailor, the Coburg skipper, went in to carry on the yeoman work done by the previous. batsmen, but did not begin to score at once. In fact, before he had made a run, he gave Sparrow a possible chance in shabort slips. Hyde, however, added a couple of 4's, and 200 was hoisted. Mailer then scored 3 off' a very risky stroke in the slips. The scoring was. very much.. slower than when Irwin was at the wickets, and it may be remarked that he made his 110 by free .and vigorous hitting from the start. When the score stood at 237 O'Connor was tried, Flynn passed the first one but the following five deliveries he "no- balled." The trundler had to deliver 13 balls before he completed his over. The excitement here became intense and at one time it looked as if the playing arena was about to be rushed. O'Connor tried to bowl right hand, and changing it suddenly he threw in a fast one to Dr. Mailer,.who refused to strike at it, the ball breaking. the wicket clean in two. After a few minutes the excitement subsided, and the game proceeded. The following are the scores : COBURIG. First Innings Warrick, b Wallace ... 5 R. Mailer, st., b Wallace ... 7 D. Mailer b ,, ... 4 Irwin, b ,, ... 5 Robertson, run out ... 15 Hyde, c, b Wallace . . . 25 Wauchope, b Taylor ... 22 Murray, c, b Wallace ... 42 M'Innis, c, b ... 2 Patterson, not out ... 5 O'Shannessy, b Taylor ... 0 Sundries ... 10 Total ... 142 2nd Innings. Warrick, c, b Wallace ... 10 Hyde not out ... 92 Irwin,c, b Jones . ... 110 Dr Mailer, not out ... 42 Sundries ... 26 Total for 2 wickets ... 280 HAWKSBURN. 1st Innings. 8peary c, b Patterson .. ... 6 Taylor c, b O'Shannessy 2 Sparrow, b Murray ... 35 O'Grady, run out 30 Wila~e, c, b M??urray .. 63 1i. Rush c, b Patterson ... 43 O'Connor, st., b Wauchopl ... 35 Jones not out ... 78 E. Rush, c, b Murray ... 20 Lockcett, b Patterson . ... . M'Donald, run out ... 45 Sundries ... 24 Total ... 386 