FIOTION. V ROlMANCE OF THREE LIVES. [BY GERTRUDE WARDEN.] CHAPTER VII. - TIE GnRL FROM MERCIERS.—[Continued.] This last was Louisa Greet, who, peering into the drawing-room, saw the young bride, with her hands clasped behind her, gazing up at an old-fashioned crayon drawing of two beautiful children, and felt moved to act as cicerone. ' Them was Lady Fenton and her sister, Mr Maurice's mother, when they were girls. Ain't they pretty ? Alh do luv pretty faces, don't you, moom ? Lady Fenton was a beauty when she was yoong. She and her sister they was the Misses Kathleen and Norah O'Shannon, o' Dooblin. Miss Kathleen she married an Earl or soomthing - leastways, he was Sir John Gilmore,and she became my lady, and when he died and left her a yoong widow, with a little boy, Mr Marcus here, she and her sister, Miss Norah, eoom to stay oop t' Yorkshire wi' soom friends, and Mr Roubert and Mr John Fenton fell in luv wi' the pair o' 'em, an' they had a dooble weddin'. There wur another brother, William, but they're all o"em dead now. They say a Fenton always fights with a Fenton, and, eh ! but ah've seen soom fine rows oop here ! Mr Maurice, he's aboot the best- tempered Fenton ah've e'er mot, and he's like a yoong thoonderstorm when he's crossed bit. But he was brought oop first in Ireland with his moother, an' ah always think he's got a lot o' the Paddy aboot him. Full o' fun like, you know, moon. All Irishmen are like that-at least, all ah've coom across Eb, but this place would be mournfnl like wi'out him ! Ain't it a 'orrid, dull, cheerless place, moom ?' 'It's cold, certainly,' said Felice, who had been totally powerless to arrest Louisa's loud-voiced eloquence ; 'at least, the other side of the house is. But then no one seems to use that part much.' ' There's more nor one reason for that, maybe,' said Louisa, nodding her bead meaningly; ' not but what it's cold enoof to keep anyone oot o' it, let alone bein' haunted.' 'Haunted !' repeated Felice, turn- ing upon her informant with much in- terest. ' Eh-what am ah saying ? Mr Maurice he'd play 'Aamlet with me if he knew !' exclaimed Louisa. ' Playing 'Aamlet,' as Felice Lad yet to learn, was a popular expression in Clofield, suggested, no doubt, by the mischief wrought by the melancholy Dane, but in habitual use among persons who were in no way patrons of the drama, or acquainted with the I works of the ' divine William.' ' You need not be afraid of fr;ghtening me,' ,said Felice. 'I have very good nerves.' ' You'd need 'em if you lived here,' returned Louisa. 'Ah luv a ghost myself-not that ah've ever seen one; but ah luv to hear tales of 'em, creepy like, before ah go to bed. Margaret, she's the one, She's fairstalled if you so much as look to the stone quarries But this ore 'ouse is ooncanny-like. What with my lady's spirit-rapping, and the shoot oop room, and the 'ori'ible things that 'aappened 'ere seven years ago, and Mr Robert's going and coming like a Jack-in-the-box, and Mr Maurice's fits o' rage at sight o' him, and that theer old Margaret croakin' 'oot warnings, and Mr Mar cus's nervous fits when a' walks aboot white and shivery, and joomps if yer meet him, Ston.royd ain't the cheer fullest place to be alone in o' winter nights. France, where you coom from, is very gay-like, ain't it, moom ? Eh, but yer speak English well for a fur- riner!' 'Why, I was born in England. My father was an Englishman, and a Yorkrshireman, too; and I only went to live in F'rance when he died six years ago,' said Felice, with some warmth; 'and all that time I was always longing to get back here again, and used to watch the English cliffs across the sea from the sand dunes everyday. I was living in a still quieter house than this, though, Louisa, with my grandparents, and I never saw anyoneat all from week's end to week's end but the doctor and the cure, except when I went to a country town, not nearly so large as Clofield, for music lessons.' ' Eh, but that explains your marry- ing our Mr Robert, which ah never .could understand !' exclaimed Louisa, with the relieved air of one for whom a perplexing problem had been satis factorily solved. The words slipped from her without thought. The next moment she was shrewd enough to see by Felice's face that she had gone too far. 'Our Mr Robert's' wife grew very red, and turned with a certain cold dignity away. In her heart she was longing, yet dreading, to hear the full truth with regard to her husband's career—long- ing, from a characteristic wish to know and face the worst, and dreading lost that knowledge should kill all hope of friendly or even of peaceable relations .between them, But to have such information con- veyed by kitchen gossip jarred upon all Felice's notions of fitness and of refinement, and she was glad when the return of Tweedie, who came bounding over the fields from the town, turned the flood of Louisa's garrulity in the direction of canine love and faithfulness, as contrasted with the inconstancy and heartlessness of men. Household duties at length tore Miss Greet from her favourite relaxa- tion of talk. Felice had learned from her that Lady Fenton rarely appeared down-stairs until late in the afternoon, and that on this partciular occasion she had sent her daughter-in-law message begging to be excused until dinner time, as she was 'suffering from nervous prostration.' Mr Marcus Gilmore was apparently suffering from nervous prostration, too. At any rate, he made no attempt to entertain his step-brother's wife, but crept fr ,m his bedroom long after midday to his study below, where he remained crouched over the fire, consoling himself as best he might for his disappointment about William Fenton's legacy. Dinner,so Felice learned was "seeoom- where between five and eight,'-at y any hour, apparently, when any mem- ber of this unmethodical household might ask for it. Lady Fenton occa- sionally presided, but never herself ate in public. Indeed, from Margaret's description, the dowager's life was chiefly passed in her own apartment, where a fire was always burning, and where the old lady read books of devotion, and wrote letters, and composed verses, and set them to music, and thrummed them upon an old guitar, and dozed, and prosed about her youth to Louisa all through the day, and often half through the night. There was no reason, therefore, why Felice should stand upon ceremony with regard to her goings- out and comings-in at Stoneroyd, and, with the restlessness consequent upon her unsettled position, she left the house as the light began to wane, and wandered off along the lonely road at the back of the houses, past the stone quarries, in the direction of a certain picturesque stone mill of very ancient date which served as a landmark, from its lofty position, to all the country round. From the gray panorama of the great manufacturing town stretched low in the valley to the south, it seemed impossible to escape ; but as the ground rose higher and higher yet, the air from the distant moors, blowing over uninterrupted stretches of field country, fanned Felice's cheeks with its invigorating breath, making her young heart beat with renewed hopes of a happier future. That view of the distant town seemed to fascinate her, and when the stone-flagged roof and gray walls of her husband's home came close in sight, Felice, after consulting her watch, and finding it was not much past four o'clock, avoided the house, and struck across into the fields that skirted it. There existed, although she was not aware of it, a third way down to the town, besides Maurice's field-path and the high road. This was 'the little lane,' a narrow thoroughfare bordered by tall hedges, approached by a gate and a couple of steps along the road facing the lodge at Stoneroyd, and leading from thence, through devious paths, to a point not far from the busiest portion of Olofield. Here it was that Maurice, on the preceding evening, had met ' that impudent, dark girl frem Mercer',' whose parley with himself on the sub- ject of the absent Robert he had reported to Marcus, and here it was that Felice, having losther way among its fields in the gathering twilight,saw, through a gap in the hedge of that identical lane, whcih she was intending to enter in the hope that it might ' lead somewhere,' no less a person than her husband, sauntering slowly along, tapping at the outstanding branches to right and left of him with his cane, and apparently lost in thought. Felice drew back instinctively. After last night's parting, it would be very difficult to behave towards her husband as if nothing had happpened to still further complicate their strained relations towards each other. She had felt this strongly ever since that painful scene on the subject of her fortune on the preceding evening. But it was not until she saw him, no longer an idea or a memory, but a living personality before her eyes, that she understood the full force of the fact. Her experiences of the past few weeks had transformed the doubting, hoping girl, ignorant of the world and its wickedness, of the nature of men of everything, in fact, but the narrow round of her daily life, and somewhat limited reading, into a thoughtful and saddened woman. Romantic fancies, rose-coloured hopes, had given place to wounded sensibili ties and broken ideals, 'to disillusion ment, and almost to despair. Standing there, watching her husband in the -twilight, Felice suddenly realised that she was capable of hating him. The discovery came upon her as a horrible shock, revealing, as it did, that, little as she had understood bE this man's true nature, it was possible that her own was equally a sealed book to her, and that this last was tbe more dangerous ignorance of the two. So repentant did she become for the instinct which made her clench her teeth and shiver with repulsion at sight of him she had sworn so lately to love, honour, and obey, tLat she would have at once joined him in his solitary ramble, but that his voice, in a tone of relieved impatience, struck upon her ears at the moment when she was about to pass through the gap in the hedge to his side. 'At last!' Robert Fenton had be said. Was it to her, and had he seen her hesitation ? Felice's doubts on the subject were speedily set at rest as the tall figure of a showily-dressed girl came slowly up the lane from the direction of the town. ' Oh, it's you, is it ?' this latter in- quired, with real or affected disdain as :Robert Fenton barred hor progress with his stick, I'd have you know you must keep your distance, sir. If I'd have noth- ing to say to you when you were single, do you think I'll put up with your hollow love- making nonsense now you're married ? Strike's me you don't know Rosa Benson !' 'But, my dear Rosa—' 'Miss Benson, if you please, and none of your " dears !" ' 'Honoured madam, if you desire it ! What I have to explain is that my marriage was a mere matter of busi- ness, which we need not discuss here, but which has made me a rich man, therefore a thousand times more attractive in the eyes of, women. Not in yours, of course! Stony-hearted Rosa! See how constant 1 have been in my thoughts of you. I actually remembered that you left your place of business at half-past four on Saturdays and came home by' this lane, and I.' have waited here quite five minutes on the chance of meeting you.' Miss Benson replied by a contemp- tuous toss of her pretty head, and by some words which Felice could not hear, for, to her intense relief, the pair moved slowly away at this point, and began slowly walking up the lane. They had passed so close to her that but for her dark clothing and the dim light, they must inevitably have seen her, since she had made no effort at concealmentbeyond keeping motion less, in the hope that they would move by without remarking her. The whole incident wounded her deeply, as was but natural; but as Robert's whole conduct since his wedding had been in keeping with that little interlude with Flemish Marie in the Chateau Desjardins on his bridal eve, it would be hardly true to say that it caused her much sur- prise. But that he should openly boast of his marriage as a 'business arrange- ment,' by which he had acquired a certain amount of ready money, to good-looking, bold-eyed members of her own sex- this struck poor Felice to the quick. Tears rushed to her eyes as, in bit- ter humiliation of spirit, she turned her back on the hedge, and tried, in the quickly gathering darkness, to grope her way back to the house. The ground was treacherously marshy in some parts, and, with tear blurred eyes straining through the mist, she could no longer distinguish the outline of Stoneroyd on the brow of the hill. Her sudden access of hopefulness and buoyancy had deserted her. That bitter sense of wrong, of undeserved suffering and ill-treatment, so hard for young minds to endure, assailed her now ; and as her feet slipped and splashed in the moist, irregular ground her physical discomfort seemed only a necessary part of the dreary present and dreary future. She had missed her way, and knew not which path to follow. The winter wind blew keenly, and lights began to gleam out of the dark, irregular masses which expressed the distant town. Weary and heartsick, Felice stumbled on, as it seemed to her, for an indefinitely protracted period, but in reality some ten minutes longer, until, discerning a fence a few yards below, she was making for it, when a man's voice, vigorously shouting, arrested her steps. ' Hi! Stop ! You're walking into the beck! Stand still until I come and lead you into the road.' Felice obeyed, as she distinguished the stalwart form of a man looming towards her through the wet and windy darkness. ' Treacherous fields these are, if you don't know the way. There's a deep beck down there, this side of that pal- ing. I've walked into it myself before now. Now, in which direction do you wish to go?' ' To 8toneroyd,' answered Felice, who had long ago recognised the voice as Maurice Fenton's. ' Good Heavens, is it-yes, it is you, Mrs Fenton. To think you should be losing your way in this quagmire! A few steps more, and you would have been in the water! Have you been out long? ' ' Yes; two or three hours, I think.' Her voice sounded faint and weary. There was more than mere physical fatigue in the weakness, and in the dispirited drooping of her whole figure, as in silence she laid her hand on his proffered arm, and let him lead her home. ' This is the shortest way, of course, he explained; 'although the "little lane " is the cleanest and safest.' 'We will go the. field way,' she said, hastily. And Maurice, who a short time belore had caught sight of his cousin Robert and 'the girl from Mercer's' flirting in the lane, guessed, with sympathetic intuition, that Felice had seen them too, and glowed with the tenderest and most chivalrous pity for her, and with fiery indignation against her husband. 'One more item, and a very large one, in my score against you, Master Robert!' he said to himself, as he caught a glimpse in the hull at Stone royd of Felice's tear-reddened eyelids : ' and some day it shall most certainly be paid in full !' (To be continued ) 