A GOALBAGGIE MYSTERY. About three years ago Peter Stein, a bardhftaded, practical, ft ugal German, sold property he possessed in the Wagga district, and with bis family came to Dubbo, in Bearch of land He and bis eon Jacob, a young man now 28 years of age, took up two areas of 2560 acres each on the Coalbagfile 1 . The selections Bre on he South Balladoran run, and rather isulated. Jacob's selection is on the southern part of the run, and there WAB when it was taken up an old hut upon it. In this at firBt lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Sieln, two adult sons, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. He hid been rear ad by the Steinp, and was as one of the family. He was much attached to them aud they to him. Jacob determined to build the site of the hut, while Pdter com- menced the erection of a commodious residence on hiB land, about three miles away. The Steins were, however, no sooner settled down—the father and iamily in their aew house and Jacob at bis hut—than they heard at night strauge voices, loud cooeyiogs, And awful screamings. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travellers or homeward proceeding selectors, more merry han sensible, they took little notice of tbem. Tuese sounds were only heard at intervale—a !or<uight or three weeks intervening between •heir occurrence. They, however, took place to regularly—fcr they were at one time heard it Jacib S einV, and again at the father's— that the idea of noisy roysterers, making night 'liaeous witifc their noises, was given up. About 18 months ago there were further developments, and, according to the family, •itrauge manifestations. The furniture in Peter Stein's house became as possessed. It jumped * bout "in all directions, and on one occasion 'he crash of crockery was something decidedly extraordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein was taking in the kitchen one day, and after she *iad her dongh prepared to be placed In the >ven an invisible hand caught It up and tossed It on the floor. These thinga have kept on •om then till now, but with the further development that the person responsible— whether spirit of Heaven or goblin damned— las frfqueotly interviewed, and has had conversations with, tho several members of the family. Evidently the presence is not of the regular type, ior it does not wait till the " witching hour when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth," but comes along in broad lay light, and talks to a family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined, [u reply to a question from Peter Stein, the invisible visitor has said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother, who was named Annie, and his sister, who vas called Julia, were burnt to death on the South Balladoran run, that his father died in the Cootamundra Hospital eighteen years ago, that he ( he speaket) had been bit upon the head and left dead on the road, that he bad been saved, and had subsisted upon herbs ind weeds. Upon beine asked to show almself by the elder Stein, he replied hat if he did, those who saw him would ; aint, for they bad never seen anything ike him before. According to the Steins,— VND all, from the father to the youngest child tell the same round unvarnished tale— the visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff manly voice and sometimes as softly as a woman— indeed it would be difficult to distingnish his ;oice from a girl's. The dogs about the p'.ecj seem to know when it is coming—although 'he Steins cannot see it, they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and one articular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one oerformed all kinds of pranks. It cast omahnwkB and knives about, with the grac of an Indian juggler, and npset pots, chairs, *nd other articles !of domestic economy. Oae light, while the fainilv were engaged reciting the Rosary—they are Riman Catholic, nnd retain the simple devotional habits of the Rhineland—tbe table round which they knelt was <addenly lifted towards the ceiling and then dlowed to come down with a heavy ihud. S"> mnoylng have been the manifestations that Kelly, the young fellow who came from Wagga vith one Steins,haslefttbe place. Another man named Bowden, employed by them, has also left saying that if he were given tho selection is would not live there. Tbe whole thing is jertainly mysteriou-, but, however the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our Informant states, the slightest doubt that every one of tho family thoroughly be: levee what he tell*, and each from the youngest child to the father of tbe family has the samf STORY to tell. Mrs. Stein, who is an Eiglisb ady with no tendency to the puperstitions, is ns'convinced as she is of her existence that •he place is haunted. A f«w d«ys aeo, &<• Peter Stela's request, the Very R>v. Father Byrne visited tbe selection, and though during the night and day he spent there he saw ox heard nothing, he investigated as far as possible -he affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that the S'ein'a are believers that they are being annoyed by a power which can act materially, talk l-'ke a man or woman, all the time beinr invisible. The affair is ext'ocrdisary, i a 89«rchiog Inquiry should take place.— Dubbo Dispatch. A FAIB BEMTTIPOL SKIN.—Sulptoline S.S giveB the natural tint and peach -like Bloom of » perfect Complexion; caak^s tbe Skin smo.-.th, snpDle, healthy, .comfortable. Wiil^ol'me 6d. Tablets. Everywhere.—[ADVT.] 