Confessions of a Newly Elected M.P. Written for the " Argus." " You haven't a ghost of a show, old man," was the expressed opinion of many of my bo-called friends, when I announced to them my intention of offering my services to the voters of Aidera, at the recent N.S.W. general election. This was the reason given : Mr. Frank Gillard, who for seven years previously had sat in the Macquarie- street talking shop as the represent ative . of the farmers, graziers and storekeepers comprising the suffraged portion of the fertile district of Aidera, had, I was told, so endeared himself to the community that on no aocount would they bring themselves to reject him. " Why man," said one of my advisers, " the electorate is Gillard's till the day of his death." " Will you bet on it ?" asked I. " Ye-es 1" " A level tenner ?" "Done!" I don't think the Electoral Act makes betting on these lines a crime, though the past common practices of hat-betting, drink-bribery and so on are so rigidly legislated against. Neither does the act make diplomacy. an offence. I calculate that I tore the seat from the grasp of Gillard by brilliant diplomacy, no more, no less. On the Aidera roll are the names of 1,870 voters. Aidera was granted eight polling-booths. After a rough ride over the field I estimated that 1,300 of the electors would vote in Aidera town, the remainder being divided between the other seven settlements. I attended meetings all over the electorate, but I laid myself, out particularly to catch the vote likely to be polled at the main centre. Although I paid a young man to assist me in the carrying out of my campaign, I consider that with me, and me alone, lies the credit for my success. Gillard spoke frequently, called on the electors' wives, kissed their babies, professed great admiration for certain large potatoes and corn-cobs and gigantic sows, and praised home-made butter, as tasteless and watery as a cookery-class product. This likewise did I. Our rival printing was a source of much profit to the local jobbing-office. Where my opponent had a "mam moth" poster I had a " three sheeter" ; posted two dodgers" and " snipes " to every one of his, and had a column " ad" in every issue of the Clarion and Snorter, the two papers of the district. Every elector on the roll also had sent- to him, by my secretary , a neat pink card, on which which was printed, in gold letters : — vote fob THOMAS A. JENKINSON, Every man his own Landlord. The State the Poor Man's Banker. Equal Division of the Pastures. Land, Lust and Laziness. vote fob JENKINSON and LIVE. GILLARD and DIE. I ran on the Freetrade ticket. W hen , at any of my meetings, I was ques tioned -as to the meaning of the catch- phrases on my cards, I replied with a Latin or Greek quotation. Thus I gained the reputation of being a learned man. Little my audiences knew that most of my clever bon mots were culled from the latter end of a pocket dictionary, and that to the utterer they were so much gibberish. My coiip d'etat , however, lay in my anonymous correspondence. To it alone I attribute my victory. Maud Blanc, barmaid at the Royal Hotel, Aidera, was a lady on whom all the local "johnnies" (every country town has its "johnnies," even if they only wear low collars and soft felt hats) cast amorous eyes. She was from Sydney and, in her heart, detested the grass-fed "masher." But busi ness is business, and Miss Blanc was a capital hand at pretence. Imagine, then, the delight of forty or fifty shop- hands, clerks and such kittle- kattle who a week before polling-day received a daintily-scented note, so worded : — Adored one, — Mr. Jenkinson is a friend of mine — a great friend. You say you love me. Prove it. Vote for my friend next Tuesday. Mr. Jenkinson is a gentleman and will ornament the House, besides, I am certain, creditably representing Aidera. Do this for me, a small enough favour, and the following Sunday I will accompany you in a drive. How would the Lake suit you ? . Your own, Maiidie. P.S. — Don't mention this note to anyone; it might provoke jealousy 1 Different to iliis, in style and intent, were the epistles which the postman delivered to the officials of the five banks in the town. These read : — If you kno wots good for you you will vote for Jenkinson. From one who knos you as well as you kno yourself. Each ot the parsons received noti fications that my rival, in spite of his hypocritical church-going, had been heard to say that it were better to invest in a sweep than give money to the collection plate ; George Adams men knew, who benefitted by the plate was a toss-up. Ten publicans re- POI Vhfl foil lol cfohnrt 4-ltrk T auauiug uuao x WUUiU use my influence to have nullified ail mortgages held by breweries, "with out compensation." The £8 the Government received from me in postage-stamps I mean to have back some of these days. For an expenditure of £27 10s 4£d the. odd half-penny, I confess," was a bribe ; with it 1 bought a lolly-stick to propitiate a fractious infant), I had the pleasure of seeing this ' in the Sydney daily papers of the 18th July : ALDERA. 1870 voters. r Thomas A. Jenkinson (F) .. 981 Frank B. Gillard (P) . . . . 762 Informal . . . . 16 1759 Majority for Jenkinson, 219. Of course, my secretary wrote all the notes ; I can't be held responsible for them. Can I ? R. de S. Editorial Note.— This sketch is more or less true. Jenkinson's real name is But all is fair in love, war, and politics. 