RELIGIOUS MISSIONS. Mr. Gipsy Smith preaohed . twice at the Franklin-street ohurch on Sunday. He took for his text in the morning, the words "Be not drunk with_ wine, but be filled with the Spirit." He said, in conversion we received pardon, but-the reception of the Holy Ghost gave triumphbverthepbwerofsin. It wssagreat thing to have the debts of the past wiped out,; but greater to have the power of never getting into debt again. Ohrist revealed the Father, I the Holy Spirit revealed Christ, butt it was for believers to reveal the Holy Spirit in their lives. The Master's first great struggle was in private, the 40 days in the wilderness, and then he was ready for public work. The Holy Spirit did not save from temptation, but it did save in temptation, however great. A . year ago he* held a series of morning^ Bible readings at Fifth-avenue, New York, which were attended by 150 wealthy ladies. One of them said to him, "I am a nominal ohurch member. If I were converted I could not speak or preaoh to others." In lesB tnan a month she rose at a meeting and said that she could no longer keep silent. She not only spoke then to her friends with power and great effect, but was now engaged m a labor of love in the slum3 of the city. One might be a member for 40 years without benefiting his neighbors, but he could not be filled with the spirit 40 days without bringing someone to Christ., In the evening Mr. Smith dealt with Acts xxiv, 25—"When I have a convenient season I will call for thee." A.large audience of over 800, nearly all men, were at the Theatre Royal on Sunday after noon to hear the Rev. John MaoNeil, B.A., give an address on "Gambling." The speaker held the attention of the audience, and replied to the various interjeotions and questions which came from the body of the hall. Taking as his text "Thou shalt not steal" he showed that betting was really breaking this oom mand. His points were enforced by graphic aneodote and illustration, a last message being read from a msn ;who committed suicide in London, and another from the well-known Sydney bookmaker Teddy Sampson, who said "I have the ourse of the gambler in me and cannot stop," and then blew his brains out on the seabeach. Mr. MacNeil urged his hearers in the moBt earnest manner to give up this cursed habit, and to do their utmost to stop this evil whenever possible. The mission would be oontinued . two more nights in the Y.M.C.A. HalL, at 8, Monday and Tuesday, meeting for prayer each evening at 7.30. At the close about 50 signatures were obtained to the anti- gambling league pledge oards,. wtiiofi weia brought to tb&meetiBg; by Mr. EL Ashby*. 