VANITY FAIR By J. M. D. LONDON, FEB. 23. As happens to all Home Secretaries in these high explosive days, Mr. Asquith's name is frequently rushed into prominence. The latest thrill which he has given us is the announcement of his engagement to Miss Margot Tennant, daughter of Sir Charles Tennant, the Glasgow capitalist, speculator, and chief proprietor of Nobel's Explosives Company. Through the irony of fate, Mr. Asquith, who is engaged in a struggle to the death with international anarchy and dyna mite, finds himself through his engagement allied to the greatest disseminator of dyna mite probably in the world. You in Australia are, I fancy, amongst the largest consumers of Nobel's explosives, which are chiefly manu factured in Glasgow. The Cape and South Africa generally are also a great market for these uselul, if occasionally deadly, wares. The rivalry between Nobel's Company and the French Société de Dynamite has long been the source of intrigue and con flict in the Transvaal. Sir Charles Ten nant and his colleagues, after fighting their German competitors in South Africa for years, finally amalgamated with them, so that Nobel's Trust and its allied companies now represent the union of the Teuton and the Briton, while the French company includes Spanish and Italian amal- gamations-the Latin union in short. Recently, owing to the intervention of Mr. Lippert, one of Lobby's pet aveisions, the French company gained a decided advantage. But all the competitors are about to come to terms, I believe, before long. Sir Charles Tennant was once the leading chemical manufacturer in the North. Some years ago he was in partnership with the MacTears in the enormous Glasgow works dominated by Tennant's famous "stalk" or factory chimney. Of late years Sir Charles, who is an inveterate gambler, has made and lost much money in the fluctations of the great Tharsis and Rio Tinto Copper-mining Companies' shares. Notwithstaniding this he has always remained an intimate friend of Mr. Gladstone; indeed, Sir Charles's eldest son, when in residence at Trinity College, Cambridge, paralysed his friends by exhibiting over the mantelpiece in his rooms a magnificently-framed post-card, containing three lines from Mr. Gladstone, within a gold border 4ft. in diameter. Sir Charles Tennant's mother was a French- woman. It is probably from this lady that Miss Margot Tennant inherits her indomit able vivacity and talent for society. Sir Charles himself is a quite beautilul old man, with delightfully white hair and beard, clear cut features, and a good mouth. He is always exquisitely dressed. Miss Tennant I fancy I have described over and over again. She is not pretty, having a hard expression and beady eyes. I mentioned a year ago that everybody expected her to marry Mr. As quith, especially as the early favourites, Lord Rosebery and Mr. A. J. Balfour, had gradu ally dropped out of the running. Mr. Asquith is a widower with five children, and has long been on the lookout for a second wife. He has been noted for givng dinner parties to eligible ladies at his house in Mayfair. I once told you a story of Miss Tennant on her way to a dinner at the Home Secretary's mistaking the number of the house, and being shown upstairs to a lady in whom another Home Secretary was interested. But I fancy you didn't publish it. Asquith, a Baliol man to the soles of his boots, a couple of yeors ago was quite the hero of a group of young barristers at the Temple. His old college friends and his own peculiar set now assert that he shows a tendency to throw them over. Hence some jealousy of him among the joung division in the House of Commons. To-day there is a question whether he ought to have allowed the anarchists to make a Hengler's Circus pro cession of Bourdin's funeral, which all the anarchists in London are going to attend. Some of the papers declare that a public fune ral ought not to have been permitted, but there are to be about five-and-twenty detectives along the route of the funeral, and at the cemetery, prepared with Kodak machines to take photographs of all the leading anarchists. Scotland Yard will get a valuable collection of likenesses. Possibly Miss Tennant's object in marrying Asquith was to prove herself, by making a totally different kind of marriage to that attributed to "Dodo " by its dreadful author Mr. Benson, as unlike the kind of heroine described as possible. The book has had an enormous sale among people who had heard of Miss Tennant, and were never likely to see her. Lady Ribblesdale is Miss Tlennant's sister. The other sister, who is dead, was the wife of Alfred Lyttleton, brother of Spencer Lyttleton, Gladstone's private secretary. It was through the Lyttletons, Arthur Balfour's greatest friends, that Mr. Balfour's friendship with Miss Margot Tennant arose. Lord Ribblesdale is, of course, master of the Buck Hounds. He is 6ft. 6in. in height, very straight, spate, and square shouldered, clean shaven, and with nut brown curly hair. He dresses after the fashion of the old prints depicting the ad ventures of "Tom and Jerry" in the days of the early Georges. Those idle persons who have leisure to enjoy newspapers are promised a treat when the libel action threatened by Mr. F. C. Selous against Mr. Labouchere comes to hearing. The general impression is that Selous intends to claim damages for accusations of murder. cannibalism, arson, forgery, infanticide, and dropping their "h's" brought against the whole British race in South Africa, including Mr. Selous, by Labby in Truth. The libel actually com plained of is Labby's charge that Selous betrayed the interests of another and rival concession company in whose service he was for a while, to Rhodes an the Chartered people. On the whole, Labby is in rather a tight place; he has, for one thing, accused five or six officers of the various Matabele land contingents by name of murder, rob bery, drunkenness, &c;, and I believe they all contemplate suing him. Possibly the whole of the surviving officers and men of the three columns will bring actions against Labby also. This sort of thing adds a new terror to war and to military history-of the Truth order. In the good old times officers and soldiers on a cam piagn never saw the papers until the whole affair was over and forgotten; nowadays comments made in London upon the conduct of a campaign are read within a few days on the battle field and with far more interest and attention than in London where they are published. Labby's crazy calumnies flung at Rhodes and his men are already for gotten in London. In South Africa they are the chief topic of conversation. In fact, evidence which has appeared in the Pretoria Press and elsewhere con firming Labby's first, and more general accusations was actually manufactured in South Africa after receiving copies of Truth containing them, the manufacturers hoping to obtain fame and money from Labby and his allies here. The Pretoria Press is run in the interests of the Transvaal Government by a large reef-owner and specu lator. The Boer Government, although not openly hostile, are jealous of Rhodes, who has at last vindicated the fighting qualities of the British and largely wiped out the race stain left by the Majuba Hill. Rhodes, for his part has of course captured most of the English-speaking newspapers and journalists in the South African colonies. Cecil Rhodes's resource and knack of getting out of a tight place are marvellous. A couple of years ago he was at Fort Salisbury at a time when bitter discontent prevailed among the settlers about mining leases and the terms on which claims and companies could be started. One of the leaders of the malcontents on that occasion happened to be your old acquaintance Lord Deerhurst who paid a visit to Mashonaland shortly after becoming a bankrupt. Rhodes was positively mobbed in the main street at Fort Salisbury, and was in some danger. He accordingly made a speech announcing an offer of £5,000 to the first man who should discover alluvial gold in Mashonaland. The hostile mob, Deerhurst included, instantly scattered to search for blue gravel or pipeclay bearing alluvial, and the tumult was quelled. Lord Deerhurst's engagement to Miss Bonynge, the handsome American heiress, is just announced. Mr. and Mrs. Bonynge have been established in London for the last five or six years. They are "silver women" possessing mines of that unprincipled metal somewhere in the boundless west. Miss Bonynge was at one time engaged to the late Viscount Cantelupe, son of the Earl of Dela warr, who was drowned a couple of years ago. Henry Coventry, Lord Deerhurst's younger brother, went through the recent fighting in Matabeleland, was Forbes's right hand man and proved himself a gallant and capable young fellow. He is an Eton boy, and a great cricketer. Indeed, he originally went to the Cape as the member of a cricket team. The Earl of Coventry is very proud of his son Henry, who has done something to restore credit to the family name. Another Mashonaland celebrity is the young bishop of that much troubled See, Dr. Knight- Bruce, formerly Bishop of Blomfontein, grand son of the late Justice Knight-Bruce and cousin of Lord Abeldare. This family, originally Scottish is now settled in Wales. It produces a succession of big handsome men with brains and enerey. The bishop himself, although a mere boy in years, is a tall well-built ecclesiastic, a noted athlete, and a fine orator. He will make his mark by-and- by. In Australia you may recollect the name and performances of a strange being just dead-Charles Groom-calling himself suc cessively Prince of Mantua, Montserrat, d'Alencon, and de Nevers. Some few years ago he made strenuous efforts to get hold of the Agents General and of the Colonial Office, not to any mercenary end, but rather with a view to distributing prizes for virtue and merit among the human race, including British colonists. His gorgeous proposals embraced the establishment, at his expense, of scholarships to be competed for by British youth. As the Prince did not ask for any money, and it was not quite certain tnat he was insane, the press gave him a big advertise ment. Then he became involved in law suits, one of which was the occasion of a very bad pun by the master of the rolls, who said "Mr. Groom was never Prince of Mantua, never Prince of Montserrat, never Prince of d'Alencon; therefore he was bound to be Prince of Nevers." After that Groom become bankrupt and went to live with his mother, believing all the time that he was the possessor of an enormous fortune of the Monte Christo type. Altogether he gave a great deal of trouble to the Scotland Yard detectives, who followed him about for years, thinking that he must be a swindler. Finally they reported that he was merely insane. Thee chronic mystery of Mr. Gladstone's eyes has been in evidence again through a sensational paragraog if G.W. Smalley's, attributing to the old man a desire to be operated on for a cataract. An operation for cataract, although not excessively painful, is one of the most "delicate" known. It re quires that the patient should remain per fectly still for a considerable time after the cataract has been removed. Before the eye has "set" the slightest movement, even a cough or sneeze may cause the loss of the whole eye. Lord Salisbury's principal ailment seems to be obesity. His placid way of looking at things in general, including the revolution and the influenza, is illustrated by a dispute which he had with his neighbour, Lord Cowper, at Panshanger, some few years ago. For some reason or other Lord Salisbury took it into his head to enclose and fence into the Hatfield Estate a certain piece of land which, as it turned out, actually belonged to Lord Cowper. A day or two afterwards Lord Salis bury was sitting at breakfast with the late Earl Cairns when he received a letter from Earl Cowper, announcing that the day before he had sent a body of workmen to break down and remove the fences put up by Lord Salisbury. The latter threw the letter over to Lord Cairns, who imagining that Lord Salisbury must have a clear case, expressed his sur prise and disgust at the illegal action of the Earl. "Of course," said Lord Cairns, "you have title deeds to this particular piece of property?" "No," said Lord Salisbury, "I haven't." "Then," continued Lord Cairns "you can, I presume prove 'acts of posses sion' by yourself or your ancestors?" "No," said Lord Salisbury, "I can't." Finally, the Chancellor explained to his host that he had not a ghost of "a case" to go on. Lady Salis bury ultimately called at Panshanger and suggested that Lord and Lady Cowper should apologise. They considered that the apology should come trom Hatfield. A few days after wards Lord Salisbury met Lord Cowper at a county meeting, talked to him about all sorts of things in a most friendly way, never alluded to the enclosure question; it there fore dropped. We have a new sensational novel, Yellow Aster by name. It was first attributed to Olive Schreiner, but turns out to be by Mrs. Caffyn, an Australian lady. I believe it treats of that particular topic boomed in the Heavenly Twins. A new ladies club is talked of. It is a miserable little affair looking out on the Green-park and amounts to a sort of "second crop" after the running to seed of the Lyric Club. It is certain to be a dismal failure. Charles Hawtrey's bankruptcy gives one some idea ot the frightful losses whicch have been made in London theatres of late years. The really astonishing revelation is the fatal facility to which theatrical managers can raise money. Money to run a theatre is always forthcoming in the West-end. Past failures are no warning, for the next people are always sure that they won't fail. Like Ferdinand Lesseps, Hawtrey is the victim of his first success - in his case "the Private Secretary." A very paltry divorce suit ust tried in Dublin reminds one of the extraordinary number of brilliant literary men and b arristers who start in Dublin with the fond hope of finishing in London. One after another they come over here, and they nearly all go back again unaccepted. The only two who have re mained, and never will go back, are Oscar Wilde and Bob Martin, the author of "Bally hooly." Bob Martin married an heiress over here, and is comfortable and established. 