CEUMBS FROM THE ' AUT0-- CRATS' TABLE. Rev. H. R. Haweis chats very pleasantly in the Young Man on his personal acquaintance ship with Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes. He tells of three and a half hours spent, during his English visit of 18S8, in tbe ' Autocrat's' company, along with Bishop Kllicotc and Dr. Samuel Smiles: — The talk wandered freely over all sorts of fields — literary and scientific and social — until it got entangled inevitably in 'occultism' — ghosts, double psychic pheno mena — on all which questions tbe bishop keeps a singularly fair and open mind. Talking of brain-waves, Oliver Wendell Holmes went off in his best stvle. ' I think we are all uncon sciously conscious of each other's brain-waves at times ; the fact is, words and even signs are a very poor sort of language compared with the direct telegraphy between eouIs. The mistake we make is to euppose that the soul is circumscribed and imprisoned by the body. Now the truth is, I believe, / extend a good way outside my body ; well, I should say at least three or four feet all round, and so do you, and it is our extensions that meet. Before words pass or we Bhake hands, our souls have exchanged impressions, and they never lie; not but what looks count for something.' Hearing Mr. Haweis lecture at Boston, the old man gave a glimpse of the infancy of the American institution of lecturing, which sheds light on his younger days: — 'You star lec turers,' he added, 'who come over here now and pocket your hundreds and thousands of A uuiiam, iinbie iuuw wnas we poor leiiowB, tne ' pioneers of art and letters in America, had to go through. I assure you, when I began, and Emerson and Theodore Parker, there were ttlaces in the states calling themselves civilised, that did not know what was meant by a lecture. I have arrived at a schoolroom or hall on the uight and found it empty, and we hare had to send out and whip up an audience ; and to we went up and down the land, trying to get a hearing for poetry, literature, art, ucience, tramping on toot too when we could not get a conveyance. Well I remember arriving at a lone, forsaken place after travelling all day, and at last walk ing across fields in the mud to get there in time, and finding it was the wrong day. Another time the committee waited on me at the close, the attendance having been un commonly thin, and asked me to lower my fee. Well, those were good days all the same ; we were young then ; and then, when yon did get your fee, the joy and content of sitting in the sanded parlor of the village or town inn with your feet on the mantel-piece, and rattling the dollars in your trouser pockets, eo hardly earned!' A touching etory of Emerson in his latest days was told by Dr. Holmes— 'After Long fellow died he was laid in the chapel on a bier, his face was exposed, and numbers of his friends went in to take a last look. Emerson was at tbat time failing — his memory was almost gone — but) as he had been so intimate with us for so many years, I thought I would take him into the cbapeL As we were both silently contemplating our dead friend, Emerson turned to me' and said, 'That J is the face of a very .amiable gentle- 9 man, but I don't know who it is.' This,' :: remarked Holmes, 'was very interesting, as ': well as very touching. Is Bhowed that, \; alfihough his memory was gone, hiB perceptive ' ; and intuitive powers, and a certain instinctive ?? ' judgment of character, all remained on. impaired to the end.' Walt Whitman, on ' ???.., -.?-? 90 ,i being told this incident, did not think it sad. He said — 'Emerson's decline always eeemed to .me quite harmonious. This 6lowly einking back into the arms of mother nature when one's work is done — and well done — it is like the decay and slow decrease of fruit bearing capacity of an old apple tree in a great orchard ; at last the old tree crumbles away, and sinks naturally into the soil from whence it sprang.' 