TURF JOTTINGS. Grand Clogs haa boon relegated to tbo pony ranks. ? ? ? ? ? \- The Queensland rncohorso Sir Oliver has gone to Melbourne, where ho ia booked for I lengthy stay. Danton, by Grand Flaneur — Egalite, hns dropped out of the list of horses in train ing, and is for sale at a low figure. , J. Monaghan's string has recently been strengthened by Caprice, and the Hotch kiss — Hose of Wellington colt, True Blue, both of whom belong to Mr. A. Hooke. \- Forsona desirous of being registered ns amateur riders for meetings of Eosehill Racing Club must mako written appHctu tion before 4 p.m. on tho ISth inst. Tho Newcastle Jockoy Club Committee have decided that in future 'strangors' will not bo admitted to thoir racecourse while horses are in preparation. Touting the training at Newcastle has thus been put a atop to. Tho. Newcastle pooplo will havo a raco mooting next Saturday, whun denizens of the coally city should have a good day's sport. Tho entries are fairly good, nnd Mr. Wilkinson's handicaps generally give satisfaction, so that the club should havo luecossful results. Mr. Geo. Eowo, the' Warwick Farm sec rotary, was unable to be present at tho meeting on Saturday on account of illness. Mr.. A. E.; .Batemau took, his place; and everything passed 'off 'satisfactorily under 'Albort's' management. We hope Mr. Eorro will . soon be all right, and going as Btrontrlv us nvnr nrrfiiTi. Mr. Wm: Easton, in an intorviow in the Now York Spirit of the Tiiies, give3 interesting particnlars of a visit to Mr. . Charles Heed's great breeding establish ment At Fairviow. Mr. Easton says:— 'Cheviot, the successful siro, and well known brother to Sir Modrud, struck iiio as boing the most improved horso I over saw. I should not hare known him.' Mr. T. S. Clibborn held a sale of thoroughbreds on Monday, when the racing pony Melthora (13.2), by Buekthorpe from Molodia, brought 230gs, and was purchased by Mr. M. Gearin. .Bodkin was passed at 40gs,.Mark Twain did not elicit a bid, and Isandor, by First Water from Ipomea, was sold privately to Mr. M. Murphy, of Morpeth. AN.Z. writer says: Mr. D. O'Brien, I have authority for saying, does not intend to go further with his caso against tho Cantorbury Jockoy Club, and therefore we are not likely to hoar any more about tho famous Challongo Stakes caso, which is Dow a matter to be consigned to the shades qf.tho doad past. The tooting of the bills, which, taken altogether, aro of considerable dimensions, is a big matter, for there can bo no doubt the greater part of the stakes won by Loyalty have been swallowed up in expenses. 'Vagrant' writes in tho Maitlavd Mehcdkt: — 'Some of tho owners of jump ing horses in Sydnoy are howling veho montly at the treatment accorded thoir nag« by Mr. Scarr, who does not appear to bo quite the success 'ho wns wont to be in bringing hurdleracors and bteeplechasors together. There are bound to, bo, of course, moro losers than winners, and nocesaanly more grumblers thnn contented ones; but, after all, it would not be bad ; policy to allow some metropolitan racing man with moro than a superficial know ledge of the game to try his -prentice i hand in framing a handicap. Frank Wilkinson would decidedly bo a better man for tho position than tho ono whoso iinmo I have Jicard inontioned in connection with tho matter. Mr. Scarr ia getting old, so can not be expected to hold ottlco many years longer, and, whilst 1 roadily admit that his follower will probably not be nearly so competent as tho veteran, it is just about time that Rome move was made to got him at least an assistant, if not a successor.' The N.Z. Refekee nays:— 'Tlio 'stako limit' 13 sure to bo a subject of much dis cussion at tho Kncing Conference, to bo hold next month in Wellington. From all accounts an effort will bo mado by some of tho country delegates to uecuro a reduction in tho amounts that it is now necessary for a club to givo in stakes hoforo a totalisator permit can bo granted. I would couneol tho delegates to iruigli tho matter very carefully before coming to a decision. If tho ' staku limit ' liaB reduced tho number of race meotinga it is pro bably a good thing for tlio country. There is no shutting one's eyes to tho fact that a feeling has boon genoral throughout tho laud that thoro was too much racing going on. If tho number of mooting;' is loss now tho result to tho public in likely to bo good. Without tho totulisntor. I think it will bo admitted by iiuyono who haa Btudied tho subject, many clubs would not ho in a position to carry on operations. Iteduco the ' stake limit,' and tho result will probably mean u largo incruaso in tho number of raco meetings— which would ho simply playing into tho hands of tlio oppo nents of the machine that enables many clubs to proviuo legitimate sport without, us in tho old days, ' going round with tho hat.'' Tho Brooklyn Handicap of 25,000dol, run nt tho Spring meeting of th-- Brooklyn (U.S.A) Jockoy Club on May 1G, was won by tho four-yoar-old ch c Dr. llico, by Ouonduga from Bonnie Lno. Dr. llico carried 1121b over a milo and a quarter in 2inln TJsec. Tho winner of, tho twoyoar old racoon tlio following day was sirad by Darebiu. A numbor of bookmakers, accompanied by two mombors of tho Legislature, waited upon tho South Australian Promior last wook with rcforonco to tho suppression, of botting in Adelaide. Tho duputution asked tho Govornmont fo support a Bill to amend that clause of the Totalisator Aot which makes botting in public illegal, but though tho Press were excluded, it ia beliovod that tho Protnior's reply was unfavorable. Says 'Vagrant' in tho Hehcubt: — ' Mr. William ? Morthy r' luis juBt bestowed tho luiiuo of Trapozoupon his English-bred colt by Trapozo out of Meloria, and tho youngstor, who is a boautiful chestnut, will shortly commence bis Btudiea at Now castlo. By tho way, what possossod Mr. ' Morthyr ' to do such a ridiculous thing ns call tho colt the same name as tho sire ?' Tho principal ovont in tho programme at Paris on May 20 was tho' Grande Poule des Produits, which ia looked upon as a key to tho French three-year-old running of the year, and it attracted nino coiu'poti tors to tho post.' Gonvdruail, by Tho Biird, who had nono the best of tho oarly part of the raco, finished very gamely, and won. Tho distanco of tho race (10J furlongs) was covered by tho. winner, according to Bon son's chronograph, in 2min 22 3-Ssoc, and tho valuo of the race was .£25 IS. ' Writing about the cracks i of tho Argen tine turf tho River Plate SrORT and Pastijie Bays :— ' itciporU regarding Etoilo. aro anything but favorable, inasmuch as aho gave way on hor injured log as soon as put into fast work. From this I should think that it is vory improbable that the filly will over bo got back to her old form, evou if hor trainer can bring hor to the post. Buenos Ayres, on tlio contrary, is as lit and well us ho can bo, and will probably bo sueu aoon in a good race.' A correspondent writes : — I havo selected tho following unnamed horsoR from thoso entered for tho V.K.C. and A.J.C. Derbies, Ab X am a great lovor of horses I thought I should like to try my hand at nomencla ture : J. Burton's b c, by Kingsborough — Advice: Vice Itegal. W.R. Wilson's b or br g, by Nordonfeldt— -Maid of Honor : Son of a. Gun. W. Pearson's b c, by Commo tion—Quality : Sir Tumult. II. C. White's b g, by Cranbrook— Bello of Cobham : Boll brook. W. Forrester's blk g,by Niagara — Lady-in- Waiting : Prince of Falls. AV. Forrostor's blk g, by Niajrara — Fleoto: Telocity. E. Keys' b c, by /Joldsbrough— Bonn. Vista : Good Gold. W. Noud's br o, by First Wator — Paresso : Watorprqss. H. W. Mason's b g, by Simripo — Despite: Sunnitcs. M. A. M'Dowal'a br c, by Archie — Capella: Archipella. A London paper says :— Gallinulo, who cost tho late Squire Baird a pretty penny in ono way or another, was one of tho handsomest ' horses that over carried a racing jacket. Ho is by Iaonomy, out of that grand old Hermit maro Moorohon, who after a long spoil of service on the fiat won many races uudor Grand National Hunt Kules, and was an oxpert jumpor. Gallinulo has already sprung into promi nence aa a sire, thanks to Portmallock's runaway victory in tho Breeders' Stakes at Manchester, and thia colt, who is ns hnnd sonio as paint, cannot bo far removed from the top of tho treo as far as wo hare gone with our two-year-olds tliis season. Sovoral others of his prbgony havo won on tho Curragh this season. Gallinulo stands at HrowiiHtown House, Tho Curragh, and hia feu tho prosont season, 25^3, is tolerably certain to b'e raised. Tho only Gallinulo yearling offered for salo last year realisod 140gs. A London paper liaB tho following porti nont romarka :— ' The Anti-Gambling League is so good as to toll us it haa no wish to put down horseracing. ' In fact it even gcua so far as to admit that thoro ia nothing illegal . in owning, training, or running horses, but it is tlio betting ring which upsets its equanimity, and tho Leaguo moans to prosecute a firm which leases a racecourse, on the count of keeping an onclosuro for purposes of wagering. The Leaguo may object to gambling in ono shape, but at all events it shows it possesses a fair share of tho gambler's spirit, as it proposes to fight tho enso right through to tho Lords, and I am in clined to think that its backers will find the- game a protty costly ono before they havo finished with it. Pooplo will but so long aa they have hats to thoir heads and Khirts to their backs, and Parliament may legislate itself black in the face, and still people will bet.'.' John Watts, thanka to Ladao, can now claim to havo ridden the winner of each of the classic racea (nays a London exchange). The Ono Thousand Ouineas ho has won twice, viz., on Miss Jummy (1880) and Semolina (1890) ; ho haa likewiso won tho Derby twice, on Merry Hampton (1887) and Sainfoin (1800). Hi- has figured on tho backs of no fewer than four heroines of tho Oakn, hia first win being as far, back aa 1883, when he steered Bonnie Jean to vic tory for Lord Kosobory on tho only occasion that tho Laird o' Dalmeny'a hoops have boon to tho front 'in that ovont, and possibly it wns a recol lection of this association which induced his lordshipto secure his services for Ladas. Miss Jummy (1886), Memoir (1890), and Mrs. Butterwick (1893) wero Watts' other 0ak8 winners. Ho haa alno won the St. Leger a Biipilar number of times— viz., in IS83 on Osshin, tho following yoar oh The Lambkin, in 1890 on Memoir, and in 1892 on La Floche. Bradford has commenced early to score in tho classic races, and 'his Ono Thousand success on ; Amiable will doubtless ore long be added to by victories in tho companion ovpnts of the sorios. ' ' A -writer in London Tbutii' says :^' I. seo it is stated that since Macgregor'B year (1870) tho Two Thousand has never how bo easily v?ou aa it. was by Ladas. What. utterly crack-brained trash! An a matter of fact, them has been a closo finish for the1 Two Thousand only tiyico during tho last ton years (Paradox and Crafton in 1885. and Enthusiast and Dono van in 1889), and no horso over won the raco more easily than did Ormonde in 1880, or Camballo, Potrarch, Chamant, nnd Pilgrimago in thoir respective years. It is alleged that some dullards believe that Ladas will not win tho Dorby because Macgrogor was beaten nt Epsom after ho had cantored awny with tho Tiro Thousand. The fact is that the Two Thousand of 1870 was a falRe-run raco. Mucgregor ' chopped ' Kingcraft at tho start, aiid fairly slipped tho field, and Lord Fulmouth'B horao was o ily jmt toginuing to got into hia stride whon Macgrui;or vraa passing tho winning post. Than Macgmgor could not come down tho hill at Epsom, whereas tho Dorhy course waa admirably suited to tho action of Lord Falmouth'a horso. It is absolute halberdash for peoplo to write about Macgregor having como to Ep.iom ' prac tically broken down,' considering that thu horso wa.i ho firm a favorite whim thu flag Ml that tho lat« Lord Dudlov vainly oll'iirod to bot JCJS.QOO to £lt),0W on him. If thuru had boon tho ghost of tho shadow of a suspicion that thoro waa anything wrong with Macgregor, Lord Dudluy would havo bewi aa rendily ncvoiiimodatud na hi- was on tho Oaks dav, when he had a heavy plungo on Iho ill-fated Hoatiir. Ladas (liffma from Macgrogor in that his action id suited cither for Epsom or any other ?ourso. Ho ia like Oimondo, and will go as vthII up hill as down t'.'l. Coniot haa boon Bold to Mr. J. P. Brown, of Dubbo, who intends to give him a chance in Sydiioy.. Bingara, Gundagai Amatour, and Hay Now Yoar Racing Cluba' mootings havo been granted registrntion by tho A.J.C. Tho Gundngai T.C. haa issuod a pro gramme for a mooting on Thursday, 19th inst., with a J!20 prizo for tho chiof evont. Mr. Dakin has ro-wuightod tho South Australian horse Mostyn for tho Mulbouruo Cup.' Tho penalty for Mostyn'a reoent wins is 81b, which now makes his weight 7st 01b. For tho five ovonts on tho programmo of tho Warwick Farm July mooting tho satis factory total of 125 nominations was re coivod on Monday. Tho Hurdlo Raco at traot«d 18; Farm -Stakos, 31; Sovereign Handicap, 14; Warwiok Farm Handicap, 20) and Pace Welter, 30; ! Tho total amount paid away in stakoB over, tho North Now: Zealand Grand National Mooting was .eiS'W 10s,. of which Bum 'Mr. R.: Burko''took , tho -largost aharo with JJ313 10s, Mr. A.v'Robortso'n coming socond with 'ifi204 5s, and Mr. R, Homrood third witU^147 5s. ? Mri Charlton, '-y.S.l'.rbcbritly appointed veterinary lecturer at the N.Z. Agricultural College, has oxaminod Ich Dion, and isr of opinion that sho.is sufforing from a Btrain of ono of the ligamonts- attached to; the Bossamoid bonos and paatorns. llo' doubts whether Bho will 'stand a' preparation'.' Strowau, ho ? thinks, -will probably stand work, as thoro lippoiira to bo nothing seriously amiss with him. A brutal act of cruelty was porpotratod on the horso Stratacom last -week. He Mb half- brothor ; to Croni'orno, owned by Mr. Carlo Marina'; of Moppity.. Soino mis- croanta ? ontorod the paddock wlibro'. the horso wns running, and, tying its forologsl they 'mutilated tho animal in a shocking mannor. Mr. Marina was .absent from homo at tho time, and tho matter was not roportod to tho polico till Friday night; Since then an investigation has boon mado, but beyond a suspicion there is nothing to givo u clue to the perpetrators. A southern friond (writes The House man, A.) : ' Seeing in your paper that tho word ' burro' is Spanish for donkey reminds ino of a good joke. One of' our 'Indies having travelled west, and Boeing how aorvicoablo tho ' bufrb' could bo mado, pro vailod on her good man to send for oho for hor. In duo time ho duly came, and was waybillod ' burro.' Tho railroad freight clurk was lightning in checking freight but: ignorant of 'burros.' Ho had to report promptly all errors, &c;, to tho aeonfc. Ho \- endorsed :on the way-bill as follows:— 'One bureau short, ono jackass over.' This ie said to bo a fact.' ? -? Tlio stakes won by La Flocho, tho Ascot Cup winner, aro now getting on to J!B4,000 in amount, mado up ? as follows : — At 2yrs, .£3415 ; at 3yrs, JB25.053 ; at 4yr8, -£2085'; at 5yra (approximate), X2700. This is .£3000 or .£4000 more than tho total amount won by Carbine, though tho performance of the Australian waa the moro remarkable, considering tho fower big stakes he had an opportunity of winning in comparison with La Fleclio. The largest amount won by Carbino in any ono raco waa .510,230 (in the Melbourne Cup of 1890), and tho second larg08t amount less than .£2000. La Fleche, on the other hand, won as a threo-yoar-old stakes of tho value of £7930, ^5400, '.£5270, and £3050 re spectively, and her win on Wednesday rnpresouts a sum of about £2700. In all Carbine won 33 races, ran second six times, third three times, and was only once unplaced. La Fleche has won fifteen racos, haa.run second twicu, third twice, and has boon twico unplaced. Her host handicap performance was winning the LivoJpool Autumn Cup, one milo and three furlongs, asa four-year-olil, carrying 9at 01b in a fiold of twelve, which falls far abort of Carbine's' marvellous font : in winning tho Molbourno Cup, two miles, in a field of thirty-nine; with lOat* 51b on hia back, in the best time on record. 'Starting price ' betting has attained to such huge dimensions that tho wonder is that the two principal London daily RpoVt irig papers should for some years past havo titkon a totally different view as to tho exact poriod which should dotonuiiio. tho prices. Tho Sportsman holds, apparently, rhat tho prico should be determined by the first ' break away.' And this opinion has beon.uphe|d by the committoo of Tatter sail's. Thu Spohtinq Life, on tho other hand, holds that tho prico Bhould dato from the moment of tho actual start; and this view has always aeomod to me (saya a London writer) to be flio conimon-soiiRo one. To -piiy and receive a 'falsa' starting prico,' when 'S.P.' ib the contract, can not possibly meet tho justice of tho caso. lam, of course, awaro that tho principal commissions havo boon ,oxocuted, lis a rule, beforo the horses reach tho starting post ; but this does not nffecfc tho common sense of tho matter. I woll rcmiomber thu 'Toastmaster cnao' at . tho Doncastnr Spring Mooting. When Lord Zetland's horso broke away tho fiold wore not under the starter's orders ; as Pizarro, who had boltod in the opposite direction) had not found- his way back to tho post. Yet, according to tho Spoktsxa.v and tho com mittee of Tattersall's, the shirting price of Toastmaster was tho prico at which ho was. just beforo his breakaway, although tho actual' start did not tako place till' half an hour afterwards. Tho whole question of S.P. wants going into and thoroughly re forming Tho bookmakers have far, too loud a voice in the matter, and backers— -I state this unroservodly— do not always have a 'fair ehow.'. ..?..' Piorro Lorillard (says the Houseman, Chicago) ; has announced his intontiou. of sending somb, of liis tlioroughbrods to race in' England, and in. order that his titlo of ownership, may be uniform on both sides of the Atlantic,' will hencofcrth nominate his horses in'his own name.- Thoruloaof: tho [English Jockoy' Club will not pormit him to enter his horses in races run 'on English 'soil as tlfo property of the .'JRau-! cocas Stable.' Tho hows of this, pro jocted foroign .turf campaign brings to mind the glorious victories of Foxhall and Iroquoiu, and it , is confidently to be, oxpected, if Mr. Lorillard's plans aro con scimmatcd as outlined, , that soiha of f the: classic ovont* will fall to his stiaro. Marcus Daly said some- time ago that, ho might raco some of his horses in England thia or next season, and. it is thoroforo by no moans imnrobablo that greator interest may shortly bo evinced in International sport tlmn has- been tho - cass for many years.1 'Tho prowess 'of Ambricah tlioroughbroda bus boon kopt bdforo tho English pooplo ovor flinco Iroquois' year by B I lie Grasa, who though not a first-class racehorse, was selected yoar after yoar for oho of tho Qunun's premiums of .£20(1. Kaclng ia so well catablivhed as part of tlio British national oconomy that ita mnnago meut and methods are unlikely to cjiango, for which reason it may turn out moro profit ablo to race thoro than in Amorica for the noxt fow yoara. Tho ' Yankee ' horsos will bo welcome in England. With a fair Held and no favor thoy will surely hold thoir own. ? 