Ladies' v ; a; — - ' " ' ' Another woman of mark-Mme. K.qecktin Schwartz, many ; yosrs oi wkoee. Jff®- JBbve ksen' devoted to gotra workeljyi:>tetived i$ jtiil to be conBldered, where a wdmah u con- cerned, tne nignsss- nvua or mem — asuneiy, the Gross of the Legion of Honor, The email number of wbmen who have the right to wear the red ribbon — they are not more than twenty, even when reckoning the members of the religious nursing communities— renders this a distinction of the highest order. Vastly dif ferent iB the violet ribbon belonging, to the Palmes Academiques, whioh has of late' years been almost too generously awarded for ser- vices ill defined. The special character of this honorable grade is too often lost to sight, and persons are admitted into the list who have never done much to further educa tion iu any form ; but this year the Govern ment has been somewhat more circumspect. Among the nominations that appeared last week were several female names. The dreadful tragedy which occurred the other day in the Hue des Martyrs, when a family consisting of tether, mother and daughter put an end to their lives to escape the' shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a great deal of comment aud muh very real com miseration. All their preparations seem to have been made with a stoicism that savors of the antique, and which one would hardly expect to find in an average middle-class household. Rather unfairly, perhaps. ;the opponents of ad vanced education for women set the tragedy down to the effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mind ; for many refuse to admit that the project could have been con ceived by either of the parents, but must have, originated with the daughter, who had received, a superior education to her father and mother, aud was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to get her pastels accepted at the Salon, preyed upon the young girl's mind— she was only twenty-three — was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over ker parents may have influenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of the nursery superstitions. The thief in the candle ; the stranger in the tea cup ; the name that lurks in the coffee grounds; the bubbles iu the tea cup that mean kisses ; lucky money ; the burning of the right or left ears ; the itching of the nose ; the itching of the eyes ; turning the money at the new moon; the sneezing of the cat. All these are harmless little things aVwhich the children laugh ; they do not influence conduct — they make supersti tions riduculous. It would be a very pleaBant thing for the Thirteenth Club to celebrate some of these superstitions; an enormous number can be collected. The Folk-Lore Society ; the author of the Golden Bough ; " the Psychical Society could contribute hun dreds of these pretty, idle, merry little super stitions. But the club must invite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls to go out and look for if, is the use of the new moon ? Without girls to counteract the warning, what is the good of an itching nose ? And, of course, for the Thirteenth Club there ace most magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of all kinds. But these things will follow in due course ; "LikaJoko" is a most ingenious young gentleman. In the New Testament the twelve founda tions of the New Jerusalem are represented as of so many precious stones, comprising the amethyst, beryl, chrysolite, chrysoprase, chal cedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, sapphire, 8 ar dius, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some are supposed to represent as many apo3tolic virtues, such as : 1\. Amethyrat — Sobriety and temperance. 2\. Beryl— Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chalcedony— Ardent zeaL _ 4\. Chrysolite— Restrained by no obstacles. 5\. Chrysoprase — Severity towards sin. 6\. Emerald — Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper— Firmness and constancy. 8\. Hyacinth or Jacinth— Calmness in all things. 9\. Sapphire — Heavenly and beautiful thoughts. 10\. Sardins— Readinessfor martyrdom. 11\. Sardonyx — Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz— Healing po wer. 