Randwick Races. Thursday. Hurdle Race — Warbrook, Rushlight, Kil many. Royal Stakes — Delaware first, M.L.A. and Bucleugh dead beat for second place. Welter Handicap — C.B, Cadet, Cynthia. Nursery Handicap — Juvenile, Marjorie, Chester man. Turf Club Handicap— The Driller, Brown Bess, M.L.A. Eony Club. — Members of committee met at Mr. P. Ryan's Australian hotel on Thurs day night, when there were present Messrs. W. Falconer (chairman), H. Dalton, J. Graham, W. H. Richardson, Kavanagb, Sulway, and D. Turner (secretary). It was decided to hold a race meeting shortly, and to arrange for a date that would not clash with Temora and other neighbouring dis tricts. Bifle Match. — A match was to have been shot here on Thursday between the Gundagai and Cootamundra teams : but, we | are told, some one sent a telegram from here to stop the Gundagai team, some of whom were actually on the platform at the time ready to start. It is not known to tne local riflemen, we believe, who sent the* message. The match, therefore, foil through. ' . The Murrumburrah and Harden tennis team, who were to play a match here on Thursday against the School of Arts, did not turn up, on account of the threatening and uncertain state of the weather. J. Gaudaur, the American sculler, has challenged the world for a match for the championship over a course of three miles, for 2,500 dollars aside. A Liar of a Ghost.— We have received from an old friend a copy of a paper in which is given a description of mysterious visitations to a family named Stein, frugal German settlers in the Braidwood district— periodical visits of an invisible man, who talks with the family, sometimes agreeably, sometimes disagreeably, who throws the domestic utensils about, and who drives the dogs howling crazy. In answer to inquiries (giving the name of George William Herbert) he has stated, among other things, that 'his father died in the Cootamundra hospital eighteen years ago.' Our friend marks this ' crammer,' or freak of ghostly memory, with crimson ink to attract our notice. Well he might, as the Cootamundra hospital had no existence eighteen years ago —not even the gaol hospital ; Cootamundra itself was then only in its first stage of infancy. If this ' Coal-baggie Invisible Being' will come along this way we will be happy to interview him. A circumstance unique in the history of the butter market ia that the winter price this year is lower than the rates ruling in the past summer. As Bure &s; the sun comes fropi the east, WnugUVllnkiug I'owlcr is better tfiap yepst, 