I AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A man on his trial for marder in New York was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent speech :—-Gentlemen of tbe jury: " Thou shalt not kill." Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by 12 jurymen or an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny tbe fact of my client having killed a man. No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring tbe prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty— but will that excuse you ? No, in that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ?—who, freemen ?—who in this land of liberty and light 1 Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you have a bowie knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odorifenus with the fames of cigars and tobacc t. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop throngh the internal principles of your animal viscera, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder. Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative. Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you by the American eagle that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and is now roosting in the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And, lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free bide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and to sum up all, if yoa ever expect to be anything but sneaking, law-flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country. The prisoner was acquitted. 