NEW ZEALAND NEWS. THE PROHIBITION CRUSADE Eire at Wellington. Qnehunga's Lady Mayor— Playlner Ohost— A Youth Badly Assaulted— The Calliope Dock— Caught in a Circular Saw— The Fortune Telling Oases — Resigna tion of Hospital Trus tees—Fire at a Foil-) mongery. The Tarawera, from Auckland, brings files to June 11. Tho following items are taken from Auckland exchanges :— The various licensing committees arc carrying out the verdict of the polls in con nection with the local option to the letter, and many applications for renewals of hotel licenses have been icfused. Toe action of tho Invcrcargill committee in deciding that seven houses should be closed, and then selecting by ballot the hotels which are to lose their licenses, has caused great surpriee. The Christchurch committee has decided to close 12 hotels, and in othe: centres four and five houses have been refused renewals. Shortly before midnivht 00. June 5 a fi;e broke out in the Wellington Meat Export Oo.'e works, at Ncaiiaurnnga. The lire began in the boiiing-down works, which, alone with the matiuro works, were destroyed. I11 the portion burnrd were manuro-making ntacbiuery, drying machine, and taliow plant, with a 2D h.p. engine, 50 casks taliow, 140 drums ncatsfoot nil, and 400 tons manure. Tno fire brigitdo went out, but, though tno company's staff had bcon at work from the commencement with their own apparatus, it was past 1 before the fire was got under. The boiling-down works destroyed were insured for £4200, The stock in tho burnt building was fully covered. Tiie company estimate their loss over insurance at £750 on buildings and £750 on manure, total £1500. The Ireczing works which wero saved are fully covered, hut neither they nor the stock was damaged. The fire will not interfere with the com- pitny's working. Toe last meeting of.thc Onohunga Borough Council, presided over by the lady Mayor (Mrs. Yates) was a cheerful exception to tho ttsuai ordinary meetings. The proceed ings were brief, and devoid of any scene of disorder. The ghost idiocy has been revived in Aah- bnrton, with results which wero nearly proving very serious- to a youth named Ibell. Ibell had gone (says' the Christ- church Press) to lite northern part of the public domain on Friday eveniug with some horses, when someone came out in front of him wrapped in what appeared to bo a white sheet. He Btruck a match with a view to seeing who it was playing the ghost, when he was suddenly seized by the throat and so roughly maltreated as to be rendered unconscious. Mr. Bryant luckily camo up witlt his baker's cart and took Ibell into town, but it was nearly two hours be fore the lad recovered. Tho police after wards searched the neighborhood, but failed to discover any clue to the person who had firBt played an idiotic prank, and, when feariDg discovery, had in a cowardly way assaulted an innocent lad. A very important discussion took place at a recent meotiug of the Auckland Harbor Board with referenco to the Calliope Dock and a proposal to invest Mr. J. H. Withe- ford with power to negotiate with the British Admiralty for the disposal of the dock. After an hour's debate it was decided by a considerable majority not to entertain the idea of selling or otherwise disposing of the dock to the British authorities, and it was simply resolved to give Mr. Witheford a general letter of introduction in connection with his projected visit to England. The chairman, Mr. Adant Porter, ridiculed the idea of sending a delegate to England to say that Auckland, which, according Co Sir George Grey, was going to be one of the "hubB of the universe," could not ratso £20,000 or £30,000toeqniptli6CalliopeDock. The Prince of Wales Hotel at Bell Block, Now Plymouth, was burnt down about 5 o'clock on the morning of June 5. All the furniture, including the piano, was saved. The building was insured iu the Alliance for £300, and the furniture iu the Nurth Ger man for £200. A boy named Frank Laury, aged 15, employed at the Kauri Timber Co. null, To Kopuru, met <yith a serious accident ou Jnue7- He endeavored to remove a piece of timber front the saws lath bonoh, when his hand cams into contact with the saws and was ciit to pieces. The company's steamer brought Dr. Norton from Darga- villc, who administered chloroform, and amputated the arm below the elbow. The sufferer is progressing satisfactorily. Mrs. Tischer was acquitted at Welling ton 011 a charge of fortune-telling. The judge asked the Crown Proseoutor if it was , worth while proceeding with similar charges against two other persons. Tho Crown Prosecutor replied that he was not prepared to tay at present. H.M.S. Curacoa, which is at present at Samoa, went the other day from Apia to ascertain how a volcanic eruption in the chaunel between the islands of Tnu and Oieetinga had affected the bottom. Ono patch formerly a wash was found to have 24 fathoms of water upon it. While surveyiug there an invitation trom Queen Margaret to a reception was received by Captain Gibson, who, with his officers, visited the royai village, and were accorded a hearty wel come, returning to tho Cttracoa loaded with presents of curios. A return visit was made by the chiefs, who surrounded the cruiser in canoes crowded by natives of both sexes. It is reported that the trustees of the Greymouth Hospitul have resigned in a body in consequence of a difference ot opinion with the Minister of the Department, the Hon. Mr. Reeves. It appears that the board recently applied for the hospital grant, and, before paying it ovor, the Minister reminded the trustees that their account was in dobit to a considerable amount lor the maintenance of tho children of the district who had become a oharge upon charitable aid, and asked for a promise that the liability would be discharged. Upon this the trustees took umbrage, and auswerod by resigning in a body. Mr. Andrew Turnbull's fellmongery at Kaiwarra was totally destroyed by firo about 8 o'clock 011 the night of June 8. Three men, with Mr. Turnbull himself, were working in tho drying room, but had occasion to leave for a fovr minutes. On opening the door on their return the room was found to be in flames, and tho whole building was soon doomed. The outbreak is attributed to spontaneous combustion amongst the wool, of which there were 50 bales in ins building, besides 700 skins, wool presses, weighing machinery, and other appliances, all of which were destroyed. The insurance on the contents will nut cover the loss. The schoolmaster's residence at Mnrtin- borough was burned on June 7. The furni- turne was insured for £300 in the Loudon, Liverpool and Globe. The loss is esti mated at £50. It is believed to be another case of incendiarism. Several suspicious fires havo recently occurred in this dis trict. Tho Rev. Cecil Wilson, Bishop of Melan esia, was consecrated at St. Alary's Fto- Cathedral, Parnell, on Juno 11. The cere mony was of a most impressive character, and the building wen crowded to excess by persons anxiouc to witness the unusual sight in Auckland of the consecration of a bishop, His Excellency Lurd Glasgow, acoompanied by Major Elliott, Captain Stewart and the ladies from Govornment House wero oarly in attendance, and occupied seats near tho front. A number of natives from the South Sea Islands were accommodated with seats in a prominent portion in order that the might witness the consocration of their new bishop. Bishop Mules, of Nelson, and Bishop Julius took part in the ceremony. 