A DEATHI CHETIFIUATE, FROM THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (ooarumcun.) I arrived in London at an early hour the next morning, and going straight to Hanover Square, saw the matron of the excellent establishment for trained nurses which is to be found there. I described the case, and chose a bright-looking young woman who I was sure had 'tact as well as experience. Making hasty arrangements that she should start at once, I wired what I had done to Will. My own duties were sufficiently arduous to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts dnringthe rest of that day. I returned home, fagged out, at a late hour that evening, and had jnst desired my servant to bring up supper, of which I stood much in need, when, instead,' he handed me a telegram on a salver; " When did this come ? " I asked, looking at it suspiciously, and my thoughte instantly darting away to poor Will Raymond and his unhappy little wife. "The telegram came half an hour ago, sir," replied the servant. I tore it open and uttered a groan. I was not prepared for the news which it contained. "Mrs Raymond died at three o'clock this afternoon-Grey." The pink slip of paper fluttered out of my hand, and I sat in an almost dazed condition for several minutes, I had not time, however, for any long meditation. There came a sharp peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to me. - This was from Will. It contained the sort of news which I might have expected : "For God's sake, come to me, Halifax. Come to-night." Alas, it was impossible for me to comply. I had a case to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele graphed to Will telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, but that then nothing should hinder my join ing him. I have nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had. the satisfac-. tion of knowingthat I had pulled my patient through a severe illness, and, weary but thankful, I stepped into the midnight train which was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived there in the morning, but this time Grey was waltinir for me on the platform. He came forward to meet me with much eagorness, shook my hand and looked into my face. His manner was disturbed, and his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi dently ,t irred to its deoths. "lam more than glad you have come," he said. "Rayvmond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death ; 1 now think that unles something is imme diat*ly dnoe for his relief, his brain will go." "NlTasenee, nonsense," Iretorted. "Ray. mondi h-s as steady a brain as any fellow I know." BIut thin I stopped abruptly. Certain pecuciaritlcs with regard to his past history occurred to me, and I was silent. Iaymod was undoubtedly my friend, but I knee nothing of the psychological history of his house.. 1 made up my mind to treat the doctor's fears lightly, and proceed in a steady and oheerful voice: " You must make full allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has sustained." " Yes, yes," said Grey; "of course, any one would make allowance for'grief and even violent distress, but the man's conduct is niore than eccentric. Do you know what-he has done?" " No," I said. "mWhat?" "He is going 'to take' that poor dead young woman home to' Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the return of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-coming a good deal, and he says she shall cross the threshold of his house I dead,or living. Hu has given orders that a doffin'isto'be' made forher out of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, and, in the mean time, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces sionis to start from hereat 5 o clock to-morrow morning." " So soon ?" I inquired. "Yes, there has been an awful hurry about 1 everything.Allarraagementearenow,however, 1 complete. Raymond has engaged a special train, and the line is to be cleared along the entire rodtse; of course, st'enormoua expense. 1 He has asked me to accompany him, but now that you have arrived, that will scarcely be I necessary." i' Probably not," I answered. We .'had by this time entered the house, and Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a drawingroom where I had sat with Raymond a couple of days ago. .He was not present;. I looked around for him anxiously. " He is in the room with his poor wife," said Grey, noticing my -perturbed glance;' " he spends almost all his tme there. The worst place in the world for him, I should say, in his present state of nervous excite. ment." " Well, 'I must go and find him," I said : "'but before I do so I shall be glad if you will give me any particulars -in your I power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last I moments. When I left Llanmordaff two I nights ago, I had not'the slightest fears I for thepoor girl's life. I was anxious, of course, with regard to her state, but my I anxiety pointed altogether to her mental sondition. When did a change for the :worst take place, and why was I not tele graphed for immediately F" "There was no time. We none of us thought her dying; until she- was dead. I t visited her twice the night you left, and found her qniet and inclined to sleep. She seemed to like the woman I had soot in to nurse her pro tom., and askedhertosit by her and hold I her hand. The following morning she was t very quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at t about 10 o'clook, took her temperature, I which' was normal, and felt her pulse. It t was slow and fairlyregular. I notied, howu ever, a very grey hne over her face, and.won dered whather complexion was id health." "She had a bright complexion," I answered hastily. , "Well, abshelooked gry, but there-- were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and i Ithoughther desire for sleep agood sign and begged of the nurse to encourage it as much as possible. I spoke to Raymond hopefully, I poor fellow, and promised to call again at noon. ', :''l.was hindered coming until nearly one 'colook. I then saw her again; she was asleeP,' breathing easily and with a happy t emiloeon her face. About a quarter past three, I was just about to leave mnsousoe to seeea patient at a little distance, when the woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in a frantically and informed me, with a burst of i tears, thatMrsRaymondwaee dead. " . 'Sbe died in her sleep,' said the woman, i * without never a sigh or a groan. She just o stopped breathing, that was all.' ,tjI'rentover at once to the hotel to see her,,but Raymond had looked the door and p wouldnot allow anyone into the room. Ieven d tried to force an entrance, but' he- ;did not I listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. ' heard him muttering and moaning to him- d self, and in a couple of hours ho came out of the room with a wild expression in his eyes. a The momenthe saw me he told me I was a coonfounded tool,' "and used some more strongexpressions which I?do not care to re peat. I asked to seethe dead iWonlan. With a:great nath he swore that not a soul should look at her now again except himself." " Then you did not see her after deathi" I interrupted. "' No; there was no use in worrying the t poor fallow." ., S"And now ale is in,her coulina!" I aon tinued. c " Yes,. fastened up : all ready for her last I long journey." I said nothing further,, and.in a foev. moments ~as in Wll's presence. / . ' I must draw a veil over thie scene wlish i followed. ;Wil'sexoitementwasal too real; Hecould not keep still for a momont1 His I eyes were bright and glassy,hil hair unkempt ; he had not shaved or a day or two. The moment he saw me he ponred out a volley of t eager words. Then he burert into the most baeartrending groane I had ever listened to. she next moment his manner altered; he laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of the arrangement he had made for the funeral. "I have ordered them to light bonfires," he exclaimed. "Just the same as if Maggie were alive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our homo-coming. She shall have her coming home all the same, Halifax. myself will help tobear her across the threshold of her house and mine. She shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before she goes to join the other wives of our house inthe family vault. That will please her-yea, that will please her, poor darling." " But she won't know anything about it," I replied. W'il fixed me with his bright eyes. "How can you tell ?" he retorted.' " Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine? No, no; you' won't, get me to believe that. We are t~in :'spirits, and .it is im. ?ossible to part - us. There was a cloud over the sweet soul during the last few days of her life; but Death has lifted it, she is mine again now." He paused abruiptly here, looked his -hands together tightly, and gazed into the fire as If he were looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : 'I: havean impression, Halifax, that in the future a spirit wil..haunt Raymond Towers. Nothing will induoe Maggie to stay in her grave when I am living close to her. 'Do you believe in ghosts !" I" retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but to soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane at present, he was evidently on the borderland. I When he became a little more reasonable I tried to show him how more than aesurd his different arrangements were. "You think you are showing respect for your poor wife's memory for all this sort of thing," I said.' "But you are greatly mis- 1 taken-people will pity her and think that 1 grief for her loss has turned your brain." " It has not done that," be said, with a sort t of jerk of his shoulders. "I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if you t think, Halifax, that I care that"-snapping I his fingers with a loud click as he.spoke " for what" anyone thinks of - ue', you arr finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, but her spirit lives. All the future of- my life will be devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until until I meet her and clasp her again.'. ' There was an exalted sort of look about his face. I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing whatever for it but to humor him and let this ghostly. travesty of woe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He waseitting in the drawingroom of the 'inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to the clause which obliged him to certify the fant of death havlng taken place, he had recourse to words provided in c the certicate for medical men who had not seen the dead body. " I regret beyond words," I said, ' that you did not see Mrs Raymond after death. You i~e unable to state as an eye-witness that you a saw her. 'For mypartl should be glad to see the present law altered. 'I would make it' compulsory that no doctor should sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." " That would be well in most cases," answered Grey, " but there are exceptions, andi legitimate ones, as in this case. Yonmay remeniber that I did express a wish to see the e body, bInt was, prevented by Mr Raymond's v extraordinary behavior.' q "Well, it cannot be helped now," I said. "Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shook-the said syncope or shook d was caused by the railway accident which Ii occurred afew days ago. Were this known a coroner's inquest would have been neces- t, sary. We must be careful to say nothing is about it, however, for it would give her v husband intense pain, which is for every o reason to be avoided." t Certainly,'! said Grey. " By theway," I asked, "did the nurse, who must have arrived from London yester. p day morning, see the body?" n "No: Raymond would not allow her near the room. Of course, Mrs M'Allister, 5 the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and the under- 1 taker's men had to measure herfor the cotlin, or rather shell; but no one else has seen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. I am t told that ha put her- into the coffin himself t andl screwed the' lid down with his own a hands." I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my o room. , . . Ihad scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before I was awakened by u strange sounds in the room next to my own. a I started, and listened attentively. I sud. denly remembered that Mrs Raymond was a lying in her coffin in this room. a Pretty, bricht Miaggie Raymond I I re= d called her face as it was when I first saw it. h A more innocent and a happier face it would have been difficult to find, but even then I a was attracted by something peculiar in her v eyes-they were beautiful; but it was not el their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago.I saw her-for the k last time-she sat up in bed and'played with n her soft hair. Then the mystery whichdwelt it in her lovely eyes was solved. It was.latent o insanity which naveher that peculiar ex- d pression. This insanity had been. rudely awakeued into active life by the shook of the a railway accident. fi Well, nowall was over. Ashort life had come to an abrpnt termination. There was no.use worrying about Maggie-she hadgone si to join the majority. Nothing of life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, at my real regret, was for poor Raymond. it Through the long hours of the night I J heard him walking up and down the room which contained his wife's coffin. Now and tl then I heard his groans, and once, good God i I I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a a thrill of horror through me. Was his case d similar to his wife's? \Vas he, too, fast be. n coming insane ? I turned"over in my mind soveral plans for helping him, and ,in' the ci midst of my smeditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and-at fiveo'olookon this winter's morning, in the midst.of drizzling rain and, fog, we h steamed slowlyoutof the little station, carry- . ingall that was mortal of poor Mrs Raymond 1I bsok to her husband's home.. Ido notthink in my 'whole life I ever er- I parienced anything longer or more, utterly dreary than this journey. We had a saloon cc carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which a the coffin was placed. . ? , s I was glad to find thot the excitement or whichl had rendered Raymeond's conduct so strange the night before was now greatly at subdued. Ho was very quiet, soarcelyspeak. et l a word, but now and then laying bhis m big hand with a caressing movement on the Y lid of the coffin, and now and then looking outor the window and smillug. I did not like the smile, nor the sortof s satisfied expression on his face. Had hebeen li plunged in the deepest woe, I could h~ive un derestood him. 'He looked almost happy, however. I. saw plainly that: he wasas much in a world apart from mine as was the ye dead woman who lay in her coffin. I wondered how llthis was going to end, vi and' my fears with regard to Raymond's he mental condition were considerable. The longest journeys come at last to an m end, however, and in the darkness of evening es weearrived at a little wayside station three r miles dist nt from RItaymnond Towers. ft. Hero the stationmaster and several gentle. ol men 'from the neighborhood met us. They I' were all dressed in miourning, and I saw that l thias fact roused poor Raymond's indignation ns at once. I "I don't want this to beoa mournful pro- ot cession," he said, in a testy tone, to a neigh bor who came and with deep feeling shook the poor fellow by the hand. 'I am not S conventional, and I don't wish anything con. ti ventionalto be done. Wheroe is my steward?' b Where ls Borring P" It " Here, sir," answered thrman; taking otil his hat. ,t Borron, have you attended to.all: my. e orders --bonfires, and all that sort of thing ?" i, Becrring muttered somethinar which no one could quite distinguish. There was a bustle re a on the platform owing to the removal of.the f coffin, whidh- was placed on a bier coered e with a whits velvet cloth. At this moment a !touchiogthin- happened-sixyounggitsOae' forward and laid wreaths of white flowers on' e thoe coffin. They weredaughtersofneighbor e ing squires. This token of respect touched a Raymond, who went up and shook hands | ask anything more about the bonfires. I I saw the gentlemewn who had come to meet r him and to offer their hearty sympathy and t condolences looking atone-another I a very significant manner, andi also saw that the t r moment had come for me to interfere. t I went up and took my friend firmly by the 1 arm. 1 " Hands off,' he said, pushing me from t him with some violence. Bua I would not I notice this. " Come," I said, your. carriage ni wait Sing. Don't nmkic yourself remarkable;Ib of you, Raymond; . I am going with you in n the carriage. See, they areealready moving forward with " " \- "My wife-my bride 1" said Raymond. " How often we talked of this home-coming ! Halifax, my dear fellow, I feel dazed. What a has come to me'" b "You are tired and worn out," I answered, asothingly. "Come." 1 took his arm, and ii he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shallnever 1l forget that journey. The slow pace of the h mourning carriages, the solemn look of the hearse on in front. It was a moon-lit and o fine night, and the whole ghastly procession was, 1 could see, viewed the entire way by . lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Ray mond never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid h avenue which led to the Towers, and after a time drew up at theprincipalentrance, in the , centre of the pile of buildings. " This door is never opened except for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," said E Raymond, in a light tone. "Heigh-ho !" he I continued, " what a home.coming for 'the h, bonny bride." 0 -IHe sprang out of the carriage and went up in to the hearse. The bearers came forward to ao lift the coffin out. ? He pushed two of them he roughly aside, and himself helped to carry hi his dead wife across the threshold of her di home. he The coffin wasplaced on a raised dais in the he great central hall... This dais was completely I covered with- flowers. Raymond, having if helped to put the coffin in its place, turned et round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly bh performance was more than he had strength lo for. He suddenly gave way, covered his face with his big hands, and rushed from the scene. to I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave us. je They did so, evidently in- the greatest con sternation, and I felt a slight sense of satis faction as I closed the wide doors on the last m of them. An old. white.headed butler was standing th in the hall. His face was perfeootly scared. . " Good God !" he exclaimed. " May I ask, sir, if you're a doctor !:" S" Yes,"I replied. *" Can you tell me what's the matter with i1 my poor master ?" " He' is out of his mind for the time of bcilng."I answered, promptly. m " Then God help as all," replied the man. ca "What is your name ?" I inquired of him. to "Jasper, sir. I have served the family for nt close on thirty years. I was in the house when Mr William was born. He was never 1 quite like other lads, 'more shy like and an morose a bit-but, oh, the change in him Of when le got engaged to Miss Travers l+ Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young lady 1" " It was very sudden," I replied. " I will tell you about at later on. I don't mind say ng now that your master's condition fills me a withanxiety, but the best thing all the rest th of no can do is to keep our heads. .)Whatis the name of the steward?" ,~-yleming. MrBerring. - S"I -will see him by-and-by. Have all preparationebeen made for the funeral cere- fo: moany to-morrow" - - "I believe so. doctor-the oak coffin was sent in to-day." - "Tell Mr Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for the night." - - " He will sleep here to-night, sir." " That is gold." I replied. ""I am going H to your master now. Bring food and wine to let the study, and be in readiness to come to me, lei should I ring." go "Yes, doctor." r. The man retired, casting a pitying glance In on the white coffin, which was now almost th covered with flowers. - - p I looked at it, too: and could not help mi uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragedy hi: which it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his study, in warming his hands by a blazing fire. He had w anite recovered from his: temporary break-. w howin,' and once again I saw that awful smile wi hovering round his lips. oei "Come in," he said to me when he siaw me at the door; " not that we want youd- we are very happy here together ;: I know that' we should be.' I had no need to ask what be meant. I knew too well thatthis was a further develop- to ment of his insanity. He thought, poor be fellow that his wife was really bearing him no company. After -a moment's hesitation,' I determined to speak in a cheerful tone. Ei "' Ome, come," I said," even though you are happy you must not turn out an old CP friend." I drew achair forward as I spoke. C A frown crept over his face. to " She goes away when you come in,"' he wt shid. "I wish you would leave us." ' on "I will presently," I answered. "I want na some supper, and so do yen. Ah, and here an it comes.. Lay it on that table, please, in, Jasper; thanks, that will do nicely." st, The man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and insisted on Raymond's eatiisg. I was relieved to find that he was hungry, and ate a- good meal. I noticed that as he tul ate his face became less exalted and more Ito natural in expression. n"She's deed," he said, suddenly. " I can't quite realise It."-•------- ' " i, "Have a glass of herry'," interrupteid. He took it from my hand and tossed it off. " She's dead," he continued, " although her spirit has cometo me as I- knewit would. Here was the first dead body lever saw. She t looked beautiful in her last sleep." " I am sure she did," I answered- "I. I should liketo have seen her;". : " '- I always thought that dead people were cold," he continued; "but she was warm after death she was very warm. The noxt day tlh she was cold, but not icy-not as-books des- oh cribe the dead." ju ' She died suddenly and was young,'! I answered. "Sometimes chemical changes ao. count for warmth after death. Now, Ray, mond, I am going to see you to your earoom You must go to bed at once." th "No ; I shall stay here.'" "Just as you please," I answered. " There Pa is k sofahero, aoomfortable one.. ou, must vis lie down and go to sleep." "Mly dear fellow," he answered, "I haove not slept since Magge.died." ?,'-tYou will to-night, for 1 att going to give yoU a seeping drauht.' Sh uld she "I don think I'll take It. Shhould ash visit me again, she would think my conduct baj heartless." "?No, sho won't-she sleeps well, and so o must you. Come, lie -down. You need not an even undress ; all I want you to do is toe, rest." He was a bigger tnan than I, but I forced hin-,to obey me. IHeslay down. obodiently .on the sofa .. I 'put 't rug over him, and then going tmy g which lay on the floor, Itookout a.xsaUinmedlcame chest;. mixed a certain draoucht, and gave it to him. In fGve minutes he was esoundly p.leeoop, and l, cotld leave the room. ,- ,. - ' ?- - - rrin wase waiting to i;pik to- me. Old Jasper hovered about in the psssges. Baerring assred me that all was ready for the morrow's ceremony. I said I wished it to -bhas quiet as possible, aedlto tnke place early -l in the day: Berring sld this should be done, end proposed that Mr Herbcrt, the vloar,.who was to offoltate, should come ind'eeeo me that evening. - - I "I?wlsoo him to.morrow," l eaid.. " It is too late now." su Then the men began to rnueation me with no regard to Raymond. " Was he really in.. ki Ssane 7 Had Mr. Raymudn gone oudt or er mind befoiwshe died? " "I am sorry thatlam unble to.answer you,"' I replied. "' Mrs. .laymood died from the effects of sbttk,t caused by a railway accident, and her hubband's' mind is at present in a very disturbed cci dition. If great caxe is exeroised, however, and'he is spared all undue excitenient, I trusalsoon to see an improvement in him. I am now' going to sit in his room, and will wish you~good-night " _'he men zetiir , and I went softly back to the shaded study, and eat down in a chair by the fire. - Rymond was sound asleep. I knew that by his tranquil and regular breath ng. I also thought it extremely unlikely that e would wak'ebeforetho'morning. The' bromidia I had given him would produne deeper and deeper slumber as the hourwen by. There was poseibility also thathe might. awake calm,' self-possessed, and in his righbt mind onee more. (TO BE.CONTKhUED.) 