Sketcher. The Blacks of Zulinga Island. By HUGH HALCRO. What matters colour, custom, creed, If one has wrought a noble deed? Last Christmas we were on the road taking a mob of cattle North, and by the courtesy of the squatter through whose run we were passing had a holiday on Christmas Day. We enjoyed our rest, as you may suppose. Every one knows that last December was a blazing hot month, and riding after cattle was no joke. We did not make much use of our holiday except to lie about in the coolest spots we could find, smoking and yarning all day. There were six of us altogether—Harley Dunne was the drover, a hard old stick as could be found in a day's march. He had seen better days, I fancy, and perhaps that accounted for his hardness. In the evening we smoked and yarned again by the light of our camp fire, and there were some rattling good stories told. Even old Harley came out of his shell and gave us a blood-curdling ghost story. Then after a while we began to talk about the blacks. Harley expressed it as his opinion that they were a thoroughly bad lot, one and all. They had stuck up his wife once, he said, and he believed would have made short work of her if he had not arrived in the nick of time. "I can tell you," he added, "I did not mince matters with them." "I think," remarked Fred Grantley, "that they were not nearly so bad before the whites came and taught them a lot of bad habits." "Nonsense," said Harley, "they are an un- grateful murdering lot of ruffians. It's in their bones, and 'what's bred in the bone must come out in the flesh.' I know a man who took a little aboriginal of only 4 years old—just by way of experiment—brought him up almost as his own son, and had him educated really well. Then when the boy was 19—after fifteen years of civilised life, mind—he disappeared. His foster- father was fond of the lad, and spared no efforts to find him, and would you believe that that boy—used to all the refinements of a home, well dressed, well educated, and kindly, even affectionately, treated—had gone back to his tribe, and by no inducement could he be persuaded to return. He lived just as wild a life as the others after that, went about half- naked too—not that I think that would not be an advantage in weather like this," Harley added as he rubbed his perspiring face with his handkerchief. "No," he concluded, "I will never be convinced that there is any good in them." "I hold a very different opinion" said Fred Grantley; "they were very good to me once. White people might well take an example by the way they behaved." "Tell us all about it," rejoined Harley, and we can judge for ourselves." "Very well," said Fred, "but first let me tell you that it is no romance of mine; it is per- fectly true." Fred was a good sort of fellow, and we knew if he said it was true it was so. I shall give the story in his own words excepting that I shall alter names. "It happened two or three years ago I had been inland about twenty or thirty miles and had come to the seaport—which, by-the-bye, was a very small one—to meet the steamer for the North. It was the 23rd of December, just two days before Christmas. She was expected at about 4 in the afternoon, but for some reason or other did not come up to time, and the four other passengers and myself fretted and fumed over the delay. Woongari was a very hot place, and except for the surrounding scenery, which was extremely pretty, was un- interesting—a sandy peninsula, where the glare from the sand was very trying to one's eyes. The island of Zulinga was about four miles off across the channel, and looked to us who were already tired of Woongari a veritable Promised Land. I thought I should like to explore it if the steamer kept us waiting much longer, and made all possible inquiries about it from the few inhabitants of Woongari. There were, I was informed, about thirty or forty blacks, counting women and children, living on the island, the remains of what had been a fine tribe. " 'I suppose they are a vicious lot?' I remarked to my informant. " 'No,' he replied, 'they are not. They seem very simple; although I have heard that a boat was lost near their coast once, and the only survivor who was thrown on the island was killed and eaten. "There is an old man among them,' he continued, 'a hideous-looking old fellow. From his appearance he must be very aged, but he is tall and erect. His face is seamed with wrinkles, he is shockingly dirty, his hair and beard are gray, and his eyes, have a wicked look, but of course his age makes him harmless. The others don't seem to like him, and I have heard them say: "Old man, he no good that fellow. He killum man. Some day we killum that fellow." I fancy the old fellow may have been a cannibal, but the others seem harmless enough.' "Well, to proceed with my story: The expected boat did not arrive that day, and while wandering on the beach in the evening, where we were out of the reach of the mosquitoes which infested the hotel, another passenger and I made up our minds to borrow a boat and go for a sail over to the island on the morrow, Christmas Eve, provided, of course, that in the meantime our boat had not arrived. "Next morning there was still no sign of our tardy steamer. There was a pretty stiff breeze blowing, and we were strongly advised not to attempt sailing on such a day, but we set out. I was well used to the handling of a small boat, and had no fear of coming to grief. Randon, the man who had agreed to go with me, said that he knew very little about boat sailing, but was willing to trust me rather than endure the monotony of the hotel life for another day. "When we got a little way off the land we found the breeze was stronger than we had imagined, but we rather enjoyed the rough weather. We had to tack about a good deal, and managing the boat I found was hard work. As Randon had confessed, he knew very little about it, so could not give me much assistance. All went well, however, until we were within about half-a-mile of the island, when it got decidedly squally. One squall stronger than usual came. I let go the sheet at once, but the rope being new the water which we had shipped had so swelled it that it got jammed in the cleat. Of course it would not run, and before I could get my knife out to cut it the boat capsized, and we were thrown into the water. "I can swim like a fish, but Randon, as he had told me before, swam like a stone. As soon as I rose to the surface I dived for him. Luckily our boat had an anchor, and this fall- ing out when she capsized kept her from drift- ing seaward. Telling Randon to hold on to the boat, I considered for a moment what was best to do. Poor fellow! he was pitiably frightened, and began to talk about his wife and children. I thought I could manage to take him ashore if we divested ourselves of our clothing. I took mine off first, then Randon's. He had laced boots, I remember, which took a long time to get off. Then tell- ing him to hold on to my shoulders we started for the shore, but he was helpless as a log in the water, and before we had gone very far I saw that we should both be drowned if I tried to go on. Swimming against wind and tide made it hard work. I took him back to the boat and told him to hold on to it, and I would swim ashore and send some of the blacks to his rescue. "It was a very long swim, but I did it. As I reached the shores of the island a number of gins came running down to meet me. I just managed to tell them about Randon, and asked them to send their Benjamins to his aid, when from sheer exhaustion I fainted. "When I came to myself I was lying near a fire, and was rolled in blankets. One gin was rubbing me, and another blowing into my nostrils, and I can tell you that, old and hideously ugly as she was, she looked to me then like an angel of light. "What happened to Randon, as I afterwards learnt, was this: Leaving three of the gins to attend to me, the others went to look for the men to send them to Randon's rescue. Three of them set out in their frail little canoes, which were never meant for stormy weather. They tried to persuade Randon to put a hand on two of their canoes and they would paddle him ashore. But this he would not do, although had he done so he would have been perfectly safe. One of the blacks went in his frail little barque to the mainland for help. "Imagine it! he had four miles of stormy sea to paddle through in his mere cockle-shell of bark. As for herosim—I am sure you may believe me when I say that the blacks are brave. People prate about philanthropy. There was philanthropy in its highest form, so far as that tribe was concerned at all events, whatever others might be. "The blackfellow reached the shore safely and gave his information. 'Two whitefellow out there. One fellow stop alonga boat; one fellow stop alonga island.' "There was great excitement at once. Of course they thought 'one fellow stop alonga boat' meant that one was drowned. "Luckily a small cutter was lying on the beach, hauled up for repairs. By main strength she was rushed into the water, and a party of about ten men went to the rescue, taking the brave blackfellow with them. The sea was so wild and the cutter heeled over so much that sometimes they thought they would not be able to manage her, for the wind had risen in the last hour. Great seas swept the deck of the boat, and as they were going against wind and tide they had to tack about a good deal. It was a wild sail, but they did get over at last, and one and all of them wondered at the cour- age which had brought an untaught, unchris- tianised black through so stormy a sea to do service to his fellow- man. "As they neared the island they saw two black objects bobbing about in the seething foam. Coming nearer they found that these were the canoes of two blackfellows. One of the blacks was sitting in his canoe, and guard- ing that belonging to the other fellow, who was sitting on the upturned boat holding up Randon. They had wrapped him in one of their blankets, and he was almost incap- able of any effort. Poor Randon! He looked a miserable object, the rescue party told me, his eyes half-closed, his long mous- tache drenched and limp, whilst both he and the blackfellow were up to their waists in water. There they sat, cold and wretched, while the waves buffeted them pitilessly. The poor black- fellow who had so bravely held Randon up for two hours was almost dead beat. His teeth chattered as if with ague, his face was of a dull gray, and as they lifted him into the cutter he was perfectly stiff. Some brandy, however, soon revived him. The blacks, as you know, cannot stand much exposure to cold and wet. "When Randon told me that while he was waiting he 'had been drowned nine times over' I was able to imagine what his brave preserver must also have suffered. "Now amongst that mere handful of men there were at least two heroes, and no doubt the other who sat in the canoe was quite as brave. If one man in a hundred amongst us did so brave a deed as either of theirs he would be lauded to the skies. "Afterwards the cutter came for me, at the same time landing the blacks. We sailed back to the mainland, and that night some one went round with the hat, and we collected a good sum for the benefit of the islanders. The next day—Christmas Day—we sent them over a good supply of provisions—tea, sugar, flour, rice, tobacco, blankets, and shirts. The whole tribe corrobboreed for a fortnight afterwards. "The tardy boat did not arrive until late on Christmas Day, but our time of waiting was fully employed in getting over the effects of the previous day's adventure. I shall never forget that Christmas, and I don't think Ran- don will either." 