Caapter XYIIL—Ghosts. When morning came Inspector Hilton de parted with his troopers and the priBoneri, the latter in the coach; and indue coarse delivered them over to the governor of her Majesty's gaol at Bathurst. There they were tried in strict cohfprmity with the law made and pro vided to deal with such malefactors and sen tenced to death for murder and highway robbery. _ The governor of the provinoe was pleased in consideration of the youth of the younger convicts to commute their sentenoes to imprisonment for life. But to Cowler there was no leniency shown—his record was of too dark a dye; and he suffered the extreme penalty of the law, with a curse on Roland } Grrantley upon his lips. During hiB life he had been frequently charged with cowardioe and we know he was a low repulsive ruffian, but it' must be allowed that when death came he met it with fortitude. Some said his kicking his boots off amongst the crowd that Burrounded the gallows was mere bravado. Perhaps it. was; in any case the subject is not a savory : one, and it is without regret that We filially part with Mr. Dan Cowler in these pages. Over-night resolutions may seem to be.of the most irrevocable character, but the morning not infrequently alterB the mo3t.adamantine • resolve. Gfantley had determined to start for home immediately after breakfast, but, to begin with, his arm was still extremely painful and he still very tired. Then, again, where . was the urgent necessity that he should leave. such pleasant quarters in hot. haste? His horses would be all the better for a spell. The latter argument derived additional force from an inspection of Jollyboy's steed, which showed unmistakable evidence of yesterday's gruelling. Even the steel-wire muscles of the, • Star gave signs of the great effort of the pre ceding evening's gallop. ' s After a careful examination of both animals ■ the blaokboy, to his extreme relief, received orders to turn them out in the paddook again and disport himself as he pleased, which he: proceeded to do by going to sleep for most of ' the day. Roland was the recipient of much attention and even some petting from the ladies. His arm had to be fomented and bandaged. Miss. Clara satisfyng herself that' the commonest humanity demanded this. He was a guest and had done them an immense service, besides . his injury was received in their defence,: as it, were. She must be civil to him, there could be no doubt of that, while' he stayed. This . reasoning was most conclusive, but it did not require that Miss Ingleton should fee! restless and wander aimlessly about when the visitor, was taken by his host to look at some of the " stook and kept out of doors for an unconscion able time, as is the provoking manner of men, particularly squatters. , , The afternoon made amends, however, for . Mr, Ingleton went off on station bosiness, and the mistress of the house had domestic duties ' to occupy her, so that the guest was left to the care of the young lady. The situation was thus decidedly favorable to violent love-makiDg; the wounded hero alone with the rescued damsel in a country house. She, too, was fair . to see as any of the bewitohing daughters of Eve, as well as bright and animated in,manner _ . and conversation ; yet the gallant allowed the day to pass without speaking one word of ad- ' miration, still less of love. As evening fell he strolled away on the first opportunity by himself, angry and impatient that he was hot stifred by her beauty and- , other attractions. • "It is useless,"'he muttered bitterly, "I., shall never more love a woman; I will bid my latestdreamgood-byeandleavehere to-morrow. If I could but have felt the slightest love, as I understand it, for this girl I would ask her even yet to be my_ wife and honestly try to forget she past, but it cannot be. In her pre sence I am only the more reminded of Petrel, and the old all-absorbing love is strong as , ever." ^ ... Long he strove with himself, and when he - returned it was with a moody brow and con-■" strained manner. On retiring, for the night: he intimated thathemuatdeny himself thepleasure of a further stay and start for home to prepare for the coming shearing., . - To. this proposal Mr. Ingleton refused to - listen. " Not at all," he said, " you shall remain for a week yet; then I will drive yon part of the way,: it will be easier than .riding, and I am ' going your way." „ " ; In vain Grantleyprotested ; hesimply pooh poohed all objections and finally left the room, ' proulising to return in a few moments",,.Clara, : during this colloquy, had.passed with'an ab- ' . sorbed air out of the open window on to the verandah, where Roland now followed her, " Miss IngletoD," he said .think-lam insensible of your kindness, for I , deeply feel all that you have done and all that : yon are willing to do." "If we are to believe these protestations," she'replied, affecting a bright tone, "why are you in so great a hurry to leave us "I left Moolahalla at a very inconvenient time' for a< speoifio object, which has been accomplished, and I am now anxious to return to iny duties." " And we, your old friends, whom you cover with obligations, count for nothing in this rigorous regard for duty 2" For a moment he turned away as if he would have left her; then he came back to her side, "Miss Ingleton," he said, "this afternoon I resisted a great temptation. It was to profess a love I cannot feel. I am a lonely man with a eorrow.that never leaves me. From a selfish standpoint it would be pleasant to have Borne one to love and console me by her sweet and gentle presence. Once I thought of asking you to.be my wife, but it would neither be for \- your happiness nor mine. It is better that I should go and that you should forget that such a man ever orossed your path. There is a brighter future in store for you than any it is • in my. power to offer." She leaned on the back of a chair, as if for support, while he spoke, but now drew her self up. "I will not affect to misunderstand you,5' -she replied, "for I owe you too much to do that. . I was wrong to wish you to remain after what you told me when we parted last, 'but there seemed to be a change in you. And • —and—forgive me and good-bye!" When he looked up she was gone. ♦ . * •* •* * * Roland Grantley slept little that nieht, but appeared at breakfast fully equipped for the road. Many were the regrets of his host and .hostess at'his departure, though they ceased to urge his remaining. Clara said nothing on the Bubject, but with her own pretty,hands she-prepared some lunch for the traveller,-and when he left shook hands bravely, as women deeply wounded can do. She even went out to the Star and patted the arched neck, then, as he bent bis proud .head towards her, she gently kissed the white star in the broad frontal. It was her last fare well to horse and rider, neither of whom she was to see again. Then she went to her room and from her window watebed them fading away in the distance across the plain, all the while silently bidding adieu to her love's young dream. Alas! how different it might have been both for her and for him if the Fates had been less inexorable! But not so will the .Stern Sisters condone the - sins of those who barter away for a mess of pottage, or even vast store of worldly wealth, the enduring love of a life. The owner of Moolahalla returned home with very mixed feelings. A profound de pression weighed upon during the whole jour ney. It was not that he regretted the oppor tunity which he had thrown away of asking Clara Ingleton to share his lot, for he never doubted such a step would have ended disas trously ; but it did seem hard that he should never forget his youthful passion or even learn to think of it with composure. It was, how ever, useless struggling any longer, and he. determined that when shearing was bver he would go down to tbe old place and see Petrel again. It might be that she had utterly torn him from her heart; in any case she must be growing old, as women quickly do in hot climates; perhaps she was a mother and be smiled sardonically as he thought how the sight of that oncei perfectly-proportioned form grown Btoub and mis- shapen must disillusionise him; Should she, however, be B&ill; beautiful as ever and hold the same' sway over him. he would sell out and leave the country, taking her with him, if she could be induced to go; if not, he would go himself, never to return. Pondering all these things over in his mind as he rode along he at last braced himself up to the stern resolve. " She will fly with me, or I will cast her image from, me and return to ask Clara Ingleton to be my bride. Ten years of tbe best of my life are gone in vain repining and useless grief. Am I never to cease passio nately craving for one woman until my man hood has slipped away 2" (To be continued.) 