Society and Fasliion. Bv Rita. The Mayoress of lie bourne's Reception — Pretty Wedding— Charity Entert imments— Curlew CInb's . Gamival — " Men Who Cannot Dance, etc." j The Mayoress of Melbourne field the first; of a series of Tuesday afternoon receptions, to be continued , during this month, on Tues- dav 7th insL The af fcemoon was wet and every body seemed to have -doianed wet weather relothes. Lven those who arrived in carriages did not display 'remarkable toilettes then, I j ' met nearly, all of them, after at the two lead- j ingdrap&ry; warehouses, where the first spring show of millinery and dressse was being ( made, which called to my mind that they 1 are not buying new winter habiliments just now, and that the ones they are wearing bwa maby» mm ICnAWinn MAalVAi? in u CU.G bvviiuoua auaw uuvwwwu avwMfw « pretty winter gown, and amongst her callers were Mrs Ryan, Mrs Jacob? (Mayoress of St. Hilda, Mrs dago (Mayoress of Richmond), Lady Clarket in handsome mourning toilette; Baron Von Meuller, M. Dsjardin, M. Pontiata, Miss Rowan, Mrs Simson, Mrs Moieswortb, Mr Zeal and several hundred more. A very pretty wedding was celebrated at the Richmond Congregational Church by the Rev. F. H, Browne on on 7th inst, at 5 p.m., Mr A. Thompson and Miss Edith Ehelan _ Capeness were united in matrimony. The bride was given away by her lather, and at tended by Misses Thompson, Ettie Duncan, Fanny Thompson and Eisie Taylor. The groomsmen were Messrs Pcrfcer and E. Cape ness, and Mr Harris was best man. The bride was attired in ivory figured siik, trimmed with orange flowers. She albo car ried a Ronalds bouquet. The bridesmaids' hocks were extremely pretty. Misses Thompson and Duncan wore heliotrope crepon tri i.med with satin, the others cream silk. Mr T. Y. Day presided at the orjzan, and played See the Conquering Hero Comes" on the arrival of the bridegroom, .and the wedding chorus from Lea Hugue nots" at the conelusioii of the cere mony. The church had been - prettily decorated by the friends of the bride, and after the ceremony the company ; assembled at the Oddfellows Hall, Richmond, where breakfast was laid, and where a dance was given by the bride's parents in the even ing. 'The happy pair left on a secret honey moon early ia the evening. The presents .were numerous and costly. The Curlew Club has always been foremost in assisting various charities. Last we k it has been doing a little boriness on its own account — all about a piano. A handscme instrument has been acquired, and has to be' paid ftuy so . the Curlews have not. been 'backward in coming forward"' to ask toe numerous friends they have made to help them over the piano. From all I have seen now, for on opening day the carnival pro mised well, and business has been brisk since. Mrs £nowden opened the bazaar and said just the right thing, and then was f resented with a bunch of flowers. Mr Snow- en said a few words, and amongst those who testified to sympathy with toe Curlews Mr and Mrs Grimwade, a host of well known amateurs in various ''lines,'' and purchasers trotted up to the well arranged stalls. By the way, scuffed curlews were, appropriately enough, part cd the decorations. The Helping Hands Bali was held on lOto inst. in the Shire Hall Camberwell under the auspices of toe Camberwell Masonic Lodge. The ball, which was in aid of the local charities, was under toe patronage of J I XI T iutivTvvtouuLau U JJWIJ uujfUMfuU| OiT VY . and 'Lady Clarke and others. AJmimto arrangements had been made by a s trong committee, and the company broke up at mid- night, after having combined pleasure and charity— a fashionable combination these days. A recital arranged to call attention to toe capabilities of Miss Sybil Holt, a young pianist mid. vocalist, took place at toe Awcta-ai Salon on evening, of 10th inst. when an in teresting programme was contributed by Miss Holt and her friends. Mies Holt's perform ances were suoh as to justify very sanguine hopes for her success in the musical world at no distant date. At toe entertainment given in toe Theatre Royal os 10th inst is aid of toe Victorian In fants Home special interest was centred on toe comedietta, Emancipated, the joint production of Messrs F. Critohley and E. Ssss. The piece was received in a manner that' must have been exceedingly gratifying to these gentlemen, and had the advantage of being admirably interpreted. . The brilliant audience showed the greatest interest in the sketch of the advanced lady, and on difc Mr Sam is going to take toe moroeau to England with him ; if go, I hope— and no doubt it will be " more anon," as they say in the plays. A correspondent sends me a lengthy wail apropos my recent remarks on men who oanhot danee, toe gist of which is that some womoi oannot dance, end then, apparently tofnking he Is giving tit for my tat, he says unkind womqu daeeers in g«nerah J j; wonl poinjw bu ;;Jte "hil wtMnenias a ltuie, ate pienVajsd when thfey afnot gurely it"xiotAo grotesque for toem tG ba pifllea torough — toey are mostly 'docile and go wheiq they, are pulled — as for six feet solid — heels down,' remember— to be pulled through by one of these' golden -Hair edi" airy, LilMems," who .on toe tips is about up to his waist, and who tugging as t bough paid by the tug really finds the odda coo heavy to make - muchTiead way ! Regarding the litcle grudge my correspondent wculd seem to have agalnet me, I would point out that I merely srep.- tioned toe hard work sonae girls had, and requested those imposing it to keep their heels up, mid go where they were pulled, j said nothing uckind about men dancers in general, nor even about those who cannot dance, for jiext to the Accomplished dahoer, the best fun is to be had out of the gentleman who invites you to " pull him through.' Here is an excerpt from toe gentleman s letter : — " You say. to man, one of the first principles in dancing is to keep toe heels off / toe ground. Quite right,: Rita, and do wish yon could inculcate that first principle into toe minds (or feetl- of the average ball room girl. Site needs inculcating badly/' _ Is this true ? I think it is inoorrept as applying to the "average" girl. The "average" ball-going girl is a fair dancer, though no doubt 4 some" need that first prin ciple driven home. . ; Another passage, referring — I take it— to the gait of seme girls, is worth their con sideration. It touches on a topic I have -often meant to refer to wheu other matters would 4 let xae get round to it," as the Americans say. By virtue of coming fiom the other sex and the homely simile used it will be . more impressive than anything I could hope to say. Here it is : 44 Really a. fellow cannot feel very proud either of .himself or his partner when the latter in six cases nut of ten flops round the ballroom like a goose at Christmas time when the end is oloe at hand. It is no exaggeration to say that there are girls by the ecore whose movements are painful to witness." This, I think, is & true bill. Many girls who are pretty dancers have not the ghost of an idea of the way to promenade. They donot take a dozen steps before one can see that they have never been taught to carry themselves. Their shocking gait spoils tfee appeatance of many prettily dressed pretty girls amongst cur bon ton. TVith some I fancy the gait is affecta tion pure and simple to be swagger, noncha lant, debonnaire — whatever you. like; with others it is awkwardness pure and wimpfc However, toey really do 44 flop round," «»d " to oarey one's self " is not of their vocabu lary, nor would it be comprehended in its entirety when it was of smother's. Yet it is a little thing worth learning this 44 to carry one's self." Just one more of toe many terrible charges thin gentleman — who pleads 15 years ex perience in support of what he says — has brought against you. 44 As for graceful, steady waltzing or correct movements in the Lancers or other_ quadrille, she (i;e., the Melbourne giri) is entirely out of it." No, not 44 entirely." Some waltz very well ; in fact, it is one of the test danced dances here, only dancers frequently waltz all the round danoee, which makes it very monotonous. Ibis when they do not know their steps for the others, and—here I agree with our oritio — thsy often waltz in toe square danees instead of going through toe " correct movements." In fact, I heard a gentleman airily impressing this rule, admittedly his own, M When in donbfc,waltx." Tediffer- Qaceof toe movmnmitBin too vioe-ngfl sets and some others here ib often most maiked, \- . And it would be worth while few those' ' oooarion ef occasions for playing fantastic tricks, and showing off their waltzing to remark the iptacef iu and " conreot movements " of Lord and Lady Hopetoun. . Some other eiriptureB in this epistle do riot apply to the dancing at the imBt balls here. The above do, hence the excerpts. ; - The attention of onr readers isdrawnto the stive; tisemeut of the attractive riearing sale of. Messrs Richards rind Co., Bourke street, Mel bourne.; It is announced as the final clearance of the season, and the prices are especially note worthy. 