PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Obtuoh of South Australia met at the Flinders - street Leature Hall on Tuesday; Sept. 11. The Acting-Moderator (Rev. A. O. Sutherland, B.D.) oooupied the chair, and after oondueting the opening aervioea he de livered, the following address on "Reoent and Present Events in Our Religious Lite " It is to myself as well as to you a oause of muoh regret that I should be obliged to appear before yon again as Moderator owing to the resignation of our esteemed brother, the Rev. Mr. Main. Our good wishes will follow him in his retirement, and our prayer is that his 1 health may be re-established, eo that hie ex perience and powers may be etill of use to the Church be has served eo faithfully. I propose 1 to refer very briefly to reoent, and indeed present, oiroumatancee in the eoolesiestioal life of our oolony. These oertainly are of very muoh interest in various direotions to all who take an interest in the moral and religious wellbeing of the community. What has tran spired shows in a manner not to be mistaken that human nature is etill capable of being in terested, roused, and stirred even to excite ment in matters that are not material, but spiritual, when a man with Bpeoial powers" and gifts takoe it in hand. In most men there lie beneath the apparently solid orust of oustoul, formality, greed, ambition, or frivolity deep waters, waiting to flow upwards when the piercing word reaches j tbera. We havo had fresh proof given to Us that the Spirit of God worketb, when where, and how He pla&seth; that the Almighty is reaily independent of speoial organizations, though to some mindB it is almost a scandal that He should work graciously outside olear out lines drawn by properly constituted Synod or Oouocil, Eastern or Western. The main point is the organizing life, not the resultant organization, which is always chang ing, always casting off waste material and assimilating new. What has happened amonpet us in these days may be referred to as an illustration of this obvious, bat not prac tically accepted, commonplace. Let me draw attenton in the first place to the departure of Bishop Reunion from our Bborea to oocupy a more august position—it is so at least froua certain points of view in the larger and fuller life at home. We have no hesitation in testifying gladly to the influenos for good which he exerted, not only in his own oommunion, but in the community, where his position gave him an opportunity to address himself to all. But be had more than the van tage ground of his position; be was, though not without limiting qualities, fit to use it. I don't think God ever takes an ass to do the work of a warhorse, external advantage or no advantage. With no pretension to genius, varied learning, or overmastering elo quence, and with bis outlook on the religions world narrowod by tbe insnlar Anglioanism—specially insular in this ones— of Dean Ho«k, of firat-clase parochial fame, as distinguished from the nobler Anglioanism of English Hooker and Amerioan Brooke, Dr. Reunion has nobly pressed opon%s the oUims of the spiritual life. Weregret his limitation, but rejoice in his fidelity to his conriotions, the graoe of _ his character, tbe good he accomplished in apite of tbe Dean Hookian line whioh prevented him from doing more than sooially shaking hands with men more enriched with the gifts of the Spirit and with brighter apostolio seals to their ministry than were allowed even to him. We shall follow his oareer with much interest. As I am dealing with this subject, supreme in its importance, permit me to oall attention to a powerful article in the ourrent number of tbe Nineteenth Century by that great theo logian, Mr. Gladstone, dealing with this very question of ehaking hands aoross the lines of Dean Hook. Tbe brave old veteran has a theory of the Church, though modified from what it was sixty years ago, whioh makes the Churchof England ior England the ground and pillar of the truth, and therefore, acoording to all rule, the speoial graces of Christianity ought to be found and flourish there alone. But then John Bunyan, Hilton, Rutherford, Dr. Dale, and thousands more of equal faith, if not of genius, did nut, and do not, rest on this pillar. The aooomplisbed scholar has the same difficulty in reconciling the undoubted facts with his theory that the Oalvinist has in reoonoiling freedom with predesti nation, or the philosopher in resolving the | contradictions that meet him in consciousness. Sensible men aooept them aa both true. Mr. Gladstone oannot boldly acquit non-episcopal Churches of heresy and schism, even though they hold the great verities of the apostolic doctrines. He would go further than Bishop Reunion in Christian fellowship, would step aoross the line a bit with suob Ohnrohes on the ground, among others, that their position is the sohism of Jeroboam, and not the rebellion of Rprata and his olan. This is an advance in the right direction, for Jeroboam's throne was given to him bv God ; hie sin was not sohism, but idolatry. The tempting subject must be passed from. Permit me to glanoe for a moment at the bright Presbyterian lights that have illuminated or are illuminating our southern firmament. We used to bs called grim, austere, without capacity for fun, humour, or laughter. I trust extremes won't meet in onr oase, and that we ehall not be set down as oomio. With regard to tbe general ntteranoes of Dr. Talmage on the p'atform I have nothing to Bay. They amused—a very legitimate thing—and eo served their purpose. Aa a pulpit orator, too, though perhaps superficial, be has helped thousands. But when he deals with one of tbe moBt awful, solemn, grave, and far-reaoh ing questions of this day, or of'any day, one dues wish that more knowledge had been shown, that oritioism had not degene rated into something like burlesque, and that the speaker bad called to mind the wordH of the psalmist—" I do not exeroise myself in great matters, or in things too wonderful for I me." Mr. MoNeill in hie genial way has told us ministers that we feed onr people on spoon meat. A oandid friend told me once that he got no meat at all, whioh was harder still. Well, we had to feed in days gone by on very solid meat indeed—for instanoe, Butler's 'Sermon on Ignorance.' Thai at leant I suggested speculative modesty. I onoe go* a very praotioal lesson, ft sharp I one, well fitted to keep me from j pronouncing judgment on what I did not understand. Some nautioal aubjeot wai started in conversation on board a steamer at whioh I was present. It wae long ago, when one was young and dogmatio. X bad probably read an artiole od the snbjeot, ana eo was oonfideut I knew •11 about the matter. I opposed the view of a bronzed gentlemanly fellow-passenger. Se fixed hia eye twinkling with an amused kindly compassion on me, end aaid, ' Well, I hare been in command of a ship for twenty year* on the great oceans of tbe world.' Siooe then'I do not oare to dogmatize on navigation if a stranger be present; he may be a brother of tbe captain who spitted me so deftly. Dr. Talmoge informed us that the eoientifio men of Adelaide had given up evolution. I don't , know, but I venture to aey that no evolutionist | ever held that man has descended from an . ape. lie does any that the ape and we have common blood in our veiua, and even goes lurther and says that the germs of the noblest j virtues are to be found in an anoestry muoh lower down the unbroken atream of life. This ] may be atheism, but then Soorates was oalled an atheist, and almost all the soienoes had to meet tbia baptism of fire, to the abame, not of •oieuoe, bat of something else. At the same ] time one is glad to sue that Lord Salisbury I has reminded the British Association, of . whioh he is President, not of tbe j triumphs of knowledge, bat of the ignor- . snoe whioh baffiae it. Not long ego one of ' our distinguished men of science here epoke of the million of years needed to make good his theories. But one is reminded that the i mathematical investigations of Tait and Lord ' Kelvin make serious inroads on these millions. Professor Drnmmond has just told as that evolution has found a plaoe for God in the ; universe, in whioh without pause He worked ( hitherto. Let us leave the matter to those who understand; their eyes are sharper than ! ours, and flaws of every kind in work of this nature will sooner or later be found out. ; Our work is different, and it is more j than enough for ns. I oannot refrain from quoting a really wonderful passage from the ( latest deliverance of Huxley, an avowed enemy, not so muob of_ Christ as of tbe theo logies associated with his name. After point ing out that aooial progress means a obeoking of the oosmic prooess, whose skirts are dyed in the blood oi the weak, he goes on to say that what is demanded of us now is not the I struggle whioh seoures the survival of the fittest. 'In place of ruthless self assertion it (goodness) demands self-restraint; j in place of throating aside or treading down all oompetitore it requires that the individual shall not meroly respect, but shall help his I fellows; its influence is directed, not so ! muoh to the survival of the fittest as to i the fitting of at many as possible to j survive. It repudiates tbe gladiatorial theory of existence' (The Romanes Lec- 1 tore). Huxloy has not told us where he I found this noble testimony, seeing that the ; cosmos, or Nature, says, 'It is not in me,' but let not that prevent us from saying Teverently amen. Perhaps those who charge Christianity with immorality beoause it says . the same thing will listen to him, though they regard Paul as an absurdity. I am not going to say much with respect to that brave and distinguished servant of God -who is now spending himself among us, and that beoause I am in sympathy with, in what he oalls his speciality, the emphasizing of certain aspects and truths of God's revelation. One reoalls on hearing him or reading him a legend of one of his ancestors, who, whatever his theory, practised with energy and suocess the gladiatorial method of existenoe. The tradition is tbat after he had dined it wae the custom to send to the top of the tower of his gloomy castle on a rook in the Atlantio a herald to proclaim after a blast from his trumpet, 'MoNeill has dined, others may follow suit.' His modern namesake has preached, and most of us must be content to follow him at a distance. He has found his epsoial work, and blsssed is he we are told who has done so: but Christ has other specialists of a different kind, and though he may not like some of them—they have been led on a different road from him—he must not judge. Mr. McNeill pleads for the old, and that rightly, but then be has mads it new. ; MoCheyne would be shocked at muoh in his method, bnt it dees not follow that he is wrong. The Bible truth is a much wider thing than one's experience of it. He has i come to ns at a time wben we were psrplexed, J humiliated—when what wo thought stable as ths hill of God crumbled into dust like an exposed mummy—with ft true word whioh will not fall to the ground. He has nobly vindi cated the plaoe of preaching as a trne means of grace, as an instrument in the hand of the Holy Ghost—has asserted the right of the prophet as against the usurpations of the priests. How rich most oar Saviour be, seeing that there is euoh a rich variety in ths order of His servants. Carlyle, in his ; psthetio notice of the death of Edward Irving, referring to hia popularity, saysSyren songs, as of a new moral reformation (sons of mammon were to become eons of God, and the i gnmffowers of Almaok to be made living roses ' of Eden), sound in his inexperienced heart moib seductive, most delusive. Fashion then j went her idle way to sazeon Egyptian crooo diles, &o.;, and forgot this man.' I quote the passage for the olosing words. Let ns pray thst with ae there may ba no snoh forgetful nets, at least of the message." The report of tbe Welfare of Youth Com mittee was submitted by tbe Rev. G. 0. Love, i B.D. The Rev. J. T. Robertson, M.A., moved—"That tbe report bereoeived and the committee thanked, especially the oonvener, for their work; that tbe Assembly expresses great satisfaction that the scheme is being so gnnerally taken up, and commends it to tbe earnest consideration of all our congregations thst have not already adopted it." The Rev. A. Lawson, M. A., seconded the motion, whioh was oanied. Tbe following is the list of members pre sent:—Presbytery of Adelaide—The Rev. J. Lyall Mid' Mr. T. W. Fleming, Flinders*' street, Adelaide; theRev. D. Paton, D.D., and Mr. J. Watson,CbalmorsChnroh, Adelaide ;thf Rev. J. T. Robertson, 91. A., and Dr. Robet" son,'St. Andrew's Ohurob, Adelaide; Mr. J. W. Lgon. St. Giles, Norwood; Mr. J. - Laught, Goodwood; the Rer. A. O. Suther land, M.A., B.D., and Mr. M. Maoinnes, Port Adelaide; the Rer. J. Gordon, GaWler; the Rer. W. Tassie, Wallaroo. Pres bytery of Onkaparinga—The Rev. A. Lawand Mr. O. Patterson; Monarto; tbe Rev. ii. O. Love, M. A., B. D., and Mr. A. Caldwell, Strath albyn; the Rev. H.T. Hull and Mr. J. Murray, Monnt Pleasant; the Rev. B. C. Matthews and Mr. W. F. Hughes, Woodside and Lobethal; the Rev. A. Lawaon, M. A., Monnt Barker and Nairne. Presbytery of Belalie—TbeRev. W. R, Milne and Mr. R. Gilohrisb,Clare; the Rev. A. Fraser and Mr. J. Cram, Jamestown ; the Rev. R. Mitchell and Mr. J. Holdswortb, Port Augusta; the Rev. P. MoLeod, Spalding. 