CABINET COUNCIL. PliEsKNT : AH II,r .Uldls/,' PREMIER I'-/,.V,-fullyI. • How now, ye ecret, black Your laces and sour-faced |K>I>, what is 'L yv do 1.>nIT :i- S1,ii-Jn" speeches. You wore not w.iiil in be si, dull. Have yuu been taking somc- 11 ] 1 n'_T that liii.-: disagreed witli you r ( I'LOUH i.i N. —Yes, tlie ]!ud^c-T — vour fooiish Budget. PREMIER (/J'LIH'/). — Carter's Budget, you mean. CARTER.— Listen to him! This is adding insult tn injury. Vou all know that I am, like vour.-I !VLV. Imt tl.e instrument, in the hand of this man. As lie nipt?', to have we to dance. 1 wish I had never liud anything to do with a Budget. i w ; eut out for a humorist, not a financier. U'I.OOHLEN.-- A fuii-am-ier. CARTER. - Don't joke, Bryan, please: fun and figure.: do not fraternise. PREMIER.— ' alter, you remind me of the story of the man - JiiKiu -This is not an Ovid's Art of Love story. 1 hope. I'KEMIEE.. oh. no. The man was arrested for stealing dunks at Brighton, lie was brought up at the police court and the charge sheeted home to him. The evidence was conclusive, and the Bench, before passing sentence, asked him if he had anything to say. " Yes, 1 have,'' said the prisoner. " a tpwl 'leal to s.iy. I've got to say that I wish lo heaven I'd never touched the blooming duets."' <'.m:TI:I:.--That's my case. I wish to heaven I'd never touched the bio.lining Budget, However, it's all ..vol now. K.IIVW, 11. a long taivwell, to all my gieatlies.-. (I'LHIII I.I.N. — It's a mighty harrud thing to have to turru out now ju^t when we were getting comfortable and used to the hustling idleness of office. ].'i. , HAI(Usii:.v-lt is cruel, cruel '. We are never certain ol anything m this micertain lile below - " This woild is all a fleet ing show I-'or man's illu-ion 'iven ; Tile smile; thai sin. e. the tears that How, When bung goes hi portfolio- " PATTERSON. ' >:i. shut up your psalms. '1 here you are all mun i ran howling like a lot of children who have s.-en a spook - CHUTKR." Alas, the spookiest of Epooks —my Budget the second. M'<'"i.i,. —We are rniued and undone, lost,lost. l..st : l.'i in. T.ii • heart, Carter. I'JIMT.I;.- lake a cough-lozenge ; take, i'liiin for exes.: Take anything you like thai will prevent them taking away our portfolios. A i.i. (»•'-'''j""!')• — 1 l'00-p,jo poor portfolios. PATTERSON.— What in thunder are you all blubbering about 1 Who's going lo take your portfolios, yon cry-babies - AI.I.. — Why, the Opposition, of course. l'.vn ERSO.N. —Well. 1 never. Haven't! Ijef'or told you that, it takes two to make a bargain 'i You can " call a man out," hut it doesn't followthat he will come. Shiels may move fifty votes of want of confidence, but unless there is a winch and tackle concealed in one of t.hem he won't get )/n: oil' the Treasury benches. Do you think 1 have schemed, caballed, promised, joked, anecdoted and banqueted, till my conscience is riddled with remorse, my heart, heavy with roken promises, and tlie coat of my stomach ragged with indigestion, merely to come down when Shiels calls— —" No. I'll lint, yield To kiss the dust beneath young Malcolm's feet." O'LOOHLF.N.—]jut what are we to do? You know that according to the Constitution — PATTERSON.— Blow the Constitution. I never regard Constitutions. In the furtherance of lny firm resolve to keep .in office, I would sweep away all Constitutions. Why, I have risked — nay, seriously imperilled—my own constitution at all those country banquets. CA p.TF.it.—Hut all our supporters are opposed to the Budget. We have said we are a IJackbono Ministry and— PATTERSON.—Y'es, I know all about that, but circumstances alter cases. A little story— HAKF.R (((I,I hi tig up id tin prosy-cl).—Not a naughty one, I hope — PATTERSON.—When Irving was going on tour, a local actor, who had been in the habit of playing Macduff, was relegated to the lessimportant part of liossp. Ill great disgust he immediately saw the manager and told liini that he did not play Kosse. "Then, by heaven,'' said the manager, "you leave lny theatre." " Then, by heaven," retorted the actor, " 1 do play Posse." Since it has come to a parting of the ways and we must choose between salary and backbone—why, then— Q'LOCHI,F.N.—We. do play "Rosse. PATTKUSON.—Precisely. Now let us look at the thing fair and square in the face. We are humbugs; we know that. Carter is, perhaps:, an exception in having believed twelve months ago that he was not a humbug, hut he ought to know better by this time. Whatever we may say, or however we may pose to the silly, gaping crowd, let us not be to ourselves, but rather confess that we are politically humbugs, but, none the less shrewd business men who know on which side of their bread the butter is. A LL.—What are you driving at R PATTEitsoN - .—There's nobusiness doing outside. It is a diflicult thing for a nmn to make bread and butter. A LL. — Wei 1 r PATTERSON. —Well, would it not he the height of folly at such a time to throw up several thousand-a-year billets—for what! upon^a mere matter of a difference of opinion. Jn justice to our families we should not lie too inflexible in our policy— UICHARDSON.—True, true. It is right that we should humble and mortify our opinions when there's a thousand per annum plastered on tolhe mortification. PATTERSON.—By the holy poker, I don't know of any auctioneer in this city that's making .£lt 00 a year now, and I'll see Sluels, the Opposition, and all of you teototally rammed into the mouth of a eaunon so hard as to come out as sausagemeat at the touch-hole before I'll srive up a good thing. I'll see vou all to Jericho first, and then I won't. CARTKU.—You mean that we'll take back the drag-net duties and the— . PATTERSON.—Yes. There's no beating about the bush this time— Keep place and pay, if possible with grace, If not by any means keep pay and place. Drag-net duties—why, they can take anything, even honour, so long as they leave us in undisturbed office. (jet the supporters together, give them a sheet of paper and ask them to write down •what they want—let them write out their own budget— CARTER.—But think of my feelings— PATTERSON.—Hang your feelings. 'Think of ur screws. Now then, about it quick aud get atters settled. RICHARDSON.—Hut the usual ceremony of haking ? PATTKUSON.—No time for shaking or drinking now. However, so that you shall not be out of ocket by the omission, here's my sixpence, aud ou call collect the same from the others. (Krit. lliflnn'dsoii Irl't cul/.xling.l THE booksellers and stationers are crying out, like the rest of the community, against the Budget proposals, and public sentiment, as well as public judgment, will be opposed lo any taxjon knowledge. But these traders do not deserve nearly so much sympathy as they lay claim to, for they already put a tax on knowledge, wherever they get the opportunity, for their own profit. People who charge ninepence for a sixpenny magazine like the Idler, or the Strand— one hundred per cent, over the London selling price, which is 41d.—ought not to complain of the horror of putting a tax on literature. They do just the same with books, wherever there is the " ghost r.f a show." Five shilling books are frequently sold at six shillings, and even three-and-6ixpenny books at us. Instances could be given by the dozen, from one's own book, buying experiences, were the facts not well known to every person who compares catalogue juices with selling prices in Melbourne, i'hore is no earthly reason for this, as the profit on books aud periodicals is a very substantial one. It is all very well to complain of a tax on literature, but if the booksellers themselves put on a tax for their own profit, why on earth shouldn't the Government do it, and give" encouragement" to anybody who might try to start an Australian periodical to rival the English imported ones ? 'There are plenty of authors and subjects here, Heaven knows! 