NOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN AUS- TRALIA. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY THE AUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY, A GIRL WITH THREE LOVES. A TALE OF COUNTY GALWAY, SUMMARY OF FIRST FIVE CHAPTERS. BY SKIPP BORLASE. The story opens in Ireland, at the Galway Hunt Ball, or which Kathleen O‘Connor and Norah Dillon are the rival belles. Both love Patrick Desmond, the genial, generous, and improvident young ' squire of Ballyally," and Norah thinks she has the most right ' to him because they are cousins, and havo been daily companions from tboir earliest childhood. Ho, however, loving her ns a sister, pines to make Kathleen O'Connor his wife, and has won hor consent, provided that he can obtain her mother’s also. Mrs. O'Connor on tho other hand,~ is determined that her daughter shall marry Sir John Berkeley, of Garurngb, a wealthy Englishmen, who has acquired | A large estate close, by, and has proved himself a very hard landlord for though none can oom plain of injustice on bis part, no ono can say that bo has over tempered justice with mercy. He Is a man, in short, who, through not in tho least understanding tho Irish character, is more hated than ho perhaps.doservos. He is .now on the point of departing with his regi ment for the Crimea, being Major in a oraok cavalry corps, and is going to leave his younger and only brother George, a pale faced, etudont with a clubfoot, temporarily master of Garuragb. Now George Berkeley loves his 'brother Sir John, but ho loves ; Kathleen O'Connor much more, whoa tho baronet, jiever suspecting him to bo .possessed ofsuch A feeling, begs bins to' guard and protect during bis absence from tho only rival whoin be fears, Pat Desmond. Hero thon wo have a girl with threoibvors, which oircumsbancobas given tho second title to bur tale. Norflh Dillon, daring the" progress of' tho bail, grows to bate Kathleep'O'Connor fbr her 'superior loveliness, and because . eyes aro always following ’heiv K(slb Idea's mother, however, bob forbidden ber Ip epgage herself for more than two dances, and those square ones with him daring the evening, hut to give Sir John' Berkeley as . jpiany as bp deserves, Kathleen, during the evening, tolls gir John in a conservatory the real state of her feelings, and beseeches.him to press his suit no longer. In reply .hcr assares her* that now he is more determined'than over-to wed her, and for her sake even more than his own because Patrick Desmond is riding post-haste to rain. Ho adds that her mother 'knows which mah of tho two will make the best hus band, and that be will bo quite content to win her lovo after, thoy aro married, if she'will not lot biin do it before, rather than she shall shipwreck ber whole future. jirobapter three Kathleen finds an oppor-' tunity of telling Patrick Desmond of her vain appeal to the English baronet’s generosity and' magnanimity,. and that sho bolds hor mother u> too much awe to openly oppose her wishes. Failing to givo her that necessary degree of courage, Pat goes away to a refresh ment room, and drains comfort from a whisky decanter. He is tbps engaged when be observes Sir John Berkeley and his. brother George coming down tho long passage to the apartment wherein ho is for the moment alone. Knowing that bo will not bo nblo to meet, the baronet face to face, after (he stimulant, he has just swallowed, without hav ing an open ruptaro with him, at which be. feels (hot Kathleen would be much annoyed, ho slips behind a heavy window pur£ain, be lieving that; After they have had o glass of wine together the brothers will return to the ballroom. Instead of that, however, they stand at the buffet diking of him, and in such pn insulting manner that it causes bis blood to boil, To reveal himself bo know would bo to look like a fool, so he has no ebojeo bat to stay, and listen to ail tboir fln.o schemes for promoting him from marrying tho gif jl wbon) ho loves, And who, bo is well aware, lotos him in return. Consequently, directly, they depart, bo leaves the Assembly rooms almost mad with rago and indignation, and seeks bis inn and his horse, determined that he will waylay Sir John Berkeley on bis road boipe to Garuragb, And that.one dr other, of them shall not five to see tho sba rise. Ail this .while, Georgo Berkeley, looking on at tho dancing, which bis olvb foot prevents him from joining in. wonders bow £bimost bating himself the while for wishing it)'bo' shall bo Able to win Kathleen O’Connor away from .iris {pother whilst bo is absent at tho wars. Chapter >1 describes how tho ball ends, and the two Berkeleys see Kathleen and her mother home. Sir John there bade a long 1 farewell to his affianced bride, and with Georgo took borso back to Garuragb. Hardly, has no reached tho conflnotf, of his wide estates, when they behold outside tho door of a miserable cabin a corpse laid out on a raised plank with open right .hand soliMjng Aims to My for its own burying (no uncom mon sight in tho west of Ireland fifty years ago, or in Switzerland at tho present day). Sir John dismounts, and places a fistful of loose silvor in tho open palm, but tho weight •causes tho dead band to slip down, the money falls to the ground, and a woman at tho same instant rushing out of tho hut, and recog nising tho alms- giver, declares that her dead husband rightly rejected tbo offering of his murderer, for it was one of Sir John's game keepers who shot him dead for trapping a fibcasont, wherewith to sustain tho breath of ifo in their, starving children. Sir John professes deep regret for tho opourronoo, and promises that the widow and tho orphans shall be duly.cared for. But U}o woman will accept.of nothing from his bands, and |n hor character of a local prophetess, or wise lyoman,- fore tells his future in tho following words, to wit that.ono Is at that moment waiting to shod bis blood; that tbo girl bo loves .will bo.mur dered at God’s very, altar, and. then - >hls brother whom bo trusts (and bow long will bo trust him, she affects scornfully to wonder), will bo suffocated beneath the on-rolling bog of Ardmohr, .owing bis death to his con nivance, if not to Ms very baud, &o.; In chapter five, finding that tho fijroited oreaturo will neither bo comforted nor as sisted, tbo two brothers rido on,“when lo! at the first turn of the road, the. wise woman’s first prediction baootnod verified, for there jl« (ho young Irish squire, Pat Desmond, sitting on uorsebaok, plsfoi in hand, waiting hip rival's-appearance. When Sir, John Berkeley oomes op with; bin) ho ,offers him -tho .other holster pistol, and insists, upon ,a duel to tbo death, but Sir Johu good tomperoiUy doolqrou &iat; os. tbo challenged parfcyho baa thb choice of weapons, and (Heir stout banting whips will mako far bettor, ones than, pistols. Desmond at last oobsonts to this mode of nettling the dispute, and in a few minutes is knocked stunned and bleeding frsro ii(s saddle fto the ground. Sir John then ridos home wards, bidding his bother stay behind and wring Pat Desmond to his.sanßbs with the •“id of bis brandy flask. . Having succeeded'in •bit Garage mounts/ and overtaken bis brother as bo is passing the Bog of Ardmohr whoso mkjr flood; - after remaining quiescent -for many years, is; said to havo commenced to roll afresh, at tho rate of a yard or so ah hour. Tho next morning Sir John Berkeley jojos bis regiment and starts for tho Crimea, leaving his brother George- ’the protector of hta betrothed, and, as the latter believes and hopes, tho.arbiter of her destiny. CHAPTER V (continued). -. the act sho accidentally or inten tionally touched the littlo flat pieces of stone that lay upon the closed eyelids, Sir John Berkeley could not be sure; but whether it was so or no the stones at all events slid from his face to, tho ground, the eyelids, relieved of their weight slowly uplifted themselves, and the glazed and glassy orbs which they had screened, thus opened wide, seemed to stare, at the horri fied baronet in malingant and prophetic manner. _ -U was so much ns he could to to hide his discomposure, but he managed to any, “ Tush, tush, woman, your predictions do not-alarm me in the slightest - , and my sole grief is that through not understanding each other, we are unable to part better friends.” r He then turned quickly round and made bis way towards his brother, followed by the apparently mad woman's wild screams and, mocking laughter, laughter which made every nerve in his body twitch.as witli acute anguisji. \- CHAPTER VT. George Berkeley could not help but" observe the condition, that his brother wins' in when he had remounted his horse and they were once more riding home wards side by side. “What’s the matter, John?” ho pre sently couldn’t resist asking. “ Has the smell of tho body or that woman's tongue upset you; which 1” — “ Well, the woman’s tongue mostly. Poor creature, her seems - to have robbed her to somo extent of her reason.” “ To me there appeared to bo a great deal more of anger than of grief in her voice and actions. She seemed to be abusing you right soundly and roundly. What on earth could it have been all about ?” “Why, one of the gamekeepers shot, her husband whilst he was poaching. He resisted, of course, or tho man would .not havo done so/ and most likely Ho even took kis life in defending his own, only, of course, one can’t expect the : widow to look calmly upon thb matter in a fair and impartial light. That she doesn’t do so she shows by her words and Actions clearly enough, for she has banned and cursed me, colled heaven’s vengeance down upon my head, and prophesied no end of terrible things regarding my, your, • and even Kathleen O’Connor’s futures, which, of coarse, is all arrant nonsense, and yet I’m ashamed to say that it has made me feel very uncomfortable.” “ What, then, has she said about the three of us ?” asked George, with a strange sounding laugh. 1 “To begin with there is someone at ! this.very moment waiting with burning impatience to take my life.” “ Then the chances are that we shall 1 very soon discover whether the woman is ajrue prophetess. She.didn't I presume, say .whether or no ’ho would take your lifer ■ . , , / I , “ Noslie did not.” . . ' “ Which proves that she doesn’t believe 1 bo will.”;,. ■ -- • , * - . 'V '• ,;J “ She inTplicattotf*, that lie would .not succeed in his amiable inten- tions, because at some time or other in 1 the future, I, wibh-my own hands, or by the hands of others, am fated to destroy 1 ■you,” ‘ 1 “ What a kind and brotherly action,” * laughed George Berkeley. “ And what * for, pray ?” , ’ I “ She hinted that jealousy would be the 1 reason, but I must say that the suggos- ' tion was a vague ono. The manner in i which your murder is to bo perpetrated she laid down most clear and concise, * however, for you ore to be, overwhelmed 1 and suffocated by the on-rolling bog of ( Ardmohr, whilst cursing me with your 1 last breath as your destroyer. There’s a situation for a sensational drama if you * like. Draw crowded houses for months, ; wouldn’t it ?” 1 “ Doubtless,” answered George Berkeley, with all the merriment suddenly gone out of him, though he tried hard to conceal its departure from his brother. “ Jealously * ond of mo?” he suddenly added, “how 1 supremely ridiculous. But what did she * say concerning Kathleen O’Connor, for I think you averred just now that even she 1 was included in this prophecy ?” * \- “Oh, Kathleen is to be shot in the 1 broad glare of mid-day, whilst standing ’ in front of God’s altar. Those, I think, 1 were the prophetess’s very words.” 1 “Standing before God’s altar with * whom?” asked George Berkeley ’qaiekly, and with evidently suppressed excite- 1 ment. ) “ Well, with me, I suppose !” answered ' Sir John, regarding his younger brother somewhat curiously the while; and im- njediately adding f Who else should she 1 bo standing at the altar with but tho * man whom she is solemnly betrothed to * be married jbo ?” ,/* Alb man proposes, but God disposes, jjisod brother. I was thinking that per haps ifc. would be Pat Desmond who 1 would stand beside Kathleen at the altar, 1 and that rather than ho should wed her . you would shoot her.” “In such a case I should bp a devilish 1 deal more like to shoot him; because you ' see, it would bo 4 much more agreeable to : ask, and answer exactly tho same pur pose,” responded Sir John Berkeley with 1 a harsh and bitter sounding laugh. “It would be an agreeable task to shoot mo, eh ?” exclaimed an unexpected voice c’oso by, and hardly were tho words uttered, when Pat Desmond in tho flesh spurred oat from behind a thick growth of older and bramble bushes, uttering a cheery:— “ Well, fortunately two oan play at that game, and, os it happens, I’ve taken it into my head that I should very much like to shoot you ; so both parties being evidently of the same mind, shall wo Are simultaneously or cost lots for tho first shot V Sijr John Berkeley was so startled at his rival's sudden and evidently hostile ap-i pearance that at first he couldn’t answer him a word; and his confusion was in-; creased Jby i)is brother’s suddenly exclaim ing, evidently by way of astonished in voluntary ejaculation:— ,r Heavens ! The first part of the woman's'prophecy is already fulfilled.” )?at Desmond evidently mistook his rival's erabarnssraont for cowardice, for, seeing that he didn’t answer him, ho said sneeringly• “ What, don’t ! look so "pleasant near by ; in propria persona, as far off in mere. J.ij/ngiqotion ? or did you corttomploite the pleasure ,o| piloting at me without reflect ing upon th.o very possible pain attending the being shCfc at in Wdll, lot me tell you that you oan Escape ail disagree abler by at once ooasing your persecutions of a certain yonug lady, who, whilst -warmly attached to mo; even os I am to her, is almost daily pestered by your most unwelcome attentions.” This sort of speech was more than Sir John Berkeley could endure, and, acting os a tonic, it at once restored to. him his, usuqhsolf-possesnon. “ I’d far rather receive a bullet, through my heart than surrender a girl girl whom I love, to. one so utterly unworthy of her 88 you have proved yourself to be, Mr. Desmond. 1 hat her mother thinks of you exactly as I do there cannot be the lease doubt, or naturally she would .rather wed' her only child to a fellow-countryman and a co-religionist .than to an Englishman and a Protestant like myself.” “ The old lady has gauged the respeor tive depths of oar purses, Sir John, and full ones are the sole orders of merit that she pays any heed to. Kathleen and I, however, have loved each other from, little children, and Pm not going to give her up to a.foreigner, who would never know bow properly to value her warm Irish heart, that on her part, so thoroughly, de tested a union would be sure sbeedilv to l*eak.” , ■ Pray did the young lady charge you to say all this to me.?” “ No more than she desired mo to shed your blood. Kathleen would almost suffer martyrdom before she’d even hurt a fellow creature’s feelings, far less contem plate a bullet being fired through him, as at this moment, I am contemplating with a deal of pleasure, the probability that I’ll be presently sending one through you; that is to say, unless you quickly assure mo that you’ll be after persecuting the poor,girl no longer,” was Pat Desmond’s answer. Sir John Berkeley laughed in his face at this, and then responded:— “Look here, iny fine fellow, you may rest assured that a fond and doting mother knows best what is for her child’s good and I intend to help Mrs. O'Connor to do whatever is most likely to ensure her daughter’s future welfare and happiness. As to your sending a bullet through me, inasmuch as I know very well that you would not commit a murder, and duelling has been made a penal offence, I don’t exactly see how you can gratify your whim.” “When one gentleman seeks satisfaction from another, that other, if he really is a gentleman, never refuses it, at all events in the west of Ireland, and as you have; thought fit to settle down in the west of Ireland you should fool yourself bound by its social customs.” “ I fail to perceive any satisfaction in the social custom that you are endeavor ing to persuade me to fall in with. If you shoot me well I’m shot, and there’s an end of me, whereas if I shoot you, then very probably I’m hanged, and there’s an end to mo also. Ditto as far as you are con cerned, if exactly the reverse happened to what I have just supposed ; wherefore, as we have hunting whips in our hands as well as pistols in our holsters, and I, as the challenged party, ought to have the choice of weapons, I propose that we pro ceed to settle our differences with their*.~ If you ogree to do so then I’ll merely add, 1 Come on Macduff—that’s to say Des mond—and cursed bo r he who first cries ‘ Hold enough !’ ” “D it, Sir John,” exclaimed the hot headed Irishman, irritated beyond measure by the bantering tone in which the baronet had spoken. “ I’d far rather give you a right down sound horse whipping, than, Pd even/shoot you:”' :/ . .v - . i . ' “ An.l I’d rather give you one) aye a hundred times over than I’d shoot so which is to be—-stock or thong ?” “Stock, for the loser will then boat-the marks - of his punishment much longer,” answered Pat Desmond, as ho returned his pistol to its holster, and then twisting the thong of hie stout hunting crop around his wrist, he took a firm grip of the by no means despicable weapon, seeing that its head was a heavy brass cook- for pulling gates open with. Sir John Berkeley at once imitated his tactics, though muttering audibly the while, “Bless my heart and soul, what consummate asses we are making of our selves.” Then he added aloud; “ George, never breathe a word of these doings before sen sible people, and in a civilized country, migd.” The next instant Saxon and Celt were going at eaeh other hammer and tongs, Pat Desmond like a thrasher with His flail, but Sir John Berkeley with the skill and coe’ness of the experienced swordsman that ho was. The consequence was that in a few minutes the Irishman had received some heavy punishment whilst Sir John had parried and warded offenearly every blow which had been aimed at him; 'his face was still wholly unmarked when his ad versary at last drew off for a moment to take breath, “A warm bout that,” observed Sir John, “ it is a wonder to mo how you can take any pleasure in this sorb of thing, Mr. Desmond.” “ Will you renounce all claim to the hand of Miss O’Connor ?” gasped the party thus superciliously addressed, as much out of breath with passion as from his recent exertion. “ Olf, no, my dear fellow, not a bit of it,” was the cynical report. “ Then have at you again !” quoth the plucky Irishman, spurring towards his rival once more. “Well you’ve got the real grit in you. I must say, though at the *s*mo time devilish [little skill,” was the. reluctant tribute of praise that ho involuntarily won from. Sir John, who in a couple of minutes more, dropped him out of the saddle with a well-delivered blow over the head. If ho had been killed-thoreby ho could not have lain. more.still upon the stony ground. “Thus ends the game, and truth to say I was growing tired of it. George, see that his horse don’t run away, and do you happen to have a brandy flask about you? If so, he’d bo all the better for a sup, 1 take it,” said the victor of the fray; immediately adding: “May all our .seeress’ predictions turn out as harmlessly as this one has done.” “Ah, but she gave you distinctly to understand that you would not meet your fate tonight, else how were you' after wards to dispose <?f mo ?” laughed George ; but his expression -changed to one of gravity as ho looked down and observed how still Patrick was lying, with his hair all blood olottod where be had received the last blow dealt him. “ There’s a brandy flask,” ho exclaimed. “ And heaven grant that the poor fellow ipay jjeed* nothing more to set him right.” “Amen to that, and I'll soon solve the doubt,” was Sir John’s response, and then ho dismounted and proeoeded to oxamino tho hurt which ho had inflicted. “ Have no tear about him, for it’s only a scalp wound. -He's stunpod, that’s all; so the brandy will bo ovary thing that’s heeded, and I’ll leave you alone to ad minister it to him, for in ten minutes at the moat he’ll be a condition to renew the •tomfoolery wo were just now indulging in, and then you know I might havo to nd minuter another, and’ maybe an overdose of the sbdntivo -which now, affects him ; and that would bo a pity,* for that he’s a , fine follow—in his -way—there’s no gain flaying,” “ All right, brother; Help slowly on, and then I may overtake you, • I think that you are acting very wisely,” observed George; and so springing into his saddle Sir John rode gaily off, whistling as ho wont. ‘ CHAPTER. YXI., i Sir John Berkeley had ridden, at a walking pace, for some miles in the direc 1 tion of Arthewry, which was also that of 1 Garuragh, ore Ins brother overtook him, i his horse reeking with sweat and trembling , in every limb. , . , , “ What the deuce have you bpon’coming 1 along at such a pace for ? I say, George ; the horse flesh that you .take it out of it in that manner, must henceforth be not i mine .but your own.” j i “ All right, brother, but the need won’t happen again. The fact is that I didn’t , relish the idea, of riding through the, gap and.past the bog of Ardmohr alone, after what that woman had said to you to-night; and had I not overtaken you before you got to it I must hare done so, you know.” “ I should have thought far better alone than in my company if you have really , attached any importance to what she said,” retorted the elder brother jokingly, yet with a sneer in his tone nevertheless. <. “John, you cannot really suppose that I believe that wretched, creature’s predic tions even possible of fulfillment, as Jar as and I, and the bog. are concerned. For all that is a weird and uncanny look ing spot, and I’d far ratherride through it such an hour in your company than i would alone. Many a man who doesn(t believe in ghosts would nevertheless avoid going through a churchyard at midnight, even though it was tho shortest way home.” “Would he, indeed? Well, I for one shouldn’t have thought so. But how did you leave Patrick Desmond? Not in artioolo mortis I'll be bound.” “ Well, nob exactly. , He drank all my brandy, pitched away tha flask, thanked me for my good offices with a prodigal number of curses, and bade mo tell you that though he gave you best for the present, yet that he was only entitled to boast who won in tho long run. Last of all, he expressed a hope that you wouldn’t get killed by the Russians, because he should like you to come home to be intro duced to Mrs. Desmond, which ho vowed that Kathleen O'Connor should become within a year and a day.” “ Why a year and a day ?’’ “ I don’t know; o Galwoy, or at all events West of Ireland expression, I take “ And what answer did you make to all such vapouring on his -part?” “ I merely said to him : “ All right old fellow ; if you can win her, wed her, but 1 don’t think that you’ll succeed in doing either whilst I and her mother have tho safe guarding of her; nor, by the Lord in heaven shall he.” “ I thank you for your zeal in ray ser vice, George, though I should not have thought you capable of working up your fervour to such a red hot heat. Well, what said ho then ?” “Declared that I was just fitted to assist a selfish and tyrannical old woman in the persecution of an innocent and uix happy girl who had never done me the least harm ; and he added, as ho looked me insolently .up. and down, that he ■Wouldn’t have to bo jealous,..oE,. rae-.at any-<mte; saying which he*jumped on his horse and galloped pff and I do assure you he had angered me to such a degree that. I could scarcely restrain myself from sending a bullet after him.” “George, you are coming out in quite a new character. Hitherto it has generally taken a great deal to anger you.” “ No man likes his bodily imperfections to'be made sport of, especially in connec tion with a young and pretty girl.” “ Why not, when the girl neither is nor •ever can be anything to him—anything more than a sister-in-law, that is to say ?” George Berkeley shuddered slightly and then answered sullenly :— “It’s deucedly unpleasant, all the same; I’ve felt very miserly lately over my bodily impo'fections and that fellow touched me fairly on the raw. You handsome and well-made men cannot enter into the feelings of mis«shapen abortion like myself, endowed with all tho faculties for loving, yet knowing that ono can never be loved in turn—aye never be even gazed on kindly, save in charity.” “ Don’t be ridiculous, George, Wasn’t Byron loved—aye, by a score of women— and yet had ho not just such a foot as you have ?” “ Aye, but be wasn’t loved by the girl whom ho loved ; that’s whore the shoo pinched him.” “ What, can it bo possible that you love and are not loved in turn, yet have never given me os much an inkling of tho matter until now. What is her name, pray ?” “ No, no, there is no one yet—I was only thinking of what might happen in tho —the—the distant future ; that is all, ’pon my soul it is, so lot us drop the subject altogether, John, for we are just entering the gorge of Ardmohr, and yonder lies its sad and sullen looking bog, cooped up between hills that arc ns dreary looking as its own inky hued slush and ooze. Nothing possessed of life seems to grow anywhere around it. But did over hear that it moved? I can’t picture to myself a hog in motion.” “ Oan’b you, and yob it’s not so very mo a thiqg, in oases whore a bog is pent iti between two hills as that one is. You see it is fed by streams from both of them, ond finding no outlet, for your true bog. is by no moans poroup, they at last sot in motion, and propel it onwards—though always at a tortoise like pace, and never for any groat distance I believe. Tho Bog of Ardmohr I havo been told has covered an extra mile of ground in about a score of years. It begins to move just after a very wet season, at the rate of throe or foqr yards an hour, but after a day or two it invariably comes to a standstill once more, and so remains for, perhaps, many months, ere it takes a fresh start.” “Isit deep?” “ Tho country people—tho more Irish, you know—declare it to be bottomless. That,, of course, is all fudge, yet I believe it to bo very deep in places —perhaps as deep as the hills that hem it in are high. It is rather a morass than a true bog, for the latter is generally traversable, with duo care, but this one is not, for so light an animal os a dbg will sink into it and bo smothered instantly. A couple of years ego I thought ‘seriously of draining It, for 'tia on my estate you know, and covers just a hundred cores thereof. I was overpersuaded, however, that the ground reclaimed thereby would never repay the cost of improving it of! <ho face of Croatian, so like a , wise man I lot it be. Our seeress lias discovered a use for it {ioshfght that I had never before dreamed of;” “Lot us forgot her end h°r predlotton, at all events whilst wo are In full view of that awfiil looking place', John,” pleaded almost piteously the ybijnger brother. ’* George, how strangely you talk. One would thinje, to listen to you, that you really deemed mb capable of such a deed, No, bang it all, I might bo tempted so to servo, whilst the devil was strong within me, anyone who by underhand dealing robbed me - of Kathleen O’Connor; but no other offence whatever oould induce me to inflict such a punishment as that poor demented creature of a woman laid to Jiy future charge,” retorted Sir John, in somewhat irritable tones. “ But you might do it for that?” “The opportunity tempting, and the devil having sufficient power over me at the time, owing to my naturally irascible and somewhat vindictive nature, I possibly might. But what on earth is the use of supposing such an altogether impossible occurrence? 1 can’t imagine what has come over you to-night, George. Your face is as white as the fall moon that is at this moment shining down upon it, and you appear to me to have sud denly grown as superstitious as the ignorant Irish peasantry by whom we are surrounded.” “ Some minds are more prone than to take color from their local sur roundings, and the sedentary student is generally much more given to superstition .than the man of action, for the former mostly holds parley with’' the dead, and the latter with the Jiving. However, now that we have left that truely accursed looking p’ace behind us, I shall quickly be my usual self again.” “ 1 hope so, fop both. our aakes,” ob served bis brother drily, but tht-nce for ward be was silent and taciturn, as though George had given him deep offence, and the latter hardly dared to address him, perhaps because he feared that he had done so, porohanco by reason that he dreaded very much worse, who shall say? The next, or rather that very morning, at the breakfast table, however, the non« understanding rather than the mis understanding which had risen between the brothers, had apparently quite passed away. Sir John spoke cheerfully of the long journey that he was on the point of taking, and of the hard knocks which he hoped to bestow upon the Russians at the end of it. He vowed that ho would not come back until all the fighting was over, last however long it might; told George to bo sure to preserve Kathleen for him, safe from all machinations of Patrick Desmond, and finally charged him to see that justice was done in the case of the dead poacher, and also to mako every endeavor to befriend his widow and children, if they would only permit of it. Then in one hour more, after a most affectionate and brotherly leave-taking at the little roadside railway station, he was off by express train to Dublin, from whence the tiansport was to sail, and George Berkeley felt that he was at all events sole master of Garuragh and its broad estates pro tem: and also, he was fa;n to hope, the sole arbiter of Kathleen. O’Connor’s destiny. . (to be continued.) 