PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. C. Mitchell and Co., London, have sent us “ The Newspaper Eress Directory for 1894,” a work that should be seen in every office of importance, as it gives in a very clear form the names of nearly every paper, published in Great Britain aud Ireland, as well aB in India, and the several colonies, and dependencies of the Empire, together with many interesting details as to the districts in which they circulate. This is the forty-ninth year of the publication, during which period the uumber of j mrnals, &c.;, have increased immensely. The present position of the newspaper press in Great Britain and Ire land is given as follows:—England—London, 449; provinces, 1332; total, 1781. Wales, 101; Scotland, 220: Ireland, 166; Britieh Isles, 23; total, 2291. The mag»z : nes, in cluding reviews, number 2061, of whjch 471 are of a religious character. The " Direc tory,” we may further state, furnishes in teresting and instructive information of the several colonies. There are several good articles in the April number of the Austral Light. The principal paper is an eloquent and compre hensive description of the Pope’s latest encyclical on the snored Scriptures.. Wm. Lynch, dealing with the Home Rule ques tion, believes the success of the past few years a guarantee that the triumph of the cause will not be long delayed. The story of a, blighted genius, D. H. Deniehy, is sympathetically told by R. A. Julian j and the paper of Thos. Whelan on “How to settle people on the land,” will no doubt be read justnow with E. J. Goodman 7 tells'-a very humorous story,- “ The.haunted ghost.” There are several other papers and poemß of considerable merit. , " • “ Lord Aberdeen, Governor of Canada,” is the subj“ct of a very appreciative character sketch in the Review of Revieics. The sketch is historical of an old and noble family, the meinbers of which for many centuries .have -been noted for their noble deeds both on the battlefield as well as in the, councils -of the S‘ate. The “Notes of the Month,” both. Australian and British, are up to date and well, written; and besides the ÜBual notices of the several reviews and mag-z’nes, there is a capital sketch of Sir George Dibbs, and the lecture of Mr Stead at Toronto, on the “ Mission and Destiny of Canada.” The number is profusely illustrated with portraits of many of the principal men of the day, and not the least interesting are the comic sketches of the passing events of the month. We have received latn numbers of the Young Man and Young'Woman, both good, and well adapted to promote the mental and moral improvent of our young folk. The Young Ladies' Journal for the month is full of interesting reading matter, choice fashion illustrations (colored and plain), and pretty fancy work. 