New South Wales Elections. Although we waited till nearly 12 o'clock last night for news of this important leap in the dark, the meagre result has been the receipt of the returns of 17 members out of 124\. As to the cause it were idle to specu late, and even this straw of intelligence may bci vc lu 3UUW wuiuil Hiij mi; uuc acis. win of these 17 elected only five are Protec tionists, and three out of the five Ministers of the Crown. The other twelve are Free traders, and, all except .two, the candidates selected by the various committees in the cause. This makes good the forecast in our last issue — that the country was hanker ing for a return to freetrade after a short indulgence in protection! In fact the trend in that direction is even more pronounced than we anticipated. It was given as our opinion that unless freetrade and protectionist candidates were visited with a lucid interval and forcborc to jostle each other by the half-dozen, Labourism was bound to score ..heavily. This much desired lucid interval ciid improve many of them out of the field, nevertheless three and four freetraders and two and'three protec tionists were still found fighting ea-;h other and one Labour man for the covetctk.seat. And yet despite this patent insanity not 'one Labour member has, so far as our list is concerned, found a seat or even had a ghost of .1 show. All the leading freetraders are returned by ticmendous majorities even where the 'vote was split and split again. In West and South Syd ney (now portioned out into single elec torates), swept .by Labourism at the previous | general election three years ago, Labourism i is swept out of sight now. The metropolis, j at least, is heartily sick and tired of the 1 mouthing fraternity, and this leads to the hope that the country at large is just as sick of it— as sick as Queensland will be * when 1 it becomes her turn to purge herself of ; legislators who will only denounce capitalists I and inferentially, if riot directly, encourage I the perpetrators of outrage. 