: $ljre . ALISON'S ROMANCE. By L. Snwip. OlIAITKIl I. . JuBt as Iho.last loaf hail loft its spray, tho thick biiow began to fall ; and bright iiras and oraokling wood woro busily doing their best to counteract the sharp influonco of frost and cold. It was tho twenty-third of December, so uhristmas had all tho appcaranoo ol coming in right royally. At least, so thought Alison Laird, as sho lay curled up on tho hoarthrug boforo tho cosy firo of tho bright little parlor in Ivy ' Lodgo, and built castlos in tho air. Bosido lior, on a low easy chair, sat Mrs. Ronton, a beautiful old lady, who was gazing wistfully at tho" Bweot faco that was resting against hor knee. " Wliat's tho mntter with my bairn . that sho is so quiet to-dady ?" asked tho old lady at last, aftor a long silenoe. Alison started, flushed, and thon said . hositatingly, " Grannie, do dreams over come true ?" "Dreams, dear child?" questioned ".Mrs. Renton, smilingly. 'Have you boon dreaming, that you ask mo that ?' "Yes; and I want to know," replied Alison, eagerly.' " Wollj dearie, I do not think, thoy , do, though I have heard of ono or two strange things happoning." fv " 0 Grannie I I hope mine won't como " " true I It was so strange, and seemed so ' real, I cannot got it out oi my head," and Alison cropt a littlo olosor to the old lady, as sho added slowly, "I dreamt that I was in a large ball-room, Grannie, and that 1 was resting from a dqneo, wlion a stranger was brought up and introduced to me— a tall, dark, handsome man — and that ho danced, over so often with mo ; and thon I seemed to, bo in church, and tho same man was standing at my side, and wo were married ; and then, oh I Grannie I I folt so frightened, for whon I turned and looked at him ho seemed to fade away and I was left alono." " Littlo gooso 1" said Mrs. Ronton, laughing at hor anxious face ; ' you are far too imaginative. I don't think you may bo afraid of such a dream coming true. I would not allow you to bo carried off in that fashion, and as you have only tho danco at tho Hall to- morrow cvoning, whore we know about ovory one prosont, you are not likely to ' meet your ro'mantio stranger.'. " No ; but ho (the man, _ I mean) looked so roal 1 Howovor, it is only a dream," and tho girl's .face cleaved as ; Bhe bogan to talk of the coming fete on ' Christmas Evo. Alison Laird was an orphan, and had lived over since hor birth with her maternal grandmother in tho quiet littlo "cottage in beautiful Craigollaohio. Sho had had a happy, if lonely, life, and had been carofully brought up ; but she had scon little of society, although nineteen years of age, except when oooaBionally invited to tho Hall. Mary Evans, tho oldest daughter at Langloy Hall,;\yas, AHsoti's grdat friend, and oftbh ' drove -in .. fro'm) Aberlour to carry lior off for a; short visit, though : rllalhrt/trt r»f t.wn lYllloB hAf.WOMl tllOni was not too great for frequent inter course. . _ The sun roso brightly on tho 24th, and Alison was full of joyous expectancy at tho prospect of a fortnight's gaiety, and at tho thought of . her first ball. Tho day seemed dreadfully long until tho hour camo for her to leave. But all things come in time, and at last she said farewell to her grandmother, and was \- driving away over the crunkling snow. Twelve o'clock 1 the fete was at its height, and Alison, tired and flushed and happy, was sitting in tho con servatory with Charlie Evans, a merry boy of sixteen, when sho suddenly Btarted, turned very white, and with a . littlo shiver gasped out — "0, Oharlio 1 who is that with Walter?" "Who? what? whore?"- criod Oharlio, in amazement, as lie/looked . first at her and then at tho approaching : couplo. But before he had timo to toll her that he did not know who it was, Walter's voice said quietly— " Alison, allow mo to introduco my friond, Viotor Austin. Ho has arrived quite unexpectedly from Spain, and the conveyance broko down on the road, or ho would hnvo boon with us earlier. Wo must make np for the inhospitality of . . tho driver, who left tho poor follow _ to i:Y floundor on his way alone, by - being " very good to him now, eh, Alison ?" : ; "with a warm glanco at his friend. ' I ; hope you have a spare danco or two to give him,' and having dono his- duty / Walter hurried baok to take his plaoo in the quadrilles just forming. Alison's lips had parted, and sho had shrunk baok nervously, while hor largo eyos had gazed half in terror, hnlf in ' fascination at tho stranger, in whom she saw tho living imago of her dream; " May I havo tho honor?" inquired Mr. Austin, courteously, with a ourious look of surprise at. her confusion. But Alison stammerod out, "No — no I moan, I bog your pardon — I am . tired ; I— I think I won't 'danco any mora now." ' : ' "Not danco. any moro, Allio?" echoed Oharlio, tho irropressiblo ; "why . 'you told mo a minute ago that you could waltz all night 1" . "Did I?" said Alison, blushingly i painfully, as she felt tho strangor's koen eyes on her j and then, controlling hor- c; self with an offort, she added nervously — jff: " I will give you this coming waltz "Y if you wish, Mr. Austin ; I spoke with- out thinking before— I did not moan. ' what I said," in groat confusion. ' " Thanks," replied the stranger with aifrVc a gravo bow, and offering hor his arm, rMlfYholodhor to the ball-room, leaving SsfYvdv'' Charlie staring after them in amaze- , mont. . \- " What had como over Alison ? Sho w fe Y looked as if she had won a ghost I And :who on earth was 'Don Juan?' Why wlste-Vbod Walter never spoken ofhis intondod MsSlSyisit?" And with a subdued whistlo tho aKhoy sauntered off to reliovo his por- ijj ' lexities in the refreshment room. Srj$-K "Havo I over had tho pieasuro of mooting you, Miss Laird ?" asked Mr. Austin carelessly, whon thoy had dancod a littlo. " You looked ns if you bad seen mo boforo whon I camo up to you." " So 1 bad," answored Alison with a shy laugh, fooling more at hor case now although strangely excited. "Indood? Whoro havo my eyes been thon, for I do not rcmomber tho occasion? Ilavo you boon lately in Madrid ?" " No, I havo never been out of Scotland in my lifo and a mis chievous Binilo crept round Alison's mouth as sho saw tho bowildorment of iter partner. Mr. Austin laughed. His interest was aroused, and ho exclaimed im patiently — " And I havo never boon in Scotland until to-night 1 Do explain tho mystery, Miss Laird. Aro you a ' medium' ? Or havo you Becond sight ?" " Not that I know of," said Alison, .with a merry laugh. " But I am not going to onlightonyou, so pleaso restrain your curiosity." " That is too bad of you," replied her companion gravely, although His eyos were twinkling with suppressed fun. " I did not think that you could bo so unkind I Will you givo mo another danco in atonement for all this suspenso that you are going to lcavo mo in ?" Alison hesitated, glanced up for a moment at the dark, handsome faco, and thon said shyly, " Yes, I can givo you a waltz— not tho next ono, I am engaged to Walter for that — it is im possible to sit still while this delightful music is playing." And so after Walter's dance, Alison found kcrsolf led away again by tho tall stranger, who kept saying such flatter ing things into hor oar, and with whom sho had so soon become friends. Chaiteb 11. No wonder that Mr. Austin was taken I with his young partner, for thoro was something very winning about Alison Laird. Tho golden hair waved so prettily round tho small, but well- shaped bend ; and tho dark bluo eyes shono with Buch a soft true light that they seemed but mirrors to reflect tho soul within. He had always led a solitary sinu oi mc, tuu gi-cutui- jim. u, which bad been passed in Spain ; and he had neither kith nor kin to givo him welcome. Ho had left London whon only ten years old, and had now re turned at thirty-throe to see his native land again, and pay a visit to his friend Walter Evans, whoso acquaintance ho had made during tho lattor's stay in Madrid some months ago. At two o'clock tho ball broko up, tho guests dispersed, and Alison, tired out with tho unusual excitement, was soon fast asloop. But her new friend lay long awake, realising that at last tho heart which had withstood tho dark beauties of Spain had yielded itself to the charms of a simple little country maiden, and that he had fallen in love at first sight with Alison Laird. A merry party assembled round tho breakfast table noxt morning, and Ohri8tmas greetings resounded from overv lip, while eager discussions took place about tho coming entertainments. With Alison tho time sped only too swiftly. Sho did not quostion herself too closely as to what sho felt, but enjoyed tho present without a thought of anything boyond. She did not realise that lovo had entered in and taken possession of hor heart — a lovo that soon would burn into a flame which neither time nor separation nor death itself should over bo ablo to extinguish ; she only know that she was happy, and that lifo was vory, very beautiful. Skating, dancing, driving, concerts, and charades made the day's pass rapidly till tho last evening of her stay arrived. All the afternoon it had been snowing heavily, which had kept tho household from venturing out of doors. Margaret Evans and Alison, at tho request of Mr. Austin and Walter, had slipped away from the other ladies to the billiard-room, whore they had had several exoiting games, until Charlie appeared to summon them to tea. " Somehow I wasn't at all in good form to- day," Mr. Austin remarked, as he sauntered along tho corridors with Alison. " Miss Evans as good as told mo so twice." Alison laughed. " Margaret is nothing if not out- spokon," she replied; "and .she plays billiards, as she docs everything else, as though her vory lifo depended on it." " Yes, sho is certainly a most decided young person. ICoops hor brothers and parents in order, I oxpeot, doesn't sho?" .... " Yos, indeed ; but sho is so and dear with it all that everybody loves licr," said Alison quickly. " Wnltor seems to bo her prime favorite, howovor," continued- Mr. Austin. Then abruptly, " J. suppose you have known him a long timo ?" Do what sho would Alison could- not- keep tho warm oolor from mantling in her ohcoks, especially as hor companion was regarding hor fixedly as he spoke. " Yos," she answered, " ever sinco wo woro ohildren. I havo always -been' a great deal at tho Hall, bcoauso I had no playfellows at homo." " Ah I And ! suppose you woro very fond of each other ?" ; "Yes. Thoy woro novor anything but good and kind to mc, especially MArgaret nnd Walter." " And ho Booms to bo inclined to be ospcolally good and kind to 'you now," Mr. Austin continued drily, as, thoy ap proached the drawing-room. " Aro you going to marry him, Miss Laird ?" with studied indifference. "No," emphatically, raising -her head with a haughty littlo -movemont, " Not that I know of." . " Then you do not caro for. him ? his voico eager and strained, " No." Then aftor a ' pause,. " Not in that way." . Thero was silence for a moment- Alison, a little in advanco of Mr. Austin, walked on moro quiokly, a senso of angry jjrotoBt rising in her heart; What right had ho to question her thus? What made him thinli that sho cared for Walter ? ' " Wait a minute," ho said pleadingly, putting his hand gently on her arm as they readied tho door. " Lot us take another turn first along the corridors. I want to speak to you." " Oh no, not now," exclaimed Alison, in soft, hurried accents, her heart fluttering strangely, her eyes falling bonoath his, ' they aro waiting for tea nnd expecting us, you know." And sho pushed open tho drawing-room door with trembling fingers, Mr. Austin fol lowing gravely behind her. Tho festivitos were to close up with a dance, and Alison found herself engaged to-several with Victor Austin, who had been her constant attendant on ovory possible occasion. " If only Walter will behavo nicely and bo amiablo it will bo a lovely evening," thought the girl as sho went slowly upstairs to dress. " It all depends on him." Somehow Alison felt rather doubtful on the matter. Thero was a littlo cloud over hor friendship with Waltor. He was so ofton cross of late, and not nearly so amusing as ho u&ed; to be. If Mr. Austin spoke to hor or claimed hor or else sat by listening in impatient silence to what they were .saying ; and ho was always tolling her that no stranger could care for her in the way that he did, and that ever since she had been a.littlc tot of six sho had promised to be his wife soino day, and that it was vory unkind of hor to become so fiokle all at onco. In vain did Alison scold and entreat and protest against his talking to hor-in that strain. Ha would bo lor the nonce repentant and remorseful, only to repeat the samo thing over again on tho first opportunity. - At this diyiec, sho knew, ho would uxpect to bo her special cavalier for tho night, and sho did not choose that ho should poso as her lover beforo every one, thereby causing unwclcomo banter and conjecture from hor friends and I acquaintances. Bo intent was she in her thoughts that she nevor noticed that the objeot of tbcm was standing on the 1 topmost stair above, waiting her ' approach. '. Walter fancied that sho blushed and started at tho first -sound of his softly uttered ' Alison,' and that as sho jlanced up and saw to whom the voice belonged a disappointed look had passed liko a shadow for an instant over her fair face. But, if so, it wa3 gono directly, and she smiled and nodded gaily at him. " Look at my flowers, Waltor," she said, holding out tho lovely cluster of Christmas roses. " Aro they not- beautiful?". '-' Very." But Walter barely glanced at tho flowers. Instead, his eyes lingered on tho uplifted face with a searching gaze. Alison felt a little uneasy under it. She took a step forward. " I musn't wait here though, or the others will be ready beforo mo," sho said hastily. " No, they won't. Don't go yet, Alie ; it is rarely that I have a chance of seeing you alone," Waltor pleaded. xnac coniounuea n-usun seems LU monopolise you altogether now. I never thought you were ono who could so easily forget old friends for new, Alie. ' Neither am I,' Alison drew up her throat, and her eyes darkened omin ously. ' But when old friends ohooso to become cross and unpleasant it is my plan to leave them to recover their temper alone.' 'I know I'm a brute, sometimes, Alio,' remorsefully, ' but— .' Poor Waltor scarcely knew how to continue. Ho could only look at her as she stood in her fresh young beauty beforo him, with her hands full of flowers, his. handsome boyish face aglow with love and eagerness as his jealous oyes scanned hers to discover a sign that his suit was likely to succeed. She could not help smiling a little, and yet sho felt sorry at tho same timo. ' Pleaso let me pass, Walter,' she soid gently. ' I dm in a hurry.' . ' So am I,' retorted Walter, rathor gloomily. ' Look hero, Alison,' im petuously, ' What's the use of our waiting any longor. I hato this indecision and uncertainty, I want things between us settled now. Tho parents aro sure to consent ; you know,' ccaxingly, ' that there's nono tho Mater would rather have for her - daughter-in- law than you. Let us sot up house keeping on our own acoount, Alison — do, dear I I shall have a lot of monoy wlion I am twenty-five, and the governor would start us square this 'year, fay you will bo my wifo, dear. I lovo you moro than I oould.ever say.' Alison colored under his passionato gaze, but she drew back as he moved nearer, and a slight sinilo crossed hor Nonsense, Walter I' sho replied, looking at him with mirthful eyes. ' You are much too young to marry yet.! ' I'm four-and-twonty,' Walter re torted, ' five years older than you.' . ' A girl is always niuoh older for her age than a man,', replied Alison loftily. ' You seem quito a boy to mo, I assure you.' ' Pshaw 1' Waltor stamped his foot impatiently, and an angry gleam came into his bluo eyes. ' I suppose,' ho wont on, after a pause, ' that Mr. Viotor' Austin would suit you better in point.of ago ; he .' ' Mr. Austin, at least, is a gentle man,' Alison said, drawing horeolf up haughtily, ' and you havo no right to speak so to me.' Bhe stopped past Uim . doteriniuedly, tlio pioturo of. outraged dignity. Walter looked' after her for a moment with scowling brows, then with a few strides reached her sido. ' Alison,' ho said tonderly, .' I didn't -mean-to bo rude. Forgive me, dear. I lovo yon so much. Como, shako hands and be friends. Don't bc-oross with mo.' \- He caught her hands as he sjioke, and the girl slipped her soft littlo palm into it at onco. : ' I'm not crass, you stupid; boy;' she said reproachfully, 'only I can't bear you to say such things,' And so "pe'aco was restored for tho time. (To he Continued.) ,' 