THE PRICE OF WOOL. ? ? ' -» TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir It is constantly assumed by a certain class of writers is that over- production has been the cause of the fall in prices during the last 20 years Being; interested in wool!, I have frequently tried to obtain some reliable information on its supply, but have hitherto failed J have now be- fore me Messrs Goldsbrough, Mort and Co '» annual review of the wool trade 1 and part of the required figures under the holding of importations of Colonial and foreign wool into the United Kingdom, I SSO to thE" 1437 519 bales in 1 SSO, and 2 080 7 JS bales in 1843 were imported into Eng- laid making an increase in 12 years of 573,24 J bales, which at 4000 per Kilo (a reasonable average) = JJU,.97,J001b of wool I have great difficulty in obtaining reliable data of the increase of population in the world during the period between 1880 and 1803, but I find on reference to " (Viffeu's Essays on Finance " that in love the populations of Russia (in 1 In ope) Germany, Austria, France and the United Kingdom comprised a total of 141 000 000 in 1880 it had increased to li > 000 000, showing an increase of 12 000, or about 1 per cent per annum Calculating the increase between 1890 and 1893 at 1 per cent per Hamlin, we find the population of those countries must have increased by 80 5,000 people Divide 220 Jd7,2001b of wool by this number, and the result is that each person (more than in 1860) has been provided with wish. of stock during the year 1913 and having gone into compound calculation, I had the average for the 13 years has been less than 7lb per head per annum Surely this is not an amount which can even give colour to that constant assumption of over-production It may he noted in my calculations I have not included the populations of North end South America Russia in Asia, India, Asia, Australia, Africa, Canada, and little places his Ohma, Spain, Italy, or Greece Pte u of these countries as a margin of of local production, and consumption Mv calcula- tion of i A lb per head is on a basis of the increase of population on 25 7000 7000 people, and I have out the increase of only twelve hundred million people Unless there is some one iwUi audacity enough to say that 7 (lb per head is too much for the use of the increase of 25 5 000,000, it is clear that there is no over-production I he cause of the fall in the price of wool is not thou the over-production or even the very considerable increase in the production of wool, but is to he found in the appreciation of the standard of value. There has been a decrease or about £10,000 600 per annum of gold in the world during the last 20 years This amount has been actually consumed over the production, and every economist agrees that as legal tender increases prices increase, nun as it diminishes prices diminish or fall Having shown that the fall in prices has not been from over-production, there can be no other cause for the fall in prices but the appreciation of gold and the demonetisation of silver The latter cause sent wool down from £23 per bale in 1873 to 15 per bale in 1879 (authority. Giffen) It behoves every woolgrower to study the question of bimetallism if prices are to De ever restored to anything like old rates, and to throw the weight of his influence and opinion on the side of those who in the United Kingdom are striving to have silver restored to its original place as a legal tender The wage-earner is also deeply interested, because the falling prices in no way compensates him for the fall in wages But this is too large a. subject to enter OF now I am, a., AV. ALISON. May 5. Mr. Le Gallienne gave the London press a goodmans names in his recent lecture at the Royalty Theatre, London. He is a poet, and poets (says one of his critics; deal in tropes and similes. The press, then, is our new school of the prophets, oracle of Delphi, pulpit, Parliament, and public prosecutor. A hugs ' emotional Whiteley's. penny-in-the-slot machine ; put in a coin and pull out a titbit. A Spurgeon's tabernacle ; a Newgate Calendar. A huge looking glass. The interpreter of the moods of society this Cave of Folio. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, in his " Last Rhyme of True Thomas, which appears in To- day, leaves the sea for a while and sings of the glorious privileges of the post. He views with little favour the granting of mere mundane titles to literary men. He takes as his text a passage from a daily paper complaining of the injustice done to literature in that its leaders are. not even knighted, while prominent savants, lawyers, artists, and engineers will ennoblement by the Crown. The King of Scotland seeks True Thomas, the Minstrel, to dub him " a belted knight, And all for the songs he made." The old harper spurns the honour: " And That should I do we' blazon and bait was keep and hold and clean and free And what should I do we' page and squire That ama King in my own country I " For I send East and I send West, And I send far as my bill may flee, By dawn and dusk and the drinking rain, I And By no my Sending return to me. ' v, " They come with news of the groaning' earth, They come as' news of' the roads' are.. AVi' word of' Spirit and Ghost and Flesh. And Man, that is between the Three." Then, after humbling the King, True Thomas makes for him the triple Bong," until the King and child in his hands. The ballad ends thus : " Sleep year wake," True Thomas said " That is so still, that must no longer,, Sleepy or wake till the sleep of death I now ye'll not forgot my song. "I ha' have you down to the homes o' Hall and up to the throne of' God rest her; I had' darkened your soul with just a' Boats And-ye-wod-make-a Knight o' me I" 