D E -k I & . / (concluded.) . V.She must bs searched. Who knowe but She may have a rope for tho young iaaknnanea . to hang himself witbal?" oriod ono. . "And thus rob us of tho pleasure" said ' another. . . Bnl Olemonco Btood bravely under their glances. Her face lit with a great purpose : even those rough men scorned to feel tho parity of it. Finding oho had neither rope, pistol, nor rnoiBon about hor, thoy voted it could be no jharm for her to see her ami, ns thoy decided their prisoner to be. So the concierge took a oandla, and mounted before hor to'thotop ioi the house, lie took a key with him, and opened one of the rooms. " n'.' afford light to prisoners of stats," ibo said, as. Olemonea peorod into tho dark- nossi " but, for tho sake of doing things pro per, I don t mind lending you tho eandlo for . your visit." _ At first, Olemenoe was so overeome with joy at her saoceBs, that ohe could not speak. Shu hoard tho key turned in tho door again, and the sound of heavy footsteps along tho corridor, They were looked in. Eugeno looked at her in speeohleos sur prise. "Oh, poor littlo Fleur-de- Lis I" he said, " why havo you ventured into this den ol wild beasts?" 41 Tho God of Doniol will proteot mo," she answered, smiling, and looking about the narrow room'. There was one small barred window in it. " Thoy searched me for wea pons or poisons," she snid; "but thoy did not find this," and she brought out a small saw. 41 'With this yon can oconps." Eugeno grasped it with o half- smothered exolsmatioa of delight, ' "Ton have saved me, Oiemonoe," ho oried. 44 1, have been sitting here for the last hour, bo it were, faca to face with death. A sort of mook trial, that wrotoh, Fnvrar, constituting himself judge. My first crime is that I am an ariatuorat." " But I thought you were a poor man." Clomonoe faltered. " Yhh, poor enough, petite, yet tho Marquis do Xi&nooy;, in spite of that — a marquis with out land or honors, so I seldom speak ol the ' empty title." Olemenoe felt hor heart die within her. As plain Moneionr do Launoy, this man had appeared so high above her that hor love had seemed 41 tho desiro of the moth for the star." Now, ah I tho knowledge of his noble birth coma like a cold frost ovor all the warm hopes whioh she bnd unoonsoiously allowed to spring in her heart. But the next words stabbed her mora oraelly than this knowledge. "Yes," Eugono went on, 41 1 was sitting here picturing the laBt hour ; this ignoble death — shot as a spy by these drunken raa- oals, and in a few days justioa may be estab lished, and right role in France. Shot like a dog, I, who had hoped suoh great things. Oh, Clemencs,. I owe my life to you. I had not a frieud hore who would have rlekod his neck lor me. Every man fears for himBelf, and these are saoh strange and awful times. There is only, one other in tho world, I think, who oonld brave oil as yon b«va done." 41 And she," gasped Olemenoe. " one is tar away, home time in eh -tip- ' pier fntnro ohs will thank you for this, petite Flour- do-Ziis. She is the woman who is to be my wife.1 Cioasnaelrit ns if eome ooohne) struck her an inward blow and her heart was bleeding. Thio, then, wab the woman with the bright, laughing face and brown onrls. She looked liko ono mode tor summer hours of dallinnoe, not for storm, and despair, and sorrow ; tho kind ol woman for a ballroom or a summer fats, not for the bedsido of doaib, or the hours of life's keenest agony. But Eugeno loved her, and ol course he defied her aooord- iegiy. " There was oho hard wooden stool in the room, and Olemenoo sank upon it, white as a broken lily. That moment she bad lived her lite. The days when Bhe had hoped anything, when she had onjoyed anything, seemed far away ; she groped after them in the remote past, and then buried them forever. Their ghosts might haunt her in the future, but she oould nover hope or enjoy again. But Eugene saw nothing, suspected noth ing. He felt daly gratcial to the dear little creature who had ri9kad her life for him; but he read nothing that was in hor heart, Preocooupied with his dreams of fame, he did not reed her sweat dream of love. Bhe eat silentiy a momont ; the blow bad paralysed her, but she gathered her strength at last, and battled with the pain. Eugeno most not know ; he must never know. " Lots no time," she whispered ; " begin yonr work; they are so noisy bolow. By midnight they' will bo quite insenBiblo; bat they may have another guard." " 44 T. can remove a bar in a oonple of hours," Eugene exalaimed, 44 and In tho darkness I oan esoapo ; no gaslight to-night to betray me." 4 And I had batter go now," Olemenoe murmured. " Oh, you dear little girl I" Eugene oried, taking hor two hands and pressing them to his lips, not noting tho vivid soarlst flush whioh spread over her faoe, 44 1 am afraid you will bring yourself into trouble by this. Keep alose ; let yoareelf be seen bb little bb . possible, or they will visit my escape on your bead. I shall never be happy till you are safe ; I shall never forgive myself if evil befall . you." 44 Do not think of me. Hark I I hoar ibt concierge coming back. Oh, be carolul ; do not look eo happy." And Eugon'e'assumed his sullen, despairing attitudo ns. the concierge opened the door, seized tho oandlo, and gavo a hasty look around. 44 Tlmo enough for love-making," he mut tered.' 44 Needn't trouble yourself to oome again, mademoiselle, beoause he's going to be shot to-morrow — a bat with all spies, I say. Viva la Commune— viva la Itepubtigue 1" And he showed Olomeuoe into the streets ' politely enough. How dark they lookod nowl liko an unfathonablo gulf of blaokncss. Olemenoe almost wiahed it wore, iodoed, a gulf, into which she might plunge, and lose forever the burden of life. Then she thanked God that Ha had given her the cbaneo to save her lriend— even to save him for that happy being whoso fate it would bo to walk life's ways at his side. 4 She longed to wait, that she might bo sura of his escape, but feared that might in some way lead to eucpioion. She leaned a moment over tho dark waters of the Seine, thinking how peaaeial tho waves looked, and yot what dark tragodies they hid. Onco boneath, how soon the oold arms would onitraoe her ; like a dream all her oares would vanish; death would lay bis hand on tho aching heart and still Hs pain forever. But somothing hold her book from flinging the life that God had givon at His foot. A thought of Chrint and His pationoooameover her. Sho walked flootly along, with a vague idea. of making hor whole life n oruoifixion of self, only she was too worn and weary now — the wound was too fresh. After a day or two sho would go forth to her lifo'e work— to ' nurso tho siok and comfort tho suffering — and the very purnoso sont a ray of comfort to hor soul. She groped hor way through tho dark pas sages to her little don. Sho had oaten noth- |ing all day, and a deathly faintncoa csmo over iher. She hnd one oandlo loft, and when sho bad lqvhtod it, eho saw that soino miaBilahad lerashed through the littlo window, and shiv ered tho panes of glass to atoms, and tlin pot of fleur-de-lis bad fallen into tho courtyard ibelow. Poor Olomenoc 1 Sho had. not wept before, ' but tho Isara aatno now. Hor last mernouio of that happiest time in her life had beon launtobed away. Liko horsolf, tho flour-de-ha had been dashod to the ground. Olemonco tracad a whimsical resomblanoo in thoir fatoB, but -wspt over th;o flower aa she had not done over herself. Tho next' day passed in a sort of tired stupor, from whioh sho made no attompt to '' xausa herself; bat toward night an unusual Iftscltflment Beamed _ta. mice Jn tho_atwe«ls.. v. ' . ' ' ' diemenoo began to fear Hor loneliness, "it was so hard to have no human being to speak to —no ono to say an enoouraging word to her. Oh, how the child hungerad and thirsted tor love t She wsb like a olinging vine suddenly torn away from its support. 44 1 cannot bear this longer," she oaid, as tho shoots and frantio orios, and noiBa of mnrohing troops and aannon shook tho houBe. 14 Even old Mother Brie will be bettertbsn no ono. Sho oan, at least, tall mo what it is all about. Oh, I pray Eogene iB safo 1" So Olemenoo wrapped herself in her shawl, and stole out ia tho dark stroots toward tho honsa of tho old washerwoman. She found Mother Brio dressodfor the pro menade in a oloan whire oap and apron, and quite exoited with a rather pleasurable exoito- inent at the promiso o! a night of terror. 41 Oh, I eame to stay with you," Olemenoo cried, in dismay. "So you shall, dear," oheerily ropliod the woman. 11 1 only want to havo a look at tho famous barrioade by the Madeleine. Han Dicu ! bow a Frenchman dooB enjoy a barri oade ! 1 swear, thoy might have beaten the Prussians if thoy oould only bavo torn up some oity pavoments and made a goDuine bar rioade. My man is in tho hottest of it." 44 But what has happened t" Olomeuoe asked. " Don't you know, littlo mouse ? The Ver sailles gentry liava won the day, and ara marching in evt one of the gates. But our people will give them a warm welaome— ay, and light some beacon fires whioh they will remember;" and the old- woman ohuckiedand laughed. " But what sro you going to do with the kerosene!" Olemenoe oried, in surprise, see ing old Mother Brio putting a can under her shawl. " Light the joy-fires, you know," Mother Brio ropliod, laughing again. 41 Come, you shall see." And Olemenoe, fearing to be left alone, olnng to her strango companion, and they went out togethar. What n econo it wan I The streets torn up, and frantio men everywhere working as if for life and death. In soma places, ovon the women were at work, orea- tnres with farious faocs, and eyes oraol as death. Onoo, Clemence stumblod over a d$ad body — a man lying stiff and stark bcstosb the publia way ; and no oue paused to raise him up. Ah, Paris was dark no more. Here and there suddenly leaped up columns ol light till the very ekies grew lurid, and wild oreatures danced like demons around tho flames. They seemed intoxicated with joy ob they saw the proudest monuments ol their aity wreathed in flame. Mother Brio had vanished, and Olemenoe ad trembling aud alone. She euossed the truth now — these wore mu joy-fires to wel come tho Versailles troops. 44 Hurra 1 tbona & a new light. The em peror himeolf acvei gave no weh costly fire works. That is tho Pufferies. We will canonize the person who did that. If the Oscmuce had won onintsbipucsii havo been cheap. We ws«H have killed all the priests, and made saints for ourselves. Ha I ha i down with tho 'Pufferies i Clear ont the filthy nest where kings and emperors rioted. Viva la Commune I" Olemeooe heard those last words with a add ehsdder. She ceeogtviiai the drunken concierge in the speaker. He wub still drank. Perhaps that was his normal oondition. Olemenoe tried to move away, bat the crowd wob too dense. Bhe was, instead, pushod nearer. Then arose a hoarse murmur— " Tho Vorsaillaise approach." The wretch turned, recognised her, and seized ber by the hand with a horrible oath. " Tr&itresB; I" hehisaad, 44 havo I met thee ? I who woe cajoled by thy eweet words I Ah, who eo sly end innoesct— going up to let out myprisoncr! Nay, you will not escape mo now. I had like to have kicked the buoket myself for thy triok, only thoy wanted good men and true to receive these secltrat i, and could not spare Favreur I Boa 1 fellow-citizens, here she n, the traitress— a spy who helped a state prisoner to esaape, and the) iby delivered us over to the enomy. What is to be done to ber ?" 41 Boiling water I" hissod out a wrinkled beldame near. 44 Spies must be shotl" growled a hard-fea tured man, looking without oompassion on th« white faoe of the youog girl, as Favreur dragged her along. 44 You seo, mademoiselle, out of tho mouth of two or three witnesses you are condemned, Commend your bouI to God or the Virgin, or whatovor yon behove in, and make short work of it." Olemenee saw there woe no bopo. Thoy were fighting furiously at the barriaades. No one knew, no one eared what what became of one poor girk denounced as a spy. Only throe but, oh I a death like this 1 ' -. 44 He will nover know how 1 died for him," she said, aa she breathed a prayer. " But 1 know it, and so doss God," she thought, and a sweet pcaoe cams into her heart and brooded over her face. 44 1 meant to give my life for inhere, and He has finished the scorifies and aoooptod it already. He seea that all is finished for me hero; now tho amen 'Is to be said," The man was fumbling about for his pistol. 44 Death to all spies I" he shouted, hoBrsoly, and a quiok report followed — then anothsr, The concierge foil heavily ; tut Eugem stepped ovor tho prostrate figure to raise thr young girl.' Tho pale faoe, with the poaoa ol God shining upon it, was transfigured into ibt faoo of an angel. The falling golden hair was like a halo. 44 Dead 1 Ob, God !" he oried, lifting her tenderly, and bearing hor out of tho crowd. 44 Oh, why was I too lata 1" He understood all then — tho high heroism, tho self-abnogation of the young girl, and he road her seorat. 44 Sho loved mo, and she baa died for me," he murmured, eolamuly, as he bora the snored bordou away to the littlo room. 44 Greater love hath no man than this— that ono should die for one4s friends." And ha quostioned much in tbo seorot roooBsas of bis soul's inner teznplo whether hie bright-faoed, laugh ing beauty oould have given her life for him. A slight shaft, with a broken flcur- do-iiB wrought in rnarblo, marks the grave of Gle- monoo in tho Pore la Ohaise, and fresh wreaths of immortelles orowned it on All Saints' Day. God keop hor momory groon I Visit to a Cuban Sugar Plantation.— After a few momunts' converso, by the invl-. tation of Senor Kodoriquoz, we arose and fol- lowed him ovor the plantation. That season's crop had all been harvested and sent away, and the huge crusher, mammoth tanks, and tho powerful engine woro lying idle, but out side of tho buildings in which the machinery was placed, tho work of planting was going on quite briskly. A string of ininTnture carts, each drawn by a siugle bullock which was driven by a negro, backed up in turn to a largo pile of mataeso (whioh is tho tefuso of the cane after it has passed through the crusher), and nftor loading about as much as a good strong white man could carry on the tines of n pitchfork, dragged it lazily off to where other negroes were scraping out long drills in the rich, mellow soil, In these trenches tho drivers of the carts sgrinkled thoir load and returned for more. Thematasse forms excellent mnnure, uud is very strength ening to tho land. In ono cornor of tho field, and under tho shade of a guova tree, wore seated sovoral old mon and young boys with a large pile of cano stalks boBido them, whioh they were busily engaged in stripping olf thoir leaves and cutting in hnlvcs the lower part of tbo stalks to be crushed and the juico made into sugar for homo consumption, while tho top with its tender shoots sprouting out at each joint or about oix inches apart, was for seed. Sugar cane grows from its sprouts or stalks and not from a kornol of grain as doeB our com, which it slightly rceomblcs when springing up from tho ground. As wo passed among tho workmen, several on seeing the proprietor and knowing him to be the man of . money, could not reBist the tempta tion of stopping their work and asking for their wages. Dropping their hoes or halting their buliocks, thoy ran to tho overseer for an order, and back to the planter; who was obliged to pause and settle. ' Some of them, howevor, on getting thoir money, in stantly returned to the overseer and reported I themselves for duty. They seemed to bo anxious to get thoir money into their posses sion, appealing to think that tho master might make a trip away from homo and they bo obliged to wait till morning for tbeir p»y ; at any rato they felt safer to havo it in their own pockets. It was a great bother, but tho planter was helpless, and obliged to make tho best of it. The Coolest Point.— The northernmost and coldest point ot Icoland, says a recent writer, is Grimscy, « speck of an island. Eighty-eight people— no more— live on it. Thoy have tried to keep a few cows, but the winters are too hard for them, Two horses and a veryilew oheep with coarse fleeces are tho only animals of. tho kind on the island. A good minister, Peter Gaodmanson, lives in this remote place. Ho is a poet and an vs- tronomor, and Is employed to take observa tions for tho Meteorological Institute nt Co penhagen, Qnce. or twlco a year some of tho islanders visit the mainland, but tho stormy seas, covered with icebergs, make the passago always dangerous. On ono side of tho island, which fo a high precipice, count less birds build thslr nests, and the collect- ,c.liSs 'B ono chief means of living for tho littlo settlement. Men aro let down over the face of the rook by ropes. They wear suits thickly wadded with feathers to save themselves from being hurt on the sharp rocks. Bookman carries a polo to help him- i ' And a ladle for scooping up nests that lio cannot reach with hia hands, There is in his frock a great packet in which he Wan put 130 eggs. There he works with tho sea roaring beneath hiin. Many accidents occur and many Uvea ore lost in this busi- ness. Saxon Peasant Weddings.— Of the gatneB enacted at some of the Saxon peasant weddings there is one that deserves to bo mentioned, affording, as it does, a curious proof of tho tenacity of old paean rites and customs transmitted by verbal tradition from ono generation to another. This is tbo Rossi /<# » or dance of the horses, evidently founded on an ancient Scandinavian legend to be found in Snorri's 44 Edda." In this tolo the gods Thor and'Loki came to a peas ant s house in a carriage drawn by twos oats or rams, and with the peasant and his family consumed their flesh for copper. Tho bones were then ordered to be thrown in a heap on the hides of the animals; but one of the peasant's sens had in eating, broken ojien a hone to get at the marrow witbin,and next morning when the gods commanded tho goats to get up, one of them limoed upon the hind leg, because of the broken bone.' At first Thor was in a great rago. and threat- w « n ?,eatr7 , tUo whole family, but allowed to be pacified, and accepted the two sons as hostages. In JaU -dram? 7® haT® before us tho gods Thor and ajoki are replaced by a colonel and a Heutonant colonel, and instead of two goats there wo two horses and ono goat ; also the two euns of tho peasant htg hore i designated as VTallachiMs. Evorvehing iitn CnU.ue' m.uc!? towrted and ofcanged.but Lai, I th VmA features of the drama, which space forbids sua here to enlarge upon, are olearly recognizable. The killing of the goat and its subsequent resurrection, the rage of tho colonel, and tho transforment of the £ sn? wto h5s being all parts of the performance, A gentleman 3hs other day laid a wager that lie would get an autograpn out ol Lord Tennyson, ,.who is remarkably eiosa in the distribution ol his sign- manual. The gentle man in question sat down, and wrote a polite noto asking the noble lord whioh, in bis opin ion, was tbo best dictionary of tbo Euglioh language — WebBter'a or Ogilvis'sl That will fetoh him, sbought the man who sot the trap. Did it ? By tho next poet name a half shoot of note paper, on whioh was oarefully posted the word' " Ogilvie," out out ol tho correspondent's own letter. General William F. Bartlett was among tho captured at Petersburg. Earlier in the wax ho had lost a leg, whioh he replaced with a patent oork leg. While he vrne standing in tho crater, a shot was heard to strike with the peculiar thud known to those who have boon in aotiou, and tho general was seen ia tottor and fall. A number of ofileurs and men immediately lifted him, when he oriod ont, "Put me any place whoro I oan sit down." "Bat yon are wounded gonoral, aren't yon?" was the Inquiry. "Mylsg is shattered to pieces," said be. 14 Then you oan't sit ap," they urged. 44 you'll have to lie ' down." 41 Oh, no I" exalaimed the general, 44 it's only my oork log that's shattered I" , >4 