THE RED SPECTRE AND THIE EMPEROR. "Tell him that the Red Man is wait ing for an auttdience." "Him" was Napoleon the Great; the command was addressed to Count de Mold, the Emperor's counsellor ; and the speaker was the Red Spectre, whose mission it was to watch over the desti nies of the Little Corporal. The Spectre, fantastically dressed in Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was told that his Milajesty was busy and must on no consideration be interrupted. The only answer that the apparition deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon-must see him alone, and at once. Still the Emperor refused point blank to grant this importunate being an inter view. "But I must see him," he persisted. "Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience." Trembling and awestruck at the im perious tone of the Phantom, Count de Mold again went on tiptoe to the royal room and delivered the mysterious mes sage. It is said when Napoleon heard this message he became a spectacle pitiable to behold. The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms dropped at his side like lead ; but though he was completely un nerved, he managed to give orders for the admission of the unwelcome guest. Then there ensued one of the most ex traordinary conversations that ever were held. Count de Mold, whose curiosity had been raised to the highest pitch, played the eavesdropper, and overheard the greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. "General," said the Red Spectre, "This is the third time I have appeared before you as a man. The first time we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyra mids; the second, after the Battle ol Wagram. "When we met at W\agram, I granted you four more years in which to com plete the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. " Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. In three months from this hour the Allies will be invad ing Paris if you do not take my advice and sue for peace. A general peace must be perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sea. Remember, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, with a degree of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man-and yet not altogether strange either when one comes to think of it-to reason with the Phan tom and to extort easier terms. He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make an honourable peace in three short months. "Do as you please," returned the Red Man, " but I will not change my resolu tion. Now I go," he said, as he opened the door and strode down the hall, fol lowed by the Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing on guard at the second door from the room in which the conversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red Man to stay, but all to no purpose. "Three months-no longer," shouted the Spectre as he disappeared at the aend of the hall. Just three months to a day from the time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al lies entered Paris (Marcht 31, 1814), and Napoleon abdicated four days after wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty he exercised was over the tiny 'island of Elba, which was the little bleak isle of the sea that had been held up to his mind's eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic talk of the preceding New Year's It is but fair to add that the official documents upon which the account of the Red Spectre's interview with Na poleon is based were signed by the Count de Mold and the guard; The former, it will be remembered, overheard the conversation; the latter attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of tirhe traditions of the French Court ever since the singular visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious look, and it is given here with all reserve. We think our old friend Mr. Burchell, of "The Vicar of Wakefield," would, have uttered many a Fwudge! could Ihe have read the statement of the Countr de Mold. It is notorious that Napoleon was cre dulous. He had a firm belief in his star of destiny; and Genera:l Rapp has re corded an instance of the " Corsican Up start's" behaviour while under.tire influ ence of this curious spell. Rapp, whose Irilliant defence of Dan zig was at the time the thelme of univer sal animation, once suddenly called on Napoleon and walked into the latter's room wholly unanlnounced. Thie Emperor sat by thie window per fectl' still, gazing intently upon the heavens. Noticing his presence Ihad not been observed, Rapl, pushed a chair with noise enourigh to attract Napoleon's at tention. Yet thie latter made no sign, antd seemed utterly oblivious of every thing. Perceiving this, Rapp nrushed to tihe side of the Emperor, fearing tlhat hIe haid fallen into a stilmor, when the latter, without taking his eyes flonl the heaverns for an il:stant, seized Rapp by thie arnm, and exclaimed in a loud tone of voice "Look there; up there." " I see notlhing but the pale, twinkling stars," returned Rapp, quietly. \" \Vhat," exclaimed the Emperor, ex citedly ; "is it possible that you do not see my star; the fiery red one, almost as large as thie mioon ? It is before you now, and oh, how brilliant." Then, warming at the sight, he fairly shrrieked as he cried out, " It has never abandoned me for a single instant; I see it on all great occa sions ; it commands me to go foward ; it is my sign ofgood fortune, and swhere it leads I will follow." Rapp said that he really screamed as he uttered the words " I will follow," andt that his face was livid as he seated hinm self in confusion and suppressed excite ment. Several minutes elapsed before the Emperor was cahn enough to ta;ke part in ordinary conversation. CasselPs Sa/trldarl, jornanel. 