The Barraba Tragedy. Execration of Lee and Cumminga. Sydney. Friday. Lee and Cummings ' were executed in Tamworth gaol this morning. The latter was in a very weak condition owing to having attempted suicide yesternight by opening a vein in his left arm with the blade of a penknife. He nearly bled to death before being discovered. Lee was quite indifferent to the end and walked calmly to the scaffold, Cummings being wheeled and assisted. On the scaffold Lee stood and Cummings sat in a chair. When the bolt was drawn both fell and died instantly without struggling. Lee's confession to the police is at most similar to his statement at the trial. It gives the third man's name as James Campbell, and persists in the statement that Cummings is an innocent man. The confession further says that at first it was intended to rob the St. . Peter's bank, before going to Barraba. Cummings said he had the knife blade secreted between his gum and cheek ever since being arrested. Later particulars show that Cummings was nearly successful in cheating the hangman. Dr. Harris states that had lie not been discovered for 10 minutes longer he would have bled to death. Cummings told the governor of the gaol that he preferred to die by his own hand than by the hangman's rope, and was sorry he had failed in the attempt. Upon a search being mode for the weapon with which he inflicted the injury, the sharpened blade of a penknife about li in. long wus found among the bed clothes, which were saturated with blood. Lee, who slept soundly all night until awakened by the noise occasioned by Cumming's sensational attempt, com plained about having his rest disturbed, and did not sleep after the occurrence. He was as unconcerned as to his fate as ever, and after partaking of a light breakfast coolly smoked his pipe until the arrival of the hangman and his assistant, Goldrick. At 9 o'clock a bell commenced to toll, and shortly after the two victims, escorted by Howard and his assistant, and followed by two gaol war dersandthe Rev. Mr. Piddington, formed a melancholy procession, which, starting from the condemned cells near the en trance to the gaol, slowly made its way to the foot of the scaffold. Cummings, who up to a quarter of an hour before the execution had laid in a dead faint, had to be wheeled to the gallows in an invalid's chair, and the spectacle of this almost dead man being carried to his death was a sickening and ghastly one. He was so weak, that it became necessary to almost carry him up the steps of the scaffold, and although several doses of brandy were administered to him he was unable to retain his seat m the chair without support. The in carceration and the recent attempt on his life had told much on Cummings who had-changed considerably and looked as pale as a ghost, but Lee who had got a shade thinner, had altered very little in appearance. Besides the two condemned there were only Howard and his assistant on the platform of the' gallows, but two warders stood one each -side guarding the foot of the gallows. When asked if they wished to say anything before they died, Lee said that all there should know that Cummings was not the man who went with him to the bank on the day of the murder, and that he himself was innocent of the crime of murder. He then said, 'Good-bye, Jack,' and expressed himself ready to die. The flaps of the white caps were then drawn quickly down and secured, and the fatal nooze adjusted in a busi ness-like manner by Howard and his assistant. Then Howard smartly slipped off the drop, gave the signal to his assistant, and the bolt was drawn. The weighted doors flew down with a dull niuffl ed sound, and Lee nnd Cummings fell together into the pit below. Death was instantaneous. On Thursday after noon Lee was visited by his attorney. The condemned man seemed entirely indifferent to his fate, and to be con cerned only as to the welfare of Cum mings. He appeared to be considerably incensed at what he called the apathy of the police in not following up the clues that he had given them in his con fession as to the identity of the alleged third man, and the place where the rifle and saddle and bridle were planted. He thanked his solicitor for his in defatigable efforts to assist him, and made in his favor several bequests. Lee appeared in a cheerful, almost jocular mood, and talked of the impending exe cution with the indifference of u spec tator. Cummings seemed to feel his terrible position more keenly, and listen ed to the ministration of the gaol chap lain with much attention. His brother visited him on Thursday morning, and a most affecting farewell was taken. A , specially constructed scaffold was erected in the gaol yard, arid a test was made of tho rope and drop with sand bags. During Thursday evening Lee be guiled the time by singing popular airs in his cell, and appeared to pay only a courteous attention to the earnest dis course of the gaol chaplain. Inspector Casey caused exhaustive in quiry to be mode as to the truth of Leo's assertions in regard to the alleged planting of the saddle and rifle in the roots of an uplifted tree near Mihi . Paddock. Several purties of police well . used to bush work h'ave been scouring the neighbourhood of the alleged 'plant' without any success, and the troopers . are unanimous in the belief that Lee's statement is entirely fictitious as far as the third man is concerned. Before the irons were knocked off his legs Lee was heard merrily whistling in his coll.. When he arrived at the foot . of the scaffold he handed a large roll of manuscript to Mr. May bury, exacting from him a solemn promise to deliver it at once to Mr. Tribe, his solicitor. On . mounting the steps of the scaffold Lee .said to Cummings : ' Keep : your pecker up, Jack.' His short speech' on tho gallows was delivered in a firm,, clear voice, and he appeared thoroughly cool and collected1 to the last; - Cummings solemnly protested to the Rev. Mr. Piddington that lie was not in the bank on the day of the murder, and so convinced was the rev., gentle man that his statement was correct that on Thursday night at 7.30 he sent a wire to the Premier again asking for a respite until proper enquiries were made as to the facts. No reply to this wire .was received, and another was sent about 8.30. A final reply from the Premier was received a little after 12, stating that the Executive saw no rea son to alter its determination in the case of either of the prisoners. The exact wording of Lee's short speech was as follows : ' Gentlemen, to all those present here to-day I declare that John Cummings is innocent of the crime for which this day he suffers. He is not the man who was with me at the Barraba bank. I myself am innocent of the crime of murder.' Lee then turned to his companion and in tones which evidenced the first emotion he had shown, he said, ' Jack, old man, are you ready? We will meet once more in some other place.' Cummings, who was very near the end before the drop fell, was heard by those on the scaffold to reply in a faint whis per to Lee's farewell, ' Silence is the language of the dead.' He was prac tically dead before the bolt was drawn. The left side of Lee's face was discolored, as if from a bruise, and the left eye was also blackened by the action of the knot. The face of Cummings looked calm and peaceful, as though he had died in a deep sleep. The body of Cummings was claimed by his brother and interred in the Church of England cemetery. Lee's body was interred within the precincts of the gaol. Lee's Previous Record. Since his first arrival in this colony as a sailor, about 10 or 11 years ago, Alick Lee hod lx-rne a decidedly bad reputation. Even on board ship he had an unenviable record, and for the last nine years he had been known to the police as a cunning, dangerous, and reckless criminal. On March 2, 1885, for shooting with intent, he was sentenc ed to five years' penal servitude. On March 27, 1887, while serving this sentence he attempted the life of one of the gaol warders, was found guilty of maliciously wounding, and was sentenced to five years penal servitude. A year later he made a desperate attempt to escape from Goulburn Gaol, but was frustrated in his efforts to regain his liberty. For this offence he was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment. He afterwards petitioned for a remission of his sentence, and his appeal appears to have been successful, as he was liberated in October, 1892. Lee was 33 years of age. During his incarceration prior to his execution he maintained that calm, un concerned demeanor which characterised all his actions at his trial. He appeared to be a thorough infidel, and only re ceived the ministrations of the gaol chaplain as a pure matter of form. Since the sentence lie held no communication with anyone with the exception of his solicitor, and on the occasion of his alleged confession with Detective Goulder and Mr. Cowper, sheriff. He hod no relatives in the country and few, if any, friends except among theprisoners in the various gaols where most of his acquaintances appear to have been picked up. Since his conviction he has spent the greater part of his time writ ing poetry and humming to himself some well-known music hall ditties. He com plained bitterly of the cold cell, and used to pace it covered with a blanket. On one occasion he remarked to his soli citor ' I think they might let me out in the sunshine for a while. I won't see much more sun in this world, however much I may see in the next.' He always spoke well of the treatment of the gaol officials, and said that he would meet his fate as it became a man. He said he had no fear of death, and all he hoped was that when the finale arrived there would not be a repetition of the Mont gomery-Williams bungle. The Life of Cummings. John Cummings was anative of Walla badah, near Quirindi, and 34 years of age. Previous to being arrested for the mur der of Bank Manager M'Kay, Cummings had only served one sentence, viz., five years' for horse stealing, whichhe received at the Tamworth Quarter Sessions on July 11, 1884. He was liberated in March, 1888, and is supposed to have made the acquaintance of Lee in g.iol. Cummings wasa few years ago a shearers' delegate, and took a prominent part in the formation of carriers' and shearers' unions in the north-western portion of the colony. It was his intention to have been nominated as a candidate in the labor interest for Moree at tho present election. The shearers, it is generally believed, subscribed £100 for his defence in the murder case. His parents reside in Sydney, undsincehisconviction he was on two occasions visited by his mother, two sisters, and a brother. The parting between mother and son was most pain ful to witness. Up to the lust moment Cummings had hopes that the last dread sentence of the law would not be carried out in his case. He spent most of his tiino reading, and writing letters to his relations. One of his sisters, who is married, but who has not visited him in gaol, is evidently a lady with an intellect far above the average, and she had written him several beautiful letters, imploring him to make his peace with God. Cummings, who was not the eallous wretch that Lee appeared to be, was considerably softened by his sister's epistles, and wrote to her, stating that he was struggling hard within himself to meet her wishes. He was a right down Socialist, and appeared to have very little more belief in a Supreme Being than his partner in crime. — E. News. 