THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, AUG. 10, 1894. -I-. EPITOME OF NEWS. Kingston v. City at Risdon to-morrow. Mail train leaves Hobart at 10 o'clock to-night, and a local for Glenorchy at 810. ' Botany lecture to-night, Technical School, 8 o'clock. Trowbridge's Hotel at Moorina burnt to the ground on Wednesday night. Very little saved. Mr. R. G. Warner announces to subscribers to the Tasmanian Trade Protection Association that after 10 years' pleasant business intercourse with them he is compelled to relinquish it through an urgent call to England. He asks for a transfer of their confidence to his successor, Mr. E. T. Tinning. . Silver quoted at 26d. Victorian wheat sold at 24s. 11d. in London. Earthquake at Sicily. Fifty people killed. Several accidents at Kensington races," Sydney, yesterday, to horses and jockeys Seventh Day Adventist condemned to the stocks at, Sydney for working on a Sunday. The United States tariff has now been virtually settled by compromise. Jabez Balfour at last extradited from Argentina Republic. Norton has won the New Zealand Grand National Steeplechase. Unionist fools still burning woolsheds in Queensland. j ? Interest on bank deposits reduced in New South Wales. Sir Joseph Abbott has been appointed Pro-Grand Master of the Masonic body in New South Wales. Great Britain and Russia have abandoned attempted mediation between China and Japan. A woman aged 67 years and 5 months has died at Taree on the Manning River, New South Wales. Reduction of Victorian railway staff will be proceeded with gradually. Five hundred go within the next 12 months. Wonderful discovery of gold continues at Coolgardie. Lumps of almost pure metal found. One weighing 1521. Figures prove anything. The late New South Wales Treasurer's estimate that revenue would exceed expenditure by £100,000 is now refuted by Treasury clerks' calculations In the Legislative Council yesterday, The Impounding Bill was read a third time and passed. The Launceston Corporation Bill amendments made in committee were agreed to by the Council, the Standing Orders were suspended, the bill read a third time, and passed. The Road Rates Aid Regulation Bill was recommitted, clause 2 amended, the bill reported as further amended, and the amendments ordered for consideration next day. The Real and Personal Estates Duties Bill amendment by the Assembly was considered and disagreed with because it was not in accordance with Parliamentary procedure. The Salaries Reduction Bill was read a second time. The Audit Act Amendment Bill was read a second time and committed, and progress reported on a new clause. The Totalisator Bill, Gazette Publication Bill, and Public Works Execution Bill were received from the Assembly, read a first time, the Standing Orders suspended, and second readings fixed for next day. A petition was received praying for the admission of wines to the Tasmanian Exhibition free of duty. The Council adjourned at 9.55 p.m. until 4 p.m. next day. In the House of Assembly yesterday. The Minister of Lands, in reply to Mr. Dobson, stated that Messrs. Johnson and Mead had leased the right of entry into the Hobart railway station yard for two years at a rental of £205. The Select Committee reported that they considered the claim of A. Kennedy of Launceston, was one for the arena of the Law Courts. A Bill to Provide for the Execution of Certain Public Works was read a third time, and passed. A message was received from the Legislative Council stating that the Council had agreed, with amendments, to the Launceston Corporation Bill. The Codlin Moth Act (1888) Amendment Bill was read a second time, taken into committee, progress reported, and leave obtained to sit again next day. One of the amendments of the Legislative Council in the Hobart Corporation Act, restricting the mode of letting the markets, was disagreed with. A Bill to Abolish the Publication of Certain Official Accounts in the Hobart Gazelle was read a second time, taken through committee without amendments, and finally passed. A bill to further amend The Stamp Duties Act, 1882, was read a second time, but in committee was, on the motion of Mr. CRISP, amended, making the duty payable 6d. on all receipts for £2 and upwards. Progress was then reported and leave given to sit again next day. The Employers' Liability Bill was carried through committee and read a third time and pasted. The second reading of a bill to amend the Act appointing an additional Judge of the Supreme Court was read a second time and the committee stage fixed for next day. At 11.30 the House adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. * Some future historian in writing about the characteristic belief of the present day will, we may fairly expect, describe it as an almost grovelling faith in machinery. We do not mean, we need hardly say, faith in the doing of much manual work by the aid of machines, for that may be said to be warranted by results, but the simple, the touching faith that so many persons hold that human nature can be changed by means of what may be called mechanical devices for the "general welfare. The""pTttjects~~which are now under general discussion are almost numberless, they may be said to grow by the folly on which they feed, whilst we actually have periodicals devoted to parading each new delusion as if it was a revelation from Heaven direct. In other days the editors of papers and journals felt in duty and honour bound to exercise great discretion in regard to the things to which they gave their approval, but in these delusions, swindles, old piggeries, even the miserable fortune-telling and witchcraft that were laughed at in ancient Rome, are gravely set forth as things which are to produce new wonders of the world. We are reminded of these things by reading the Report of the Royal Commission on Labour which has just terminated its sittings in England, which, as we showed the other day, substantially concluded that the only solu- tion of labour troubles is for both employers and employed to reform themselves. When both under stand the measure of their might, and when both have learned their true interest, as the Commission tells us they are learning, strikes and look-outs will cease, and the labour world will devote itself to the true method of solving labour problems. But, there is a majority of the Commission which is not satisfied with so unsensational a conclusion. It wants machinery. It insists that things can be righted by now devices. It holds, if it did but know it, that human nature can be changed by simple contrivances which a Government ought to devise. It is disgusted to think that so much evidence should have been taken, so many opinions heard, so many faddists, re- formers, labour jugglers, enthusiasts, and others had their say. with no better result than that they are told, what they know quite well before, that if they reform themselves all will be re- formed. The thing seems to be monstrous, incredible. The believers in a governmental providence will not have it at all, but insist that their remedies ought to be tried, and that they have not received fair play. The labour doctors are like Constitution makers, of whom the Abbe Sieyes is the head and type. They have profound faith that they can control 'human nature by a system of checks and devices, " one sure if another fails," like " the twenty- nine distinct damnations " of Browning's monk The historian and the student know that Constitutions only work so long as the people are' wise enough to work them, and that, after all, we have to come back to the old virtues of moderation, forbearance, patriotism and' prudence. This is what the Abbe Sieves found out, and this is the one great truth that Trade Unions and other associations, besides a whole host of new lights with old lanterns, have been trying to get round in vain. To take one example only from a Report of the Commission, which has been put forward by the minority. It is about the most practical suggestion that has been made in connection with the inquiry, and yet' a little research shows it to be hopelessly impracticable. For some time past there has been abroad an idea that trade disputes might be settled by compulsory arbitration, but that has been shown to be impossible under existing conditions, on the very clear principle that a horse may be taken to the water but cannot be made to drink. This, however, does not dismay the new lights in the least. Their reply is conclusive, " alter your principles and then the thing can be done." So they propose to incorporate the employers and the employed, each in separate organisations, and make them capable of suing and being sued, and thus the problem is solved. Does a master reduce wages, the men take the money, and then sue the corporation to which he belongs for the difference. Bo workmen strike, the employer calls for the arbitration of a Board, and if it decides in his favour he sues the trade association to which his workmen belong. Nothing could be more beautifully simple provided that certain conditions exist. One must be, that nobody shall employ or be employed who does not belong to a legalised association. In other words, it is proposed to form close corporations of employers and employed, somewhat after the fashion of the old guards, with 'the corollary that nobody shall work or employ workmen who do not belong to one of these. How is any Legislature going to carry out such a system as this, which would be tantamount to saying that men shall not dispose of their labour as they please? What is to happen if a master chooses to discharge all his society men, as we presume that he would be free to do, and takes on free labourers in their place ? Is he to be perpetually sued by the discharged men, and damages to be perpetually recorded against him again, suppose the workmen go away and decline to work for a particular employer, is their society to make good for ever his loss ? It would be easy enough to go on and state a dozen or more fatal objections to the scheme proposed, which in any case could only apply to incorporated employers and employed. The moment either side chose to leave the corpora- tion all liability would be at an end, and this is what would be certainly done if any great point was to be gained. For example, if a body of employers wanted to reduce wages, and the Board decided against them, they would simply dissolve their corporation, and fight the battle in precisely the same manner as they do now. Before any such scheme could have even a remote chance of success, the law must provide for the compulsory incorporation of all workmen and employers of labour, and incorporation under certain very stringent conditions, and how this is to be done no one has, so far, condescended to explain. As we have so often said, in dealing with Socialistic and other proposals to make everybody happy all these things depend upon the tacit assumption that a Government has an irresistible power to do, and is prepared to do certain things. The assumption is, in fact, that a Government shall regulate the life of the whole community, and that it shall regulate it always with supreme wisdom and absolute benevolence mixed with unquestionable force. Now, as Governments do not happen to be an abstraction, but are crying, blundering things made by very ignorant and unstable people, what is assumed is a simple impossibility, and thus the lofty edifice built up is discovered to have no foundation. And so the majority of the Commission, like other folks, find themselves forced to come back to the much-neglected virtues. THE discussions which have taken place over the Road Bates And Regula- tion Bill in the Legislative Council have shown that some changes of an important character are impending. The bill itself will operate very unfairly, and the more so because of the exigencies of the times. Road Trusts that have been in existence less than five years, even though they have rated their districts to the full limit, will not participate in the subsidy, and the clause will operate harshly upon them. Other cases may be cited where Trusts which have been rating at Is. for the past years have felt that they must lighten the burdens upon the ratepayers, and have either reduced the rate or dropped it altogether for the present 'year. But the Government and Parliament, whilst reducing and retrenching so far as- their expenditure is concerned, inferentially demand that the people shall have charges imposed upon them beyond what they are really able to bear. There can be no doubt that we have had too much coddling, but it has been the comple- ment of our littleness. If the position were boldly grasped, and a comprehensive local government bill passed into law, there would then be something like' districts for the raising of revenue, but so long as the colony is split up into little divisions for one purpose, and another, subsidies must be voted or" chaos will be the result. However, as we are most concerned with the present state of affairs, it would be well if power were given to the Trusts to allow ratepayers to work' out their rates in improving the roads. The practice is generally followed in Canada, where it is designated Statute Labour, and if we mistake not used to be allowed by some Trusts here years ago. Very great economy would result if the Trust's were entrusted with the expenditure of votes of money for roads, besides which the money would be spent in a way that would much better serve the wants of the district. The tangled web of taxation woven by the Treasurer becomes more tangled as he proceeds. The fantastic taxes are found to involve troubles and consequences not at all foreseen, whilst it is becoming clear that even the Assembly is not disposed to have them as proposed. Last night the stamp duties ; produced quite a new tangle, in which the House as well as the Minister got involved, and which it escaped after the fashion of Alexander with the Gordian knot by the simple process of cutting through the tangles. Moreover, as the Bill was brought in by the Treasurer, it compelled any workman signing a pay-sheet or giving a receipt for his wages to affix a penny or a two penny stamp, according to the amount of his weekly wage, so that he would have to pay as much under this new tax as if the terrible increased duty on tea had been imposed. Such is the very tender mercy of the Treasurer for the working man. As matters stand the tax, like the famous sixpence of the Scotchman, has gone being. After a long discussion as to whether contracts should be stamped like conveyances, in the course of which many flaws in the Bill were revealed, this portion of the measure was postponed for further advice, which seems to be much needed. Then, when the receipt stamp schedule was taken there set in a strong current of dissent, arising from various considerations. Some said that the trouble of cancelling the stamps, which is quite an elaborate process, would be an intolerable nuisance, others declared that the duty would be evaded as it was when in force before, whilst many saw in the graduation all sorts of evils and troubles. In the end, it was decided to make the minimum amount requiring a stamp £2, and a penny was fixed as the uniform tax to be paid on all receipts, whatever the sum for which they are given may be. This caused the Treasurer to require time for reflection, so the further consideration of this new tax was postponed until to-day, when Mr. Fysh may have some remarks to make. It is understood that if the tax is proceeded with receipts for wages will be exempt, but then a definition of wages will be required.' A Bill, was passed by the Assembly yesterday to provide for the execution of certain additional public works to the extent of £10,000. There were two schedules. Schedule 1 particularised works, the cost of executing which will be defrayed out of the un- expended balances of the moneys already provided by Parliament, and amounting to £11,426. On roads and bridges £2,848 will be expended and divided into about a dozen items, the two principal ones being £500 for improving the route between Strahan and Mount Lyell, so often advocated in the columns of The Mercury. The other is a sum of £375 for street construction, including £250 for at last improving Bath-street, leading to Maryville Esplanade, Sandy Bay. There will be £800 available for jetties, namely, £600 for the proposed new one at Port Cygnet, and £200 for one at Denne's Point. In the miscellaneous items there is one of £3,800 for the completion of the purchase of land in Lower Macquarie-street, Hobart. The third schedule mainly contains items to, be expended in opening up new tracks, and on the whole the works seem to be well selected out of many others asked for. At any rate, they have all been the subject of deputa- tions to Ministers, motions in Parliament, or letters to the press. Can the codlin moth be eradicated ? This is the question which has puzzled and continues to puzzle a very large number of persons. In the Assembly yesterday, when the Bill to Amend the Codlin Moth Act was discussed, the opinions given were strangely contradictory. Some members averred that the present Act was utterly useless, for the moth rampaged at its own sweet will, unchecked try all the work of all the inspectors. On the contrary, i others declared that in their part of the colony the moth had been subdued, and that if the law was properly enforced it could be cleared out all over the colony. This latter is, probably, the truth, but the difficulty is to make the reckless ones attend to theirdutie8,and this work is precisely what cannot be done. In some parts of the United fifufAc flic work of f»YrArmïna.tinn rain soon, it is stated, successfully performed, and if done there, the inference is that it can be done here also. One thing is quite clear, and that is, that we must show our earnestness in keeping down the post, if we do not wish to have our fruit prohibited in the other colonies, where the growers are very ready to raise the alarm in their own interests. The object of the new Bill is to ensure that all cases of fruit shall bear the registered brand of the exporter, so that the exporter will be held responsible for what fruit he sends away. Another idea was to enable the inspector to always got at the grower in case of infection, but nobody could show how this was to be done, as a shipment of fruit might have been bought from a dozen growers. The House got very confused in its endeavours to get at all the growers, and compel them to use a brand for all fruit sold, no matter whether it was going out of the colony or not. The Bill as it was drafted was a good Bill, but the House was in danger of making it a very curious attempt at legislation. Finally, it was decided to postpone the Bill until to-day, with a little piece of advice from Mr. Bird, that the House had better make up its mind what it wanted to do. Tub latest idea of a gentleman fruitful in ideas, Mr Henry Dobson, is that the Ministry should arrange for a conference of Ministers of all the colonies, to be held in Hobart, on the subject of' intercolonial freetrade. The proposal is that this conference shall take place after the meeting of the Federal Council in February next, if not earlier, when a certain number of Ministers will be in the colony. We do not know what view our own Ministry will take of this proposal, but we see no reason why the attempt should not be made to have another palaver on a subject on which all are theoretically agreed, but practically at so much variance as to leave little hope that they will come together. Whether a talk over this matter at the present time would or would not do much good we shall not undertake to say, but it is not easy to discover how any practical work can be done. The colonies are, we are afraid, too deep in financial disorder to be prepared to assent to the loss of Customs duties at this particular time, no matter how attractive the cause of Union may appear. Victoria, for example, is at her wits' end to raise money, and we are quite sure that any proposal to throw away revenue would be received with such a book as would effectually deter _ any Minister from attempting anything practical in that direction. It may be doubted, too, whether New South Wales will be prepared to join such a conference at this particular time, seeing that the political developments in that colony must be very uncertain for a long period, and that it is quite possible that many changes may take place before the date proposed to be fixed for the conference. On the whole, the time does not seem to be propitious for such a conference ; but, as we have said, we cannot see that any harm can result from an attempt to get a conference together. We should think that the subject is one which ought to be fully discussed by the Federal Council, by which it is possible, though we fear hardly probable, that some practical suggestions may be made. A Tasmanian Story The serial tale running in The Tasmanian Mail during the East few weeks having reached its finale, it as been succeeded by a Tasmanian story, which occupies the fiction pages of that journal in to-morrow's issue. The story, entitled " A Country Burglary," and from the pen of a loan! author, is capitally wrought out; from the familiar Mullaney township in which the scene is laid to the closing incidents the interest of readers will be well maintained. Its details serve to show how even a shrewd investor in mining stock may be at the behest of any designing speculator within reach, the "murder will out " theory being exceedingly well planned. Were the author's real name attached to this contribution he would receive the congratulations of the lovers of fiction, but, as generally happens with amateur writers, he shelters himself under a nom de plume.. On Saturday, August 18, the serial tales in The Mail will be resumed, arrangements having been made for the opening chapters of " William Blacklock, Journalist," to appear on that date. Vital Statistics. - The Government Statistician's report on vital statistics of the colony shows that during the month of July 145 births 74 males and 79 females were registered in the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston, 'This shows ado crease of 31 births as compared with the corresponding month last year, and a decrease of 23 "6 as compared with the average of the births registered in July during the last five-yearly period. To every 1,000 of the population of the two districts the proportions of births registered were as follow For Hobart, 2073 for Launceston, 245 ; all, 2 50. Deaths. The deaths registered in June, in Hobart and Launceston, numbered 1256 males and 36 females ; 20 deaths, or 252 per cent, of the whole, took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during July, 1804, is 1 less than the corresponding month last year, and shows a decrease of 650 lb'; compared with the average number of deaths registered in July during the last five-yearly period. To every 1,000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered were as follow Hobart. 1-86 ; Launceston, 120 ; nil, 1-03. The deaths under five years of age numbered 15, or 15-16 per cent, of which 12 were under I year of age ; the deaths between 5 and 65 years of age numbered 30, or 42 39 per cent.; and the deaths 65 years and up wards numbered 38, or 4131 per cent. In the country districts the returns are Births : North- Eastern, mules, 31 : female?, 28 ; North-Western, 51-41 ; Midland, 22 25 ; South-Eastern, 20-29 ; South-Western, 6-0. Total for all country districts, 130 makE and 120 females. Total, 251), or 2 63 per 1,000 of the population. The total in 1893 was 254, and in 1802, 203. The deaths were: North-Eastern Males, 10 ; females, 0 ; NorthWestern, 8 13 Mid- lands, 4-0 ; South-Eastern, 10-4, South Western, 1-0. Totals for all country districts were Males, 38; females, 20; total, 52, or '53 per 1,000 persons. The total in 1893 was 60. and in 1892. 81. Meti.ouoi.ooy,-Tho following meteorological observations in Hobart are taken from an abstract for the month of July, 1894, prepared by Mr. H. C. Kingsmill, Meteorological Observer Barometer, mean in., 2733. Thermometer, extreme max. deg. F., 60 on July 27 and 28) ; do. men, deg. F., 37 (on July 10 and 12) ; mean, dry dog. F., 40-7 ; de, wet dog, P., 43.G ; dew point, mean deg., 40 ; elastic force of vapour, '248 ; relative humidity, '78 ; number of days rain, 10 : rain in inches, 'sale. School Accommodation at Zkkhan.-It will be remembered that when the ex- Treasurer (Mr. Henry and his colleagues in the last Ministry took a tour over the West Coast, the necessity for increased school accommodation at Zeehan, was brought strikingly under their notice, and they were obliged to admit that a school-house would have to be erected at West Zeehan. Nothing, however, was done, and now the present Government say they have no funds available for the purpose. Yesterday, Mr. Urquhart, M.H.A., waited upon the Premier on the matter. Sir Edward Braddon admitted there was a great necessity for the school, and promised to consult his colleagues as to ways and means. If in any way possible the much desired accommodation should be supplied. Tenders ron School Books. Private enterprise having of late so closely competed with the Education Department in the disposal of school books, the latter will no longer keep Stocks in hand. The department is now also sending out circulars to the leading stationers and booksellers in the two cities inviting them to tender for the purchase of what is left of these stocks. The tenderers will also be requested to intimate what they will be prepared to supply the necessary books and stationery for as per schedule to be supplied by. the Director of Education. The Crown Lands Act. The new Crown Lands Act came into force yesterday. Tasmanian International Exhibition. -A meeting of the General Committee of the Women's Section will be held at the Exhibition offices, Macquarie street, to- morrow afternoon at 3. Hobart Gas Co-The dividend declared at the half-yearly meeting of this company is now taxable. I Unkmiloihu Remark CoMMirrrn -The committee met last evening, the Rev Dr R Scott presiding, several members of the committee being present The treasurer (Mr J G Parker) stated that he had received through the Hebrew congregation a cheque amounting to £20 It was decided ] to forward a letter- of thanks to the donors, also to Mr A O Gordon, secretary to the Concert and Distribution of t, of a Committee, for the very handsome donation The Works Committee reported that no new works had been commenced, but the works in hand were being satisfactorily proceeded with An estimate the amount of funds available to the committee having been stated the Works Committee were requested to submit a list of new works proposed to be taken in hand Considerable discussion having taken place re work in improving the South Hobart recreation ground, itwasevcutiiallv decided to ask the Works Committee to confer with the Secretary of the South Hobart ground Among the subscriptions receiv cil last evening was a handsome donation from His Worship the Mayor of Hobart. The work of improving Park street, the committee feel sure when completed, will meet with general approval Several of the residents in that part of the city have expressed their willingness to contribute to the committee's funds The good work already taken in hand by the committee has met with universal approval and will, if continued, meet with ready assistance from the citizens This morning the Hon the Minister of Lands and Works has kindly arranged to met a sub-committee to inspect some new proposed works ORATORY, PUBLIC SPEAKING, AlD ELOOO TWIN.- This was the subject of a lecture delivered last night to the members of Chalmers Literary Society by ^ their chairman, Mr. James Longmore. Oratory was defined as simply meaning now-a-days persuasive speaking to carry conviction to the minds of men. It was stated that a Lruo orator could not be manufactured, and that J eloquence was as much a natural gift is any other talent. Some ancient orators were J mentioned, notably Demosthenes and Cicero, and it was shown that many of their great orations were models of speech even to this day. Some striking incidents in the career of Demosthenes were noted, and the plans be adopted to become proficient in the art of oratory. His speeches were carefully prepared the reason he gave being that it showed him to be a good member of a democratic State for the coming prepared to the ros to in was a mark of respect for the people. Some of the leading modern era for a negro referred to under the headings of the Senate, the bar, and the pulpit. Short sketches and some striking extracts were given from the speeches of MU, Sheridan,Cuuuiug,Currun,liroughiun,Uricht, and Gladstone. Among the pulpit orators referred to were Chrysnstun, Robert Hall, Dr. Chalmers, Beecher, and others. Public speaking was then dealt with. It was shown that all great movements had been set going by the power of speech wielded by a master hand. Clearness, of utterance, perfect deliberation in manner, know what you have got to say, were given as some ways to succeed. An anecdote was related of Henry Ward Beecher, who was asked by a friend if hooverlosttno thrmidof hisdinooursc. Of course I do, said Beecher and what do you do then said his friend. I simply stamp and holder till I find it again, and the newspapers say next morning at this point the rev, gentleman was uncommonly eloquent. Members were urged to study the history of nations as regards laws, parliaments, states- men, and revolutions and their causes. These were for facts and then the works of poets and orators to clothe the facts. The opinion was expressed that speaking from notes was preferable to writing out a speech in full, although to acquire the gift of per foot oratory writing cut in full was necessary for correct diction. The plan adopted by various eminent speakers in preparing their speeches was referred to. Brevity in speech was urged, the remark being made that however prosy a speech is an audience would put up with it if short, but not if it is long. The most vigorous speaker was shown to be the one who could utter the best thought in the fewest words. Members were reminded of the necessity of being careful to saying nothing to wound the feelings of others in their speeches, and of being sincere in what they said and not like a great London orator, who candidly owned on one occasion that in his most impressive appeals he felt nothing but simply did it for effect. A few words on elocution in the direction of urging members to its study. It was given as a fundamental rule to follow nature. The opinions of Samuel Brannigan, a noted English elocutionist, was quoted on expression. Ranting and monotony were specialty referred to, and some remarks made as to how they might be guarded against. On the question of action and gesture several opinions were given, which went to show that little action was best, and that the eye often did more then the hand. Pi enunciation and enun- ciation who then referred to and some hints given on the best way of beginning correctly in both. The lecturer concluded by strongly recommending members to be in earnest in their studies, and to practice constantly and perseveringly, and in the words of Sir Joshua Reynolds " Excellence is never greater to man but as the reward of labour. To well-directed labour, nothing is denied, and nothing is to be obtained without it." The paper was listened to with great attention, many members expressing their thanks to the essayist. A hearty vote of thanks moved by Mr. Shirley. was carried unanimously. Y.W.C.A. The sale of work in connection with this Association was opened yesterday afternoon by Mrs. Montgomery, Mrs. Dobson having been called to Launceston. The val John stalls looked very picturesque, and were all well stocked. The refreshment stall was presided over by Misses Kerr, Davis, and Seabrook ; plain sewing, Misses Crouch and Fisher ; fancy, Misses Heathorn and White . apron, Mrs, Warren's, Misses Snowden and Paton ; poultry. Misses Chancellor and Searle ; confectionery, Misses Burn and Whiteside. A stall stocked b by the junior branch attracted general attention. It was presided over by Mrs. Koerbin, assisted by Misses Reid and King. Misses Heathorn and Hall dispensed the good things provided at the afternoon tea stall During the evening a musical programme was rendered by the following ladies and gentlemen, and was greatly appreciated Pianoforte duet, Mrs. Simmons and Miss Seabrook ; violin solos, Mr. DentiMi ; cornet solo, Mr. E. Crisp, Miss Reid accompanying. A brisk business was done both in the afternoon and evening, the goods from the various stalls being rapidly cleared away. Benevolent SecrET. The usual weekly meeting was held yesterday afternoon. There were present Rev. J. W. Simmons (chairman), Messrs. Kerr, Reynolds, Baily, Crouch, and Seabrook (hon. sec.) The Registrar reported for the week ending August 0 having distributed 38 full and 144 half-rations s 182 families were relieved, comprising 131 men, 173 women, and 480 children, making a total of 700 individuals. Application;] for aid from 13 parties. Dona- tions were thankfully received from WART , £1; Mr. J. Beckwith, 5?.; 2 dozen black puddings from Mr. Scholz. Correspondence was received from the director of Charitable Institution, New South Wales, Mr. Sydney Maxted, and the secretary of the Charity Organisation Society, Victoria, Mr H. R. Carter, relative to the proposed Charity Conference to be held here during January, 1895\. It was decided to apply to the Municipal Council for use of the Town-hall and Committee-room for the Conference. Aid was given in several deserving cases. New Town Charitable Institution, The inmates were provided with an enjoyable entertainment on Wednesday night by members of the Lyric Variety Company. The first part, a minstrel performance inter- locutor, Master E. Newton ; bones, Masters Wooby and Connolly ; numbers, Maaturs Newman and Shaw. Songs by the Misses Robertson (3), Keilling, and Russell ; M as for a Wooby, Shaw, and Newton. The alrAtoh Pul a. frame in the Slot brought the first part to a close the second part opened with a chorus from the Mikado, by the full company, numbering 17 A clever performance of club swinging by Miss M Robertson was well received A mandolin solo by Miss G White, was a very pleasing item Othe tambourine dance, from La Mascotte, was gracefully performed by the Misses Y Keeling and C Robertson Songs by the Misses M and B Robertson, Masters O Fellowes and Shaw followed, and the farce, Ghost in the J'ai shop, brought a pleasant evening to a lIosl Goitre Tiinouoii.-Mr C. Napier Bell, the well-known New Zealand engineer, was a through passenger from Melbourne to Wellington by the ss. Waihora yesterday. Mr. Bell was in Queensland, but received a cable from the New Zealand Government to return to report on the condition of the harbour works at Napier, New Zealand, which have been injured by severe storms during this winter. PIGEON SHOOTING AT ANTILL PoNDS. A shooting match is to take place at the Half-Way House, Antill Ponds, to-morrow. Hospital Case Harry Henry, a labourer residing at 2, Patrick-street, was treated at the hospital yesterday for a "vat leg, caused by an agent of salvMUMd lion falling on him. Cur Portions CouRT. Mr. Bernard Shaw Acting V.M., and Mr. T. M. Fisher, J.P., presided at this Court yesterday. Cecilia Archer, for using obscene language in a house in Melville-street, was fined 40s. and costs, or in default one (-month. Elizabeth Stennings, for riislurbingtVpe peace in LiVLrpnol-strcoc on the 6th Ink., was fined 5s., or 48 hours. Three charges of failing to register dogs were withdrawn, and one was adjourned for a week. Ci.AitK\uh Fumes COURT. There were no cases at this Court yesterday. 'I am avian Club's special general meeting of members of the Tasmanian Club is to be held this afternoon at 5 o'clock. Kingston New Cp tude. The founda tion stone of the new parish church, Kingston, will be held by Bishop Montgomery on Wednesday, 22nd mat. The procession of clergy, plan rewarding, building committee, etc, will leave the Parsonage iitSo'oJock for the sale of the now ohm ob. In the evening a sacred concert will be given. S s. Victory Will leave at 1.45 for Kingston, returning at 555. Conokki, South Ahmed's. Pinafore leaves Hobart this evening for the concert and dance to be lioldatCslverton-hall. They are to be given by Hobart and local amateurs. With a line evening this should prove a very enjoyable outing. iii LMtnivB CmtisTV Minstrel Troop. An entertainment is to be given by this combination, under the conductorship of Mr. Bradshaw Major, at the Uellorivc-lnstitute this evening. The programme includes plantation and topical songs and screaming negro farce. Steamers leave O'May's wharf at 7.30 p.m., returning after the concert, New bxiiimTioN-nuiiiDiNi!.-'A concert will he given on Wednesday evening next in aid of the Tasmanian Military Band uniform and instrument fund. This bawl comprises some of the principal professional and amateur instrumentalist in Hobart, and in making an appeal to the public they wish it understood that it is impossible for a really good band to do justice to any music interior instruments, which are all they possess at present. To the public complying with this request for assistance the band promises to be always to the front in any charitable and worthy object. Tasmanian Poultry and Dog Show. Entries for the show to be held on September 5 and 6 close to-day. For the convenience of exhibitors the secretary will be in a attendance during this afternoon, and up to 9 o'clock. Tasmanian Cycling Club. - Intending: competitors in the Two-mile Handicap' Bicycle Race to be run to-morrow afternoon on the upper cricket ground are reminded that entries close with H. W. Quodling, at the club rooms, this evening. The first prize is to be a handsome trophy presented by the '.S.T.J.E.A. The race is open to all cyclists. Sokull Athletic Sroirrs. -An athletic sports meeting will be held at the Sorell racecourse on September 6, under the patronage of the Drapers and Grocers Assistants' Association. There are 8 events exclusive of races for boys, high jump, consolation race, etc. All except the Pembroke' Purse are open to all. Full particulars of the programme, etc., appear in another column. Nominations must be sent to Mr. J. Timothy, hon, sec., before August 12. Handicaps will be Published August 18. Hobart Marine: Bound. Tenders will be received at the office of the Hobart! Marine Board up to noon to-day, August 18, for taking down shed and erecting the same on the New Wharf. All further particulars may be obtained from Messrs. Huckson and Hutchison, architects. Unoi.ai.iied Telkouam.-A message addressed W. Martin, 70, Campbell-street,. awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Office. Reliciion BasedontiieSenskoi'Smell. ARusaiau journal doscribesapeoiili'ir religious movement in the province of Kiev. The originator was a Russian, given to drink until the age of 40 years, when he reformed and joined the Stundists, following zealously the religious rites of the sect, and often going into a condition of ecstasy. A few . years later he began to suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving extremely pleasant perfumes, which he declared to be the smell of the Holy (Ghost. Then he conceived that he was possessed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was Jesus Christ. He obtained numerous peasant followers, who sold their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Saviour of the world, in which there should soon be new regulations ; no one should die, and no one should have need-to work or to care for the future, for God would care for them all. Most of them so fired" from hallucinations of the sense of smell,, perceiving extremely agreeable odours, which they described as pertaining to God and Heaven. Mary had a feeling of remarkable bodily lightness, as if nothing in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hysterical. 'The congregations were always noisy and excited, some falling to the earth, others jumping, striking, themselves on the breast, and shouting, immaculately. Some would imitate conversation ; but it consisted of incomprehensible,, senseless sounds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere Most of them were emaciated and arsenic. The epidemic was finally overcome by the authorities; those who were most insane being shut up in asylum?, while the hysterical were sent to hospitals and convents. A Lame Show on Pictuuks.-Thero is nothing equal to novelty to secure the attention of the buying people, and the usual plan of operation has been far exceeded by a new venture the part of the old established firm of Maiisii & Co. in Murray-street, who have unexpectedly or othorvviso-just received about one thousand (1,000) pictures and photo frames, which they have hung, at the expense of of much time and trouble, on the side walls and stairway of their business promises. Those now form a pleasing exhibition and were it not for the seemingly ridiculous prices at which they are marked for sale, one would conjecture the Royal Academy was running loose. 'Those pictures will be on view- to-day and all day Saturday, until 10 p.m.; an exhibition which will, no doubt, live in the public mind and make as lasting an impression as have the low prices at which all articles are being offered during Tun Ohkai' Hall for Cashel. J. Marsh and Co. Advt. 'I in; Tasmanian Fkveu Thick For wounds receive in his war, and for every, etc.. The natives of 'iii<-uiaiiia iiHdd Kucnlyptiu as a general remedy. A Marvellous Cure for- Influenza, Coughs, Colds, and all Chief and Lung Atlbo though she Extract of ICuculj'ptiiKClobuluo, roach)' from the leaves of the Tasmanian " Blue Gum," Rich in "Kucnlyptol,"aud of the highest medicinal value, doctors prescribe It for Diphtheria. Bronchitis, Asthma, etc., also for 'typhoid and other Kevern. It gives speedy relief In Diarrhoea or Colic, also In Kidney or Bladder Complaints. Sprayed or inhaled It cures Bore Throat, Nasal. Catarrh, lIoainoncHs, cranny Fovor. Tasmanian Eucalyptus Oil Company, Hobart and London, H. T. Could & Co.. epochal Hobart Agents. (61 