Ghost in Launceston -» ? Between 8 and 9 o'clock last Monday evening great commotion was caused in upper Charles-street, Launceston, by tbe appearance of a ghost at one of (he windows in an empty bouse opposite the General Hospital. Those who witnessed the vision were considerably alarmed for the peculiar pallor of the face of a woman who was passing to and fro behind the window pane gave accentu ation to the eerie feeling of those who watched. In most cases one look was sufficient to dispel all the courage they were possessed of, and without a second glance they shivered, turned, and fled. Timid ladies were not the only sufferers by the unearthly phantom seeking a rest for the disturbed spirit. Gallant and strong men turned pale at tbe sight, and with a quaking sensation at their hearts they, too, were only too glad to get away from such an uncanny habitation. At length some of those whose terrors lent wings to their footsteps hastened to the police with the awful tale. Sub Inspector Scott and Constable O'Brien entered the house whilst Detective Sergeant Brannan remained outside. The search at first was fruitless, there was nothing evidently in the house to cause any alarm. The windows were vacaut and so were the rooms. No one in flesh end blood, nor yet any unquiet spirit, patrolled th- stillness of the nnbroken solitude. At length diligence was rewarded, and an explanttion, com patible with ordinary intelligence and common sense, was found for the ghost like visitant. On the floor of one of the rooms Sub-Inspector Scott found a print of the Princess of Wales' head and bast, probably cut out of an illustrated journal many years ago and pasted oo cardboard, the exact size Ilia by 9in- An exami nation of the window followed, and it was ascertained that some children Lad apparently got into the house, and, having rigged np an apparatus on which to run the picture, they played the prank with the utmost simplicity. By having a faint light in the room, and keeping away from tho window, they drew the lady's representation to and fro before the pane ot glass. Tbe effect of the somewhat unique 6clieme was electrical, and what delight the youngsters must have had at the success of their plans may be left to conjecture. One man who saw the ghost positively declared that he had at last seen one, and no power on earth would make him pass that way on his homeward journey. The mystery having been satisfactorily solved, tbe house was securely locked up, and no more appari tions arc likely to occur. 