WtAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? A?as H. H. JENNIO(s lives at No. 211. Maain Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic statue. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes'gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by schat seemed liZkethe calling of msy name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a rail way disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision camse of my weak nerves, for I're never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Haut-, - to-o--a -toll?.--L-«-r" -ireadfully n-errous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning a little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the. stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but'liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. lyj mesowry completely failed. My head ached so dread fully I thought Ishould lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournenmouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given newvvigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. S\Vhatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. The twenty-first annual excursion of Welshmen and friends is advertised in our columns to take place as usual on St. David's day, Thursday, March 1st, in the form, of a trip down the bay to Sorreito. The magnificent excursion steamer Hygeia has been specially chartered for the day, and will leave Port Melbourneat 9.30 a.m. and Williamstown at 10 a.m. Returning at 5 p.m., the price of tickets isreduced to 3s 6d, children half price. An efficient band will be in attendance to play for the dancing on board and on shore. The proceeds are to be given to the Welsh charities. ..The Williamstown Racing Club hold a meeting -to-day. There are a number of events, and the weather promises to be all that is desired for the sport which will no doubt be Well patronised. The special services in the tent, corner of Pasco street and Melbourne road, are adver tised elsewhere. The Rev. W. Presley will conduct the service at the Wesleyan church to-morrow mnorning, and the Rev. A. P. Balden in the evenint. A meeting is advertised for Wednesday evening next, at the Steampacket hotel, of gentlemen favorable to recognising the heroic conduct of the late Mr. Isaac Crawcour. The steamer Amy leaves the Genm pier every Sunday afternoon at 3 p.m. for 2& hours' trip round the bay for one shilling. From P. Melbourne and St. Kilda sixpence. This is a most enjoyable trip at a low price. The new quarter of the Williamstown School of Arts commences next Thursday. During the past term there has been a large increase of pupils, who have shown great interest in their studies. 