j REItSONAXilTIES. — " — Queen Victoria beard Faust for the first time quite recently,, having not been to the opera since 1862, the year previous to the production of Faust in London. M Cassimir-Perier, the hew President of France, received from his father the snug legacy of 40,000,000 francs and has since: added largely to his fortune ; In her fifty -seventh year of power, Vic toria has seen every throne in the world va-: cated at least onco, and some of them several times. . Mme. Modjcska has been offered the di rection; of the National" Theatre of Poland and may accept that "poaitipn, whioh is one of great honor. .r; ! ; The lnfauta Euleiie ia.'residing in London, where living is more econoiiibai. 'Hci'- pen sion has been reduced and, she is attended only by a maid of. honor ; "Of Richard Henry Stoddlird it is said .that he has read every- important book printed in English for the past forty 'years, but he still prizes most highly the . works of Hawthorne. The daughter of ttie late King of Sweden, is the giantess among the royal personages of Europe. Her highness amounts to consider able over six feet. \- ( . ... . The famous singer, Albani, has a very 6ne collection of autographs, which she keeps in a beautiful book, bound fin.' pink" morocco, embossed witb gold. Thd first signature in the book is tbat, of Queen Victoria. Rubin stein and 'Verdi have contributed their auto graphs. i The world bas not yeE made up its mind about Napoleon III. ; but itis certain that, as a Pretender, he was. regarded as an imbecile, that the energy necessary to his grand ad venture was imparted by others ; that he waB a poor organiser (as witness the state of his army when the supreme hour came), and that the reflection of eighteen years did not enable him io do what he most desired to do, devise some immense, coup for the benefit of the masses of Franoe. Lord Roseberj; the. Premier ; of Great Britain, maintains two dairy, herds on his home farm at Mehtmore. One of the herds consists largely of Kerry cows, whose, milk iB reserved for home consumption. The other head, of half-breed shorthorn cows, is kept to supply milk to Lord Rosebery's depot in London. A constant supply of pure water from a well' 200 feet deep is kept flowing in the cow-sheds and the milk is dispatched in sealed cans to London, where it is delivered to customers twice a day. Sandro Botticello was unique in an age where distinction was hereditary and in tne blood. Idealism, was spread deep and wide over Tuscany, but Sandro, was the most dili gent idealist of them all: not content to dream, struggling also, in whatever company or set of notions he might be drifting, to clothe the fair things which all Florence in haled — to exhale them again crystalized in "shapely bodies. Greece -dead and buried, dug up and set to flitting like a ghost in the brisk Tusoan land— Greece was the essence of Tuscan dreams ; and for Sandro, until his light died down and grew grey with Savon arola, 'broken, hinted sights' of Greece sobered the Tuscan landscape, Venus lit to earth in a bay of the Mediterranean, and a staring, blue- eyed 'Judith (not Tuscan but Greek as he knew Greeks) sped over the hills of Fiesolo. 