ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUTTER FACTORY IN WAGGA. PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting wai held on Saturday afternoon last in the Town Hall to consider the desirability of establishing a butter factory in Wagga. His Worship the Mayor (Aid. J. J. M'Grath) presided, and there was a good attendance representing the farming and com mercial interests. Among those present were the following : — Messrs. James Gormly, M.L.A., Aliok Smith, R. Dunn, W. Shaw, S. ouiiitbu, .Ai* -u. vuuyuiu, i}, a, oenneu, Joseph Gormly, T. S. Gardiner, J. D. Norman, T. Milne, J. King, J. B. Edney, A. Cumming, A. Napthali, L. Meurant, R. Angel, E. Angel, John Jeremy, T. A. Thom son, J. Hanson, C. K. Horwood, W. Hardi man, P. W. Lorimer, A. L. Stinson, John Ferguson, W. F. Stone and others. The Mayor said it was not necessary for him to explain to them the purpose for which the meeting had been convened. It had been called by advertisement in the local press in in response to a requisition sent him for the purpose of discussing the advisability of Btarting a co-operative butter factory in Wagga. The matter had been mooted for some little time and had first taken definite form a few days before when a few of the yiuuiwtoio liic* lugefruer »u mane preliminary arrangements prior to calling a public meet ing. At that meeting there had been present the Mayor (in the chair), Messrs. Jeremy, Chapman, Horwood, Lorimer and Hardy and as a result of their deliberations a publio meeting had been called. He had been asked to say a few introductory words about the matter. It was a subject in which he took a very great interest, but one he must candidly admit be knew very little about. He had, how ever, done hiB best to make himself in touch with the matter as far as possible and had gathered together all the information on the subject which he could obtain. The in formation which he had succeeded in getting together would be submitted to them in the most condensed form. The members of tbe umall committee first formed hnri nil rinriA what they could in tha matter of gathering information concerning the dairying industry, the manner in which it had been carried on in other places and the measure of success which had attended the operations so that by considering carefully the details put before tliem they should have little difficulty in arriving at a deoision as to the prospects of a butter factory if established in Wagga. He had before him a letter from Taralga, which I as most of them were aware was a very small village near Goulburn. Tha people of Taralga had some time ago depended very largely on tbe production of potatoes for their sub sistence, but they had found this a very un satisfactory mode of making a livelihood. Potatoes were a drug in tbe market and in addition to this the expense of getting them to market was so great that this item alone nuuiu n»»c iciiucicu ib iwjjuBBiuie iu uispose 1 of the potatoes with any margin of profit to the producers. At any rate the people of Taralga got tired of growing potatoes and after looking louud for some other industry likely to pay them better they at length hit upon the idea of dairy ing and decided to see what could be done by establishing a butter factory. Up to the present the operations of the Taralga factory had turned out very well. It was started with a capital of £2000 in £1 shares, le Uini. nn«.kl. «« - i .... t ? ? O- f..J ? u' «rliii-.auuul UU. Ull allotment, and the remainder at not more than 2s. Cd. per month. He would read them a letter which he had received from a gentleman at Taralpa, te whom he bad written on the subject. It was as follows : — ' Stone Quarry, Taralga. 'Now re information. As the notice is so short I must give you the information as well as I can, but it is reliable, or nearly so. Taralga is a company with £2000 capital in 2000 shares of £1 each, payable Is. on applicaiion, 2s. Gd. on allotment, and tbe remainder in calls of 2s 6d per month. Some 1800 shares have been taken up. At Taralga the supply at the present time is over 2000 gallons daily, and will probably run to 3000 if the weather does not set in dry. As to average quantity of milk to lb. of butter, it varies according to time of year — say for October, November and December, when grass is green and cows giving a full flow of milk, it will take from 27 to 32 lbs. to make lib. of butter; for January, February, March and April, an average of about 231bs. ; for the remainder of the year, from 19 to 21 lbs. Briefly, the rule is this — as the supply decreases the yield of butter increases proportionately. As to prices. For October we pay 2}d. per Ration : for Sentember 31d. wai Daid : for August, July, June, 4d. ; for April and May, 3jd. ; for January, February, and March, from 2±d. to 2£d. per gallon ; and for No vember and December last year, about 2d. I think there are at present about 48 suppliers to Taralga Factory. The weekly expenses at present are — manager £3 10s., butter maker 30s., man or boy for minding milk £1. Those are the wages when the supply is over 1700 gallons ; when it is under two men do the work. Of course the ad ditional expenses of wood, oil, salt, etc., depend on the size of the factory. I may add that the conditions, climate, etc., in Wagga being mostly different from this you must make allowances. Another thing, unless vou 'nurnoae disnosintr of vour butter in your district you are foolish to start a factory unless you do as they are doing in Young — form a central factory in Wagga, and have creameries all round the district, get a proper cooling room, eto., then you may hope to succeid. If, however, you are not going into the thing extensively, a creamery is tbe thing. Separate tbe milk and send the cream to Sydney. I don't think the distance is too great, and it is the wrinkle at the present time beyond a doubt. Creamery butter, by reason of its greater uniformity in color, taste, etc., will bring jd more per lb. than the best factory butter, aud in the very near future cream eries will take the place of most of the factories, and will send to one central factory, where they will have proper cooling rooms, etc. Another thing you need to do is to get a proper testing machine (say the Babcock), and pay by result. We are starting to do it, find you will never have a success without it. As to the profits in the conoern, I cannot now go into that properly, but you know the condition of this district before that factory started, and at the present time almost all suppliers who have had a ghost of a show are in a good way of doing, and are bettering themselves yearly. I will send a resume of the past month's operations when I get it to you. At Taralga four separators are in use to do the work, but with the late invention in this line you can put through more milk with two. We have the ' De Lavill.' They will do about 100 gallons per hoar, but the ' Alpha,' a new separator, will put through 300 per hour each, so you see the great improvement made.' As things were in Wagga at present, hand made butter was scarcely worth producing, and he was informed by local storekeepers that they were often obliged to import butter from Goulborn' and other places to meet local requirements. There was no earthly reason why tbe butter-making industry should not do really well in Wagga. No district in the colony had better natunl grasses than they had in the Wagga district. The grass in and around Wagga was really something wonder ful, So much so that the great difficulty was to keep it from growing along the streets of the town. They had not the slightest trouble to make it grow, and if other places could make it pay under less favourable eonditions, surely they eught to do well with it. He had before him the balance-sheet of the Taralga Company for the year ending 80th November, 1893. Among the items of expenditure during the year wen the fol lowing Factory baildingB, £824 9s. 6d.; machinery and plant, £991 10s lOd ; stock in-trade, £124 19s lid ; purchase of milk, £8355 4s lOd ; salary and wages, £837 4s 5d; additions and improvements, £85 19s; cart age acoount, £375 12s 9d. With regard to the list item, it was worthy of note that the Taralga people had to cart the produoe a distance of 30 miles to the railway, whereas in Wagga they had the railway at their door. Tha butter export trade had now got beyond the experimental stage. At the present prloet it would pay the company well, and : the market was capable of veiy great enlarge ment. The following facts, which had been gathered from memoranda received from the larenee River and Rochester Co., would prove of interest The present wholesale price of butter in Wagga was from 2}d to 6d per lb. Factory butter was worth 8d to 9d per lb. in Sydney. A' the present time prime factory butter was selling in London at 100s per 1121b., this being a fraction over lOJd per lb. The freight from Wagga to Sydney, in not less than one-ton lots, was £2 2s 4d per ton, or less than one farthing per lb. ; tbe freight and other charges from Sydney to London amounted to about 2d ner lb., so that a pound of butter worth 10£d in London could be sent there from Wagga for 2Jd, which would give a net return to the factory of _a shade over 8d per lb. According to reliable returns 8d per lb. for butter is equivalent to 3Jd per gallon for the milk. As a proof that these figures are not chimeri cal, the Jindiana Dairy Company, which published its returns last week, showed that for th. past half year they obtained 8d per lb. for their butter, and had paid the producers an average of exactly 3£d per gallon for their milk, whilst 2^d is stated to be a payable price. The Railway Department will provide specially constructed louvred or ventilated trucks for consignments of not less than 3 tons, and there is little doubt that lreights uu.u iu Djaney anu Jjonuon will De consider ably reduced. The average quantity of milk required to make one pound of butter is from 22 to 25 lbB. when the separator is used, but when milk is allowed to stand for the cream to rise it takes considerably more. One hun dred acres of land, a portion being cultivated to supply silage in winter, will carry 25 cows all the year round. Fair ordinary cows will on the average yield 2 gallons of milk per day, and this quantity at 3d per gallon would bring in a return of £228. In the case of a butter factory worked on co-operative principles, each producer would havo the ? igui iu receive oacK a proportion ol skim milk for pigs, calves, fowls &c.;, at the price of 10 gallons for 3d, and the profits arising from this by- product have been proved by experience to be capable of being made equal to, if not greater than, the profits on the butter itself. If these resultB are compared with wheat growing at present prices, the comparison will be extremely favourable to the dairying. It is estimated that milk pro ducing (without the use of tbe separator) can bo profitably oarried on (provided the roads are good), as far from the faotory as 10 miles. At a greater distance than 10 miles it would be necessary to use hand separators. It has been suggested that a number of these hand separators might be bought by the company, eiiner lor casn or on tne time payment system, and leased to any producers at a distance, and some arrangement made for collecting the cream two or three times a week, either by the factory carts or by other arrangement with th. producers. It is thought that for some considerable timi the up country and local demand would absorb all the butter that the Wagga factory could produce, so that it would not be necessary to send it either to Sydney or to London. Several dairy experts strongly recommended checse making, and state that profits on cheese especially in the butter. The question of including this industry is well worthy of consideration. Later on it might be thought advisable io extend operations in the directions of pig feeding, bacon curing and other kindred industries. It is estimated that the cost of the requisite factory would be fiom £800 to £1000. Having placed these facts before them he would say no more, but would leave it to others who knew more about it, to speak on the subject. They could not start the factory without money. The suggestion was that someone should first move a resolution affirming the desirability of establishing a factory, and then it would be necessary to appoint a sub-committee to draw up n piUbpcUlUB, WlilUU WUUJU UHV6 tO UB OrOUgOt before % future public meeting for considera tion and approval. He would call upon Mr. J. D. Norman to move the first resolution. Mr. Norman eaid it was rather hard on him that he should be called on to propose the resolution at such short notice. He was hardly prepared to do justice to the subject, but he thought, however, that the interest he felt in the matter was sufficient justification for what he had to say. It was a matter which very materially concerned the farming community, and there were several reasons whv the farmers should take ud the ouestion with spirit and with enthusiasm. But the farmers were not tbe only ones whose inter ests were concerned in the matter. Every citizen who felt the slightest interest in the progress and prosperity of the district should take up the matter warmly and help as much as they could. Everyone who wanted to see the end of tbe depression should do what they could to aid in establishing an industry whioh would bring them prosperity. There was not the slightest doubt that a butter factory started on broad business lines would helD more than anything else to do awnv with the existing depression. It certainly merited their best efforts in helping it for ward. They all knew that at the present time the extremely low price of wheat made it necessary for them to look around for some other way to make money. He did not mean to say they should cease growing wheat, snd that they should go off at a tangent and pursue something else. They were in the face of the fact, however, that wheat was now at such a price that it was not likely to be remunerative. Their land would not stand constantly cropping with wheat year after year. This fact rendered the spelling of cropB necessary. He contended that they should not let the land lie idle while out of crop. By employing the land in maintaining cows for dairying and butter making they would be improving the land instead of im poverishing it. There seemed to be every reason why they as farmers should take the matter up and help it forward with all their heart. Looking at the matter from another aspect they knew veiy well that a great many farmers who had been growing wheat found that after a few years their land became unable to produce a good crop of wheat. They had in consequence been obliged to cut the'r crop for hay and as a result the Sydney market bad become glutted with hay of in ferior quality which had been sold at prices involving a direct loss on the producers. It that hay could be turned into excellent cow feed for milking cows the farmer would have a clear profit. At the present time they were sending it to Sydney and paying a heavy freight. They hardly had a chance to make it pay in that direction, but if they could turn it into milk and butter they would be amply remunerated. He would not detain them longer but would simply move the resolution ' (hat it is desirable that a butter factory b. started in Wagga.' Mr. Jeremy, who seconded the resolution, said he did not pretend to know anything ahoat dairy farming. Looking at it from a commercial point of view, and that was the one that concerned business men, it was cer tainly a project worthy of every support. People would not care about taking part in anything that was not likely to pay, and it was therefore necessary that all the facts as io tbe prospects of tbe proposed factory should be put clearly before them. The es tablishment of butter factories had been carried out in many districts of Victoria, and there was not a single district where they had been started and had not proved a decided success. Mr. Cumming and others who had personal experience in the matter would bear out what he said. The first question to be asked at a meeting like th&t; was ' Will it pay 7' The answer was 'Yes, most decidedly.' If the butter factory were started the farmers must get a handsome return, and it would pay well everyone con nected with it. They had al' heard the in formation supplied concerning the results attained by tbe Taralga Company, which was of very great importance to them. The people of Taralga were, they had been told, growing potatoes previous to 'toting the dairying industry, but did not find the potatoes pay. Ther had taken up butter making, and their wisdom in doing so naa been amply justified by results. His duty as a commercial man was to closely investigate the prospeots which were before the proposed company, and to satisfy himself that there was at least a prospect of suecesa. Having eirelally thought th* matter oat he came to the conclusion that if the project were properly carried oat success was fully assured. Those who took up shares would not be going in for a speculation; they would not be going in with a chinoe that it might pay, but with a certainty that it vould pay. It behoved them, therefore, io -go - in and help the town to pull through the time of depression. It gave him much pleasure to second the resolution and he sincerely trusted they would all take it op and work zealously to oarry it through successfully. It was a matter worthy of their beBt and most earnest attention. Mr. Aliok Smith said be had not come into town with any intention of speaking on that occasion. He intended to listen to those who knew more about the matter than himself. Hfl Wnillri lilrtfi in mnnm I- mnp. n.^i...l..l_ 1 \- ? ? -.-v ?- — — — uiuia |iM.ivuiaaj with regard to the prospects before such a company as was proposed in the matter of exporting to Lcndon. Thanks to the modern j improvements in the form of freezing works and the increased facilities of railway car riage, this part ot the world was almost in touch with London. -For very many years the greater portion of the London butter supply came from Holland. From the figures quoted by the chsdrmfsn it anmared that they | could deliver butter ..ore Vvagga in I,ondo;- 1 for 2£d per lb. Ii Ln as^nmod t'iat butter from Holla: - ,-.nld be taker to U ?„ jr for |d per lb. W , - ,d, r= .„o6t i;; tli«a- ! ^afl a low jciii, ; .-reat for, 'ion - of it being below -rei. t.', : tl.e mterioi was a vast expa:u ' inland t s knov n »«. the Zuyder Zee. .is ?ccni-i-- decided to attempt the recl- r .. . -,f 4r«)',000 acres c-f this inland sea, . p t.-iiijieicd that the I work would cosi --'??? n'jn, .ir ahont £55 1 per acre. Now--.- .ilvut lit] pet lb. difference i' ... of v.s.-iage fl0n- ! Holland and th if it v. i: ;y ! pa; tae people .- ? n!i.-ija?c inr... at £55 per acre ? . , - t»iiV hurc- -- would pay thee I..-.?, r near Wagga at . iiu ir, r . : .. for which they 1-. n ; deal of this was .li^.i ic't grazing cattle. iii.vu'.' !?. u „Cod deal with cattli . t ho hvi fW, . to t',. elusion that t- . ?; is. * m.v the poorer h - ? ? i.;.; about the t ? rl. ;,sl 60,000 sheep ?? i. f months for his ; ' ir.n,i was worth £(?-; ' . , ? , around Waggr. .. ? ? . ' , the river front: . ; .-i ? produce butter j 1 , i,; j... . ; . not simply for .Mv.. ^v.jl ijc. l i ' i-. They ought to take full advantage of the world's market. He knew very little about butter making, but he knew that about Wagga they got very little really good butter. In the summer months the local storekeepers had to send to Sydney and elsewhere for factory made butter. He would give his warmest support to the proposed factory. Mr. J. Gormly, M.L.A., spoke strongly in favour of establishing a butter factory, which he felt sure would be a certain success. He had recently visited several similar factories in Victoria. He went to one town where ? -i «... ? : ? _11 j - uiiiQieut laufcurjtui, ail uoing well, and more recently he had been to Colac. One farmer to whom he had been speaking told him that each cow brought in £1 per month. The result around Wagga might not be so good, because the Colac dis trict was one of the richest in Australia. In the Goulburn Valley district, however, the climate and forest lands of which were very similar to those of the Wagga district, a ereat auantitv of land hefnm n fnr tvVma + growing was now being utilised for dairying operations. The land around Wagga was as capable as any in the colony of producing butter, and the carrying on of the industry ought to materially increase the prosperity of the district. In tbe Mudgee district dairy ing operations were carried on with much success. He thought they should go in not only for butter making, but also bacon and cheese. He had recently visited Bega and Eden, where the farmers appeared to be very prosperous, because they were using their land for the nroduction of hntfar. p.Vippca anrl bacon, and the same satisfactory results would follow it the dairying industry in its various branches were carried out in Wagga. Although he would be sorry to see wheat growing neglected he was strongly impressed by what he had seen of the results attained by dairying, and he was convinced that it was the most profitable industry that could be carried on at the present time. He had been much amused recently by seeing in one of the comic papers an illustration of a farmer who had a lot of wheat on hand and was much perplexed as to how he could get it to market. The farmer suddenly struck on the idea of feeding his pigs on the corn and then driving them to market. As they all knew butter was at the present time a very valuable article. It was just now worth about 100s. per 1121bs. in tbe London market. This would prove far more profitable to the farmer than sending chaff to Sydney and selling it at a nominal price. Other places which were not nearly so well suited as Wagga were carrying on dairying with success. At Moss Vala thav had a vprv ri crnr in ? nlimnfa hut they were nevertheless able to carry on the dairying with great success. He thought the mover of the motion bad placed the matter before them in a very practical manner. He felt sure it would prove a suc cess, and would help it all he could. Mr. Maclntyre said as a Victorian he would like to support the resolution. He had visited several butter factories in Vic toria, including those referred to by Mr. Gormly. He thought they sh.uld certainly extend their operations to cheese making, and he was strongly in favour of exporting to the London market. The motion was then put, and carried unanimously. Mr. B. B. Bennett, who was called on to propose the second resolution, said he had not the slightest doubt about the advisability of starting the butter factory. He, in com -non with most of the other farmers around Wagga, had found it impossible to make things pay by producing wheat, wool or meat, a,nd it became necessary to take up some new industry which was likely to prove more remunerative. He knew a gentleman who came up from Victoria to the Wagga district some two or three years ago. After working hard, both himself and all his family, for some months he was unable to make things pay, and went back to Victoria. He took up 300 acres, and kept 20 cows (14 milking cowb and 6 heifers) for dairying purposes, nnd had done really well with them. Another gentleman from Victoria to whom he bad been speaking expressed the opinion that it was simply scandalous that such land as there was about Waggn should be simply going to waste. As a land owner he would be quite willing to give what assistance he could in starting the factory. He moved that a committee, consisting of Messrs. Gormly, Jeremy, Smith, M'Grath, Shaw, Cowled, Cumming, Dunn, Gardiner, J. Angel, Norman, Hanson, Henwood, and the mover, be ap pointed to draw up a prospectus to be presented to a future meeting. Mr. Cumming seconded the resolution. He certainly thought they were taking a step in the right direction. The price of wheat was now so low that they must look to something else which would prove remunera tive. The successful carrying on of the dairying industry waB an accomplished fact in Victoria. At one time he had visited on business many of tha butter factoriea of Victoria, and he did not go there with bis eyes shut. He had observed as closely as he could the various methods adopted, thinking that the knowledge thus acquired might very likely come in handy some day. In the Euroa district it paid farmers hand somely to rear cattle for dairying purposes. There was no doubt that the Wagga district, was one in which they could make it a certain 'success. The motion was carried. Mr. Shaw proposed that Messrs. Horwood and Lorimer be appointed joint secretaries and Mr. Chapman treasurer. In $c', nc so 'ie wished to add a few words to wht-. » .m said concerning the prospects ?' * irvo£!;y in Wagga. He couU: 'aa. iudejiei d ent of the shipments 1 . .be London m&r; -.et there would be a larg' etnanil ;»r butter in the Wagga district ivv:'-' H« kno v , a storekeeper, that doting the three r.-Htst monthsof the yelar his .firm paid something like £800tarjbuttta whichliad to be obtained from outside sonrces. This laot alone sb'onld be an incentive to the farmers to go in for dairy ing fend to support the company. Mr, Bennett seconded the motion whioh was carried. The Chairman said it was hardly necessary to .xplain that it was intended to form a company on co-operative lines. The idea was to jiave 1000 shares, which would repre sent 1000 gallons of milk. A ' bonus of ^d per gallon would be paid to shareholders who sent milk to the faotory np to the number of shares held by him. One shareholder who had 10 shares would be allowed the £d bonus on the qiilk he sent up to 10 gallons, but a man who had only 5 shares and sent in 50 gallons rould only receive the bonus on 5 gallons or one gallon for each share. The desire was to encourage those who kept dairy cattle to take op shares. Mr. Gormly said he was very pleased to hear that the company was to be canied out on co-operative lines. He had recently been asked to visit the Mosb Vale Co-operative Company's factory which was one of the most complete of the kind around Svdnev and bad been a great sncoess. Norman proposed Ibat a hesriy of !':? ; kii bs accorded to the promoter* u! the ni'.veuietjt, mentioning the ol Mee&rs.; CJupr.un, Jeremy, Horwood nnd Lorimer, efforts were deeetT..)g uf the henrtiest iijrorcci&iion.; Mr. Stone seconded the motion vhicb was carried unanimously. Mr. Jeremy moved a vote of Omnk:; be Major fer pretiding. He cr.id although .Si. Viae Dot a jmuj to put bfwsalf i forv&rd; he hud bean one ot the prime hiio.-cT* ! -p. tl'.p ixijUtcr. ? 'PJioj? Mr iil'lirr.ib i \f- ochriy (hank* for il.c trcu: U *?- ; iKeh help fo:v-T.rH. the pruieci. ! ? nioi..-n was oa-ri- ^ V-y ruulstuaiicn, i ?''ii.. '--hirh the Tiu;etinr b-x'-:? uy, | 