AMONGST THE o MEDIUMS. NO. IL By Rita. " Now this ,is the ^gistof what the mediums give *ius in paraphrase. One aft» another says to onp member of the circle alter another, " I'm well .and happy in spint' land, and I hope you will ' not mourn j me—I am always thinking of you -.^or Tom or Harry, according to the family-' ties of the spirit) give my , best love to them all. I have not visited you before, because yon did not sit with the right medium (here the medium can do a little business for herself) ; now you may expect many visitd from me through Mrs Blank (more business). Well, I must be going now. Good-bye." And' then the medium seeks her chair, exhausted, rests, aud after a hyma has been sung, comes forward knd repeats the same thing in much the same language, with the variation of such details as the questions of the sitter—eay last night—suggest it would be satisfactory to introduce to-night. Anything else she picks up from the conversations before and after the circle sits. Lob g confabulations take place between regular sitters and the medium, but with all newcomers it is very brief, and on the safe side; but all beain and end more or less after the style of the precis given above. Indeed,it was the " I'm-well-and-happy-no- more-at-prêtant " style, that reminded me of the immigrants, and gave the cine to an analysis of tbe medinm's speeches. The former will always dictate just about the Bams, because they hare few ideas and not many words with which to express them; for the same reason the mediums know not infinite variety. r l hey all conduct their seances in rooms lit by a small lamp, whioh is turned low, and " blocked," as one lady expressed it—that is, books are placed in front of it till the room is almost in darkness, save for a flicaer in a distant corner. They all sing hymns while the medium is going off, a process involving sundry dramatic shivers. They all have one or two friends in the circle who seem to mind " the front of the house, 1 ' as theatrical people Bay. These friends collect the money, talk amiably to everyone, and ask questions in a gnilebss, careless way ; the information so gleaned may or may not be told to the medium, but I have heard quite enough told to the friend of the medium in five minutes for the medium to tell the inquirer something plausible next night. These friends of the medium all pretend to be more or less clairvoyant, and to be dominatsd by this or that spirit. They sit passing their hands over their foreheads explaining it is to prevent Bome Bpirrt from having " control" or to dismiss one that is bothering, and so on. This game goes on so persistently it must have some raison d'etre and I should not be surprised to hear that the bush telegraph is clumsy compared to it as a means of signalling "'lander," "'caution," "go on ahead," etc., to the medium. One marked instance confirmed this < suspicion. The medinm's friends sat in circle between me and another stranger, both ot us being well watched and questioned. The medium was one of the foremost here—a well-spoken woman, who scorned to ask questions herself. She moved cautiously, feeling her way. Addressing me, she said, "There is an old lady looking at you; she loves you." Immediately her friend in the circle * aid to me with intense feeling, "There! Can it be your mother, dear ? Is she dead?" Against my wish—for it hidsous to even appear to permit these people to talk with one's dead—I was obliged to say yes, as she waited my answer. She passed her hands over her face, and the medium aunohed forth thus in a delighted sort of way : " Such a dear old lady, with grey hair and she says she wants to speak to yon." Now, I paid my shilling to see what went on and most carefully refrained from asking for anyone's spirit, so felt quite justified in saving coldly, " Thank you, I don't wish to speak. It ia not my mother. 3he died befere she was old and while her hair was black. You have made a great mistake." The re was just the least sensation when I said this but the woman took it coolly and said, "Yea, dear, I did make a mistake ; the guide says he said it was your grandmother. I didn't understand him at first." She went on to the jthers, and the matter dropped. This reminds me to mention two things. Every spirit is supposed to be led by a guide who answers questions, and announces often that the spirit sought cannot speak to-night, but will next night. This after you have been invited to ask questions of the guide or spirit, and eo give a fair amount of assistance to the medium. Then to others who have evidently been through this, the spirit is allowed to speak a little, but directly questions become troublesome the guide announces to the medium he mnst tafce the spirit back, and the no-more-at-present business ig repeated. The other thing is this, that no matter what occurs the mediums have a patter or an answer to meet it ; they are like eels the way they wriggle and hoist out of an awkward situation. Some people think a well framed question or two would nonplus them. Such ones should take their little questions along and try. It is not my experience. It is their gam e, and has to be played their way, and if you won't play their way, why, yon are not in the game, as school children have it. The way to play the game is this : go and ask to see your sainted great-great-grandmother ; the spirit guide will bring her - then he or the medium will announce she cannot speak to-night. After oircle tell the medium or her friend what you think would be a fair thing to expect a sainted great-great-grandmother tosay, and she will say it sand wiched between the precis of the medium^ formula I gave above ; then you must say spiritualism is a fine, satisfying, elevating game for a great mind, and the medium is a marvel, and come every week and bring a friend and pay. Presently, as they get to know your history, they will tell you they have a private message to give yon, and inveigle you into a private sitting, fee ôs for the first, 2s 6d for all others (some others charge .5s every time) aud the spirit tells vou to come every week—good business again. So muoh for generalities applying to every mwIiTim X have seen. Next, a few brief particulars, and they must be much condensed, for mediums are nothing if not prolix. Yet often one would have as little sense of humor as Mrs Triplet not to be amused. I was told the medium most esteemed by the spiritualists would sit in eircle at 7:30 that night, and resolved to be punctual to see the seance commence. Arriving at 7.30 I found by messages to her sitters ehe had pat it off till 8 o'clock to suit some of them so sat reading and waiting. In the room was a woman suffering from an internal complaint, over which the medium, and an old woman called " Granny," positively gloated. Ail seemed to cherisk the belief that when the right medium should be found her touch would «tire it, and the medium recommended another, to whom I will refer lower down as "a beautiful healer," and said her magnetism might suit .the sufferers better than the peaker's. " Granny" said she had ne% er found a medium with magnetism strong enough for her, and ehe had been spiritualist for years. She certainly looked tough. Then tiwre was » Sich a gettin' up stairs," aud an old gentleman hailed by the trio in chorus as " Daddy," came in. He pulled a small brandy flask out of his pocset, and gave it to the medium, saying, «• This is a remedy for toothache." She took it and thanked him. Then "Daddy" and " Granny " had one of those chuckling flirtations that it takes old hands tolSrotiate successfully. Meantime the medinmhadput her " toothache mixtureaway, and put on a white clinging drees, rather effective when the limp waa turned down, giving her a ghost-like 100k. By quarter past eight there were fourteen present, superior spiritualists for the most part. The woman with the internal disease had as much said about it as any deoent spirit could be expected to say, even a spirit that spoke with lofty scornfor the nguallj accepted cause of and cure for the disease. Then Bomo one Baid "Granny's off." I had noticed the old woman falling, aaleep, as I thought, and wondered why die was not in bed. However, ehe was working up a tzanoe. "Go to her; she's got something she wants to aay," èaid one. Ttie medium'afriend went and knelt in front of her, and she sighed and alobberad over her for ten minâtes, then said " God blass you,' and woke. From remarks made it seemed that " Granny's*.performance that night waa not up to the mark. It waa a «nffinîantly sickening sight. Later on •• Daddy " favored the company by " going off. 41 Now, his performance, I have no hesitation in 'pronouncing disputing In fact, I have na^eraeen such a Bight any-, where. Hia attitude, Mhesask in his chair ith bis head fallen limp, his chin on his breast, dribbling, hia hands £mp on eaoh i ^aadbreathàghard, too maak or the mediums friend, ana aaottuc, who K way that said, " do not be idiotic ; you are overdoing it." They got him into a better position, anj the medium placed her hands on his head «nd '^aid, " Poor Daddy, the magnetism to-night Is tO&«trong far him." À£a$erior man appealed to me to know if I co<rfl!L»ëe the spirit of his daughter sitting on tiiâ-'jhédium's knees. I said " Ko," ana 'he itemed disappointed. A woman -a sort of Dot I&e;*ybingle—informed me she thought it jçrewTjionsenBe. She had just put baby to slipped in to Bee it ont of curiosity, because her sister wag in a developing clam and she believed it would send her mad. Now, a developing class is where"Becsitivâ young spirits," to quote their teacher, are brought on," and become mediums. Heza more clumsy tricks than those that wrought the ruin ot Herr Paulas are taught young girls from one guinea upwards I The medium who heldthe above seance aad class was referred to as a marvellous inspira* tional speaker. She spoke fluently and correctly, but with great paucity of ideas l vocabulary and style. "Jerusalem,'' " Golden City," and "Christmas Lilies'* constituted the poetic flights—they are often used for that purpose by speakers of a certain taste. Not a single -bright idea, beautiful mataphor nor finely-tarnad sentence escaped her. Yet peofb, spirifcuriista, say she is very fine ; it was milk and water, and skyblue at that. Space precludes even a glimpse at other circles,but the "beautiful healer" must not be forgotten. The beautiful," it must be understood, applies to her alleged gift o£ healing, not to heir face, whioh is not only plain but evil-looking. I heard aI her for the first time at the circle, and all the spiritualists said she wps clever, andahonld be seen; her speciality is haaiing and private sittings at 5s. She Las a oircle, but only stands and addresses people an 9 mixture of several religions, Eastern and Wifttfcecn. She is on the highest plane of spiritualism, she says, and oould not sit in the roatàwith any one who likes a table turned :<rrer orto hear a spirit rap. They are vulgarmanifestations for the vulgar of a beautiful religion, of which she and one or two elect bold the key. She has been , in the Holy ofiHciiea, and jumping tables willnever satisfy her as they once did. Everyone seemed to say a sitting with her would lift one into another atmovphere, aad was the sort of thing an inquirer ought to seek. [I have since learned what I did not know, tnat these mediums not only recommend people from medium to medium here, but to mediums in other colonies, and send all particulars to the medium, who thin gets a great reputation amongst travellers, who mention their experiences on a voyage.] It had also been forced upon me that it was only half playing the game not to ask for a spirit. When I asked the "beautiful healer" if she thought she could bring my sister's spirit for a conversation she said, " 1 always sue» ceed, no matter who fails. Sit yon here. I may take some time going off, but when I do, just talk as if your sister were here." Sitting examining ber bo It les of oil used for rubbing those she heals and some other articles-of her "stock-in-trade cm the tabl» near, she took me unawares when she dabbed uut her hand and gasped in a whirlwind of delight, " Sister ! here I am at last. How I've longed for this. It was your sjirit-gnide brought you to Mrs Blank. Then, in verbose style, was given the stock patter givut in precis above, and more in the same style. Then, grasping my hand very tightly, she said. " What friends we would have beenif I had lived, but it was not to be, you Bee. It is all for the best, You can't sea it. You are blinded with grief, but I can see it" Then—and, gentlemen, it is recorded with the same sorrow with which it was heard—she said men are bad ! Oh, so very, very bad, deceivers, and many other names too numerous and impolite to mention were said to describe your characteristics to a nicety. Then she said, " Why don't you speak to me 1 Let me hear your voice again. " Now» really, I had thought so little of the matter I had not framed a question, and staggered by tie request, had not a thing to say. After a pause this came, but it sounded hollow, and did not please me. "Of course, I'm very glad to see you." The spirit reciprocated the feeling. Then, unable to think of anything more intellectual, I said, " Describe your present home and life," and in two brief minutes repented this idiocy, for the medium was off like a rocket, and took about fifteen minutes to say over and over again that it was a beautiful and happy home, inhabited by beantifulspirits who took a keen interest in the dwellers on earth, and who were alway® ready to yam when wanted. Further questions were invited, but not put, so tha medium shivered, awoke, took her fee, and said any time I ever wanted to speak to my sister again she would make an exception, and only charge 2s 6d, for the girl was & beautiful spirit and far advanced in spirit land, and she expected as she got in touch with us, would have something to Bay that we should hear. It is necessary to state here that I never had a sister, though simple cowardice prevented the fact being stated to the rredinrc. I said to an ex- spiritualist, " Surely there is something more than these silly gimea and this silly patter to be found ?" He said not in those circles where you pay your «hilling for your chair and that are open to everyone. That's a fair sample. There are more refined private circles, but only believers or those vouched for by friends as earnest inquirers can go. (It should have been mentioned above that the mediums announce at the public oircle that they will " sit " with a few friends in private on such a night and ask friends to pass round the in timation, cm- medium remarking that he had forbidden so and So to come to the public seance, where hard spirits sometimes came as she was sensitive» and had to be kept from all sceptical influence till stronger. Tben in these private circles you find much the same thing as elsewhere. They know each .other and the history of anyone they bring or Bet a confederate to find out for social intercourse is part of the game, these lower class mediums just parody what their betters do. Then spiritualism is not the same to-day as it was in my young days : then, it attracted a different class, now it is played out comparatively. A great many former spiritualists have, like myself, embraced theoaophy. Oh, yes, circles investigate here and there, but the palmy days of spiritualism, are over. Yes, the exposures had Fomething to do with it. Do the circles pay?—Well, formerly, yes. Nobody grudged a shilling and 20 or 30 would drop in twice a week for the fun of the thing. But not now. You see the size of the circles. Bad times have affected it like everything else. How very mundane of spiritualists to allow bad times" and a consideration for paltry shillings to affect ihem. One would think that the intellects that seek and require the mental pap dished up for them would rise superior to " shillings " and " times." But they do not, it seems. Even beings "all inl " like the mediums have a regard for the shillings." Jnat another instance of tha weak little traits and foibles sometimes fanai in truly gxeat people. Even a medium cannot be great all round at "price one ahilling." 