I NEWS OF THE WORLD. [ New potatoes are for sale at Orafton for 3s per owt. Mr. John Byrnes, an old and highly re apeoted resident of the Tenterfleld diatriot, died last week at the age of 60. Mr. R. L. Nash, writing to the London J.lMB8, 8uggest8 that depositors in Aus tralian reconstructed banks should have the option of placing their deposits in trust, receiving mortgage and inscribed stock. ' Some boys lighted oigarettes and handed them to the monkeys in the Paris Zoo. The animals puffed away with evident enjoy ment. Toung bride (pouting) : 'Here we have only been married two days, Clarence, and you're scolding me already !' Husband : ' I know, my dear; but just think how long I have been waiting for the ohance !' A post-mortem examination of the body . of the late Czar has been made. The cause of death waB found to have been paralysis of the heart, the effect of the disease of the kidneys, and inflammation of the left lung. Father Kearney died at Tamworth last week. He was a great favorite in the dis trict. The Attorney-General has deolined to prosecute in the case of O. O. Danger. He — What did you marry me for ? She — Mamma calculated that it was for about a million and a-half. A man named William Atkinson, em ployed at Yulgilbar, fell from a loaded dray near Deep Gully, while going out of Grafton laBt Tuesday, and the wheel went over his body, killing him instantly. A man named Richard Martin Kerr met with a horrible death in Sydney. He had been missing for a couple of days, and the police having dragged the shore near the abottoirs where he had been working, turn ed their attention to the punt into which tbe offal and blood from the establishment drained, aud there they found his body. It was evident that he had slipped into the repulsive mass and was instantly suffo cated. A chinaman is speaking to himself as he irons a shirt. Picks up shirt showing evi dence of being well cared for, and says— ' Bachelor. Him landlady fix him.' Picks up another, buttonless and all frayed at the neck and wrists, and says — ' Mallied man.' Every animal kept by man, excepting the cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there is actually a proposal to tax cats. John Willard, member for the The Tweed, appeared at the police court at Brisbane last week, the oharge having been altered to stealing four receipts for regis tered letters and a book for the receipt of registered letters. Willard reserved his de fence, and was committod for trial, bail being allowed, self in £100 and two sure ties for £50. About 400 people travelled by excursion train from Lismore to Byron Bay on the 9th November, all available*carriages being in requisition. Mrs. William Secomb, wife of a settler at Hiokey's Creek,- Macleay River, died from blood poisoning, supposed to be the result of a bite from a fly. Canon Vance has been elected Dean of Melbourne in succession to Dean Macart ney. Mr. John See, M.P., has donated £5 5s to the Clarence River Highland Gathering sports fund. Five more bodies from the wreck of the Wairarapa have been found on the island, 15 miles from the wreck. There is a great stenoh in the vicinity of the wreck, and it is evident many bodies are confined in the cabin. The official inquiry is expected to last another fortnight. A ' ghost,' which was to be seen waltz ing nightly near Dorchester, was captured by a party of men and women armed with sticks, and turned out to be a laborer draped in white. The man's wife was ac tually one of the attacking party, and the ghost was so bruised with the sticks that he had to be taken to the hospital. Widows seldom marry again in China, and widowhood is esteemed as a condition of the highest respectability. When a widow attains her fiftieth year the Govern ment supplies her with a tablet on which her virtues are emblazoned. This is dis played over the door of her house. Dr. Kennion says that Church disestab lishment in Australia has intensified Church jealousy and rivalry, and lessened the possibility of future union. Mr. Perry says The Minister for Lands (Mr. Carruthers) is like a woman with her first baby. It might be bandy legged and have other defects, but she would allow no interference with it, even to improve it. The Police Magistrate deoided at Graf ton that agents cannot be allowed to ap pear in small debts cases. There is joy amongst the legal fraternity. A monster team of bullocks was seen in Nowra a few days ago. There were 16 animals yoked, some of which go over 13001b, whilst the average is over 10001b. The waggon has a carrying capaoity of 12 tons. Tho death is announced of Mr. John Schumacher, of Ramornie, Clarence River, at the age of 68 years. Tho Pope has excommunicated Mme. Marcbat and her followers at Loigny. She pretended to have visions, and to be the agent of Heaven to restore a King to France aud the temporal power to the Pope. A unionist out West was offered 10s a week and bis keep by a benevolent squatter. The man, in a quiet voice, said, 'Is that all I am worth?' 'Yes,' -said the squatter. With a gasping cry, the unfor tunate working-man fell at the squatter's feet a dead man. The inqueBt disolosed that he suffered from heart disease, and the shock at hearing his market value was too muoh for him. Mr. Reid said the last Civil Servioe in quiry extondod from Deoombor 16, 1885, to Decombor 16, 1888, and from July 18,' 1889, to July 12, 1892. The total cost of the commission was £7989. Mr. M'Millan proposes that a meeting of members of Parliament Bhould be held at once to bring about Federation. He has no faith in a meeting of Premiers in regard to Fodoration. . 