\- ClIAPTEU XVII. For three weeks the Loudon hoardings flamed with huge posters announcing the approaching production of "The Little Widow." Kows of Bandwiebmen perambu lated the .streets bearing portraits of that enticing little person in chromo lithograph. Mark was back in Birmingham engaged in his customary avocations; working---very heart lessly, ' but producing his daily tally _ of journalistic bricks with the mechanical facility born of long custom. News reached him from time to. time of the progress of- the piece,. but he took little in terest in its fortunes, and but for Jing's earnest solicitation would not have been present on the first night of its production. Jing was mortal und a woman and therefore felt a touch of jealousy, and oven foramoment of anger at the news that a :mere tyro like Esther should have found so magnificent , a chance in London; whilst she, who had taught the girl all she knew and felt oonscious of her own qualities, should "a tilt linger in the cold shade of the provinces. How such an extra ordinary condition of things should have come about passed her powers of divination. The provincial actress looks to London as the pious Mohammedan looks to Meoca, or beyond Mecca into Paradise; and Jing had fairly palpitated many a time in dreams of success or premonitiousof failure in that exalted region. She even cried a little in the solitude of her own room to think of the injustice of fate, but she fought herself resolutely out of this envious | and despondent mood and did her bead to hope chat Esther would edcue triumphantly through the ordeal which awaited her. This hope at its best was faint and halting, for Jing was not only an artist by instinct, but had been born in her business and had been familiar with the foot-lights as loiig as she could remember, so that she knew the-countless difficulties which beset inexperience and make genius without instruction ineffective. It goes without saying that 'Mark had care fully disguised from his old friends the reason for Esther's unlooked-for promotion. That was to his way of thinking altogether too \- dreadful, toc'be named, and he buried it in hie own boEOii},where it made wild work enough. . The night'pame at last arid Mark wandered 'aimlessly' about the frdnt of the house barely recognised? by anybody. Glynne played the leading part and Francis was buBy behind the curtain. The man in front of the house knew Mark by sight and conducted him to a box reserved for Mm. The. young author was ab surdly early, and as he sat in a dark corner of his box staring at the green baize which con cealed theV brand new act drop he could hear the muffled thunders of the feet that stormed the gallery and the scarcely more subdued clamor of the pit. ! The stalls filled slowly, and peeping out now and again he began to fear that the house would be a poor one. Time went on, however, and the stream flowed in gently and continuously until every seat was occupied. The footlights flared up suddenly, the greem/baize curtain rose,, and a round of applause shook the air as the new aot-drop was revealed. The money of his Grace of Belisle had been expended with oub stint, and the re-decorated Sheridan Theatre was a model of taste and comfort. The approaches to the better part of the house, what with flowers and greenery, rich, and sombre coloring, and with contrasted glitter of mirrors and gilding, looked like the entrance to a fairy palace. The crowded house seemed in excellent temper. Every circumstance but one augured well, and Mark knew already from the provincial, acceptance of his piece thab it was at least safe from the storm of opprobrium with, which a new production in London is so often received. In spite of all this and in spite of the stormy indifference into whioh he had fallen a sudden riot of anxiety was afoot in his mind; and before the members of the orchestra had finished tuning their instruments he found himself in the corridor, marching up and down in solitude, torn by anxiety. Failure hung above him, huge and imminent, and the noise3 ot a world's derision were already in his ears. Nobody came near him, for every seat in the house was already taken, and lie walked up and down, squeezing the perspiration from the palms of his hands until the laBt chord of the overture sounded with a crash. The scattered applause which followed died away aud he heard the rattle of the rising curtain. Then something dragged him to his seat again and he was back in time to hear the first line spoken. He knew his own play by rote and could have re cited it easily from start to finish, bub he was in such a whirl of emotion that it carried no meaning to his mind. A delighted roar greeted the entrance of an old favorite of the town and olap on clap of genial thunder filled the house as he spoke his lines. A rap sounded at the box door and Max rising mechanically to answer it confronted Francis, who came in cool as a cucumber, with a huge Paris brilliant shining in a great white field of shirt front. "Nervous, dear boy?" he whispered as he closed the door behind him. " No need for that. The piece is all right. What I'm afraid of is-that little baggage of a Delacour. I've come here oub of her wa.y. I believe that the very sight of me to-night would strike her dumb for a fortnight." Now Glynne was on and there was a louder roar than ever. Mark's, heart began to beat thickly and seemed -to, threaten bo cease to beat at all, for in a minute or two Esther was due upon the "There's old Belisle just in," whispered Franbis,'laying a hand on Mark's. "In the bpx;opposite. Thab cub of a son of his, Lord Limesbbrbugh, iB with him. That's a pair that don'b of ten run coupled, Tbey hate each other like blazes." /'Mark looked straight before him and saw nothing, but in a while he heard Esther's voice, sounding, as he thought, curiously thin and artificial. She was unknown and came on amid the silence of the houee. Mark's nerve came back to him and he fixed his attention on the stage. Esther bad never looked to greater advantage than she did to-night, though there was something of a strained and frightoned look in her face. She was evidently palpitat ing with nervousness and before Bhe had been upon .the stage for two minutes there was' a ghastly pause, in the midst of which the prompter's voice was heard, distinctly sibillant. "I thought so," said Francis coolly. " She's going to crack up and send the whole thing to kingdom come." Glynne, with the perfect self-possession of an old stager, spoke her speech for her, with an impromptu variation of his own and carried her over the crisis. There was a great laugh at the conclusion of the speech and the debutante was saved for the moment. She felt it and recovered at least a partial self juustsessiun, out in every lllijj auu xuove jhentsuowas marked " amateur " from head] to heel. "Take it easy, dear boy," Francis whispered in utter ignorance of the ground of Mark's too-evidenb emobion. The play has goo 'em by the wool already and Miss; Delacour will bo oub of the oasb on Monday, Old Glynne will get a rare rigging from the press for having trusted her with the part at all, bub that's all thab will happen." The scene, which in Jing'a hands had run along in alternate mirth and tenderness, hold ing the house between tears and laughter-, went for little or nothing here. Glynne playedwifch .the adroiceai fflnflase, bub he was powerless to lift Esther's spirit and it was the woman and not the man who should have held the stage. "That ought to have gone with a roar," Erancis whispered, "and now it's as flat as stale soda water." Esther left the stage in dead silence, save for a faint and half-hearted clapping of hands from the box in which the Duke of Eelisle and Lord Limesborough sab together* When the curtain fell there were sounds of disapproba tion, mingled with the general applause, but the performers were called one by one and all the old favorites were warmly greeted. Esther's entry with Glynne was the signal for a mingled tumult. ~ ■ "I thought she'd catch it," said Erancis. " I can understand it being nervous work for you, old man, but you've no cause to be afraid. Did you sea that beasO Mayhill at his old tricks? Glynne told me about the row you had with him. He's trying to lead the house against you, but the piece is too strong for him. - Mr. Walker Mayhill, indeed, sat in the middle of the third row from the orchestra and had been conspicuous from the first. Mr. Bennington Wilstrop sat at his right hand, and at any stroke'of humor which Bet the house laughing they looked at each other with raised eyebrows of commiseration andshrugged their shoulders as who should say, "How piteously aged is this joke. How intolerably and sorrowfully stale." Then, when the house was hushed by a touch of deeper feeling, Mr. Mayhill would utter faint moans of pity, audible for a few feet above him, and Mr. Wilstrop would wave his hands abroad in answer, with a gesture expressive of resigned contempt and enforced endurance. There is always present on a first night in London,a contingent known to the members of the "theatrical profession as "The. Wreckers." These gentlemen make it their business to look out for any harmless chance phrase to which it is possible for an active but bestialised iin imagination to attach a vile signification. They make it their business to emphasise any acci dent which may, "however slightly, imperil the smooth rendering of the play. They howl at everv odd bib of unfamiliar costume. They are of the kidney who cry " Bogey I" and pretend hysterics ab the entrance of the ghost in "Hamlet.", They are, of course, for the most parb an entirely brainless crew, but they, have it in their power to good deal of mischief, and there is hardly a London manager in whose breasts they have not ab one time or another inspired a genuine terror! They are sometimes, but not often, paid by spiteful people, but as a rule they do their clumsy spiriting impromptu and for the mere pleasure of inflicting pain. Now Mi1. Walker Mavhill's person and identity were known to every member of this band of dunder heads in Loudon. Mr. Bonnington Wilstrop, though leas familiar, was certain to be recog nised by many, -and the two in their own fashion were playing to the gallery. "Come with me," said Erancis. "You needn't Bay a word, but you'll see me put an end to this." He took up from a chair a light overcoat which lip had laid aside on entering the box and fumbling in the side pockets brought out a double handful of square envelopes. He showed them to Mark, who saw that they were, addressed to the editors of various journals in London. Erancis gave him no idea of their contents, but briskly led the way into the corridor, which was now crowded ; with listeners and humming with conversa tion. Mark overheard a dozen scraps of talk as .he hurried along at Francis's heels— "Pretty? . Yes, pretty as paint,-but stupid as a stiok." '"Deuced, clever first act, I oall it." " Glynne ought to know his, way about better. Where the dickens did he pick her up?" " Actress! She'll never maim an actress if she lives to be a thousand." "Jolly nice little piece, though, so far." "if the Little Widow doesn't kill it." In the foyer the Bame verdict was audible everywhere. " There's my man," said Eranois. " You're | out of this, dear boy, but you're webome to do the looking on." j : With this he shouldered his way through the! throng to where Mr. Mayhill stood with his customary little ring of toadies round him, a glass of whisky and seltzer in one hand and a lighted cigarette in the other. " Mayhill," said Eranois, "just a minute, if you please. I've something here that will be interesting to you. You see these. He shuffled the envelopes slowly under Mr. May hill's nose. The eminent critic nodded and smiled. . - "Yes, darling boy. I see them. What about'em ?" "Well, I'm not quite certain," the other answered, " that I Bhall send 'em, and I want your advice about it. " Here's one addressed to your own editor. They're all alike. : Just cast, your eye over that and give me your opinion." Mr. Mayhill having disembarrassed himself of his glass adjusted his pince-nez and read the. letter. . He had not gone far when his counte nance changed, but he-read it through to the end and then looked up. with half-closed veno mous eyes. "Do you think I shall have to send it, dear boy 1" "No," said Mr. Mayhill with.a little drawl. " I really don't see. why you should." "Well," returned Eranois, with equal de liberation, "I think it very likely I shall take your tip, but I shall know all about it in an nour or two. Yon wouldn't advise me to burn'em till the show's over, would you 5" ; . "No," said Mr. Mayhill, pulling at his cigarette. "As yon like, but I don't think you'll have any need to send 'em." "Give WilBtrop the tip, will you, there's a good fellow. I must get away behind. That snake's scotched," he said quietly, as he re joined Mark. He thrust one of the envelopes into his had. . "Head that when you back to the box." Mark went baok at once and opened the envelope with some curiosity. It was ad dressed "To the Editor of the Times" and bore that evening's date from the Sheridan Theatre. It ran thus:— " Sir—This letter is written in anticipation of the events of the evening. It is addressed not only to you but to the editor ot every daily journal in London, to the whole theatrical and sporting Press, and to many ofjthe leading pro vincial dailies. Should our anticipations be unrealised the letter, of course, will not he for warded. Wo expect to be forced to complain of the conduct of an eminent and widely-known dramatio critic. This gentleman has twice, in 'the stalls on first nights at-this house, "acted as fugleman to a number of people who had visited the theatre with no other idea than to embarrass the actors and, if possible, wreck the play. We, do not name the person in question for excellent and obvious reasons, but there is no member of the theatrical profession who will not recognise him. Mr. Stanley, the author of 'The Little Widow,' has been brought into unfriendly collision with the critic, and we know by experience what we have to expect this evening. Should the an ticipated interruptions occur this letter will be shown to the offender at the earliest oppor tunity. Should they b9 continued after this warning we shall make our joint appeal to the honor and generosity of the English press. You' may rely upon our bona fides when we state that unless the conducb complained of is altogether intolerable our appeal will not be made. - '■We are, sir, "Your obedient servants, "Herbert Glynn e, Lessee. " Reginald Francis, Manager." - Mr. Bormingtoa Wilstrop was considerably surprised on hi3 return to the stalls to find that the eminent critic had completely changed his standpoint and was now amongst the most 'enthusiastic admirers of the play. It was Walker Mayhill's tenorino laugh that led the house, his kid-gloved hands that first came together in applause. At intervals hemurmured "Admirable!" "Capital!" "Good, by Jove!" and the like encomiastic words and phrases. The smaller fry were thick about him and took their cue from him. The house rang with laughter and applause. There wa3 ho chance for the wreckers, for everybody in the stalls had ciiilghs the contagion of enjoyment and the great_ mass of the audience was eager to miss nothing. Even Esther caught something of the spirit of the' time and sparkled here and there. But on the whole she was the kill joy of . the evening—not absolutely bad enough to ruin the play, but bad enough to damp its fires at such unlucky_moments as she walked among them. Luckily for her and for the author everybody about her was as steady as a rock. There are scores of ex cellent actors who on the.assumption of a new part are struck through and through with the pangs of stage fright as terribly as any novice could be, bub if there were any suoh ;in the casb of "The Litble Widow" she was mercifully saved from contact with them. Her business lay almost entirely with Glynrie and with that glorious old veteran Eorresb and his wife;, all three seemed bo steeled arid armed as to have, grown beyond fear in the face of any audience.- Bub for their steadfast self-possession heaven only knows what would have' become of the hapless. novice who was letter • perfecb before any other , person engaged in the performance bad seen the play and was now forced to wrench word by word from memory with a consoious effort. The curtain fell oh the final act and there was no doubt'lefd either as to tlie verdict on the piece or as'to that on the performance- of -Miss Eelaeour. Glynue led her across and in his company she was tolerably safe, for.by this time everybody was anxious to givehim credit. But when once she .had passed from the sight of the- audience there was a terrific hubbub. I Yells and catcalls aud tempestuous' cries - of " Delaeour! Delaeour !" •' made the curtain wave and the very gaslight's quiver. Esther thought she. caught the meaning, of .the cries, and in her youthful vanity was eager to go back again, Glynrie took her by tlio arm as she ran ricros3 to" the prompt side and she turned, struggling to free herself. "They wand"me, Mr. Glynrie,. they want me." . "Yes," said Glynne, "they want you very badly, but if your riot a born' fool you don't .want to go." • 1 - • A good half of the male portion of the audience was friendly to the house and strove to still the tumult by adding to it, bellowing " Author ! Author !;' with all the force of their lungs. Francis tore Mark frotn his box and half forced, half led him to the wing. A shirt sleeved man pulled the curtain aside, Francis pushed the successful author gently forward, and ' before he knew it Mark v/as before the footlights bowing his acknowledgments! There was no doubting the heartiness and sincerity of the greeting he received. He had made his fortune and he knew it. He was under thirty and he had touched 'the top of his ambition and it meant nobhing to him. He had dreamed, awake and asleep, of this supreme and splendid hour, arid now it was his and is had no value for him. The priceless jewel of success was of the poorest paste, a thing worth no man's picking up in the highway. It would have been far otherwise if Esther had been what he had always thought her; but sbe was worthless, and no jewel had any riches, no wine any sparkle, no feast any season, He was back in the semi-darkness of the stage, but the clamorous ory of "Delaeour! Delacour !" was rising still. Glynne still held a restraining hand on Esther's arm, but she struggled to release herself. " It is my callj Mr. Glyrine!" she said, be tween rage and tears. " I have a right to take it. You have no right to hold me back." . "As a matter of faeb," said Glynne, "I'd a great;deal father you took it. Go along;" , The shirt-sleeved man swung the curtain aside with a grin' and she walked proudly for ward. The well-meaniug folks were gone but the public beast was there, and as the poor child entered the vehement call changed in a second to a' howl of execration and contumely, which mighthave fitted the adveutof someinon strous criminal but was never earned by the vilest duffer that ever tortured a theatrical audi ence in the history, of the world. She stood on9 moment amazed .and. horrified arid., then her spirit rose. . She' walked with iiu aspect! of complete, calm to the centre of the stage and there after a single purtsey. stood, motionless. The. howl died down arid there were cries of "Shame!" and "Order!" The house settled slowly to a complete hush and when perfect quiet was restored she walked calmly back, and directly she was hidden by the curtain ran to her dressing-room and there tore the wedding dress in which in. the last act the Little Widow had been richly habited, into mere rags and tatters. She did this with elenehed teeth .and blazing eyes, and having done itj threw herself upon a couch and cried with suoh an! agony of shame and passion as she had never | known. ! 