^Political Notes. There seems to be 110 end of clerical aspirants for political fame in the Granville electorate. The latest rumour is thatRev. Piggott, of Kellyville, -will come out. It is also said that the Bev. J. Furlong, who resigned from the labour league in order to have a free hand, is to contest The six nominated as representatives of the Granville labor league are—the Bev. 0. W. Smailes, and Messrs. John Withington, W. H. Windsor, B. Fairweather, JameB Williamson, and E. W. Powell. The first five were fully expeoted in the field; and Mr. Powell, a Sydney man, is regarded by some as being merely an emergency, the advantage of which may be found when the exhaust* ive ballot takes place. The various candidates are to express their views at a meeting of the league next week. In the meantime any candidate canvassing is to be struck out. ' There was so much talk of " signing the pledge " at Tuesday's labour meeting that it resembled a Good Templars' demonstration. It is a notable fact that while some prospective candidates at the . labour meeting were making themselves as prominent as possible, the Bev. G W. SmaileB maintained a discreet silence: The Bev. J. Furlong, in his letter to the league, said that things were a bit mixed, and there's no doubt about it, he hit the nail on the head. Mr. Fairweather referring to the prooeedingB of the central committee with reference to the selection of candidates said : This will effect some nom• inated to-night who have not been in the league three months. The Bev. Mr. Smailes: How do you know? (laughter.) Mr. Fairweather (laughing): Well, I'll withdraw that remark. A voice: Yes, but how do you know ? Mr. Fairweather: Well, I know when they joined! However, it has been decided that this rule does not affect those nominated after March 10— (looking at Mr. Smailes). A voice: Who are you looking at? (laughter.) Mr. Fairweather: Well, the gentle man is looking point-black at me! Rev. Mr. iBmailes: I always like to look at a good looking man. (Loud laughter.) The Granville Council came in for a share of not altogether favourable criticism at'the meeting. Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., the " per petual member" of Parramatta, responded for the Parliament, at the Bandsmen's banquet, last Saturday evening. The old gentleman was in fine form. Amongst other things, he reminded those present that in Parliament there were several conditions of members. There were the noisy, talk ative members, and those who never said anything. The members with strong, determined opinions, and those who had no opinion at all of their own, but simply voted as they were told. For himself, he went in for that golden speech which has been called Silence, and he was frequently twitted with not having much to say. Bnt nevermind, he went in for getting everything he could for his constituency; and that was far better than wasting time talk ing. There were men in Parliament (the Ministers) who were in receipt of large salaries for governing the country and making its laws. Let them do so. {Hear, hear.) His mission was to represent Parramatta to the best of his ability, and do -everything he possibly «ould for the welfare and prosperity of 'his constituency. That he had done in the past, and would continue to do in -the future. There had been much talk \- aU over the country about the Labour members—the working men's candidates—but he could assure them there were some very good zaen amongst them, who had done well. He was going to be opposed at the next general election, by, amongst others, Captain Ferris. Well, he could not help that. (Laughter.) Mr. Ferris had a perfect right to stand for Parliament; but he would not get there juBt yet, nor for some time. He (Mr. Taylor) might regret the fact; but, still, he could not i ust yet retire in favor of even Captain tarris. There might be some consolation in the reflection that he could only go along for about another twenty years; but during that time, the " old horse " would continue to go for Parramatta and its people against all comers. Later on in the evening, Captain .Ferris had an opportunity of referring to the Government with regard to its .action towards the military, and stated he was entirely opposed thereto. He believed our volunteers were as good a body of men as could be found anywhere; and if, unfortunately, the time ever did arrive when they were called upon to defend their country, they would fight like Britons. (Hear, hear.) With regard to Mr. Taylor and his remarks, he-considered politics out of place at such a gathering. It was well known that politically he was totally •ppposed to Mr.'Taylor, and at the next Election be would do bis best to oust him from his long-held office. Socially, however, he <wasvery pleased to see him at the friendly gathering, and <boped he had enjoyed himself. (ApftaoK Mr: Taylor: "Oh! Pm all right,"—Laughter.) Alderman William Ewart, who is Dontesting the Granville electorate in the protectionist interest, is to address the electors of that constituenqy in the Albert Hall, Granville, next Monday evening. Aid. Ewart is well known to a large number-of district residents, and has been in the district for over a dozen years, during -which time' he has -always jbeen to the fore in ajl ^rablio movements. Some time ago he addressed the electors of 'Granville, and - lie «uhBequently held A meeting at Bookwood. At both places he was well reosived and given a fair hearing, and he informs us that he has already been promised a large measure of support. His meeting on Monday will no doubt be well attended, and he will then place his views of political matters fully before the electors. Electors of all shades of opinion are invited to attend. " Spin " assures us that " one of the Parramatta aldermen keeps a little notebook to pop down anything that strikes bim as a good electioneering point, to bring out at Council meetings." " Spin " might have been a little more explicit, as there are Aldermen Thorpe, Moxham, Ferris, and Taylor to pick from. A "Granville" independent parliamentary candidate told one of our reporters, on Wednesday, that it is certain three of the old batch of labour candidates (and two of whom are still in harness in the league) will start for the local seat—the choice of the branch to the oontrary, possibly, notwithstanding. In one case, however, we believe, the reputed candidate will not start, as he is half-hearted in reform matters, and has'little chance on the other ticket. That the other two men will run, if there is anything like the ghost of a show, no one doubts; but they will go to certain and ignominious defeat— people are saying. Mr. O'Reilly is to speak on Monday week f and no address that he ever delivered at."The Corner " has been listened to with more interest than will be the one which he will then give, for rea Bons which many of his warmest admirers will not be elow to guess. Would it be considered a wild tip were we to express the opinion that a correspondent, " Grit," writing this week, is not far wrong when he ventures to prophesy that Mr. McOredie's claims may be considered when the port* folio of Works is to be handed out, next time ? " Grit" adds, " that is, of course, if George comes out and gets in." A look of unutterable woe overspread Aid. Taylor's face at Monday's Council meeting when it was announced by Mayor Withers that the bank had not exactly dishonored the Council's cheques, but bad given a hint that in the p^sent state of the overdraft it was not desire able to draw any. What price i about Hughey's threat to resign if the unemployed were not at once set to work quarrying stone from the river ? The little bit of bye-play about the hungry ones has had its day. Wonderful power these bank managers have A turn of their little finger, and off goes a voter on the tramp to Wyalong. That £250 from the Minister, too, which had such a roseate hue, turns out a duffer after all. Aid. Thorpe's patent for warming the water of the bathe will earn him the gratitude of many Parramattans who would like to enjoy a plunge in the semi- tepid when the keen south-westerlies are blowing in mid-winter. Captain Ferris and Bro. Moxham will now have to bestir themselves, and do something to earn the gratitude of the historio borough. The rivalty of the aldermanic quartette, who would fain achieve Macquarie-street, Sydney, waxeB warm, but mostly in an undercurrent just yet. Mr. Bladon is coming out of his shell at last. He is said to be posting himself in things political, and to be well up in th6 Labour, fiscal, and other pro minent problems of the day. After his speeches will come the questions—much dreaded by most candidates ; but it is said that thiB department is to be Mr. Bladon's forte. Bev. G. W. Smailes is likely to rake in support from the athletic 'element in the community—that is, if he starts, for Granville. As most persons knpw, he is an old enthusiastic footballer ; a cricketer, and one not among the " havebeenB;" and an indefatigable cyclist. As the civil war proceeds in the Granville labour camp, the "enemy" gloats. Many of the moderates—and among them are some of the most levelheaded of our citizens — say Mr. McOredie's chanoes improve as each new labour candidate (untrue to Democracy, declining to try a little selfabnegation) pushes into the already disturbed arena, and atirs things around vigorously to the tune of hackneyed Radical cries. The reason that Mr. McOredie is supposed to be one of the favouritoB, is that he is Liberal enough to catch all the labour men who may, perchance, grow disgusted with the selfishness, hypocrisy, and thin cant of some, of the bogus, but irrepressible, labour candidates. It is possible that a dark horse— whose name is mentioned at present very rarely—will start for Sherbrooke as soon as aU the plans of the others in the field are defined, and their political opinions are grasped by those who have the votes. "And what," asks " Scrutator," of Dundas, "has beoome of John Forsyth ? We hear too little from him now. He was, a few years ago, in the front rank of reformers; and he is, admittedly, one of .those few men whose face and voice never failed to charm into life warm confidence in certain -political elements in the constituency of Central (Dumberland." J There is a very strong feeling among a coterie of Parramatta electors (who are hardly likely to have their way— however good that way 'may be, theoretically) in favour of inducing, if possible; Messrs. Moxham and O'Reilly io retire together, and, combining their forces to rush Alderman Saunders through the election. Otherwise doubtless not one of the liberal three may get " a show" (as the saying goes). The residents of Wigram-street are not ambitious enongh to expect a special member for Harris Park, but an aspiring candidate is wanted who can guarantee that his return will secure a y purification of the drain on the east aide of the street, the effluvium approaching a maximum as the nauseous staff percolates through the culvert opposite Mr. Baker's bakery. 