KAJ1BUXG XOTES ASI) NEWS OJT ICUGBY. (By ' The Cykio.') Tho two great surprises in football circles on Saturday— for to tho genoral public thoy were Ronuino surprises — aro not at all likoly to do football any harm. Porsonally, I am very pleased at thorn, aud would havo been still more bo if Paddington had only managed to lowor tho proud 'Varsity crest. Not, in high-class play shown by a club which year aftor year, with an occasional temporary break, has, by sheer superiority, won.. tho highest laurels of football pro-emineiico. No ! No ! But because a struggling toam in its Drat year's oiistouce, after mcetiug with a sovero repulao at tho very onset, has per sovored ao woll as to ho actually ablo to play a match with the champions that for brilliancy iu the open, and general attrautircness, stands head and shoulders ovor anything so far brought forth this winter. Somo there no doubt aro who may feel disposed to Bum up tho remarkably good play of tho Pudding ton team against University ns ono of tlioso Unaccountable flukes which ao often upset tint beat laid schemes of footballers and orickoters. Whilo not expecting such a very swcot game from tho boarcra of tho rod, white aud blue, I expressed tiio opinion last wodk that it would be woll worth watching. And so it in that I cannot now look upon tho outcome of tho gnmo as bearing anything of a fluky eloment. Thoae who Baw tho AVallaroo match will rocollcct how well tho Padding toniaus played right up to within about Dftoen or twenty minutes of time. At that poriod Wallaroo had acorod ouly 3 points. It was after two or throo of thoir Binallor and lightor opponents hod got laid low that ilia heary Wallaroos ran through thorn. But that is onough; ancieut history has no oall upon our tlmo just now. The clfoot of' tho flncoeoii of two tunms auch as Parrumatta and Paddingtou against the pair who played the premiership final last year should bo of widespread good to tho gamo from this to thoond of the aoason, by imparting to their matches groator impor tance. Anything tonding to a centralisation of talent and intorent in a Bportof this kind is injurious. Tho immodiito^ supportors of a poworful team, in which players of promi nence aro coneontrated, aro to be commouded for their onthuaiasm. But when tho spirit of determination ovineed by onthnsioHtio players of a weak and struggling alub lifts tho toam iip to a high standard, almost to a level with the dons, wo aro all dispoaod to regard it with n deeper and moro sympathetic admiration. Tho appropriation of football honors by a few olubs has the 'undesirable bffeot of robbing games wherein tho weaklings llgnro of that intorest - which generally murks inatcbos betwoen Btroug fifteens. Thus it was that' Senior football on Saturday ' drow . com paratively fow pcoplo put to the uiiualtrysting spots. .' No one regardod tbo ' PiratOB-Globo' match as other than a moral win for tho Shoro men: whilo fow, among whom wore tho Faddingtbnian follows thomsolvosj gave tho Buburbauitea a ghost of a. clianoo with their renowned 'Varsity brothron. Belioving as thoy did, the genorat football public wont oliowlioru ;' many to tho races, others to dawdla about. Porhaps yon will s»y that they rollod. tip fairly well at tho Association Ground, but it rran in nothing approaching the numbers that the high-olaai exposition of Itugby deserved. Thoao who misRod tho match may accept it ai a fnct that they mimod a iramo woll worth going fur to hoo. Tho gamo novor laggod from start to finish, and at times tho work done by both t«nma waa ho font, clean, and liigli-clais that tho Hpoclii tora wurn fairlv boiudu theuiHelTeH with eicitu nwiit. Tim i'udiliiiKloiiiiiiw t'Miii won thu sympathy of nil cavo Haunnli 'W-rnity mon ; and they wure frequently nhonrn.l for ininutc.'j at a Blrclch. Tho fiiMt half of th» gamo wuh ko woll contested that ttllhouuli 'Van.ity had scored a try to nil, play rrotilcl not h:iro linon more even. It was generally thought by tho spootators that tho blue aud gold warriors would run over their opponents iu tho xoooud half— that, iu fact, it would bo a repetition of tho Wallaroo match. ' Wait ft fow moru minutes, und thsu you'll see tho Uuin. suuring fust ouough. Wait till tho Paddiugtoii go to piooos.' That wns tho opinion many gavo voiou to, and others had ou tho tips of their touguon. Well, wowaitodand waitod, but liko other mortals, wo got lost in tho gamo. Now tho Unia. wero ruahing liko oluctriu figures, dash ing at llio line. Now PaddingUm broko awny ami as quick an lightning inudo tho valiant Abbott aud his worthy houchmou fight for their livos in dofeuoii of tho lino. Once I lookod across at a 'Varsity follow during! tho ilorooly raging battle, and ho said, 'Thank cooduosa tiioy'vo got thoso throo' points.' That oomos back to mo now, hut I hardly hoard it at tho tinio, for I, cold-blooded mortal,, too, got oxoitod. Tho first half was good onougli, but tho second half fairly out alassod it. Wo wero all waiting for Padding tou to go to pieces, but they didn't. They oamo ugain and again, and 'Varsity rose grandly to tho occasion. The only rest the men Boemed to got was during tho iutorohango of kicks by tho rival baoks, Hud during little mishaps to playoru. At last tho balllo got so warm, tho Paddinglou forwards, careering on liko Hying uiaehiuos, Bwoopod down almost as fast as tho ball from a long kiuk to Rowlands, the 'Varsity full-back. Tho latter had boon punting so well all tho afternoon that overy ouo expected him to freo hia lino; but, per haps owing to thu troop of opponouts Hearing, ho kicked straight up to a great height, and tho ball wont into touch without gaining a yard. Shortly after this Dont got in for Pad diugton, and when our mutual I'riond, Mr. A. E. Sefton, gnvo it a try, tho pavilion and' tho terraces rang loud und long with cheers aud cheers of tho heartiest kind. 'Lot Hawnali kick it,' shouted out tho Paddingtou secretary from the pavilion, but his voicu was as a pop-gun to a cannon's roar. Instead of allowing /'llawnah ' to boot the ball, tho akippor, Parker, look it, but failed to udd u difficult goal. Now thu camo began again. With ovory action denoting dotpr miuatiou to rotriovo thoir position, 'Varsity ro-tmlorod into tho gamo. They played grandly, exerting thomsulros in that brilliant combined way that has materially assisted to placo them at tho top of tho tree. Thoy tried as hard as they ever bofore tried to score. Nelson wont off with Abbott's pass liko a whirlwind two or throo times, twico being beautifully downed by Commins, tho ' full back. Finding his wings wero unablo to carve a way through the lino, and us timo began to draw near, Abbott went bounding oft' to scoro. Ilowovcr, they soon downed the 'Varsity captain, tackling liko domous. Pad dington blood was up, and lo ! tbo 'Varsity lino waa attacked right and left. Tho cham pions fought grandly, aud at tho oud oamo out with a drawn gamo, neither Hide scoring further. It was a grund gumo, and consider ing tho surprise thoy mot with, tho 'Varaity uro to be complitnontod upon'huviugrcomo out of tho tusslo with honors ovou. Yen; it sounds Btraugo to say so ; to Bay that tho pro miors are to bo co,mplimouted upon having omorgod from the battlo against Paddington without a drubbing. When tho whistlo blow at tho close tho Paddingtoniaua rushed forward, hesitated, and then gavo three cheers; 'Varsity, lugging behind, returned tho compliment. Entering the pavilion gato, thoso iu tho members' pavilion, above and below, roso up and gave tho men wearing the rod, whito and bluo a heart-stirring cheor — aud well they deserved it, for a better gamo wo may not seo during The pocrot of ? tbo Paddington success against University was in paco, combination, strength iu tho open, aud condition of their forwards, baekod up— artor tho flrat fow mimitos— by superb baclc play. Tho following on by Chambers all throneli was wonderfully good, aud Hauua, Deal-man, Coopor, and Chambers woro unsurpassable in dribbling and passing forward rushes. Tbo paco with which the forwards followed up reminded mo of tbo play of tho Centennials at Newcastle, and stands out vory boldly iu comparison to tbo lagging of tbo itandwiok forwards in the pre vious match. Thoir adhosivo play iu tho open was superior to anything I havo Boon in Souior club football for many a day, savo perhaps whon those 'Varaity short passing cavalcades used to be so successful a couple of yours back. Ilttima is tho crack of the ruck, and ho is an expert man in ovory point, whether it be in tho Bcrum, on the lino out, in tackling, or in the open. Thu two half-backs, Dent and Gormau, worked splendidly cucli in his own way, Dont showing prominently from bogin nit ... in atuf T*ti»'lri,i.'a l.-ifit-Stttr nrwl »«n.rl.-im» at centre throo-quurtcr was BUperb, and his judgment iu putting his men on sido was very good indeed. Gregory and Smith, tho wing three-quarters, could not have ilonu much better, whilst Commins, at full-back, made only ono orror — iu which others shared — allowing Abbott to run thronsh thorn. The Univorsity team playod up splendidly almost to a man. The forwards were beaten in the opou, but in tho scrum they hold thoir own. Halo and J. Woods playod particularly well. Moses ' und Voech put iu a lot of oxcollont work at half, and H. Wood -also played fairly well just outside the wing of the scrum. Moses ouco iu tho first half might havo got another throo points if he had unc passed put to Abbott at centre ou the 25yds line. Ho might oasily have gained another dozen yards aud then passed if no found ho could not get through. However, if tho 'Varsity captain had got tho bull from llio pass as it was ho would probably have had a shot at goal, and not havo gono for tho Hue. . . , Tbo only blomisli in tho play of Paddington was thoir utter failure to stop Abbott whon ho got tho try. . The 'Varaity crack foolod Grogory aplondidly, and got away from Commins, who wout for him high. It was a very tine run from about half-way, and if Abbott bad tried to scoro oftonor early iu the game ho might havo douo better for his side. King aud Nolsou could not get through tho phalanx of Paddington men, though thoy triod often enough, A Hnlo playod a good forward gama for University, and onco nhuuld have scored from u. good dribblo, but eithor he or Walker, who also did good work, kicked too hard noarinir tho lino, thus Bonding tho ball dead ugainst the fence. This waa in' tho second half. Halo also get across the lino, hut was held boforo crossing. If ho. woro to paas u littlo more iu tho open Halo would do hotter still, ' although, ho is Dlayiug in good form now. J.- Chambers, the short, stout Prtddinglon forward, was the most conspicuous player on tho Hold in tho'Varnity match. Ho somned to bo always on top of tho ball, and played a game that surprised nvcry one of the specta tors. . If hoiilunua, Dearman, midCo. inanago to keep goiug, tho play of tho team will bb always worth watching. Thoro aro ono or two mon inthoPad'lington forwards hardly iu tho Bamo olass aslhoir best inon, and if thoy can only supplant them by good, sound forwards thoy will have a. very interesting team. Coopor, who played on tho wing with Lees, playod tho weakest gamo, hut Iuuderitand that his proper placo is in tho scrum, and not outside. ? ? ?' Tho Paddington wing Ihroo- quartor baok, F. Smith, is the player who llgured as a Wallaroo man 'last year. If Smith plays up as ho did on Saturday, Paddington havo got hold of a vory good man, indeed, and, barring accidontfl, will not ueod to alter thoir backs anymore, \ , ? -? The rally by tho Univorsity . toam during tho oonoluding portion of tho gamo was as fast, fierce, and determined ua anything thoy havo done for some timo. It was oquallod only by tho courago shown by, tho Paddingtou mon iu downing thoir antagonints as they aharged. Oncn, by a daubing run, Nelson got past all hivo tho Paddington full-buck. Woro it not that Commina collared the bull, too, no that his opponent could not pass, 'Varsity would havo scored. ? Tho Univorsity appear to mo to bo making an orror In playing throo half-backs, although K. Wood waa oftouor in tho position of a wing forward than a half-back on Saturday, Of courao it won't matter against tho Glcboa next Saturday, but with iho Pirates as opponouta it isquito another mattor. Tho downfall of R indwink at. the handu of Parramatta wa« not in kslmiixliinff to thu fiognoacHinti iih thn outcvjuio of thu AHKociation Orouud nmti'li. Kllll it wan i: bit of a shock lo llio Jtamlwick Hiipporteiil nud to thn public conmilly. Thoy mj that it waa n very i:l»aidy (might out gaimi, and thu inembnrn of tin. I£:mdwiok lenra I.havn miico mot toll mo Una Urn drubbing wii-i fairly Kivon. Thu fariainattu men wi.ro on llioir mottle, for tho i.rctof thn liujal pnoplo woro.Bontrod iii-'in tli«in. They ralliud u» a yuod team, uud, playing u groat game, won by B to 3. Ono or two of the vinitintr tuiun ,toll mu that A. G. l-'rnaur is ono of tbu linost tuoklors thoy havu humpiid ugaiiiBt. Ah I wo know Hint bofoiv, but tho HandwioltB had lo find it out ; moio limn one of whom did, including big brother Jack. Tho try for tho local team was got by Loa. Wiokham, Stauloy of that ilk add ing tho 2 points. Douglas alao playod a pro minent gnmo. It is worth noting that Klloy, tho Eaudwiok eontro throe- quarter, took a spoil, Barrio going back, and Crowoll playing half-back. Thla dofeat, coming uftor that sustained in tiio ''Varaity niatoh, ahould nwakou tho llandwioka. It is timo that Surmiin nud Lowis took thoir plaocs— two good man. Tho victory of Parramatta was vory popu lar with the spectators, aud of course, with a guthorlug of local peoplo this ia only natural ; but thoro was moro than tho usual amouut of jubilation at tho oud of tho game, which, by tho wny, waa conoludod iu u. vory dusky light. In getting thoir 3 points Bundwlok had a hit of luck, as thoy wero the rosult of n. goal from a ponalty kick, Allan Scott boiuif tho kicker. 'Weak points of tho Handwick forwards when playinir against University are that they are neither llorco nor fast onougli. The Piratos' eooro against Globo— 30 to nil —needs littlo comment. Tho unfortunate Eloctorato team was short-liandod, a fow of tho forwards failing to appear; but this shortage was duo, I boliovo, to injurios bus t*iued during Iho wook, and not to any lack of spirit or doggod courago to faco the music ouco moro. Tho I'iratoa got 17 points iu tho opening lalf and 13 iu tho suoond. Goorgo Lusk again iud n Qugorinihe pie; as ho scored two trios, and kicked four out of fivo attempts at goat from tries. Sinclair alBO got two tries, and Thomas and W. Nelson ouo each, whilst Brown pottod a goal from the Cold. Tho Piratos bavo somo good kicking men, who ahould not forgot, whon playing Wallaroo uoxt Saturday, that bootiug the ball ovor tho bar brings u point moro than a try to thoir crodit. ' , Among tho many who wero workod up ecstatically by tho Puddiugtouian fusilado upon tho Uuivorsily lino woro several of tho Wallaroos. If thoy havo not often tasted of thu sweets of suoeess at tho 'Varsity expense, they wero prepared to -jubilate ovor tho down fall of tho champions nt the hands of another team. Tho downfall did not quito couio off, tbougli it was near it— awfully ueur it. I wont out with most oxcollout intoutions on Saturday, vowing that I'd go round and havo a poop at tho Pirates demolishing the Globe. I wanted to have a look at thoir forwards. But, uhis ! my good intentions woro scattered to the winds. Tho 'Viirsity- Paddingtou match rivcttod mo, and I did not awaken from tho intoxication until tho game had ended. Tho Piratos havo to moot Wallaroo on Saturday at Llio Association Grouud. Thoy have all round bottorbaokB than the older olub, but tho for wards ? If tho Pirates play nine forwards aud get their vory bent— strongest aud fastest— men togothor, they should giro tho Wallaroos n. great shaking up. I suppose tho latter will not umko tho gamo open ; but if thoy woro to only do so and play tojtotbor liko Pnddington, for instuhoo, with thoir forward team, they ought to bo capablo of great doeda. Most peoplo will say tbo odds are that Wallaroo win, but provided tho Pirates put tho strength iu tho forwards Iho odds seem to mo about oven, for it must be roinomborod the Skull and Crousbouos throw away what chance they had of beating llundwiok by placing tho men as they did. Whon Lea. Wiokham got tbo try against Eaudwick on Saturday, Tom Duggan, who wont at him, spun round thu goal post, and thoso looking on thought ho must have iujurod his buck ; but fortunately ho did not. Most of thoso who reokon to get tho best value for thoir money will go to boo tho ?\Vallaroo-Pirato match on Saturday ; hut as a likely exposition of fast, clean and exoiting. football, commend me to tbo mooting of Pad diugton and Parramatta. It ought to bo an nppotisor for tho people. K. W. Lowis, tho, Eaudwiok throo-qnartcr back, will be ablo to don tbo colors henceforth. He ia iu splendid condition after having uuder gouo a sound preparation for tho Jlioyelo Champioushipat Nowcastlo on Saturday last. Lewis is a good all round man, and in his no3itiou littlo if at all iuforiorto anyone in tho JKandwick team. . ' Tho Newcastlo forward, E. Watt, of tho Centennials, was in town on Saturday. Ho told me ou Saturday night that owing to his tem porary nbsonce ho did not oxpect to be choBQU for Thursday's match agaiuat tho Now Eng land Branch. Tho names of tho team camo through by wire, and Beiiini; it, I told him that ho waa omitted, but. I iiud ho wn3 picked, so that thoro was a pleasure awaiting him ou Sunday morning. ' The hou. secretaries of Junior olubB should note that tho selectors— MeaBra. Brown, Somorvil'.o, aud Qninlau— roqriiru to have nnisea for selection sent in by Juno 21. Mr. J. A. Quinlau, Box 13, G.P.O., is tho hon. socrotary.' . Tho o.-liibition of football givon by tho Wbollabra team in the Bocoud half of their Third Junior Corapotition match against Pad diegton Juniors, at tho Association Grouud, was vory choioo indeed. Thoir passing rushes wore very brilliant at timos, huiug gonerally coolly aud o(oanly done. Tho two trios by Dawson woro got aftor first-class runs, during which tbo player's dodging was rbtnarkably well doDO for a Third Junior. Tho spoo tators, many of whom had novor porhaps heard of thu teams, were so worked up by the play during tho last half-hour that they woro fairly, lost in tho game. What a worthy exampl.'i these Juniors act foe their Senior brethren who woro looking on. ' Kick off fast, Fothoringham,' camo from tho terraces to a Paddiuglon Junior kiokist in tho match against Woollahra. A fow minutes boforo Paddiugtou wero wasting time in tho most effectual style, and tiio voice from the terraces thonsaid, ' That's tho way to play, Paddiugtoii.' How quickly tbo tuuu cbangod as soon as Woollahra got tbo lead. I waa led unwittingly into an orror last week in Btating that tho Maitland Ihroe quartor, C. White, waa the player who figured in Senior football hero n. fow years ago. I was dubious about tlio matter myself, but on thu authority of a .'Varsity and aiso of a couplo of AVallaroo mon, my doubts were overcome, aud I montiouod tho fuct. My informants, liow ovor, were wrong, and the following note from a Maitlandor. will sot tho matter rights— 'Whilo, who is a mero boy, is a nativo of Maitland, and has novor been outside tho colony. Tho comparisons to Abbott aro some what erroneous, for although he is as effec tual, ho hue quito a difforout stylo, more nearly resembling tho play of 'Tonga' Moulton, especially iu his cool drop-kicking, and ho is also of tho same build as the old Uni. wing threo-quiirtur. His tackling ia also very suro, aa can bo testiflod by Abbott, who was brought to grass by him. every timo iu tbo match botwoeu University and Muitlund United, playod horu on May 26.' Tho playor with whom tbo Maitlandor ia aonfuEod is a barrister in Elizaboth-atrcot, Sydney, and played for Iho University on Saturday again8t Paddiugtoii. : Tlio team which plays a fast, open forward gamo has a bettor chance of defeating Uni vorsity than tho slow-coaches whoso scrum after soruin makes tho gamo grow wbary to the onlookers. Wait till tiio Pirates aud 'Varsity meet— it ought to bo a troat. S. Dent, tho ox-Piralo half-baok, plnyod ft raro gamo for Paddington against 'Varsity, and his pomrado, Gorman, too, played up to. his best form', his feinting boing very exportly dona. Kandwiok may yofc havo a vory tough timo fighting for a : place in tho semi- final. Thoy havo to moat 'Wallaroo and Paddlntfton. J. Cowon, tho old Nowcaatlo playor, is leav ing for Frooinantlo on a business trip at tho uud of tho mouth. Wish him sucocBg aud a ploauant trip. In choosing thoir forwards for Iho rcprosimta tivo toam, tho selectors ahould not forgot A. 0\. Fraxor, of the Parramatta toam. He is strong, fast, plnya a good gamo in tho opon, and tackles very llnoly. W. Galloway was very unfortunato against Pnrramattn. Ho wont to taoklu I,ob. Wiok bam anil (jot a knock in tho uoutro of tho oyo from tho knoo of his opponent. A medico ou th.i ground ordered him. to rotiro, and tho guinu wus suspuuded for a quarter of an hour thereby. Allan Scott'* goal for ITandwiok ngaitmt Parruinattii v.un .piito n raro mie, cspooially ro.ro for n Kandwink man to kink. It was a drop outside Iho 25yils and near thu touch ''riio Now Knglanil-llJiiilwiek ilinnor at Artnin'H Kro!iaii(ro, -m Sutnrdny night, ought to bo n jolly giitherinf. They say that Kand wiuk nro going to got unothor drubbing, and that then Ihov will pull thciniulvnu tn»ethcr for the big badge matches. Wo all hopo so. Tho him. secretary of tho itoforooH' Aaso ciatiun (Mr. if. CJ. Slunkham) tells mo that ho has roceivod from IJul-IiuhI a long list of (Incisions arrived at by tho English Kugby Union, and al«o decisions arrived at by the Laneaahiro UeforeoH' Association during tho last football bcihou. 1 ahall pro bably publish tho Euglinh doeiaious next wook.. All momboru of tbo Keforoos' Association aro ruquentud to attend the noxt mooting of thu Association ut Aaron s Exohnngo Hotol on Tuesday next, when the English roports will bo diKcusiiod. If some of tho decisions bo uphold by tho committoo of tho local Union, thoy wilUlond to alter tho present reading of tho rules to a cousldorablo extent. . - A whispor says that Gny Tibbolts, Iho Parramulta full-back, will Uguro in the Wal laroo oolorB on Saturday. Harris Woods has givou tho gamo up for a whilo owing to u fow njurios recently sustained, but he playod the British Association gamo on Saturday. Hand (a going to play threo-quarter for Wallaroo,' and tho constitution of tho backs is likoly to give a shock to ono or two of tho rogular mon. Tho Wallaroo tbroo-quartorB against Piratos will ho Koborts, Gardiner, and Baud, und tho half-baoka Manchoe and Smith. ' Watson ' has rotirod from football. I mot J. Tizsard, captain of thoNowcasllo Advance, on Saturday. He will. bo living iu Sydnoy for somo weeks, and will, I supposo,' flguro in somo of tba eonior inatohos. Ho told mo that ho would prefer lo play with a woak toam, such as Globo, but I rccommoudod Paddingtoii, as ho is living iu tho centre of tho electorate ' I. noto our friends at tbo Shoro havo applied for a permit to play him. Tho Pirates hold a smoker at tho Contcnninl Hall, Walkor-streot, on Monday night. It was a first-rato affair, athletics, such us. boxing aud club-swiiigiug, being embraced in tho ovouing'u programme. Hon. Secretary Air. II. Nelson had everything in upplo-pio order. . . ' . ' ' Ondit that Iho Globo, far from hoinf; dis heartoued at their own ill bucccss, havo takou heart from Iho good oxamplo sot them by their electoral brethren of Paddingtou. Thoy are endeavoring to rally up a toam strong ouough to administer another ehuck to 'Varsity — a. hard task. Tho Kefeheb dofoatofi tho Toohuioal Col logo toam at tho Agricultural Ground on Wednesday by IU points,. to 5. Tries for tho winners wero obtained by Williams, Heuleu, and Eyro (two). The Hepebee team ineot Yt'avorloy ou the local oval this uftornoon. . Ponrith F.C. ia disougaRod for July 7 on thoir own grouud. — Jko. Scarvell, Hon. Sec. Peurith F.C. 