Possibilities of tbe Bells. Bell-ringers ought to bo able to give a change of bill at every performance. It is carious to notice what u variety of changes can be rune on bells. Eicht notes will oivn 40,820 different messages, and ten notos 9,058,880. The ahangos whioh may be wrung on twelve bells are 479,001,000, which, at tha rato of two strokes a second, will take ninety-one yoars to ring. Another authority ays, upon the aaloulation of ringing 720 obanges in on hour, it would tnko an inees- lant ringing of thirty-seven years to oom- plete 479,000,000. Fourteen bells, at tho rato first given, would take 16,675 years to aooomplisb tbe changes, and upon twenty- lour bells tho ohangos oould not bo rnng in less than 117,000 billions of yoars, and no conoert aompany is liboly to hold iogoiher for n "season " of that length. Speaking of the total depravity of human nature, have you ovor noticed that nothing makes a doctor so happy as to discover some new disease? Small Boy : " There's one thing in the Bible Sis says nho'd liko to ohange." Minister : " Impossible I What oan it be, my young man ?" . Small Boy ; " Her ago, sir." " Are you snrs it was tho spirit of Ltnd- \- ley Marray who oamo at tho medium's . call?" ' Oh, yes, ho said so himsolf. I said, 'I wafit tho spirit of Lindley Murray,' and tbe ghost replied : ' I'm bim.' " An elcotrioion has invented a wonderful watah that will tell a man when his noto is coming duo. His watah woald be a great deal more romnrkablo, aa well as ueolal, it it would tell tbe man whore to got the money to pay tho noto. Old gentleman (at his daughter's wed ding) ; ' My dear, I don't see how I am to get along without you." Bride : " Nover mind, pa. Slnao tho cere mony was porformcd my husband has con fessed that he hasn't enough saved to go to housekeeping, so you may not loso mo oftor sll." Architect (displaying the plans) : 11 Horo la the front elovation, with tho 'outside win dow and circular gallery ; this is tho oast elevation, showing oriel tower," Teddy (onormonoly interested in tbo now -house): "And wbero ore the two mortgages pa said ho wan going to put on," Botel Wait or : "A man is raining a die. turbanoe bcoauso ho aan't get his usual aoat . at the tsblo." Manager : " Go in and propitiate bits in Bomeway." Walter (in dining- room) : " Hero you 1 If yjia don't liko tho way things are done eregot o«t. OC I'U FjgfUlVtyJ&i; E&jty; 