NOTES AND NEWS. BRITISH AND FOREIGN. A Reuter telegram from Halifax says the women of Canada who subscribed for a pair of horses, a sleigh, and furs as a wedding gift to Princess May, are indignant that the horses were docked before being shipped. Steps are being, taken to prosecute the parties respon- sible for this net, and the subscribers are also sending a memorial to the Princess asking Her Royal Highness to express her reprobation of the cruel practice, and to refuse to accept the horses. My nephew Bobby tokl mo tno omer day (writes "Hebe" in tlioffiiif/t'WOHW»^ that he thought that soda water tasted like his foot when it was asleep ! An interesting anecdote is being told of the late Air. Aynsley Cook's appear- ance in an American Law Court as a basso. Ho was, it is said, in his early career engaged for an American tour. After a few weeks the " ghost " ceased to walk, and the manager was sued by an irate creditor, who pleaded that tho manager was to blame for having en- gaged so poor a company. This the manager denied, .and asked leave to send for the " least known member " of the company, that ho might sing to tho Court. Air. Aynsley Cooli was selected, and sung " The village blacksmith " in a way tYiat fairly took the Court by storm. Tlio judge dismissed tho suit, making a jocular remark_ about tho creditor's musical education having been sadly neglected. It was a Saturday ovening, and the I man in charge of tho office of a Glas-1 gow paper was quietly reading when ] tho door swung open, and there ap- peared a grimy hand on the outside of the counter, on which fluttered n piece of dirty paper, with the result of a very junior football match. Lean- ing over the barrier, the clerk saw a little urchin, with a dreadful black eye, standing on tip-too in order to reach the counter " Wull ye be shah- tao pit it in on Alondny ?" was the query of tho latter. " Yes," was the answer, but the youngster still hung about tis if loth to leave. To humour him the newspaper clerk asked if there was anything else lie wanted ; whereupon, pointing to his damaged optic and soveral contusions on his face, ho replied, " Aye ! Yo micht add to it ' rough play I ' " Suggestions published by The Times in regard to the emigration of women to English colonies have brought a statement from the British Women's Emigration Association, with offices at the Imperial Institute, to the effect that more than 3,000 respectable ' -women have been assisted during the last 10 years by the association to emi- grate to countries where they have been able to better tlieir condition. ''It is worse than hanging." That, in the opinion of a clover lady corres- pondent of the Paris Temps, is the verdict of the Frenchman about getting married. When ho at last makes qj> his mind to tako unto himself a wife he tells his friends that he is going " to make an end of it." To which senti- ment the lady not unnaturally objects ; for. as she points out. " what we poor girls aie taught is that marriage is a beginning ; in fact, that it is the beginning of everything." The manion that the Pilgrim Fathers had anything to do with Plymouth, . beyond the fact of their being hospit- ably entertained therein, and making it perforce their final port of depar- ture, says a writer in the Western Daily 'Mercury, must be ranked among vulgar' errors; and it is equally , erroneous, it seems, to believe that they .called the place of their landing Ply- mouth in memory of that fact, seeing it had been so named before ; yet it is none the less true that Plymouth and other ports in the two western counties played a very prominent part in the settlement of new England, Plymouth and its merchants more especially. Many a prominent New England family, indeed, in the present day, traces descent to an ancestry only less distinguished than that of the original pilgrims, dating back to Plymouth or Exeter, or Dartmouth or Falmouth, or Barnstaple or Topsham,or to some little village or quiet country town in the neighbourhood of these ports. Somebody has discovered that man, in the Stono Age, used to perform the delicate surgical operation of trephining According to the latest modern -idea," when the Stone Alan had a headache, from too liberal indulgence in uncooked 'cave-bear with oak-tree salad, ho called in the surgeon. The' specialist caine round with a case of flint instruments andcut a little piece out of the patient's head to relievo-tho pain. Hence, argues Prof. Horsley, lecturing at Toynbee-hall recently, the Stone Age people must really have possessed a fair scientific knowledge of surgery. Wo know already that they were good artists ; they published sporting sketches of a good run with the elk on pieces of bone, Which, probably had a steady popular sale. It now only re- mains to discover that they wrote analytic novels of an erotic tendency, on blocks of granite. Perhaps (sug- gests the St. James' Gazette) they had comic papers too_ ; and these may ex- plain the trephining. The average Stone Age citizens may have been like Sydney Smith's imaginary _ Scotchman. Per- haps ho liad a surgical operation per- formed upon bim so that he might appreciate the stony jokes of the period. The Illustrated American says prurient prudery is a disease which is principally confined to the States and England. It^usually attacks women, bub now and then men. Its latest victims are Secretary Carlisle and certain United States Senators, who object to a nude figure of a vigorous young man, representing America, which Augustus St. Gnudens has intro- duced on the World's Fair medal. He very properly refuses to spoil his work at the dictation of some persons of dirty minds. The frequency with which Scripture allusions and expressions are inter- woven in the articles appearing in our best journals and magazines shows what a great influence the Bible has had upon the thought of the nation, but tho increasing want of accuracy and reverence in such references seems _ to indicate that these allusions are in too many cases the waning inheritance received from a moro steadfast genera- tion. The following confusion between the fall of Jericho and Gideon's victory, 1 in a Times leader, illustrates what wo mean :-" We are not in the least afraid of these unauthorised bearersof pitchers and blowers of trumpets who arc them- selves painfully conscious that tho walls of Jericho remain unshaken, by lign- an lies."-Rock. A hint to housekeepers : It is a bad plan in putting paper on pantry shelves to use newspapers with love stories in them. Send your daughter there for tiutter and you will find lier half an hour later perched on a Hour barrel and almost standing on her head ti-ying to read a story. An illustrated catalogue is being pro pared for tho Melboumo Art Gallery. The proces-s of photographing the different pictures has disclosed the fact that a picture by Brozik," The Béfenos tration of Prague," which was pur- chased by the trustees as the original painting foi- £1,000 is only a replica. lins was ascertained oy comparing tne photograph of tho picture in the art gallery with an artist's proof of the original work. One of the figures in the original is carrying a club, but appears in the replica in the Alelbourne gallery as holding a sword. Perhaps it cannot be otherwise, but there is something incongruous about selling the Victoria Cross. Two of these decorations were offered in London'recently by Messrs. Sotheby. Bub though the symbol of honour passes into other hands, it is to te remembered that the name of the original recipient is impressed upon it. The first offered was that »resented to Sergeant McWheeney, 44th Regiment, by the Queen, and was earned by valour in three actions in the Crimea-on October 20 and De- cember f>, 1854, and Juno l8, 1855. With the Cross were included the same soldier's Crimea, Taku Fort, distin- guished conduct in the field, and Turko-British Crimea medals. The lot sold for £.")0. Another V.C., presented to Duncan Millar, of the 42nd High- landers, for conspicuous gallantry at Maylah Ghaut, Jan. 15, 1859, fetched £25 10s. A Deceau medal brought ¡Igiif.; General Alilitary Services, 1793 181-1, with 12 bars, £17 10s.; a similar one, with 10 bars, £10 lös.; Afghan War, 1830, lOgns.; Afghan War, 1842. lOcrns.: a naval clasp "Gluckstadt, Jan. 5, 1814," £8 ; and the Army oí | India medal, of which only 13 with tho sante combination of bars were issued, ono to the Duke of Wellington, £31. At tho Sydney'Criminal Court tho other day, two positively hideous speci- mens ot pagan construction, named; Sing Hing and Chung Wing, appeared < in Ino roles of prisoner and prosecutor respectively. Wing charged Sing with having stolon his watch, and Sing made a song in tho witness-box to the effect that \Ying was a trillo too " fly " in his behaviour. Wing said that on a recent night he was near Belmore park, when Sing approached, gribbecl his watch, and lied. Ating Kong, who spoke in a plaintive sing-song, said that he picked the watch up as Sing fled. Ming chased Sing and Wing followed Aling, but Sing was fairly on tho wing, a thing which seemed to sting Wing, likewise Aling, but when it appeared evident that bing would spring clear of Aling, also Wing, tho string was joined by Yring, who wished to bring Sing to a reckoning Lastly, Aling did cling to Sing, also Wing, likewise Ying, and the entire ring took Sing, who had his fling, to the lock-up. He'll seo a jury in tho early spring, will Sing. Some inspired pet-son has called the succulent sausage a " bag of mystery." Somebody else has declared that in order that the delicacy mentioned may bo appreciated to the fullest extent, it is essential for the consumer to possess the liveliest confidence in his fellow man. Kindred to tho sausage, one might venture to suppose, is the sausage roll, but that there is not necessarily a relationship the subjoined _ extract proves beyond all doubt. It is taken from the report of proceedings in a London Police Court -.-Air. Young (to the prosecutor): Did you, amongst other things, teach this boy to make sausage rolls 1-Yes. Air. Young ; Did you teach him to make sausage rolls of i-pd ochre, pepper and salt, and brown bread soaked 1-The Prosecutor : Yes. Air. Young : Where is the sausage 1 Tho Prosecutor : Don't require it. That is how the beef sausage is made./ Plainly the mystery of the sausage is a ' poor thing, hardly worth considering at all when compared with the mystery of the " sausage roll." Continuing her experiences in the St. James' Gazette, the American lady who advertised her desire to effect an introduction into London society de- scribes an interview she had with Lady-. " The result of my inter- view," she says, "was that I was to pay out between £4,000 and £5,000 for a 'season' in London, introductions into the best society, and a presentation at Court. It was moro thau probable that during my career as a society belle some poor but fascinating young middle-aged, or< old nobleman ino matter what his age so long as his lineage was correct) would fall deeply in love with me, lured on¡ possibly, by my chaperon's representations concern- ing tho state of my cattle ranches out West. Then I would marry him, and be an ornament to society, and I would give Lady-a little present of a cheque, or a house in Park-lane, or even souio land in the far Western State where my herds grazed peacefully on a thousand hills." ' .-e A con temporal y gives a curious proui i of the efficacy of faith. A painter, well-1 known in London society, had suffered from rheumatinm many years. One day he heard of what is- called the Liverpool cure, which consists of carry- ing a raw potato at all times in the left- hand breeches pocket. Despite the chaff of friends, the idea attracted him. He thought there was something in it, and he adopted it. From the day he first wore Sir Walter Raleigh's tuber to the present time he has never had a twinge. In a convent which Cardinal Alan niug - the thinnest of mortals - honoured with a visit, there was a cook who begged and prayed for the blessing of the Cardinal, and, brought in, knejt down before him and received his blessing ; whereupon she looked up at him and said, " Alay the Lord preserve your Eminence, and oh, may God for- give youl' cook. There aro some queer corners and nooks in rural England. A_ country parson lately went to preach in au old remote parish one Sunday. The old sexton, in taking him to the place, de precatingly said, "I hope your riv'rence won't mind preachin' from the chancel, You see. this is a quiet place, and I've got a duck sittin' on 14 eggs in the pulpit. At a railway station the other day a gentleman from the country yielded to the pressing solicitations of a newsboy and bought a paper. But here was a difficulty-a shilling, no change, and the train about to start. The bargain was about to bo relaxed, when the Doy volunteered to get the shilling changed into pence. " But,"said the gentleman, " perhaps you will not return with the elevenpence." "If you aro afraid of that," exclaimed the precocious youth, " you may have 11 papers in security." The boy went, but did not return. The whistle sounded ; away went the train, and it carried a man supplied for once with the news of the day. A curiosity in banking, as well as an illustration of the enormous wealth possessedby some people, was related at a meeting of the shareholders of one of the largest joint-stock banks held the other day. Some twenty years ago a client paid into his current ac- count the sum of £300,000, contempla- ting the purchase of a property. The purchase was not completed, and ap- parently the client could not make up his mind what to do witli tho money, for there it remained at I per cent. This was equivalent to making tho bank a present of £0,000 a year, the ilifi'orence between what they were paying him and what they made by simply holding the sum in consols. However, this half year the money has been withdrawn, but no doubt it will become traditional among bankers as a curiosity in bank- ing- _ 