GRAVE AND GAY. The man who is soared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. Teacher — "What is too passive mood of the verb "to work?" Johnny — " To loaf." v -r It is odd bnt true that -one can best judge of a woman s character when she is walking. Doctor — "You oough more easily tt,, msrning?" Patient— "1 onght to; i practised all night." When the boss ot Russia orders a tbmg to bo done toe slave says, " Yes, czar," and goes and does it. - - -: In the case of a telegraphers' strike it is just a little doubtful who would hold toe key to toe situation. Can anybody give a good reason why clocks should not strike when they are required to work over time ? J ohnny — " Pa, did you know ma before yon were married ?" Pa (with a sigh)— " I thought I did, Johnny." " Is JenkB - in the swim nowadays t" "Guess he must be. His beet girl has just thrown him overboard " "You tMnk my boy is bound to make his mark?' Teacher— "I am afraid so. It seems impossible for Mm to learn to write." He — " And what would you do if I tnii.il you?' She (with dignity)— " I'd call mamma." (After a pause). " Bnt mam ma's ont this evening." Ethel—" Do yon allow Charles to kias yon when yon are not yet engaged to him?" Maud — "It isn't an allowance: He calls it a perquisite." \- Miatrees — "I wish I knew how to have my photograph taken ao as to please dear Charley:" Familiar maid — " Let me ait for you, Miss Emma." Man wants bnt little here below And gets it if he can ; < But woman asks for even leas — She only wants toe man. " There is mo earthly excuse- for - a tailor- who tares out poor work if — — " "If what?" " — he takes toe right measures to have his garments fit." "I consider your set mnoh beneath me," eaid toe weathercock fowl to one in toe barnyard. " You're a vane thing," was the quick retort. " Say, pa," said Freddy, " why is it that when you or Uncle George tell a story yon always get laughed at, and when I toll one I get a liekin' ?" Wife (angrily)—" Yes, before yon mar ried me, yon confessed yon loved me." Husband — "Yes; ard I had nothing taken off my sentence for doing so, either." " Look here, old chappie, just introduce me to yonr pietty cousin." " All right, 1 11 do so : bnt mark, if ever vnn miTn her, don't lay the blame on me." She was a very little girl, Yet strong men fled in fright, Because, you see, that little girl, Was gomg to recite. " When Mr Higgras asked yon to marry him did you tell him that he must ask your mother ? ' " I did, but he said she'd refused him lnng before he ever thought of asking me." 