THE lLASS THAT LOVED A MINER.J SBY J. MllONK FOSTER. autb or, of ) Slaves- o' Fate," " A M er's Mnlion,' " The White Giyy," " A Pit Brow Lassfe,' etc. A ]IAN'S FXUUBE SPRANG FPROM THIE SHADOWS. SYNOPSIS OF PIRELOUS CHAPiTES. CnHAPT? I. to IIM-Shadach Deane, acolliorat Ambenwood, effects the rescue of a fellow-workman named David Southort, who was imprisoned by a fall of roof. Southworth's brother introduces him to a factory lasie, named Nnunie Wilson, and au intimacy springs up which ripens into affection. CHAPTER IV.-AT TiE3 FAIR. It was a Saturday evening early in the last *of the autumn months, and, for the time of year, the weather was exceptionally fine and warm. The sun had gone down an hour or two ago; a fall moon of deep yellow hung low in the heavens, and overhead the' pal , stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway -of the skies. All the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town of ollingford were crowded with people who were making their way-some in carte and waggonettes,. others on foot-towards tha wide patch of waste land on which Holling ford Pleasure Fair was hold twice'a year. Among those who journeyed on foot were Shadrach Doane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wilson, and with them were several pairs of lads and lasses from Amberawood village and like themselves all were bent on a night of rollicking enjoyment. All the members of the party were in the highest of spirits, and as they strolled along two by two, each lad with his lass on his arm, they chatted in the gayest-tones, laughed perpetually. andmade morryafterthethought less, light, hearted fashion of young folks who have money in their pockets and plenty of fun before them. Presently Shadraoh and Nannie and their tfriends entered the ancient-looking and tri. angular-shapod Market Place of Hollingforil Here the vehicles were landing the country people, and th se n presented was one of -tholiveliest kind, for the wide space was ab aolutely packed with all sortm and condition: rof townspeople and villagers; all manners and kinds of stalls and hucksters' stands . while the air rang with every variety of noise. Butchers wore vending their meat in atentorian voices; the sellers of cheap prints \- and odds and ends of drapery were extolling their wares to the unsophisticated country women; dealers in cocoanuts, fruit and . confectionery were belanding their goods in o uncertain tones ; while men and women, lads and lasses, and young children of both ~ :o-me-presseL hither, thither, this way, andi that towards their different destinies. Without much difficulty our party of yong friends made their way through this zmall Babel, and in a minute or two were going along Mesneslane, the narrow street, oid of side walk, which gave access to the fair ground from that side of the town ; and Ssoon they were amidst a great Babel which ': dwarfed the one they had. left into insigniid ,...-eanae. . . To those who are familiar with the Lance S'hire fairs held in popu!ous oontres the scene ' which presented itself to Shadraoh and his -; friends will readily suggest itself ; and to S those 'who are not acquainted with such Scarnivals of the masses, a few words of des S.oription may not prove amiss. The Fair Ground was an irregularly shaped piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of : yads long and only a.trifle less in breadth; t was unpaved and unsewered, and during wet weather it was little better than a stretch of mud, while in the dry season it was'only a desert of dust. At the time Shadrach and the thers paid the place a visit the ground was hard and dry, the dust having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of the fair was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, pro. ,duced by the laughter and chatter and ex •dlamations of the people, the noise of braying bands of music playingin frontof the booths, the exhortations of the showmen to "Walk ap! walk up!" and view the wonders to he seen alone within their walls of wood and -oanvas, the clatter of huge "riok-racks" swung in strong hands, the screaming of. blatant trampets and bibulous trumpeters; the sharp reports of the guns at the " shoot ing galleries;" the rattle of the "little horses;" the whirr of the "flying boats" and other sounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. And then the shows. First and. largest was the travelling circus with its blown, acrobats, bare-back riders and dancing girls -the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, Sand capering about the platform, in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping ?crowd below. SThen came the "Galleries of Art"-big peep-shows with various pictures; next the ghost shows and conjuring shows, so sugges tive of inexplicable mysteries to the seuple .mind. Next were the shows containin the Mammoth Stallion and the Miniature ony the Patagonian Giant, the Russian Dwarf, and the Circassian Beauty, all for one penny the boxing show where a huge black, and half-a-dozen villainous-faced pugilists, in. vited the best man in the crowd to a game of Sfistiounfs; the pea saloons, where the lads and lasses were regaling themselves with plate fuls of boiled black peas; the toffy and cake .stalls, where lads were trying to win tooth. some morsels by speculating their pence and half-pence on the "turning-boards," as the round disc and the spinning pointers were -called; while over all was the howling soreaming, hooting, hissing, discordant uproar of Holingford Fair. With Nannie on his arm Shadraoh forced his way alongside the front of the booths, .and the rest of the party followed as best they Scould at their heels. Each of the young men had a "poeket full of money," and as each was out with his favored one, there was no -thought of sparing their well-won cash, S They went the whole round of the shows, \- .seelng all there was to be seen and enjoying thbenelves to the utmost in their own simple S fashion. Then, when the booths were e .. -anstedthey repaired to the swings, to the "tickling boxes," and the shooting ranges, where numberless pennies were expended in the vain endeavor to find the bull's.eye and -ing the bell. At was while the young miners were hand eng the gans and their sweethearts were standing behind watching them, that one oi \- . onnie's companions touched her quietly on the shoulder, remarking in alow tone:- S"Look over there, Nannie." "Where? What is it, Peggy?" the girl . 'asked as she turned round. - "There, beside the horses. Don't you see "im ? It's David 8outhworth." " Oh; I see him now," the lass responded. " T ehe isedodgingawavamong the corowd. .Let him go. I don't care for him, and I S:ever did," Nannie said, warmly. " But you hoald have seen the nasty loo' n mhsi face, Nannie, when he saw us all her- together, and Shadraoh there with us. H eais last looked as if he wanted to throttle some. b ody-very likely Shadraeh there."' - " " But why should he, Peggy?" "Because you have chucked him over, I ,aresay." (8t^i) "Chuoked him over ! How could I ohuno him over when I never kept his company?" " David used to say you did." " Then he told a lie." "Well, everybody..lmows that he likes you," the lass named Peggy responded, "An' now that he has seen you with Shadraoh he's certain to work you both all the ill-will he can." " Let him l" Nannie cried, stoutly, feeling quite safe in her love and her lover's keeping. "I can take care of myself, and I dare say Shadraoh can do as much for himself." As the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with her eyes, and saw David Southworth again. He was standing behind . a group of red-oheeked and plump bodied country women, and, owing to his great height, was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was just balancing the gun at his shouldr 'prepara tory to firing. She watched David keenly. There was i deep :escowl on his great dark face, and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felt instinc tively that Southworth's soul was moved to its warst depths, and that he would not soruple while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Just as that thought flashed through Nannie's mind she saw David turn, his eye caught her's for a moment; she'snubbed him with a look, and he strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so, she considered, she was not to blame for any disappointment he might feel at that moment. Half an hour later, when both the young men and their sweethearts .had drank their fill of noise and fun and frolic, they all set their faces towards home, taking a short out, which led them through shady creen lanes, quiet woodland and sweet smelling meadows. _ The great yellow harvest moon was now sailing high in the dark vault above, and the peaceful country seemed doubly delightful after the bustle and olangour of the over crowded fair. Besides, the young folks wore young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world. They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and ginger bread and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church at Amberawood was striking eleven when Shadraoh Deane and Nannie Wilson said good night to each other at the corner of the Fox and Goose. They had parted and each went home ward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived only a stone's throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall Lane for the distanoe of half a mile. There were no lamps in the lane, and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, but under the trees the shadows were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swingingcarelesslyalong, obliviousof every thing bathis own pleasant thoughts, Shadrach was nota little startled when a man's figure glided-almost sprang from the shadows, and a deep voice exclaimed: "Is that you. Shadraoh Deane? Wait a minute, for 1 want to speak to you." "Hello, David, is that you?" Dean responded, amiably enough, as he recovered from the momentary shook, and recognised the man he had snatohed from death. "- Yes, it's me, Shadrach," the other made answer, somewhat sullenly,, as Shadrach came to a standstill.... "i'm glad to see that you are all right again, David. I supyoso you'vestartedwork at last, I heard so." " That's not what I want to talk about. Southworth snapped out, in an aggressive tone. " What is it, then t" Shadrach asked, as he realised in a flash the purport of his fellow miner's presence there. " It's right about to-night-about you and Nannie Wilson I What claim had youn to take her to the Fair? What right have you to come between her and me That's what I want to know, Shadraoh Deane I" Southworth eJaculated. . " You've no right to ask me such questions,. Southworth-at least, I. think not." " " Haven't II Nannie was.my girl before you came here, and now-" "She is mine l" Shadraoh added, firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. " Is she? Don't be:oock sure about that. You've mb to rebkon with before- that job is settled",. . "' . - . i "But if Nannie doesn't care for you ?' "She used to care for me-would have cared for me still but for your interference. I'am very sorry now, I can tell you, Shadraoh Deane,'that I should have to think that. I :ove my life :to -you,' Southworth said, bitterly. " I'm sorry also that anything should have come between us." " If that is so you can easily mend matters." I " How P" " By keeping away from the lass alto. gether-as yon ought to have done all along. Didn't my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping company ?" " He did tell me, and I believed what he said at the time. But now- " " What now ?" " I know he told me a lie !" "How do you make that out?" "I will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her, Ilasked her if it was true that she was en gaged to yourself." ." And what did she say ?" ," She denied it most emphatically, and said that she had never given you the slightest reason to think she cared for you. After that I had a right to speak for myself ; I spoke and now the girl is' engaged' to me. " You mean to marry her, then ?" "I do-as soon as'I can make hera cornm. fboirtablo horndI'l" Shadraoh replied. " And I swear that you nevershallmarry her while I live I" David Southworth hissed in husky tones. "Before I'd see her the wife of another man PI'd shoot her-and the man tool Imean it, Shedrach Deane, by heaven I do, so you can't say I've not warned you I" With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off, and Shadraoh parsnued his homeward journey. CHAPTER V.-- SourvnwonTr 'S GCStarrUD. .One morning, about a week after the oourrence of the events chronicled in the preceding chapter. Shadraoh Deane stepped out of the cage at the bottom of the Oeali fomia Pit and made his way with half a dozen moreminers towards the oabin, about whish a small orowd of colliers and their drawers were waiting to have their Davy lampsexamined. Into the little cavern hewn out of the solid rook the men and lads passed one by one, ao cording to their " kail" or turn, and when the thm network of fine wire forming the lamp gauges had been carefully scrutinised to see that there were no defects in the meshes -when the lamps had been lighted and securely locked, the hewers of coal and the drawers thereof made their way out by the other door of the cabin, and proceeded to their allotted places in the mine. Presently Shadracoh's turn arrived, and he placed his lamp on the table for' the official whose business it was to examine it. The fireman stretched out his hand for the gauzes, looked up as he did so, and replaced them on the table instantly, remarking inan off-hand way: "It's no use examinin' them yet, Shad rach." " How's that?" Deane asked: "Because," the fireman replied, as he pro ceeded to examine the next miner's lamp, " thy place has fallen up." " Whereabouts?" "In the middleof the drawing road. But don't go up the pit. The underlooker will, very likely, set you clean up the fall, Wait at the cabin door till Bill Appleton comes." Shadraoh said he would do as the fireman suggested, and piekingnup the various pore tions of his Davy, he fitted them togetherand went outside, finding a seat on a full tub of coal near the doorway. He had not been sitting there many minutes before the lad who drew for him came down the pit, and Shadraoh called for his assistant, and told him of the fall of roof which had taken place in their drawing road. The youth received the information without comment, and seated himself beside his malittle later David Southworth passed them. The two miners exchanged glances, but no words. Since that encounter in Tinstall Lane, now a week past, the rivals had not exchanged a syllable with each other, although they saw one another daily-often nightly also. Shadreah bore the other no grudge on ao count of the hot-even violent words David had used on the night of the Fair. His threats had been set down as due to the angry effervescence of the moment, and therefore not to be taken seriously. But there was no gainsaying the fact that whenever the rivals chanced to meet either below ground or above, David's manner and countenance denoted neither forgiveness nor forgetfulness. He glared at Shadraoh with set mouth, grim face,.ready, however, to burst into flame whenever oooasion de manded. On the very morning following their heated interview in the lane, David and Shadrach chanced to meet at the pit shaft, and to show that he bore no resentment, Shadraoh had greeted the other with a genial "good morning, David." But the only response vouchsafed him was a sullen grunt and a baleful flash of the small half-closed black eyes. Then Shadraoh had laughed lowly-though not so faintly as to be inaudible to David who had turned send denly as if half minded to resent his rival's sneer with a blow-or at least. a bitter and passionate exclamation. David, however, did neither thing. His scowl deepened and darkened until it became fiendish in its malevolence, then he went his way cursing in his throat. After that neither men threw a word at the other, and Shadraoh was pleased that it should be so. Time. be thought, would help to wipe out his rival's bitterness of feeling, and en. able him to think reasonably of the laqs he could not win and the man w'no had won her. Half an hour Blipped away while Shadrach and his drawe , little Jack Balines, 'sit. ting there awtg the arrival of th looker of the e. It was nearly now, and Th ookerion" and his were arrangi?he lines of full a waggons atthb pit bottom, in re or the beginninof winding operations. In the last 'cage before six, the man in charge of the mine came down, and Deane followed him into the cabin. " Hello, Shadraoh ; what are you doing here so late ?" the underlookes, Bill Apple. ton, asked. "The roof has fallen in my drawing road," Deane replied, " and the fireman told me to wait and see you." " Is there no place empty inwhich he could work to-day, Penton"' the underlooker queried, as he turned to his subordinate. " There isn't," the fireman said. " All the men are working to-day." "Isn't there room for two somewhere ?" "There's room for Shadraoh in David Southworth's place, I dare say," was Fenton's response. "And that place is a lot behind, isn't it, and wants pushing forward P" "Itis." " Well, Deane, I think you had better work with Southworthto-day. It's the next place to your own, you know, and it will be better than losing a day's work." "Anywhere else, if yon like, Appleton," Shadrack responded quickly. " don't care to work with David Southworth." " Why not P" the underlooker demanded. "Well, he's not the best of chaps to work with-is very disagreeable, you know: and besides we're not friendly. If there is no where else to work, I'd rather go back home." • " Oh, in that case you'd better go then but wait a minute. How much'dirt is there down in the road, Fenton ?" "Ten of a dozen tubs." said the fireman. "I think Shadraoh and his drawer could clean it up and bar it in aday." " Are all the datallers engaged ?" the un. derlooker inquired of his inferior. "They are." ' Then let Deane here and his drawer go to the job." Five minutes afterward Shadraob and his lad were on their way to their working place carrying with them a saw and other tools necessary to repair and make safe the roof where the fall had ooourred. ' - On reaching the fall Shadraoh, as an ex perienced pitman, was able to perceive at a glance that the fireman; Philip Fenton, had underestimated the amount of work requisite to be done ere the fallen mass of debris was removed and the broken roof seeured. But he and his drawer set to with a will. There was an old opening in the drawing road a few yards below the'fall, and into this the dirt was cast. When afternoon arrived the heapof debris had been all oleaned away, and all that remained now'to complete their task was to set a couple of bars across the top edge of the fall. Shadraoh and Jack had just lifted a bar to the roof, and were holding it there until it was secured by means of a "contre-leg" or prop, when something oocurrcd which startled them both. Suddenly there rang through the corriddrs of the mine a dull report as if a rifle had been fired some considerable distance away, and as Deane was turning to the lad to make some remark about it, another report, a thousand fold more mighty than the first, reverberated along the low, tortnoneus and far-spreading galleries, driving a bolt of dark fear and agonising despair into the breast and brain of every man and youth who labored in the pit. . • And close upon the heels of that ,tremen doune outburst of clangor came a deadly wave of air which hurtled through the roads andaoroess the working places with incon ceivable rapidity and power, sweeping all men and things before it. i Stout logs of timber wore snappod asunder like matchwood, broken bars wore torn from the roof and the stratan came clattering down; men and lads were dashed into the goaf or east with ruthless force on the flooror against the face of coal; full and empty waggons wore scattered as if they were band-boxes, and eovey light that was burning within many hundreds of yards of the seat of the oex. plosion was extinguished, leaving that part of the ill-starred mine plunged in impenetrable darkness and indescribable confusion and minery. Although Shadraoh and the lad were not in the direct line of the devastating ourrent, they did not escape its fury. They were flung senseless and bleeding against the sides of the drawing road, the log of timber they were holding up fell down with a crash; the bare they had fixed under the broken roof were torn out as it by a giant's arms, and the shattered masses of rook the timber supported rushed down, half burying the unconscious man and hislittle helpmate. The scene that followed the disaster would require the pen of a Dante to describe it thoroughly. Such a picture, when seen and felt in all its awful and harrowing details, gives one some notion of what hell may be. After the clangor and rush of the hurtling air came the rush for life, and the dense blackness was filled with the screams and prayers and imprecations of those who were seized with the horrid fear of death or were maimed and helpless. In that terrible moment many thought only of themselves. Fathers left their jhildren, sons forsook their sires, brothers forgot all ties of blood in their momentary madness, and rushed pell mell through the intense gloom for their lives. And Shadraoh Deane and Little Jack lay still as death where the blast had struck them down, and presently all about them was as silent as their own prostrate and motion. less forms. Some minutes went by and Shadraoh Deane struggled slowly back to consciousness. For a few moments he was unable to realise his situation, but the truth soon flashed upon him, and he attempted to rise to his feet. The attempt was a failure. He was weak, and bleeding from a severe scalp wound; several logs of timber pinioned his legs to the floor, and a heap of newly fallen roof weighed him down. Realising his inability to free himself he called aloud for his drawer. "'Jack! Jaok! Where are you Speak, lad, speak !" There was no response though he repeated his cries again and again. Where was the lad, he mused; Not killed, he hoped, with a hungry intensity of fervor that pained him more than his own injuries did. Then he put out his hands, felt here and there, groping in the dark like a blindman among the dirt and litter, and at length his fingers rested upon something soft and warm. It was Jack's face that Shadrach's palms touched, and the lad was evidently living, al though still senseless. With fresh cries he strove to arouse him, chafing his face mean while as well as his prisoned position per mitted; and presently Jack gave signs of returning consoiousness. "Shadrach ! Shadrach ! were the lad's first cries. Where are you, Shadrach?" " Here beside thee, Jack, but I am half buried and can't get myself free. Are you all right, lad ?" " I'm hurt a bit, and fast too," the little fellow replied cheerily. "But what's up, Shadrach ?" "I believe the pit has exploded; but I think we are safe, Jack, if we can'only work ourselves out of this. Do you think you can manage to get out and help me." " I'll try, Shadraoh; I'll try !" Jack cried,. bravely: and the man could at once hear the lad making desperate efforts to free himself from the splintered timber and fallen rooks which imprisoned him. Thecourageous efforts of the lad stimulated his master to the making of another desperate struggle, bat he was'pinioned as in a vice, and to fight further to free himself meant only ex haustion. So he resigned himself to his position with all the patience he couldcommand, and he lay there thinking prayers, if he did not utter them, that Jack might free himself qaickly, and thus aid him to regain his freedom. Suddenly a sound caught Shadraoh's ears that sent a thrill through him and caused him to listen with bated breath. The peouliar shufltmg sound continued, and be came more clear each moment; he knew that someone was creeping on his handsand knees in the dark, and his voice rang out in loud, hopeful accents " Who's there? For God's sake, b?equick and come here! I'm fast under sonpe roof and timber,'and my drawer fast, too '!" "Who are youe" a vo~se e t, and Shadracoh recognised the s "ter fis rival, David Southworth; . 7 "It's me, David-Shad D " Ah, it's you, is it?." came biwitha loud, eoerink laugh. "And you otme to help you ?' "For God's sake, David, help me), and little Jack I Be sharp, or we may both be lost!" "You're whereyoa'llatay, ShadradhDeane Iwouldn'tlift afinger to save you from hell. You stole Nannie Wilson from me, didn't you 1 Well, there's one thing certain you'll have to give her up now." Another brutal laugh came. floating along the dark road, and Shadrach's heart felt heavy as lead. He listened intently for a moment, andoould hearSouthworthshufiling away up the gallery. Again Deane's voice rang out--- " Southworth I For the love of heaven, do not desert this lad and me I Have you forgotten how I risked .my own life to save yours ? If we die our blood will be on your head I If you don't help us and we escape, I'll denounce.you to everybodyas a murderer; be a man !--not a fiend! Come and help us !" He paused. breathless, and listened. But he could hear nothing save the shuffling of the fleeing hound. Biting his lips in blackest despair, he fell back and prepared for the worst. (TO BE COrnTEuDn.) 