THE CENTRAL LEASES. DISCUSSION IN PARLIA MENT. Tlie Minister and the Land Court. Selection and Survey-Professional Selectors— How the Big Estates Were Built Up. The question of tho oentral losses and the necessity of early legislation vras dis cussed at length in the Legislative Assembly last night. Mr. Moroan moved the adjournment of the Housu to call attention to tho necessity oi introducing legislation to deal with the pastoral leases in the central division. lie hoped the debate would induce the Minister to bring in legislation this session, as it was necessary that something should bo done. There were 10,000 or 15,000 men directly dependent on theso leaseholds who if half of the leases could bo extended it was estimated from inquiry that IS, 000 persons would find work on these leases. Tho term of extension would be a matter for Parliament to decide. If legislation was put off till next Parliament everything would bo delayed for 12 months. They could not then immediately abolish tho pastoral tenants. They must be given time to realise. There was, he believed, lent to these tenants £15,000,000, and there was a groat danger to the colony if the policy of drift continued. It was necessary to legis late at once to prevent disaster, or they would find a state of things worse than tho bank crisis. Droughts and depreciation of wool values always meant deprosoion through tho throwing out of employment of labor and the roduction of piofit3. If that was so what greater depression must exist if these leases were not dealt with before thoy fell in in the middle of 1SU5. Ho had urged legislation on this subject nearly two years ago. He asked hon. mem bers to give the matter full consideration. There sag a company being formed to start a large freezing industry with six depots in the country and a centre in Sydney. That would employ 15,000 men, but the central division leases must bo dealt with to enable this to be carried out. Last year our wool clip was worth £11.714,000 and our exports for 30 years totalled £180,000,000. This ehow-ed tile importance of this great in dustry far above mining or any other industry of the colony. Altogether thero were 32,000 people employed in the pastoral industry directly, apart from the enormous Mr. Haynes generally condemned the Minister's andministration, and questioned if tho matter would he properly dealt with in tho end. Mr. Crick Bifid it would be impossible to pass a land law in this Parlia- ment, and he hoped the Government would not be led into attempting nny piecemeal action. As the law stood at present he staked his reputation that the Minister had no voice in tho matter. (The land hoard had to make a recommendation, which tho Minister could accept or refer to the Land Court which could sustain, Ivary or rererse tho decision of tho land board. The Minister was obliged to carry out the deci sion of tho Land Court, and could not say a word whether the leases should be extended orjnot.'Ile considered thero should be no ex tensions, and power of extension should not bo granted. Many of the lesseos had not applied for extension because the nature of the improvements was worth more to them than any extension they would he likely to get. There was a demand for land in the country uot only for agri culture, but far smaller pastoral holdings which must necessitate an increase of the ilocks. Tho land laws of this colony had done mora damage than the banks, and the great evil was that of freo selection before survey. When they touched the question ogain they would provide, for surveying. Thero was toogreatexpenso under the present system, and if the land was surveyed for settlement it would be a great advantage, far greater than any subdivision of rnns. He claimed that fur and away above the rights of tho monatury institutions who held the laud were thoso of the people who wanted the land. Preference should bo given to mou who had never selected over those who hud. Although they should not attempt the passago of a bill the Govern ment should lay its laud policy before tho Parliament prior to tho close of the session. Mr. WALK said if pastoral leases were to be resumed it should not be in the interests of the people who wonted to peacock land. The pastoral industry would not be confined to a few. They wcro asked to turn these people out of their holdings that others might come in, and they must bo careful what they did. If the pasto- ralists were in tho hands of the banks they hnd not made a great profit, and thoy should be treated fairly. They wore entitled to engage in the pursuit, but not to a monopoly, and there was a dasiro to induce more people to go in for pastoral pursuits. He denied that all tho land wae wanted for agriculture, and ho would seek to make provision which would centralise settle ments for agriculture. What had crushed the pastoral industry had been tho neces sity of squatters protecting themselves against thoso peoplo who had travelled tho country to tako up land and soli it again. There was no necessity to go for agricul tural land far from the railways. To throw open tho leases to-morrow would simply mean peacocking in ail directions. If the Government framed laws to settle agricultural population on tho land thoy hud the right to demand that tho conditions should bo fulfilled. He advocated tho in clusion of a provision perpetuating the residence conditions. A very large area of tho central division was not suited to or needed for agriculture.1 They Bhould sell the land at a nominal price, but on condi tions ensuring bona fido agricultural settle ment. Mr. Joseph Abbott said while every assistance should he given to those wanting to go on tho land, existing interests should not be unfairly treated. The agriculturists did not want all tho central division, and tho leaseholders wore entitled to full con sideration. The indiscriminate throwing open of land had not been an advantage to the community, and if it was continued would result in the further aggregation of large eatatos. He contended that legisla tion for tho central leases would restore con fidence ana do away with tho unemployed difficulty. Mr. Chanter regretted that the debate had been started, because no practical good could result in the present etate of affairs politically. The motion did not go far enough ho thought. As to tho termination of the central leases, tho people would de cide whethor they Bhould lapse next July. What the country party asked for was that every convenience should bo given to encourage people to settle on tho laud, and he thought the Minister disagreed with the manner in which the party proposed to accomplish this. Is was not so long ago that thero was no fixiiy of tenure, bnt lately the pastoral- iBts had had their holdings secured. Tho land had by various means been withheld from the people in favor of the pastoralists, but he contonded that it was a fair thing that the pastoralist with hie sheep flocks should give way to tho advance of settle ment and seek fresh fields and pastures inland. Ho ventured to say that moro employment was given to peoplo on the central division leases before 1884 than had been givon when fixity of tenure was granted for 10 years. On the 58,0110,000 acres held by tho pas toralists 32,000 were employed, but on tho 1,000,000 acres put to agricultural purposes 84,000 were employed, The return from tho 58,000,000 acros was £10,000,000, and from the 1,000,000 acres £3,000,000. If tho Ministry went to the country udvooating the renewal of one-half tho leases thoy would receive but little support in tho southern division. Now South Wales wanted to build up the prosperity of New South Wales as America did, by recognising that j the people should first show their bona tides on the land in tho shape of agricultural de velopment before thoy got tho fee simple. Instead of the leases being renewed they should only be held till the peoplo wanted them, and if tho system of survey before selection were adopted no confusion would arise. This question in tho next Parliament would not be a party one, and lie would support any Government who opened tho lands for tho people, Mr. Co i ei. an D said he freoiy admitted that a policy that might be suitable to ono part of the country might bo altogether unsuitable to other parts. Mr. Chanter had constituents in tho southern division who wanted additional opportunities for sclcc- tion. Many of theso originally came from Victoria, and ho could describe them in no better term3 than as professional selectors. (Hear, hear.) Air. Chanter: They have all gone. Mr. Cobeland denied that they hod. Under the Act of ISGi these saw a splendid opportunity of reaping a crop every year after sitting on a slump and smoking their pipes all the 12 months. It was not necessary for them co till the soil, as thoy reaped the crop from tho , squatters by transferring their land and then taking up anotner piece, wmeu incy iraneiorreu us . the end of tho prescribed time in the same way. In this way tho big estates had been built up. Thoy never intended to select any land, but held it for re-saio. Times changed, and thoy had to bo content with -a "crop" overy three years, and it liecamo necessary to extend the term of residence to five years, but still many of these people were carrying on the same stylo of cultiva tion— the cultivation of the squatters and the banks. Mr. Rae : Why not make it perpetual ? Mr. Copeland replied thnt his idea was to make the term 2S years, and the land must boar a family ail tho while, and if any transfer took place it must bo to another resi- dent. The people lie hud described were tiie class that Mr. Hayes and Mr. Chanter always raised their voices for. Mr. Hayes : I never have done so. An Hon. Member : It is tho same all over tho country. Mr. Copeland said that went to show that tho present system was. a bad one— (cheers) — and the necessity for a change. It was all very well to say that land adjacent to market should be leased for agricultural purposes, tho fact being that all that description of land had already been alien ated. He would never consent to throw: an acre of the land in the central division open until they had a vast change in their land policy. Why should they husto to part with the whole of tho lands. . They had to think of future generations, . who would want tho land more . than, people hero at present. There was hardly a selec tor — not 2 per cent.— who had cultivated the land. Ninety per cent, of them had not got their laud under cultivation at pre sent. He had already indicated many of tho features of this new bill. Thero should be finality of selection. He would advocate that, as it was in his opinion one of tho great levers they could use to keep peoplo on the land. Capital would always pur chase land, and he did not think they could limit the land of any individual, bus they should take care that the land was benefici ally used. . Before the land was thrown up he would iiko to see a system . of' 28 years leasee. The lessees should bo enforced to conform to regulations of residonce. He would like to see laud classified according to its vaino. Plenty of land was worth 22s 6d or 25s an acre, but which was not worth 30s. What merchant would attempt to sell every article ho had at one price. Thero were millions of acres of laud here which were not worth £1 an acre, and never would be of that value. They should provide moans to reduce the prico of inferior lands ami increase that of superior lands. He would not at present ad vocato giving any Minister or land board power to reduce tho value of land to 10s an . acre. It would be reasonable to put a just murket price ou the land. Under tho present law only tho Land Board and Appeal Court had power to fix the value of land. He, however, re gretted sometimes that he had not that power. Thero were strong reasons for changing their prcseut system in regard to homestead, snow, scrub and inferior land leases, They had millions of acres which wcro bringing in no value at all, such as malice, pine and various other Bcrub lands. . They could not get any ofifer for tliese lands. The best policy the Stato could adopt was to iuduce peoplo tu lauB up % iiu;u nxi uiiuos iuuus( ouiuu ut which would not feed a sheep to the 30 seres. These lands would grow splendid wheat crops, and brandy and wine could bo produced from them. His new Land Bill would be a comprehensive ono, Tho 1S84 Land Act, which was ol a comprehensive cha racter, took 11 months to pass. Although the 1889 bill did not contain auy radical changes, yet it was introduced on May 15 and was not finally dealt with until Sep tember 27 of that year. It was a physical and absoluto impossibility to doal with a bill this session. If a bill was introduced to-morrow containing oulyafowolauses deal ing with the matters referred toby Mr. Chanter within a week after it was printed twoor throe pages of notices of contingent amendments would be tabled by each memkor. Every- ono of thoso would have to bo dealt with nnd voted upon, . It was no use members making throats in regard to' him. < If he could not carry out what was honorable ho would not remain in office. Therefore throats would not have the slightest effect on him. His bill would bo a fair and equit able one. If he could not puss it he would puss nothing at all — ho would pass himself out of office. It would be quite impossible for this Uousa to close the session for two months, as there were tho estimates, the mining and oihor bills which must oi necessity bo dealt with. If there was a ghost of a chance ho would use what infiucnco he had with the Govern ment to introduce a hill if they couid pre vent members from swamping them with pages of amendments. It would have nUo to be distinctly pro vided that the land should not be dealt with until a comprehensive measure was decided by tho House. Tho present system was tho most wasteful one that was ever devised. Mr. Hayes said the reserves wore thrown open in such a way that the selectors could scarcely got an acre of them. A prico wa9 put upuu buum vrmuu nu auicuuuc tiuuiuunv, and tho consequence was that they only wont to swell the sizo of the largo estates. If the Minister went to tho country with the laud policy he had bceu advocating ho would find that tho people would not accept it. The lands should be thrown open to tho people who wcro prepared to make homos upon them, and he was Bttre the next Parliament would soo that thoy had tho opportunity. They should prevonl men from going in simply for trafficking in land. It wus tho duty of the Government to give every facility to thoso who wauled to settle on tho land, and as far as ho was concerned he would oven go so far as to assist them to put on their iinprovoinonts. Mr. R. B. Wilkinson said in dealing with this question they should consider that thoy wcro dealing with tho interests of tho wholo country, and not merely with ono particular claBS. There seemed to bo no difl'oronco of opinion with regard to tho desirability of settling tho people on the laud, but ho believed that tho course the Minister proposed was the ono which con duced most to that object. Tho sooner tho difficulty was solved the sooner would tho colony get out of its troubles. Mr. O'Suli.ivan regretted that the Minister for Lands had promised to bring in a measure to deal with the central division, as ho considered the matter should be dealt with in a comprehensive bill. He objected to tho flippant manner in which free selec tion before survey had been alluded to. He advocated that the 148,090,000 acres of unalienated land should be classified into agricultural and pastoral holdings. This would promote sottlemeut in the central division. Professional selectors had not boon so frequent as was imagined. In Biverina, to which the Minister alluded, there existed the finest yeomanry in the world, and lie took umbrage at the Minister terming them professional selectors. Mr, Cot'eland : I did not say that they" were all in that class. Mr. O'Suli.ivan, continuing, said ho thought the Crown lessees on inferior lauds paid exorbitant rcnt9. A clear cut distinction should be inaiio between the value of ciifi'ercnt lands. Ho would liko to see the American homestead svstcm adopted here. Mr. a' Beckett hoped that the question of the central leases would be aieposed of before the elo3s of Parliament. Air. Dowel said that one-third of the wool produced in Now South Wales was grown by the free selectors. Thero was enough land in the central division for set tleincn t without trenching on that already held. Mr. Cruickshank thought this debate was a most useful one, as by it thoy would foreshadow the future land policy of tho country. Air. Sheldon did not think tho House was properly constituted to deal with an Amending Land Bill. Ho hoped tho new Land Bill would bo ono of the first measures introduced in tire now Parliament. He did not believe that profo.-i i >nal selectors existed in such nuiuocrs as some persons considered. It any Minister introduced a bill containing the most drastic provisions that it was possiblo to on/oroe against what he might call the fraudulent use of land it would meet with very litilo opposition, and from what he could gather he thought that tho House and the country would welcome it ivitfi open. arms. Persons should be allowed to go upon the lands only under the most stringent provisions in regard to their bona fides. ' Mr. Donald said that if a bill dealing with the laascB about to fall due was not in troduced this session a calamity would .be qccnsiouod. Air. Hutchinson contonded that the land belonged to the peoplo of the country, and that the system of alienation should bo stopped. He advocated a system of leasing. Mr. Morgan, in reply, expressed tho hopo that before the close of tho session the Minister would introduce land legislation on the lines he had pointed out. The motion for adjournment was nega tived on the voices. 