OUR NOVELIST WON BY EOVE. ?-???—-* By tKo Author of ' Quadroon?,' ' A Brave Girl,' 8fc. ? y CHAPTER XXX. THE ADVENTURE. (Continued.) Presently under the shadow ot the trees they stood at no great distance from the house. To all appearance it was wrapped in heavy slumber. No lights hurned, unless indeed heavy 'nn-ntan-nci onri aVm+,+,firS P.nTlftfialed the rays of candle or of lamp. They crossed the lawn, turned a ~ corner and stood by a dark ancl nar row little doorway, which the young man had always believed to be con demned. But Jackson put his hand through » small hole in the wall beside it, and pulled a string. The door yielded and the three men entered. They were in a low, narrow passage, which the young man never remember ed to have'seen before. It ended with a door, which moved noiselessly on ; its hinges and opened in the main pas ' sage, off which were the withdrawing rooms, the dining rooms, library, music room, and that called the study \ library, usually occupied by the master of the house to write letters and see persons who came on business. A light burned in the passage and : the'.hall, but when they entered the library they had to open their lanterns. ; , All listened again, and not a sound was to be heard. To enter the study they crossed the music room, but it had a doorway of its own as wefl. -., The young man cast a 'sad and weary glanoe around as he went on. Then he entered the study! which was a cosy square room of moderate size, wiiha table, several chairs and shelves with some choice books upon ?--. them. ' One side, however, was . taken up with a curious cabinet, with folding ? door, and another, which the , , lawyer knew to be shelves, drawers, pigeon holes and somewhere a secret re ceptacle, where was Jconcealed what UUOJ OUUgllUi 'Now, what was the best course of proceeding ? There was one peculiarity in the * room, which we may as well mention at once. It had occasionally been used as a bedroom, when mj lord was sulky or desired to write late, and this portion of the room was cut off. from the rest ..by a heavy curtain. The lawyer put down the lamp on the table and turned to Jackson. ' Try your fortune,' he said, with a grim smile. Jackson had provided himself with skeleton keys, with other tools, and everything, in fact, which could open a lock without attraction. This was beyond their intentions. Jackson produced his little bag and went to worK. r-uu wnetner ne was clumsy or not, whether the instru ments were not so perfect as they seemed, and whether the lock resisted more than usual, he succeeded in making no impression. ' Have patience, sir,' he said, presently. ' I am not beaten. I have hjBPe some other tools which .-' may be made useful/' At this moment his face blanched. ' Someone is coming — aslow, steady, heavy footstep,' he whispered. All stood as if paralyzed. ' Quick ! Behind the curtaiu ! They come this way !' gasped Jack son. v All obeyed, and were soon holding their breath and peering through the slight fence of the double curtain. They had closed their lanterns. Then they made out that the foot steps were crossing the library, then themusicroom. Whoever it wasthey carried a light. It was with the greatest difficulty that any of them repressed a cry as they recognized Lady Roseleigh enclis lidbille, with her hair about her shoul ders, and a small lamp in her hand She was very pale and haggard, and for a moment they thought she walked in her sleep. But Boon they were undeceived. She put the lamp on the table, and ? took a key from her pocket — the key they wanted. ' Once more will I search for that accursed packet,' she said, aloud, \- ' the existence of which renders my life one long agony. Should Mortimer find it, and learn, more of the truth, I should be a lost woman.' She unlocked the cabinet, the three men gazing with perfect awe on the scene. Having opened the cabinet, she placed the key, a very peculiar one, on the table beside the lamp, and pul ' led tbe door open. .^h.,-^... Then came in view a small bunch of keys, with which she opened drawer after drawer, not examining the con tents, but' feeling wildly, madly for some secret spring ' There must be one somewhere,*' she said, aloud. ' Rather tiian let this suspense last I will call in a blacksmith, and let him hammer the cabinet to pieces.' n . ?' She stooped now to examine the lower part. As she did so, Sedgewick, who, like the others, had left their shoes near the outer door, and wore list slippers, elided across the room, and Dlaced his o — — .* *? baud upon the key. It rattled slightly, and the marchio ness leaped up, and turned,^ saying — ' Who dares \ intrude upon my privacy ?' Then she saw his face, as he stood' motionless with his hand on the key, looking her full in the face. '.Good heavens!' she cried, and, with a fearful shriek that resounded through the house, awakening its echoes, she fell backwards, on the carpeted floor. : ' This way lor our lives !' wliisper ed Jackson, dashing oqen the study . door, and leading the way-out into the passage. ' If caught, all is lost.' None wasted time or words, but, hasteuing along, were soon behind the door in the low narrow passage already alluded to. The door was open; they rushed along, darted by the path to the ring fence, and in ten minutes were flying along the road ns fast as their horse could carry them. Luckily they met no one, the ways followed being unfreqnented. Meanwhile several of the servants had heard the wild and piercing shriek, and had harried down to find their mistress insensible. She, however, soon came to, and looked round. ' Shall we assist your ladyship to your bedroom ?' said her own maid. ' One moment,' cried her ladyship, thinking. ' 'Tis strange. I^came down here to loot for a paper, which I wish to send to my lawyer. I was restless and thoughfoccupation would induce sleep.' ' But what frightened your lady ship ?' asked the somewhat alarmed domestic. ' Sure you did not see a ghost?' ' No. A burglar,' she said, with a cold and sardonic smile. ' Now I think of it, as I lay insensible more than one rushed by. But they are gone — alarm is useless. Help me to my room.' ? - As soon as she gained it she dis missed her attendants, and fetching a powerful cordial, seated herself in an armchair. ' . ' 'Twas he,' she said, with a shudder. 'For a moment I thought it was hi3 shade come to reproach me. But no. How like his father - in his sterner moments he looked. But what does it mean ? War to the knife. He has some inkling of that cabinet — if so, he must kuow of the existence of that packet.'' Her cheeks blanched whiter than ever. ' Somebody is working in the dark,' she muttered. '? Somebody is back ing him up. Who can it be ? Who is his ally ?J- ' A shudder convulsed her. ' Can it be Elliott ?' she asked her self . ' Can it be he has trusted his godfather. He never liked, me — he shows it now, though I am compelled, on occasion to employ him. By heavens, I see it all ! This man it is who shelters him, who is backing him up to annoy or injure me. Beware, Mfl. Elliott. A man in your position who conceals a felon— conceals a felon, did- 1 say ? Why, he has ajiouse not nine miles distant.'1 And she jose with a blaze of fury in her eye and rang the bell which communicated with her maid's room. The girl came, looking terrified aD-3 alarmed. She evidently shivered with fear of the burglar. ' Anything the matter, my lady ?' she asked, with chattering teeth. ' Nothing. Only before eight to morrow let one of the grooms go over to the village and tell a man named Beal, who is staying there, that I. want to see him directly. That is all.' } And she again closed the door, and began slowly to undress, her very soul steeped in gall and wormwood in relation to her eldest son, who had never injured her by word or deed. 