TREASURE BEACH, A BUCCANEER SEORV. i:on'ci,ujji:d. IV.—Mor.K TREAlHIKRr. lbs two captains baing onca inoro iu the Batno vessel it was mutually agreed that until another suitable ship was come aoroesj they should resume theirold relations. Gaslit accordingly resumed his position of lieutenant •with one reservation. This was, that he should continue to share equally with Flood an all plunder. l'ho amount of treasure accumulated by tho pair was uow considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, but also from each other, • it wus deemed dosirable that some more secure place than the ship should be found for tfcoir ill gotten gains. A hiding-place on shore was, therefore, sought out, and a favorable op portunity awaitod for the removal on shore of the most valuable and portable porliou of their hoards. One moonlight night, when the crew were all below, busily occupied iu their customary work of gaming and drinking.tho scheme was carried out. As usual when at anchor, no ■watch was kept, and Flood had taken the precaution of serving out an extra quantity of rum that night. About midnig-ht all tho io be totally incapacitated from any active in terference with the project. C.esar crept forward and viewed the scene below, through the open hatchway, with satisfaction. All of the mon were fast asleep, except a half-dozen or so, who still Bat round the tabic in a maudlin condition with half-closed eyes. There was no fear of any interruption from them, and he at otice returned aft and joined Flood iu the cabin. “Well,” queried tho iattur, “is all Bate?” “Perfectly,” answered Closer; “the brutes are nearly all dead drunk, and not. one of them could crawl on deck to save his life.-' “ Then the sooner we get our iittle job done the batter," said Flood, rising. “ You go ou deck and get the skiff alougside ; I’ll see about getting the 1 swag’ up.” The powder magazine opened off the cabin, and Flood unlooked tho door and •went iu with a lantern in his baud. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder ware ranged round. Picltinc his way throngh those, he opened a trap-door in tho floor at the far end and disclosed a low chamber underneath. Cesar meantime went on deck, and after drawing tho small boat up close under the Btern, he rejoined Flood below. A couple of strong wooden chests, clamped with iron at tin: corners, lay iu tho apartment beneath the magazine. One of those was quickly hauled up aud carried ou deck. With as little noise aa possible it Was theu lowered on hoard the skiff, and tho two men took their places beside it. The painter was then unloosed, and Ca't.ar taking the sculls pulled rapidly to the shore. Here the box vaa put ashore aud the boat hauled up a few yarda ou the sand. Tho spot selected for tiie roception of the treasure was at the cliffs on tho east side of the bay. Takiugthe chest between them, tire two pirates made tor this spot without delay. There was no path, and tho ground was rough and iu some places ovorgrown with ' scrub, but in a short timo the- summit of the rock was reachc-d. As we have already described, the cliff at this point rises abruptly from tho sea. About tlOIt from tho .op a ledge of rock runs aloug the face, on which a few bushc3 nud a precarious roc t-hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they carried their chest to tho edge of tho preci pice and then, fastening a rope to it, care fully lowig-ed it till it rested on this ledge. The othef end of the rope was then hitched to a tree which grew near, and both men slid down to whero the box wus. The rope was then untastened, aud the box \- to a .Dari- of tho .lodge whore the Lusaoa grew* fehioklj-. Parting- these naidb, a. email opening was discovered in tho face of the rock. Into this the cheat was tkru3fc, and although tho opening* was only a fow foot in depth, there was ample room. A few pieces of reck were piled in front, and whonthe bushes sprang back into their aatural position, the hiding-place was com pletely veiled. There was no way of reach ing the ledge except by tbe means described, and nothing was there to show that human Beings had ever been near tho place. Their work completed, tho two men pre pared to re-ascend. Flood was first, and fcad hold of tho rope to draw himself up. Suddenly he turned to C;\;sar, who stood close Behind him, and exclaimed :— et Halloa ! what*« up with the schooner ? Xook at hor quick !” C«3ar turned to look at the Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on tho moonlit mters of the bay. As he did so, Flood, ^uickas lightning, swung himself up the xope ; then, with one foot stayed against tbs ttlill, ho threw out tho other, caught CV-sar fairly between the shoulders and hurled him Over tho precipice. It was tho work of a moment; but whether the result of a preconceived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avaricious and murderous thought, can never be known. 3Tlocd paused till he heard the splash of his victim in the water below, and then hur riedly ascended the cliff. On the top he lay down aud looked over the edge fonsome time. The bottom of the precipice was in deep shadow, and, seeing or hear ing nothing, he concluded hia murderous work had been, successful. Hurrying down to the beach he launched tho Ekiff, and at once rowed off to the schooner, jtfaaioningthe boat alongside, Flood cautiously Clipped down tho cabin stair, tossed off a Bumper of brandy, and sat down to think. After a little he got up and repaired to C»asr’s sleeping berth, whero ho found a cap belonging to his lata comrade and partner. With this in his hand he went on deck, listening at the fore-hatch he found all quiet, find going to the aide he pitched the cap overboard. Ho saw it slowly drift astern, and theu, running forward, he shouted down tbe hatchway to tho sleeping crew :—• “Man overboard! Wake up, there, you drunken swabs, and lend a hand here V* Three or four of tho meu had recovered sufficiently from the effects of their orgie to respond to his call, and staggered ou deck in ft halt-dazed condition. “Look sharp,” Flood cried; “ Crosar’s got drunk and fallen overboard! Haul up the boat and get in, some of you.1’ Three sailors jumped into the skiff and pushed off, Flood standing on tho taffrail to direct their movements. • “There he is,” he called to them, pointing astern ; “ there he is, just- sinking for the third lime ! Pul 1, you brutes, or you’ll lose The men rowed as best they could iu their flfcili muddled state in tho direction indicated, bat, ot course, saw no sign of their lieu tenant. The cap was picked up and identified as Ciesar’s, and it was thereupon concluded that tho worthy had gone to tho bottom. Thus did Flood satisfactorily account to tho crew for hia lieutenant’s disappearance. Next forenoon the Mosquito was gone, and the. little bay once more deem ted. Flood Xiiaited—“ (Fesah’s Ghost.” Two months have sped past, and we again fiad tho pilot schooner snugly moored in her favoriio place of retreat. During this period Bhe had been cruising about tbe inlands with indifferent success. Some small Coasting craft had been overhauled and a plentiful supply of rum and other liquors procured, but no large or valuable prize had Been como across. Plunder having become scarce, the pirates gave vent to deep growls Of discontent. They attributed the failure of fche cm tee to Flood's lack of enterprise, and the want of Cwsar’a guiding hand and coun 1301. The^ captain’s position was getting most precarious and uncertain. Ho managed to keep the men quiet by liberal allowances of arum, but there was no knowing wbeu they aught break out in open mutiny. Discipline Was a thing of the past, orders openly disregarded, and even at sea a haphazard jjfcfite of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates •1E0 not different from others; so long as they obeyed orders and had an efficient SGEmv-iuder in whom, they thoroughly <£?6> baueved, things rubbed along pratt smoothly. This check once removec howc7er, and license became ratnpaiil making it. only a question oi time foe the ini evitable collapco and reckoniug. '1 1'lood determined this should be his lai) visit to the bay in tho Mosquito. His euereit’ were now centred on securing °hi ill-gotten _ wealth, and then leaving hi ship and it- crew to their fate. Hi.s'"owj share of the plunder was safely ashore, bij Ciosar’s—the most valuable portion of whicj ha had uncarcmonionsly appropriated— v.-i] still aboard the schooner, it was now hi! care to have it also securely ensconced in till recess of the cliff. That once accomplished] it was his intention to again put to sea, am] either run tho Mosquito ashoro near a settle] raent or seize some othor favorable chance rf quitting hisnofarious occupation. Tho third night after the Mosquitos re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasuro ashore. Once more after darkness had set in he rowed ashore in the little skiff. This timo he hud to content himself with taking tho most valuable coins and jewels, the box being too weighty for one person to carry my dis anco aide. A small bag was all ho could taka with safety, and with this he quickly scaled the heightjm.i dowered himself on to the shelf of rock. Here ho found tho chest, and its contents untouched, and hastily adding his precious burthen to the heap, he again retired. A few steps orougni aim to ilia tp,.r.at which hehad loft the rope dangling from tho summit. Ho at once prepared to nacend, but, to his consternutiou, the rope hud dis appeared 1 Casting a hurried glance up the cliff, ho saw n man leaning over tho edge, pulling it up hand over hand. A loud impre cation escaped Flood’s lipa, a laugh of triumph and den-ion came in reply, the few remaining feet, of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at euce concluded he had been followed from the ship by ono of his crew. He was in a terriblo fix. From his men he knewhc would roceivono mercy. Both his treasure and his life would be BacriSoed to tin ir feelings of greed and rovengo. Again, tiie horrible thought "struck him that it might be the intention oi his follower to say nothing to the rest of iho crew, but simply leave him to dio a lingering death on j tho ledge. Hither alternative was dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himself down on the widest part of the shelf of rock, be cursed his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prevent his movements being known. Hero we leave him, meantime, and return on board the Mosquito, where another strange -cone was being enacted. When Flood left the schooner ho believed She. men were all a-lecp, or in such an in toxicated condition as to be incapable of leaving tho fore-cabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as usual, some twenty of tho pirates found themselves still comparatively sober and the liquor all gone. This was a state of affairs they were not accustomed to, and calls at once arose for more driak. The captain, they believed, would have retired to rest by that time, but nevertheless they resolved to rouse him up. More liquor was wauted, and more they would have. After some talk, three of tho crew were selected to proeee-d to the oabiu and procure mote rum and brandy. The three chosen were Davis the boatswain, a burly Welsh man : Harley, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; and Schneider, a Dutch sea man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Here they were surprised to see a light still burning, but boldly descending the companion they pushed open tho door and entered the cabin. Alighted lantern swung from the ceiling, bur. Flood was nowhere to be seen. They searched everywhere, but, of course, the captain could not bo found. In their muddled state, it took them some tune to realise the truth; but when they did so they at once raised the alarm. All the *»kpr -uiainoe ttielr ert,»cs and of their legs immediately flocked to the Itt-Wi At first it was conjectured Flood must have fallen overboard and mot the same fate as Cmsar. Soon, however, the boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been abandoned. Kveryone now rushed into Flood’s cabin. Chests and lockers were broken open and ransacked. A plentiful supply of strong drink was obtained, and the pirates to the number of some twenty or thirty, made free with all they fancied. Some gathered round the table beneath the lantern, some sprawled on the lockers, others on the Schneider, tho Dutchman, being the soberest man in the company, acted as "master of the ceremonies." He sat at tho end of tho table facing the cabin- door. Be fore him was a n ater-buckot, into which a dozen or two bottles of runt and brandy had been indiscriminately emptied. This mix ture iio measured out freely in glasses, bowls, and pannikins to all who applied for it. Needless to say, ho was Kept well employed, and more than once more bottles were added to the contents. Ore by one the nirvtes dropped on the floor dead drunk. .Some, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives wore drawn and pistols fired amidst blasphemous shouts and yolis of fiondish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of tho wretches retained eufrieient sc-n-o to be able to sit round the table. Schneider roared and yelled like _ a very demon, and was ably seconded in ilia efforts by Hurley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, in a maudlin condition, shouted enalchcs of buccaneering dittic3 of the gros sest description. “Fill up again, boys,” criod Schneider, struggling to bis feet, “ fill np to do brim. I vill give you a toast, and 1 viil shoot de man who does not drink i‘.” So saying, ha pulled out a pistol and laid it on the table in front The pirates round the table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast asleep. " Coine, walto up, Pedro ! ” roared tho Dutchman. “ Wake up ! No skulking here, I tell you !” and ho seized tho noaro by his shock of woolly hair and raised hie head. The black’s eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, but on Schneider relaxing hi3 grip his head at once sank down again. Vat 1 ” screamed tho Dutchman, “ you vill not take your liquor, you black tevil? By gar, bnt I will make you take it! If you vill not take it inside, den you shall have it With these words the drunken villain plunged his pannikin into tho bucket of iiquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over tho negro’s head. Tho liquor saturated his curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck and face. The Dutchman's joke was received with shrieks of laughter and wild applause. Pedro, however, was too far gone, and lay perfectly still in his, drunken stupor. " Now, ” said Schneider, rofilliug his mug, “ ve vill havo our toast, boys. Hero’s to the Mosquito and her new captain, whoever fee may bo, anrl speedy death to Flood, the traitor! Up, boys, up! and altogether. Hip, hip, hur-” the cheer died away on his lips, his face blanched, and with staring eyes riveted on the doorway, he stammered out in a hoarse whisper— “See! See! my Gott, Cmsar’s ghost !” The pirates instinctively turned, and there, sure enough, haggaid and wan, but gazing sternly upon the horrible scene, was the figure of their late lieutenant. 'Davis, tho Welsh boatswain, sat next to Schneider, and was the first to regain his composure. _ ; “ Ghost or domon! ’’ he cried, “ I’ll try him with a bullet!" and seizing hold of the Dutchman’s pistol, which still lay on the tablo, ho levelled it at the figure in the door way. As ho did so the figure held up his hand as if about to spoak, and at tho same time Schneider threw up the boatswain’s arm. Crack went the pistol, hut the aim was opoiled. The bullet crashed through tho lantern which iiung above the table. The cord wa3 out and down it rattled. When it struok the boats it burst open, and out flow the blazing wick. In an instant a lurid light illuminated the cabin ; a yell, as if from the throats of a hundred demons, rang through the room, and Pedro, the negro, sprang to his feet, his brandy-saturated he.id in quo ter rific blaze! Xow took place a acme "which ba files lescription. lfiom ond to cud or the cabin he black careered, overturning tables, seats, lr.d the drunken pirates in his desperation. :Vt last lio stumbled over a fallen bench, plunged head- foremost against tho magazine ioor, and tho next momeat rolled with his blazing head right in amongst tho flasks and kegs of powder ! Oajsar (for it ra tho lieutenant still in the flesh) sprang up the cabin shirs and rushed to the side. Without a moment’s hesitation ho dashed overboard, and ^ as he did so a terrific report- rang in his ears; | tho deck of tho schooner burst asunder ; an j immense volumo of flame shot up to tho sl:y, and the sea around wa3 in an instant churned into foam by a shower oi burniug timber, shattered masts and broken putnks, mingled with which were the charred and battered fragmen!s of tho Mosquito s lawless oiew. Cmaar caught hold of a plank and gazed around him, tho only living soul on tno face of the sea. At length he reached the shore and crawled up on the beach as tho iirtt streaks of dawn gihiod the eastern sky. 