A NEW NERO. BY EDGAR FAWOET. Author of "An Ambitious Woman," "Th> Evil Men Do." fee. ' CHAPTER II.—{Concluded.) The course of action wbioh I intended to employ now occupied many reflective hours. I coolly meditated upon my list of viotimi. They were seven:— 1st. My nncle, Malcolm Msuntetuarfc. 2nd. His son, Egerion, Srd. bis daughter, Blanche. 4th. His brother, Cecil Mountstuart. 5th. Angus, son ef ths preceding. 6th and 7th. The twin slststs of Angus, Edna and Olive. I am aware that mercifnl people will jpronounoe any such purpose, entering tbe mind of a man reared in codes of modern culture and _ habituated to the decrees of modern civilisation and refinement^ insanity pure and simple. But this charge, whether.polenUal or actual, I absolntely deny. Contemporary annals of aooiety bristle with records of crime. I oould quote hundreds of oases where assassination has been deliberately performed. Nona of these, if you ohoose, is so audaoibnsly 'and abominably flagrant as my owo. Bat whenever we can find evidence of a murder that has been coldly plotted and carefoDy raided out, there, I insist, is the semblanoe of«tbst larger iniquity into whieh I dhol Of oourse I admit that all horn! IB, in a way, insanity. Bat lengu ftl the would- be murderer feels, as I felt, ihat his destructive impulse oan be controlled .at Will, the enormous potency of - heredity and - "of physiological lesion Jaut( a be alone blamed for bis misdeed. IB that sense I would most gladly grant that all crime is of insane origin. Change the brain of Guiteau by almost inappreciable degrees, and it might beoome the brain of a patriot or saint. This point of viewis my only vantage-ground of justification. And yet I desire no suoh palliative. It most already have pearly been understood by the reader of these reckless and onoom promising memoirs that I stata faot and disdain sclf-czonse. What I was, I was. To declare that I oould help being wh*t l waa is to drop a plummet within the inigbty mystery of Bo-called free wtlL And who of all the greatest thinkers has ever yet been able to tall us that we are free agents, untrammelled by the tyrannous oauss and-effeot, whioh meana but a series pf links backward from to-day through oountlesa phrases .-of earthly exist* enoe? , . , My uncle Maloolm was a man of ihe warld, and a very attractive one. To murdwhim would be diffioult, chiefly because' of his admirable health. At home in Dyandotte X, had poisons that would work quickly. But* there is a great deal of nonsenst- tallied about poisons who is track is undiscovarable. UnoU Malcolm must undoubtedly be my steppingstone, my beginning. But I. hkd £Qt>- .*}» vaguest intention of beooming a bungling., assassin. On the contrary, I meant W,make myself a phenomenally adroit onto. My'unela was also a man of pleasure, with' muiyf^Uies - and few graver faults. An iadtilgbntfather, a warm and generous friend, easily mafrjtd }o obarity, though often forgetful 'trf^'whsBa' needs nntil reminded of them, lie had ths kind of charaoter Which crvates popularity, if it does not waken esteem. Surely in killing him I oould not help feeling *bat «het*3re» many whom the world could 'more eanly tiOTe spared;- »}> For several days 1 braoded/whea tlata, upon just the method .that it Would be safest i. to adopt. 1 In all these esven futm-sorimas I inust not merely dafy - 'detection, I must destroy it. The simple fsot ef ray reaahiog the Inheritance through, aeven aiiopepwre deaths would naturally excite suspicion ^Airt I wwiB'santious beyond worda. Wliat happened to each of my victims -most thapjian in^nah a, way ihat jno oae -could poasibly aoouseme of his or her death (unless by doing eo tibeApotlUr, oovered birasalf wilih ridianfo.. '• At length my plan grew plain .to pit. XJpele • Malnolm lcept late hour*, and opsnly confessed, always r ^ Umselfibr 1^ no matter how long aftei mf retired. Hip servaiit had orders oandelabrum at his bedside wfh' would light on tentsruig .hi» hi-. * oould be more natural than that'ne fall asleep over his'book, and that the wind from a casement -toot'far away shboid oanss one of ths oan^lss to bla^r* flams pi^gqnijj near ths large tester-whu^ bverthad His apartments were naar my owj •ff from the large saoond main haU^f ^ building. Ifound eut tbathisvalstlaft ten or fifteen rninntas aftst^h* ehtercd ^tai chambers. I had grown very intimate him, had aaen the candelabra* i;hii ployed, and had noted the .window laughingly beasted of keeping mtdlfaeAdM nearly sll seaaam- Wiis was so imar,|it*'jbad. that my exolamation of surprise at liitffiiMft*-^ - denoe caused no surprise. :' - r ; jvl "Oh, yes. Harold, Fm a tremendoot loinr of fresh air." . iC,— "But the draught,imcitol" - " There isn't an^ draught. - The wind tame-: times blows pretty hard into thtt rootti, bot ita current is stopped by the shut doom." ' : " ' your bed should oaten fire from the aanolu yon place so near it I" ...; ..;-. Unote Maloolm laughod agt&L; -Se )«aa Btanding near tbe bed as he spoka, and'feattad one of itB falls of tapestry, giving the brocadpd breadth a careless to*B.i- . o/s " Oh, no danger, toy. TtiSb? I ' M the mouldy old rags, but I let them atay-r^they'ie a bit of our Monntstuart history, yon know, After the - - Fourth slept, next morning Mountstuart, aneaddom, wtnoh was refused.' "I remembrr that our family ref] earldom in 1*71," I'answsred.' ,It'asMug«| to me to be detssitable just then should not be included in the plotting to attain.' ' *-«l»t Jupr'- 1 Dinner at Graydon Hall was' ths eveat bt the day. My traole rode, t^ayefl MlBqltjaa, drove, bored himself with matters . owned his es'taU, now. and then tq^ -hla skill at oheaa, and often flirted immodewdly, from morning until the hour for dinner. Indisputably bid he yet ' bare himsaif like a man of forty. " My brother Ceail,"tie.wOnld say to me, "is.five ysars my juniorj^Mul yet he lives there at his place in Statx- with his hunchback boy and his twin daagVtsFS, , Edna and Olive,- aa though he had ona> foot in the grave aad ! nearly half of tfcvMimr. I'm a deal more sensihla. r r*cognisii|he absurdity of niotl amusing one'a fcalf.'-'* ! ,«Cy. views may be heathenish, but I canJceotfl a. number of Jieathena wbo saueezedeome inther 'palatable jntoe *from. tbif-queer orange «fducistencs, after all."' ; Throughout the day ire guests at G^ay&on; did as we pleased. Otyep I would not*eaiay unole for hours, end entire sedusion, if I chose, waa possible. But at dkuMr'sre arrayed ourselves aa if for a ball, aad ewtcy dinner waa a banquet of prineely grandeur. Late in the evening those -who oared to do so would - assemble in tbe. smoking-room, an enchanting Elizabethan chamber, low osiled, with'mullionsd windows that gave' npon a garden full of hollyhocks and chrysanthemums. On the night when I intended to kill my unole it happened that by twelve o'clock only three men besides him and mjndl htd remained in the smoking-room. I had .prooured from two different ohemists in the neighbouring village two separate sleeping potions, each in itself a larire dose. These I had combined, and I meant, if I oould, to slip their colourless and comparatively' tasteless oowder into one of my uncle's late' potions of Scotch whisky and sodawater. The three men who still lingered in their commodious chairs zave quiet threats of indefinitely remaining. But atiast t heybetooktham selves a way, andmy . uncle and I were left alone together. X felt almost certain that he wqrfld desire.more to drink before going upBtajrs. He faad bfeen grouie-shooting half the day, and had plainly sou?ht to relieve fatitrue by oooious dntpghts of wine at- dinner. Indeed, he was visibly effected by what he had already drank; bis florid face was almost encrimson'ed, aad his speech though nnwontedly glib, was a trtfle thick. If he had really been intoxicated nobody would have oared or commented. He was a man who did, in all matters of personal deportment, precisely as he chpse, and Ilia great position, added to his native reckless and debonair audacity, successfully challenged scandal. " Ralph Southbrook ought to be ashatped of himself to leave us like this, Harold, my boy," he reclaimed, when the last guest had departed. " The idea of that fellow talking about his liver! I'm old enough to be hia father, and I'll Wager that I'll get on .my horse to-morrow morning and join tbe mMt at Haddiscombe without the ghost of a b*adacbe." I looked at my unole while he Ahns spoke. He sat in a great leatheni chairpuffins clouds of smoke from a choice cigar.. Behind him loomed a massive sideboard, loaded with glass and silver. . Aboye the sombre wainsoot. jnst over his gray, fluffyhaired head, gleamed an old portrait of a Mountstuart by Van Dyke, with a raff' and a pointed beard. I watched bim in silence "for a few spends, as one mtoht watch a painting of some jolly old wassailer by Rembrandt or Rubnns. . . L . " You will never get on yoor horse again," I said to myself. " In a short time bom now you will no loneer be alive." 