Essayist, FISHER'S GHOST AGAIN. (By Alwyn Bryher.) At Rockdale lately the hand of death fell on Mrs. Marry Hannan, the last actor in the world-famous story of Fisher's Ghost. Seventy years ago, this lady was then a child of thirteen years. It is not generally known that it was the quick eye of little Mary that first detected the murderer of Old Fisher, whose sudden disappearance so startled and perplexed the pioneers in the wild bush around the quiet old town of Campletown, that now so sleepily lives on in its undisturbed career among the frowning hills of that pretty district. But so it was. Her voice it was that first drew the attention of a local trooper to the murderer. And although seventy years have since passed, the events were quite vivid in in her memory and she clearly related them only a few weeks before she died. How Fisher's Ghost has puzzled with bewilderment both the credulous and the incredulous is a matter of history, as the spectre alternately took its midnight or all- night vigils on bridge or fence or in mid- stream, according to its humour, near the spot that kept the secret and the victim of that deeply planned and cold blooded mur- der. ' It was the spotted calf skin waistcoat that did it,' said Mrs. Hannan, when speaking of the event a few weeks since. It appears that Old Fisher had owned a pet calf, which died when only a few months old, and that an odd whim of Fisher's promp- ted him to have the tanned and made up into a vest, which he always afterwards wore, on weekdays and Sundays. The skin was beautifully marked with curious spots, and as Fisher was never seen out without this article of attire on, he at- tained a sort of notority because of it, in the district. That this rather eccentric old man was missed suddenly, and that his reported trip to England for a time silenced all enquiries as to his absence, are facts well known. But how suspicion, never wholly lulled, was re- vived and finally resolved into the conviction of the murderer I do not think are so well known. It came about in this way. The shrewd child remarked that it was a strange thing that the young man, who was reported to be left in charge of Fisher's farm should always wear this vest of ' many colors.' A trooper to whom she used these words thought there might be something in them. But a day or so afterwards, before he had made up his mind what to do, a man startled the neighborhood by asserting that he had seen a Ghost standing on the old bridge, and pointing down into the creek with its right hand. And strange to say it was dressed like Fisher, even to the spotted calf skin vest. Again and again was it asserted that the Ghost was seen in that vicinity, but in differ- ent places and in different attitudes and it always pointed to the water below. Black trackers were brought on the scene and patches of blood were found which were asserted to be the blood of a white man. And after several days of searching the body of old Fisher was found near the spot indi- cated by the Ghost. But the first to direct attention to the Ghost and the murderer was Mary, who after- wards became the wife of David Hannan, and a few weeks ago passed peacefully away at the ripe age of 83 years. Mary was the first white child born in Camden and outlived all others who had to do with the Fisher incident. 