~JTDRAMATIC' CRITICS EX PERIENCE. Air. Clement Scott, (the dramatic critic] recently gave an interesting account of his ex periences in the pit of the St. JV.mes's. The following is an extract:— " But how do you account for those first-night notices in the Daily Telegraph if he did not write them?" asked one. "My boy! it would be impossible, physically impossible, to do the work in the time. Hegoe3 to every rehearsal, and writes a little bit every day,1 . A very animated discussion was going on in ■ another section of the pit, in which my name was freely mentioned, so I thought I would draw a bow at a venture and join in the conver sation. " Excuse me, sir," I asked, in the most inno cent and artless tone I could assume, " but do you happen to know Clement Scott ?" " Know him ! perfectly well," and all hia people. He is a particular friend of my father. 't " What is he like ?" " Oh, a very old and decrepit man—nearly aa old, I think, as Mr. Gladstone, and, poor fellow, almost bedridden." "Indeed," I said to my confident young friend ; " how sad ! But does he never see a play now ?" " Very seldom. They carry him down to matint$s sometimes on an invalid couch just to soothe him, for the ' ruling passion is strong in death.' ' But does he never write V I insisted. " Scribbles sometimes like a child on a slate." " But who does the notices ?' "His ghost!" I turned away from my young friends to thrust my handkerchief into my mouth to avoid a burst of laughter, when I heard a chuckle by mvside. " We meet in strange places, air don't we J" said a young and very intelligent fellow. He evidently knew mo for he discussed all my criticisma with me, particularly the one on " The Masqueraders,' with which in the main he agreed. Bat though I talked to him for half an. hour, I really do not know who my friend was. Our discussion grew so warm at one time that I thought we should have been turned out. Fancy a dramatic critic being ignominiously ejected from the pit of a London theatre ! My friend would talk, and dragged me iuto the con versation, But having bean " spotted," I was determined to get some fun out of the confident youths who insisted J. was over eighty, bed ridden,and employed u ghost. Turning to the young fellow who really did know who I was,'I said, "I wish you would introduce ma to these gentlemen." He touched one on the arm and said, " May I introduce you to a gentleman who is very much interested in your conversation, who knows something about plays, and who is anxious to make your acquaintance " Delighted !" they all said. " Mr. Clement Scott." I never saw such a pitiful expression of horror on any three faces in my life. They did not rush out of the house. They simply melted into space. 