A GIRL'S SUICIDE. REMARKABLE LETTERS. A coroner's enquiry was held on April 3 into the circumstances attending the death of a housemaid named Emmaline Maud Harris, lately in service at St. Mary's School, Wantage, London, conducted by the Sister- hood of St. Mary the Virgin. The girl, who was 16 years of age, committed suicide by throwing herself into the canal. The evidence showed that Harris was very fond of reading cheap literature, and this may perhaps account for the remarkable statements contained in the letters which she has left behind. On the previous Thursday she received notice from Sister Henrietta, the Lady Superior, that her services would not be required after the end of July, the reason given being, that she did not do her work properly. She afterwards told a fellow-servant named Martha Emily Belcher, in a jocular manner, that she intended to drown herself, and on Belcher remonstrating with her remarked, ''You will see in the afternoon." Her body was subsequently dragged out of the water by the police. The following letter written by the deceased was addressed to the girl Belcher : — "I would have died without writing a word to anyone, only I would have the people know that I am sane, and that temporary insanity in my case would be perfectly absurd. Why I am putting an end to myself is that I am tired of my life. There is nothing to live for, there fore I shall die. I shan't be missed much, I don't suppose. They that shed a tear over me are more than stupid. The world is well rid of me. I'm sure I shall not rest in my grave before I have made the 'Sisters of Mercy' sorry that they ever set eyes on me ; before I have done with them I'll frighten two or three of them into the grave. There is only one regret leaving, and that is Mr. ——. I love him madly. He, I think, is the only one I am capable of loving. Give my love to mother and tell her I am best off where I am going. Farewell, I cannot write more. If any girl wants to be sent to the devil let her come and live six months at St. Mary's school. "Emily Maude Harris." "P.S. — For Emma. To be read after I am gone." Another letter was written to a young man for whom the deceased appears to have had a great affection, and was worded thus : — " Dear Sir — Pardon this intrusion, but die in peace I cannot until I have told you I Love you. Yes, love you with all the strength of my passionate nature. I am a stranger to you. You have never spoken to me— scarcely ever seen me. When you receive this I shall be standing before the judgement throne in Heaven. Let me tell you my story, and then perhaps you will pity me. My father and mother I never knew. I have heard that my mother left me in charge of the woman I now call mother. Two years ago I received a letter, as I thought from my own mother, telling me to meet her at such a place. I went; no mother ; but I saw the ghost of a woman in the act of murdering a lovely lady. That murderer was the woman I called mother. Since then my life has been one of misery. I have trusted you. I could not carry that awful story with me to the grave ; but for the love of God tell no one. I cannot write more. The poison I have taken is doing its work. Fare- well my darling. Forgive me, my own. I am dying. Heaven have mercy on my soul ! What would you advise me to do? Wait for my money and then hook it, or jump into the canal ? Superintendent Robotham deposed to find- ing a piece of paper in the deceased's jacket pocket when tbe body was taken out of the water. On the paper were written some verses entitled "Forsaken," containing the following lines : — In a room a poor girl lay dying, Dying, unloved and alone. Oh! how her heart was sighing For the time long past and gone. There was a time when she was happy As happy as the birds in the air; But that time is now past and gone, And she lay dying there. The following is a copy of another letter written by the deceased : — " To my mother — I love him. I will not show it. Who could help loving him ? I hate him. Oh, God ! what am I writing ? I shall go mad. Love at 17\. Is it fancy or reality ? A thousand times yes. She has got him. Oh ! What pain I have suffered through her. Still she may have him ; she will soon get tired of him. Oh, God ! I am going mad. Death would be wel- come here. Is this madness? Agony worse than madness. Death, kind pitying death, come. Mother, let me die. You will not weep for me. I shall soon be forgotten. If hell is any worse than this, I'll bet, if ever I get out of this crib, I don't go again to a re- ligious place, for I don't hold with such religion as this. Talk about Faringdon, 'twas heaven to this blooming crib. The jury re- turned a verdict that the deceased committed suicide whilst temporarily insane. 