THE MAINTENANCE OF THE CLERGY. To THE EDITOR. SIR,-I have read with much interest Canon Groser delineation of the " Quebec Scheme " for the maintenance of the clergy, and with him I admit that the voluntary system is unsuitable" not only for such a diocese as this " but to every other diocese on the method followed here," to and amongst the people needing the teaching of the " pure word of God " and the ministra- tions of " the Sacraments according to Christ's ordinance in all things that of necessity are requisite to the state" and for this reason among the many which could be given: There is, generally speaking so much fickle needs, so little fixity of purpose in our religious life, that we are ever on the alert to gratify the love of novelty in the sensational, that we expect the person so to adapt himself in his preaching to " prophesy unto us smooth things," and go with the tide of popularity, being " all things to all men " for the sake of an expediency to avoid " the pi iful picture " recently drawn by the worthy Canon. I say this is to *. generally," and why ? Because the major y consider their pardon not as the minister of Christ, "an ambassador on the behalf of Christ," but as an agent of an organisation to devise a code of morality and religion on the given lines of popular theology, forgetting or ignoring the fact that the Christianity of Christ, the principles of the Catholic Faith, can never become popular simply for the reason that the religion of Christ cuts at the very roof of human selfishness- s in all its varied forms. But I think it is very unfair to scold the laity as if they are wholly at fault in this matter. In stead of a f -w plain historical facts being kept before the laity, which show that the Church of England is not a sect of religionists but the Catholic Church of God f r the Anglo-Saxon peoples, and their being taught that the principle of almsgiving is a? much as principle of Christianity as prayer, the laity have been let almost wholly to themselves, to grow up unaccustomed to hear one word of the principle of almsgiving except at the time of a St charity sermon." Ham sure my good friend the Canon will pardon me when I say he seems to have a weakness to bombard the laity. PerhapS from his point of view he is light. I most heartily accord him honesty of conviction for his strong savings, but it always appears to me the better way to agitate and arouse interest and enthusiasm is not by exposing the failings of the laity as if they are entirely " the shocking example " to supply material for the " pitiful picture." Are not those in authority very much to blame for the sad state of things that, according to Canon Grower's letter, a revolutionary reconstruction of our Diocesan system is necessary to remedy the evil ? Judging by the authorised historical records of this Diocese (the Synod reports) one is tempted to ask how is it that in twenty years the general sustenance in and endowment fund amounts to only £4,563 and the local Butter. lationFacd to ¿£5,096,total £9,59. And when we come to find this amount is chiefly made up by the accumulation of interest on free orig nil A' ' capital subscribed, it looks as if there has been remissness not altogether on the part of the laity. Let no clergy rise to the true po iron and is a diet of their calling a- "file r sid r authority, and instruct their depth 'carries what is meant by the Church and not have the laity to imagine notions or frame ideas of their own about the church, that it is a human invention, but the creation of God among men, His kingdom on earth, that the Utty are citizens of the kingdom, endowed with such Amman says that lay upon them responsibilities which no citizen would be so upset ri< te, so disloyal to rh rk. Leiths parson, as God's minister, b Idly ask, Will a man rob God ?'' and put a side the considerations or self and self interests and show God is robbed "m tithes and offer rags." I feel there is a want of sincerity among clergy and laity which not only checks mutual co-operation but which also encourages the alien elements of the " personal," or as a dissenting periodical recently express id it, "the elements of in- dividualism and onnurfgatioiialifm." I am thoroughly in accord with the principle of a central fund from which all the clergy should receive their st pend., bat first of all I would like to say unless and fi lite plan is put forth, and the board of management is the eagle y representative at headquarters, so that the present general sustentation and endowment fund is increase! tenfold, I cannot see how the Quebec scheme, or any other scheme, can be introduced for sometime to come Self defence, which may by some be construed into selfishness on the part of the old established clergy, may lead some of the rectors to hesitate, and better the bad yon know than the bad you don't know." A man may be doing earnest good work in a quiet way and yet not be so popular as a girl tel and eloquent preacher, and the people may think a change desirable, but where is the parish or the district to be found for the man who is reputed " a failure," c stating the necessity of his removal because his parishioner s, for the sake of a change, tried to " starve him on' Granted a change is desirable, who is to bear the cost (no small item of removal ? I cannot understand Canon Groser waxing so warm over "non-s-lf- snpportingpatisbes" brief " far better off in the hands of a central district, accuracy than in the hands of the laity," when, without except on, B v^rl via the one "n3L-«l£-aupportii g parish " in the diocese, over and above all the rest. Yet the Cation answers "I am not a cuffe or, form advocate of this scheme because lama sufferer or have a personal grievance." I should think not, been a prosperous district like Beverley is noises- lf-sapportii go to the amount of about 6000 per annum. Neither do I see the force of the Canon's argument that it would be right and necessary, in order to uphold his self respect, to refuse the payment of arrears of his stipend from the proceeds of a concert, but in the case of any deficiency of contributions to a central fund, he would have no scruple, to take his pay. Now, Sir, if such is to be part of the system in raising the equitable assessment." what becomes of all the noise about removing the unsuitable man, so long as the amount due to the central fund is duly paid? People may grow and Canot s road harangues about whole } parishes " g <ing over to non- conformity," but a it seems to me FOR long as the assessment" is paid up, no matter what means are employed to raise the amount, thJ I a-son " cm 8 took on, held his rectory, and draw his pay." The clergy have so long and so leadly line themselves to those means for rain n? money by taxing people's pleasures, that they have strangled the spirit of Christian liberality During the hour of Divine service is the time when " every man shall give as God hath blessed him for the maintenance of the clergy and the propagation of God's religion. The offertory is the ecclesiastical and scalp tural channel through which all alms should flow ; but we have been taught to be pats monious in our arms and then resort to con- cert?, bazaars, fancy fairs, etc, No , the down grades by which the revenue for the adminis- tra son of God's kingdom is to be supplied. My idea of a central fund mema a strong committee of laymen elected by the vestries, to work in conjunction with the Diocesan Council. Each party to send two lee at representatives on the committee. The appoinment of an organising secretary. Until the general instanter n and endowment fund reaches an ad quite amount in capital to supply an incline by interest thereon suffi- even to contribute 350 for £62 raised loo only, a tithe of all off area is, co'lecttoLS and subscriptions should be paid over to that fund, towards accumulating the capital required. Then when sufficient capital has been raised. all off or tories and subscriptions of a local character should be paid over to the common fund from which the clergy should receive a monthly instalments the amount of their stipends, Each parish is to, be assessed to contribute annually according to its church population at a rate Bay at 5s. per head of their own clergyman's stipend (as I believe is done in the Episcopal Church of Scotland) and 2s. per head for church extension. Any parish in receipt of local endowment amounting in capital to £1,500, the interest thereon to be applied to the rector's income- independent of all local contribution If there should be any falling off in local contributions, then the Archdeacon should be d an official inquiry and let the committee finally settle the question on the principles of equity and justice to the rector. But the question arises how is the salary of an organising secretary to be provided P By the interest on the present amount of the general sustentation fund. In conclusion, I fail to understand what Canon Groser means by the curate's freehold." Neither the civil or the ecclesiastical law recognises such a thing in this colony. If such were the case, as a co are holding a freehold. in the case of insolvency it would be liable to sequestration for the benefit of his creditors. We follow the traditional custom of the Church of England. When a ! clergyman is give in the cur- of souls, he is instituted to that cure upon certain conditions these conditions are defined in the Clergy Discipline Statute), and the clergyman is instituted by the shop of the diocese to mark the principle congested by the Church of England that the clergy hold the ends of souls by Divine authority and appointment and are not the delegates of the laity to per- form certain offices of a social and religious routine of a mere sect or association of Christians. At their ordination they " received the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God." This idea of moving the clergy about like chf women on a board savours very much of attempting to tinker with the law of the Church set forth in the Ordination Service. I would congratulate Canon Groser on the br urging the matter forward. It is high time this question of the maintenance of the clergy was settled, and I sincerely hope his action will have the effect of arousing those in authority to take prompt and active measures that we may hear no more of the " pitiful picture " which is humiliating to our clergy and irritating to the laity. Yours. etc.. VERITAS ODIUM TARIT. November 1. 