: spiRtToXCfSH.iir sydney,-; Ihb cftpiUl pf t^ motiloP Colony is In tho; ilirocs dt' flpiritiKijjjjjy Voanctis ond ilio, pnl,]io imnil is grckjy pgitatcd over-llio d^vclopineiit of; glioC , , -r|loro j|#r' j^v for -mm t* mo«t plnpen whoro: jroonlo ^^B^^t'^avon ol.Vood fbllt. .In. Bydooy, Wl|o_ boK0 ; tI , ... [?] dcillng^lthtlin fruit of tlio' IxtquaW li'lntflrMtlng i— SpBrfnioni nftho/ollno' *nd the erstwhile explanation or exposiire of Madam'e's tricks' is Naturally cnongh ignored.' Bnfr the Pytln'cy people have passed beyou'd the .singe of ordinary table tipping, nnd fnrjiture. breaking, the usual though uncommonly foolish amusements of disembodied spirits. Tliey materialise, their spirits! and with the lights turned almost ojit produce Scotch accented Georiies'i and blick'Maced Cissys. - The hitter eats chocolates mid generally is a flippant young female with .precocious tendencies that should be. checked; Hysterical women at the seances recognise lost relatives and weep tears of joy at the unexpected meeting. Learned gentle men look on' and, in the twilight and to the strains 'of .music, see wonders which' in -a reckless '.wAy . tliey pledge their professional reputations to. It is note worUiy '.that all' these seances are held tinder conditions imposed upon the devotees, wh'cb, unless broken, elTectually preclude any ve.y closo examination of the, phenomena. Ghosts were getAjg cheap in . Sydney until 'a ' practical, common-place voimg man broke the conditions and' caught Cissy nnd .held her' till the lights were turned up. Cissy's h]uck:/:ice \v;is n mask, tichind Which was I the medium's face:' Cissy's 'small body was the ' medium's body on its knee?. Other paraphernalia were found and seen by two or three poisons, and then they disappeared. What was the nnswer to this expose. We are solemnly assured :that the .properties now lost hale demaferinlis'ed, have nicked into thin air. Cissy's own body having gone before. Being a medium is not easy work. It was the shock to Cissy that caused the spirit to flee, and ill doing this the' medium was Hung, all unconscious, into Cissy's clothes. Such antics nS these on the part of spirits aro'far inore interesting the planchctte writing' or table canting. When the spirit of a little colored girl can throw the body of a. healthy female medium several feet' ipto 'a more or less 'complete suit of clothes! the potentialities of properly brokon . in' spirits are un limited. Meanwhile one section of the Sydneyites are frantic with joy over the. proof afforded that the spirits, can. look after themselves and dodg-T inquisitive young men, while the balance of the townsfolk either laugh constim&lly; or weep because they too were not at the seance. The boom, in spirits in 'Sydney is over for the present unless the ghott raisers visit the Egyptian Hal in London and. hire a new spook ttaohin i or system. ' In: the Police Court on Friday, before .Major R. A. Moqfe, P.M., (ieorgp Lamb was charged with - larceny and remanded. On Saturday' h^Xva^ sentenced to two months imprisonment with hard labor. At the Penny Savings Bank on Saturday Mr. W. (». Hodges was receiving director. Sixty depositors paid in £7 1« 4-l, and £4 lis was withdrawn. Messrs. Little and Swanson are the.'ditect'ors for next Saturday. We atSSnsased to learn .that, as in previous ?years, sports and races will bo held on Boxing Day on the Sea View Rapecourse. A preliminary programme of the events appears in our advertising columns and we feel convinced -tint the races wjll also on this-' occa8ton,receivo their full share of the public's patronage. V^-'. -*? We., are' 'requested' by the Benevolent Society /Ball Committee to tlmnk all those who 8oAcindly assisted in -helping to make the late ball a fiucceB^. A cordial vote of thanks was fii^en to Mrs. -H* A. Kitson, Miss'Smilh, aud Mr. Foster for supplying tho mjbe^ .and to-Mr._W- T. Francis and Mr. M. Mitchell fo£ decorating.. The oominittee also, desice-to. acknojvledgordpnalion8 froni tho - following Estates iC Alexandra, £1 3s ; ' To Kowa),. £3 lOs Cd ; Branscorabe, (is 0d ; a few friends, 7s j Hlabana list' ndt'to hand. „OKtFriday oVeniM ar vfery enjoyable ciuder ella' was held in tli'q Britannia Hall; jthe object bf .whiofi .Avas to raise fdnds fo-; the Blue Rib bon Cricket Club,', and credit'^a, duo to the memberB of the' club,' who, carried out^ko arrangements, to the general; satisfaction or al 1 present. Mr. Geo Hardwickr^taxioll^ carried out. the functions of M.C.^ the music was in the able liands of Miss^ Thomp sou and Mr. V. Warry. The refreshments which were supplied by Mies Gaffney Vero very much appreciated. The company dl8* persed at an earlyhour in tho morning. ? ) The Benevolent Society'.hold'thelri usual monthly -meeting la«t Thursday afternoon.7 Present: Messrs. Moran, Johnson, Wakefield, Bniccliu, Kemp, 'Ball, and the Secretaty.' Owing to tho unavoidable absence of the ^'resident, Mrs. Moran was asked to take the chair. Accounts were pasvMpbr payment to the amount of £20 12a. Society has at mesent . cloven cases or relief — sovon are families of five uiul six children while the other four ato chiefly aged, people. Tho Cpnimittee handed over a cheque lor £43 3s being tho profit -afler tho expenses'wero .Till: wcuthcr last wcok wai opprcsaiveiy hot 00*0110 occaaion tho eolar maximum mounting' to lCOdcg. On Tlmrnday, Friday and Sutur. (ltty^lie akica wero overcast and tho Inlehdo lieatirompted tho most wary to prophooy ah oarlywlownpour of rain., Iiolated ihowcrs, folLiBjliCToront parU of tho district and qn Satprdty evening raiu commonced to jiall (tva(Un| - tl'li i8 kept up nnd off up to^laet o.Yf ntnft and thorn is no appoaranqo r of its up to 0 a.ny yrater %yi.-M«nud toM:35' inchcs/«ild about three talntf.^fflMlurluB.'thp'day, ' Tho rnin was o»3ly : MMed hotn in'tho'donntry' and town aud'U mupmed on all sides, ' Jt wjll do a lot of (podHajthe' young plant anil- ratoon tjano vopg^'d|jSig roplonisliod Uio donustla tanks' -9 town,. :|- ? ' y ' ' .' Last' evening tiip ti/a^iorH* (.Vick'et Te;un wero cntflrtalned liy. tli'oioail team utalmiok'o -ewicntt anqoyiiter «i)p/ior fa lurge nmnlior of tb-viiiipoonUi;Woro:]insi)nt, 'tlio. tKhlca Jjolng eonipliitoWfiUW. ' HtJWy. fow toasts wero proposed, Umt o/ tiie 'visitorn' hoiiiR given ijy.tli o Jklnjfer . ail d felpmnlod to b'y Messrs. Fouioos aon MiiDonhlill, Groat stress was laid by. _th? fonnor'oii.tlio eiuollont «rom'nJ ithM'triojJp«|l iU\b*'ii#tl. Tliov : pointed'- wit that -Ui/Mily ,.thIif«'*lh?q'iIre'l:to make It PMfMt JVW« turJ Wl,4'V»nd tli»j-;odvlsed to amvli thoy ooulii ^o ijot «uolr wlak*t-r-^CIi. Jooat^ipnm- -»«? jtroponod l-y* W».t of MoDonnail . . jA0VMJVkea Dyrnea na to tho amount, or lit addition to hissalsry and 'whit, connooiion' Ma offloo had' w|th the | »!raftWg: -ot. Towr'a recorit manual to tho Society's, work was raisdl, and it w. h sug gested that a syutem bf cAllecting be adopted. The R«v. V/eir accordiwiy moved, 'That the- secretary; farriiah' m^bers of the. com* m'ittfeft with the Societies dcat let collecting books ami that each one should do what he could.' Mr. Donaldson eecouded this, but wished to: add as a rider that ihp ladies of the various- churches' ' be acked to assist also. This was,a'greed.'tb. The Rev. Bacrie brought forward the '. question of furnishing :the Japtmese with scriptures. / Re mbved, ' Tliat they send .to London -foV 200 portions, to be divided into 50 of -eaeh gospel, and 36 New ?Testaments.' This was seconded by Mr. Donaldson and carried. . Somejdi'ctission took place us to the best mode of creating interest in the Society's Work., The Rev. Barrie sug-. gestcd holding -reunions at which the. claims of tho Society s- work might be *et forth. It was resolved that- the secretary and the president arrange in this matter some time'in Jauuary. This concluded the business and the meeting closed. Tue following significant letter is stated by - the IPWifer-to have been recei\ ed. by a- N«vv Zealand squatter wlio had applied to the Commissioner ot Police of that ^colony for police protection : — Police Department} (Com ! missiooer'a Office), Wellington, 2L«tt Septem ber, 1894.' Sir, — Vour letter. of the'. 27th *ult. to Couslable Bradshaw jre policc .protection for Bemnore' Station during, shearing time, has been duly submitted to. tlie 'Hon.* the Defence Minister, who has directed me 'to in form you that from inquiries .made it appears that if there is any disturiKinec it will'uu 'doubtedly arise from yoiir injndicious action* in arranging with an Oalnaru shearer now in New South.* Wales'to bring over. 10 shearers from that colony, and therefore i«*this mat' ter you must take the responsibility of your own actions.. But the Police Department most distinctly dccliue to bring al-nut a qnar- 1 i;el l»ctween fehenrers an«l employers, an-I therefore you must not depend upon the de partment for protection under those circum stances. From all that can be learned it ap pears that this Oainaru shearer has not for aonie time past ben on (good terms with the Workers' Union, and it appears to be well known in New Zealand that you have com tnisftinneij him to bring over 10 men ; and therefore this department cannot acquiesce in or supp'ort dangerous actions, which may Ir:ad to v-yy grave dilHcultics all ovcr the colony — I have, &c.;, A Hume, Commissioner of Police. Pestistky. — In coustff^eiuie of professional detention iu the fSulf di^prici; 1)^ BtVNK A. Huet, the Dental Surgeon; Avill^jjot bo at Mackay until the third* xveek' in November.* Assurance. — The residents of Homebush district are requested, before assuring, to con-' suit Mr. C. -Sheldo/i,* who is now visiting the district, and will l-e prepared to give informa tion re actuarial basis or rates, mortality ex pectation, 'contingencies, etc. ? ? AssPnANCE.— The residents of the Mackay district are asked to consult Mr. W. Francis before assuiing. Mi'. Francis i/Tais old resident, representing the leading Assuf^ ance Association -in Australia, ami he is pre pared to gfv-e reliable information on 'any subject counect$d with assurunce.* As the hot dusty weather is again fairly upon us. We would remind the thirsty and weary ones that beautiful cool and refreshing drinks from the ice are now irf full swing at Maslens, cider, the juice .of Ipie apple, and every kind of frnity affervesping leverages. ; The wockingfelas* go for it because ''tis cheap.' The ladies all call in and refresh themselves because the quality and price are both pleas ing. Nothing succeeds like^nccess. Tnauks to Maslen for ice and cool DRINKS.* I 