RELIGIOUS NEWS. An American Evangelist.— Tbe Rev. W. H. Daniels, M.A., author of 'The Life and Work of D. L. Moody, the Great American KvnnffHliat.' and other well-known works. who arrived in Adelaide ot route to Japan on Friday, preached at the Pina- street; VVesleyau Church ou Sunday morning. The rev. gentle man is patriarchal in appearance, having a long flowing white beard. Ho has a pleasant) delivery, and tho Aintrican accent ib just per ceptible in hia speech. Ho congratulated the oongregatioc on the great work that had been accomplished durinp the pae.t few weeks through the instrumentality of the Rev. Thomas Cook, and said it seemed to him that tho subject most appropriate, after the conclusion of the wonderfully successful services, would be the doctrine of tho communion with the Holy Ghost. He took h:s text from '2 Corinthians, xiii. 14, 'Tha grace of the Lord Jeaua Christ, and tbe love of God, and the coiumu niou of the Holy Ghost be with ycu all.' During the courae of an interesting and in structive sermon, which he illustrated bo admirably as to make it comprehensive to all, he aaid that owing to their rtlying too much on their own judgments instead of going to the Holy Ghost, they were becoming worldly, sensual— he would not Bay devilish — and their Christianity was becoming bo largely human and made up of eucn a vast pro portion of logio and philosophy that there was a decadence of epiritual light among those men and women who were trying to live true Chriatiau lives. If there were any converts in connection with the recent eervioes who might thluk they had a call to tbe minis try ho would remind them tn make Bure that that call was not some other noise. Under a misconception young men had joined the rainiatry, and they had in the pulpits of the great Methodiafc fraternity many men who, although clear, right, sound, reasonable, acd orthodox on matter* of theology, were unable for Bome reason ui other to lead people to the higher experiences. The communion of the Holy Ghost was the secret power of such Heaven-hououred men as Thomas Cook, D. L. Moody, and others. These evangelists both taught and practised this divine doo trice, which would tit the humblest lives. The venerable divine preached at the Parkside Wealeyan Church in the evening. Poet Conguegatioxal Y.M.C.S. — Anniyer- sary^ services in connection with this Society were celebrated on Sunday afternoon, when addresses were given by members and dele gates. The thirteenth annual report showed that the past year had been a fairly successful one. There were at present on tbe roll twenty one regular members, thirty visiting and cor responding, and two life members. The President of the Society (Rev. J. 0. Kirby) preached a special sermon to young men in the evening, taking as his subjeat ' Wasted Advauta^ea.' Melanesia*? Missions;— A report from Melanesia states: — The Bishop-elect; (Rev. Cesil Wilson, M.A., lately V-car of Moor down, Bournemouth) waa to leave England by the Austral on April 20, visiting the Aus tralian Bishops on his way, and reaching Auckland in time for consecration on St. Buruabf.3 Day, June 11. Bishop Cowie, the Primate, hopes for visitors from other Dioceses of Austraha^nd New Zealand. Mr. Wilson seems to be the right inan for the post physically, mentally, and spiritually. He ia thirty-three years ot age. Bishop Selwyn the elder was thirty-two when consecrated, Bishop Patteson thirty-four, and Bishop John S4wyn nearly thirty - three. Tho Southern CrosH returns from her first voyage in time for the consecration. She will at ouce convey the new Bishop to Sis headquarters &t; .Norfolk Island, and tlisn make her w&y; back to Auckland to prepare for the final voyage of the year. The ordination of Hugo Gorov&ka; iu Bishop's Court Chapal on Eabter Monday waa most interesting. Hugo is a Solomon islander. Hia comploxion is of the darkest, iut his face shows thoughtfulness and keen ntelligence. The bare feet peeping from beneath the white surplice were very sugges tive. The earnestness of hia manner and the entire absence of st'lf-coasciuutness were m keeping with Mr. Palmer's words. Mr. Palmer said, 'lluco has been a successful teacher, and owns a foremost place in his own island, gained by ye&ra; of consistent living. He married an excellent young woman, who has proved a useful helpmeet. Together they strive to teach tbe people of Savo and Bugotu, a race of head hunters. Christianity ia making greao strides at Bugotu, much being due under God to Hugo's faithfulness. Ho ia returning thither to work under Dr. Welch man, at whose request he is admitted to the diaconate. The Soutburu Cross left Auck land on March 31, huviuj,' on board the Rev. J. Palmer, Hugo, and Miss Farr. This lady is tho daughter of Archdeacon Farr, of Ade laide, and will prove a valuable accession to the miesion staff. She has used' every oppor tunity of acquiring practical knowledge ot all things calculated to help tbe Melsuesians and to benefit the woman nnd children. Before leaving Adelaide elio herself collected nearly £50 towards clearing off the mission overdraft. Personal. —From the Christian Weekly for April 27: — Mr. Edwin Sara, after several years of faithful Church work at Broken Hill, has left with his family for Albany. — The Rov. H. Daniels, M.A., of the M.E. Church, reached Adelaide yesterday, on hia return journey to India.— The Kov. Richard Martin and his daughter will be leaving for England next Wednesday. — Tho Itigbt Hon. H. H. Fowler, M.P., who m tbe re-arraupement of the British Government has become Secretary of State for India, in a prominent) and active Methodist.— In consequence of illness. Mrs. Hiatt, wife of tho Kpv. W. T. Hiatt, has not been able to remove from M ait- laud to Broken Hill, uod the latest accounts are of an unfavourable character. — The Rev. W. Henry, who was appointed to Wentworth by the' last Now South Wales Conference, is in Adelaide, on hm way to hia new appointment. From the Christian Colo nut : — Tho Ilev. A. Matters, Baptist minister, of Kapunda, has been suffering from a severe attack of rheumutio fuvor, from which he ia now recovering. — The Australasian Indepen dent states that the Rev. W. T. Kench, of Broken Hill, has declined an invitation to beuo'ina assistant; pastor to tho Rev. F. W. Cox, of this city. — Dr. J. G. Pa ton hn3 paid a visit to Oxford in the interests of the New Hebrides Mission. Ha followed Dr. Pflei dorer, a representative of the German Rationa listic sohool.— Tho llov. T. E. Pierce, B.A., formerly of Port Adelaide, now pustor of the Southport Congregational Church, Qiieena laud, has been appointed Secretary of thi Congregational Union in that colony. 