! TALES AND SKETCHES. I -? j [AM. m--HTS lUiSKUvm] "THE DAY WILL COME." I BY M. E. BRADDON. ¡ Author of " Lady Audley's Secrel," " Vixen,' "Ishmael,'' "Like and Unlike," "Thc I Fatal Three," &e.; I CiiAi'iuit MI. Thon zutust nol away, O De.uli ? Tlior si riki.-Kt-iiljwnci- ncrlstiel li, While Juanita, clung with feverish intensity I to tlie Irape of discovering her husband's tnur t derer, Lord Cheriton teemed to be gradually i resigning himself to the idea tiiat the crime I would go to swell the long list of undiscovered ' murders which lie could recul 1 within his own I experience of life-crimes which had kept I society expectant and on the alert for a ; mouth, ami which had stimulaled the pedicel I to unwonted exertions, li nally to sink into oblivion, or to he occasionally cited us un example of thc mysteriousness of human history. He had offered a large reward, be had brought all his own trained intelligence to bear upon tile subject ; he had thought and brooded upon it by day and hy night, anil thc result, hud boeu uiL A Jiaud had been stretched out of thc darkness to slay au unoffending young man, in whose life his > daughter's happiness hud been bound up. That was the whole history of thc murder. A shot beard in the night, a bullet fired out of the darkness with most true and fatal aim. Kot one indicatiuti, not nue suggestive fact had beeu discovered since thc night of the murder. " It is hopeless,-' said Lord Cheriton, talk- ing over the calamity with Mr. Scarsdale, the Vicar of Cheriton anil Testwick, adjoining parishes; thc crime and the motive of the crime ure alike inscrutable. If one could imagine a reason for the act it might be easier lo get upon the track of the murderer ; but there is no reason that I can conceive for such a deed. It has been suggested to inc tbat Sir Godfrey might have had a secret eniunv that lus life might not have been as spotless os wo think-" *' I will answer for it that he was never guilty of a dishooorahle action, that be pro- voked no man's hatred by any unworthy act," interrupted thc vicar warmly. He had been curate at Milhrook before begot the Cheriton living, «nd hod lived at the IVioryand pre- pared Godfrey Carmichael for Eton, so he claimed the right to vouch for the honour of thc dead. " There never was a whiter soul in mortal clay," he «aid. "I am inclined to estimate his oharactcr almost as highly as you," replied Lord Cheri- ton deliberately, " yet the straightest walker may moke one false step-and there may have been some unfortunate entanglement at thc University or in London-" "I will never believe it. He may have been tempted-he may .have yielded to temptation-but if he erred, bc sure he atoned for his error to thc uttermost of his power." "There ere errors-seeming light to the steps that stumble-which cannot he atoned for." "There was no such error in his youth. I looked in his fee* on his wedding day, Lord Cheriton, and it was the face of a man of unblemislted life-a man who need fear no ghost out of the dead past." " Well, you me right, I believe-and in that case the murder is motive)ees-the murder of a madman-a madman so pro loundly artful in his lunacy as io escape every eye. By heaven, I wish we had thc old way of hunting Buch a quarry-and that a leash of bloodhound* could have been set loose upon bis track with an hour of the murder. They would have hunted him down-tAeir instinct would have found him skulking and shivering in his lair ; and wc should have needed no astute detective primed with all the tradi- tions of Scotland Yard. It would have been swift, sudden justice-blood for blood." His dark grey eyes shone with au angry light as he walked up and down thc spacious floor of the library, while the Vicar stood in front of thc tire, looking gravely into his clerical hat, and without any suggestiou to offer. inn1 Unwillens on our siyht ; tltiti \nsl lintli fallen n li^ln uiiptN us lo iwloiv. Tliat UJIIP " I hope Lady Carmichael is recovering her spirits," be said feebly, ttfter a pause. "She is noe «ny happier dian she was when lier loss was only a week old i but elie keeps tip in wonderful way. I believe she is sus- tained by some wild notion that the murderer will bc found-that she will live to sec her husband's death avenged. I doubt if ul -present she has any other interest in life '' "But let us hope she will lie cheered by. tile society of her Husband's people. I bear that the Morniugaides and the Grcnvilles ure to he at the Priory in November." " Indeed ! I have heard nothing about it." "I was at Swanage yesterday afternoon, and took tea with Lady Jane. She was full of praises of Lady Carmichael's goodness, and lier desire that all things at thc Priory .night be just os they had been in Sir God- frey's lifetime. His brothers-in-law osed to be invited for the shooting in November, and they were to bc invited this year, -on con- dition that Lady Jane would help to entertain them, and Lady Jane had consented gladly. .So there will be a huge family party at the Priory on this side ot Christmas," conclujcd the Vicar. " I am glad to hear it," said Lord Cheriton. "Anything is better for her than solitude; any occupation, if it bc only revising a bill nf fare, or listening to feminine twaddle, is better for her than idleness." " Yes, there will lie a houseful," pursued thc Vicar, " Mrs. Grenville takes her nursery with her wherever she goes." " And Mrs. Morningside is delighted to leave hers behind her. " "Yes, she is one of those mothers who arc always telling people what paragons of nurses Providence bas provided for their darlings, or how admirably their children are being brought up by a model governess," said thc Vicar, who was severe upon other people's neglect of duty. " By-the-bye, talking of mothers, I believe I saw Mrs. Porter's daughter the other day while 1 was in town." " You O-MY'IM yon saw her ?" " Yes, I um not cerium. A face flushed past mc in thc street ot:c night, and when the face was gone it came upon me that it was Mercy Porter's eyes that looked at me for an instant in thc gaslight. I was ill one of those crowded new neighbourhoods on thc Surrey side of Battcrsoa Bridge, a wilderness of shabby streets. Iliad been lo hoar Vansittart preach a mission Hermon at a church near Wandsworth, and 1 was walking back to Chelsea, lt was late on a Saturday night, mid thc road w*as full of costcrmongers' barrowH, and the pavement was crowded with working people doing their marketing. I tried to overtake tile gill whose face had ptaitled me, but it was no use. She had melted in Hie crowd. I «ont hack the whole length of thc street, hoping I might find her in front of oucof thc coaler's stalls ; but she mutt have turned into one of the numerous side streets, und it was hopeless to hunt for her there. Yul I should have boen very glad to get hold of her." " Is she much changed t" " Changed ! Yes. It was only thc ghost of Mercy Porter that I saw. 1 should not have known her but for lier eyes. Sile had line eyes, do you remember, and with a great I deal of expression in them. 1 think I should bc safe in swearing to Mercy Porter's eyes." " Did she look poor ol' ill V "She looked hath-lint thc illness might he «inly hunger. She hud that wan, pinched look «ne sees iii thc faces nf the London poor, especially ill (he women's faces." " Have you told lier mother ;" " Ko, I came to the conclusion that it i would he giving thc poor soul useless pain to tell her anything-having so little to tell. Sile knew years ago tlint Colonel Tremaine hud descried his victim, ami that thc girl had dropped through. God knows where; Int» the abyss that swallows up handsome yasug woincu who begin their career in Weat Kai lodgings and a hired brougham. If the mother were to go in quest of her, and bring her home here, it might he only to bring shame and misery upon her declining years. Thc creature may have fallen too low for thc possibility ol' reformation, and thc mother's last hours would be darkened hy her sin. I would do much to rescue her-but I would rather try to save her through a stranger's help than by the mother's intervention." Lord Cheriton continued his pacing to and fro, and did not appear particularly interested in the case of Mercy 1'ortcr. He had been ?mich troubled by her flight from Cheriton, for thc seducer was his guest and his own familiar frieud, anti be had fell himself in somewise to blame for having brought such aman to Cheri- ton. Ile told himself that he would not have had Tremaine inside his house hud his own daughter been out of the schoolroom ; and > yet lie hud allowed the man to cross the path of thc widow's only child, aud to hiing desolation and sorrow upon the woman whose life lie had in somewise taken uudcr his pro- tection, " There are people whose mission is to hunt nut that kind of miserv,'' he said, after an iuicrval ol silence. "Í hope one of these gtiod women will rescue Mercy Porter. I think you have beeu wise iu saying nothing lo. the mother. She bas got over her trouble, und uuything shu might hear about tile girl would only he a reopening of old wounds." "She isa wonderful woman," replied the Vicar , j neve, saw such grief as her's when tho girl ran away ; and yet within a few months shu had calmed down into thu placid personage she has been ever siuce. She is a woman of very powerful mind. 1 sometimes wonder that even at her age she eau content herself with thc monotonous life she leads in that cottage." "Uh, she liked thc place, I believe, aud the life suits her," said Lord Cheriton care- lessly. " She had seou ar good deal of trouble betöre she came hei e, and this waa a quiet have» for her after thc storms of life. 1 am very sorry thc daughter went wrong," bc added gravely, and with a sudden cloud upon his face. " That was a bitter blow ; and I shall never forgive myself for having brought that scoundrel Tremaine lr re." " He is dead, is he not ?" "Ves, tie was killed iii Afghanistan six years ago. He was u good soldier, though he was a bad man. I daresay he made his being ordered off lo India an cxenBC for leaving Mercy-left her with a trifle of rooney, perhaps, and a promise of farther remittances, and then let her drift. Ilold my lawyer to keep hi» eye upon her, if possible, and to establish ber in some respectable calling if. ever he saw the chance of doing so ; but she eluded him somehow, as you know." " Yes, you told mc what you bad done. It was like you to think even of so remote a claim upon your generosity." "Oh, she belonged to Uneaten. I have cul- tivated tile patriarchal feeling as much as I can. All who live upon myland are under my protection." " Lady Cheriton has been a good friend to Mrs. Porter too." : " My wife is always kind." Juanita accepted her cousin's account of what he had heard and rood at St. Sellier's,., as the closing of his researches in the history of the Strangways. The sister's death in a shabby exile remained tobe traced; but there was no light to be expected there ; and Juanita felt that «lie must now submit to surrender her superstition about that evil race. It was not from them the blow had come. The murderer had to bc hunted for in a wider range, and the quest would bc more difficult than she had thought. She was not thc less intent upon discovery because of ,; this difficulty. " I have all my life before me," she told herself, "and I have nothing to live for but to see his murderer punished. " ( To he. continued. I 