Current Events. SAMSONVALE BUTTER FACTORY.—At the quarterly meeting of shareholders of the Samsonvale Dairy Co., Ltd., the following report was made:—The quantity of milk received daring the quarter was 32,599 gallons. The amount of butter disposed of amounted to 13,031Ibs, which realised 49M 18s lid; 22501bs of butter were stored In anticipation of better prices. The average price of the butter sold was 10 l/16d per lb The Babcock tester has been used since the beginning of the year. It reveals several interesting facta: among others, that some milk-suppliers' cows are superior as butterproducers to others; also, that milk produced from paddocks that are not ringbarked is invariably of much poorer quality than the milk from country that iB improved and cleared. Will our dairy farmers kindly "read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest. MORAYFIELD MONKEYS AGAIN. —A de tachment of those parent-neglected and vagabond boys, named David Cooper (aged 11) and Percy Smith (aged 10), appeared last Friday before Messrs. Bourke, Fountain and Pleace, JJ.P., at the Caboolture police court, charged with placing a sleeper close to the railway line between the Gympie Crossing and Burpengary station. The sleeper was in such a position that the guard rods of a train would have caught it, although the cowcatcher would not. The lads stated to the arresting constable that they put it there for fun, thiuking it wpuld upset the lengths nen's trolly when it came along. Luckily the sleeper was observed by a traveller, who removed it at once and reported the occurrence to the ganger in charge of the line. These lads were charged a month ago with breaking into a house, and the bench on that occasion gave them forty-eight hours in the lockup and a good caution. On this occasion the benoh sentenced Cooper to two years and Smith to three years in the reformatory. NEW Cashmere Hose, all sizes, from Is, per pair, at Carlyle's, SOUTH PINE BAND OF HOPE.—A SUCCESSFUL gathering was held on Monday last, it being the anniversary of the existence of the society, and was celebrated by a social provided by the committee. A very pleasant and. entertaining evening was spent, whioh all appeared to enjoy. The chair waa occupied by the Rev. T. Brassington, who is new to the district, and his opening address was listened to with considerable interest. The various items on the pro- gramme were then rendered, the performers receiving the applause they merited. At the interval tea, cake and fruit were handed round, full justice to which being done by the audience. We are pleased to be able to state that the meeting waB a financial success. CABOOLTURE CRICKET.—The Caboolture club gained an easy victory over an eleven from Messrs. Hoffnung's on Saturday last, May 5, beating the visitors by an innings and eleven runs. The Caboolture men went in first and scored 91, Mr. Chambers contributing38, Carlyle 20, and A. Worth lfc. Messrs. Hoffnung s team then went in and scored 16 the first innings and 64 the second. Mr. Hamilton (37) and Mr. West (8) were the highest scorers in the second innings. In the first innings Mr. Chambers took four wickets and Alf. Toms six for the Caboolture team. In the second.innings Chambers took one wicket, Toms seven, F<*gan two. The weather was showery during tne : morning, but it cleared up in the afternoon. The Caboolture team fielded better than on the last occasion, LANDSBOROUGH SPORTS.—Rather late in the day the Landsborough folks have decided to keep up next Thursday by having a day's athleticism, racing and children's sports combined, and tbe programme of which will be found in our business columns. The various events are there set down, the prizes and tbe conditions, which last, intending competitors would do well to study. As a ood committee have taken the matter in hand, it is certain to be a success, and we hope to hear of a good 'gathering under the presidency of host Dyer on the old convin* cing ground at the back of the Mellum Club Hotel. A CONCERT AND DANCE.—Next Wednesday evening a concert, to be followed by a dance, will be given in aid of the funds of the Little Cabbage tree State school, at the building itself. We understand the tickets are selling well amongst the residents, as indeed they ought to under the circum- stances, and as the ver y best talent procurable has been engaged, the audience may be guaranteed full value for their money. Besides which, there is to be a dance afterwards, and our boys and girls will suffer a good deal for the sake of a dance. Though there will be no suffering this time, as the school committee have gone to considerable trouble to make the affair the complete success we trust it will be. A SANDGATE FIRE.—Very early on Monday, the residents about Nashville and the lower end of Sandgate were alarmed by cries of fire. A good many gathered at the scene, being an unoccupied four roomed bouse and kitchen belonging to "Bob" Lubke, and situated on the Brisbane road near the entrance to Nashville. -There being no fire brigade appliances, the place ww soon totally destroyed, as would have been the fate of Martin Prackart'e place on the adjoining property, but for the energy displayed by those present in stamping out the fire which more than once attacked the owner ^ the house destroyed is residing on Mr. Webster's B E^P^ a y- 80 no infonna- e £urTor°not " 40 wheth «^were NEW Flanneia, Welsh and Saxony, from Is. yard, at Carlyie's. GOVERNMENT BUSINESS.—Last Saturday's Gazette opened to general selection on Monday, July 2, por. 68, Maleny, 284 acres ; eight lots, being pors. 88v 95v, Byron. To unconditional only, 14 lots in the parishes of Bunya, Samford and Enoggera. Declared as public roads land resumed from por. 141, Maroochy (J. A. Dalzell); also a series of roads in the parishes of Durundur, Conondale and Kilcoy, being a matter under discussion for something like eight years, and at last settled. Forfeited the lease of •election 840, Enoggera (J. Quine), and of 85v, Maleny (T. Cole). Published the balance sheet of the Bald Hills and Sandfiture, 20/10s 3d ; balance, credit, 182 lis &te; cemetery : Receipts, 3912s Id ; expen- lOd. TOOMBUL RATEPAYEBS. — The usual tnonthly meeting of thiB association waB held at the Recreation Hall, Nundah, on Monday evening. The president moved that a letter be written to the board advising the construction of the Nudgee-road bridge be at once proceeded with, and Hating that if the delay was prolonged the vote would be probably treated as unexpended. Several speakers advocated that the present waterway be not lessened in the proposed new bridge. A discussion ensued relative to the formation of a Parliamentary debating class, and permission was finally given to the president to invite gentlemen to assist in the formation of such a class at the next general meeting on the 18th June. \- OUR SHOW.—We learn with pleasure that after all there is likely to be an exhibitioa this year at the North Pine nnder the auspices of the Moreton Association on or about the 20th July proximo. The committee have been for some time past taking counsel together, and we may hope to soon hear of some result from their consultations. The time being short, a very active canvass all through the district to get the settlers to the necessary pitch of enthusiasm will have to be undertaken, and extra clerical assistance supplied to the secretary.. We feel Bure all thoroughly appreciate the benefits derived from holding these Bhows, and no one has any reason to feel ashamed of any •.previous efforts, so that it is to be hoped all will unite in helping to make this year's exhibition as good, if not better, than those of past years. We would also remind all who intend to subscribe to do so at once, in deed, not in words only, so that the Government endowment may be claimed before the end of June. ARBOR DAY AT HUMPYBONG.—The two schools combined last Wednesday week to celebrate Arbor Day by holding a, picnic at Sutton's Beach. Hitherto there has been a jealousy between Redcliffe and Woody Point districts, which was cultivated by certain interested parties. This year, thanks to the generosity of Mr. J. J. Noble, a Woody Point landowner, this miserable feeling was scotched, for he donated 5/ on condition that the fandango was a combined one. This was gratefully accepted, with the result that a most enjoyable day was shared in by Mr. and Mrs. Humpybong and their numerous families. All hands, big and little, had a fine tuck out, the fixings being contributed to by everybody. Added to which, every youngster received a prize for som thing or other. The ubiquitous photographer was of course on the job and obtained two excellent groups of the children and their elders, in spite of the verdant verdicts of sundry loud- cackling would-be cognoscenti, but whose entire ignorance on the whole subject was proven by the result. VERY REKERKAY.—A North Pine trades man received a small handbill, to be stuck up, last week, from Cobble Creek, which, having read, he blankly refused, on account of its vulgarity. It read as follows: "A grand ball, with a grand feed of tea, sand wiches, cakeB and lollies, in the Oddfellows Hall, Kobble Creek. Prices to suit the times. Bring your own whisky. These are hard times, but tea and lollies con hardly be described as "grand," and that sinister suggestion about whisky has a very suspicious look indeed, when we remember the war now raging between the Wynne and Walter factions. Might we suggest that the next time the Cobble Creekites go in for a grand anything, they advertise the fact in this paper. We will take care that it is so worded as not to offend the refined susceptibilities of the North Piners and other district raspberry jammers. GERMAN STATION CEMETERY.—As most people interested in the well-being of the Nundah Cemetery are aware, the financial position of that "God's acre" if anything but satisfactory. If the place is to be a credit to the district, funds muBt be provided to maintain the caretaker, and to keep the grounds in decent order. To attain this object, a meeting will be held on Monday evening next, in the Recreation Hall, Nundah,under thepresidency of Mr. W. Widdop, rWma" of the Board, which all interested are invited to attend, BO that "ways and \- means" may be thoroughly discussed. The Hon. J. R. Dickson and Mr. J. McMaster, M.M.L.A., who are trustees, have promised to attend the meeting, which commence* at 8 o'clock p.m. SANDOAI E COUNCIL.—For the seat in the Sandgate Council, vacant through the resignation of Mr. J. W. Todd, we understand that Mr. W. F. B. -Mann, cordial manufac turer, will be nominated. Mr: Mann is the candidate receiving the imprimatur of the Ratepayers' Association. ENOGGERA BOARD.—At a special meeting of this Board held on Wednesday, 9th May, a general rate of ljd. per £ throughout the division was fixed for the current year, being a reduction of Jd. on the rate for last year. UTOPIA TOPSY TURVY.—G. W. Pope, who was one of the organisers of the New Australia movement in this colony, writing from Asuncion, says that out of five South Australian families who went to New Australia only one now remains at the settlement. He reports that soon after the disaffected members left, Lane held a meeting und gave the settlers a severe talking to, pointing out that he was the only one who possessed the power to direct the affairs of the colony; that he had registered it under the laws of Paraguay, and he could remove anyone he considered incapable or abandoned. After referring to those who had gone, he said that if there were any more dissatisfied they had better go. This statement gave considerable offence, and as a result, C. Hollyer, of Bundaberg, one of the trustees of the association, and one of the warmest supporters of the movement, left. Hollyer declares that Paraguay is no place for a white man. Almost all the goods required were imported from abroad, and had to be paid for in'gold, while in return the men were paid in the paper money of the colony, the {dollar only being worth about 7½d. The heat is most trying, and is declared by the men from Queensland and the interior to be the worst they ever experienced. A "CELESTIAL" SHEOL.—" Haif a million Chinamen die every month without God," said a missionary in Victoria the other day, according to the Bulletin. In other words, according to the good old missionary logic, six million Chinamen go to sheol annually. The Chinese are a very, very old nation, which seems to have started in the early dawning of the first day, and, at the very lowest estimate, this process has probably been going on for 5000 years. This means that there are now thirty thousand million Chinamen in sheol, and they still keep coming at the rate of 500,000 a month. There is an endless stream of Chinamen pouring, like Niagara, down the sliddery slope which leads to the fioal drop—an end- less, ceaseless tonent of dead mm with pigtails flying behind them—a howling blast of yellow ghosts,-screaming in strange, angular characters, and trying to brage their fleshiess feet against nothing to stop their descent. Perdition, in short, is a place that is full of Chinamen,. which lends a new ijofror to the hereafter, and adds a new tedottr to the bottomless halls of night. This lis in impressive view of the case, and one which has not received the attention it deserves. The material horrors of Gehenna have been worn threadbare, but the fact that Gehenna is full of Chinamen has not been impressed on the public mind as it ought to be. Yet, as an incentive to piety, it should be of immense value; theiefore we suggest that this great truth should be printed in huge gilt letters above every pulpit, where all the congregation can see it, Think of the impre is full of Chinamen 1" A KNOCK FROM ZILLMEBE.—Our Zillmere correspondent has gone- on the warpath, tomahawk in hand, after Mr. Robinson who ia our last issue traversed " our own's" remarks. We cannot publish the letter in all its native beauty,. because we like to write our own libels, but we give the gist of it. As regards the state of the roads, which Mr. Robius'on asserted to foe in good ord?r. especially in No. 2 Subdivision, "Our Own" asks him how he reconciles that statement with a letter read at the last Board meeting from residents of Zillmere, complaining of the dangerouB sta'eof their road, a perpetual menace. Also that the Sandgate Road has been left to itself so long, that now there are big holes worked in it big enough to swallow a cart. TheBe two roads are only samples ; there are many other roads in the district equally shining examples of the members' incjipacity. Rt the contract system, Our Own " replies that once tried we should get better and cheaper roads ; also a better class of workmen would be created, more selfreliant and independent. The aim of socialism being to do away with the wage system which makes men subservient machines. As regards the women's fran- business, it bas been decided that there is not sufficient encouragement to Btart a branch at present. "Our Own" will notice that those portions of his letter dealing with his defeat as a candidate for Board honours and with Wesleyanism have been carefully excised, and if he thinks twice, he will agree with us that it was the wisest course. Solomon said something about answering a fool according to his folly. We have a great respect for the utterances of the Preacher-King, and act up to them when practicable. NEW stocks of Men's Tweed Trousers, from 7a. 6d. pair, at Carlyle's. 