THE COMING OOALITIOH'. As there is no smoke without fire, so doubt less there may be some foundation for the ' rumours penetrating the political atmos- j phere,' as the Telegraph has it, o£ a coming ' coalition to displace the E.9id G-overninent, as there ie certainly good reason why there should be. The Telegraph declares the foundation to be a ' solid subterranean fact,' and the reason ' the billet- hunges? of: disappointed nltico-hunlers and needv nolU ticians,' but really there can be no neces sity either to delve so deep or to travel bo far, tvhen there is the plain fact, close at hand on the surface, of the Eeid Q-overnment. 'We need not not even go so far ag the vulgar charge oil ' billet'hunger,' a thing common alike to place-hunters and place* holders and, as the paper admits, 'much too usual in party poli tics to occasion any surprise ;' for this is not a case of party polities. This Govern ment, which there is said to be a general con« spiracy to displace, has not in any way, we need hardly say, disappointed the expectations o£ the party opposed to it-. It hag been given every fair play, been treated with all the con sideration which its political begetter, his Ex cellency the Governor, so earnestly bespoke for it, and if the result is that it haa so dieap pointed and disgusted its own party as to impel them to unite with their opponento in an effort to got rid oi: ifc, it has clearly no one or nothing to thank for such a coalition against it but itself. Its misaion three months ago was declared to be io save the country ; now it appears to be the common object oE both parlies to save the country from it, and it is as idle in such a case to talk oi ' subterranean facts,' ' underground en« gineering,' &c;, as it is oi appealing to the country not to allow itaelf to be saved. That the Telegraph does both may be only another proof of that paper's political sagacity, but there ie really nothing more surprising or mysterious about the matter than there was about the materialization of Oissv's ghost — unless, indeed, it be the oub terranean fact that the Premiei.1 really does hold up his sleeve or in his posket, as he has so often hinted, that promise of a diasolution which the paper now calls upon him, if n3ed be, to produce and pu'c in force. A 1 else is clear as daylight — clear that the freetrade Eeid Government has disgusted its own party, or they would not be so divided against it; clear that it has failed of its mission, for assuredly the latter state of the country is no better, U not rather worse, than the former ; and clear also that there is some imminent probability oi the rumoured coalition, or the Grovernment organ would not be in such a palpable fright about; it. Well, on the paper's own showing there is good reason, as we said, why that should be. 'There never yet was an instance,' it says, 'in the history o£ the colony of a Q-overnment receiving a more definite and unmistakable instruction from the taxpayers than that given to Mr. Eeid' — meaning, of course, the so- called mandate from the people f oe1 the cancelling of the protective duties and the introduction of absolute free trade— and never, it might have added, was there an instance of inotruction more totally disregarded. The busineoQ of the Eeid Q-overnmenfc since ib came into power has been, instead of introducing a now and better system of raising revenue, the ela borating of a measure for the apparent purpose of with both hando throwing re venue away. The Land Bill mov bo some thing more than that, though we do not know that it ia much moro, but it ia cer tainly that, and we venture to say that any benefit that might accrue from it would be more than counterbalanced by the tremen dous additional weight of taxation which it mast throw upon the people. Bat if that taxation is to be solely direct taxation, land and income tax, it muot fall with absolutely crushing effect on the very people, the Bet« tiers upon the land, whom the new Land Bill ia supposed to be intended chiefly fco benefit, and aGrovernment which waotQc monthaonly to bring about ouob. a reaulfcac that cannot, to our thinking, he displaced too oooos though the ' subterranean foot' necessary to dis*- ??'? place ifc wore nothing leoo then a very poli- '; tical earthquake, motead of, ac ifc only need be, a quiet combination to put down a com mon nuisance o£ fcho boot intelligence and jatriotiem of the Mono©. 