WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. 1 MONDAY, MARCH 5. . ( PASTORAL SESSION. The President (the Rev A J Webb) took the chair at ') JO a m. After the opening exercises and the reading of the daily record, The Ex Pnisn»E\T (the Rev H Youngman) moved the resolution of which he had given notice That no minister be eligible for re-election as President of the Conference until after the lapse of three years from his former term of office " Seconded by the Rev A. HUTCHISON, and supported by several brethren Carried unanimously A letter was instructed to be forwarded to the Rev A Douglas, inviting him to attend the Conference, and certain resolutions were read relating to Mr Douglas's position These were deferred for consideration till a later session The candidates for ordination the Revs T Ellison, H H Nolan, T R Thurlow, and 3 R Williams were examined by the President before the Conference as to their personal spiritual experience resolves as to dedication to God and His work and to their theological beliefs Amongst the subordinate questions asked, was this "Do you smoke tobacco, take snuff, or drink drams and this in each case was answered in the negative, at which I there were cries of " Hear, hear " The portion I oaths of two medical gentlemen Dr Byrne and Little bearing upon the health of the candidates for ordination were read and regarded as satisfactory It was resolved unanimously to receive the brethren into full connexion The PRESIDE M, in a few well chosen words, conveyed to the young ministers the resolution of the Conference, expressing the hope that each brother would have a long life of usefulness, and that God would abundantly bless them all With regard to the Rev. W P Brown, who had been on probation for six years on account of his health, it was also unanimously agreed to receive him into full connexion The subjects of altering the name of District Meeting to District Synod and of altering the time of holding the District Meeting and the annual Conference were referred to the representative session. It was resolved that the second reading of stations be the business for next morning (to day) It was resolved unanimously that a year be added to the status of the Revs 1. It Thurlow and T Wilson, on account of their having been employed immediately on their arrival from England and the brethren referred to having understood that the year would be given to them. It was also resolved to add a year to the status of the Rev. I R Williams. The pastoral session adjourned to 0 30 this morning REPRESENTATIVE SESSION The representative sittings of the second annual Queensland Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Church were resumed at 2 30 pm yesterday The President (Rev A I Webb) occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of delegates The hoiiAi Eva s A letter was read from Dr Lucas urging the conference to appoint a Methodist Council in order that a solid front might be presented to the social evils of the day. The letter was deferred until a later stage INVITWIOSH Mr Brown, secretary of the loan fund, was invited to be prevent at the Conference killing discussion on the fund in which he was interested An invitation was also extended to Mr. Cairns, the Wesleyan agent at Siuulyito AnmnoNAi Pm Aoiints-GVMIU A question was asked as to what circuits required additional preachers to which the Queensland South District recommended the conference not to appoint a second minister to the Gympie Circuit Some discussion ensued on a suggestion as to whether one CRBO should be decided before all of a similar nature had headboard It was eventually decided to fall in with the suggestion which was put in the form of a motion The Rev. J G MARTIN explained the views of the Queensland South District, stating that the decision had been aimed at unanimously. He asked the Conference not to call upon Gympie to accept either a married or it single man. Gympie had enjoyed the services of a probationer in a fitful manner for about five years, and about two years ago a single minister was withdrawn or withheld because there was not one to send. This turned out a very fortunate thing for the Gympie Circuit, for the giving abilities of the people were nothing like what they were two or three years ago. The position of the circuit fund was that they paid their way quarterly with £2 or £3 to the good, which was devoted to reducing a small circuit debt. Particularly did they wish to be relieved in consequence of the increasing difficulties in connection with the Surface Hill trust, for on the property there was a debt of about 1500. Too much of that was bank overdraft, on which they had to pay interest. He moved that the recommendation of the district be adopted. Mr. E. BYTHEWAY seconded the motion. It was imperative, he said, that a second minister should not be sent, though if the Conference decided otherwise they would do their best. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. H. YOUNGMAN : I suppose Mr. Bytheway understands that if a minister is sent it will be a married man. The case is Where are we to send additional married ministers ? Mr. BYTHEWAY submitted that they should not have either a married or a single man. CHARTERS Toyvnits. The Queensland North district recommended that Charters Towers Circuit be relieved of the appointment of a second minister during the ensuing year. The Rev. W. G. PAYNE supported the recommendation. He referred to the action of the last Conference, stating that the circumstances of the last year had justified that action. They had almost extinguished the large circuit debt, but they had not been able to reduce the trust debt, and the bank was pressing for a settlement. The whole of the property was involved, and if the matter was brought to a crisis the property would be lost. The Rev. J. BOWES said the people were very anxious about the matter, and strongly urged that they receive exemption for another year. IPSWICH. The Rev. J. STEWART moved that the recommendation of the Queensland South District, that Ipswich be relieved of its obligation to take a third married minister, be adopted. Sir. Stewart said Ipswich was not able to keep three married ministers. He quoted figures showing the income and expenditure for the past five and half years. If the recommendation was not adopted there would be a circuit debt at the end of the year of £100. Mr. A. J. FOOTE, who seconded the motion, said in the course of his speech that it appeared to him that Methodism was in a state of insolvency. This statement met with cries of dissent from several present. The Rev. J. BOWES asked how the circuit account stood. Mr. FOOTE replied that it was about £3 to the good. Mr. J. RICHEY also spoke in support of the recommendation. PEAK DOWNS. With regard to the recommondation of Queensland North District for the exemption of Peak Downs, The Rev. J. BOWES said that for the last two years Peak Downs had not been able to pay a single man, and this year was asking assistance from the Mission Fund. It would be hopeless, therefore, to thrust a man on them. TOWNSVILLE. The Rev. J. BOWES read a memorial from Townsville, stating that in view of the financial position of the Church and the country generally, they could not take a second married preacher, and asked to be relieved of their obligation to do so. Mr. J. DELEHANTY said Townsville, like other places, had a respectable trust debt. They were suffering from the sins of the past, having put up buildings for which they could not pay. The debt amounted to about £2300, and interest charges totalling £132 per annum, to say nothing of other necessary charges of keeping and lighting the churches. They had at the last quarterly meeting a circuit debt of about £81, and this had accrued while they had a married and a single man. They had not been able to pay their way for years past. A resolution attached to the memorial had suggested that unmarried men should forego marriage until things got better. (Laughter.) Business men had to do it, and he held it was a consideration worth taking into account. (Laughter.) Mr. G. W. PAYNE also spoke in support of the recommendation. CROYDON. The Queensland North District recommended the exemption of Croydon from its obligation to take a married minister. Mr. E. WHEELER dealt with the history of the Croydon Circuit, stating they required relief for one year. This was asked by reason of the financial crisis, the loss caused to the church by the floating nature of its population, and the urgent repairs required to be made to the church. Mr. H. WILLIAMS supported the recommendation, remarking that if any circuit deserved relief it was Croydon. NORMANTON. The Rev. J. BOWES said all that had been said about Croydon and other circuits might be accentuated with regard to Normanton, which was recommended for exemption. He referred to the severe illness contracted by Mr. Andrews, and the consequent falling away of the church. The position there was indeed serious. WEST END. Queensland South District recommended the substitution of a single minister for a married one for one year. The Rev. W. H. HARRISON remarked on the trust debt, which stood at £2000. The congregation, he said, was small, the people were poor, and they could not get anywhere near making ends meet. They had to pay about £2 per week for interest, which just about equalled the amount of the collections. Mr. W. CARTER supported the recommendation. WESLEY CHURCH. The Rev. J. BOWES road a memorial from the Wesley Church (Brisbane district) stating that in consequence of the financial condition of the church it be relieved from the second married minister. The Rev. W. DINNING seconded the memorial, which was supported by Mr. W. H. BARNES. A long and somewhat rambling discussion then ensued as to the precedence with which married men should be appointed (if necessary) to the various circuits which asked exemption. Numerous motions and amendments were proposed, and the debate at times was of an acrimonious nature. Eventually the order was decided as follows: - Enoggera, Ipswich, Townsville, Charters Towers, Gympie, Croydon, Normanton, and Peak Downs. At this stage the matter was left. Tin: ROMA DISTRICT. The Rev. H. YOUNGMAN referred to the prospect of keeping a married minister at Roma, and stated that a piece of land had been promised by a lady there to be devoted to parsonage purposes. This suggestion might to some extent relieve the difficulty which had arisen with respect to married ministers. He concluded by moving that a committee be formed to consider the matter, consisting of the president, ex-president, secretary, and Messrs. C. High- field, W. H. Barnes, and E. Wilcox. The motion was adopted. WEST END AND WESLEY. The Rev. W. H. HARRISON asked the position of the West End and Wesley Churches. After some discussion he moved that the prayer of West End Circuit to be relieved of its obligation to take a married minister be granted. Mr. W. T. REID seconded the proposition. The Rev. T. B. HOLMES did not think they would have a single man to send to West End. The Rev. H. YOUNGMAN moved,-" I hat further consideration of the Wesley and West End circuits be postponed until some time after the second reading of stations." This was carried. The Conference adjourned at 5.30 until 2.30 next day. ORDINATION SERVICE. An ordination service was held last evening in the Albert-street Wesleyan Church, when the Revs. W. P. Brown, T. Ellison, H. H. Nolan, T. R. Thurlow, and J. R. Williams wore ordained ministers. The Rev. A. J. Webb occupied the pulpit during the former portion of the ceremony, and after the proceedings had been opened with prayer and praise he called upon each of the candidates to relate to the congregation the circumstances which led up to, and the manner of, their conversion. A number of the questions contained in the ordination service were then put to the candidates and answered. Several minutes of silent prayer followed, and these were succeeded by the anthem " Break forth," sung by the choir. The candidates then kneeling, the Revs. A. J. Webb (President of the Conference), H. Young man, and other ministers placed their hands upon the head of each, the President saying, " Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work, of a Christian minister and pastor, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. And be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of His holy sacraments, in the name of the Father, and oMho Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Each of the candidates was then presented with a Bible, and each received authority to preach the Word of God and to administer the sacraments. The administration of the Lord's Supper followed, after which the Rev. H. Youngman delivered the " charge" to the newly ordained ministers. 