TRAVELLED ON CHEEK. Orlando Bogga wanted to go around the world, and be had nothing on earth to go with bat time and cheek. It has been said that time is money, but for some reason Mr Doggs found it impossible to convert his time into any collateral for bread and meat and steamboat fare and railroad riding and other necessaree incident to living or travelling. In taking stock of his resources one day, it esddenly occurred to Boggs that Lis cheek might be more available, and he put himaslf into a deep thinking trance. Results fol lowed and Orlando Boggs went abroad ; In fact, he went all round the world; and yet he left home without the ghost of a penny The ooean steamship Orpheus was adver tised to sail on Saturday night at 1-T o'clock. Captain Findley, one of the jol. leet and moat soclable of old sea dogs, was the master, nad just on time the planks were pulled in and all was made snug on board for the ocean voyage, and no one suspected there was an extra pa senger hangmg to the rudder poet. The Orpheus was a first-clasa passenger liner, and she ploughed through the water at a lively rate, having made about 200 miles at breakfast time on Sunday morning. Captain Findley was about the deck taking a survey of the weather and looking after things in general before going below to eat, when a commotion at the stern of therease! attracted his attention. Going aft he found that a man without shoes, hat or coat had just clambered ores the rail of the. shino ad stood there drsppyln ThI firetmate was there and had asked the stranger who he was and how he oame on board, and to these questions the dripping man's reply was merelyan inquiry as to where he could find the captain. "I am the captain, air," said that jolly old fellow, all in a maze at the spetacle beforebhm ; "now who on earth, or rather on water, are yon ?" "Glad to see you, captain," replied the risitor; "sorry 1 haven't a card with me. but you have doubtless heard of Orlando oggae I am he." Well, ir Boggs," said the naptain .n still greater wonderment at the easy affabality of the man, "I am not sure whether lam glad to see you or not; I must con tess, too, that I never heard of you in my lifd; out with it, man, and tell me who you are and how you happen to be on board my ship ' "Captain, I am Orlando Boggs, the swimmer. How I happen to be here is simple enough. Last evening I came down to the beach, as is my usual custom, to take a swim. My system most be out of gear in some way, for when I was out thirty or forty miles I went to sleep and evidently kept right on swimming. It was just daylight when I awoke, and, look. ingaboutme, I espied yourship. Know. ilg my average speed, and judging by the rising sun what time it was, I inwardly roasted myself for going to sleep and getting so far from land without any pre. parations or supplies. I began to feel the. g?awings of hunger, and realising that it wouldtake me several hours to return to the' city, I determined to overhaul you and ask your hospitality for a meal, and here I am. That's all there i to it, captain." "Why, confound it man; you don't mean to tell me that you-why man, are you crazy?" "No, captain, I am not crazy, but I am. very hungry." " You swam all the way out here and then overhauled my ship going twenty miles an hour ' stammered the captain; "you did this?" " Why, certainly; you don't know my record, captain, or you wouldn't be so in eredulous ; that is nothing for me, sir." " You come right down to my stateroom, Mr Bogge; you can have anything you want on this ship." hir Boggs, for sure enough it was that same individual with plenty of time and cheek, was soon fitted out with dry garments and was enjoying a hearty breakfast with the captain. During the meal he related to the captain numberless performances in which he had blee *n "And now, Captain Ifnlasy, snow u, • thank you for your kindness sand your hoe. pitaity," saId Air Bogn, as ha finished his coffee; 'if you will have the steward tie me up a couple of sandwiches and let me have my wet clothes I wll start back; 1 want to reach home by supper time, at least." "Now, see here, Mr Boggs, I like you, and as you have intimated onoe or twice you have nothing particular on hand just now, I want to invite you to stay aboard with me for the round trip; I shall take it as a favor if you will ; come noe, sayyer " Mr Bogg declared he would be de. lighted, but called the captaino's attention to the fact that he had come away from home without money or luggace. "How can I, captain," said he, "with only a pair of pants, a pair of suspenders and a neglige shirt " "Don't you worry about these things," replied the captain; "you can have all the clothes and money you need while you are with me ; you are my guest as long as you will stay." And so it was arranged. Cheek had sue aeeded in taking Mr Boggs across the ocean in first-class style withouta cent. It was a joelly trip both or lr Boggs and the captain, and the formermadehlmself very entertain. ig to all the pasengers; there was othing too good for Boggs on the Orpheus. On arrival at LUverpool the captainand hisgueat went ashore for a little change. One of the first things that struck their notice was the advertisements of a great swimming contest to take place that same afternoon. A great champion had challenged the world to swim for a stake of 1000dol., the test being both speed and distance. "Wby, hre, Boggs," exclaimed the cap tain," this isjuast in your line; yon ought to enter this and win that money ; will you, if the entries are not closed !" The question for a moment staggered Boggs, but ha quickly braced op and re plied chat he would only be too glad todo nso. The captain went to make inqulir and presently returned, saying he had made allthe arrangements and had put up the money. Bogs toldhimhbe would beobliget to draw on him fora little money to get some neessarion for the match, and his friend gave. him the casrh without the least hesitation. logge then disappeared, but just about 51 minutes before the time eot for the stenO ha showed up. Hie was a aight. He was dressed intlghte and on his shoulders and armswere numberless bundles anod pshageas, amoeg them beinga small oil-atove and some ntenelle for cooking. The oaptain greeted him warmly. "All right, Boggs, my boy!" Got every. thing you want " heasked. " 'es, I guess so," repiled that oheeky individual. ' Only Idoe t know anythiang about my opponent, and I am in doubt whether or not I ought ta take along another ham and a few docen eggs." "Wia t'sthat " saidL the champion, com logup. "emamandeggs. Yoedon't mean to my youre going swimm.g with all that truck on you ? mabt.sit all, sanyw. " "' What is it ." replied aogg, as. u r prised at thequsestion. "What is it. Why. seppliesfor the tep, of course." S upplies !" ylled the champion. "Why, how long doyou expect to be gonea" "'That depends entirely on you, ar," replied Boggs with dignity. "All .I havre to do to win the money is to swim longer and faslter than you do. L only intend to keep just ahead of you, and it you should keep me outin the oean for a manth or two I don't wan't to starve, do 1I Where are yoursupplles, sir. Itstrikes me it is time lorcu to'aet." Say, see heare, mister, is that the way you always swim; do you mean to say yeou go ot andstay two and three months at a "Certainly," said Boggs, "twt or three montbhe are nothing. I swam one matchr with a native Malay which lasted twenty one moneths. Come on, let us stlart." "gay, mister, I don't think I want to awim with you; you are out of my clare; I give it up and you can have the money: I am willing to give it up just to .ave a look at a man rigged out for a three months' swuonning match: you beat me, you do." Orlando i;eggs now had plenty of money for his trip abroad, for tile cap' tain insisted on iiis taking the -Oo3dols. They went up to London to.ether, and after seeingq the English capital Ir liogges went over to the continent and spent everal months in keen enjoyment encircling the globe, seeinc all the eights, and he did it all on his cheek. ew Father : "What's the baby erylfog far ' Mlother: "lecaus I told him he Icok-d like you." 