SIORT 'STORY. The Sherbrooke Mystery 33T ANNZT . IAI.DA '. - (Conoludea.) 'Thsy both agreed as to detail of the story acn Back and 1 saw instantly that it was truthfuliy told. "Ai-ah I" exclaimed the former, at length. "Tnas must bo looked into. And where' tLhe little dog '" " Ii's ont there yet," volunteered B-)ily; " we ould hear him cry till we got clear down the road." Duck ran acroea the street to Squire Put. 1y'e, and in a tfw wordd told him all about Needless to say our supper was untasted, luntil a late hour that night. -Nearly all the mile inhabitants of Sher. Ibrooka, headed by the squire and piloted by the boys, started out to investigate the imatter. 'No pilots wore needed, however, for the idog detective still remained yelping over the orie he had unearthed, and guided by his imournlul howls no one could go astray, Itiaolehing the spot, the qiiiro knelt down and 'wiped 'the 'dirt from the dead woman's fhee. (faco, "ilt's tnuy iaviel 'Good God I" lie o. 'claimed in a tone of horror, at thoeaume tiate ilalling 'beclk a low pacos. )After a terrorstrickon puaoe of a moment eor'two,'some of/us a t to work t1 ecxhume the Ihonty, A 'low hilveltoule of ot rthl and the Iform dl a wonm , without shroud or collin, Ibut'fully drcsse in the ordinary garments ol Ilifo,waes eponi . Abont the body a white enrbatanceo cVe tPlcintifully spriilkled,'and vIMa tounlito be bclori:, of lime, douhtlles? plaecd Ilheretoinsure st 'dy dccomnositinn. Everyone recognired poor Lucy Davis, and iraw.tho rigid and livid murk upon the neck, pointed out by the siqiro. lit was evident aslo had been muracred by eltrmngldlation, 'and tossed, dressed as she was rat Ithe 'moment of her violent death, iinto;thorudograve where the dog had found hber. ludokklhon rectlled theiquarrel between the lSaultwoman and her huebund which lie had wiicaeell 'the preoeding day when the cap. Ithil Ilhal stood before hie angry wife playing %with tho whipoord, 'lhe cottage was gaarched, and toeord was lounUi lying on the floor of tie room, which, whoen Itried lupon theo womaun's neck, titted rtmadily tthe'rigid, livid cirole. In lltlodllet wUaseaqluautilty a 'white ubstaneBprecisely ignimilr ito that seen in the grave,, and those artidles Ibelorglng'itoMirs. Davis'found upon Ithe uropsomawr missaig from the house. lt irsomeoa 'ee ll oro could he vo n o ro ioalbttlaest t the criminal then the crimo. EHaily mext mnorning Jack .oame to into lyidnllioe, a travollirigsatcbhel in hie hand. '"'od've mot iinflnidod your vaoation, isuroly.?"l akled inseurprise. " i'vo 'voluntarily 'ehortened it," he an. iowered;'" I'm going 'lack to ithe city with Ithis case on .hand. 'There's enough in it to iiuteret a good many people." "*(Good-by, then;" said .; '".lt me hear lfronyou, Buck." "el(Oftyo," Vho 'agented'; "' good Juolk to iyou nwith your cliont," iand in another me. uoontlhe was off. lihostartling onffir.of thoeimght previout Ihadeeomowhat dinim'ieehd Ihoenovelty of my town wviitor, ibut IBuck'e romarks brought Ibaokhtho imyelory again, nod 1 fell to wonder. ling where siho was, land if she had board of the terriloe crime Jpopotraled upon a woman who lihad Lbecn inoveory lie ito bhcmo 'hoer ,hotstss. /Atdinner timoe l wrilkei over to 'theto'cel anil glaioaed ovUr Ithe list of arrivala of three idays UhLlute in ithe vaeuo hope of finding coaoiilusription of a Arla eryl sonmobody; but 1\was disappointed. 'lPho ionly lady stranger wa s in Mra s,, lMarkton, who, with her little boy, had only staycd over night .and wont away the noxt nuoneing. IEvidently my client had nsd honored the ihotelwhilh a visit; where on earth could she 'havegono to,Puloass Ab took the late night 'train for comoe other place, was the great ,quorj in mind. And then her own worde, "IDo not attempt to writo to me or find me ou';" camo thaok to my mind, and I oona cluded ishe haid l proobly had it in her mind to leave 'Sl'rbrooke when sho uttered them, nlo.a few diaya reoivod f~thle lotter from Bnldk. Utlran 4DLiMAn4 OY. 'ou'iknow authority was placed In mio hand ias to the Davia murder, so, alter ienortaining th tht le captain had sailedforNow/'ork, Police Captain Lcmmer and myself searched diligently among the t'hipping until we found the ' Onward' moored at an EIot .livor pier, I went on board 'end Said, "-.Good-morning, onptain. I'm sorry to itraibloyou, but J'veo a varrant for your .arrest:' a ACrret:.l for whaht' nexolaimed hoe, groatlyaetonilied. "'Fov the murdor of your wife;' eaid I. l .Melrder ol my wifte That tan't bo I Lnoy isn't doad l' '.* Yes, lhe:is , strangled by n oord.' *t'ne old fellow rusa to his fool and looked me iedlamnly and steadily in the face. ,"'.eir;' said he inally, * if Luoy'e dead, ' I 'don't.know it;; I bad a qlarrrcl with her the night :loft, rand gavo her a pieco of my minl, but God i L my wtinecs that I didn't puta hand upon ihocr' 'I looked n with Ia ;good &aIe; at interest upon the man who ncould deny a crime with whiob he was so strougly linked by circum. ieantial evidence, ibut .1 took him all the came, and wd'll bo there in hcerbrooeo soma time to.morroW.. :Sao you to-morrow night, probably. . How's your ono olientl" 'That was all referring to the murder. 'The next dniy itho jpooplo of Sherbrooke CeLnid pirfeotly mad. ,Vhen UIIuk and his c': -'go arrived,'l:o ,captain weu surrounded b a huooting mob' that pelted him with olp pro Iloue epilletf, and with dillioulty could be routraiuud from doing violence to his jraon., but Iho bo hlimnel bravely and uu ,daismayed Ithrough ilt all, llia.couduot, Lhrwovor, was only noted to Iis digmeait, for the citizecn could not re member,any halroned wrotcl who had co boldly flaunted his critno in the faoc of an outraged people. Well, in duo time the grand jury was con vened, and his cso oousideored. There waoe no more .doubt of Iia guilt i that ollicial body than in thie community at large, and hle was formally indicted for tho murden of Lucy Davis. Wlhoul.uok took the news to him in hie oll, 'ho only said, *" God's will be done." '111 porlect resignation hbad by this time won on Duok'e kind heart, and he inquired it he didn't wish t ouegago counsel to defend bim at the approanhieg trial. Tio old olaptain's floa brightoned a little at tluo first faint telig of symupathy, but he neplied, ,"I theank you, friend, but I don't need no ltwyer. God knows I am innoeent of this orime and Ise will prove it in hie own good time." Tho summer had lengthened into an early autumn I the September days had begun to be somewhat ohilly, and in all thin time no nowa came of my myaterious client. Bovorni other emall caseo had boon con. fided to me, and Ihad hopt tolorably ousy in the interim, hut onao in a whilo I uned to glt out those piapre and look them over and wonder it over 1 abould Ico the little woman again. n Buok uild to )oae mo unmercifully about It (g.lL ?h he wua uunacquiinled with the tu)} (lrtliuelars) and oteeo suggealed that I 'cueo' rowanee outlitlod " A IUlauk Ikryl," ie! nan returneid to hin regular work 1i tlheity, but ran dorwn every now and then frequently on tlie Naturday eveuling train, tr tacy over night with mu and spend tun day. The slleht fact that hin nanone had Ipent the sumimr months It l.horbrookt and was anSion - iLL I 9iqb. miltt lh I did 0ot consider as important as the fondness for my company, so auddenly evinced, and so I used to tell him, but he always claimed hie great interest in the Davis murder case refused to let him sleep nights in New York, andha wanted to be out here to be near the old man in case of a mob. The day appointed for the trial of the prisoner was clone at hand, when our quiet villge was troubled by a new terror. Ode remarkabhly pleasant September mor ing, vhl bo the hildren were all on their way to scholol, tie eastern coach stopped, a ghost desceeded, and walked leisurely with overy semhlinee of life down the road toward the long deserted nottage on the heach. As Bobby M oiler coinIled to mou.fterward, "it woe a horriblo, real, hlve ghost." for it tticd to pat the shrinking boy on his curls, and nodded familiarly to soveral people whom it nmt on the way. & number of persona were ready to sweas that this ghost was endowed with human passions, and that they almost saw a flush of anger rise to its oheeks when it found the wholu town avoiding it in uncauooalod terror. But it was a peraintent ghost, Tor it walled ttLi4;, on until it reaeh.d the gardun unto, wLlch it found nailed up ; and it developed a talkative propensity when it discovereed the pigs running riot among the vegetablees and lowers. It the voice of the dead Lucy I)avie it ex olained in a peevish tone: "That ,John Davis'll be the death of mr yet I Lotting them pCsky hugs toot up things eso I" It is needleos to prolong rile story; the ghort was no other than my old enemy. Luoy Davis, whom I lihad firmly believed te hoe leeping quietly in her grave. WVhen Bauckli lled upon her ill search of tartie. lats, she gave the following aceotc.it in lihe own languago : " 've often give John seas, but li's never ive ma no seas until that last row we had. lhen lie did fire up and blazo out, lavin' mtu madder'n all futory. lie's got a tongue writh a deal o' meanness in it, now I tell ye. Well, he dug out in his sloop, an' I made up my mind not to fet him come home and think he'd pot the boat of it, so I packed up too and walked an foot that night to Weybor, wshereby nobody knew me, and took the coach to hout up a coasin o' nine that's mnrried and seatled in Vermont, Of course 1 heard nothing abont this ' body business' that they thought was me, and after my visiting streak got worn out, I started home again, but 'twas nothin' in the world but the merest luck that brought me eo soon ; my cousin Maria, ael was a going tow do some quilting for the winter, an' I'd partly pro ndised to stay a few weeks longer and help her, but Lord knows I never meant no harm to John. That peaky ' body 'musthave stole my best skirts and table cloths an' that whole sat of silver Ehiny that John brought mo from Dosting." 'Thabt'e the whole story. Davis was, of course, instantly released from prison and thollegal proceedings against him etopped, and after that Sherbrooke never heard of any more disturbance be.o tweno the captain and his wife. Somoe little time afterward I was talking with the old man about the affair and all of a rndden he thrust his hand into the ea pacloes pocket of his seaman's trousers and pulled forth rumething which he handed to no, "Hero'o what Lucy fished today, out's our old well that's dried up," he said. I eramined the trinket with eager Inte rest. It was the same ring, the samo fan taetit design and ,curious setting, the same ghastly glimmer to the stone, that my myetio client had worn upon her finger that warm July afternoon, two months ago. I turned it over and over. Inside, in delicate letters was inscribed "oBeryl." That was all. " Did your wife find anything else?" I strove to ask carelessly. "Lemme see," he reflected for as moment. " Oh,yes, asuit of black mourning an' thick veil, thicker'n a board I should say. Luoy gave it to Mr Johnson, and site would have let him have this, only I had it in my pockot." fuck and I went to wdrk upon the new facts of the case, and I oonflded to him the whole story of my lilent. We traced the ring to a Now York pawn shop, where it had been placed for sale by a Oorman lady and from which place it had been eold to a womana-the description of whom compared almost identioally with that of Lucy Davis, It was one of those strange, mysterious re. semblanuee with which one meets rarely, and was that which had an impressed me with anuir of familiarity about my client. I wrote to the few names I had possession of in the woman's papers. irom some I never hoard at all; others henow nothing of a woman named "Beryl somuothing," the title must have been fic. titloue. Fromt only one person did I hear anything likely to contain a shadow of the truth. Thnis one wrote that a woman answering to my description was the wife of a noted English burglar named Collingby, now dead; the woman was his olever accomplice, aiding him greatly with her ladylike air, quiet man. aore and wonderful habit of gaining confi. donce and friendship wherever she boarded and formed acquaintances. But of course nothing was certain. Buck deolarcd it wee the frst case upon which he had avor came oil worsted, and he returned to Now Yorkl with llt pretty wife, and felt rather disgusted with Sherbrooke. A mystery has always brooded over thq Davis cottage and the murder still remains an nasolubl eonigma. tFifton years have now elapsed without any detection of the murderer. A number of artitles were missing from the house, and a close scrutiny showed that the strange woman had not only been there, but had probably been murdered there during the nightulttereDavis and his wife left. 'The cord found in the room had fitted the noeck, and the chlor!do of lime in the collar had evidently been disturbed, while the house was generally disarranged. Mrs Davis's absence from the house was' not known or proven until after the finding of the body, and its identification was so absolute that of course no search was made for a woman known to be dead, and Luay herself, bolng lin a retired spot of a distant State, had tieard nothing of her supposed death and subsequent evetes. My client was believed to have been one of a party of bhrglars who entered the house, and oomo quarrel having arisen, she had beoen murdered by the other uembers ol the t hvo kept tie ring to gve tobuLok's little idauglltur, lurel, when the time comes, and the papcoro I have still, safely put away. The caso yet recmains among the unfinished polioe business. No human effort has ever learned more thian weeas discovered by tile brute instincte of the dog, when he pawed the secret of the crimo from the shallow grave in the dark forest. 8o, you esee, " murderwillnot always out." A noted Bunday.school worker was once asked to talk on the subject of tempcerance. 1io is very earnest in the cause and wears a blocue ribbon as a badge of his pilciples. tisling before the school he poiated to his bit of blue ribbon and said : "Now, can any of you children give me a reason why I am not a drunkard 1'" 'Thore was no reply for a moment I then a childish little voite in the rear of the room pised out: S'Cause tbis lsa orohibitton towr." 