BREVITIES. Saints Go up one. Bat what aho it to-day ? Essendon is a big order. Doubtful if the unexpected happens. Mayor Davies' first Concert next Tuesday. The gold medal quartette to appear. Extra long sitting of the St Kilda Council last Monday, The Hon. George, in the absence of the Mayor, presided. Is it gcod form to ran down one's own councils ? Should we not stand up for our local bodies, and try and save the rate payers' monej. There has nothing been made public about the Tennyson Smith balance sheet yet. Can anybody paint ont what good was done. Did not the last meeting put a set on the whole thing ? Brooklyn Entertainters at tbe Cen tennial Hall, on Thursday, July 5tb . Batchers made a great show. First and second prizes came to Prahran — bound to be in front. If you want a local pai' go tj the local papers — but if you want any printing go to somebody else. — Is that fair? Lyric Club Concert at the Town Hall a swell affair. The quartette in the first part not quite up to Concert pitch. It is not true that the Prahran Building Society can pull dawn, at their own sweet will, the building lately occupied by Mr. Green. They have got three or four years' rent to pay for it first. — A bright look out for shareholders. Cr. Furneaux is the prize conundrum man ; he's always in it. Hon. James Service addressed the St Kilda Council on Monday last. Made out a good cass. Mayor Jacoby looks well after the interests of the ratepayers. Mr. Deakin's speech was a regular staggerer for the Hon. James. — He'd better have left his interests alone, for rt Alfred ' simply squelched him. What will the member for Prahran do this session ? Mr. A. Jackson, secretary Victorian Sunday-school Onion, addressed the Mt. Erica Wesleyan school on Sanday afternoon last. It was a splendid address, and the youngsters thoroughly enjoyed it. City Mission held a concert or some thing or other the other night, but bad not the courtesy to send us tickets. Cr, John Commission J.P. Turner's holiday is not up, although he sat in the council last meeting. Says Richmond to Prahran : 'We'll sue you for damages.' But who's to assess them ? Bather a difficult thing. How many Richmond people are there interested in that Bnrnley bridge ? and what good would it do them ? Cr. Naylor great on the fire brigades job re that land purchase. Canmt you take it further, Mr. Councillor, and try to find oat who sold the land to the board ? — Said to be very in teresting. The Bishop of Tasmania preiched at All Saints' on Sanday evening last. Mr. Gladstone Wright sang in hie best style a new rendering of ' When I survey the Wondrous Gross.' — It was a treat Mr. Chas. Traelore is a grand man amongst the boys, and his choir is second to none in Victoria. The way his lads sing shows how perfectly he has them under control. What a terrible washing of dirty linen there was in court on Monday. Dr. Fetherstone was pretty decided in the matter of counsel amenities. Thai's right doctor don't let the lawyers have so much license. Mr. Seton Williams wins nearly all his cases — he generally tells Me clients before hand pretty straight about their chance, and does not beat about the bush. Have you read tbo Rev, Horace Tucker's work on ' The new Arcadia,' if tot get it for its one of the best stories yet written, dealing with the social problem. Ministers as a role like to be reported, but how little they support the PresB, they era not very wise in this respect Is Mr. Leesels going in for Poly gamy, his two songs were addressed to Mary. Mr. N. J. Maude took his eeat on Friday, as Clerk of the Coart of Petty Sessions at St. Kilda. In the case of the girl Ada Hicks never was illustrated more forcibly a case of tbe biter bit. She gave old Koebecke away, thinking to get him into trouble, but of course brought herself within the meshes ot the law, and as a result she got 12 months'. Another case of playing with edged tools. The Trades Hall are going in for organisation in political matters. Surely the party will not be insane enongh to again contest Prahran, for there is not the ghost of a show of their candidate being returned. Mr. Fink was very amusing in the court. He was his own lawyer and said . he would re-examine himself. He said he gave Mr. James, collector, some very lorid language and told him to go to a very warm place. Mr. Fink brought a person in the eauiB . iihuo— uu .opposition man to eay that the carpet was too dear, -but *mid mach laughter this witness had to admit that he had never seen the carpet, so as the Bench put it, how on earth, could he speak as 'to the Tblue of what he had never seen. In a ' very facetious style Mr. Fink said the costs were cheap — very cheap— and' drily eaid 'would tbe Bench give him time ' (Laughter) 'yes, they'd give him the day out' remarked the clerk, and then very nonchalantly our friend left the court. He'd a bit of fun for Jus money after alL ..'.,. ,',, ' ' 