TALMUD; : , 1. ,1 . r. I ' Copyright. J p. Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. .Funded on natural facts, BY IVAN DEXTER.. Chapter xxvii.-(Continued.) For a long time all that could be' done was to make the place secure from attack, or at least to strengthen it as much as possible, and this work was carried out with skill by Bonin and his wife, who gave him good counsel. , Nearly all the entrances were blocked up in the most effectual manner, and those not so treated were altered so cleverely that only those who knew the secret could find the way in or out. Whilst the women fished .in the lake the men did this work, and occa sionally a short raid was made outside to get some animal food, for in those days our ancestors eat meat. " 4 When it was found that the sav ages, who had so long oppressed and destroyed our race, were afraid to enter caverns, it became no longer doubtful as to what should be done. Outside enemies swarmed, for they were enraged at the escape of their prey, and they were so dangerous that at last it was no longer safe to venture out at all. The band/however, by this time were be- , coming quite used to their new mode of life, and they had - a variety of fish food. " ' In many places also where the sun streamed down cracks or crevices in the rocks a growth of vegetation had sprung up, and some of it was found eatable. These plants were carefully collected and cultivated until they formed a welcome addition to the food supply. You have seen some of them in the plantation. Bonin also in his wanderings gathered many kinds of strange seeds, and these have been the means of perpetuating valuable medi cinal herbs and scrubs which have long since become extinct on the sur face. Vou have yourself experienced the efficacy of two or three of . them used for wounds; but there are others for various sicknesses which you have not seen. / t , " ' As one generation succeeded an other this settlement was built up. The white passage, as it .was called, through which Video found her way out when she rescued her husband from death was almost entirely composed of crys tals. As time rolled on these were \- placed, as you see, to reflect light,- and more than two hundred years were occupied in the work. Beds of marble were found' later on in a spot you have not yet seen, and this was also pressed into service. " ' Gradually even the streaks of sun light which came through the fissures were blocked in order to make the- place more secret, and in the course of generations a race was developed that could not look upon the sun. The heated ground, where the plantation is, was irrigated and made capable of growing abundance, but great difficulty was experienced in- getting sufficient light to it ; but at last even that was ac complished. "'We are now, as you see, a peace ful and happy community, more con tented than any of our ancestors. As Video saved the race We honor and re spect women, as you must-notice. The chief is both priest and leader. He marries by his simple word, and what he says is the supreme law. For more than a hundred years there has not been a single dispute, and the people are so healthy that there are a number of men and women here who are more than a century old. "'The descendants of cannibals, who nearly destroyed our race, are those wretched .blacks who now run in terror from our people. By that you will see that living underground has not degenerated but rather improved us, whilstHhe surface race must have ;gone back a great deal.' " Have you no religion ?" I asked, as the old man concluded. '.' Do you not worship a great Being?! "'We love one another in life, and as we would do for ourselves so each of us would do for the other. Surely there- can be no greater religion on earth.than . that. When we awake from our long i . Bleep we believe theris another, and \- even a- better, life awaiting us ; but we " 1 do not in this life pretend to say of ' describe what it may be,' he answered, simply. CHAPTER XXVIII. the writing ON t, he wall "I must again explain," said O'Mdl- ley to his auditors, " that owing to the strange language used by Oenorb, and the (act that at least half; the expres- \- sions he used have absolutely . no. . equivalent in the English language, the- short sketch I have given you is neces sarily hazy and mutilated." , "It appears from what I canrgatber," remarked Mjlls, )' that these under ground people claim direct and uncon- taminated descent from a quite pre- >. historic race. If that be so they have brought down a- pre-historic language, and no modern one could hope to " -furnish equivalents for the greater por- . - tion ofit, The fact that they appeared ' to be in continual warfare with other surrounding races would also point -j them out as: a conservative people not vi likely to be influenced by other sources ''< ; save their own traditions." "That is quite so. From what I (ran gather the original ancestors lived somewhere along the Himalayan Main tains,- probably near the western boun- 1 dary of modern Burmah. After long v sees of residence there Sr.vthians or Tartar hordes may haye pressed down on them and compelled an evacuation of their ancient birth-place. This must have , been in far pre-Christian days, for the old chief talks of the exodus coming down to a place about or under the equator, and he infers that at the time Australia and- Asia were connected. " There is no doubt they were at one time ; but it must have been at an'rex- traordmarly remote period, unless the severance is due to a great convulsion of nature. The traditions imply that the latter cause did result. " The sea running over the land and engulfing the bulk of the race which the chief witnessed from the hill, apparently took place on the northern shores of Australia, No mention was made by Oenorb of boats used in crossing ; but there I should think tradition is at lault, as how did the curiously shaped canoes and boats come on the underground lake. They appear to have been imita tions of proas, or, at least, small craft used by some of the Pacific islan ders." "I don't think that would affect the case much;" Mills argued. "Some races must be creative and not initiative. Besides, if Oenorb's people crossed or came to this continent, as he says, there would scarcely be such peoples. as South Sea islanders. , He says that Video found the caverns thirty lives ago. Taking a life to mean a genera tion or thirty years, that would meaii nine hqndred years ago or about the tenth century of the Christian era. He also says that it was long ages previous to this that the first chief brought his people to the south land, so that he must claim an enormous antiquity." "Would their complexions and habits not show that these people have been living in caves for hundreds of years ?" asked Strangway; " I don't think so," replied the squat ter, thoughtfully. " You have told us that when you first saw O'Malley he .was as pale as a ghost, and yet he had only been underground for ten years." " But his eyes were not pink or red," objected Strangway. "That, of course, would go to sup port your_ argument to some extent; Unless originally a race of Albinos it would take some few generations to change the color of the eyes in that fashion," returned Mills. " Perhaps they were originally a race of Albinos," suggested Stanley. "That is most improbable. No such freak as a race of Albinos was ever yet known. A few instances frequently occur amongst all peoples, black as well as white, but by intermarriage with normal people the peculiarity is not handed down. I daresay it might be in the course of centuries possible to pro duce quite a race of Albinos by com pelling them to marry ,only amongst themselves, but scientists even doubt that," the squatter answered. "If these people were originally a race of Albinos they would to some ex tent be a marked body and liable to the incessant attack vspoken of," suggested Strangway. "But OenoW'-Gistinctly said they were, if not black, at lefist, brown coloured," resumed O'Malley. " l am quite 'convinced they are the descen dants of some Asiatic race who in past times were compelled to seek refuge from their enemies in caves which they made so strong or bewildering that their foes could not follow them. You must remember also that the work I saw done in these strange galleries, grottos and huge chambers to my mind clearly shows that it required successive gene rations to execute it. I am convinced that with the small band in the begin ning and the rude tools at their com mand hundreds of years were so occu pied. "Again Oenorb has traditions of the mammoth and the huge animals which once roamed Australia, and the few words he says on the latter are fairly correct. He mentions that some were of huge bulk, but they were easily killed by the warriors. This would be true of the giant sloth, and to some degree of the other extinct animals. None of them, it is asserted, had the ferocity or strength of the present lion or tiger, though there were, judging, from the fossil remains discovered, a species of lion and tiger on this continent. "Then, too, he speaks of the strange rock drawings sometimes found on the northern coasts of Australia. What pre-historic race drew these uncouth and monstrous sketches? It must have been men coeval with the animals they depicted and assuredly not the present aboriginals. "According to Oenorb his people did not get south of the continent — in deed not lower than the centre— and no such drawings have been found on the southern coasts or in the caverns. I firmly believe. that in/these subterranean dwellers I saw the descendants of that pre-historic race, whose monuments arc sometimes found in the Indian Archi pelago," concluded O'Malley. After a pause he went on : "I riientioned to you that whilst in the caverns I made a . gruesome dis covery, and I will now narrate it. . " After I had been seven years in the place I abandoned all hope of ever getting, back . to the sunlight. ; Years before Oenorb arid Anscra told me that if ever they saw any of my own race in the vicinity they would lead me to them. I well knew that it would be simply madness for me to attempt a journey to white settlements of my own people from the place I was. " Half blind, as I was, unarmed and ghastly looking, without food or means of travelling, I would either have fallen a victim to the first blacks who saw me, or my bones would bleach in the desert through hunger or thirst. I knew that I was not more than a dozen miles from the spot where I had been taken from Stuart's camp, -.and could, therefore, locate my position. My only hope of escape was to be handed over to the care of men like you, who would succor and lead me out of the wilderness, or, at least,, aid me until my helplessness had disappeared." > ' "I was nearly shootinc vou when I first caught sight, of you amongst the horses," laughed Strangway. : " I daresay I looked an extraordinary creature-enough, so that you can; see how wise it was not to -turn me adrift alone. At the end of six or seven years I ha'd practically given up hopes of rescue, as. I have said, for what white men would come into that -out-of-the-way region? Anscra noticed my resigna tion, and therefrom more liberty was allowed- me. Previous to this period 1 could not go beyond the town,, except to the lake, unless a companion was with me; but soon, I was allowed full freedom, and, consequently, made some discoveries. "One morning I left my -tent or screen very early and was attracted by the sight of the last body of scavengers, as I may call them, going -towards the torrent I mentioned into which the re fuse was flung. I thought I would fill . in the time by accompanying them and see the operation. " When I got to the wall, round which the sewer-stream ran, 1 stood for a few minutes watching the men shoot the rubbish down. As I turned away my eyes caught sight of a sniall dark re cess in the rock to my left, and going to it I peered in. It was much -darker than any- other portion of the under ground settlement. Iliad- yet seen, but objects could be faintly distinguished. 1 climbed into the darksome place and could immediately detect that- the pas sage was seldom or never used. .. " Going along it for about three hun dred yards it suddenly inclined up wards at a pretiy sharp grade, but i could now sec better and kept on. At last I came to a spot where a rugged rdck barred the way; but at the summit I noticed that there was more light and it was plain., that the underground gallery continued at a higher level. With a great effort I scalled the rock and then found I was in one of these oval caverns so numerous in that queer region. ' ' "It was not so large as most of the others, and though not so gloomy as the passage I had just traversed it was darker than usual. The most remark able thing about it was the number of passages radiating from it. I counted no fewer than eleven, and they were fantastically arranged. In places two openings appeared side by £ide like the tubes of a double-barrelled gun, whilst again the dual openings might be in vertical fashion— one above the other- Some of them were large whilst others had a diameter only sufficient to allow a man to crawl on his hands and knees. " I was almost on the point of turn ing back when the desire for novelty possessed me and I decided to continue my explorations. Ypu can easily under stand that to a man like myself, used to an active travelling life, the sameness of the underground existence became distasteful to me after a time. " For years I had thought that, with one exception, no part of the subter ranean settlement was concealed from me, and now, perhaps, I had discovered the place I wanted. Selecting one of the largest galleries, or rather passages, I boldly entered it and found that it almost immediately turned off with a sharp curve. This puzzled me, for I thought it must cross or interfere with some of the other passages . which branched off so numerously from the cavern. After going fifty yards I found that this was so, for two other tunnels entered the one which I went. '! Further on more passages were en countered, and soon they all focussed into a smaller cavern. This was an ex ceedingly pretty grotto— one of the prettiest I have ever seen. It was dia mond-shaped and quite light. This was caused by a gleam of sunlight which came from a small fissure in the roof. Either this crevice had been overlooked by the underground dwellers when they excluded the sunlight, or the place had not been visited for a long time and the erosion of time had caused it. . " At first I concluded that I must be near the summit of the range, but as I reflected that it could not be long after sunrise I saw that the crevice must come from the eastern side of the hill, pro bably from a precipice or the sunbeams would not strike it. It. was the first time in seven years that I had a glimpse of the sun, and, throwing myself on the floor of . tHe cave, I looked at the danc ing beams for at least an hour. , Occa sionally I saw a flying insect come in and flutter for a moment like a speck of gold in the light. - " I gave myself up to memories .of the outside world as I lay there, but gradually , the golden streak of light got thinner and thinner, until finally it flickered out and disappeared as the sun rosp towards the zenith. It seemed to me ?s if tjie happiness of my life de parted with it and tbe gloom that filled the chamber was an index of the shadow on my heart. " I mentally resolved that I would come to the place every morning and watoh the sunbeam, as it would be a little solace to me. Then the Idea struck me -that I might be able in that Unused portion of the settlement to find some outlet whence I could accus tom myself to the daylight, after which I could endeavor to make my way back to white settlement for this I had now firmly resolved to do. "Getting to my feet I again com menced to explore the ' place. The opening through which the light came pointed east, of course, and talcing the passage, that led that way I went on. It was a dismal enough tunnel, and in more than one place branched off in a most confusing manner. As I was going by one of the side galleries a speck of light arrested .my attention. It was a considerable distance away, but eagerly I went towards it filled with with a new hope Which I could not ex press. The passage was low and narrow in places, so much so that I had to creep oh tny hands nnd knees to get through. As I approached the light assumed larger proportions, and, after passing the last contracted spot, the tunnel opened and became of consider able dimensions. ,.") (to be continued, i 