OUR CHATTIPHONE. Authorized and Pirated Whis- perings. [ALL RIGHTS REVERSED] Mr. Pattereoo in ? Yes, here be is. Oh, Mr. P., bow is the backbone to-day t What the dickens do you mean ? * 1 People are saying that you are suffering from general enfeeblementof tbe backbone. Iudeed, what ate the symptoms.? — Torpidity. in tbe region of agentgener.al ? department,, a bad attack, of propearsok. a bad pulse, and a breakdown ot tbe ameriea ma riager. Clever people, arn't they? Tbey say you soffer from the air of the recess. Let 'em say it I'm Jim Patterson, boss of this country,' and I'll do as I like, and don't yon make any mistake. Dear, dear, dear 1 Brain softening as well. Dear, dear 1 W.C.T.U. ? Oh, yes, plenty of those about. Dear ladies Well, yoo nice old man 2 We noticc tbat you are agitating for Parliament to stop tbe 6ale of tobacco to lads under 18 years of age. Yes. And for the Govcrnmont to suppress the automatic cigarette machines at the rail way stations. Certainly. A Any other reforms'ln contemplation? We' intend to get a law passed to sup press newspapers which commenting ad versely on us. A wise step. , And for the establishment of a committee I to regulate the style of bats and collars 1 worn by men. Right you are. We shall ] provide that no men shall be allowed in the streets after 9 p.m. nnlcss accompanied by their mothers or wives. A judicious step. miliaria will be prohibited. So that's your cm, is it ? Anything further. Nothing more until our committee meets I again. Thanks. ' Constant Subscriber?' Oh, goodness, there are so many of them. Never mind, give us the first to band. Well, here is one. Mr. Constant Subscriber, have you sent your subscription to tbe Age defence fond yet? Not yet, but I have written a letter of sympathy. Ah, just so. Words without deeds. Doesn't it strike you tbat £200 in the first week to pay off £21,000 law coBts is rather slow work 7 Ah, my dear boy, you don't understand. When tbe sympathy is well worked up we'll get the Government to pay tbe bill. Why? Ob, we'll call it a 11 State trial.' Then, of course, the 'Government will be asked to pay Speight's cost6. Well, yes ; mnst do that to rob tbe Mel. bourne Argut of any opportunity to object. Then the country will have to pay £30,000. Certainly. What is tbat for a blooming country like thiB. Ab, dear, it's a nice little game. So it is. Minnie 1 Well? . ' Wc want to' tallT to a BET'Kilda ^uetlbe ; without mentioning his name. My goodness, do you know how many, justioes there are at St, Kilda ? Ob, some hundreds— more than at anjr other place in the colony. Give ns tbe first on your list. Right. Ting-a- ling.a-ling. | Is that you, justice ? ! It is. Do you sit on the bench ? ; Sometimes. j What do you think of tbe bench die charging those ' married men and heads of families' for bathing on tbe beachcl&d; only in Adam's primeval garb 7 What was that 7 His skin, of course. | Oh, yes, yes ; certainly. Well I think it an absurdity to bring np respectable men for a thing like that Why, good gracious, man, up country you'll find hundreds con gregated at a favorite bathing spot in a river. Just so, but supposing it bad been a conple of Colliogwood roughs wbo had been caught ? We should have fined them— smart. Where is tbe difference ? Ob, go to biases with your questions. Say. Theta we may announce that when a batch of people from another district bathe in their skins at St. Kilda tbey will be fined as a warning, but if they are townspeople ihey will be let off as a warn ing— (rung off). Minnie ? Well? You arc our best Cbattiphone girl ? Go along with your nonsense. What do you want now? Only to xing up the Spirit of Twenty Years Ago, Ob, lor, I'm afraid of ghosts, i .Qut a ghost at the other end of the wire won't hurt. Switch ns on, there's a dear. Well, there you are, but I'm not going to stay here. Hello, Spirit? Wby doth mortal man trouble the spirit of the departed 7 We want to interview yoo. Interview I That's one of your new fangled press notions, isn't it Yes, prettei into the service of tbe news papers chiefly since you departed.. We want you to itell ns what was going on in this district twenty years ago exactly. Dear me 1 what a large order. Well, if youYe your notebook Iready, I'll try and tbink. Thanks. Mr. B. Murray Smith had jnst been re elected unopposed for the 8t Kilda elector I ate. I And* to- day they are wanting him to | come forward for the Eastern Suburbs. vDr. Fetbcrston was elected president of tbe Medical Soolety. Now we rejoice in two Dr. Fetherston's., Mr. James Robertson, clerk of petty ses sions at 'St. Hilda, after 26 yeajs in tbe_ service/was about ^to take a holiday. He looks happy and jolly now. Mr. Goulter had seized the opportunity afforded by the pulling down of some old buildings opposite the Royal George Hotel to take an exceptionally fine view of tbe Prahran Town-hall. Goulter still carries on business but Brown, Corke and Co's block will prevent his getting a similar view now-a-day. ' In the 'good limes' of the colony, when money was far more plentiful than it i now-a-day ' — wrote Figaro , in the Prak - rati Telegraph, We tanoy we have seen something like tbat recently. ^Mr. James McKsan was asked by - the Chief Justice io oonduct himself properly in-£ Court of Justice. -*^adg«^nayxome,--«ud3odge8 rmay$o?.' McKean goajon 4or \- Hipwell was then mayor of Prabr-in,and Letvjp, Young, Harrison, Lacey, Smiib, : Lewis, and Role, councillors; Craven, town clerk, and Monte surveyor. Not one connected with tbe conncil now. j Many dead, and— go on. i Tbe building rcguiatious were worrying ! the council. Ditto !to*day. A daughter was boru to Mr. Sdmop.1 E. Jeans, of SC Kilda, on the lOlb Janaaiy. Same old councillor. Ur. G. W.. Taylor, of South Yarra, was .elected assistant secretary aud collector of the Horticultural Society. Yea. - Tbe Prahran Public Library bad 3,680 volumes. ' , Now it has 9000. A net iucreasc of 276 a year since then. And 21,000 visitors for the year. Increased to 73,000 now.* Malvern people Wanted the name of High'street chaoged to Erica-road. They haven't got it yet. Tbe Prahran Telegraph reported in connection with an evening spent witb Mrs. M'Gill and ber pupils that tbe larger folks ' gave themselves np to the fascina tion of Terpsichore.' Good old Terpsichore I She still does duty in its columns. And describes a case of insulting be haviour as an elastic charge.' Look here, Spirit of the Past, this is playing it down too low altogether. We'll ring you off. ! (Rung off accordingly.) 