TEE MAN WITH THE STRAW HAT. A TB UK J3T0BT. By EDÄD^D DOWNEY, Author of "A House of Toare," "Anchor Watch Tarns," &o.; (COPYRIGHT.) ?* -w 'Mamma, dear, why do yon lot that tiorrid man como into onr room at night P' 'What man, darling/' I asked, «scarcely heeding my child's question. 'The mau with the straw hat, who stands before your dressing table and does something to his neck.' I put down the book I was reading in my bedroom, and went over to my child's cot. ' Go to sleep, Teddie dear,' I murmured, catching his outstretched hand aad chat ing it. * You have been dreaming, my pet.* ' Oh, no, marama, dear,' said my boy, rising up tc a sitting posture in his cot, ' I am not dreaming. 1 have not been to sleep yet. I have boen trying to keep my «yes on you, but I could not help looking at tho man. He frightens me so much mamma, dear.' I was quite alarmed now. What could be the matter with my dear child my only .child-rna; beautiful, sensible, sensitive, little Teddie P He was only six years of age, but he seemed almost as I wise and as gentle as his fether-my j darling who had left me for ever just six i months before. ' Oh, mamma, dear, why do you let the horrid man come into our room ?' pleaded the child, the. tears coursing down his bright chubby cheeks. 'He is saab a horrid man-so unlike dear papa !' I,burst into a flood of tears. But in a few moments, I succeeded in checking the torrent of my grief, and turned towards my boy. There was plenty of light in the small bedroom. A brilliant reading lamp, lay on the dressing table. I gazed earnestly into my boy's wistful brown eyes. Ho was undoubtedly wide awake, and as I passed nay hand over his face I found his: white brow was quite cool. ' What is it, Teddie dear P' I asked. There is no man in the'room, of course.' 'But there was just a few moments ago, mamma.' ' Indeed there was not, my pet,' ' Bnt I saw him, mamma. He came last-week tho, and I was awake and sawv him. Yon had left the room for a while, and he came in at the doer and went over to the dressing table and he did some- thing strange with his neck. Then I shut my eyes and when I opened them he was gone. You came into the room then, but I was too frightened to tell you.' I was in a xever of alarm now. What could ail my child P 'Yon were dreaming, Teddie, dear,' I persisted, stooping over him and kis- sing his lips and his cheeks. ' Go to sleep, .my pet.' - * I am so frightened, mamma, dear. All aha week I was afraid to ask you about tho man. To-night he came in again while you were reading, and he stood quite close to you and looked into the looking-glass and did something to his neek. And then I ahnt my eyes tight. ' Won*» you promise not to leave nie to ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ' What could ail iny darling P I won- dered, ns I stood near his cot patting his shouldors with my hand. He had never been au odd child, never boen seriously ill; he had always slept wonderfully well ¿ it was cot easy to startle or frighten him. Ho had. never had any nurse but myself, sud I hod never told him stories of ghosts or fairies* UOr had I allowed him to hear any such tales. I had always been his Companion-he was ray ono thought, my ono idol, always ex- cepting that other idol, my darling dead husband, who had shared his groat love with Teddie and me. Tho house I was now living in was ¡ situated hard by the bunks cf the Thames. It was a prpttv little detached cottage, aud I had secured it furnished at a wonderfully cheap rental-an import- ant consideration, as my means wero narrow, and all Mist could be saved or spared should be lavished on my beloved child. . The following moruiug-*-Saturday-? Teddie seemed to be quite himself again. He romped, with me, walked out with me, talked to me just as usual ; and as ho made no rofereuce to tho strange mau of of his dreams-for I had no doubt it was a dream which had disturbed him-I thought it best to keep silence on the un- pleasant subject. ∨ did the child refer to the dream during the next week. At least up to Friday night. On Friday evening, shortly before eight o'clock, as I was tucking him up in his cot, my darling boy said, ' Mamma, yon will promise to remain with me to-night T 'Yes, dear,' I replied. 'If yon wish it.* Then I kissed him and sat down in the growing twilight. There was no ono li ring with ns in the cottage. A little girl from the neigh* bourhood did all the rough house work for me during the day ami usually went home about eight o'clock. As I did not go downstairs my little maid of all work came np shortly after eight o'clock to let me know she was going. A sodden im- pulse urged me, and I said, ' Will you tell Dr. Jackson to giro me a call this evening P You pasB his house on your way home, I think.' As soon as the little girl had gone I ' got my lamp alight-Teddie was used to the light and it never seemed to disturb his sleep-'Sud sat down near the dres- , sing-table. I was in a somewhat tremu- j loos condition-though I am not ordin arily weak of nerve-and fonnd myself agitated by every sound which reached my ears. About nine o'clock I was horribly alarmed to hear a piteous cry from my child. I laid down my book hurriedly and weut over to him. \- ' Mamma ! mamma ! he eried. " There he is again! Oh, why do you let him come into our room P' X stared round the little bedroom, but -could see nothing strange. _ . There he is now, mamma, dear-near the lamp on the dressing-table !' pointing with his forefinger. ' And now he is going to lift his hand to h£s neck.' I pressed my terrified child to my bosom and soothed him with words of love and clinging pressures. In a few moments he had regained his ordinary manner, and I allowed his head to sink hack on the pillow. Just then I heard a loud knock at the door. My boy started. ' Oan this be the man again, mamma, dear P said he--" the horrid man with the large straw hat P' ' No, darling,' I murmured. ' It is the doctor. I have asked him to come aud see my little Teddie Yon will not mind my leaving you for a moment to let the doctor in !' At first Teddie clung to me, but another knock st the hall door roached our ears, and my dear boy murmured ' I feel all right now, mamma. I know he won't come back again. Don't be long.' I humed down the short flight of stairs and let in Dr. Jackson, a kind, middle-- aged gentleman, whose face was familiar to me. I brought the doetor up at once to my child and whispered to him that he was suffering from an attack of night- mare, and that he bad a strange delusion that he saw a man with a large straw hat in the loom. . The doctor looked curiously at me, and then felt the child's pulse. He asked me some general questions about his health, and took his temperature. * The child seems all right,' said Boetor Jackson, addressing me in a low voice. ' I don't think yon need be alarmed. But could I have a word with you out of his hearing P' 'The doctor wants to speak to me down-stairs, Teddie,' I said. 'Do you mind my leaving you alone for a few momenta P' "No, mamma, dear,' he answered. ' Only leaveihe door Wwe room open, won't yon P* ? ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ bas sean, ihres Friday flights in succes- sion, a man with a large straw hat stand ing in front of the dressing table, doin^ s Ult lo mau pats il. do you kn JW any- thing about this house P' 'Nothing whatever, excopt that it is Very cheap,' I answered. ' Well, madam,' said Doctor Jacksou, ' my advice to you is to leave the pretty, comfortable, cheap house at once--tUera is no occasion to get inc iuto trouble with tho agents by telling them you are acCtng on my professional advice.' ' But why ? What is the matter?' I asked. * I will tell yon,' said tho doctor, ' and thou yon can decide for yourself. And please understand I am uo believer ia ghosts, but. this is certainly a most puzzliug case. This h tuse was vacant for a twelvemonth before you took it. The Last occupier waa a maa of ssuiovvhat evil reputation->-ho owned the house; I nuder* stand-who was very fond of boating. One Friday evCuiug, n bout nine o'clock, he returned from tb 3 river. He was wearing a large straw hat ; that I ' recol- lect well, for I remember seeing it in the room when I was called in. He cut his throat, standing in f rout of the dressing table in the bedroom." I left the awful bouse that night more dead than alive. My boy is a strong man now, and one whom it would be hard to frighten, bnt he remembers still, with a feeling of horror, thé' unaccoun- table vision--the Visión denied to me-of the man with the straw hat standing in front of the dressing table in the little bedroom. [THE END.] 