THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE AT ADELAIDE. THE FIJI LIBEL CASE. THIRD DAY. The W.C.T.U. of South Australia wrote asking the Conference to permit the use of only unfermented wine at the Sacrament. The Conference approved of the use of the fermented wine, and decided to inform the W.C.T.U. that unfermented wine was generally used in the churches of the connection. The Rev. L. Fison (Victoria), moved, " That a time limit be fixed for speeches during the discussions in the Conference at 20 minutes for the mover and 10 minutes for the other speakers, or such limit as the Conference may agree to." The Rev, W, H. Fitchett (Melbourne) objected to the Conference being gagged as proposed by the motion. The motion was carried by 56 to 59. In the afternoon the session was devoted to the consideration of foreign missions. A Board of Missions was appointed, with the Rev. G. Brown as convener. The Revs. J. Oram and S. E. Lees were reappointed general treasurers, and the Rev. G. Brown was reappointed as general secretary for .BÍ6BÍ011B. The New South Wales Conference referred to this Conference the matter of payment of legal and other expenses incurred by the Rev. J. V. Chapman in two actions for libel instituted against him by certain Roman Catholic priests and nuns in Fiji. The General Conference Committee on foreign missions recommended that in view of the peculiar circumstances of the case, the General Conference directs the Board of Missions to pay £150 costs in the libel action, leaving Mr. Chapman to arrange personally for payment of the balance, without prejudice, however, to any case that may arise in the future, the Conference holding that missionaries, Uko ministers in colonial work, must be responsible for the consequences of their personal utterances. The motion was carried with an amendment that £200 should be paid instead of £150. A member has moved for the abolishment of the Children's Fund, or that the whole question be taken up by the Conference on consideration of the report of the committee, to whom the matter was referred. FOURTH DAY. The members of the Conference accepted an invitation from the W.C.T.U. to a social tea in the Town-hall on Tuesday next to meet the various temperance societies. Rev. L. FISON, M.A., moved a resolution of sympathy with the Rev. Frederick Langham, chairman of Fiji district, and his brethren there, in the trying circumstances in which they had been placed of late, and regretted that the complication had prevented Mr. Langham from being present at its session. Children'eFnnd,-Tho committee reported "that the allowance from the Children's Fund shall not be less than £0 per annum for each child, to be paid to the claimants on the fund for the whole term of years as at present for boys and girls respectively, to come into operation on January, 1895." After two hours' discussion Conference resolved to substitute £8 for £9. Ministerial Exchanges. The committee recommended that the Rev. Joseph Hopkins, of the S.A. Conference, be transferred to the N.S. W. Conference, and that the latter provide a suitable exchange that the Revs. Henry Bath, Henry Greenwood, John H. Tuckfield, and G. T. G. White, of Victoria Conference, exchange with Rev. James Haslam, R. M. Hunter, Joseph Nicholson, and J. H. Bradbury, from S.A. Conference, a very lengthy discussion followed, and the debate at times wuschuracterised by considerable feeling. Many other ministers were named, amongst them being Revs. W. Shaw of Launceston, and J. Cowperthwaite, B.A., of Victoria. All of those whose names were mentioned and were present stated their willingness to abide by the work of the Conference, It was eventually resolved that the name of Rev W. Shaw, of Launceston, be substituted for that of Rev. Greenwood ' Rev, AJ. Webb, of Queensland, asked to be transferred to the N.S. Wales Conference.' A,' ',, *' ( Front a ''private telegram received on Saturday, we understand that the same of therof J Cowperthwaite B A and C H Ingamells, have been substituted for these of the Revs W Shaw and T H Tuckfield, who did not wish to be transferred A large increase in the interests of foreign missions was held in the evening at which Sir John Cotton presided. The Rev Dr Brown, General Secretary of Foreign Mrs Brown, was first speaker He regretted the absence of Bishop Langham, of Fiji His FIJI Mission was the grandest mission til it Gol had given to any Church under 1 raven He spoke of Simon, referring, to the recent cable messages, and said that the kindest and most loving people he had ever met on God's earth were the Sum- unit He also referred to the New Guinea and New Britain Missions He asked all to stand by this great Society, and to help with their prayers and gifts Rev John Watsford 1, in a vigorous speech, referred to the time when he was a missionary in Fiji, and to the fact that 800 millions of their fellow men were still in the darkness and misery of heathenism Missionaries should be sent out in hundreds, not in tens A full baptism of the Holy Ghost upon ministers and people was really needed Revs A J Webb, of Queensland, and J J Lewis, of New Zealand, also spoke, the latter saw, ing that the pioneer missionaries of New Zealand 1 had freed the Maoris from cannibalism, polygamy, slavery, and tribal warfare 