Chafteb L — God's Factory. They were a company of ropetnakers. For two hundred years they and their ancestors had been tenants under the dukea of Devon shire In . this current year of grace the toilers occupy the building in which their forefathers worked, and on the same easy terms. They pay no rent, nor ever did. Yet they possess the most wonderful house of labour in the world. It is the entrance to what is known to typography as the Devil's Hole ; but if ever building gave special evi dence of the Divine hand it is to be seen in the great cavern of the High Peak. It has a dome aod a nave that dwarf St. Peter's and St. Paul's. The roper's drum and wheels and flying yarn make a manic of their own. It is as if the men and women gave tunes to the cordage which they spin. The strings of the industrial harp are many and various. Once in a way a -woman'* voice rues above the buzz of the rotating van, and the chorus breaks (be monotony 'of the daily toil. This is generally a jubilate, in which the younger voices fling out the refrain with open throats — ** Happy Land ! Happy LatuL What e'er my fate in life may be ; Still again, still again, my heart shall cling to Thee !' And this was their happy land, this Cave of the Peak, and this village of Castleton. Human fancy could hardly conceive for this unconscious worship a more impressive temple in which the Divine edict should be fulfilled 'In the sweat of thy brow shalt thou eat bread.' In this temple, that dominates the Cavern of the Peak, the ropemakers of Cavedale, men and women, girls and boys, work and live together as a model Socialistic community, but without the noisy reclame of a cheap democracy. They fulfil their daily duties quietly and in peace under the unwritten laws of a united family. The Throne is their ground landlord, and ever since there were Dukes of Devonshire, and in the old time before tbem, the Cavendishes have been the leaseholders. These ropemakers of Cavedale, in the parish of Castleton, have seven masters. When one dies or is thrown out (an excep tional incident, which forms one of the chief motives of this present history) the eldest son of the family takes hia place. If there is no son then the oldest workmen of the dead master succeeds. There are to this day some two or three score persons employed under these seven families. Five of the masters belong to one family ; two to another. It is a very close borough, and picturesque as it is close. Stranger? who have observed in books of travels pictures of the High Peak cavern are inclined to wonder what the weird gallows-like uprights and posts are, with flying ropes and hanging weights, and sug gestions of vast wheels beyond, and carious figures standing out against the darkness. This is the ropery. Each master has his walk. Seven rope-walks traverse this stupendous ex cavation, which is the hallway of the so-called Devil's Hole, with its headways and subways, its halb of Eblis and its dripping wells, its underground rivera and its other mysteries beyond. These are things that do not con cern the ropers much. In the old days there were ghosts in the cave, but the ropers were hardy folk and they had their free possession to Hnvintft-'T, so they paid no heed to ghosts, armour who were said to appear in the grounds of Peverfl's Castle immediately above them. Mr. Raskin probably never saw this High Peak house of labour. Otherwise the world would have heard something of it, since the recluse of the Lakes loves hanp-made things, and delights in the primitive, the lowly, and the natural The roabers of the Peak, who pay no rent and work in a factory made by God, spin and weave in the old Egyptian way. Their ropes and twine, tfieir halters and clothes-lines, their whipcord and cables, are all made by hand. Their factory has no doors. It is open to son und shadow to summer winds and winter blasts, and the ropers work there right through the year. It is a shel tered site. Yon arrive at it through a valley which is made musical by the brook that is born in the cavern and which now and then becomes & torrent— angry, yellow, opaque, terrible. Aa the floor dips at its further end the central opening is somewhat dwarfed, and has the remarkable effect of a mighty window which as you approach it opens out, and finally gives upon the footpath in Cavedale, whence you see the great limestone front rising up sheer to the sky with lichens and stray flowers upon its wrinkled face, and here and there a wild bird sweeping athwart the iron-grey rock and disappearing into the heavens above. It was at this ''fraxAd factory of freemen that Jessop Blythe was haled before his peers to suffer the penalty of the drone. For masters and men labour and obedience was the legacy of God's factory. In the most democratic of Socialistic communities labour is a condition of existence. When the ideal Commonwealth is started, there will be much more casting out of the lazy and the dissolute than is dreamed of by the open-mouthed idlers who drink in the sophistries of long haired and long-headed agitators in London, Chicago, and Paris. Jessop Blythe had worked in the community since boyhood. Always a truant and a lag gard he had over and over again broken the unwritten laws of the masters of Cavedale. Latterly he had taken to drink, and he was untrue to the best interests of hia fellows. He had undersold them in the markets. He had reviled their occupation. He worked ooly by fits and starts, and had generally drifted to the bad. The masters were loth to move against him ; but at last their patience was exhausted and discipline demanded that, he should be cast oat from the hive. Fortunately for Jessop be had a bardwork ing mother. She had succeeded to the business of her husband, who was a lapidary. Zodack Bradford was her foreman. He liad held a similiar position with her husband. Zodack was what Derbyshire people call ' a character.' Everybody is 'a character' in the Peak country who is not of the common and regular pattern of humanity. Zodack in his way was a man of phrases. He shot his controversial opponents down with a queer saying or a rongh epigram. He was also the cleverest lapidary in all the county. Old Blythe had put his eon Jessop to the rope making. The lad did not frame well for the cat tine, engraving, or polishing of stone. He was a dull metalled lad, and there was an opening in the ropewalk which in dde course led to Jessop taking a master's place in lieu of the ordinary succession. On becoming one of the seven Master, Jessop Blythe had married Heather Grattan, and within a month or two of his marriage he had taken to drink with a regularity and persistence that, devoted to his proper calling, would have led to prosperity, jenop had always been fond of a glaas and a bit of company. He was popular at the alehouse, and the delight of Saturday night smoke rooms, because he could sing a good song, and was ' as sweet a whistler as ever cocked a lip,' to quote the verdict of Castleton, and the old town waa fastidious in the matter of music, rejoiced in its Glee Club, and at Christmas time would give forth its ** Halle lujah chorus ' from the ' Messiah,' ' Hark, the Herald Angels,' and 'The Star of Bethlehem,' with an energy that was stimu lated with mulled ale and rum punch, the recognised order of refreshment for the Walts all round about the regions of the Peak. When Jessop Blythe was baled before his fellows he had just been made a father. The new-comer was a girl. He had insisted upon drinking her health with his mid-day meaL Any reason for a drink was a good reason with Jessop. Zodack Bradford said the youngest master roper had in one short year become the oldest waster and vagabond of the lot. Not that Zodack intended U- imply that the ropemakers individually or collectively were vagabonds. Zodack was a just man, and he knew that the ropers were a law abiding, sober, honest community ; though once in six months every uustei; made a poinr of ' going on the spree ;*' hat he combined business with pleasure. Once in six months each roper went forth to sell bis goods. There were no middlemen connected with this cordage factory. Each master was his own commercial traveller; and going upon the road twice a year each man as a rule made it a point of honour to enjoy himself, and it is believed by many (hat to get drank once ia a way is a very enjoyable, if not indeed a very healthy and wholesome thing. But the rope-makers would not allow this belief to break down the discipline of management. Therefore Jessop Blythe had increased the disadvantages under which he laboured as a recalcitrant by being mote or less inebriate when, in the middle of tea-time, the men and masters assembled to maintain the vitality of their a u written laws and regulations. There was a great deal that was good in Jessop Blythe. This may be said of many a worse man. Zodack Bradford declares that nobody is all bad, not even the habitual criminal ; but the good is so difficult to find that it is hardly worth looking for. He was very angry witii Jessop because he liked him, and had seen him grow up. Being none too veil off at any time, and living to a great extent on his mother and in her house, Jeasop had adopted a son. He did not call him his boo, but he treated him with paternal con sideration. This youngster was a Welsh lad. His name was Lewis Tregarron. He bad found bis way from Cardigan, in Wales, with his widowed mother, firstly, to Cardiff, thence to Liverpool, in some small trading vessel* to drift eventually, heaven knon*s how, to Chesterfield, where the mother had died in the workhouse. While the Guardians, with a ^proper regard to the fair distribution of taxes for the poor, mere trying to discover the parish, to which the orphan was chargeable, Lewis Tregarron, with his high-sounding name, hiw empty pockets, and his no less empty stomach, set off to seek some more home-like nest for himself than that which presented so hard a front to the far-away hills of the Chesterfield workhouse. Lewis Terra gan ran away from the workhouse, and one day* cold, hungry., thin., weird aa to hu sunken eyes and bony jaws, presented himself before the company of ropers at the entrance to God's factory. He was the most weary, dark-eyed, strange-looking little chap they had ever seen ; and Jessop Blythe took compassion on him and succoured him. He waa an intelligent lad, said he was eight years old, was born in Wales, bad lived at Cardi gan, had neither father nor mother, and was willing to work, but would rather die than go back to the Union, all of which pleased the ropers, and won the admiration of Jessop Blythe, who said he'd he hanged if any Union workboase in the world should compel the lad to swig skilly or break stones so long as he lived. So Tregarron was fed and mended by Jessop's mother, not without much grumbling and protest, and was forthwith taken on at the ropery. They love to nickname men and things in the Peak. They called J essop's mother 'Stingy Blythe,' and for this tbey do doubt, had warrant ; but they were not always justified in their nick-names, some of which were incongruous as relating to the character nicknamed, and others, when they were not humorous, descended to cynicism. Because the waif Tregarron was thin and odd, and too little to be of any itr-portaoce, they named him in a grand way 'Treg&rnro;, the Welsh man,' and the oldest master of the ropers, for the reason that he was of a mild and gentle temper, and benevolent and generous to a fuult, they called ' Billy Nipper.' (To be continued. ) 