FLEUR DE-LiS. ' (concluded.) " She must be searched. Who knows but she may have a rope for the young jaokanapes to hang himself withal?" cried one. " And thuB rob ub of the pleasure," said another. Bat Clemenoe stood bravely under their Her face lit with a great purpose ; even those rouo>h men ipnmnrl to fa pi tVin parity of it. Finding she had neither rope, pistol, nor poison about her, they voted it could be no harm for her to see her ami, bb they decided their prisoner to be. So the concierge took a oandle, and mounted before her to the top of the honRe. He took a key with him, and opened one of the rooms. " Can't afford light to prisoners of state," he said, as Clemenoe peered into the dark ness ; " but, for the sake of doing things pro per, I don't mind lending you the oandle for your visit." At first, Clemenoe was so overcome with joy at her auocess, that she could not speak. She heard the key turned in the door again, and the sound of heavy footsteps along the corridor. They were locked in. Eugene looked at her in speechless sur prise. "Oh, poor little Flour-de-Lis I" he said, " why have you ventured into this den of wild beasts ?" " The God of Daniel will proteot me," she anawered, smiling, and looking about tbe narrow room. There was one small barred window in it. " They searched me for wea pons or poisons," she said ; " but thev did not find this," and she brought out a small saw. " With this you oan escape." Eugene grasped it with a half-smothered exclamation of delight. " You have Baved me, Clemenoe," he cried. " I have been sitting here for the last hour, as it were, face to face with death. A sort of mock trial, that wretch, Favrer, constituting himBelf judge. My first crime is that I am an aristocrat." " But I thought you were a poor man," Clemence faltered. " Yen, poor enough, petite , yet the Marqui3 de Launey, in spite of that — a marquis with out land or houors, so I seldom Bpeak of the empty title." Clemence felt her heart die within her. As plain Monsieur de Launey, this man had appeared so high above her that her love had seemed " the desire of the moth for the star." Now, ah ! the knowledge of his noble birth came like a cold frost over all the warm hopes which she had unconsciously allowed to spring in ber heart. But the next words stabbed her more cruelly than this knowledge. " Yes," Eugene went on, " I was sitting here picturing the laBt hour ; this ignoble death — ahot as a spy by these drunken ras cals, and in a few days justice may be estab lished, and right rule in France. Shot like a dog, I, who had hoped such great things. Oh, Clemence. I owe my life to you. I had not a friend here who would have risked his neck tor me. Every man fears for himself, and there are such strange and awful times. There is only one other in the world, I think, who oould brave all as you have done." " A.nd she," gasped Clemence. one is lar away, borne time in tne nap- pier future she will Xhank vob for this, petite Fleur-de-Lis. Bhe is the woman who is to be my wife/ Clemence felt as it some or?#».hw' jptriy-Jr her an inward olew and her heart was bleeding. TUI <!««». mi-/i a n n mltli flin JiFifrVii J.1U!?, (jlJcJJ >f»a Wllr. "UUIOIl I/LAO iRtighing face and browr curls. She looked like one made for summer hours of dalliance, not for storm, and despair, and sorrow ; the kind of woraan for a ballroom or a summer :ete, not for the bedside of death, or the aours of life's keenest agony. But Eugene loved hex, and of course he dpfied her accord ingly. , There was one hard wooden atooi in the loom, and Clemence sank upon it, white ns a broken lily. Ttiat moment she had lived her life. The days when she had hoped unything, when she had enjoyed anything, seemed far a way ; she groped after them in tbe remote past, and then buried them forever. Their ghosts might haunt her in the future, but she could never hope or enjoy again. But F-ugece saw nothing, suspected noth ing. He felt duly grateful to the dear little cr-ature who had risked her life for him ; but he read nothing that was in her heart. Preocccupied with his dreams of fame, he did not read her sweet dream of love. She 3at silentiy a moment ; the blow bad paralysed her, but she gathered her strength at last, and battled with the pain. Eugene must not know ; he must never know. " Lose no time," she whispered ; " begin vour work ; they are so noisy below. By midnight they will be quite insensible ; but they may have another guard." " I can remove a bar in a couple of hours," Eugene exclaimed, " and in the darkness I can escape ; no gaslight to-night to betray me." 4 And I had better go now," Clemenoe murmured. 44 Oh, you dear little girl I" Eugene cried, taking her two hands and pressing them to his lips, not noting the vivid Ecarlet flush which spread over her faoe. 44 I am afraid you will bring yourself into trouble by this. Keep close ; let yourself be seen as little bb possible, or they will visit my escape on your bead. I shall never be happy till you are Bafe ; I shall never forgive myself if evil befall you." 41 Do not tbink of me. Hark ! I hear the concierge coming back. Oh, be careful ; do not look so happy." And Eugene assumed his sullen, despairing attitude as tbe concierge opened the door, seized the candle, and gave a hasty look around. 44 Time enough for love- making," he mut tered. "Needn't trouble yourself to oome again, mademoiselle, beeause he's going to be shot to-morrow — a has with all spies, I say. Viva la Commune— viva la Republique 1" And he showed Clemence into tbe streets politely enough. How dark they looked now ! like an unfathonabie gulf of blackness. Clemence almost wished it were, indeed, a gulf, into which Bhe might plunge, aud lose forever the burden of life. Then shs thanked God that He had given her the chancs to save her friend— even to save him for that happy being whose fate it would be to walk life's ways at his side. She longed to wait, that she might be sure of his escape, but feared that might in some way lead to suspicion. She leaned a moment over the dark waters of the Seine, thinking hbw peaceful the waves looked, and yet what dark tragedies they bid. Once beneath, how soon the cold arms would embrace her ; like a dream all her cares would vanish; death would lay his hand on the aching heart and still its pain forever. But something held her back from flinging the life that God had given at His feet. A thought of Christ and His patience came over her. She walked fleetly along, with a vague idea of making her whole life a crucifixion of self, only she waB too worn and weary now — the wound was too fresh. After a day or two she would go forth to her life's work— to nurse the sick and comfort the suffering— and the very purpose sent a ray of comfort to her soul. She groped her way through the dark pas sages to her little den. She had eaten noth ing all day, and a deathly faintness came over her. She had one oandle left, and when Bhe had lighted it, she saw that some missile had crashed through the little window, and shiv ered the panes of glasB to atoms, and the pot of fleur-de-lis had fallen into the courtyard below. Poor Clemence I She had not wept before, but the tsars came now. Her last memento of that happiest time in her life had been snatched away. Like herself, the fleur-de-lis had been dashed to the ground. Clemence traced a whimsical resemblance in their fates, but wept over the flower as she had not done over The next day passed in a sort of tired stnpor, from which she made no attempt to rouse herself ; but toward night an unusual excitement seemed to arise in the streeets. Clemenoe began to fear her loneliness.' it was so bard to have no human being to speak to no one to say an encouraging word to her. Oh, how the child hungered and thirsted for love 1 She was like a clinging vine suddenly torn away from its support. " I cannot bear this_ longer," she said, as the shouts and frantic cries, and n'oise of marching troops and cannon shook the house. "Even old Mother Brie will be better than no one. She can, at least, tell me what it is all about. Oh, I pray Eugene is safe 1" So Clemence wrapped herself in her shawl, and stole out in the dark streets toward the house of the old washerwoman. She found Mother Brie dressed for the pro- meuade in a clean whire oap and apron, and quite excited with a rather pleasurable excite- ment at the promise of a night of terror. 44 Oh, I came to stay with you," Clemence cried, in dismay. 41 So you shall, dear," cheerily replied the woman. 44 1 only want to have a" look at the famous barrioade by the Madeleine. Mon Dicu ! how a Frenchman does enjoy a barri oade ! I swear, they might have beaten the Prussians if they could only have torn up some city p&vementB; and made a genuine bar ricade. My man is in the hottest of it." 44 But what has happened ?" Clemence Bskocl 44 Don't you know, little mouse ? The Ver sailles gentry have won the day, and are marching in at one of the gates. But our people will give them a warm welcome— ay, and light some beatfon fires which they will remember;" and the old woman chuckled and laughed. 44 But what are you going to do with ths kerosene ?" Clemence cried, in surprise, Bee- inn nl/1 Mnf.hpr Rrif nnttinir a can under her — r — ' — o shawl. 44 Light the joy-fires, you know," Mother Brie replied, laughing again. 44 Come, you shall see." And Clemence, fearing to be left alone, clung to her stranse companion, and thev went out together. What a scene it was ! The streets torn up, aud frantio raen everywhere working as if for life and death. In soma place3, even the women wero at work, crea tures with furious faces, and eyes cruel aB death. Once, Clemence stumbled over a dead body a man lying stiff and stark across the public way ; and no one paused to raise him up. Ah, Paris was dark no more. Here and there suddenly leaped up columns of light till the very skieB grow lurid, and wild creatures danced like demons around the flames. They 9eemed intoxicated with joy as they saw the proudest monuments of their oity wreathed in flame. Mother Brie had vanished, and Clemenoe od trembling and alone. She guessed the truth now— these were me joy-fires to wei come the Versailles troops. 44 Hurra ! thoie. i-z. a sew light. The em- perer himself asves gave us Gush cosily fire works. That is the TGileries. We will canonize the person who did that. If the Gccmisue had won saintship Kccid have been cheap. Wc wccila havr; killed all the priests, and made saints for ourselves. Ha 1 ha I down with tbe Tuileriea i Clear out the filthy nest where kings and emperors rioted. Viva la Commune i" Clemenoe heard thoso last words with a shudder. Ehc ?eatjgtiiefi ths drunken concierge in the speaker. He was still drunk. Perhaps that was hiB normal condition. Clemenoe tried to move away, but the crowd was too dense. She was, instead, pushed nearer. Then arose a hoarse murmur — 44 The Yer8&ill;!ii8a approach." The wretch turned, recognised her, and seized her by tbe hand with a horrible oatn. 41 Traitress 1" he hissed, 41 have I met rhee? I who was cajoled by thy sweet words ! Ah, who so sly ana innocent — going up to let out my prisoner! Nay, you will not escope me now. I had like to have k'eked the' bucket myself for thy trick, only they wanted good men and true to receive thes? seeleratH, and could not spare Favreur ! See ! fellow-citizens, here she », the traitress — a spy who helped a- state prisoner to escape, and thereby delivered us over to the enemy. What is to be done to her ?" 44 Boiling water I" hissed out a wrinkled bcldstne near. 44 Spies must be shot 1" growled a hard-fea tured man, looking without compassion on thf whits face oi the youug girl, as Favreur dragged her along. 44 You see, mademoiselle, out of tbe mouth of two or three witnesses you are condemned. Commend your soul to God or the Virgin, or whatever you believe in, and make short work of it." Clemence saw there was no hope. They were fighting furiously at the barricades. No one knew, no one ca-ed what what became of one poor girl, denounced as a spy. Only three days before, death had seemed sweet to her ; but, oh 1 a death like this ! 44 He will never know how I died for bim," she said, as she breathed a prayer. 44 But 1 know it, and so does God." she thought, and a sweet peace came into her heart and brooded over her face. 44 1 meant to give my life for qthers, and He has finished the sacrifice and accepted it already. He sees that all i> finished for me here ; now ths amen is to be said." The man was fumbling about for his pistol. 44 Death to all spies !" he shouted, hoarsely , and a quick report followed — then another. The concierge fell heavily ; but Eugen stepped over the prostrate figure to raise the young girl. The pale face, with the peace o'> God shining upon it, was transfigured into tti< face of an angel. The falling golden hair mi - Klro a Vtaln 44 Dead 1 Oh, God 1" he oried, lifting ber tenderly, and bearing her out of the crowd. 44 Ob, why was I too late !" He understood all then — the high heroism, the self-abnegation of the young girl, and he read her secret. 44 She loved me, and she has died for me,'' he murmured, solemnly, as he bore the sacred burden away to the little room. 44 Greater love hath no man than this — that one should die f ir one's friends." And he questioned much in the seoret recesses of his soul's inner temple whether his bright-faced, 'laugh ing beauty could have given her life for him. A slight shaft, with a broken fieur- de-lis wrought in marble, marks the grave of Cle mence in ths Pere la Chaise, and fresh wreaths of immortelles crowned it on All Saints' Day. God keep ber memory green 1 Mr. Laurence Hutton writes with a heavy stroke, leaving considerable superfluous ink on th9 page. At one time, when he was going over some manuscript at a friend's house, and dropping the sheets on the floor as he finished them, the friend's little girl came into the room. " Take oare, Hope," said the lady, 44 don't step into Mr. Hutton's manuscripts, or you will wet your feet." A rich speculator in Paris, of 44 shady" re putation, being very anxious to possess somc decoration, boldly asked the Emperor Dom Pedro to bestow one upon him, as he had al ready done to M. de Lesseps and others 44 No," said the old monarch, 44 1 can't do it. People would think me a fool. Well, I could stand that. But they would also think you a knave, and I can not have any person of such reputation in my order." The story goea that a Gallican bishop was dining a good many year3 ago at Roim- with a great prinoe of the ehurch, who in quired about the situation of his diocese 11 \ am bishop of Angoul&me;," said the French man; "Bishop of the Department of th Charente," he added, seeing that the Ultra montane eminence, whose Btrong point wee not modern geography, made no sign. A: last a bright thought struck him. 44 1 am bishop of Cognao," said he. 14 Ah, Cognac ! Cognac ! Cognao !" oried ail tha guests in chorus, 41 that's something like a bishopric I" What" it is our duty to do we muBt do be cause it is right, not beoause any one can de mand it of us. Health is wealth, although the lattei often destroves the former. Visit to a Cuban Sugar Plantation-— After a few moments' converse, by the invi tation of Senor Roderiquez, we arose and fol lowed him over the plantation. That season's crop had all been harvested and sent away, and the huge crusher, mammoth tanks, and the powerful engine were lying idle, but out side of the buildings in which the machinery was placed, the work of planting was going on quite briskly. A string of miniature carts, each drawn by a single bullock which was driven by a negro, backed up in turn to a large pile of matasse (which is tbe refuse of tbe cane after it has passed through the crusher), and after loading about as much as a good strong white man could carry on the tines of a pitchfork, dragged it lazily off to where other negroes were scraping out long drills in the rich, mellow soil. In these trenches the drivers of the carts sgrinkled their load and returned for more. The matasse forms excellent manure, and is very strength ening to the land. In one corner of the field, and under the shade of a guava tree, were seated several old men and young boys with a large pile of cane stalks beside them, which they were busily engaged in stripping off their leaves ana cutting in halves the lower part of the stalks to be crushed and the juice made into sugar for home consumption, while the top with its tender shoots sprouting out at each joint or about six inches apart, was for seed. Sugar cane grows from its sprouts or stalks and not from a kernel of grain as does our corn, which it slightly resembles when springing up from the ground. As we passed among the workmen, several on seeing the proprietor and knowing him to be the man of money, could not resist the tempta tion of stopping their work and asking for their wages. Dropping their hoes or halting n Ol VI l\ll 1 1/,/ft1ri I l\rt«, X — XL A A M frt vi LUwii uuiiv;hA3| bllUjf idU LCI LUC UVvISCCI if! an order, and back to the planter, who was obliged to pause and settle. Some of them, however, on getting their money, in stantly returned to the overseer and reported themselves for duty. They seemed to be anxious to get their money into their posses sion, appealing to think that the master might make a trip away from home and they be obliged to wait till morning for their pay ; at any rate they felt safer to have it in their own pockets. It was a great bother, but the planter was helpless, and obliged to make the best of it. The Coolest Point. — The northernmost and coldest point ot Iceland, says a recent writer, is Grimsey, a speck of an island. Eighty-eight people — no more — live on it. They have tried to keep a few cows, but the winters are too hard for them. Two horses aud a very.few sheep with coarse fleeces are the only animals of the kind on the island. A good minister, Peter Gaodmanson, lives in this remote place. He is a poet and an as tronomer, and is employed to take observa tions for the Meteorological Institute at Co penhagen. ©nee or twice a year some of the islanders visit the mainland, but the stormy seas, covered with icebergs, make the passage always dangerous. On one side of the islaud, which is a high precipice, count less birds build their nests, and the collect- ing of eggs is one chief means of living for the little settlement. Men are let down over the face of the rock by ropes. They wear suits thickly wadded with feathers to Bave themselves from beinghurton the sharp rocks. Each man carries a pole to help him self with, and a ladle for scooping up nests that he cannot reach with his hands. There is in his frock a great pocket in which be can put 150 eggs. There he works with the sea roaring beneath him. Many accidents occur and many lives are lost in this busi ness. Saxon Peasant Weddings. — Of the games enacted at some of the Saxon peasant wuuumgs tuere is one tnat deserves to be mentioned, affding, as it does, a curious proof of the tenacity of old pagan rites and customs transmitted by verbal tradition from one generation to another. This is the Rossi Tanz , or dance of . the horses, evidently founded on au ancient Scandinavian legend to be found in Snorri's 44 Edda." In this tale the gods Thor and Loki came to a peas ant's house in a carriage drawn by two goats or rams, and with tbe peasant and his family consumed their flesh for supper. The bones were then ordered to be thrown in a heap on the hides of the animals ; but one of the peasant's sons had in eating, broken open a bone to get at the marrow within, and next morning when the gods commanded the goats to get up, one of them limped upon the hind leg, because of the broken bone. At first Ihor was in a great rage, and threat ened to destroy the whole family, but finally allowed himself to be pacified, and accepted the two sons as hostages. In the peasant 'drama we have now before us the gods Thor and Loki are replaced b3r a colonel and a lieutenant colonel, and instead of two goats there are two horses and one goat ; also the two sons of the peasant are here designated as VYallachians. Everything is, of course, much distorted and chauged,but still all the principal features of the drama, which space forbids me here to enlarge upon, are clearly recognizable. The killing of the goat and its subsequent resurrection, the rage of the colonel, and the transferment of the two Wallachians into his service, being all parts of the performance. A gentleman the other day laid a wager that he would get an autograph out of Lord Tennyson, who is remarkably olo3e in the distribution of his sign-manual. The gentle man in question sat down and wrote a polite note asking the noble lord which, in his opin ion, was the best dictionary of the English language — Webster's or Ogilvia's? That will fetch him, thought the man who set the trap. Did it ? By the next post came a half sheet of note paper, on whioh was carefully pasted tbe word 44 Ogilvie," eat out of th: correspondent's own letter. General Wilham F. Bartlstt was among tbe captured at Petersburg. Earlier in the war he hud loat a leg. whioh he replaced with a patent cork leg. While he was standing in the crater, a shot was heard to etrike with the peculiar thud known to those who have been in action, aud the general was seen to totter and fall. A number of officers and men immediately lifted him, when he cried out, 44 Put me any place where I can sit down." " But you are wounded general, aren't you ?" was tbe inquiry. " My leg is shattered to pieces," Baid he. 44 Then you can't sit up," they urged, 44 you'll have to lie down." 44 Oh, no 1" exclaimed the general, 44 it's only ray cork leg that's shattered !" 'Tis all men's office to speak patience to those that wring under the load of sorrow ; but no man's virtue nor sufficiency to be so moral when he Bhall endure the like himself. There is some help for all the defects of fortune ; for if a man cannot attain to the length of his wishes, he may have hiB remedy by cutting them shorter. The doubts of an honest man contain more moral troth than the profession of faith of people under a worldy yoke. Merriment is always the effect of a sud den impression. The jest which is expected is already destroyed. Falsehood and fraud shoot np in every soil, the product of all climes. Ouida's nationality seems to pnzzle the biographers. The Publisher's Weekly in dexed her name, Lonise de La Bame, under R, and a correspondent wrote : 41 If she is a Frenchwoman ber name should be under L (like La Rochefoucauld); if, as is generally sup posed, she is English, it should be under D (like De Quincey." The editor now says that R (for Rame) was adopted by the Boston Public Library, 44 whose reason was, if we re member right, that Ouida's father was a Spaniard. The B. P. L. has now, however decided to consider her as an Englishwoman, and enters her under D." Ouida's home is in Italy. A lozenge is advertised whioh is said to neutralize tne salt water swallowed in sea bathing, and prevent the nauseous effects ol tbe draught. 