STHE NEW LODGER; ~on MR TOMPKINS' FRIEND. "Miss Elffie, it's no se ; you'll have to takoe anybody that comes, or give up the houen." SPerhaps I'd bettor give it up, SarahP' "Do n9 you pier1e, miss; but it' little the furniture will bring you. and thrro'll be reot yor another three qourtere, ond if you have to pay for lodgiogs, you'll find them dear and not at all comfortable." SHo's a very respectable old gentlemen, you say ?" ,Couldn't be more sa. IHe's lived in this house for months at a time. He gives very little trouble, and pays most regular. You needn't never cae him youraolf, miss; not unlese you like. I'll take his orders; ho's nsed to me, bles you. Tou just make cot his hills and I'll take them and get them paid. His cominm now would tide us over the time till the ladies come back." Then Sarah, you may write and toll hm e gcan come. You may say that Mrse rown in dead, but the lady who is keep g on the house has everything jast the same. I lare any it was silly of me to ueno any difficulty." And so the matter was set led, and Ely e i-kt th?t ehdwould-bo- ablo to pay her sre before. Also, when old air Tomp-. ies tok pressclon of his reooms he proved o harmlels. quiet, ploeannt iold gentleman. oe greted Etl? with courtensy when he meher on the stairs, and shoe saw him at no cther time. ie paid hies bills with the omnet rogenlarity, " My landlady looks young," he re marked to Sarah, "I suppose she is old •ce Brown's niece?" " I don't know es she'oso near a relation no that," said Sarah, stolidly. But the impression remained in Mr 'lomptino' mind that Elne was his late landlady's niece, and that her name wan Broen. This impression was likely to be eonfirmtd by the fact that Effie continued to make out her aceounis on the samn printed forms that the late Mrs Brown had used. ,ir BIrown had been a grocer, and had. shortly before his decease, procured a now stock of bill-heads, on which to send out bi, ae?ounts to his customers. When hbi widoe took up the lndgios house business sld made use of these hill-heads for her accounte, only crossing out the word grocer which followed " t. Brown." And now lEflie ued them in her turn. She had no proper right to do so, because her name was not Brown ; but shodisliked to pet her name on thoen bills, eo she wrote the words "e soceseor to" over the name "it. Brown." & lodiae houce bill is not usually a very formal affair, so nobody noticed the eastern or inquir.d into its meaning. Her signa tore," E tirnue," woe never very legibly written. and many people read it "E. irewne." Of her own name she was nesrotly vary proud, so proud that she would gladly have drop.?ed it in her present obscure circum ctana's She was a poor but solitary emberr of a great house, and she had been :esaed in luxury and refinement. The anole sawho had eduscated her okept a large establih.'vment. and Lhed to have it full of empuny. Eflle had had pretty gowns to weane, and horae to ride, and had known hat it was ef be flattered and courted aoe the miotreos of a house where hospitality wae lavish and the company agreeahbl. the Elied kuown, too, all the triumophn of a pretly voman who had beautiful dreaees end restal advantages at her command. tier uncle'e property, however, was en ta1 d, and he had never raved any money. ie hod no children, and did not perhbaps oenaidrr that Elit's claim on him could extese to a provision after his death. vrobeably e expected her eto marry; and she might have de so it f he had not died, suddenly when she was only twenty. Three years had passed osince then, and Ellte hoaed learnedw t it was to be poor and lonely. The kindness of her uncle's srirends toward her had promcised to he of a slask and uncertain sort, and she thought tat ?he preferred indepsendence. She wans no qualified to take a really good place a? gee. '?ess; but she bad a lovely voice and crent .sate for mnusic She determitned, therefores, to go to thepity and take pupils. She itook lodgings with lre Browan, who had been her mother's maid twenty yearn before. An hedh cootinud to treat hear. inhe spite of her pavety? with the deepest re spect. But bfkl had not prospered. She was not experienced in the way of the world, atd se avoidead rather than oaght her old sreeds. Often she had a diofficulty in earning enough to live. But Mrs lirown wa very khind to her, and at last would havs beau glad to let her live in the hosen for nothintg. hen Mrs Brown.d?ed, and it was found that ohe had left her furniture to Ellis. She had sapken of it long befores eo her servant, Sarah. "I bought it with meny I saved when 1 wT with MArs Brue," she decltred, "and it haesol go back where it cames farom sno long s 've no heir, of my own to give it to. Anddthere'e many adaughter wouldn't have been . good as she's hbeen to me in this illness. ly bit of savings go toe you, Sarah, as I've premised, because you've helpedt met mai's thaem. Bat the furni ture wil hoelp he hep it ome for that poor young thisg,tad I dan'tasO why thehouse 'shouldn't go on as before with you to .nauage it." The house had gone on as before, until ore twe maiden ladice who occupied the best r.oms wore ordered to the south of France eer the winter, and the widow who hat boan a' fixture for years in the dssings room suite went away to live with a married son. .Then it was that Tompkins mindu his appliceijn, and woa accepted. Eltos had thought that she would not like to take gentlemen as lot' ersa butbusiness soold not he conducted on sach principles of faatidiou?.nes. and just n5,0 sab was very ahert of pupils. So Mr j5t.tejehns came, bits eomisgseemed at firet to oake no real difference to Eflie, It was about a month afterward that she' Gu.e in very tired from a long wtlk. She had teen givieg lessons in the afternoon, and ae'e had come through the dark on her way bask. She sat down at the tea table in her little back sitting room, but ate nothing. "Coyne, Evw. Mies Effle, what's the caitter P'" sani Sarah, cheerily. "I can't tell you." she said, pushing her chair from the table and looking around her. It was a dreary plece. She felt chehkd bey t'10 measnoes sf its dack and dingy walls. The life she lived seemed intoer aide in ,sa proverty and lobelinean. She bad no frsirds in the world, nobsly to speek to of Jssr own affairs, except this good-natured tertrant. "Something ha" happened,' said Sarah I .l'os never seen you .liks this before." "It's only," hille answered, "that I've morn a ghost." , earthor than that sho would say noth cag. At this time she had ceased to think of Mr Tampkins, leaving him entirely to the management of Sarah. le hed, the week before, gone into the country on a visit, tut he retained his roomo. "Thre's a letter for you to look at " Niarsh remarked, After a while, and Elie tweed herself to upen and read it. It sas adder,'aed to Miss Brown. so ohe know it aeetained nothing of any private interest. Wkhen. intoned, did any loteo ,,imo to her that did P I [t cooere.,' yeut more thau it does m,," ahe said, toesing it ascres to the mnauging breh t "it's fer ee .Br 'T'ompiuee . Ii, hes offeced tlhe u ea of ldelom to a friend forn foo nightse, and the friea.d will arrivo to aosrow. I suppooa iL will dnat no ditaereuce." " No. mise." 'l'eat ses 'set Ellis t~ed eleeante .5ceýaC. nose I0oro es lbead ins l',.fth lreueo ard were beautifol raiment, aloe emiled as sha entered, and women caressed as they waoomed her. hb liatenoed to s'toat mneic end pleas'nt voicec, sho wandered through gardens rich in flowers. It wan a Prlfeih and sordid dream, perhaps, but it was like a faste of heaven after the life ehehad led; and into that dream there caoe a voice pleoaonter than any of the other, and the touch of a hand that suade her own tremhble; there was such a thrill of emotion in the meeting that she started out of her sleep and awoke sobbing. Oh, how empty and ugly was the world about heor i Sarah was kind to her, but no one rle; and what could Sarah do to help her in her heart-loneliness ' loh was still but a tender yeong thing, and had been uerd for oe many yearo to have at least the semblance of love about her. She had been petted and praised, all her wants had been ministered to, and her favor had been courted and valued. Now she counted for nothing in the world where shillings were of more value than sweet looks. The world was sordid; people counted their pennies grudgingly into softyoung fingers. which had blounsmado only-oa it seemed in her old life-for the tender touches of friendship and love. She had mot a man thatday whobelonged tin her old life. who had helped her, loleed, to spoil it, and now she rneouted to herself, 'OIf I hod aever seen him 1" It was not that she had ever Iovsd himl bht that, in the wilfulness of a hbappy time, she had let her Intercourse with him vex and offend the man she had really loved. SHow could I be so foolish f" she said to herself ; and then she went on to -mumumur, thinking of the man shein had loved; "l I hope he wilt never know or guess what a miserable thing I am now." the fancied that he would only pity and despise her, for he bhd never really loved her; and it seemed to her that already she had taken the tone of herisurroundings, so that aloil grace and boauty had left her. 00I might have been sn happy now," she said, and cried herself to sleep again. Mr Tomkins' friend arrived the next day, while rho was out with her pupils. She wits tolling weartly upstairs on her return, when his door opened and he said "Sarah." She stood still, her hand on the banister, but sheo dlid not look rourd; it seemed as if she had been turned into stone.. If anyone had been In front of her, he would have seeo that her face was as white as it could well be, and that her mouth was drawn with u strong look of distreer. But the lodger was below, and dli not glance up; Sarah came hiurrying out of the kitchen, and -hoie the two taiked, Etlie went on upstairs slowlyand softly. Wen shea reached her own room she sat down by the bed; she was trembling all over now, and did not even attempt to tako nit her jacket. Instead of that she rang her ball, a thing she had not done for years, for sci had long learnt to do without personal attendanco, The strdageness of the incident made Sarah hastln npetptro. SWho is that, Satsoh i", lfo asked. "Wiho were you talking tol" "The new lo lger-HIr Tompkinse' friend I mnean. lie came half an hour ago." " BRot he Is not going to stay 1" " Why, certainly, miss; you said yourself it made no dlfferonee." " I did not know, then; but it is impos -fble that he should stay." "I'm afraid he'll have to. He's brounght his things and everything. We can't turn him out. and why should we? He's neveoi h'nn rods to you, missP" " Rude to me I He would be rude to no one. But-but-if hie stays, I cannot i must go," said Effie, wildly ; and she began to tie her bonnet strings again. "Just sit still, and let me get you a cup of tea. You don't know what youea're saying. Yoe're tired to death." "T know quite well. He is Mr Lucas ; hbe is Paul Luncs, and he has come here I" "Lou's is his name, sure enough, but what differencs that should make I can't ses. You've taken cold," said the good woman, with anxious solicitude, "and got put oun about esomething. Got your things off and come doenstalrs." "I cannot crme down, unless it is to go out and come back no more. I might meet him sf I did." " I don't see how that would matter. He's a gentleman, and you say yourself he'd never be rude to anyone. I didn't think you were one to have such fancies, just because he's yeuoger than we thought." " Bt he would know me, Sarah." " I can't tell what you mean, Miss Eflire, Have you met him bsfore ?" "Met him He ought to have been-if I had nit been a fool he would lunve ?been oh, BSarahb, how can I tell you ' and she put her head down on the coarse colored conn. terpano and sobbed bitterly. " ay, miss, if you won't tell me, how can I help you I Yet, if it's as bad as this it w?ould bs beat to know."* "He is the man I was to-that my uncle wanted me to marry." "Al I" said Sirab, light breaking in upon her, "and yeu didn't like him." Not like him o" said Ellis, fiercely, the pent-u- pas ion of long years breaking ort under this provocation. "I love him with all my heart. I wish he would speak to me to-night as he once did- only once before, and then that I might die and have done with it. and forget the rest." "Good Lord rI" aid the woman, shocked as well as amanud,. "I didn't think you were that sort." $It didn't think so myself," said Eise; "hut I am ild, tired to death, and I don't carn what I say." "Pouer dean You'vo had a bad time, and not woant you've been used to." said Sarah, her sympathy returning. "RBut you don't mean to say that be diln't like you 1" "He didn't like me-much," saold Eflie, in pelft.scorn, "and I vexed him. So he went "'ell, now he's back it'll all come right," said Sarab, cheerfully. "You come down and gut your tea-sad how would it hbe if you was to take him in on a tray ass surprise, and see what wnuld coma of it?" Poor Ellio I The bitterness of herýi' litin, was not likely to be understood by to rude but faltifal friend. She had spokee almost abjectly of her love for Paul Lucas, and yet she would rather die than let him guess her feelings, or ?nai~t him at ott in her present position.. Ifos could Sarah comprehend that P At lost, h?yver, she made it clear that she w"uId neo a.onsfft to reemito in the house another mom. . 4 Lcar knewthat she wao there s as eke 'ead powhere eleo to go to, this threat was csrtain to pnake Sarah keep her eeret safely. Then Saa?h fought against Efae's desire to send IMr ILuc away. There was no season that could be given-if she tried to turn hinblut hle would demand to are the mistress, "Then where would you beP" she asked. "it is but h few days. Yeu need never be on the staire swhen he is in the house. I'll bring your things up and down for yen, and you can go out the hack way. He's net of the sort to pry into plaees that don't beleng to him. He's too much the -e.i.tleman." So Jfile agreed to do nothing desperate. Only she eet up in her cold room wrapped in a shawl uot4.f ldr Lucas went out. Then she erept down to Osa kitchen fire and had her tea. She woo afraid of being alone at all while he was so near. Shot ~l-l that if left to her own thoughts she would be driven to do something strange. She might even get op and walk into the dining-room to say to him, " Won't you foergivce e, Paul. I never loved any eue but you." Wihat could have been more dreadful thou thatP WIhetdcrprato humiliation what dopthe of ignublo self- ecorn might not be expected to follow P At least neow eluc could, 'o somo degree, respect herself, whllb she dwelt alone in her misery sndhe did not know it. (11.trPfl'f 1I. 'ri'o net day, i'aul Lecas aue walkiig oluo through tht p k,. .-sHo had lbut recently retarned to ItO &O.rd.; end hie thougihti' wer, fall of a girl "'cow lip had I I don't ti'iuu h, Iven worthy of Ilue," lie aelu to I ,iu u clu , "but it w eas s? i l,.5' that oho should liar hine oest. lie lie l that sot of way with him, 1 wpl slosh so confoundedly cross, no wonder she hated He was walking briskly, for his disap pointment bad not injored his health, and ho had prospored in the world sineo, which tonds it easier to bear his trouble without despondency. Ho did not notice at first that he was gradually overtaking a young girl who walked slowly as if she felt tired. domething in the way she carried her self at last attracted bin attention, and startled him Into further observation. It was like her, certainly, the girl he had been thinking of, but where was the old easy movement, the graoeful action, the springy lightness o his ame mories P Poor hue I She was tired certainly. and had a blister on her foot. In the old days a walking tour on the mountains had bltered her foot once, and 'then she limped, but now she was eo used to blisters that she had learnt to walk tenderly with out limping. And then her boote were old; they were worn out of shape at the heel. and no woman can walk properly on crooked boots. Sho'kept her pretty figure, and she held herself well, but her dross wao very shabby; her jacoet, like her boots, bad worn out of shape, and was not in th. present fashion, and her bonnet looked dilapidated from exposure to the weather. What wauthere in thie proverty-atricken, dejected girl to remind Paul Lucas of dainty Efile Bruce? Elile Bruce. with the pretty feet always cased in perfect shoes -with the lovely shape always clad in the materials that fitted and became it best with the birdlike head delicately poised and crowned with sunny hair and perfect millinery ? Yet he moved a little faster, and felt his heart begin to beat. Then she turnedto lock at him, and he know her face, which was thinner, sadder, but not so much altered as thu rest of her. lEie I" he cried. ' Oh, Sir Lucas I" There wan distress, almost despair, in her tone. She was hunted down at last, and could keep her miserable secret no more. But he heard only the words she had used. SI beg your pardon." he said ; " I for got that I was not Paulany more. I ought to have said Mrs Cliff." She stood still and looked at him then, her face pain with anger or some other emotion. "No," she said, "certainly not. By no means-that" " Not that P" he sold, his voice trembling a lit Ie; "you anunot be still-Effts Brace P" "What else should I be P" she asked; angrily. 'hani she remembered her own foolish ness. and began to walk rapidly. "Effue, you must epeak to me, I wanit to understand. Why should you run away P It is no use-I shall go with you." This reminded her that by running away she would only take him where she least wanted him to see her go. She stood still and looked at him. "That would be ecuel, indeed," she said. And why F" Because I don't want to see you ever again." T You are cruel to me now." "No s how could I be P? Yo don't know why. Oh, lot me go away I" "I never deserved that you should treat me like this. I carnot bear to know nothing more of you, to lose sight o you, without understanding. You look ill; you look-" " Poor! Yes, and you are sorry for me; but you need not be. I am quite well, and I have everything I want." " I have always thought of you as happy, and-" he paused again s he was bucngling a good deal, but he was too absorbed to feel it. "Prosperous P No, I have not prospered exactly, but I have all I want; and I have always been-happy, quite happy." SIt was all she cauld do to keep the tears out of her voice, but she was determined to say no less. ' How I must have vexed you, and how you must hate me," he said, mortified as well as amazed at her manner, for the old quarrel neednot su'ely have made so bitter a meeting as this between them. " Yes, you vexed me terribly, and I have hated you ever since. Now, will you let me go P" He let her go, and stood watching her. She took the first turning that she came io, going far out of her way to avoid urther encounters ; then she was so tired that she had to take a cab to carry her back to her destination. She cried herself to sleep again that night,°keeping her sobs subdued that he might not hear them in the room under neath; and she said to herself many times over- "Heo 19 sorry for me., he is sorry for me, but he never loved me at all. I must go away from here, or he will find out the teruth. Oh, Paul, Paul I once you nearly loved me, and now I might have been your wie. If only I could see you no more, lest I should tell you all the truth." And he thought, as he smoked his solitary cigar; " I wonder why I wasn't to know where she lived. It can never be that the rascal jilted her." In the darkness of the night Ellie awoke; there was a sound of voices in her ears and a suffocating sensation in her throat. In a moment she understood the meaning of it, for the room was full of smoke. Some one was knocking at her door, also, and calling to her, and she know that it was Paul Lucas. " It's all right, sir," she heard Sarah's voieoo say "I'll wake her and bring her down." "There's no time to lose, the flames may entoh the staircase directly, just under neath." and he struck at the door again. "If you'll go down, sir, and be trying to keep it book till the engine comes, I'll see that she comes down," said Sarah, who thought she understood the reason of Ellio's ailenee. " i can't leave your mistrees to suffocate up here, woman, for she may be suffocating at this msinute-or surely she would answer us." Sarah was a stranger to him, and her conduct seemed inexplicable. The fire, which he had discovered, had originated in a little store-room under the stairease, where a small supply of oil was kept among other materiale. Perhaps this woman, who seemed to manage the whole house herself, had seot fire to it for her own pur. poses, and had intended that her mistrees -some selpless old lady-abohld perish above. "To tell you the truth, sir, I don't believe she'll over come out, not as long as you're here. If you will but leave her to me," said Sarah, in despair. SLeave her to you If she doesn't answer at once I will break the door down It isn't a time for manners and ceremony." Ellie had been dressing herself quickly and quietly. Her hands were trembling and her heart was beating. She did not want to answer Paul; she did not want to open the door and moeet him. But now she must do something. The smoke had made her throat sore; perhaps her voice would be hoarse and he would not recogniso it. " oar you." she answered. " I will be ready in momont. You can go down." Paul stood a. if thunderstruck, Ife turned to Sarah and stared at her. " Who is in that room f " he said, "i liss llruoe? " " VWho olsoP" said Sarah. "She'll never forgive me. I told you to go away. " And you want me to leave her thero Go down and save yourself. The ataircaseo has burnt into flame I yea can't paee in an other momout. No time for delay." Stherust Sarah towardo the ciro with one hand, and then, turning to the d1e, before him, he struck it heavily with bie fita l his intention was evident now ; he war prepared to break it open. WaitIsaid di ; 1 '-will unluck it." Ito heard the key turn I he grarped tOh ,oudle, and then shl stood teforo him She nid droesed rapidly, and at the lase mo,?et had 4rew~p on an old blue dreasino grown) ht be?i r' wa 1g'? a p? r eht?jders her eyes bright with terrror and excolte mat. She looked as far removed from the helpless old lady ho had come to save as she well could do. "Efle I" he said. "Paul I" she answered, then covered her face with her hands. IHe thought he heard the staircaso crackle behind him, and he waited for no more words ; he took her up into hie arms and carried her down. The boards were hot under his feet; and at one place the ii me seemed to snatohat him as he poeeed, hut he held the folds of her blue flannel gown close about her, and she at loeast was unhurt. The engines were arriving in front of the house as he reached the ground floor; the flames, which wore lick ing the stole caos half way up. had not yet spread downward, and Effia's little sitting-room was still safe. Sarah wasoo waiting at the door of it, and thither he carried Efle. She had not stirred once since he had taken her into his arms, and she had turned her face away from his to hise shoulder. "Now," he said, speaking to Sarah, "there in the old lady to think of-your mistress, Mfisc Brown." "I am Mise Brown," said Ella. Sarah hod turned and fled; she had the house to consider; these young people could settle the rest themselves. The flremonhad already taken possesion ' of the place; a landing window had been thrown open, and the engines were playing upon the fire; it seemed likely that they would soon be able to extinguish it; buht Sarah must see that her mistress's goods were damaged as little as possible. Paul made one run into the hall to aeo what was the position of affairs; then he hurried hback to the sitting-room and shut the door. "Efli ,"' he said what are you doing hero f"' "I live here," she replied. Her bright and beautiful hair fell over her shoulders; she was glad to have it as a screen to her feo ; the delicate lace at her wristo-for the old dressing-grown was a remnant of happier days-half covered the hands that she clasped together She had eat down, with her head drooping ishe was shy 1 and lt shamed, but she looked more like her old self than site had done for years-more like the pretty, spoilt child of the past. Sarah had lighted a kitehen candle and put it on the table. It was beroiog there now. "In the onme house with me," said Paul, "And l did not know." "I dil not want you to know." He felt that he oughe to go then, that there was no reason at all to stay; but there wae something in her shy and sbrlniaig attiasdo that gave him courage. And, in fact, the emharrassment of her present can. dition had for the moment pot other embar aosnmeuts out of her mind. Sit wondered whether he had observed that she had thrust her bare feet into her worn slippers. He had observed nothing of the sort. buat he felt that the girl before him was not the girl he hid mot in the park, angry and cold. He rcold not lose his opportunity. He put his hands an the tightly classel fingers under their frine o f lace. "aSe," he said, "will yoea tell me why you did not marry him 1" "I never thought of such a thing," said Eiffle, putting more of her shoulder between herself and her fa:e. He did not find the action discocraging. "Then you used him only as a means of getting rid of me l" She was si lent bet she took her hands from under his and hid them in her sleeves. He felt that the battle mseat be fought and won now, or lost altogether. " Because you hated me so much," he went on, withdrawing a little in response to her own movement. "I did not hate you." "At any rate, you do now." She was silent again for a moment; then she said " I don't know why you should say se" "Becease you like me to bh miserable," She meditated a little and clasped her hands together again, drooping her head morn? "I don't know why you should be miser able." "Baceauo you don't love me." She trembled and rd away from him altarether. " You never loved meat all," she replied. Some instinct told him that that turning away was thae last acot f resistance behfore earrender If hs dare to take advantage of it, tie pat his arms about her and drew her arck to him. o1 love yen new. at any rate. Ana nava loved you all the time." "Itis because I am so poor and you are sorry for me," Efti whiap'ol; but her lips nera near enough for him ta feel their movement like a caress. "I have nIo Ien hbow poor you are; and I am not lorry far you in the least. It is my dslf that I am sorry for.' o* Sov ' she said under her breath. "VWell, not no-:xcept that Sarah it tamrning the handle to say that the fire it out." "Law, milu." said that good woman, open log the door, "there's been a deal of damage done, but no0 an much as might bare been ,.perced, and we mutt just make the best of it. Mrs Jone. next door, has sent In to say that you could sleep there, if you like, overything b lug 0o apset." Etfie sleptnext door, leaving the trouble nf putting everything to rights to Sarah and ilr Laces, who showed himself downright obliging on this occasion, and, al Sarah said, everything that a gentleman should be." When, a few 'weeks alter, Bill B;uce re turned to her old Bphere of life as llr Paul Lcarc, evcryboey wondered where in the rorld she had hidden herself meanwhile. ilot they had not been very particular in their inqliries about her when the was lost to th.m, and so they felt It due to tem. i ,lcl not to be too exact in their questions after her restoration to their field of vislion. Wherever she had bcen, she had acqulred a l'gnity and dilstance of maner tha; had not iern hers before. Mie Brown's old house was kept on for years after ard by Mies S. Garner, wh3e Ooristlan name was, as a few people re membered, Sarah. The housa had a great Jeal of new and gool furnlture put into it by a Mr Lucar, who happened to ba staying chere at the time of a disastros fira. So the neighbors understood. But what bseame of Mrs Brown's niece those neighbors never know. Somo people mali her name had not really been Brown, but Branch or Hrnce, or perhaps Brotgh. These, however, Nero vague traditions which were never properly elucidated. She went away, and that part of the city saw her no more. I'rhbibly Miss . Garner could have given ler friends further information, but she never did. 