WHO RODS VIXEN? . \- — By D. Garcia, " You're never surprised at any tiring, eh, lad? Well, I used to aay the same until But there, suppose I tell you the story. 44 It's nigh on twelve years ago that the event I'm going to relate to you occurred, but the re- collection of it is as fresh in my mind as though it had only happened yesterday. 44 At that time I was acting as private trainer to Squire Alton, and a better, kinder, or truer-hearted English gentleman I never wish to see. Things had gone very bad with us all that season, and I knew that the squire, who was a heavy bettor, must have dropped it to a tidy tune, but I had no idea matters were as queer as they were. However, I was soon to find out. 44 I was sitting in my snuggery one evening, musing gloomily enough over our past non- Buccess, and despondently wondering if the lack ever would change, when a rap came at the door, and in response to my mechanically uttered 'Come in,' there entered the squire himself. 44 To say I was surprised is but to give a faint idea of my astonishment, for I had thought him in London, two hundred miles away. He smiled as he walked across the room to greet me — such a wan, weary smile it was, too, the mere ghost of his old-time jo viality. 44 4 You didn't expect to see me, did you, Brown F' he said, as we shook hands. 4 But there, I know you did not. You won't be surprised, however, when I tell you my reason for coming. Just give me a brandy and soda, and I'll explain all about it.' 44 He emptied the glass at a gulp. 44 4 Now," he said, as he put it down, 4 let's get to business. In the first place, what should you think Vixen could win the Larkshire Cup with?' 44 4 Eleven stone seven,' I answered promptly. 44 Right,' he said; 4 and I think so too. Well, here' — and he drew a slip of paper from his pocket-book — 4 are the weights, and she has only eleven stone to carry.' 44 4 Why, squire," I cried, eagerly, 4 it's a moral — that is, of course, if you ride your self.' 44 4 Oh, I shall ride her, never fear and he added, grimly, 4 I've too much at stake to be out of that. 4 For a few moments he remained silent, gazing sadly into the fire ; then he spoke again. 44 4 Brown,' he said, 4 1 daresay you're wondering what on earth I wanted to leave town for simply to bring these weights do wn, when you might have seen them for yourself in a few hoars' time. Bat that is not all. I have something else to tell you. As you know, I've been losing heavily all the season, and the defeat of Red Boy last week was a fair facer. Racing debts, though, I might have managed, but yesterday I received the news that a mine in which I held an enormous number of shares 18 practically worthless. To cut a long story short, the plain fact is that I'm on the verge of ruin, and but one chance is left me of extricating myself from my difficulties. The Larkshire Cup I must win, and Vixen is the mare that most do the trick.' 44 4 She can, and shall,' I exclaimed, ex citedly. » 44 4 Well, I hope so,' he said, quietly— 4 not so much for my own sake, as for hers and I saw a tear steal slowly down his cheeks, 44 1 knew whom he meant. Two great trouble?, it had been the squire's fate to battle with during his lifetime. The first had come years and years before, when his twin brother, to wham he was passionately attached, had disappeared, and never since been seen or heard of. The second was the death of his wife, who, dying in child-birth, had be queathed him as a heritage of love Alice, his golden-haired, bine-eyed daughter. It was of her he was thinking. Gambler he might be, and as a gambler he could meet the blow; but that she— his darling, the core of his heart— Ah, I understood how he felt just then. 44 Long through tne night— far, indeed, into the early 'boors of the morning— we sat in earnest conversation, discussing the pi»« of campaign, and when at length the squire took his leave, there was even & trace of the by gone light- heartedness in his 4 Good-bye, Brown; we shall weather the storm yet. 44 You can imagine mine was a pretty anxious time during the next month. Luckily, Vixen for once was inclined to have a long spell of good temper, and so progressed in her training all that could be desired. During the last week the squire came down to put her through her winding-up gallops, and her ladyship fairly delighted us both. 44 4 W« shall do Brown,9 aaid he, on the morning before the race, as we watched the stable-lad lead her away; 'she'll win in a cantor to-morrow. I shall run up to town this afternoon and have another 4 monkey on. Might as well be hong for a sheep as a lamb. 44 It was a glorious day, and as I cantered towards the course, even the knowledge of what was at stake failed to stay my rising spirits. 44 X thought to have found the squke there, but not seeing him, I strolled into the ring to hear how the betting was going. Vixen was Becond favorite, the leading posi tion on the lists being held by Good Lad, a clever chaser, I knew, and the only animal I believed to threaten danger. 44 The big event was set for three o'clock, and half an hour before that time I made my way towards the paddock for the purpose of putting the finishing touches upon the mare. 44 1 had still seen no signs of the squire, mid certainly felt somewhat uneasy, but no thought of any accident entered my mind. Scarcely had I entered, however, when I saw a tele graph boy approaching, and in another moment I had torn the message open and knew the truth. " Papa dangerously ill,' it Baid. 4 Getanother jockey.' 44 That was all ; but it was enough, I tell you, to completely stun me for the time being. 4 Get unnthsr jockey'! Where ? In her bad fits Vixen was a she- devil. With the squire she seldom belied her name, but in the hands of a stranger she was a mad horse. Like one in a dream I walked over to where the lad was lead- her round. 44 4 It's all up, Dick, I said, while the lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger and bigger ; 4 the squire's ill — can't ride — and " 44 1 stopped suddenly, as I caught the ex pression on my listener's face. His eyes were starting from their sockets, and bis whole expression was oae of frightened surprise. With an exclamation of impatience, I turned on my heel, and then I, too, stood rooted to the soot with astonishment, for there, in front of me, looking like one just risen from the dead, was he whom but a few moments before I had believed to he lying dangerously ill, perhaps dying, miles and miles away — the squire himself ! 44 4 Squire Alton!' I gasped. 44 He made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, the awfnl pallor of his face shown np all the the more vividly by the bright blue of his racing- jacket — for he was folly equipped for riding — he stood for more than a minute like a statue of stone. Suddenly a convulsive shudder agitated his limbs, and then, his countenance still wear ing the same expressionless stare, he strode slowly past me towards Vixen, swung himself into the saddle, _ and cantered away to the starting post. 44 What did it mean? Here in my hand lay the telegram telling me of his illness, and yet, not three hundred yards away, I could see him, in the dear old Alton colors, sitting Vixen with the easy grace I knew so well. Was I mad or dreaming? 44 1 watched the field as they drew into line, saw the flag fall, and they were off. 44 A stiff bit of country was the Larkshire Cup course— three miles and a half nearly of genuine hunting plough, ditch, wood and water. Something in red shot out from the rest as they lauded in a line over the first obstacle, and made tho running in advance of the favorite ; King Tom, a slashing chestnut, coming third, and Vixen next. v By the stand, the first time, the order of the leading quartet was unchanged, bat the rest of the field had dropped back, .and were evidently already oat of it. Half way through the plough, the second time, the leader came back to his horses clean pumped out, Good Lad now going on first, with King Tom next, and Vixen snaking along third; a couple of lengths behind. 44 The next jump, a' doable post and rails, proved fatal to the chance of King Tom, he over-jumping and coming a fearful cropper. There were now hut a few small fences between that and the water, and my heart gave a throb of hope as I saw the beautiful long, low action of Vixen take her stealing up to the quarters of the favorite. 44 Fifty yards from the crucial test they were neck and neck. I saw the squire sit down to ride ; I saw the brilliantly-tinted jackets rise in the air ; there was a wild yell from a multitude of throats, and as Vixen came cantering np the straight alone, I knew it was all over — Good Lad was down, and the cap was all our own ! 44 With a cry of delight I turned towards the weighing-room. I had some little flisfrmcft to go, and as I reached the entrance I met the squire coming out. 44 4 So it has come off! I cried. 4 1 knew it would.' 44 He never spoke. With the same rigid expression upon his face as it had worn before the raoe, his eyes staring into vacancy, he brushed past me, and in another moment mingled with the crowd and disappeared- "-It was beyond my comprehension, and until the mystery was unravelled I could not rest. By the next train X went np to town, and pro ceeded to the squire's residence. I asked for his daughter. She came, a look of fafense anxiety upon her features. 44 4 Well,' she said, 4 how Is it ? Have yon won? 44 Won!' I repeated, with surprise. 4 Why, haven't yon heard? Of course we have. Vixen came home alone, and the sonire never rode a finer race in his life." 44 4 The squire!" she cried, astonished In her turn. 444 Yes, I said; 4 but I couldn't make htm oat He Dever spoke a word to me all the tt«no he was on the course.' " 'The squire !' die again repeated. 4 impos sible! Why, papa is lying Slat this very moment in his room. He has never left his bed since early this morning !' "But I tell yon X commenced, and then suddenly stopped, while for theBeoond time that day X almost doubted my own sanity, for the door had been noiselessly opened, and there, just Inside the room, stood Squire Alton, looking his old-time self indeed, thTJ bronze of vigorous health on his cheeks. J his eyes as keenly bright as of yore. "For a few moments he stood, evident? enjoying our astonishment; then his 7- broke the spell ; V0lCe "Do notbe afraid,' he said; and now I noticed that the ring of his tones differed fro my old master's. 4 1 am no ghost, yet neitW am I Squire Alton. Bat sit down, young Udv and yon, sir, and I'll explain the mvtfJl fully. J ry 44 Mechanically we obeyed, and he followed suit. 44 4 And now,' he said, addressing Miss Alton. 4 did you never hear of your father's twin brother — your Uncle George ?' 14 4 Why, yes,' said Miss Alton, 4 many times. But surely you are not ' 41 4 He. Indeed, but I am. Listen. Eighteen years ago I left home- why, it matters not- but from that day to last week not a single soul around the whole place has known my where abouts, or if I were alive or dead. I had never thought to set foot on England's shores again, but somehow the tramp fever burned itself out in the end ; a longing for the old scenes took its place, and a month ago I landed at 4 home sweet home,' once more. 44 4 1 had first intended to see the squire, my brother immediately, but a few chance words X' heard dropped at my club caused me to change my mind. The words I refer to gave me a faint idea of my brother's position, and by dint of judicious inquiries I was soon in posses- tion of the facts of the case. I knew that un less Vixen won, the squire was ruined beyond all redemption. 44 'Poor papa !' murmured his daughter. 44 4 Well, I had, unknown to my brother, watched him on several occasions, and I saw that his nerves were being gradually wrought into such a state of tension that they m:ght snap at any moment, and a serious illness result. Anticipating, therefore, some such thing has occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly. To secure my qualification as a gentleman rider was easy enough. Years in the saddle out West has made me a horseman with few equals. I knew every inch of the Larkshire Cup course from experienced gained as a hoy. The main difficulty was Vixen. If she cut up rough it was all over. However, to some extent I smoothed away that trouble. Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been in the Altou service since wheu a lad. To him I went, revealed my identity, and stated my plan. He fell in with it at once, and through his instrumentality I had a few half- hours in the mare's company, that put 'is on the best of terms with each other. So, when this morning the blow fell which I had feared all along, I had everything in train for operations. The rest you know. I rode Vixen, and I don't mind saying that a more comfortable ride I never had in my life. Mine was a wild act, but it came off.' 44 4 But your awfnl whiteness :' I cried, still doubting. 44 He langhed. 4 Oh, I didn't 44 storm barns" for a conple of years with a dramatic com ; any without learning how to 44 make up." So now yon know the whole story, and all there is to do is to tell the squire of Vixen's victory— it Will do him more good than physic, I'll be bound — and then, immediately he's well enough, we'll all go down to the old place to gether. 14 And this was done. The load of anxiety once removed from his mind, Squire Alton steadily improved — joy at being re-united to his brother materially helping him on to re covery — and in a few weeks time he was about again, as well and hearty as ever. 44 Now, what I wish to say is this: If tod are never surprised at anything, I'm not ashamed to confess that a more astonished man never breathed than 4 yours truly the day he solved the mystery as to 4 Who rode Vixen ?' " — 44 Weekly Budget.' 