THE SKETCHER. REMINISCENCES OF THE MURRAY. [By VIDI.] Tourists and others claim that the Murray is decidedly unpicturesque; that it is simply a commercial stream and nothing more. Let us see. Sweeping placidly on round bend after bend, past bright emerald curves, under the giant redgums, just clearing a treacherous inshore snag on the edge of a strong back- water, all the boat lore of the past came back with a new meaning, and we find the lone fisherman under the lee of a gigantic octopus- like mass of roots, as interesting in his way as the "Siwash" who poised his salmon spear on the rocky ahores of the Fraser. Nature's garb may be somewhat monochro- matic here. There may even be a deadness of effect at times almost dispiriting; but as a man has eyes and brains, he will be continu- ally culling something for the mind's scrap- book. For instance, one night I caught the following mind picture:— Vividly illuminated by the flame of his big cooking fire O. was attending his pots with sleeves rolled up and pipe lit. Beyond and directly in the sheen lay the boat, while the trees silhouette against an old-gold, rapidly fading sky, with the far-reaching plains as a middle ground, a tiny cottage nestling in heavy foliage, through which gleamed a solitary light in the fore, and the long water reach, tinted and shadowed from bend to bend, completed a scene not to be forgotten. The witchery I claim for the Murray lies mostly in its weirdness, and with me was not lightly felt. The bird that skirr'rs swiftly overhead and the thistle down that skims the river surface over the smoke wreaths that curl from the comforting "briar," are each part of a strangely felt whole. Marcus Clarke—God rest him!—speaks of the weird melancholy of Australian bush scenery. I have felt the truth of his observa- tions very deeply on the New South Wales— Queensland border, more especially during night rides; and I know a sadness that cannot be overcome preys upon many of our back- block pioneers. Here, in the day time, with the cries of a score different birds, the busy hum of torment- ing flies, the tinkle of distant cowbells, and the rhymthic plash of oars, the effect is cheer- ing. Master Cooky has his say, Miss Maggie hers, and friend Jackie—wag of the bush— laughs accompaniment. Anon a flock of black duck wheel within shot, or a crane in Quaker- grey feathering soars from his perch, while "Brer Rabbit" solemnly regards the way- farer from his coign of vantage under the wattle. Yes, despite all this brightness of the day- time and the merry, song-laden, gloaming hour, in the pale light of the moon or the cold haze of the starshine the ghost wanders. It comes through the spare timber and seems to permeate space beyond the camp fire, its cry, like a ventriloquist wail of despair, thrilling the air. We hear its mournful sigh in the tree tops, its low plaint from the billa- bong side, and the mutterings of things noc- turnal voice a tale that ceases only with the dawn, a tale so full of nameless intensity that one can well understand its effect upon such natures as Gordon and Kendall. Once, in the twilight, we drifted along a track of tarnished silver, in which two pale stars were reflected like fairy lamps. An opposing bank seemed to bar much further progress, and beyond loomed a vast shadowland. Edging the track with a delicate tracery, wonderful in its minuteness, every tree was mirrored to the uttermost leaf, and the sky, paling from dead gold at the western horizon to an electric blue- green, deepened overhead to the luminous blue so characteristic of Australian summer nights. My companion—one of the most prosaic fellows alive—acknowledged the charm, when suddenly from the depths of the shadow a lurid fire burst forth, and in the glow we caught a glimpse of picturesque figures, a covered boat, and a tent, and the next moment a stentor hail greeted us. Trying for a landing just below, we nar- rowly missed capsizing upon some ugly snags in swift water, but were soon fraternising with the owners of the Rambler, one of whom proved to be an old Boer-fighter, the other an ex-sailor. Seated à la Turk, with a great billy of tea between us and an open " 'bacca" pouch near by, we indulged in reminiscences for several hours. Sometimes "up-saddling and off-saddling" under Bayley and Carrington on the velds of Basuto Land, again trailing with Crawford and Crook in the American sierras, or cow- boying from Texas to Alberta, often pacing the fo'cstle head of "Limejuicer (British ship) Yank" or "Bluenose" (Nova Scotia-man), we put in a rare time; and I may here remark that the meeting of such men as these consti- tutes one of the principal pleasures in a vaga- bond trip down the Murray. "Now for a moonlight run into ghostland," I said as we headed away again; and truly, had the water-sprite of my old horse Fairy- book appeared through the gums he would not have been inopportune. Vistas opened here and there with the peculiar phantasmal effect produced by the green light in pantomime shadows deepened here the light fell. There all was dark. Grotesque forms squatted in the uncertainty ashore; anon a startling cry rang through the night, and often some mal- formed snag took the most gruesome character. Sometimes the same banks at the bends, rounded and smooth, gleamed in the silver sheen like the soft curves of a naked mammoth body; at others dead walls confronted us, and we knew not which way the channel turned; once even the electric moonbeams played so prettily on the rippling surface of the water that I was fain to liken the effect to that of a thousand golden lizards all entwined. So much for the Murray by moonlight. It is daylight again, and the Echuca mill boat Adelaide, with her barge, is receiving a cargo of redgum logs over long skids from the bank. The steamer outside her bow is just keeping enough way on to resist the current. The sun-burned crew, with handspikes and tackle, are working up a huge log, "ye-heeing" after the fashion of sailors. They are dirty, the Adelaide is dirty, and the background of more logs and dead timber is dirty. There is not one gleam of colour to relieve the morbid tint of things. An etching has no colour, but it has artistic beauty—so has this waterside vignette, from the pose of the stalwart gang- boss to the phlegmatic countenance of the black cook. One peculiarity of the Murray is its zigzag course, giving about two and a half to three miles water route to one of land. It is this abruptness of turn which causes the current to set from point to point, and forms the nume- rous eddies and backwaters, also the sand bars, which are so acceptable for bathing-places. There are also many "reefs," troublesome to steamer traffic, but these do not trouble the small-boat man at all. His only annoyances are the flies and mosquitoes, and apropos of those pests I think the tirade of an Irish friend of mine against Queensland is equally applicable here. "Qunisland is it? Git out wid ye. E'ill give ye Qunisland. First ye have the snoipe wid the yeller billy. Then the ally-gay-torr wid his mouth woide open. The moskeeters by noight, the floies by day—first on yure bread, then on yure mate, then down yure t'roat—wallop." A fly nut for the day time and a green bough or cow dung fire at night will mitigate these annoyances largely. Now sweeping under an overhanging tree, past a group of sapling gums at the water's edge, again between the forks of a giant snag, with the screams of cockatoos and whistlings of magpies in our ears, watching a stray king- fisher, white crane, or ibis, or keeping a look out for ducks, we are never dull. At every turn there is something fresh, it may be a tint study, a back glance up stream to catch a dif- ferent view, a bird on a snag, or the grotesque position of the snag itself; or ashore, a snake killing adventure; but all through each day's run there are incidents which are not only interesting but instructive. A cockatoo river- sider's house and quaint outbuildings, with a stack of bagged chaff ready for shipment, an irrigation plant primitive or elaborate, a steamer and barge, some girls fishing, vary things; but if the Pearl or Gem happen up in the night time with their great electric bow- lights all ablaze, the effect is grand, and re- minds one strongly of the "Ole Missisip." There is also a vague fascination in the lonely abandoned dwellings the Murray voyager comes across, with illustrated paper covered walls which vandal hands are fast de- pleting. I remember one especially we had primâ facie evidence that a young mother nursed her little one at the yawning fireplace, and I conjured up a home picture to contrast with the present one, which is well worth re- producing if space permitted, for the grim- visaged Boer-fighter, shirt open, pipe lit, his jolly round-phizzed mate mixing damper, my dirty, carelessly- dressed sailing chum, and my own sun-dried self, all in the glare of a huge log fire, with our own belongings, from guns and dogs, jambed in out of the rain, would have been no mean subject for an artist. As a typically Australian scene a sunset view from one of our camps was superb. The rose shot gold tints on the water, and green gold of the bankside foliage, backed by an open timber belt, through which the dying light played upon a billabong, delighted us. At Tol Tol, or Tol Toy, on the Victorian tide, about three miles below Euston, one of the prettiest scenes upon the upper river is obtained. The broken red cliffs, rising to a considerable height, pre- sent a sharp contrast to the low bank opposite, and are very vivid in colouring, showing a large variety of tints, although the scrub timber upon them is of sage dead- ness. The farm-house upon the slope above them is built of pole logs, is bark-roofed, and forms, through its quaintness, no small ad- junct to its landscape. Some few miles above Euston there is one of the finest game camps in the country. A long line of red cliff also marks it. The locality is quite pretty, and a good shot would have ample opportunity to get in a really enjoyable week. One of the most interesting and picturesque features of what I have termed "The Arca- dian Murray" is its riverside population, to which belong the bona fide fishermen, the wood cutters, and nondescript vagabonds who are not "whalers." Some of the former own quite comfortable homes. As for the vags., who may be either white or black, they live in anything and on anything. The fishermen are hard-working, honest fellows for the most part, intelligent, and are not prone to spin big fish stories. The wood- cutters, who produce fuel for the steamers, &c.;, are many of them very interesting characters. The genial traveller can spend an evening occasionally among them and thoroughly appreciate their simple narratives. The "vags" are vags, and as such yarn delightfully when not growling about the hard times. A thoroughly genial fellow, making up his mind to throw off the bonds of "caste," could holiday a couple of summer months splen- didly for the matter of a £10-note, exclusive of fares to and from the river. He could strike Albury or Echuca for the Murray, or, pre- ferring it, come down the Murrumbidgee from Hay, or even down the Darling. Game and fish are plentiful, and the absolute freedom obtained is delightful. Let him choose a "mate" of his own calibre, or throw in with a gentlemanly "vag." (there are many), buy a boat for about £2, a small tent, and a few cooking utensils; also the inevitable gun and fishing-lines, and plenty of good "smoking," and I'll guarantee him a change in health and strength very shortly. A dog is a splendid companion if reliable. A good retriever of any kind is invaluable among the lagoons that infest the Murray country. A boat will always bring its price if good, and a shotgun purchased in the city at a sovereign (muzzleloader) would easily bring thirty shillings, so that they are not valueless property at the end of the cruise. At any of the townships en route one can get the best of literature, &c.; There are also other attractions, of which the land question is by no means the least. I am strongly of opinion that the time is coming when a few acres of alfalfa (lucerne), a nice little fruit orchard, and a poultry yard will outlive the big wheat areas upon which so many of our farmers are struggling. Mildura, Pericoola, and other places upon the Murray (places which astounded me when compared with my memories of California) have shown what judicious irriga- tion will do; and I see a great future for small properties on the river. A shrewd man can combine his holiday with a little business, Upon the whole, even contrasted with the wild and rugged Canadian streams I have described elsewhere, the Murray has an attraction peculiarly its own in its character studies; its semi-Americanisms, of which the "three-deck and no bottom" steamboat is the principal; and last, but not least, the insight it gives into that Australia of which we read as lads and longed to see. I leave it with regret. 