The Drover's Camp, A STORY OF THE MELBOURNE CUP. TO the drover Chri- stmas time means nothing more than any other season of the year. It is ve- ry seldom that an inland cattle dro- ver is near civilisa- tion on Christmas Day, on which the monotonous eight mile march has to be done just as on other days of the year, when, in- stead, of the roast goose and plum pudding of the citizen, salt junk and damper is the bushman's fare. But sometimes an exception to the rule occurs, and those who have done the weary inland journey from Gulf with a large mob will understand the pleasure of a cattle camp reaching the lake of water half-way between Thargomindah and Dynarar Downs, on the gum holes track, the time being Christmas, with a week's spell on the shores of the well-grassed lake promi- sed. It was real Australian Christmas weather-with the atmosphere as still as in a calm when crossing the line. The cattle after their swim were soon lazy and quiet, and everything was made snug for Christmas. Sports, the chief item of which was a swim- ming race for horses across the lakes, enabled the camp to spend a pleasant day, and in the cool of the evening the Christmas meal was heartily enjoyed; and well it might be, for was not the luxury of plum pudding a portion of the fare, as well as fresh beef, a lame bullock having been sacrificed. To add still, more to the pleasure of the camp the boss unexpectedly produced grog, over the discussion of which a story was called for. One member of the company was possessed of some bushranging experiences, but as his exploits with the knights of the road had been pretty well pumped out of him on the journey he had to give way to one who professed a more intimate knowledge of the sporting world in the south, and more especially with regard to the Mel- bourne Cup than any other man in the camp. He was a queer little fel- low we had rescued from the flies of the Barcoo, and perhaps that was the reason why he was. dubbed "Barcoo Bill," but he had not lived his whole life in the centre of Australia. In his younger days he had probably been a stable hanger-on and tout in Melbourne and Geelong, but Billy, in his moments of confidence, would much sooner prefer that his audience believed him to be one of the crack jockeys of the past, and he talked familiarly of Donnelly, Stanley, Jem- my Ashworth, M. Thompson, Ender- son, Billy and Jimmy Wilson, Crack- nell, Jellett, and all the other dons of the time, and the only regret that seemed to affect him was that jeal- ousy had stood in the way of his taking the lead of all. Billy wanted no pressing to tell his yarn, and he hit out straight away. "Some of you chaps have never seen a Melbourne Cup, but you can just take it from me that it is the one sight in Australia that should never be missed. Why what can a fellow claim to have seen if he has not been to the Cup, but I can remember Flemington when it was not the grand place it is to-day, and when the attend- ance could be numbered by hundreds, instead of thousands, as it is now. Poor old Bagot, the secretary of the V.R.C., did much to make the Cup meeting what it is, and although he is dead and gone, there is an old covey named Miles, still in the V.R.C. office, who has done a lot for Melbourne rac- ing without being starred as others have been. The Melbourne Cup, you know, was not always the rich stake it is now, as the added money when Archer won it two years in success- ion, in 1861 and 1862, was only a cou- ple of hundred or so, while now its a fortune to the fellow lucky enough to cop it, if he is not ambitious to live on champagne and stick up to the Royal family. The Victorian sports came down liberally with the dust, and that made the Melbourne Cup what it is; and although those who have seen Randwick must admit that it is a splendid and beautiful course, yet the Cup has made Flemington the head quarters of racing in Australia, and there's no get out of that. No wonder that it attracts people from all parts of the world, because there has never been a bad race for it, and its a hundred quid to a hit in the eye that if you back a starter you back a trier. That's a big thing to say, because nowadays, and on other cour- ses, many of which are money-making concerns, owned by private men, not for the sake of sport, the difficult thing is to spot the trier from the field of stiff-uns, and probably the stiffest stiff- un is owned by one of the swells who bosses the club, and can do what he likes. But Lord bless us, don't the town jokers drop on to the poor coun- try bloke when his horse doesn't run up to form. He is in on the carpet before he can say Jack Robinson, and the outraged town steward relieves his conscience, overburthened because of neglect of duty in the past, by sending the country fellow up on the same prnciple, I suppose, as caused the poet to write Rattle his bones Over the stones, He's only a pauper, Who nobody owns. Well you don't see any of that stiff- ness in a Melbourne Cup, but all are sensational races, not only because the running is good, but because such vast sums of money are at stake on a race which is all over in about three minu- tes and a half. There have been more sensational races, but the race for the thirteenth Cup, in 1873, was more sen- sational to me than any of the others, and before that time, Banker, Lan- tern, Toryboy, The Barb, Tim Whif- fler, Glencoe, Warrior, Nimblefoot The Pearl, and The Quack had all made names for themselves. In 1873 Joe Thompson had become a well- known bookmaker, and owned a fine big raking four-year-old named Don Juan, by Lucifer out of Levity. He had shown lots of toe, and Joe, who was as good a judge of a horse as he was of a fool, and he knew how to make fools out of jockeys who thought they were wise and clever, sent The Don up to his pal's place at St. Al- bans, and there were few who knew better what to do with a good moke than old Jimmy Wilson. But the first to tip The Don as the winner of the Melbourne Cup was, as they would say in the "Lancashire Lass," a party by the name of Johnstone He made it his business to see Joe and made a wager with him almost as remarkable as that wager of a thousand pounds to a cigar laid to Mrs. Craig about Nimblefoot, who had won the Cup three years before. He told Joe that he had a horse in his stable who could win the Melbourne Cup. 'Well then if I have,' said Joe, 'I'll lay you the horse to a sove- reign that what you name can't win and the horse shall run in your name The sovereign was forthcoming, and the wager, which cost Joe a cool £2000, and also probably confirmed him as King of the Ring, was made. When Mr. Bagot called for entries for the Melbourne Cup, the name of Mr. W. Johnstone appeared as the nomina- tor of Don Juan, b h, 4 years old, by Lucifer-Levity. His preparation was entrusted to Jimmy Wilson at St. Albans, a nice quiet, out of the way spot to get a horse ready in, an while the Don had not many friends, what few there were were real daisies in keeping what they knew to them- selves dark, and as the horse was do- ing real well, they promised to give those members of the ring who were not in the charmed circle an upper cut they would remember. The select party were pretty well confined to Jimmy Wilson, Bill Branch, Joe Thompson, and Barney Thompson and as the big horse continued to do well, the St. Albans boys got on him to a man. I had a hundred to five and was lucky to get that, as the Thompsons and Branch had seen the horse do an eye opener, and all the Dagworths, Horatios, Fitzyattendons and the big field entered for the rac,e would not have frightened them out of the market after they had seen the Don cut down the best trial horse in the stable as if he had been stand- ing still. Didn't they pile it on too, and they seemed to take a delight in picking up all the Sydney money they could find. It was intercolonial war. Joe Thompson got £60,000 about the horse, while the others had him bac- ked for a large sum. They were very confident, although one of those wise press writers who had seen the Don on the Caulfield Heath, discredited him as being a big cart horse, with no earthly show in the Melbourne Cup, but then they are not always right, for I remember one fellow who undertook to eat a horse if he ran into a place in the Melbourne Cup. The horse ran second, but the press- man's promised dinner never came off, and, by the way, that scribbler, who wears gig lamps, looked as if a good feed wouldn't do him any harm. The big cart horse business didn't disturb Jimmy Wilson and his friends a bit, and they just laughed as they pictured what the big cart horse would do, but it's not all sunshine in racing matters, and the time came when the bright prospects of the St. Albans party were suddenly clouded. It was a mighty big crash, too, and was one which made the King of the Ring offer up a prayer with a tail to it that sounded very like a curse, but he did not sit down under the misfortune. Just four days before the Cup the Don had done a splendid gallop, and had pleased his friends more than ever, but when he returned to his box down he flopped, and for a short time it was thought he was as dead as a door nail. He was not, but it was a fainting fit of such a serious nature as to show that there was something mighty crooked with his heart gear. Joe Thompson was all over the shop when he heard the news, and he soon enlisted the services of the best ve- terinary that dollars could buy, but when the vet saw the Don, he shook his head, and said it was all over with the big horse so far as the Mel- bourne Cup was concerned. Although there was no hope, he promised to do his best. There was not much secret made of the calamity, and it was soon known that Don Juan had gone wrong, and that very fact made it impossible for those who had backed him to lay much of their good stuff off. In fact, I believe that all that Joe Thompson got rid of was £2000, because when it was heard that Don Juan was amiss the public felt less inclined than ever to back the big cart horse, and the bookies who had laid him were as jubilant as if they had a profitable dead'un in their bags. But the Don was a long way from be- ing a dead'un, and before morn broke on Cup Day the veterinary was proud to say that by his skill he had so patched up the big horse that he could fulfil his Cup engagement, and as the Don stepped into the saddling pad- dock he looked something like himself again, the eye which wandered over the throng being once more clear and fearless. The bookies began to think the clever St. Albans push had been playing a game with them, and the public joined in the thought, and rushed in, as they always do when there's a little mystery about a horse, to back the Don, but the bookies had put on the break, and the best that could be got about the 'big cart horse' was 3 to 1. He therefore went to the post the hottest favorite up to that time, and I believe since, for the Mel- bourne Cup. The conditions of the race at that time were a sweep of 20 sovs, with 300 sovs added, the second horse to receive 50 sovs, and the third to save his stake, distance 2 miles. Why the third horse gets a long way more now than the first horse did in those days! Hamlet, with Enderson up top weight with 9st 7lb, was among one of the first out, and looked real well, but Don Juan, with 6st 12lb, seemed to me to be his daddy, but there were others that caused me a lot of anxiety. The dangerous De Mestre had Horatio in at 7st 13lb, with Mark Thompson in the saddle, while the mighty Dagworth, with Donnelly to steer him, seemed the pink of condition. There were besides in the field Hamlet, Priam, The Ar- row (who belonged to the invincible honest John Tait), Lancer, Exile, (the gallant hero that dropped down dead poisoned after winning the Ballarat Cup), Dolphin, King of Clubs, M'Cal- lum Mohr (another of Tait's), Early Morn, Calabar, Protos, Index, Ace of Trumps (with the famous light-weight Sammy Cracknell, whose red beard is now bigger than his body, up), Benji- roo, King Tom, Lapidist, Victorian, Lothair (Joe Kean in the saddle), Fearnought, Bismarck, and Fitzyat- tendon (belonging to the popular Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of New South Wales, and steered by the Syd- ney trainer Bill Duggan.) The bet- ting before the time-honored starter, on his well-known bob-tailed nag, in- dicated that the Don was still the hot favorite at 3 to 1, but tons of money had gone on Filgate's three-year-old Lapidist at 5 to 1, while the other three-year-old Horatio was backed down to 6 to 1 despite the fact that he was carrying 7st 10lb, 3lb more than weight for age. The straight- going Governor's horse, Fitzyattendon, another three-year-old, was only at a point less, while the two horses The Arrow and M'Callum Mohr, who car- ried the dangerous colors of John Tait, yellow and black, were quoted at 12 and 10 to 1, and from 30 to 50 to 1 could have been had about any- thing else in the race. The prince of starters, when he got the field in line, at the first attempt sent them away, and when the shout of the throng had proclaimed 'they are off,' Tait's colors, borne by The Arrow, were showing the way. Up the straight he came, the pace being a cracker, and it was difficult to say what was at the head of the closely packed field behind him. At the dis- tance, however, Protos and Calabar shot to the front, followed closely by Lapidist on the rails, and the Gover- nor's horse on the outside, both the three-year-olds at this time going well, and occupying splendid positions with the other dangerous pair, Dagworth and Horatio, both carrying De Mes- tre's colors (all black), close up, fol- lowed by the mighty striding Don Juan, with young Billy Wilson hang- ing on to him. Protos led along the banks of the old Salt Water River, where three or four of the field had already began to tail off, the pace having told its tale, especially upon Fitzyattendon, whose colors were seen to be dropping back. It was here that the Don began to make strides to join the leaders, and I shouted like the rest, forgetful of the distance yet to be traversed, 'look at Don Juan,' and thus early in the race we seemed to think he had almost won, as he took the second place to the flying leader Protos. Very much the same po- sition was maintained to the bridge over the Salt Water River, Benjiroo having closed on the leaders, wth De Mestre's pair running well, and close- ly followed by Hamlet, Fitzyattendon, and, Lancer. They were now coming on to the abattoirs, where the experi- enced jockey can gauge his chance. If they are pulling there you have a chance. I watched the leaders to know my fate, and it was with a feel- ing of relief that when approaching that point I saw the Don rapidly dis- pose of Protos and run to the front, those left in the race at this stage with the ghost of a chance being Dag- worth, Horatio, Lapidist, Fitzyatten- don, The Arrow, and Hamlet. Cala- bar and Protos, who had hitherto played a prominent part in the race, had retired to the beaten majority in the rear. Don Juan sailed on, but Fitzyattendon and Benjiroo cried a go opposite the training ground, while Lapidist followed their example at the turn into the straight, where Hamlet broke down. There was now nothing left in the race but the Don, Dag- worth, and Horatio. Into the straight the big horse turned with a lead of half a dozen lengths, and without ever being called upon, he won with the greatest of ease by five or six lengths from Dagworth, who had a great race with Horatio for second place, fol- lowed by The Arrow and King Tom. The time for the journey was 3min 36sec, but the winner could have bea- ten that record by two seconds. There is no need for me to say that there was joy in the St. Albans camp that night, and all the next week too, and our joy was intensified when on the third day of the meeting Don Juan showed that his victory had not been a fluke, because on that day he met Dagworth again in the Royal Park Stakes at weight for age, and dusted him by a neck. The win of the St. Albans horse was a heavy knock for the ring, but the gallant old horse was not destined to figure long on the turf, as when being prepared for the Champion Race, which at that time was run on New Year's Day, be flopped down again, and died of the complaint which had threatened his life and our prospects on the eve of the Melbourne Cup of 1873. There is just one more thing I have to say. The party by the name of John- stone cropped up at the finish of the Cup, and wanted to know what about his wager with Joe, and Joe, rather than part with the horse, gave John- stone £2000. But he could well af- ford to do that, and now a splendid house called Don Juan, in East Mel- bourne, commemorates the big victory of the King of the Ring on the turf. That's all. I'm drv: pass the bottle." ATLAS. Mrs. "Winks : " I'd just like to know why those Minkses have so much more money than we have ?" Mr. Winks : Mrs. Minks was born on Christmas Day, and married on Christmas Day, so that the three celebrations came at once. Think of the pile Mr. Minks has saved on presents to her," 