r Q'Brien/'s Ghost/ : Mra. O'Brien was proprietress of a lodg. Ing. house in the romantio suburb oi > ' Carlton. ; At the timic 1 opeak of she was a widow of sis months, The late Mr: O'Bfioa had been found oho morning following a, 'race meeting with his head jaffimfed - in a wates main. :' .... Now it got tliercj no evidence showed. So far, however, As Mrs; O'Brien, Was con cerned this did not mdttai . To all in tents arid purposes, Ivor Mink . yds ' '.Uw. man whose head was found in the water main. ' : it is trlie that his clcssjo visagerAf -true Tipperary type lirid aqffeted some damage, and wds hot readily recbghisAlilo. But the plothes were her Micks. His watch was missing, but there was his initials on the tail of his ; ehirt/aii'd what more was hoedbd. , . Then (herb was an exceptional corn on the little ioa of ills right fbot. to which the widoiv swore. .. ,"- "Siire--God bo with him," she sobbed tb the ooronor, " hnvehlt; I pared that same com eobtes pf _ times. Oh whirra, whifrri f jjy .poor dariiii'; 'ho.'ll never wunb that' compared- againi" . .t And ' so the : coroner, satisfied that the disagreeibla corpse in tho jibxt, room; was all that 'remained of .Micliael 0'Brioni , Esq., proceeded with the inqiiest. . , A verdlot was returned tb the effect that Miohael O'Brien had met with ,his deatli'froni aiiffooatibn in a water pipe, ' but there was no ovideuce to sljow how'hb got there. .' .: , .''.A. ; So the body was hurried, with a grand . ' wakCiAtid all thei honors, arid Honora the : ' widow, sat' dbivh in the parlor-.to receive \- th e 'Co jidolehde of her friends 'and acquain tances'. .' . ; .... \- i Theso wero; many, and of all ageay \- ; positionsand types Michael had boen in Boine.sorta publicman— a local councollor, a J.P., and a sucoossful dontj-aqtbr. Pqrsohs then of all kinds camo to offer \- their sympathy. Mra. O'Brien received ' theili, as she observed to a' friend, " Appropriate, my dear, accordin' to their ranks." ; Mr. Theophilus Murphy, a young Atis- , tanliari undergraduate studying at tlie uiii- Vermty, .. was among llor visitors.' Tlie O'Briens and tho Mnrpliys had always ''consorted," both in the " ould ' land," and herb in the ncry. "' Mr, Tlieophiius was a young man of 22, ' 'witliA round- face, round 'nose, and little round eyes. . He looked'jiko an "animated turiiip, with a dishcover represehtbd by his collegiate-hat. : ' \ Ho paid Mrs. O'Brien his visit of con dolence habited in his university gown, and fiat board. ' Ho knew that the ladyadmired this out- wardand visible sign of laming and janius, and he was not unwilling to make a favor able impression. , , Even thus' earlyi Mi'. Miirphy roflected that the late O'Brien wotild "but lip" for a considerable bum. - The widow was plump and comely— on the. fair side of thirty. ' ( Thoophilus liked the idea. V You'll be lorioly Abw, dear' Mra. \- O'Brien, " said he, as he sat in tlib dark ened drawing rooni. ' 4t Don't hamo it,Misther Murphy," she -.sobbed, "poor Mick was grand company, and very lively." ? This was.true, for -the late geniloman, ' being usually well ih liquor used to make, tilings " hum," in the house, if dinner was' not ready or to Ilia liking. . " Maybe you'll travel," suggested the undei'graduato; ' "Nothing like it they say tb cure q broken heart. . . I. can believe it. To visit the classic laitds of Europe and Asia ; to converse with the spirits of the great liei-pbs of ' ahbient. times— ah I yes, this might be apt to make one forget his sorrow." "Maybe, sir,!' said tlib.widbw, " ljnt I ,am a great stay-at-homo, ye see. v My ways is-domestio. 'No — I'll -open sboard-' 'ihg house." Theophilus staired.'"" ;:r I '"A boarding house, Mrs. O'BrieW?",, '."To. be siire, Mr. 'Murphy' ;' mt-.yeH understand tliat I need to do it for the . profit, glorybe -to God.- Poor Miok has left me everything— may he rest inqiaco. But for society, Mr. Murphy. If I can get five or six gon tlemen, like yorself, now, Mr. Miirphy, to live: in this big house, sure it would bo company— and com pany of a very pleasant kbirid'ye'll under- stand. ''» For a moment the undergraduate said nothing. He thought, however; very rapidly. Presently he spoke. "Not a bad' idba, ma'am— riot a bad idea. And I'll tell you what— if ybu still hold tb it, I'll make one. 'Bless me, it would bs very pleasant. Yrih know I sm musical, and you sing .beautifully Mrs.—' " "Whiat, whist, Mr. Murphy. Don't let us talk of them vanities yet. Poor Mick hasn't been in heaven over a. weeki" " " True, true. . But time passes rapidly Mrs. O'Brien. It seems like a month—' doeeh'tit?". ' ' '. " Ari.yo'll make ono of my lodgers, Mr. Murphy ?" smiled the widow. " Oh thin I'm obligod to. ye. An'. -I'll make yez comfortable, I believe. ' - . " Don't name it, dear madam," ob- \- served the undergraduate," don't name it. The priviloge of living under tho same roof with you,' dear lady, would' of itself; suffice lo impart a sense of comfort and contentment, to the most exacting of mortals." ' " ' ' Mrs. O'Brien wasspeeohleas. This ad dress tickled her vanity even urtto a species of montol paralysis. -When, thorefore, Mr. . Murphy 'raised hor hand to his lips, and bade her good day, she pould only smile, and blush, and -flutter. "Gracious!" she mtirmured to herself when alone, that young man has quite a' magnetic attraction, so he has; ' Well,' well, poor O'Brien I wondther. how ye feel now?." A-i ; ' If this rofloction, utterod aloud in the \- presbnee - of those who had beat known \- the lamented, in 'life, had1-' needed' oral answer, that answer would probably .have taken the ' terse but eloquent form, em bodied in tho sentence — "a drink." Whorever lie might be it was the firm opinion of tho departed Mr. O'Brien tliat whether in substance or spirit,' the dominating idea would be " a drink." Perhaps some such idea courred to his . widow, for though she sighed there was ho great misery echoed in her sigh. She arose from her soat and regarded''' her comely face in the mirror over the mantbl-she|f. " The weeds suits -me," she muttered.' "Oh, but shame it is I'll be thinking of' that same." ; ' j Then a few minutes afterwards1 eho muttered. , " V " Hob an ilegant young man, so he ii — with his learnin' and janius. 'Twill be pleasant tb have him in the house tc cavarso with and console." And so. after a decont neriod of mourn- 1 ing for her doparted Mick, and thb settle mcnt of his affairs (which last proved 1 I .very satisfactory indeed), Mrs. O'Brien ! issued a nest little circular among her | friends, informing them that she was prepared to accommodate five or six gentlemen of oharaoter and position at her. house, in Oariton. True to hie- promise, Mr. Thbojihilns Murphy was the first to take up liio abode at Erin House. - Tlien a landing-waiter in the Customs, a stout, red- fnoqd, loud-voicod gentle man who hnd boon in Hie army and was known as Major Buok, appoarcd ono day at tjie dinner table, and was introduced as ii pbrmahorioy. Theophilus hated him instinctively. The. major had a way of looking at him from beneath' his beetling broWa, which mado tho Btudbnt's spinal marrow creop. He thought that a cannibal savage might so regard a well- nourished musioharjf prospectively. Two bank olorks, and (nftor some de mur, as being somowhat below the social standard of the other lodgers) a yoiirig man from a large drapery «tablifhnioht; riiado up tho rest of tlio boarders. The last geittleman only slicccdod in securing admisbioii to the hospitalitios of Erin House by acospting a boa-room iii..o gafrot, and promising to qbsobvb an uriblir trtisive demeanor. , : Then, thero was the advantage, that he was iilvrays ready to supply information. withTespeot to' the fashions,- arid the latest things in bonnets. J, JTe WaBa quiet, blue-oybd yputhj with a aadAud melarioholy cast of cpuhieriatipe. Mrs. .O'Brien took to ;;himj.Anu; patro nised himi fcir whiqh he seemed very grate ful., " ' v: ' The widow had the late Mr. O'Brien'a aririt 'to reside with her. This was neces sary in duo couraO-of the proprieties. ' ' A riiebe also— a pretty couiitry girl with redbheek'saridsoftnrowneyes. was adopted by tlib lady, who, hoivovbr,' Kept her rb-- llgiously m the background. ./Timo pasBedoh, andthoperlodof mourn- irig .had elapsed. Mrs. 0 Brlou, oho fine siunmer's morning, appeared ab brp'akfast in a simple gown of colored print.' Tho major was in-ocstaoies./ t " Ah ! madam, that is sensible. I'm the last man in the. world: ogad, to say ;hay to deceric fprmiiUties, But by heaven, Mrs. O'Brienj it's sheer blnsplieihy to bide such loveliness as, yours. -beneath dull owiho." - Tho ;;widpw colored, and'aimporsd." ThA Undergratuate realised, for the first itime in his life, that there' wore some cir- 'burastaheos, undbr the action of which a man might commit murder justifiably i ' , The drapers' young riiah looked depro- catingly at his landlady. v" It is gratifying, Mrs.' O'Brien, to hoar Major- Bubk speak thus, His yie'we are those of a gentleman who lias the right and authority to offer them. ' The major: crunched bis toast. .By J'ovo you are right-, sir, -right, - "What Jack Buck hasn't seein -you-might put in your eye -without anji danger td it," arid the major scowled at the undergradu ate. ' - That. gentleman felt miserable. He had felt for somo time -that he was losing ground with , the widow. He determined to ' settle mutters at once. And so, orio day, returnjng from a re fined game of tennis and carrying his bat in his hand, hb entered his lodgings. It was early in .the afternoon, and he knew ho should find the widow alone. Ho was mistaken. Opening tho door of the sitting- room' he behold a picture which made hiiri gasp. .. The widow was reolining in the major'B arms. - He was soothing her ; speaking to her in a tender, though rather arbitrary mari ner. As the door creaked lie looked up. " Ha 1 " roared the riiajor, and the next moment thb undergraduate' Was .dragged across the room' by' the collar of lm coat. 44 You sneak, "cried the major. 41 Listen ing at tho keyhole." "I wasn't — indeed I wasn't," whim- pored Mr. Murphy. . Oh, Mr. Murphy," said the widow, " I should not have thought it." But I wasn't. I was coming to speak to you, Mrs.'0!Briori..I,wasT7" \ " Say it," growled the majari 44 and I'll skin yoii alive. This lsdy has promised to be-rHulloal " The dpor opened and 'another gentleman appeared. The widow saw him,- uttered a wild shriek and fell to the floor insen sible. . - " " By the Lord ! " gasped : tho under graduate, " its, his.ghost." i 44 Hulloa! you, sir, "roared Major Buok. " What do you want," 41 Bedod, observed the new - arrival, with a broad Milesian brogue, 44 1 hardly know. Who the dcuoe are j'ou, my frieud," and' the stranger advanced into the room. ' ' He was a tall, musoular, dark, and riot ill-looking fellow, -in whose face,' an expres sion of arch drollery predominated, 14 Who the dnace are you, sir," repeated the stranger. The major- became suddenly quite wild. - - 44Me-— me Sir. My name is Buok, sir, Major Buok at your service." - " Well, then, Major Buck,-, at my ser vice, clear 'out. ' . This is my house ; that lady kicking the floor is.my wife ; and you, Maether Murphy— sure don't you know me." Tho undergraduate shrank into a corner pale.and paralysed. "It's a ghost,"- he muttered. "Tho: saints be good/to us." 44Gliost bo hanged," growled the other. 41 I'm Mick O'Brien, ray friend. Roubo up 1 ' You sir," to the major, "had botto . show us your baok, or,' maybe, I'll be after helmne you." . At this the major,- strangely changed from his usual martial bpariug, -sneaked away. .- . l'he stranger raised Mrs. O'Brien from tho floor. "Rouse up, Biddy," said he, "Suro I'm Miok, come back to ye." " Oli, oh," moaned the lady, 44 maybe 'twar. for ohanging my. mourning, Mick. But. I kffp' it welve months, honoy. " (t Oh, bother, "growled the roan. <4Don't be foolish. I'm net dead, arid never have been." ; "Not dead— ofy dear 1" moaned, the widow, " and the major just proposed to me." ' . '-'Then he'll .have to. .waits,"- said Mr. O'Brien. "Come ow, cheer- up, I'll tell you all about it. Shake hands Mastucr Murphy,'' and ' the grip with whioh ho .grasped that' yoiirig gentleman's fingers at once.dispellSd his, doubts as to tho materiality , of tho new arrival. ... ; .o .appeared that Mr.- O'Brien, after winning a large sum at the races, had met with an old friend, qsea captain, who„ in vited him abonrd his ship. The ship sailed early the following .morning, and while Mr. O'Bfion and seine other roaring fellows were still making merry. When they recovered themselves it was to' find themselves at sea. There was no getting baok and they had to mako tho best of tho disaster, ana go on to London. The voyage was lengthy but very en-, joyablo, and whon Mr. O'Brien found himself in London with a: couple of thou sand pounds in his pocket ho proceeded to enjoy himself. ' This lm did with such rcljsh tlmt he en tirely omitted to oommunioate with Iris wife. . . Lottor writing,- indeed; -Was not 'in his 'lino at any time. ' i , Moreover lie proceeded; to Ireland to boo bis friends and at once joined jhearfc and soul in.tho political troubles there. " , Arrested for riotous uoriduct at a pro? scribed meeting, lio was so'nt to prison fori throo months. ' All theso .oiroumstarioto: acooUnted:f0rv .his not communicating wHh' his wife: iri: Australia. .. : " - '' Aii' so it was by my: ould - corn ,ye knew :jine, Blddy|".-.said;-ho;:.As v Mrsi. O'Brlon, sqt ori bis:, krioe. with her, arm around liis rieok, arid told'Tisr story." : . v, 4,I wbiifUhfr if. ould Buqk has n corn said hoj-with'twirikling oyps,- ; Arrqh; 7:; vyH inti t; ri ; ; JVIibjcri ; ieriiil .'"Ho widow:' -' " Bad aprari tdoi'ild'Buak:";' - x "'Bilt ybu'd iiaA:h'qd.hiin, Bicldy, if I hwl beqri dead." . , . ; -'I'l.'.wAs; mighty!' loriel jr,-; Mick, " mur mured Mrs: O'Brien.' " arid tlie major's a foirio'mqn.anywny;"'./'!-!. 4 i Arriili, not lie. ;. He'sja cur, Biddy, Iho Ufctle studont is ivorth a ; dozen of ; him.",-:-; '; A!;:, - -. ; "'PoOr crnyture;!'. said'! Mrs. O'Brien," "they was 'all after riie. '.! t couldnlfc help it, Hick."; ' S'orra a'bit, Biddy. ;r, Give; mo a kiss, and l'll.be abetter'husharid'to, ye than I 'was. I misspd'you bad." ..'.'AM , ho kept- his word; And although sptriotiiries the thoughts of Mrs. O'Brlon turn sontimentnlly to ihoAhought of the incident of thb major's proposal, she- has nevor really regretted that lier Mick re-- turned .at that moriiont to' dispel the' iliiu- sion.- r 