Out Tuesday's Tale. WYTHRED'S WHARF, (Concluded from, our last issue.) ~ Chapter III. The visit to Greenwich of Percy • Overbeck had effected a noticeable change in the wharf-owner's state of ; mind. The haunted look left him, his : expression was altogether less care worn, and it would almost seem as if those strange forebodings which had j lately perturbed his brain troubled him j no longer. His interest in all the | business of the wharf returned and ! Ducket found him one evening working j in grim earnest at his desk. j 4 Well, Ducket,' said Mr. Lintock, as j the foreman came in, lantern in band, ! to light his lamp, 4 who is on duty to- ; night V i 4 I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock.' j 4 Not alone ? \ 4 Why, yes. The fact is, sir, I'd a , special object in relieving the night j watchman.' ! The wharf-owner's glance expressed ■ his surprise. ] 4 What object could you possibly j have V ] j Ducket, still occupied with the lamp, answered without lifting his eyes : j 4 I am expecting Mr. Overbeck.' i * And at what hour ?' Ducket handed the wharf-owner a j slip of paper. A single line, which he recognised as Percy Overbeck's writing, ! ran as follows :— 4 Ten P.M. Wait at wharf. P.O.' Mr. Lintock's face while reading this underwent a change; but recovering himself quickly he inquired : 4 Do you know why Mr. Overbeck is coming to-night f The lamp was now lighted, and Ducket, whileplacingit upon the wharf owner's desk and adjusting the shade, replied: ' It's about Clogstoun. So I natur ally suppose : for there ain't anything else I can think of that would bring him here at that time o' night. The note, just as you see it, was given to me this afternoon.' 4 Who brought it ?' 4 One of Mr. Overbeck's clerks.' The wharf-owner looked thoughtful. 41 have plenty to keep me busy tilL ten o'clock,' said he, throwing a glance over the papers before him. 4 Mr. Overbeck is coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wait and see him.' Then taking up his pen he added, 4 You'll be within call if I want you, Ducket?' 4 You've only to touch the bell, sir • I shall be sure to hear.' It was the first time for many weeks that Mr. Lintock had worked alone in the counting-house after dark ; and it was not surprising that the dead j silence and solitude, when he occasion- i ally stopped and looked up from his j desk, should remind him of the threat- j ening face of Clogstoun. He had dis- j missed the clerks, for he had no need j of assistance ; every -detail referring to J the wharf was entered in the books upon the shelves around him. Still the silence seemed each moment more oppressive. It was past nine. What could Ducket be doing so noiselessly down stairs, he wondered ? It was so strange he had neither heard the sound of his voice or footsteps. Then he thought, 4 If Ducket would only sing or move about the building the sense of loneliness and dread which is creep ing over me would be removed.' He tried manfully to dismiss this feeling and to find absorption in the work before him ; but there now rose in his mind, more vividly than ever, this haunting face. He imagined the figure of Clogstoun, as Ducket had de scribed it, leaning over the parapet of the bridge. Was the man there to night, he wondered ? He could not resist the temptation to stretcb out his hand and draw the curtain back from the window and look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on the bridge ; but they were too dim to have enabled Mr. Lintock to distinguish one figure from another. Yet he fancied that, dark as it was, he could discern a shadowy form standing near the centre of the bridge, and that the form re sembled that of the man with whose face he was so painfully haunted. He dropped the curtain with an angry gesture. 4 What if Clogstoun is there ?' he ex claimed aloud. But the wharf-owner's hand trembled now; he could not write. The black horrors which he had resolutely over come began again to crowd on his brain like imps of darkness ; the more he tried to chase them from him, the more they swarmed. His imagination awak ened into terror at last. A firm con viction took hold of him ; it was like a nightmare which no strength of will could drive from his brain ; Glogstoun. was stating at him through the glass partition in the clerk's office like a cat watching its prey ! Mr. Lintock sprang to his feet. At this moment the gate bell in the court yard of the warehouse began to ring. Chapter IV. After lighting Mr. Lintock's lamp, Ducket had descended to the basement on a level with the wharf. It was a huge storeroom ; its area represented the dimensions of the entire warehouse, and although there were piles of mer chandise on all sides of the iron pillars which supported the floor above, its great size was still apparent, for there were avenues in every direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the trucks to run to and fro. Near the river entrance to this store room stood a wooden shed ; it had a door facing the main avenue, and a small window on each side. On the door was written 4 superintendent's office.' Ducket raised the latch and stepped in. There was a desk under one of the windows, and under the other stood a stove with a funnel disappear ing through a hole in the wood-work. The foreman drew up a chair in front of his stove, and having looked at the ] fire and fed it with charcoal, he began J to appease his appetite out of a pail and j a blackened tin can with a cork in it.! He ate his supper with apparent relish, I but the mixture in the candid not seem ! to his taste, for he rejected it with a i grimace after the first draught. j 'Id rather drink a pint of senna,' he declared, driving the cork home em-1 phatically with the palm of bis hand, ' than another drop of that stuff.' He lit his pipe with an air of re signation, leaned back in his chair and ! stared perplexedly at the tin can. j Had anyone been playing him a trick 11 He was beginning to get so sleepy that the walls of the shed appeared to ex- ■ pand, and his head to grow propor- ■ tionately larger. It was a maddening sensation. He tried to throw off his drowsiness, for he was the sole watch man in the building. If any catas trophe occurred the blame would fall on his shoulders. Ducket took his lantern^ and went out. He began to pace up and down I the centre avenue between pyramids of bales. No matter whether he! turned to the right or left he was always becoming more and more im pressed with the fact that uncertainty lay beyond. This soon ended by the : lantern falling from his hand and go-1 , ing out; then he sank on the ground with his head resting on a hard bale. Was he dreaming 1 It seemed to i Ducket as in a dream that someone; glided past him like a ghost, and that a light flashed before his eyes j then J an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until he awoke with a start, I strongly convinced that he had been j roused by the clang of the warehouse bell. Could it be , Overbeck at the ] gate already ? It was surely not 10 j o'clock ! The foreman struggled to i his feet and groped his way toward the superintendent's office. As he went along with outstretched hands lie experienced a dull singing in his] ears. Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his i bewildered brain 1 Ducket found the stove fire still burning, though low. He took a lan tern from the wall and lighting it I glanced anxiously at the clock. ' Half-past ten J' he exclaimed ' why—' It was the warehouse bell. It was no dream now; it sounded like an alarm, it was so incessant. Still half dazed with the oppressing effect of his unnatural sleep, Ducket hurried across the yard, and, unlocking the door lead ing into Thames-street, found himself face to face with Percy Overbeck. With an air of surpressed impa tience he said : ' Why are you so dilatory in open ing the door V ' I only heard the bell a minute ago, sir.' ' How's that ? I have beeu ringing at short intervals for nearly half-an hour. Is there anything wrong ?' Ducket looking puzzled at Over beck's excited face, answered : ' I very much suspect that—' ' What V ' That I've been drugged. That's why I could not come. I fell asleep ; I the noise of the bell awoke me.' ' i 'The excited expression on Over-! beck's face increased. ' Are you here alone V ' I'm the only one on duty • but I'm not alone in the warehouse,' said the foreman ; ' Mr. Lintock is here.' Overbeck hurriedly demanded ' Where ?' • In his office up-stairs. I left him there busy writing at his desk.' ' When ? ' Some hours ago—before I became drowsy.' 'Hours ago? Show the way quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room.' Ducket, still more perplexed at O vet beck's manner, hastened up-stairs without a word. He was seized with ! a dreadful sense of apprehension ; and on opening Mr. Lintock's door, he uttered a suppressed cry. The wharf owner's room was empty; but the lamp upon his desk was burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An ink stand had been upset upon the table, and the ink was trickling down into a pool upon the floor. Overbeck stepped forward, took a quick glance round him. Then he looked keenly at Ducket. ' Clogstoun has been here. He and Mr. Lintock have met.' The foreman's face expressed ; look of horror, 'Now, Ducket,' said Percy Over beck, placing his hand upon the fore man's shoulder, 'nerve yourself. Lei us search the warehouse.' The warehouse was explored from roof to basement. The foreman who had known every turning among the dark lanes of merchandise since boy hood, took the lead, flashing his lan tern into every nook and corner. On each floor they cal'ed on Mr. Lintock loudly by name; but only an echo of their voices reached them. They stood once more within the wharf owner's room. ' Ducket,' said Overbeck, * cast your eyes carefully around. Is anything missing f 151 The light from the foreman's lan tern moved over the floor and theni slowly round the walls. Suddenly it stopped behind Mr. Lintock's chair. ' Do you see that peg, sir ?' ' Yes.' 'That key should be there. It's gone.' ' What key.' ' The key, sir, to that private door and Ducket pointed to a door opposite the window. 'But,' said Overbeck, 'that leads out upon the wharf. And,' he added, turning the handle,' it's locked. What can it mean f 'It means,' said the foreman with sudden inspiration, * that, dead or alive, master has gone out by that door.' Without loss of time, by means of the superintendent's key, they made their way out upon the landing-stage. They looked eagerly across the dark river. The tide was lapping monoton ously against the sides of the wharf; chains were rattling, boats and barges moored alongside cracked and strained at their ropes. Presently Ducket, who went dashing about with his lantern, cried out: 4 There's a boat gone!' * Ah ! Is the tide ebbing!' 4 Ay, sir, ebbing fast.' Overbeck reflected a moment; then he said : ' Give me the lantern.' Ducket obeyed. 4 Now,' added Oberbeck, 4 unfasten a boat, and let us row down the stream. We are on the track, I hope, at last.' The foreman quickly set to work. There was a boat suited to their pur pose lying outside a barge; it was soon loosened and ready to start. 4 I'll take the sculls,' said Overbeck, as he stepped into his place. 4 You shall steer. You know this part of the river better than I do. Are you ready ¥ 4 Bight with the tide, Mr. Over beck ¥ 4 Yes, by all means ; with the tide.' And so, with Ducket grasping the rudder and Overbeck the sculls, the boat moved out into the mid-stream. On they went with the ebbing tide, under the black shadows of huge ships and towering warehouses until Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of gliding light in the darkness. Bertha Lintock, although made aware in a message from her father that he should not return until late, began to grow anxious towards mid night. She paced up and down her room, and constantly listened for the sound of wheels in the carriage-drive; the unpleasant affair, of which Percy Overbeck had spoken to her reassur ingly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Percy, she could not con quer her strong presentiment of danger; for, when a child, Wythred's wharf had made a deep impression upon Bertha. While walking at her father's side through the great sombre store-rooms, they had reached some passage—walled with bales of merchan dise—so dark and narrow that she shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had never entered it since. Presently, Bertha heard a hurried step outside the house. She ran to the window and threw it open. Over beck stood below. 4 Percy, has any thing happened ¥ she asked. 4 Where is my father ¥ 4 He is here, Bertha—at the gate. You have no need to be alarmed.5 Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeck met her at the door, and they went into the dining-room to gether. 4 Your father has been again seized with that odd fancy,' Percy hastens to tell her. 4 He believes that while seated in bis office this evening, Clog stoun threatened him. Panic-stricken, he escaped from this phantom, or re ality, down his private staircase lead ing to the wharf. Here, groping his way to the barges, he dropped into a boat, and, setting it adrift, went out with the tide. Ducket and I—to cut a long story short—overtook the boat, and—■' At this moment Mr. Lintock slowly entered the room, leaning on Ducket's arm. His clothes were wet and be spatted with mud. Seeing his daugh ter, he stepped toward her, but losing strength, sank into a chair. Bertha ran to his side and bent over him. ' Are job hurt, father V ' No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy and ©or old friend Ducket,' said he, looking, up gratefully into their faces, ' have saved my life.' The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a- few day's rest, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, restored hiai to health. Clogstoua's face never haunted Mr. Lintock again; for one day after this occurrence,, the man was found at the warehouse among some bags of sea damaged hemp-seed, breathing his last; and as a small phial was discovered at his side containing traces of a nar cotic, it was conjectured that he had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched existence to an end. For some time Mr. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the ofiice and from the face. It appeared, how ever, that at the moment when Clog stoun forced his way into the room, the wharf-owner retreated through the private door. The door he locked be hind him, in order to cut off pursuit; and thus separated from the Thames street exit by Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintock made his escape by water. In after days, when Bertha had be come Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstoun, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that he had found a means of getting into the warehouse. Eor this reason he had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strange turn as they had done. 