A Woman ou Women. Mas. E. LYNN LINTON PENS A SCORCHER ON THE SEX. In a late number of one of the English reviews there is a slashing article by Mrs. E. Lynn Linton on certain tendencies of the end - of - the - century woman. Mrs. Linton does not spare her sisters—she never has done so since she wrote the famous " Girl of the Period" papers years ago—but whatever she writes is always worth reading. Many reasons (she says) makes the admission of women into the region of active politics a national danger and a national disgrace. As things are, by the mere fict of sex and its functions, women have already an overwhelming influence over meD. As mothers they build up the body, and give the first impress to the mind of the child. Whit they are in health and morality, reacts on the health and morality of their offspring ; and the rule of the nursery by its food, its teaching, its governance, lays the foundations of a man's wholesome physique or unserviceable nerves. As the first love of the adolescent they set the pattern of the womanly ideal. As the first mistress they make or mar a man's life, and ishape his very soul for good or evil. As the wife they are for the most part the supreme authority in the home where the husband is only the paying lodger—tyrants or benevolent despots as their character determines, but always despots ou whom mainly depends the happiness or the unhappiness of the marriage, the comfort or distress of the household. As the queens of society they fashion the manners and decide the standard of morality of that society, and from the cut of a sleeve to the subjects permitted to be discussed at the fiveo'clock tea—from the amount of countenance given to vice to the conventional shibboleth and the conventional gesture—they and they alone are responsible. Everywhere their power is felt; everywhere their sex is predominant. What they disallow can not exist; and the most influential statesman, the bravest soldier, is a mere cipher where " tone" is concerned. To add to this tremendous influence already existing, the direct power of a preponderating vote will be to shift the balance entirely to the feminine side—which will surely be a disadvantage to the race at large. There is a certain class of women whom the originators of the Woman's Rights movement will not suffer to be registered nor segregated. Many of the more prosperous of these live in lodgings of a quiet and quasi-respectable character, and if they are sober relatively well-conducted, and careful of appearances, their holding is not disturbed, though their calling is known. These women will be eligible for the franchise, and this will be the first and only instance known to modern Christianity, or, so far as I know, to any form of civilised heathendom, where the politics and government of a country will be directly influenced by its public prostitutes. Lsss revolting than this, but in its own way as humiliating, will be the voting power of that large class of futile spinsters and widows, rife in country towns — women who have not one 9ingle idea in their heads—women whose views of the universe is bounded by their own local gossip—who believe in ghosts and the sea-serpent, and swallow all they hear without tbe smallest pinch of salted scepticism. These women, and the still lower stratum of village shop-keepers and char-women, will have votes. We have oa the register already a crowd of unfit electors. Why add another and yet larger crowd still more unfit 1 How much nearer shall we be to the per- r^s been ^special pro- In things were >w are brought 15 lives of women ijria with duties ISimelees enough to Sbwever, with every- ^St rt the home, the time Jpied within the four walls is vsid&nt; jnd disused, and Satan |jvii>4ic&tfea; old claim to be conidep ihf most indefatigable task- laslr/wtf have. With this loss of lomJfetic duties and the cessation of }otne\tic activities, the home naturally monotonous, and the Btay in it if they can in any Bapa^hile the married women ytheir dwindled duties to the and stream out to the club and >ps, their friends and the office, tie excitement home can not afford Anything for a change ! If rity breeds contempt, sameness ^satiety, and a change from even bad is preferable to an uu broken r^S? n d of good. This dislike of monotony % s^nd consequent feverish fcire for novK'lty lie at the root of 1)18 nVw woman's movement. desired is in ling rejected ; A woman will s shop and find re in miOSipulating evilg'drags for leBs wages than a jifc home costs her ; but she will Rooking and bread-baking, and •ing of that extra servant by her labDr. In manufacturing towns ied women who are " hands" on a cirp-taker to look after in their absence than factory. But the icrtigbt after and the So, women will of an African run the dangers of and buflalo-hunting who le risks of child-bearing, apportionment of dangers Tby nature herself as the last aion of injustice. this apportionment of work, ities, dangers, the women who cry DUt the loudest againBt things as they Ire, cry out in two languages. On the fne side they fall foul of the work that the lot of the sex, the housedie child-bearing and subseof the children, without 6co*ild not go on at all, nor together. On the other, to share in all the occupursuits of men, and boW wbteb woold them se men from their One gets up and [l votw ' I)i ^^^ thie absurd WSTs gift of supre- 'j* which among its own Oythe simplest right of edxfco. — whea it can ? i npt say that the housein keeping a strict band Jr!her maids ; but we must remeinpr that in the person of her servants she has potential electors whose m>tes would go toward determining \he destinies of the nation. A.nd these ^omen she does not think capable of taring care of themselves after ten o'clock at night. Side by side with this l?iew, runs that oher, so fashionable wit^h some, which makes woman not her own man's, and holds her |ble for her own fall the virtue of ajjair so much to be not res so much at; influence^ possession' to give in ,lSt min. She may 'but^-^at one precious /bich all agety have agreed o her own keeping, with punishment U: her primarily and chiefly when she loses it, is now fended over to men, and they are in faulfr v while she is exonerated. And no one has the coui^e^iB ^Siy that more men, ten times over, are ruined by women than there are women ruined by men. The flabby philanthropists who vapor about the "poor dear harlotB" of the streets, and call them soiled doves and the like, never think of the young boys who are ruined for life by some specious, smiling vampire — £he weak and passionate men who fBMjurn to the grave dishonoured, dtfpHp|by some splendid harpy, wbo*foriheir mad love , gave cruel calculation—for their sincerity, blind, fatuous, suicidal as it might have been, gave falsehood as deep as hell, and treachery as infamous as that f *udas's kiss in the garden. All the sympathy of pitiful hearts goes out to the lost woman—none is kept for the ruined man. To be Continued. 