[?] [?] [?] [?] [?] ' IN the WeeklyTimes ! MIMB">— —- — " f»« or oT 2 By HEDLEY RICHARDS ? Author of "A Welsh Princess/' "The Den Tragedy," " The Omerod Mystery," Etc. CHAPTER XI.— (Com ini e ) For once I felt completely taken aback. Lady Arden's speech had been a master stroke. It accounted for her hnabandTa re marks to the bnt'er and Colonel Germaine, and it covered the possession of any notes of the proscribed numbers. She could easily giir tiio had aiveo them to her son. 44 i>o, after all, the fhief only exists in your imagination," she added ; and I saw she was watching me. " Possibly, my lady. Of course, the nutter had not been presented to me in that light. But about Mrs Arden's family. Could your ladyship tell me what part of England she c.inie from 7" I thought she appeared relieved that I had accepted her explanation of the robbery ; but she only said : ' I real'y cannot help you there ; but there may be some allusions to that poor woman in the squire's papers. 1 suggest that you and Mr Watts, ctie solicitor, go through them on Monday, after the funeral." 1 jumped eagerlv at this offer. "Think you, my lady; it may prove a pre it assistance." "Then it shall be so. Good evening, Mr Maviu." " Good evening, my lady and I left the room, proceeding to the housekeeper® parlor, where the supper was waiting. Luring the meal I was so unusually silent that caught Mies Wright watching me several times. At last she said : " You are sbi- rbed to night, Mr Mavln. 1 "Yes, madam; I am studying the oase I have in hand." 44 Have you got a clue?" she asked; and it was the tirst question she had ever put relative to the murder. " I have got seveial conflicting ones," I re plied. "Then they won t lead to anything," she said, decidedly. " Perhaps not." Then, to change the conversation, I began asking her about the funeral, and as soon as supper was over I retired. The next morning the rain poured down, so I decided to remain indoors ; otherwise, as it was Sunday, I might have walked into Ik x ham to church. I did not feel disposed to get wet through, however ; still, the morn ing hung heavily on my hands, until an idea struck me. I would aslr Mount if there was a portrait of the Mrs Ardon who had been divorced. It might be useful to me if I tried to trace her relatives. So going to Mount, who was busy in his pantry, I inquired if be knew whether there was a portrait of Mrs At den. " Fee, sir ; there's one true to life. It was taken within three months of her maniage , but when she left here the squire ordered itto he taken to an empty attic, and there it sbeen ever since. But as the squire kept the key of the room, I don't know as I can show it to you." "Oh, you can get the key from Lady Ardea. She iB sure to have it," I earn. 41 Well, I'll inquire," be said, as he left the pantry, and In a few minutes returned. 41 Her ladyship had taken it witn xae of the squire's keys, and she says as how yo can do what you like with the picture. 4 1 Then lead the way to the attic, if you plCAfiG " 44 Ail right, sir ;" and Moont led tbeway up the baok staircase which -ady Ard maid had described. . . , . « Then, on reaching the corridor which 1 to the attic chambers, he said : 14 1 don't think anyone's ever had the key of this room since the squire had "the plot ore put there. Aye, I well remember the day. 44 How long ago is that ?' 1 Nearly twenty -nine years." . _ 44 Then the place will be no better than a dust-bin," I said, looking ruefully at my black -oloth suit, and thinking of the amount of brushing it would require. , 44 You're out qf it there, sir. Onoe a yoaf» air, the squire fetched me up here, and 1 to sweep toe floor, and put all to order, acd I've washed the floor more than a dozen times, for he told me as he , wasn't going to have auv one else np here." "And is that picture the only thing in the room ?" I asked. " You just wait, sir. It strikes me as you'll open your eyes when that door's un locked," he said, pausing in front of . one at the far end of the corridor. Placing the key in the look, I saw it turned quite easily, and we entered a fair -sized, square room, lighted by one large window iu the roof, on which the rain pattered dis mally. Looking round, I saw that the walls were fitted with hooks, from which dresses, jack ets and mantles were suspended, while several large boxes occupied the floor. Hanging cn one side of the room was a picture, with its face to the wall. "You see them things, sir," said Monnt, pointing to the dresses, etc. 4 They're what the poor lady left behind her. In my own mind I always call this the relic room. Onoe I happened to ciU it that to the squire, and instead of getting in a rage, as I expected, he says, 4 Br Jove! you are right, Mount. Only it's more than that — it's the ghost chamber ; it holds the ghost of my past — the happiest bit of my life.' ' Then he changed suddenly, and he swore awful about the woman as had ruined his life. Yet, much as he called her, he never thought the same of another woman. In one of them boxes, sir, her jewellery iB locked up. It's worth a small fortune, but he never let either of bis other wives so much as see it. I ex pect Lady Arden will wear them now, and very likely Mies Duval will get some. You see, there's no dust on those clothes. The ggqifft made me brush and shake them when I came up before I swept the floor." f| p must, have thought a great deal of her, in spite of the disgrace she brought on him," I remarked. i should just say he did, sir. He wor shipped her, though he was awful jealous of her. Then when she was false he went on like a madman. But he's never been able to forget her ; sometimes I thought he loved her madly still, and sometimes I've thought he hated her. I'll tell yoa, sir, the squire was just made up of contradictions. It was good and evil always fighting in him from the lime he was a lad, and I'm afraid Satan got the best of it." , "May I look at the picture? I asked, feeling somehow that the old servant had a right to these relics of the past. i Yes, sir, and you'll see a beautiful woman," he Baid. Going towards the picture, I was about to reach it, when the cord suddenly snapped, and it felt with a hang on to the floor. 44 Lord bless me, that's a sign of death . If it had happened last week, we should have known who it was. but there must ; be another. I never knew the sign to fail, said the old man, gazing with perturbation at the picture, which lay face upwards on the Nonsense, man! The cord is rotten and has snaoced " I said, as I drew nearer, and _ I ?JL win r Hn.it. leaned it against the wall in such a position that the lightfellonit. It was the picture of a superbly handsome womaT to the first flush of her youth j heantv a proud, passionate face, with hautrhtyoarrea here id there ; . luxuriant stvle of beauty, rich to coloring, with glorious dai erea and blue-black hair ; a woman who Whdejewela glieiened ! on the otqoiaUely "SgtSkr P I'" -f ke/ .. S, like her that 1 could fancy rtg. her Pleased with it that he gave him a me. I'm something of an artist, and I'm going to 6ketoh that faoe." J4 Weil, sir, as you like, t'aough I don't see what good it will do you." 44 It may be useful," I replied, as I lifted the picture m my arms, dusting it carefully with my pocket-handkerchief. 44 You won't find much dust, sir. I never saw it dusty. I know the squire kept it free from anything of that sort." Leaving Mount to lock the door, I pro ceeded with the picture to the housekeeper's room, where I placed it on the table, first placing a footstool, against which I fixed the picture in a fairly upright position. Then taking a sketch-book— I always carried one, as I found it very useful— I sharpened my pencil and began sketching. Presently I heard the door open, and, turning slightly round, I saw the housekeeper enter. The next moment the words, 44 Oh my God !" spoken to a tone of bitter agony,' fell on my ear. CHAPTER XII. — After the Wind and the Rain. Turning round, I saw Miss Wright was pale as death, while her eyes, whioh were fixed on the picture, seemed to be starting from her head, and her features worked con vulsively. Her hands were tightly clenched, too, and I perceived that she was the victim of almost uncontrollable emotion. 44 What is the matter ?" I asked, as I rose from my chair and offered it to ber. With a groan she sank into it, still clench ing her hands. 44 Are yGu ill ?" I asked. I or a moment she did not answer, then, by a violent effort, she regained her self-control, as she said : 4 4 Yes, ill ; but it is passing off." Then, rising, she almost dragged herself to a cupboard at one side of the rocm, and, pouring some brandy into a glass, she drank it neat. After a moment the color began to come into ber face, and she said : 44 1 feel better now. I have been subject to these attacks lately ; they are connected with my he Art." 44 Indeed," I said. 44 1 imagined this pic ture had given you a start." 44 That picture !" and she smiled such a srhastly smile. 4 ' How could ic startle me ? Whose is it?" 44 It is the portrait of Squire Arden's divorced wife. A beautiful woman, is ehe not?" I said, turning the picture towards her. i For an instant there was a strange look in her faoe, as if of pain ; then ehe fixed her eyes on it, as she said, 44 A beautiful face, indeed." 44 1 dGn't think I ever saw such a beautiful face; but a proud, passionate one. You could fancy a woman with such a face coming to grief." 44 Or goaded to wrong-doing," she replied. 44 You seem to think she was badly used ?" 44 1 have heard that she was." 44 You never saw her, I suppose ?" 44 How could I? When Mrs Arden was mistress here, Mrs Nightingale was house keeper." 44 And you have never seen this picture ?" I Baid, still wondering at her agitation. 44 1 did cot know there was such a picture to the house. Where did you find it ?" 44 In an attic at the top of the house." 44 Oh, I remember, there is a room of which the squire alwaj'B kept the key." 44 Yes, it is full of relics of his past. There are the dresses and jewellery which that un happy lady wore," I said. She started. 44 You don't mean to say that Squire Arden cherished those things so long after ehe had passed out of his life?" 44 The question is — did she ever pass out of his life ? After what I have seen this morn ing, I should say she did not — that her memory was more co him than either of the wives he has since had." 44 1 should not have imagined it," she said, to a thoughtful tone. 41 Still, it does seem as though he had loved the poor woman upon whom report says he was so hard." 44 1 am certain that he has loved her to the last," I said, as I went on sketching. Presently she cams and stood behind me, watching as the faje grew into likeress. 44 You sketch well,' she said, aftci a minute. 44 1 was always fond of it. At one time, m fact, I had visions of being an artist ; but a friend of my father, a Boyal Academician, told him that I had not sufficient gemus toi carry me to the front." . « Re may have been mistaken ; you might have aohieved greatness. I think the saddest sentence we can eay is, It might have been ; yet how few can leave it unsaid, replied Miss Wright, and her usually calm tone betrayed emotion. T v 4 Well, I have no reason to grumble. I have been fairly successful to the profession which I have chosen," 1 replied. . 44 Bah ! such a profession ! To catch the poor mortal for whom the temptations of the world have been too strong," 8he said, m a toae of contempt. Then, ere I could rep y, she exclaimed : 44 See, you have not got the mouth quite right and before I was aware of her intention she had taken the pencil out of my haiidt and with a few clever strokes had totally altered the character of that important feature. 44 You, at any rate, know how to sketch," I said. 44 1 did. In my younger days I had good teaching, but it has been of little use to me," ehe said, coldly. By the time our dinner appeared I had finished the sketch, and as we seated ourselves at the table, she inquired what I meant to do with it. 4 4 Keep it. I intend to discover what really became of that unhappy lady." I thought it was ascertained that she died ?" she iaid, as though surprised at my words. 44 It was supposed to be ; but I have found it wise always to be sure of my ground, and not to act on anyone else's supposition." 44 1 should think it is a good plan," ehe re plied. After dinner the rain still continued, so my companion inquired if I should like to see the family portraits. 44 Are there many?" I asked. 44 Not enough to weary you — the squire's is a new family — but there is one of the late Lady Arden, and one of her present ladyship. There is also one of the squire in his young days. I should say it has been the companion portrait to that," she said, pointing to the one I had brought down stairs, and which now hung over the mantelpiece. 44 1 thins I will look at them, if it will not annoy Lady Arden.' She smiled. 44 1 don't think her ladyship will have the least objection. You will find them hanging to the gallery which surrounds the spiral staircase." Thns authorised I fonud my way to the gallery, and soon saw a portrait which I felt sure represented the squire to bis younger days. In it hJs face wore a bright though haughty look, and I saw that in build his elder eon resembled him, while Mr Reginald was not the least like bim. This pic'ure was hung to a small space by itself ; but further on there was another of him while still ycung, but the expression of his face had quite changed — a gloomy, forbidding look being its chief characteristic. - Close to it hung the portrait of a sweet, gentle-looking girl, whose clear grey eyes and wavy brown hair told me that she was the mother of Mr Geffory Arden, and the ill-fated mistress of Arden House. At some distance from thef e was a portrait of the squire, so like him as he lay in death that 1 knew it had been recently taken, and beside this was an exaot representation of her present ladyship. After spending a little time examining these and other portraits which adorned the walls, I went down stairs, and spent the remainder of the afternoon in reading. The next morning was fine but windy, and as I 'had made up my mind to attend the squire's funeral, whioh was to leave the house at eleven, I decided to have a stroll and think over the care, and consider what steps to take: Tiuruore, a little after nine, I proceeded through the garden into the avenue, and, walking briskly on, I soon came to the place where the squire's body had been found. There was now, however, nothing to mark the spot, as the heavy rain had washed that gory pool away. Though fine, it was very windy, and the breeze rustled the leaves to the trees, swayed the great branches, then died away with a sigh, only to return with greater violence. After walking a few yards I paused again, hesitating whether I should return, as it was so very dirty in the avenue, when something swaying on the bough of a tree in the wood on my right hand suddenly arrested my attention. In a few moments I had pushed through the bushes and trees, and reaching the rough stone wall, climbed over it, and was standing under the tree. It was a fine old oak, and, caught on one of the lower branches, swaying backwards and forwards with the breeze, was a re volver. Reaching my arm up —it was a little above my head— I-seized the weapon, and saw that it was as smart a little revolver as I had ever seen. On a small silver plate were the letters, 44 M.T." 44 Somebody's initials, '' I thought, as I slipped the pistol into my pocket. Then glancing over the wall, and calculating the distance from where I stood to the place where the squire's body had been found, I came to the conclusion that the murderer had stood where I then was, and having shot the squire had hidden the pistol in the branches of the tree, probably intending to fetch it, but lack ing the opportunity before, the previous day's heavy rain, followed by the wind, had dis lodged it. The initials were Certainly not those of any member of the Arden family. It must be my work to discover whoso they were, and I iormed the impression they belonged to some relation of that unhappy divorced wife. Going rapidly through tbdwood, I came to the path which led to the Witch's Gave,, and as I reached it I met the head gamekeeper coming from the other direction. An idea flashed across me that I would show him the weapon, and if it belonged to any one em ployed on the estate or to the house, hewould probably recognise it. ho after replying to — — — — a— — — —ma i . his 44 Good-morning," I drew the revolver out, saying : 44 Isn't this a handy little thing P" In an instant I saw that he recognised it. 44 Whatever's possessed Martin to sell that? or maybe he's only lent it,'' he said, as he t;ok it in his hand. I took my cue at once. 4 Well, he didn't sell it exactly, although he may for a price. You see, it's a handy little weapon lor a man who has to go into all sorts of places." 44 Yes; and between you and me, s"r, he'll be tetter without it. Oae of the uader- keepers told me as he'd seen him snaring rabbits, and he'd told the squire the very night before he was shot. 1 gues if th squire had lived, there would have beentrvb- about it. I was vexed with Jim for tellicg of him, for there's many a worse fellow than Martin Taylor. That's why I've held my tongue when I've seen him shoot a rabit or a hare as ran across the road. Besides, his father and mine were great chums, and I knew the squire would never miss a rabbit or two. And again, he hadn't behaved well to Martin's father. Not but what I'm for up holding the law, sir. Still, I do think the squire was a trifle loo hard on a man." 44 Then I suppose Taylor is a good shot r" 44 A good Bhot ! 1 should just think he i?. Why, sir, he got that revolver as a prize in a shooting match." 44 1 should have thought he was too busy with his blacksmith's work to have had time for that kind of thing," I said, determined to make sure that he alluded to Martin Taylor, the blacksmith. - 44 Oh, he gets plenty of work, and he's a good smith, though he has been a bit of a wild one in his lifetime ; and he's net abov« a spree now and then even to this day. Auk as for shooting, there's never a match round here that h8 doesn't go to. He's a crack shot, and if he sells you that revolvar, you may know he's taken to yon uncommonly." 44 Very likely it's only a joke of hie, snd he doesn't mean to let me have it," I said, determined to keep the man iu the dark. 44 Most likely, sir. But I'll have to be going ou now. I've my clothes to change ready for the funeral, for i'm to bs cne of the bearers." 44 Oh, indeed ! Is your house far from here ?" 44 Down there — not above tea minutes' walk from the Witch's Cave." 44 Then, I suppose you've a good distance to go end returning his 41 G od-mora- ing," L passed on towards Arden House. On arriving there, I proceeded at once to my chamber, and unlocking my portman teau, I took the bullet out with which the t quire had been killed, and found that it fitted the revolver — and more than that, the other chambers were leaded with similar ones. Taking these out, I put them all in my pocket, save, the one which had killed toe squire. That I again locked up, and then, putting the revolver to my pocket, I left the house, having abandoned all intention of being present at the funeral. Going along the avenue, I passed out at the lodge gate. Glancing casually at Arden Cottage, I saw that none of the blinds were drawn. Evidently the mistress of the houss resented the squire's conduct as regarded her step-daughter. As I walked down the hill, I thought how little I had suspected the very man who had been the one to give me so much information about the squire's divorced wife. I felt con siderably nettled as I remembered how far his suggestions that the poor woman still lived, snd that the murder was her work, had influenced me. These refleotionB did not put me in a very amiable humor, and I felt inclined to show the blacksmith little mercy. My only fear was lest he should have got out of the way, for I had not seen him since Saturday. Bur as I drew near to his shop the ring of too hammer told me that some one was busily working ; so, crossing the road, I entered. Raising his head, Martin Taylor turned round with an expression of surprise on his face. 4 4 What, haven't you cone to the funeral he asked, as I came forward. 44 No; funerals are not muoh iu my lincL so I thought I'd call in and show you this,"! said, whisking toe revolver out of my pocket and holding it to front of the man, whose ruddy color changed instantly to deathly whiteness. (to be continued.) 