MINING ROMANCES. (From Illustrated Am,"rican, New York ) ONE of the most productive mines in California was discovered through an accidental fall of the discoverer. He was one of a hunting party that had gone out from San Francisco during the Christmas holidays. While passing along the side of a steep hill on a nar row trail his horse suddenly slipped, and, with his rider, went down into the gulch. Happening to be the last in.the line, and some distance behind. the others, he was not missed for some moments, but when his absence was noticed the party turned back to look for him, fear ing some untoward accident. He was nowhere to be seen, but the place where his horse had slipped and fallen over the bank, together with the traces of the fall, were plainly visible. Slowly and painfully the men picked their way down the slope, following the tracks made by the falling horse and man, and when near the bottom sud denly came upon an interesting spec tacle. Just behind a clump of bushes which the man and his steed had crashed through on their way down, stood the horse, apparently uninjured, while near by, on a slab of rock projecting from the snow, the man was capering likenn Indian at a ghost dance. The first impression of the rescuing party was that the man had gone suddenly crazy, but as he caught sight of them he in stantly ceased his gyrations and shouted for them to approach. They caime, when he showed them se?iial lumps of almost pure gold he had hastily knocked from the ledge with a stone for a hammer, and announced his dis covery'of a gold mine. The sliding horse lhad brought up against the ledge, and the restive animal, .kicking vigorously, in the efforts to rise, had struck off the moss from the stone, and disclosed the fact that it was a gold-bearing ledge of un usual richness. He appropriately named his find "The Christmas Gift," and a valuable gift it proved to be. A miner named John Adams was prospecting somewhere in the moun tains. While wearily trudging along one hot day through a gulch where the san had a good chance at his back, he suddenly smelled smoke. The phenomenon struck him an odd, and lie glanced quickly in every. direc tion to ascertain the origin of the smoke, but seeing nothing, resumed his journey. A moment later the smell returned, stronger than-ever,'and, the lireeze just then blowing in theodirection in which lie was walking, a light wreath of vap our curled about his ears, and gave him to understand that his haversack was on fire. Like all miners, he carried a large lens for the purpose of examining the specimens aind the sand in his pan, and the ti-uth flashed upon him. For want of room, he had hung the glass on the outside, and the rays of the sun had been concentrated on his haversack, which was thus set on fire. As among its contents were twelve or fifteen pounds of powder, he lost no time in dropping the dangerous burden and getting as far away as possible before it exploded. The haversack fell be tween two huge stones, and cuddled down out of sight. Adams soon reached a safe distance, and disconsolately watch the smoke arising from his sole worldly possessions, waiting until the expected explosion was over, so that he could return and gather up the remains of his belongings. Suddenly there was a deafening report. The ground trembled, and Adams dodged behind a huge stone to escape the fragments of flying wreck. Rising, he went to the spot to gather up what he could find, when his eyes almost started out of his head at seeing the quartz that had been blown up fairly glittering with gold. His powder had done better on its own account than it had ever done on his, and had literally blown opei a gold mine for his benefit. He was made a rich man in an instant, and named his mine the "Nick o' Time." The famous Comstock was discovered by a chance as simple as that which exposed to the eyes of the astonished Adams the gold' blown up by the acci dental explosion of his halversack. According to the story told, the ground on which.the lode was afterwards dis covered was prospected by Comstock, who located a claim, but made up his mind that it did not amount to much, and so abandoned it. . Shortly. after this. an odd: character ,named.. BFinney. vas hunting, in the ne ig hb?urhood:?.i d? rhcade Tli The wounded animal struggled off as fast as it could, and Finney after it. While scrambling up the side of a hill his foot dislodged some loose stones, and, glanc ing down, he thought he perceived signs of "colour." But just then he was not after " colour," for he was out of meat, and, disregarding the indication, he kept on after the deer. Having secured his game he returned to camp, and that night told of the in cident, not, however, seeming to attacb' much importance to it, for he made no effort to return and locate ait claim. His narrative was heard by Peter O'Rilhy' and Pat Laughlin, w ho determined to examine the vicinity, and a lfew:days later went to the sitse:of the jiresent Comstock mines:and began:aoperations.. At first they met with little entoiursag? - ment, but observing favourable signs in some odd-looking black earth they. washed a little of it in a pan, and were astonished at the result, for from the small quantity of earth tested came 10 or 15 dols. worth of gold .They then began work in good earnest, and were getting on finely when ilong came Coni stock and demanded to know what they were doing on his claim. They were obliged either to' kill him or take him into partnership, so they did the latter. The news of the "strike" soon spread in the camp, and then came Finney, or " Old Virginny," as lie was called, and demanded a share also for having furnished the information :that led to thei discovery. He was more easily pacified than Comstock, for after somenegotiationand no end of "cussin," he was bouglht off w'itli 'tventy-five dollars, an Indian pony, and a jug of whisky the additional compliment being paid him of naming the new found mine after the State . lwhich .also furnished him with a nickname. The mines chichl built the city of Helena, in Montana, were discovered by a party of four prospectors who were on their way to a well-known camp in the Kootenai country. Learning that the diggings in that quarter had failed, they turned aside to prospect in another direction, and for some time wandered about digging hIoles,but findilngnothing that they considered worthl working. About noon of the 15th day July, 1804, they arrived on the site of the city of HIelena, halted for dinner and to rest their horses. They haIl tested thestream now known as Last Chance Creek, but found nothing, and wers not disposed to make any further investigation, deem Ing their labour useless. Dinner over, their horses were saddled, when one of their niumber walked down to the stream to get a drink before mounting. From mere frce ofl habit hlie began miechanic ally scratching the gravel with hIis hands, when, to hIis;nstnishmenit, he drewuout a nungget asbig "as a goltl dollar. lie slomutedl to the.- rest, who were iahleady on their wasy, to return witlh thi pans, and showedl theni Iis.discovery.. At first incredulous, they were dis posed to disregard his request, li't the sight of thenugget changed their mind in short order, thie horses were un saddled, a hole do"g. A hundred dollars' cortl of gould was taken oalt in twenty minutes. It waits roexactly the place they were looking for. They immediately settled down and located claims. In an short time news of their success spread abroad. Hundreds of other miners flocked to the spot, and a mining camp of un precedented richness was established. The city of Helena grew up on the spot, and it is said that one of the banks of that city is situated on a portion of the first claim located by the lucky quartet It is also said that their names were Cowan, Crab, Miller, and Stanley, though to what extent each profited by the discovery is not certain. As a general thing the men who dis cover a 'rich district are not the men who are ultimately enriched by it, and it is possible that in this case the rule held good. The filmous silver mines of Potosi, in South America, were discovered by an Indian who was in pursuit of an ante lope. He w?is climbing the steep slope of a hill, and seized a bush to help him self up. The plant gave way and lie started to fall backward, but by a des perate effort saved himself, and falling forward cut his nose against a projecting ledge of stone. Stopping to staunch the flow of blood, lie chanced to look at the stone which had done the damage, vwhen, to his astonishment, he preceived it was almost pure silver. This story may be apocryphal, but a tale which comes from Mexico is ioler ably well authenticated. According to this narrative, one of the richest mines in that land of mineral wealth was found by a rabbit. An Indian was hunting rabbits,. and his dog chased one to a hole in a hillside. The Indian hesitated for a moment whether, todig out the rabbit he' hd.' seen enter or go in pursuit of another. '' Determining' firially that one rabbit in a hole was worth more than half a dozen on a rocky hillside, he got a spade and went to work. 'Before he had turned over half a dozen spadefills of earth he liad for·ootten 'all about the rabbit; fbr he had made the thrilling discovery that hes was hlandling almost said silver. iThe man dropped his spade and ran to his employer iwith the intelli gence,o tie latter returning with himun to the spot. to see for himselfand verify the discovery. The rabbit escaped, at least, it is supposed it did, for it enters no more into'the' story, buttits memory is preserved in the name of the mine, which being translated, into English signifies the ' Rabbit's Den." It would have been well for the Indian if he had escaped when the rabbit did, for, according to the story, the poor fellow was murdered by the Spaniard, who desired to keep the secret of the mine, was afraid that the Indian might reveal it, and that the Government might step in and claim either the whole or a large part of the proceeds. One of the best mines in South Idaho was discovered by an accident even more singular. There was a small camp in the vicinity, and, theseason being winter, the miners were taking things easy and amusing themselves as best they could during the long evenings. The favour ite amusement tVwasenardsvannd durinsea: social game one.night two miners fell out, both drew, and the one who was most expert laid tile other .dead on the floor. 'T'hedead miner was very popular, so after ti'anging the murderer it was re solvedto give " Bucko Jim" a funeral. A 'oflina'was prep:ired; and a burying liarty was sent to dig" a grave--no easy, tsk,- considering the fact that the earth wa'f rozen .hard as stone. IThe grave diggers were -getting on pretty well, however, until one of. their number claimed to notiie something :lieculiar about the earth they ivere throwing up. An iivestigation was instituted, and the .welcome discovery made that -the gr ave designed for poor Jim was a gold mine' of' wonderful richness. In the excitement everything: else was for gotten, even Jim, anti before. the" close of the day all hands in:camp.Wvere busy staking off claims. Theo keeper of the dive where Jim met his fate was at a loss, so was :th: town marshal, for the formier had on his hands the body of Jimh, the latter that of his antagonist, who had been lynched. ''After consultatioin both bodies were taken a short distance up the gulch and thrust into a deep snow drift, with the consoling reflection that they would keep until spring, when they could be buried with much less trouble. Long before spring, however, other mines were opened in the hillside above the drift where the temporary interment had taken place, and the earth and debris from these had accumulated above the bodies to such an extent that wheln summer came and the camup con cluded to carry out the original inten tion and give Jim his funeral, tons of earth and stones covered the biodies, and the miners decided that to move the pile was too much trouble, so some one put up a memorial board, and they left Jim and his companion to sleep together under the earth of the mines that had been discovered by means of their brawl. The romance of the mines is not limited to rich discoveries, out of which the lucky finder makes a fortune, for it has happened that after a discovery has been made, the miner who made it was unable from some cause to realise the good fortune lie expected. Of this statemedt tihe "Lost Cabiln" tmine in tile Big Hiorn Mountains is a notable example. During the war three pros pectors were working through the Big Horn Mountains, somewhere in South irn eMontana or Northern Wyomning, it is not certain which, when they dis covered a locality so rich in gold that the tales told of the wealth of other muines seemed like idle words. They made a small excavation and took from it a dozen nuggets as la'go as marbles. T'lhey stood asthountlel at the wealthth lhat lay Iteforo theom, andl detelmnined at 'once tboin't.tii'n to civili santion and: come acl withl aesiflicient number of miners to secure safety, as the country 'vwarmied with hostile Indians. They built a boat in which to descend the Big Horn River, and with great caution began their long jotnemy. Although they took the utmost pains to elude observation, they were seen by a party of savages before they had been a week on the way. A sharp pursuit followed, during which two of the men were killed. The third escaped by leaving the boat and hiding among the weeds and bushes on the bank. For weeks he wandered on his way back to civilisation, enduring incredible hardships and constant sufibring from heat and hunger and thirst, and finally reached the nearest settlements more dead than alive. For some time his life was despaired of, so low had his physical system been reduced by suffer ing,-but he finally recovered sufficiently to tell his story, though hlie refused to give the location of the mine. He ex pressed a willingness to lead a party to it as soon as he could travel, and enough men were soon found to thrash all the Indians in the Big Horn Mountains. The expedition never started, how ever, for the original discoverer was so broken down by his hardships that he became insane, and soon died, without divulging the situation of his lucky discovery. Since that time dozens of expeditions have scoured the Big Horn Mountains from end to end in search of the " Lost Cabin," but it has never been found, and remains still a coming El Dorado fo'l.some industrious or fortu nate miner. - - : The "Lost Cabin," however, was not the :only romanice of the Big Horn Mountains. A few months after the massacre of Custer and his men, a party of soldiers were scouting after hostiles in the Big Horn. The country was terribly rugged and broken; pro gress was very difficult, and. after pro ceeding for some days in the midst of the wilderness of peaks, the guide was forced to admit that he had lost his way. A consultation followed, and the captains and guide went to a neigh bouring knoll to take their bearings. The captain seated himself on a ledge, while the guide lay down on the ground near by, holding the reins of the horses. An earnest conversation followed as to the proper course to be taken in order to get out of the hills, the guide urging one direction, the captain as earnest in favour of another. "You may say what you please, but I think we ought to go that way," said the captain, and as he spoke he picked up a bit of stone from the ground and tossed it in the direction indicated. The guide stared, then made a rush for a bit of stone. It was now the captains turn to be astonished, as the man returned with the pebble and showed him that it was a piece of quartz so thickly seamed with gold as to form a specimen of wonderful impress and beauty. The two collected a few samples, hid them, and agreed to keep the matter a secret until they could return and take possession of the mine. A few days later the guide was killed and the secret remained with the cap tain. Time and again after his troop had been extricated from the mouiltains did he make efforts to re-locate the hill of gold; but every effort was doomed to failure. It could never be found. .It"isfimpossibloeth.Cu rima +j aves been the " Lost Cabin ;" of this there is no certainty, but, if not, it was a mine of such wonderful richness that nothing like it has ever since been dis covered in the Big Horn range. The fate that befell the discoverers of the mines in the Big Horn suggests an idea common among miners, that the finder of a great mine is certain to die an unnatural if not violent death. Besides these cases, so many others are cited that the superstition certainly seems to have more of a basis of fact behind it than is common with such notions. - A volume dealing with super stitious fancies about death gives a long list of miners whose lucky discoveries were soon followed by a fateful stroke. . Old Virginny," already mentioned, the original -finder. of Virginia mine, sWas killed by a bucking mule; Brodie, the finei of the standard mine in California, died in a snow storm ; Story, a celebrated Californian discoverer, was killed by the Indians; Comstock, after letting incalculable wealth slip out of his hands, became almost a pauper, and shot himself while on an exhausting and fruitless -search after the "Lost Cabin" in the Big-Horn range. Fairweather, the discoverer of Alder Gulch, died of exposure and dissipation near the famous mines lie was the first to find, and Farrell, who was the finder of the Meadow Lake region, died insane in a hospital. - The discoverer of gold in the black hills was killed while engaged in an attemopted robbery. Scores of names might be mentioned of men who located rich mines and who died by the violence that, in their tday, was altogether too common in the mining districts. There is nothing remarkable about the fact. They were rough men; many of their number were men of violence; they lived among mnen as rough as themselves; scenes of blood were comimon, and they but shared the fate of hundreds of their kind. They are remembered by reason of their con nection with famous mines, and others are forgotton because they did nothing the world found worth rememberingm. 