SECOND DAY.—THURSDAY, NOV. 2 The weather was decidedly wanner than oil the first day, but notwithstanding there was again a very large attendance. The proceedings commenced with the Second Hurdles, for which only Goldwire and Ord started. As might have been expected, Goldwire, from his easy win the day before, was served up a very warm favourite. AVhen only about half the journey lind been accomplished Ord floundered at the hurdle and came down, but fortunately liis jockey, Mr. A. J. Edwards, escaped with only a slight shaking. Goldwire was, therefore, left to finish the race alone. For the Nannine Stakes a field of four horses faced the starter, the nlisentees being Nemesis, Jioiup, and Iron. Nemesis was not scratched, but did not put in nn appearance at the post—a fact which excited the ire of the stewards. The field got away well together, Mr. Collins making smother good start. It looked almost a moral i'or Mr. Darlot's grey gelding, and the public were especially sweet on him, but the betting was again upset, the winner turning Tip in Mr. Pember's Spy, who won clearly by three-quarters of a length afteragood dinf?-dong finish all the way up the straight. The winner's performance •was all the more meritorious from the fact that he carried 101b. over weight. For the Cuddingwarra Plate the only three horses on the curd that put in an appearance were Bryan, Tit Bits, and Bengal. Bryan and Tit Bits were both strongly fancied, Bengal being very much aiegleelcd. Bryan, it was thought, would not start, several minutes being lost in consequence of the uncertainty that appeared to exist ili the wind of his trainer, but when they were iarirly going Mr. Darlot's horse assumed the lead, which he maintained until the turn for home, where Tit Bits caught him, and a great race ensued, Tit Bits eventually winning by two lengths. Bengal cairied Dibs, over weight, but eve» with a stone less it is questionable whether hp would 3„ivfc luid a ghost of a show against his auore speedy opponents. The winner was •afterwords soli by auction for £l(i—£14 •of which goes to tlie Club. For the Murchison GoliMelds Ban4ie*p, the principal •event of the meeting, all seyeti horses colored on tlie cord started,. J* vesjieet ©f condition 'Sir. Untcli's 'handsome hoi^.e Bachelor appeared to be the most fit. liinga had apparently undergone a careful preparation, mid nothwitlistttudillg the fact that she luul beon defeated in the lijaiden Plate on the previous day, some „f the knowing ones gave lier quiet support in tlie betting. Maritoto, who finished second to Goldwire in the first Hurdle HUSO, under an impost of 13st.. (.aviiefl equal weight with Bachelor, 10st. He sweated very finely, and his chaiice was not regarded with much favor. The sneetfv Pop was fancied, aud Ti?bnr had , : - L of frie8««, liut did nut ttikb dirt ju the luce. He weighed, aud cantered up and down the straight, his jockey being decorated with a couple of bullock chains in order to ride the weight. The jingling of tlie chains and their inconvenience decided the jockey to abstain from start' ing, and consequently Tizbar's backersand they were fairly numerous—went down without a struggle. Tlie race throughout was little more than a pro cession. Past the judge's box Pop was in the lead, Einga bein:, close attendance, with Bachelor weil up, and all three going well. At the far side of the course Pop and Einga were still leading; Bachelor then commenced move up. Entering the straight Bachelor assumed tlie lead, Einga fiercely disputing every inch of the way. A splendid struggle ensued up the straight, Mr. Wit tenoom's mare responding gamely when called upon to make her ruu. Tlie effort was, however, made rather too late, as she failed to catch Bachelor, who was declared the winner by a short length. The others, with the exception of Pop, finish ed nowhere; they were apparently all abroad, and but for the line struggle between the first and second horses the race would have been disappointing. The Miner's Purse brought out a field of four horses, Hampton being installed first favorite. Spy was also well supported, but the chances of Iron and Skimmer were not considered sufficiently rosy to temptniany backers. Hampton led from start to finish, the only other horse that made him gallop being Spy, The Farewell Handicup brought out three starters only—Pop, Iron and Serang. Pop and Iron were about equally supported, Pop if anything being the favorite, and led all the way until about 200 yards from home. He appeared to be goiug well and had the race in hand, Iron being, however, very handy and coming fast. It looked a moral for Pop, but suddenly he swerved mid apparently stopped momentarily, allowing Iron to cleverly defeat him. It was a great disappointment to Pop's owner, as the horse performed consistently throughout the meeting, but failed toscoiie a win. This closed a very fair meeting, but it is to be hoped that next year there will be fields more commensurate with the valuable stakes offered by the club. The proceedings during tlie afternoon were far more lively than on the previous day, and Sergeant Evans had a pretty lively tune of it. Whilst attempting to arrest a somewhat turbulent spirit the sergeant was a good deal hustled and knocked about, having to invoke the assistance of tlie by-stnnders. Mr. Alexander Hamilton, builder and contractor, who went to the sergaant's assistance, received several blows, but he gave his assailant a llolaud for un Oliver, several of his assailants literally biting the dust, of which there was a plentiful supplv. SECOND HURDLE RACE. Handicap of 40 sovs. Distance, miles. Second horse to receive 5 sovs. from stake. Over such course and hurdles as the Stewards may direct. Winner of Handicap Hurdle Race to carry a penalty of 71bs. Mr. J. Macphgrson's b.g. Goldwire, aged, 9st. 121bs 1 Mr. J. H. McKay's b.g. Ord, 6 JTS., lOst. 31bs 0 Betting.—3 to 1 oil Goldwire, even money Ord. Totalisator, £8; £6 on winner; dividend, £1 4s. Od. THE NANNINE STAKES. Handicap of 35 sovs. Distance, 6 furlongs. Second horse to receive 5 sovs. from Mr. B. Pember's Spy, aged, 7st. 121bs. 1 Mr. H. S. Darlot's g.g. Hampton, aged, 9st. 121bs 2 Mr. A. J. Edwards' g.h. Pop, 5 vrs., 8st. 31bs * ... 3 Mr. n \ Robson's Maud Bess, 4 yrs., 7st. 121bs 0 Betting.—6 to 4 on Hampton, 2 to 1 agst. Spy; 3 to 1 1 Pop, 10 to 1 others. Totalisator, £102; £51 on winner; dividend, £3 13s. Od. CXDDINGWABBA PLATE Of 30 sovs. Distance, 1 mile. Winner to be sold for 2 sovs., any surplus to go to Club. Weight for age. Mr. J. McPherson's c.f. Tit Bits, 4 JTS., 7st. 91bs 1 Mr. H. :S. Darlot's b.g. Bryan, aged, 8st. lllbs ... 2 Mr. T. Robson's b.g. Bengal, aged, (carried 91bs. over) 9st. Gibs. ... 3 Betting.—2 to 1 on Tit Bits, even money Bryan, 3 to 1 Bengal. Totalisator, £98; £46 on winner; dividend, £1 18s. MURCHISON GOLDFIELDS HANDICAP. A sweepstake of 1 sov., with 150 sovs. added. Distance, 2 miles. Second horse to receive 15 sovs., and third liorse 5 sovs. from stake. Winner of Day Dawn Cup to carry a penalty of 71bs. Mr. W. Hatch's b.g. Bachelor, aged, lOst ... 1 Mr. F. Wittenoom's b.m. Einga, 3 yrs., 9st. Gibs 2 Mr. A. G. Edwards' g.g. Pop, 5 yrs., 7st. 61bs ... 3 Mr. H. S. Darlot's b.g. Maritoto, aged, lOst. ... . i,. 0 Mr. W. Caws' b.g. Serang, 5 yrs., 9st. 61bs ... 0 Mr. J. Byrne's b.g. Nemesis, aged, 9st. 6'lbs 0 Mr. T. Robson's Tizbar, aged, 8st. 61bs 0 Betting.—6 to 4 on Bachelor, evens Serawg, 5 to 1 agst. Maritoto, 4 to 1 Tizbar, 15 to i Einga. Totalisator, £228; £102 on winner; dhii)s;id, £2. MINERS' PtiRst, Of 25 sovs. Distance, 5 furlongs. SeeoniJ horse to receive 2 sovs. from stakes. Welter weight for age. Mr. H. S. Darlot's g.g. Hampton, aged, 8st. lOlbs 1 Mr. ii. lumber's blk.g. Spy, aged, 8st. lOlbs. .., 2 Mr. Goldstein's blk.g. Skimmer, 6 yrs„ , 8st. lOlbs. ... ' 3 Mr. J. Roach's g.g. Iron, 4 yrs., 9st. 0 Betting.—2 to 1 on Hampton, evens Spy, 5 to 1 Iron, 10 to 1 Skimmer. Totalisator, £103' £55 on winner; dividend, £1 lis. FABKWELL HANDICAP. A sweepstake of 1 sov. from winners, with 10 sovs. added. Distance, once round the course. Open to horses that have not won a race during meeting. Iron, «N*. 7li». — 1 Pop, 9st. ... „, ... 2 Serang, 8st. 12lhs. ... ... ',) Betting.—6 to 4 Pop, evens Spiling, 3 to 1 Iron. Totalisator, ; ±108; £14 on iljfi WMJfer, dividend, £6 12s. 