THE WIDE WORLD, A boy, ouly seventeen years of age, wat Sxeonted lately at Limoges for tbe murder ol ikia employer, a small country tnilor. lie bad undergone tbe ordeal of a doable trial, tbe first having been quashed for some technical irregularity, so that death has been hanging over him for more than a twelvemonth. He heard mass in a very reverent spirit, and met his fate with courage and calmness. A valuable discovery was made tbe other day in the collar of a leading London pub lisher. Upwards of forty years ago Sir George Grey sent homo a parcel of books to Elds publisher for sale in England. It in cluded copies of Mythology and Traditions of the New Zealanders, by Sir George Grey ; Poetry of tlio Xe>v Zealand ers, by the same author: and Maori Mementoes, being a series of ad dresses presented by the native pcoplo to his Excellency .Sir George Grey, K.C.B., F.R.S. By some means the consignment found its way to the cellar, probably being unsaleable in London, and it lay there undis turbed and forgotten until a few days ago. Meantime the works had got out of print and wero very scarce and valuable. The discovery is said to have been mado by one of tlio employes of (ho firm, who had noticed a parcel hearing a label with the words, “ The property of Sir George Grey.” The owner was delighted at recovering his forgotten froasuro, and at once gavo instructions to have the unbound copies put into covers and delivered to himself. The works will be in eager request in New Zealand. Alter lying in t^p collar for upwards of forty years, they are quite unimpaired by damp. It is reported that fashion, late, hut, for once true, In taste, baB began by occasional ventures to appropriate the seemly' nursing costume as part of her Bystem of decoration. "Wo need not be surprised at the preference thus expressed. Cleanly, simple, neat, hut undemonstrative as it usually is, the dress of female attendants on the sick was not likely to escape entirely from the flattery of imitation. Nevertheless xvo consider its exhibition at all times and places, and especially its use by those who have no professional title to its use, to be an error and a folly. The nurse’s apron, cloak, and bonnet are as much her distinctive regi mentals as military scarlet is the national guarantee of a soldier’s position. Wearing it we know exactly who and what she is, we can somewhat gauge her character by her attire, and we can trust her service. But if any and every admirer of her comely dress may ignore its distinctive character, we lose much more than can bo gained by a usurping fashion. The meaning is entirely gone. The casual wearer may bo anyone—no mere innocent lnasqnc rador, not even the glorified jackdaw of the fable, a nameless attraction only, a person void of personality, perhaps not insignificant, but •certainly, in the indications of her clothing, unreliable. It is to he hoped, for the credit and continued usefulness of a clas3 represen tative of the highest womanhood and not less for our common security againsta mischievous deception, that every means which public sense can employ1 will be used to baffle this now stratagem of thoughtless or unscrupul ous fancy.—Lancet.” In tho “ Nineteenth Century P.oviow” Mr Sinnett oxpounds the peculiarities of the ust r al pluae. One chici charnctorisiic is that on the “ astral light ” (which is tho pervad ing medium oi the astral plane), there aro projected images of things dead and gone, buildings that have crumbled away, bygone (Streets with ihe moving pictures oi tho in habitants that dice lived in them. In this sphere quisque sues patimur manes, even down, to hansom cabs and sbop- wmdows : “ Scientific inquiry carried on behind tho scenes of nature soon enables us to realise that not only is tboro a ‘ ghost ’— or, to use a belter term, an astaal counterpart—of every coat and trousers that ever existed, bnt of every shop-window and paving-stone, and every market oart and hansom cab, or atom of matter in whatever form it maybe thought of. A hideous characteristic of fills state of being is that tho hatred, malice and cruelty, tho thir3tto do evil to enemies, and aspirations of every degraded kind which rage through the fevered physical world are constantly taking shape in distressing ways on the astral plane of nature, where everyone of them finds fomo too receptive medium for its impress. The evil thoughts oi men do not merely take shape as painful records of malevolence, bat actually unite themselves with some forms of life with which the astral plane is teeming.” All this, adds M r Sinuett, muy ho verified by “ tho astral eeuso.t of any adequately qualified observer.”—“Westminster Gazette.” Anyone who has been at the Norwegian fishing village of Vnrdoe will undoubtedly associate it 'with terrible odors, to put it mildly, although a stronger nud more vulgar appellation would bo much move to the point, for the air is simply saturated with tho smell of fish in almost every stage of decomposition : in fact, 1 ardoe xnay be sain to be almost made up of wooden frames, on which are hung to dry in tho sun thousands upon thousands of fish and cods heads, the latter for sale and to bo exported as guano. Tho harbor is made very lively with troops of fishermen, who carry_ on an enormous trade. The crafts from the White Sea particularly attrac ted my attention (writes m lady traveller) not from a fi.-hing or a nasal point of view, but from the tael of the Russian fishermen being so extremely handsome and kiud-look ingus to excite, my admiration, a weakness which on future acquaintance with Russians only increased, for being tail and well built, with full long fair beards, they present a striking appearance in their pink worsted The strike of the Burnley ami district joiners atui carpenters, which has been in progress for throe weeks, has been settled. Thif masters have agreed to advance wages a larthing per hour at once, and another farthing in Novombor. This is practically the compromise offered by the employers before tho strike commenced, the second advance being a month earlier than proposed. Dr. Symons Eecles, writing to the “National Review,'’ suggests saying vour prayet s’ as a remedy for insomnia. Among other instances he quotes one oi a sufferer from partial insomnia, who “con fessed to her physician that she dated iici wantof sleep from thetime wheusheceased to say herprayers.” She was recommended to return ai once to the good habit ol her childhood, and with the best results. “ “ No doubt.” says Dr Eceles, “ tin mentalrepow engendered, coupled witl ■ the fact that the transition from the erec to the horizontal position was renderet more gradual by tbe interposition of th usual reverential attitude of the bendei . knee and bowed head, conduced to the tran quility of heart action and slowness c circulation necessary to sleep.” In othe words, tli o prayerful attitude makes handy half-way house between the erec position when undressing, and the re • ©unbent one when lying down. 