Notes and News. Early on Sunday morning thorn was bustle and stir at Boveial homes in tfympio, and just beforo six o'clock tho appearance of the Drill Hall indicatod that something unusual was tho matter, and that— doapito the fact tlut tho annual encampment of tho military' at Lytton this year was to be a voluntary one — a gi-oat munbor wero enthusiastic enough to pay their own oxponsos in order - to attend, Tho Infantry marched to tho Btation hoadod by a bagpiper, and a largo crowd wero waiting thoro to see them off. Tho mounted men had arrived at the station Bome timo boforo, that thoir horses could bo placed in the trucks provided for them. There was a little ditliculty with some of the horses, but eventually tho work was completed. The muster-roll was then called, tho following being tho parade state : — Infantry : Lieu tenant- Colonol Forguson, Captain Woodrow, Staff-sergeant Coutts, aud 37 noncommie sioned oiiicorsand men; Mounted Infantry ; Major Patterson, Captain Iioid, Lieutenants Tozer and Lindloy, 65 non-commissioned officers and men, and 60 horses ; Ambulance Corps : Sorgoant-major Koffe, and 4 boarors ; total, 114. Although the train was sup posed to loavo at 7 a.m., it was nearly 8 o'clock before everything was roady ; the signal was then given, and tho train slowly steamed out of the station, amidst choors and a goneral hand- waving. It will be soon from our advertising columns that any mem bers of tho local military corps who aro de sirous of spending their Easter holidays in camp at Lytton can proceed on Thursday by the niid-duy train. — Monday's Courier says i ' During last evening the Gympie Mounted Infantry and the North Pino Mounted In fantry arrived in camp and were installodin thoir quarters, everything being in readiness for them. Tho whole strength of the camp yestorday aftornouu was as follows i — Staff. 6 ; medical stuff, 1 j Permanont Force, 2 otticera, 4$ inon; Moimtod Infantry, lo ollicers, 277 mou j Infantry, S oflicors, 70 mun. Further additions aro expected daily, and there soems ovory reason to oxpoct that fully 1G00 or 2000 men will bo onoamped during tho latter part of the onoauipinent.' Nominations of candidates to fill the vacancy on the Glastoabury Board caused through tho resignation of Mr. ,W. S. Rich ards close at 4 p.m. to-day. A concert will be given in tho Olyinpio hall this ovening by the members of the Gympio choir who are going to Ipswich to compete at the Eisteddfod ivt Easter. The programme, as publiBhod in another column, should prove an attractive ono as the items aro well ohosen and varied. Tho vocalists and instrumentalists include some of our bost amateurs, and as assiduous praotico has boon carried on for Bomo timo a musical treat may confidently be expected. Tho proceeds of the concert are to bo dovotod towards paying the expenses of tho choir. Wo havo recoivod a letter from a farmor on the Fassiforn line in reforonco to u para graph that appeared in a recent issue of this journal about the maizo known . as 'DO day,' stating that ho has grown the variety and has a limited quantity for disposal, lie recommonds ttat if tho seed is procured for next season's plank ing Professor Shelton's method should bo adopted, namely, placo tho corn in an air tight receptacle with a little Bulphido of carbon placed at tho bottom of tho corn to keep it froo from woavils. Tho lottor can bo buou on application at tho Times oilluo. Probato of tho will of Joromiah Kyan, of Oympio, farmer, has beon grunted to Patrick Kyan and Nomh liyan, both Of Qynipiet personalty .61050, realty 4J0, ' e ' Wo uro plniiRod to noto that our dihtriot wns ri'presonted at a groat Halo of thorough bred stock recontly held by Mr. Thou. Cook of Ttuanvilli), Scono, Now South Waloa, and that it resulted in a very valuable addition being mado to local blood Ktook, Mr. Goo. II. Jones, of Kilkivnn station, having purchasud a yearling colt whoso brooding will bring strains of blood tlut aro quito now to tho district. lie is by ' Fusiloor' (full brothor to Matchlock) who is l-y ' Musket' from Yattorina by Yattondon ; his dam is ' Ida' by Gemma-di-Vergy imp, from 'Goldspoo' by 'Kingston' imp. In ap poai\inco tho colt is vary handsome and orimful of quality. His color is a beautiful brown dished with whito hairs right through. This colt was bought for stud purposes and in that capacity should prove li great acquisition to the district, but from tho peculiarly good racing strains his breeding posessos.he should cortainly make a iiiuiiQ tor himself on tho turf if tlio clmnco is given him. Tho colt ba3 arrived safely at Kilkivan, having boon brought all tho long distance by rail. An accident happonod on Friday at the No. 1 North Phconix mine to W.Hath, one of tho. captains. Ho wished to ascend to tho surfaco'and at one of tho lovols ho got into the cage on which was a trunk, containing Homo drills. It Honours that the iron irimn winch is gonerally used to koop tho trucks in position in tlio cage had not boon put on, andaftor travelling ashortdistaneo the vibra tion caused tho truck to movo towards the side of tho cage. This made it project a little and it evontually caught in somo timber and tilted up, by which ono.of Bath's jegs was badly torn in tho, fleshy part. The injury was attonded to, and we learn that ho is progressing favourably. At tho Polico Court on Saturday, before tho Polico Magistrate, William Mills was charged with having no visible moans of support, and on the application of Senior Sergeant Caroy a remand was granted un til to-day, bail boing allowed, neensod in JCIO and two sureties of £5 each or one surety ofXlU. . Mr. Northcott, tho founder and loader of tho Working Uoys Urigado and Home, is on Gympio with his ' instructors and school of arms,' and will givo a military display of arms, in which every weapon of defence will bo usod, in tho Thoutio Itoyal on Thursday. It will bo for tho benefit of tho Brigade, and at its conclusion olforts will bo mado to re organise tho Uympio branch of tho Brigade. Miss Gortrudo A. 1'yrroll is gazattod assistant teacher in tho Central State school for girls and infants at Gympie. The Brisbane Star (a ladins' papor,) says 'if there is ono virtue which to,i,.,ii uumiros more than another it is courage, and in that regard it will bo long boforo Queensland woinon forget thoir debt of gratitude to Sir Charles Lilloy, Dr. Taylor, Dr. Little, and Alderman Clark, who alono of all tho numbers who hud been asked to speak on their platform accepted thoir invitation, and in the face of tho public declared their conviction that it was right that' women should have a share of electoral power. Mr. Chas. Powers. M.L.A., likewise'expressod his opinion that it was desirable to form an association, but he had not the courage of his convictions, and whon invited by tho provisional committee to speak for thorn at their public mooting, wrote, ' That though his sympathies wore with them ho could not speak for them at a public mooting.' A Warwick telegram, dated Saturday, Btatos that tho dairying industry iu that district is going ahead, and Messrs. Donham and Reid paid upwards of .£700 for milk supplied last month to their factories. Tho farmers are entering heartily into the work of improving their herds and pastures, and it is expected that next year tho milk supply will be double the present quantity. Queensland's coming crop of sugar is estimated at between 99,700 and 107,250 tons. A Urisbano cyclist has ridden 100 miles on tho Exhibition ground track in 6 hours 47 ininutos 10 seconds. ? About 0 o'clock last Friday night a little boy, named William Summers, aged 0 years, son of Joseph Summers, bricklayer, Mary-street, Ipswich road, near Brisbane, was in company with another boy who was chopping wood whon Mb foot came in tho way of tho axe. and tho great too and tho next on one foot wero cut off. Ho was takon to tho hospital about 8 o'clock, ami up to tho present is reportod to be doing well. — Telegraph. At a meeting of tho executive of tho Control Queensland Racing Association hold at Rockhampton on tho Oth instant, a letter was received from tho North Queensland Association to co-oporato with thom in their endeavour to put down sweep consultations, which they stated wero ruining racing. It was decided to ask the North Queensland Association for further information. Mr. Tozer has abandoned his Now Zealand trip, and like a truo native of New South Wales will trust to the pure Blue Mountain air to restore his health. Tho goldoK trowol presented to Premier Dibba lost week when he laid the keystone of the splendid premises the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York are build ing in Sydney cost £200. No nows has boon obtuinod in connection with tho mystorioua disappearance somo weeks ago of Mr. Mountford, the Now South Wales chemist. A search party is being organised to more thoroughly search the bush between Kogarah and Sans Souci. A groat sonBation has boon created among Sydney trade unionists and among the Typographical Association,, which is the strongest trade organization in the colony, by a report that thirty compositors in the Sydney Daily Telegraph office have received a month's notice, as the directors intend in troducing rypo-sutting machinery in the establishment. Tiie ' Linotype,' ib is pre sumed, is the machine that will be intro duced, there boing now 1000 of them in use by 160 of the largest newspapers in America. The speed of these machines varies con siderably in different offices, according to the ability of the operators, but, taking the average of good and bad worknion per month it is equal to 4,000 ems per hour for eooh machine, whilo there are somo offices in which it has reached as high as 6,500 ems por hour. Two big hotels are already going up at Wyalong, tho name of tho latest gold dis covery in New South Walos, and 50 applica tions for publicans' licenses have been sent in. Tho ruah to Wyalong is increasing. Many diggers are going to tho field proporly equipped. Experienced minors believe that AVyalong will prove essontially a ' poor man's 'field.' At tho Wentworth Proprietary Mine, at Lucknow, a miner named Denis Callanan. after giving the ' all right' signal at tho 300 feet level looked over tho side of tho skip and his head striking the timber his neck was dislocated. This makes the sevouth fatal accident within eighteen months on tho Lucknow mines. Writing about that marvellous color pro ducor, coal-tar, a writer in Longman's Maga zine reminds us that it is only thirty-six years ago Porkin ' gathered up the frag ments' in coal tar and produced tho beauti ful mauve dye. Now, from tho greasy material which was considorod useless, is produced madder, which makes coal-tar worth XlOO a ton. This coloring matter alono now employs an industry of two mil lions storling por annum. Ono ton of good cannel coal, distilled in gas retorts, leaves twelve gallons of coal-tar, from whioh aro produced a pound of benzine, a pound of toluono, a pound and a half of phenol, six pounds of naphthalono, asmall quantity of xylono, and half-a- pound of anthracono for dyeing purposes. According to lioscoo, thoro aro sixtuuu distinct yellow colors, twelve orange, thirty rod, fifteen blue, sovun groen, and nine violet, besides a numbor of browns, and au infinite awraljor, tf Wwding8 of aJl shades, * 'Ihroo Australian records wottM^Sr^ at, tho rocont clinmpiotmhip nthlotic n !'^ in Dunodin. M'Cormnck thrniv llw.i ^'R? 100ft. ; Sin. which is lift. 8in. furth nmni«t tlio previous rocord liold by hiinsalf ? \ *'la.11 reduced tho record for tlio Ono M!i 'a'1 fromOmin GOsoc to Omin 52 2-58(.n ,„?. ,V|* dulsen cloarod 21ft lin in tho'lnL ,Moi-- boating the record by lmlf nn inch. ''P- Cigarette smoking by boy* hag b sonous ovil in San Francisco and 8 tho loading newspaper tlioro haa f ° ot ?'Tho Boys' Anti-Cigaretto uL*S?* ondoavour to check tho habit pfe i *° abstain from cigarotto smoki'tii; \iMu\l° signatory is of ago hav., 'boor f pCn8 ' ovory school in tho city, and tlio bn ' invited to subscribo to them. Tho P u° School Dopartmont is supporting nio crusado in overy way, and tonchors hail I, hkoly to romovo one of thoir moat sor!mM obBtaclec in teaching. Hut tho ci.'arntf ?' San Francisco (says tho tVc,lmin,& (£„»? is something very different from what ?* in London. In all tho largo e'^18 Amorican cities, it seoms, ' ptoplo an k m picking up old stumps of cigars, clS11' ' quids of tobacco, «fcc, from tho gutj, °? from ealoon cuspidoros. This rufuTo , i ing with filth and pregnant with mdim3 disease, is dried nnd prepared by cv men. It iB in instructive siijht to bm of theso much-despised Coloatials Btandhf' barefooted in 6 barrol of stumpa and S? stamping down tho moBa with hi8 barn f. t! spitting as ho stampe.' This beat* ti ' Whitochapel ' rtal Uavana' brand hollow An American Stor*. — Mr And ' ; Lang and othor converts to a fi in ghosts (writos the London corrosnonZ!! of the Rockhampton BM-Mn\ have fm, w'1 for investigation provided for thenTbVl story rolatfld in a PhiladoliJa panor ? lady in that city, a member of « £ f£l(i * importance in tho history of ??),„ aJl: '? had a twin brother who was m^i,,'?! fortune in Now Zealand. One' nJj, . lately, the fltory.coos, tho lady wCfff5 sUrronndod by fnenus, wl.oo aU au oJ. B gave a piercing cry, and, placing hor hV&£ to hor side, fell fainting to tho floor. Ob reviving she declared that she had b«ea Bitddonly stabbed just abovo the heart and under tho left arm, indicating tho spots She was nBsurod that sho was lttbourinj : under tho purost imagination, but was hard to convince that this was tho case, so plainly had she folt tho knife enter her bod/ That night a little daughter was bom to her, and tho child was found to bo marked on tho places indicated by tho mother ai tho wounds she hod imagined. Newatocn afterwards arrived that hor brothor had been killed, stabbed by a native in the place where she had felt the wounds. Thii is the Corsican brothers ovor again, and, i| on investigation the account proves true it need scarcely be added that it iaanofr curonce which will infinitely strengthen- ' go far to confirm, indeed— bolicf in tele. ? pathy. ' ~-; ?;? How to Injure Your Town.— Oppose to. provomonts. Mistrust its public moo. Bon it down to strangers. Go to some other town to trado. Refuse to advertise. Do not invest a shilling; pay out your money aomc^ where olso. Be particular to decry the motivos of spirited men. Lengthen your face when a stranger thinks of locating in it If a man wants to buy your property aak him its outside value. If he wants to bnj anybody olso's intorfore and discourage him. Refuse to see tho merit in any scheme that does not directly benefit you. Always evince a jealous spirit against your zealous and moro prosperous townsmon. 