AMUSEMENTS. This evening Mr. H. J. Whitfcingfcon, who for many years has occupied the position of treasurer at the Theatre .Royal, will be accorded a complimentary benefit on the occa sion of his severing his connection, with the theatre. Popnlarly known as "Dick," Mr. Whiooington by his genial disposition and courteous demeanor has made a host of friends, and a bumper bouse should reward the efforts of those in charge of the benefit arrange ments. A capital programme has been arranged, which will include dramatic, vocal, and terpsiehorean items, the opening performance b-ing Brough ton's charming little comedy "Written in Sand," which will be presented by the Thespian Dramatic Club. Miss Guli. Hack, A.R.C.M., will sing "O hush thee, my baby," and Miss Lucy Stevenson " Rose soltiy blooming." Mr. Beaumont Read will give "Sweet chiming bells" with orchestral accompaniment, Mr. A. Duncan "Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee," Mr. Norman Malcolm "Thelast watch," and Mr. W. B. Warner will contribute eomio songs. Miss Edith Roberts will introduce the graceful skirt dauce trom " Immomeena," and Mr. J. Morley will recite Clement Scott's " Charge of Iiassassin," with illustrative effects. The members of the Adelaide Deutacher Turnvorein, under the direction of Mr. Hugo Leschen, will give an exhibition of Indian club swinging with limelight effects, and the entertainment will conclude with Maddiaon Morton's farcical comedy, "Pepper poo's Pecs," in whioh Mrs. Eyvie Dench will introduce a song. Mr. W. R. Pybus will officiate as accompanist during the evening, and a crowded house is confidently expected. " Waterloo" is still receiving a large amount of patronage, the attendances yesterday being again large and appreciative. Visitors will have butt few opportunities of seeing the pro duction of the shadow of Napoleon, as the last nights are announced. Mr. Seott Barry has forwarded to us a photograph of "Napoleon's Ghost," who mystifies the public nightly at the Cyelorama of " Waterloo." The "illusion" is somewhat substantial as presented by the photographer, but nevertheless it is an ad mirable piece of work. The posing of the "ghosb" is similar to other representations of the great original, while the general "make up" of the "disembodied spirit" is truly ex cellent. The original Australian drama " The Squatter's Pardon" was again presented in the presence of a large and enthusiastic audience at the Bijou Theatre on Thursday evening, when Mr. Walter Bentley and the Garrick Dramatie Club again gave every satisfaction. The comic interlude " Ib Marriage a Failure," in which Mr. Walter Bentley and Miss Mary Bancroft subsequently appeared, also met with hearty acceptation from these in front of the curtain, the performers meeting with loud and enthusiastic applause. The same programme will be presented thiB evening, when his Ex cellency the Lieutenant-Governor and the Mayor of Adelaide have promised to attend. 