An Ancient Dressmaker's Bill. Egypt has been callpd ' the land of surprises.' Year after year the explorers in the Nile land bring to light some new and startling examples of art, re vealing to us the astonishing character of the early civilisation of the Egyptians. Egypt has 'now a rival in the sister civilisation of ancient Chaldea^ Although in art Chaldea is far behind the land of the Nile, especially in the art of painting, the restoration of' the early civilisation, and the perfect picture which' OBVEBSE. 31EVEESE. we can form of the life and manners and customs of the people, is almost as complete as that which we can restore of Egypt in the Pyramid age. Tl e startling feature of the* discoveries resulting from the decipherment of the cuneiform inscriptions has been the numerous details of popular life which are ac cessible to us. The little clay tablets notonly con tain the record of kings and princes, but even of the poorest of the people, Blaves and beggars. In so great a literary land as Chaldea every transaction, no matter how small, was recorded in writing, and thus we have many details of transactions which would otherwise have been for ever lost. Among the documents which have been discovered is a tablet which may be well called '' the oldest dressmaker's ? bill in the world.' It was . the custom of the Babylonian kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the use of the priests and priestesses. This was usually done every year, aud we have many oi these lists in the British Museum. The oldestliitherto known has been that of a king, about 1450 B.C. There are several of a later period, but the. document before ub is far older than, any yet found. The tablet, which is of limestone, was discovered in the ruins of the temple iu the city of N-pur in Southern Chaldea. This temple was dedicated to the ghost god, and had a very large priesthood attached to it. From the style of the writing, which is extremely archaic, and from tie curious system of numerals employed, the tablet cannot be of later date than 2800 b.c. * It contains a list of 92 vestments which were presented to the temple by the king. The name of the kiug is un fortunately not given. The end of the tablet reads : ' In all 92 pure vestments, the bill [list] of the temple for the priests this year.' Many of the words are unknown to * us, as they are, no doubt, many of them technical terms employed by the modistes of the period. Some of the lines, however, are of particular in terest—those that can be satisfactorily deciphered. Among the items are '-Twelve white robes of the temple, eight robes of the house of his lady, ten collars of the house of his lady, ten pure gold collars, two wide robes.' One item of especial interest occurs near the end : 'Four scented robes.' Th:s reminds us of the passage in Psalm xlv., speaking of the robes redolent of ' myrrh and aloe3 and cassia.' It was, no doubt, the custom of Babylonia to per fume the robes, as it is to this day iu Persia and India. Another item is also illustrative of Eastern life : ' Two Winders,' probably scarfs used for binding round the waist. This document has like wise an additional value in showing us the great development wh:ch had taken place in the textile arts in Chaldea even at this early period. The decora tions on the statues of Gudea (is.c. 2800), the em broidered fringes show that the skill of the weaver and the embroiderer were far advanced ; and it is a curious feature to notice that nearly all the attempts at decorative work in early Chaldea are iu patterns which are derived from textile designs. — St. Chad B. (in the Queen). 