ISO ROBE VHEI ? by d. garcia. " You're never surprised at anything, eh, lad? Well, X used to say the same until — — Bat there, suppose I tell yaa the story. " If s nigh on twelve years ago tbat the event Tm going to relate to you occurred, but the re collection of itis as fresh in my mind as though it had only happened yesterday. "At that time I was acting as private trainer to Squire Alton, and a better, kinder, ortaruer-he&rted; English gentleman I sever wish to see. Things had gone very had with us all that season, and I knew that the equite, who was a heavy bettor, must have dropped it to a tidy tune, but I had no idea matters were as queer as tbey were. However, I was soon to find out. " I was sitting in my snuggery one evening, musing gloomily enough over our past non- success, and despondently wondering if the luck ever would change, when & rap came at the door, and in response to my mechanically ottered Come in, there entered the squire himself. " To say I was surprised is but to give a faint idea of my astonishment, lor I had thought him in London, two hundred miles away. He smiled as he walked across the room to greet me — such a wan, weary smile it was, too, the mere ghost of his old-time jo. viality. 4 You didn't expect to see me, did you, Brown ?' he said, as we shook hands. 4 Bat I there, I know you did not. Yon won't be j surprised, however, when I tell you my reason j for coming. Just give me a brandy and soda, j and Fll explain all about it. I " He emptied the glass at a gulp, i " Now," he said, as he put it down, 1 let's get to business. In the first pl&oe;, what should you think Vixen could win the Larkshire Cup with ?' Eleven stone seven,9 I answered promptly. "Right,' he said; 4and I think so too. Well, here' — and he drew a dip of paper from Mb pocket-hook — 1 are the weights, andsheh&B; only eleven stone to carry. 44 4 Why, squire," I cried, eagerly, 'it's a moral— that is, of course, if you ride your self.' " Oh, I shall ride her, never fear;' and he added, grimly, 'I've too much at stake to be out of that. For a few moments he remained silent, goring sadly Into the fire ; then he spoke again. 41 ' Brown,' he said, (I daresay you're wondering what on earth I wanted to leave town for simply to bring these weights down, when you might have seen them for yourself in a few hours time. But that is not alL X have something else to tell yon. As you know, I've been losing heavily all the season, and the defeat of Red Boy last week was a fair facer. Raring debts, though, I might have managed, hut yesterday I received the news that a mine in which I held an enormous number of shares is practically worthless. To cat a long story short, the plain foci is that I'm on the verge of nun, and but one chance is left me of extricating myself from my difficulties. The Larkshire Gap I must win, and Vixen is the mare that must do the trick.' 41 She can, and shall,' X exclaimed, ex citedly. u Well, I hope so,' he said, quietly— not so much for my own sake, as for hers;' and I saw a tear steal slowly down his cheeks. "I knew whom he meant. Two great troubles it had been the squire's fata to battle with during his lifetime. The first had come years and yean before, when his twin brother, to whom he was passionately attached, had disappeared, and never since been seen or heard of. The second was the death of his wife, who, dying in child-birth, had be- qneathed hxm as a heritage of love. Alice, his igoldmh&3red,;VilQB-eyed daughter. -31 was of .aulas a gambler lie could raefthe "Wow ; but that fshe — bis dealing, too core of Ins heart Ah, I understood how he felt just then. -'Long through the night — far, indeed, into the early hoots of the morning— we eat in earn eel conversation, discussing the plan of campaign, and when at length the squire took hie leave, there was even a trace of the by gone light-heartedneBS in hie ' Good-bye, Brown; we shall weather the storm yet.' " You can imagine mine was a pretty anxious time dating the next month. Luckily, Vixen for once was inclined to have a long spell of good temper, and eo progressed in her training all that oonld ho desired. Boring the last week the squire came down to put her through her winding-up gallops, and her ladyship fairly delighted ns both. '"We shall do it, Brown,' said he, on the morning before the race, as we watched the stable-lad lead her away; 'shell win in a canter to-morrow. I shall ran np to town this afternoon and have another 'monkey' on. Might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb.' "It was a glorious day, and as I cantered towards the course, even the knowledge of what was at stake failed to slay my rising spirits. "I thought to have found the Bquire there, hut not seeing him, I strolled into the ring to hear how the betting was going. Vixen was second favorite, the leading posi tion on the lists being held by Good Lad, a clever chaser, I knew, and only animal I believed to threaten danger. 'The big event was set for three o'clock, and half an hour before that time I made my way towards the paddock for the purpose of putting the finishing touches npon the maze. " I had still seen no signs of toe equire, and certainly felt somewhat uneasy, bat no thought of any accident entered my mind. Scarcely had I entered, however, when I saw a tele graph boy approaohing, and in another moment I had torn the message open and knew the truth. "Paps dangerously fll,' it said. 'Get another jockey. "That was all; but it was enough, I tell you, to completely stun me for the time being, 'Get another jockey! Where? In her bad fits Vixen was a Bhe-devu. With the equire ehe seldom belied Uer name, bat in Che handset' a stranger she was & mad horse. Xdkeoneina dream I walked over to where the lad was lead - her round. "'IPs all up, Dick,' I said, while the lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger and bigger; ' the squire's ill — can't ode— and " "t stopped suddenly, as I caught the ex pression on my listener's face. Bis eyes were starting from their sockets, - and his whole expression was one of frightened surprise. With en exclamation of impatience, I turned on my heel, and then I, too, stood rooted to the spot with astonishment, for there, in front of me, looking like one just risen from the dead, wbb he whom, but a few moments before I had believed to he lying dangerously ill, pefhaps dying, miles and miles away— the aquzce himself ! Squire Alton! IgaspecL "He made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, tin awful pallor of Ids face shown up all the themore viviflty bjtoe bright btaeofhiBxacnig- jacket— for he wasfollj equipped for rifling— he stood for more than a minute like a statue of stone. Suddenly a convulsive riiudder egitsted his limbs, and then, hiB countenance stiff wear ing the name expressionless store, he strode riowly past me towards Vixen, swung timrif into fie muMIs, and cantered awuar to the starting poet, ' . l"Wbat <Ufliiiaean? Here Inmy hand lay thetetegram telling me of his fffnww, aad ydt, not three hundred yards away, X could see him, Inthe dear old Alton colors, ritting Vixen with flseufununlkisrwedl Waalmad or; Jlrrfirtfngf . Ayntcbedlha Halfl ,ps fiey drew catohns, towtteflagfidrwii&1heywcBetiJ&-. . "Aefaff fctt'of country w fig Tsukwhire Cap course— three miles and a half njarlv of genuine hunting plough, ditch, wood and water. Something in red shot out from the rest as they landed in a line over jthe first obstacle, and made tho running in advance of the favorite; King Tom, a niching chestnut, coming third, and Vixen next. / « By the stand, the first time, the order of the leading quartet was unchanged, brithe rest of the Arid had dropped back, and wex evidently already out of it. Half way through jhe plough , the second time, the leader came lack to bis horses clean pumped out, Good Lad bow going on first, with King Tom next, and Vixen snaking along third, a couple of lengths behind. "The next jump, a double post and rails, proved fatal to the chance of King Tom, he over-jumping and coming a fearful cropper. There were now hut a few small fences between that and the water, and my heart gave a throb of hope as X saw the beautiful long, low action of Vixen take her stealing up to the quarters of the favorite. "Fifty yards from the crucial test they were neck and neck. I saw the squire sit down to ride; I saw the brilliantly-tinted jackets rise in the air ; there was a wild yell from a multitude of throats, and as Vixen came cantering np the straight alone, I knew it was all over — Good Lsd was down, and tha cup was all our own ! 41 With a cry of delight X turned towards the j weighing-room. " I had some little distance to go, and as I reached the entrance I met the equire coming out. "'So it has come off!' I cried- 'I knew it would. "He never Bpokn. With the same rigid expression upon his face as it had worn before r the race, his eyes staring into vacancy, he brushed past me, and in another moment had mingled with the crowd and disappeared- " It was beyond my comprehension, and until the mystery was unravelled I could sot rest. By the next train I went up to town, and pro ceeded to the squire's residence. I asked for his .daughter She came, a look of intense anxiety upon her features. " 4 Well, she said, how is ft? Have yon won ?' Won! I repeated, with surprise. 'Why, haven't you heard ? Of course we have. Vixen came home alone, and the sauire never rode & finer race in his life." 44 The squire!" shecried, astonished in her " Yes,' I said; 'but I couldn't make him out. He never spoke a word to me all the time he was on the course,' u< The equire!' she again repeated. 'Impos sible! Why, papa is lying ill at this very moment in his room. He has never left hiB bed since early this morning !' "But X tell you'— — I commenced, and then snddenly stopped, while for the second time that day I almost donbted my own sanity, for the door had been noiselessly opened, and there, just inside the room, stood Squire Alton looking his old-time self indeed, the ruddy bronze of vigorous health on his cheeks, and his eyes as keenly bright aa of yore. "Fer a few moments he stood, evidently enjoying our astonishment ; then his voice broke the spell : 44 Do not be afraid,' he said ; and sow I noticed that the of his tones differed from my old master's. Iam no ghost, yet neither am I Squire Alton. Bat sit down, young lady, and yon, sir, and -I'll explain the mystery fully. " Mechanically we obeyed, and he followed suit. 44 And now,' he said, addressing Miss Alton, 4 did you never hear of your father's twin brother — your Uncle George P' 44 4 Why, yes,' said Miss Alton, 4 many times. But surely you are not ' "'He. Indeed, but I am. listen. Eighteen years ago I left home— why, it matters not— but from that day to last week not a single soul around the whole place has knows my where abouts, or if I were alive or dead. I had never thought to sei foot on England'e shores .again, -f atraylipraefl Itsfflf Cut ptace, s"hli ago! landed at 'home, sweet homers once more. 44 I had first intended to see the squire, my brother immediately, but a few chance words I heard dropped at my dub caused me to change my Hie words I refer to gave me a faint idea of my brother's position, and hy dint of judicious inquiries I was soon in posses- tion of the facts of the case. I knew that un less Vixen woo, the squire was ruined beyond all redemption. 41 Toor papa !r murmured his daughter. 44 'Well, X had, unknown to my brother, watched him on several occasions, aod I saw that bis nerves were Being gradually wrought into such a state of tension that they might snap at any moment, and a Berious illness result. A-nfmipiKtig, therefore,- some such thing fum occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly. To secure my qualification as a gentleman rider was easy enough. Years in the Bad die out West has made me a horseman with few equals. I knew every inch of the Larkshire Cup course from experienced gained as a boy. Tim difficulty was Vixen. If ehe cut up rough it was all over. However, to some extent I smoothed away that trouble. Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been in the Alton service since when a lad. To him I went, revealed my identity, and stated my plan. He fell in with it at once, and through his instrumentality I had a few half-houn in the mare's company, that put us on the beet of terms with each other. So, when this morning the blow fell which I had feared all along, I had everything in train for operations. The rest you know. I rode Vixen, arid I don't mind saying that a mote comfortable ride I never had. in my life. Mine was a wild act, hut it came off' " 4 But your awful whiteness?' I cried, still doubting. " He laughed. 4 Oh, I didn't " storm bams" for a couple of years with a dramatic company without learning bow to 41 make up," So now yon know the whole story, and all there is to do is to tell the squire of Vixen's victory— it will do him more good than physic, I'll be bound — and then, immediately he's well enough, well all go down to the old place to- getherri. "And this was done. The load of anxiety once removed from his mind, SqoirerAltott_ wteaaay improved— dy at'being re-united to his brother materially helping him on to re covery—and In a few weeks' time he waa about again, as weUand hearty as ever. . "Now, what I wish to say is this i Xf vou are never eurprised at anything, I'm not ashamed to confess that a more astonished man never breathed than 'yours truly the day he solved ihe mystery as to Who rode Vixen ?' " — 44 Weekly Budget,9 