The Musical World. An American journal prints translations of a popular song, the words and music of which will be familiar to all who have listened to a performance of Gilbert and Sullivan's "Pinafore." The Irish and Chi- nese translations might take the shine out of Volapuk. In "Pinafore" Buttercup sings: I'm called little Buttercup, dear little But- tercup, Though I could never tell why, But still I'm called Buttercup, poor little Buttercup, Sweet little Buttercup I. In German Man nennt mich kleine Butterblume, liebe kleine Butterblume, Obwohl ich nie gewusst warum, Doch nennt man Butterblume mich» arme kleine Butterblume, Susse kleine Butterblume, ich. In French On m'appelle petit Jaunet, cher petit Jaü net Mais pourquoi je n'ai qas une idee. Mais néanmoins jo m'appelle Jaunet, pauv- re mignon Jaunet. Doux petit Jaunet, moi! In Italian Io sono chiamato piccolo Ranuncolo, caro piccolo Ranuncolo, Quantunque io non abbia mai potuto dime il perche, Ma io sono sempre chiamato Ranuncolo, povero piccolo Ranuncolo, Soave piccolo Ranuncolo, io. In Spanish Mo Hamo Copita de Mantequilla, pequeña Copita de Mantequilla, Sin saber nunca porque Con todo soy Copita de Mantequilla, pobre Copita do Mantequilla, Carita Copita de Mantequilla, Yo. In Irish Oim called little Buthercup, dayer little Buthercup, Though oi could niver till whoy; But shtill oim called Buthercup, poor little Buthercup, Swate little Buthercup, oi. In Latin Nomeu mihi Ranuncula, dilecta Ranun- cula, Nominis rationem hujus mehercle nesclo, Attamen sum Ranuncula, párvula Ranun- cula, Blandula Ranuncula ego. In Heathen Chinee Mi call lillee Buttlccup, dee lillee Buttle cup, Ailee same ml not nevel sabe why; But still my call Buttlccup, poo lillie But tlccup, Sweet lillee Buttlecup, mi. The late Dr. Hueffer, in his biography of Wagner, tells us that "At the age of 9 Wagner entered the Kreuzschule at Dres- den, where the family were then living, but his studies do not appear to have been over-successful. He lacked application. Too many interests divided his attention. Greek, Latin, mythology, and ancient his- tory ho mentions as his favorite subjects. In addition to this, he took lessons on the pianoforte, and played overtures and other pieces by the ear. But he refused to prac- tise, and soon his master gave him up as hopeless. 'He was right,' Wagner con- fesses; M have never learned to play the piano to this day.' Wagner is a virtuoso cn the orchestra, and there is a touch of contempt for the supplementary keyed instrument in this confession. In the meantime the boy set up for a poet on the largest scale. His study of Greek, and a slight smattering of English which he acquired for the purpose of reading Shalcs pere in the original enabled him to choose his models in the right quarter. A tre- mendous tragedy was the result; 'a kind of compound of "Hamlet" and "King Lear," ' Wagner calls it. 'The design,' he adds, 'was grand in the extreme. Forty two persons died in the course of the piece, and want of living characters compelled me to let. most of them re-appear as ghosts in the last act.' He was ll at the time." Wagner's biographer also points out the reasons which influenced and determined the great musician's choice of certain dra , matic forms and style. It has been men- tioned before that ho was led. to relinquish gradually the forms of absolute music in- troduced by earlier masters into the opera. Herc, again, his reformatory measures were at first entirely unpremeditated. He did not expel the Aria or Finale through any whim of speculative iconoclasm, but he merely discontinued using these forms as unadapted to the particular thing he wanted to express; that is, to put it quite plainly, his characters were of too impul- sive a kind to conform to the ordinary sequence of Largo and Allegro, his dra- matic action too forcible in its progress to be suspended, till tonic and dominant had had their due. The perfect reciprocity between his musical and poetical concep- tions has been explained by Wagner in so lucid a manner that I think I cannot do better than quote his own words on so im- portant a point: "The plastic unity and simplicity of the mythical subjects allowed of the concentration of the action on cer- tain important and decisive points, and thus enabled me to rest on fewer scenes with a perseverance sufficient to expound the motive to its ultimate dramatic con . sequence. The nature of the subject, therefore could not induce me in sketch- ing my scenes to consider in advance their adaptability to any particular musical form, tho kind of musical treatment being m each case necessitated by these scenes themselves. It could, therefore, not enter iny mind to engraft on this my musical form, growing as it did out of the nature of the scenes, the traditional forms of operatic music, which could not but have marred and interrupted its organic de- velopment. I therefore never thought ol contemplating on principle, and as a deli- berate reformer the destruction of the aria, duet, and other operatic forms, but the j dropping of these forms followed consis- tently from the nature of my subjects." According to the "Musical World" a writer, while endeavoring to fix the date of the first opera performed at Rome, has made a curious discovery. It appears that the first work of the kind was set by a certain Stefano Lando, and produced during the Carnival of 1634. The words were by Monsignor Giulio Rospigliosi; afterwards Clement IX. The pontifical librettist introduced amongst his charac- ters a saint, a papal nuncio, the devil, and angels. The theatre in which the per- formance took place was capable of hold- ing 3000 persons, and was constructed by Cardinal Barbering brother of th© reign- ing Pope, Urban VIII. The performance was in honor of the arrival at Rome of Alexander Charles of Poland. 