Local and Greneral. SEQUESTRATION ORDER.-On Friday in Sydney, a sequestration order was made in connection with the estate of George Cooper, Station-street, Penrith. Mr. L. T. Lloyd, Official Assignee. FOR THE SCHOOL CHILDREN,-Jackson's Upright and Vortical Copy Books, all numbers, as recom mended by the N.S.W. Educational Department; also, Federal, . Collins' Bound Hand, and Vere Foster's at TIMES Repository. . . MOLGOA COUNCIL.--An ordinary meeting of the above was held in the Mulgoa Hall on Thursday. There was very little business on the paper, and the only motions were for the appointment of Commit tees, .and the adoption of the revised Bye-laws LODPENHAM SHOW.-We are informed that in our list of prize nwards at the Luddenham show, Mr. E. Brnithwaitc should have been first, and Hon. G. H. Cox second for ther Ayrshire Heifer, 2 years'and under three, and for best boar, any breed, Mr. E. Braithwaite 1st and Bpecial, and Mr. B. G. Wallace 2nd. DENTISTRY.-Mr. J. I. Marshall, thej well kn6wn Dentist of Sydney, who, we hear, has been so well supported on his previous professional visits to this town, announces in this paper that be will now come on the 2nd and 4th Saturday of each month. Consulting Booms at the Bed Cow Inn as before. . . « BE VIEW.-We have received a copy of a little work entitled '. Do you know it.? If not, then you should," published by Saxon & Co. This is another volume of the,Everybody Library, and like the others it is neat, bandy, and full of information .on the : subjects ? and phrases found in newspaper and periodicals. It is the best book of the kind we . have come across. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.-Last .-Wednesday,"the | Bcvd. Mr. McKee inaugurated a Band of Hope in connection with the Presbyterian Church. There was, a very fair^ attendance,: and after .addres^e3 were given by Mr. McKee and Mr. Buckland, and a very well rendered dialogue by Misses Dickey and Dean, some 24 gave in their names 'ns members. The meetings will in future be held monthly; ; PRESBYTERIAN FELLOWSHIP ASSOCIATION, There was a fair attendance at the usual meeting of the Fellowship Association held in the Presbyterian Church, on Friday night. ? The principal item was the reading of an essay on " The Tree in Nature," by Mrs.'J. McKee, dealing particularly with those of New Zealand. Some items of a musical nature were contributed, and the meeting ended with the benediction. MILITARY EXAMINATION.-It is notified in a general order which has been issued from headquar ters that the following officers of the 3rd Infantry Begiment have qualified by examination under the syllabus of 1890 for the ranks stated : For captain : Lieutenant F. De Meyrick distinguished in (d) special certificate in (c) and (e)'; for lBt Lieuten ant, Leiutenant M. H. Cleeve, special certifi cates in (b), and (d), distinguised in (c), : OFF TO COOLGAKWE.-Last Saturday, several townsmen, including Mr. Bich, the proprietor of the Australian Arms, J. Corner, J. Marshall (the owner of the hurdle horse Merrigal), J, Bich, and another gentleman from Sydney, and Alderman T. Neale, leftfor Coolgardie, the gold field in Western Australia, From the accounts 'we have received the journey is not a very pleasant one, but we hope to shortly see the wanderers returning with any amount of the precious metal, for Penrith at the present is badly in need of it. "ALL BUT 1"-Last week a local syndicate of the knowing bnes had a good thing on at Canterbury Park, in fact it was so good that the firm Btood to win about about £200 altogether. Of course the pony was a " dead bird " and from the start he led into the straight and up past the grandstand, but .when within a couple of lengths of the post the rider looked round, giving another competitor a chance to slip in by a nose. To bo raised to such expectation and dropped into perdition was too much for human nature to stand and naturally the jockey enme in for plenty of abuse. ACCIDENT.-While engaged in feeding tlie saw at the saw-mill at Kingswood on Tuesday of last week, one of the workmen, well-known as " Old Davy," was knocked insensible by a piece of wood from the saw which, besides looseniDg a couple of teeth, broke the saw in pieces. A month or so ago a similar accident occurred to the same man, followed with exactly similar results. " KEATING'S POWDER " destroys BUGS, FLEAS. MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other inaeqta, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterm inating Beetles the success of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application, see the article you purchase is " KEATING'S,'* aa immitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in tins, 6d.t Is., and 2s. 6d. each, by all chemists. GOOD TEMPLARY.-On Monday night last, the local lodge of Good Templars held a social evening. There were a large number of visitors from* St. Marys, who joined with the local members in con tributing several musical items. At an interval in the programme, the company adjourned to the ante-room, where refreshments had been prepared. The company adjourned to the Hall, where the entertainment was continued, the enjoyable pro ceedings terminating at eleven o'clock, MUNICIPAL RETRENCHMENT.-After the ordin ary meeting of the Council held on Monday night, the aldermen met in the Council .Clerk's room and discussed the best method of retrenching in the expenditure. After some discussion it was decided that the (dayman, Mr. Field, be only kept on for three days per week; and that the Inspector of Nuisances be asked to consent to a reduction in his salary, and if he will not agree to this that he be dismissed for a few months. Athough the streets can ill afford the services of the daymen, and the straying cattle will deeply regret the absence of the Inspector, the financial position certainly demand something in this direction. OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE.-Mr. Lees, M.L.A. kindly forwards us the following:-Department of Lands, Sydney 20th February, 1894. 8ir, referring to your letter urging the revocation of Railway Reserve No- 170, Parish of Woolford, County of Cook, I have the honor to inform you that instruc tions are now in the hands of the Surveyor for a report as to the desireablenes3 of revoking the whole or any part of the Reserve and to suggest the way of dealing with any part which may be recommended for revocation. It is considered desirable to treat the matter comprehensively, and this cannot be done until the Surveyor's report shall have been received, when your request will receive attention.-I have the honor to be, etc., WILLIAM HOUSTON, Under SecnUry. "WHAT MEANETH ALL THIS."-In the Legis lative Council on Wednesday, Hon, G. H. Cox, moved that there be laid upon' the table of this House a return showing:-1. The amounts .advanced out of the Consolidated Revenue to the Municipal Council of Penrith, specifying to whom* paid, and on what accounts. 2. The amount ,qf interest, when last paid, and how much now due. 3\. The grants of money to the Council during the year 1893, specifying the purposes for which such grants were made, and how expended. 4. The sums granted to the Boroughs of Penrith and St. Marys respectively for the Bringelly Road. 6. The sums expended, and the amounts, if any, returned to the Treasury. The motion was agreed to, HE WILL NOT RETIRE.-The Castlereagh candidate, Mr.. Robert Shaw, is progressing favorab'y with his canvass, and has already secured 701 promises. This number ought to secure his return at the poll. ? One of the other candidates is said to. have offered to him half his first year's salary if he will only retire from the election, so that he may secure some of those 701 promised votes. But no, not for the whole year's salary, and a share in any company thrown in, would this gentleman turn back after receiving the pledges of some electors, whoso interests it will always be his pleasure to protect. M any more have also promised to support the candidate, so we may give tfte other candidates a friendly word by advising them to ?withdraw from a contest whioh can only damage their, pocket, and disappoint their expectations, HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-India putable Remedies.-In tho use of these mendica ments there need be no hesitation or doubt of their cooling, healing,, and purifying properties. The Ointment Btands unrivalled for the facility it displays in relieving, healing, and thoroughly curing the most inveterate sores find ulcers, qnd in o$ses of bad legs and bad breasts they act as a charm. The Pills are the most effectual remedy ever dis covered for the cure of liver complaints, diseases most disastrous in their effects, deranging all the proper functions of the organs affected, inducing restlessness, melancholy, weariness, inability to sleep, and pain in.the side, until the-whole system is exhausted. These wonderful Pills, if taken 'according to the printod directions accompanying each box, strike at the root of the malady, stimulate the stomach and liver into a healthy notion, and effect a complete cure. GOLD HUNTING.-It will-be remembered that some time ago several local residents out of employment, went up, west in search of the precious metal, but from what we glean from a communica tion received from one of the unfortunates, things do not look bright for the party. The letter Btates that a party of three of them took up a claiiq in Enfield paddock for a month, find at the epd of that period the three put together their earnings and found they actually had idwts. and p grains of gold, which is worth 15s-not bad for three men for four weeks. The others in the same locality are not earning <f tucker,'' Now the party is moving on to -some Crown land where they hopo to meet with better results. Our correspondent does not forget to mention that owing to tho numbor of black ants they can't get a wink of sleep unless they tar the legs of the bunks. " However," says he In eonolu< sion, "don't be surprised if you Bee Eome of us coming back some of these days with a little in our pockets." PRETTY STRAIGHT.-As the following telegram will show, Mr. Hindle, M.P. fcr Newtown, took the opportunity while filling the pulpit at Lithgow on Sunday, to slate his brother members :-Lithgow, Monday.-Preaching yesterday at the harvest thanksgiving at the local Primitive Methodist Church, Mr. Hindle, M.P. for Newtown, referred in strong language to the character of Parliament. A reform in our liquor and land laws he described as the chief necessities of our time. In the present Parliament the temperance party had been tricked, time after time, but what could he expect", he asked from a Parliament that contained some notorious drunken blackguards ? Some of the old-gang drunkards were putting up at the next election, and he warned people against them. He said shame on the man or men who would vote for a drunken, licentious brute because he held the same opinions on certain questions. Questions of character and honesty should come first. More religion was needed in politics, as well as more politics in religion. The door of political life should be closed for ever against such characters. He (Mr. Hindle) had been an eye-witness of so much drunkenness on the part of the old political clique that he felt it was time to express himself, and he did not care whether he was blamed or not. He declared that men could be made better by legislation which would improve their condition. If they had better men in Parlia ment-men of honest, clean, and sober lives-there would be a different state of public affairs. But now men foremost in framing their laws were also great in underground engineering, and in buying up votes. It was sickening to see these evil forces gathering together when anything good was attempted, and outwitting honest men. Society was to blamu for sending to Parliament men whose enormities would not bear examination. One of foremost members in Parliament had told him (Mr. Hindle) that ho could name three men in tho Assembly worse than any three who could be found in the country. He (Mr. Hindle) believed that, and he spoke these words in order to stir up a spirit of retribution from the people. On Wednesday in tho House, on'the motion oE Sir George Dibbs, Mr; Hindle'a speech received tho strong condemnation j of tho House, after which tho matter was allowed to drop. ' | THE BADGE CBICKET MATCHES.-A meeting of the Secretaries of the different clubs was held on Saturday night last, when the drawing for the remaining matches to be played in connection with the trophies were arranged, with the same result as on the previous occasion, viz.: Jamison town to play Penrith (which will be played to-day, commencing on Belmore Park at 2 p.m), while Emu will play the winner of the match. The final mast be played by the end of.March. MASONIC INSTALLATION.-On Saturday, Bro. Isaac Clyde was installed W. M. of the "Victorian Lodge of Freemasons, the installing Officer being P.M. Bro. Henry Wheeler. The following Officers were invested :-I.P.M., P.M. Bro. D. E. H. Morgan; S.W., P.M. Bro. Wm. Sibbald; J.W., Bro. J. C. BettiDgton ; Secretary, P.M. Bro. C. H. Prott; Treasurer, Bro. Y. Jones ; S.D., Bro. J. A. Southwood ; J.D., Bro. G. P. C. Spring; Organist, Bro. E. Chamberlain ; I., P.M. Bro. G. H. Cooper ; tyler, Bro. W. T. Anderson. There was a large attendance of visiting brethren, and the usual banquet followed the ceremony. SNAKES.-Just before thex Council meeting began at the Council Chambers on Monday night, the conversation turned on the subject of snakes and snake yarns, which, by-the-bye, have been very scarce this summer, although no doubt it is " due to the existing depression." At anyrate, on Friday, 9th instant, while a man was busily engaged on Mr. Lennox's faim at Gleumore, he came across a six feet-six snake, which he promptly and brutally murdered. Noticing the animal was more like a whale than a snake, it was opened, and no less than 21 young ones, each about 14 inches long, came scampering out in high glee. This circumstance led to a lively five minutes, but they were all dis patched. This is about the largest number of animals ever found inside another in this district, j However, another Alderman recollected killing a ' snake and getting 20 young ones out of it, but these were only three or four inches long. The Clerk then disturbed the harmony of the gathering by beginning to read the minutes, and the Alder men tackled the cutting down of expenditure instead of the cutting up of snakes. SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI ExxyaSyr. In protection of the world-wide faap^^^manu facture has acquired all over 'publish the following :-Hazard, General Pathology and diseas^^^^^^ptadV<thd Nervous System, says in published in the Clinical Recor«lf^^»e^jjifo examined half-a dozen speoimoiJ^jp£?Hy^rfent manufactures ; the preparfttionj^ijjfvndei'-aiid Sons was the only one that provajdE'tb-'lxivrcll'ablc and corresponding to soientificjpSst<?'5.? >Another concoction called " Re fined BS^Cji iof-Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance sSupl^J^is product stands, according to Dr. Ow^^b&taost; in causing injurious cffects, That gdjPupfian communicates at a meeting of the $Tedical Society of Victoria, that a child living at 1Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered cruelly from the effects of the same concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we feel waranted in exposing the above facts, and desire the public to exercise care and precaution when buying. SANDEB & SONS,-(Advt.) MOBE TRAMP ADVENTURES.-Things are now beginning to be a little lively with the tramps on the road, who, no doubt, aro a little desperate when hunger begins to make itself felt. On Monday night while three young fellows were chatting near the reservoir, they noticed a tramp approach and then stand a few moments watching them. All at once he whistled, and two others popped out of an adjacent bush. ThiDgs looked suspicious, so the youths moved on. But no sooner had they done so than the three individuals behind also started after them, one of them picking up a batten on the road. Naturally enough those in front took to their heels, doing the first hundred yards in IB seconds so they say, while their friends behind came after them like three steam engines. On the journey, one of the pursuod slipped down a bye street, and his mates, reaching the home oE one of them, leaped straight over the pallisading and were in doors as white as ghosts in less time than it took to tell us about the matter. Seeing the birds flown the three wander ers turned right about and ran back over the bridge just as quickly as they had come. The lads will not stand at that corner for some time to come, GETTING OLD.-The cable received early this week, announcing that Mr. Gladstone is threatened with . blindness, by reason of a cataract which will obliterate one eye, while the other eye is thought to be similarly affected, reminds one tha [ the life of the rqan \yho has been the foremos figure in British politics for half a oentury, is fast drawing to a olose. With his characteristic energy i and pluck, wbich would have fittingly beoome a I leader in by-gone days, he wishes to undergo an operation and either regain his former sight or loose it altogether. No matter what occurs he never thinks of resigning the position which entails so much work, and the sacrifice of the leisure which a man of his years should be enjoying ; but he sticks to bis post, works and manages with the thorough ness that has so long been the pride of the Liberals, and the dread of the Conservatives. If it v?aw not generally known that he is q£to^ ui'ged an,d asked in his own private oirolQ to, attend his duties in the House, qr he \yould dov^tless lend the life he has always desired-the life o,E a scholar-it \yould at onse be t^id that he was aspiring and ambitious. But recognising h}s superiority to other men, and seeing \yhat he considers the faults and cqfilndmin-. jstratiqn of apposing political factions, there is little doubt that so long as he hreathes and has the opportunity, he will occupy the position which he feels it his duty to fill in tho interests of his fellow men," 