A BITTER DEBT. ' ? A TALE OF THE BLACK COUNTRY. By ANNIE S. SWAN. CHAPTER XXVIII. ? ? ',- ? WHAT HE SAID. . ihe unfortunate accident, causing so ? much unhappiness, befell the Justice 011 Friday, the night of the election. Har _? dress was arrested on the following Tuesday, and, after examination, was remanded to the Friday potty Bessions. ? The interval, of course, he exoocted to . .spend in Darebridge Gaol, a very ex cruciating experience for a proud spirited, high-minded, innocent man. On Wednesday the Justice spoke. He was t,very weak and dazed all the morning, but slowly gained strength; and full consciousness of all that happened came i 1 back to him by degrees. He did not '^appear anxious to talk at first, nor did .Fanny, who watched by him, encomage him at all, though she was very curious and anxious about the issue of what he ..might say. Towards four o'clock, when . 'he had partaken of some nourishment, and was strengthened accordingly, he looked his- niece rather penetratingly in ., the face, and asked a question. V' How long have I been lying here, Fanny?' ? ? ' Since Friday night, uncle. This is 1 Wednesday,' she replied at once. ' Very nearly' a week, You have given us all , a great fright, I assure you.' ' Nearly a week. It was a nasty fall. I remember all about it now. The elec- ? tion's over, isn't it ? Am I in 1' ' Oh, yes,' replied Fanny, readily. ? : 'A big majority, uncle. I really for get the figures; but somewhere about Bix hundred.' The ghost of a smile flitted across the pallid face ot the member for West Warnshire, ' That's good,' he said, with evident satisfaction ; then, somewhat to Fanny's .disappointment, he closed his eyes] again and went to sleep. The circum- ; stances of his accident, whatever they were, did not appear to interest him very much, and she was too caieful of the doctor's orders to open up a theme . which might excite him too much. She ? . determined, however, to ask Mr. Donne whether next day it might be permis ?? sible to question him a little regarding ? the occurrence of the election night. Thrn Pris came into the room, and the two girls conversed together by the window, so as not to disturb the sleeper, Mr. Donne having assured them that sleep was his surest restorer. The Jus tice, however, was not quite so sound os to be oblivious of what was passing ; and in the evening just before the nurse . came to take up her post for the night, ? he spoke to his niece. ' That was Pris in the 100m, wasn't it, Fanny V he asked with interest. ' Yes, uncle. She's been stopping with me since Saturday, helping to nurse you,' she replied, with a meaning little smile, He looked both surprised and pleased. . .' 'That was very kind of her. I'd like to see her to talk to, perhaps to morrow, .Fanny, when I'm stronger. Is everything else going on right ?' f Yes, everything,', said Fanny, and it was on the tip of her tongue to tell him of Hardress's arrest ; but she feared the consequences and held her tongue, which said a good deal for her selfcon trol. Mr. Donne camo in about ten o'clock and professed himself highly ?delighted with his patient's condition, and prophesied a rapid recovery. He passed a good and quiet night, and there was a great and visible improve ment in tne morning. While the nurse went down to breakfast, Pris took her \- place, and sat very still by the window, thinking he slept again. But almost immediately he opened his eyes and spoke her name. 'Pris, that's you. Come over hero. 1 thank you for what you have done. Fanny has told me of your kindness.' Pris rose, feeling no embarrassment, ? and went to his bedside. She was too unhappy in her soul, too bowed down with the weight of her misery about the ' 'innocent man in Darebridge Gaol, to bestow much thought on the awkward ness of- the moment. ' I am glad to see you better, Mr. . Allkins ; I have done nothing — only stopped with Miss Fanny to keep her ? from fretting, ? It is she who has been kind to me.' All the compassion of her truly womanly nature was roused at the sight of. the prostrate man, whose face bore sad traces of the terrible shock he had received. 'That's just like you, Pris. You never would be praised, nor even take '? your due,' he said, admirably. 'All the same, I shan't forget it. I was \- awake a good deal in , the night, and I wanted to know a lot of things; but that strange nurse knows knows no thing, or pretends she does. Will you tell me what I want to know, Pris ?' ? 'If I can. Mr. Donne said we might answer questions, if you asked them, to keep you from worrying over things in 1 your mind, as it were.' ? ' Donne is a sensible chap — always thought a lot of him, and more than ever now. Well, what I want to know is how I got home from the brook that night. I don't remember anything about it.' ' They fetched you — Bill Bobbins and Kincott an' them,' replied Pris, paling slightly. 'It was Mrs. Bobbins found you; running to fetch Mr. Donne ' ~ to her baby.' 'Oh, just by the brook?' inquired tho Justice eagerly, yet without undue excitement, for which Pris was con scientiously watching. - ' Yes, close by the bridge, which was ? washed away by the fkod, you know,' she said quietly. ? ' ?- Was it, though ? Well, it was an ugly business, and might have been the death of me,' said the J ustice ; which speech did not convey anything definite to' Pris— certainly not what she was » dying to know. 'If you've been here, then you can't 'ave been at the factory, Pris,' ho snid then. ' But I daresay you'vo heard how they're getting on. Has Hardross been to ask for mo 1 Pretty civil, eh ?'' ' He came, sir, a good many times a day, until, until ? ' Iier mouth trembled, and she came to a sudden stop. ' Until what?'' ' Until thoy took him to Darebridge,' she said then, hurriedly ; and witnessing the signs of her disbteas, the Justice re garded her with tho utmost suspicion. ' Took him to Darebridge T' he re peated, in a puzzled voice. ' Who took liim, and what did they take him for 1' 'Tho police, for knocking you down, sir. Mrs. Bobbins heard. the quarrel, and I suppose told it. Oh, sir,' cricd the girl, forgetting that it was her duty to ward o(T all excitement, and throwing herself on her knees at the bedside, ' if he did in his anger strike a blow, for God's sake say the word to let him out of that cruel gaol; he never meant it, sir, he wouldn't hurt a fly, an' many, many will bless your goodness, sir. Oh, doit for pity's sake, for it's the sessions to-morro.v, an' maybe they'll send him to Worcester for the assizes.' The Justice lay still with a great wonder in his eyes. Slowly, however, tho whole case rose up clearly before him, and he understood ifc all ; ay, a thousand times more clearly than if it had been explained to him in many words. Still, however, he did not appear to be excited, only regarded the kneeling girl, with her upturned pleading face, and her great eyes luminous with passion and with pain. Ay, he understood it all, and something more ; he saw that the heart of Pris Woolridge had passed out of her keeping, far away from his possible winning. Given unaslred it might be, but certainly given, to Stephen Hardress. ' If he's in gaol, it ain't much more than he deserves,' he said harshly ; and ; Pris gave a little shudder. ' ' Oh, sir, be merciful !' she cried. ' I'll do anything, even marry you, if you ask me — only say the word to make him a free man. Say it was an accident, or that he did not meau aoy harm. I'm sure he didn't.' ' I'll think about it, Pris,' he said graciously ; and just then Fanny en tered the room. Looking from one to the other she saw at once that they had been talking of some unusual matter, and shook her head warningly at Pris, who, somewhat hurriedly, rose and left the room. (To be Continued.) 