A Sunday at Grand chester. OPENING OF NEW BOMAN CATHOIJC OBURCHB. ADDRESS BY IABOHBISHOP DUNNE. A LARGE GOATERBING. The opening of new BomanC?thollo Chorabh et Grandoheester was made a fitsing ocaseion of reij otlg among the members of tbhat denomina. btun on 8noday last. The Ipewioh adheranl of St. Mary'e Cbhuroh, who had reoeivaed many kmndnesses from their oo.religionists at Grand. oeater, took great inoterest in the metter, and a speoisl train was run from Iprloh to that township so a to give them (ond others) an opportunltyof attendlong the planing oersmony. The ev. A. Hoeran had bied himself to soame purpose in seeing that all arrangements were oomplete, and at 9 o'clook a train of nine carriages--tan oharge of driver M'nally, with she oourteoos T. Dwyer as guard-was din resdiness to start from the platform at Ipewioh. The antiipated nomberof passengers had beDn most judialonely gauged, for as the train atetmet out of the platform it wa waeltl filled. At seah of the stations along the line others were taken on board, end when Grandoheter was reahobed the orowd surged ot over the. green field in immense numbers. A oonat of ate rloker showed the number who landed st the Grndobehter staloten to be t8-r the great majority b'eing from Iplwioh. Among Ohsea were hise Graoes Arobbihop Donne, and the Reve. A. Horan sld M. Bran. The journey up bad been a mot agreeabie one, sad she verdant paddooko and growinrg orop along the route were pleasant to see. When Grandohester was reached there was a keen look-out for the new building, bat the eye had not far to searueb, as the sored ndifle st?ad. on what IJs nodoubtedly the obolno ite In the township. The toalt altar boys, with their sorplioeo and soesnes, met his Graoe at the plaform, and oonduated him to the ohurobh. he boys' aurplioes, coverad as thea were with very pretty purple capes, were very musb admiled during the day. They were m?de by the lit. Mary's Beanevolent 8coiesty, of Iptwioh, aed weoo generally oonsidered to be a gresst improvement on the old pattern. As many of the visitors as serats oould be found for were rooommodated with them, and the building was soop fi led with devout worshippersm. It .wa soon apparent, hpwever, that toe churoh had not been ereoted for emoh a speralo gather tog as habd mnet that day, and a targe propor tion of the people had to remain outaide. A very artistio altar had been tsstefull deorated with hoioes flowers, end the intbrior of the building was altogether decidedly attraotive. The impreusive bleassing and dedlation mer. vios were performed by hin Groea the Arh. bishop, aeitted by the Raevs. Boran and Bryan. The tle a under whioh the Cbharob was dedi. cated was that of "Oar Lady of the Most [Holy Roar." At the ooanolusion of the sereice, whioh was mcstly In Latin. Arobbishop Danne delivered an eloquent and impreesye address on the saujeot of the holy asoriroe of the muss. He asaid that if anyone were asked wbsat was the prinipal thing in that Catholio Ohoroh of theirs sa they left the building that day they should say the holy erorifloe of the massee. For everythog here on earth that ssorios fioe of the mass was the oeontre. As the heart sent the blood through the human esyrstem, vrifylog it-as the brain enlightened and direoted the nervous system so exactly from the holy sacrasfice of the mase ome the whole vivifying power of theCatholio Ohurob. It was well thse they should onder. stand this, berDne ido sny deadly etorggle theb enemy tried to aim at the heart, ?teo in the stroggle between Christianity and di enemies the aim had been prinaoipally at the holy saori floe of the maess. The mate nad everything cooneected with it were hateaul to theb peroeoutors-an abomination in the esight uf all who hated Catholioity. Henose, when Cromwell was outside the waells of Drogheda and the inhabstants aeked, amoog the different terms of capitulation, for the free' dom of their town, he sanid, '"If you mean the eaorifioe of the maess, we will not allow it." £bst wasee only one among thousands of in eranoes of hostility towards it. In sinety-nine oasea out of one hunodred, eouh hostility arose. not from hetred bht from miounderstanding. The people did not nderstanld what wa meant by it. Ads the holy aeprifa of tbhe mast was the prinoipal emblem of their belief he had thought to say a few words on whet it was to them in the charobh whioh they bhad erected. In the firat plsar, people had said that it wae not Sariptural, bhut every word that the priest said from the time he began mats till he con cluded it was taken from the inspired wrilinpe of the Bible. He began with the words wi;h whioh Christ oharged the apostles to bhepties all aione, ,"In the name\of the Father, the Boon, and the Holy Ghost." When the mass wac oished oand the priest turned to give the blessing it was the aire. Between the begin. ing and the ending every portion of the holby ensorifieeofthe mass was written in, and built up with, words taken from the moat nored part of the Bible. Thus when the priest turned around to give the holy oommenmon )he words he need as be elevated the bhco were the same as those in which John the Baptiet annonced the iedeemer to the people, *' Baehold the Lusmb of God, behold Him who takee away the mine or the world ;' when bhe chanted the "Gloria" be got the words he used from the lips of the oangels as ne ued when Christ was born in Bethlehem, "Glory be to God in the highest, peaoe on earth, goodwill towards man." The Chutch worked those words into a beautiful mess. The frst Psalm was the one which King Soloamo need when he wes moend. ing to consesorate the Temple at Jernealem, "I eater into the Cbhuroh of the Lord," &o.; o80 we might go through the holy saorifee of the mase from point to point and it woold be the same. IIf ayone at soy time asked where the Catholio Church got theb holy saorifice of the mase and the words of it, it conld be uid that they got it as the rainbow got its coloure from the son of heaven, sa the prophets got their inspiratio- they got some of it from John the Baptist, tome from David, and some from thoae woo had bowed down before the Lord Himself in His lifetime, and the prinooipal pert of it they got from the words of Ohrist Hemself. What the priest said, thoogb in the Latin language, was the seme as weu a their own prayer-books. The Church had taken from the Old and Hew Testaments those portions which bore more direlctly on the sacrifice of Christ when He gave Hil body and blood for our eubhtato'. hen the precrs benotifolly wove themselves into the mee sa the smaller diamonds on a ring. The masm wm oelebrated for the honouor and glory of God, the remissios of e?na, and the salvation of souls. A great many persons who had drited away fromthe old Church were bsginning to uondersetaod what thess things meoant-God we leading them baeck to understand. To those to whom God had given it, let it be great comfort and blessing. Lta them try and attend to it in spirit, and; wbhen they knelt before the altar at maress, lee them remember tha they were koneeliog where the sons of. God had knelt for over 2000 years. Let them remember whenoce meny gensrations had derived their sanctity end trsngtb. The mss, beginning with the Psalme of David and ending with the blessig, wie what he invited them, a far us they conuld, to attend to. Let them try and undert .ad it, read books tbout it, and pray that they might kindle a light that wonld enableo them to remlies ito evaing power. They should teach the at draen ton love it and underatand it, for, in bandling it down to the children, they were conferring a present blerssing on themand an immense bles. ing by-snd-bye. Some esld that it wso foolish to light oandles upon the altar, but thos aandles were in memory of the olden time and a promise of the Ioture. They should set a great love on the holy saorifiob of the metss. T'hey hbould train the obhl!dren to love it, and it would be a blesaing to them and a fore. promiseof what awaited them in kbeven. If they were feitbfl snd loyal to Gid here and made a home for Him in thelbibnarte, He would make a bome for them, with oat the shadow of a doubt. Many people thonght that they ought to do good them selves end not tronble about tbeir eighbours, bat the Lord said "he that is not with Me is against Me." They conold not sta£d loof troem God, they must be on His eide or against Him. In oenaoluiaon, he would congratolate them on having finihed their harh. It wee a grat thing that it shoald have been put up by the ltesen families mn the neighbourhood, and he wu sure thabt God would reward them for it, When a bit of maoney ws given in charity for religion or benevolsnce, to help the poor or for a temple for God, it would always be a oam fort and always bring a blessing. It pleaded for o norw and would plead for ashbyand-bye. He wa grateful to them for attending in snoh Inrge numbere-no doubt it showed their faith in the Lord, and He would esueyrelyewrd them for it. The Rev. A. Horan said that the buildng, us it ow stood, had ooes them some £261, and they wanted about £70tbhet day toolearoff the debt and pot upa nmeristy. He hdbeen forthe lest tweoty-two yeurs collesoting money on that aide of the Range-bving takea over thea books from Father M'lnty--and he knew that they had not ateally midned what had been ven -they haid not wanted for anything. ae that had the true faith would always give these that behad not the true faith m!bght spesnd the money in something eles that would pes away. Ha hoped God wold reward them a handred fold for what they gave. "Tbere were people outlide their own community who bad been very kind to them-he wu sureo both his Greoe the Arohbbishop mnd the opisregation would be glad to hear tbhat. Tbhe R1ev. A Bora?m and Mr, Jobh Kidner then pleededmong the oongregation and took up the coheotion. The result meust be con sidered highly satifasotory, for betoren ths money thus taken sod that realiead from the saisle of Inaheon oloketeb em of £0 8, weas netted. This amount was in cash, besides which a number of promles of other smes were glves. Lanheon was'rerted in the ruins of so hotel immelately io front of the ohutob. Pertiont of this hitorioal building have stood ths etorm and atret of some fortyfie pysare,and it wse a lousrihing bnsiness hosme in the days when Bigga'a OCamp was the centre of eattie drovinog etlivity. Numerou landlords have sooopled it, but perbhap the beat remembered of thsem is Bost Cook. The buiollding, wbhih ones wold think owen nobody aythingnor, was reenatly sold for the timber in it, and the walls and all sound parts have been polled out so that now nothing remains but a skelston pautline of It. It wae in thin plase thathtleii~g rows of heavily laden tambles were spread fort?he hnegry visitors. The lunch had been prosided by the OGandobesater people, end to seay that they bhad made liberal preparation conveys but a faint idoea of th6 trth, Beside the three hundredi and odd who had arrivsd from Ipswioh and the rosad side stations-and whos appetites hsad been given a sealthy edge by b joourney in the trefa-?l the country-side bd also ool leoted for the onesion, and the onslaught upon the tables wee sustained with more or les vrigonr for a ouple of hoers. The fere was varied and whbotlesome, and the smoomiume that were paseed upon the hospitlity of Grand oheater people were many and earnest. To distinguish by mentioning names would be invidious, but our representative weas asked to state that beelde the ladles of the Roman Citholio denomination Mrs. Simpson and Mlr. Howell tent considersble melesistanoe Ino onne? tion with the luncheon. Mr. T. H. L. Andrews was imiost abiqouitons in supervising the commissariat arrseagements. Tuu BU?LDNro. As stated before, the building stand. on a oonmpsuonus eminence. It is situated only a few hundred yards to the right of the railway, when approaching the township from tbhe Ipewlob side. The rohbitec was Mr. H. EC. Wyman and the contoraotor Mr. J. Madden, and the work bhsa been dones o the entire etisfeotion of bthose intersuted. 'The strumostr is 45ft. by 251ft., with walls 12ft. high. It is after tbhe Gothio style of arhbitentor, and is most eubstantially built, being mostly of hard wood, with pines for the interior fsture.e, It has three pairs of Gothio windows in each side, and the altar has been boiltafter a verf pretty pattern. The entrance is by means of large Gothic-shaped door, and, at the bahnk, a similar door lease into the senoristy that is to be built immediately. As present a temporary aeorioty has been provided by meanes of canvse and a covered roof. The contraot price of the build ing with extras amounted to £llO,and the pews which have been provided ost oanother £10 12s, The site consists of some 7 soresm, and the purohaee money for i--inoludeng some repairs end psayment for the release of mortgage upon it \--wn £161 10e. This sam, together with ithe expenditure of building, has been paid of, end Father Horeo annootuoed after the dedioation saerPice that he required about £70 to finish some necessary work and boild thesa?isty. A. the amonet taken opat the collecsotion whiobh followed, together with that for tbhe sale of Inonheon tickete, totalled £60 t8, and promises were given for further sams, it bay be said thot the church has been erected fiee of debt, and those who have contribhetd to so worlhy a purpose ertanely have joet reason 0to be piroud of the reosalt. The need of ehuroh in the ditriot had long been felt, and the residents responded nobly to the oall for funds. The Ipewioh peoplo are also deseroing of praise for their eopport, and many people onuaide the Romsn COsbolio decominatsion alo kindly rendered aseeuietance. After the dedication esrvioe on Sunday. numbers of people gathered for quiet worehp in the eacred edisoi, bie Oraoo the Arobbishbp and the Bes, A. Boran and M. Ryan being present. The hurorb will ba worked under the administration of the priecsl in Lpswich. The Grandoheter people are to be heartily congntnlated upoon now havring a ebseantial and oomfortable obharsb that teg rmay eall their own. Tau Rarsra Joanrt. Between the hour for funcheon and the time for the return trip, the visitors from Ipeweie disposed themselves in groupe in abady plane for nocisl oonvereation. A goodly number of thbe yonng people had a ramble roond the oonntr., nspeoaing, among other tbinug, the Governmment dam and Mr. Simpon'S new dairy. The countryr is looking its bees, and the towa chlp is oertainly one of the ohoileeat on the line at whioh to epend a few bors of loecure. The souial interooorse between town and ooentry residente weas one of the featurese of the day,. and no doub wres mntally appreoisted. The townipoople appeared to thoroughly enjoy thes onting, and receioved a hesrty waloome trom the Graneobeeter folk. Taking BSndey's pe iedent em a guide, theis bringing together of town and conenry eommunities might be fol lowed up with good reeaoute. At 4 o'oook all the visitors were efelly entrained, and a plea. aot run down to Ipswch oonolnod wht hbad bseen a m?oat enjoryable day. 