A MUSICAL HOBBY. The man that has no music in his soul is poetically accredited a an an usual success evil tendencies that make him an undesirable gentleman to have for a next door neighbour But for the man of much melody the port does not claim all the "soil qualities the other locks, nor does the world always endow him with the most popular of reputations, especially when his fancy runs mostly on the piano note, and he is in the early stages of tuition Still one has to acknowledge a better liking for the man of music thin for the man who always whistles his favourite time on three colts, and none of them right If to have no music is that), then to have Irtich of it should be good ; while to possess it in the form of a score or so of fiddles rangingfromthepiccuuinuy"K.it"tothoovor grown double bass, a dozen varieties of percussion instruments, seventeen wind articles, and a full brass band made out of papier-mache should approach the superlative do grace of excellence of such a character is the collection of instruments that Mr J Brown, the well known musician of Liverpool street, had collected around her i and leaving the ethical question ira o side to reason itself out as it becomes an inspection of the collection is a cut r taming as it is interesting Prominent amongst the dams organ. that speak so many languages when the by path or touch of life is given by the swing tunes, intact in an old time stained double b iss whose -return; shoulders seem weighed not by the police jnnelerouB scrowB tiring'. a mere grandfather, of the preien'ru.B0*-B*urt'0** Behaved in for mail. 22 2 feet away' , Its not secretaries "'- v Lowther to ??."<VtJ> . it must Iib thick is the instrument dries his k a century I Tim i it the foot, which he nowadays about want led from the bar. and has dwindled to in in to in the 'cells, at to law, to [prevent milk tin thereof k iV substantial this log, and tie up there ment for thirteen stung further put 'up, ,.. ki intimate. Tile Ptitliut aim of life' is not an"ni lively in this century as it was when double ceilings were Im. ed cream and salt instruments, and the in men of the period into his evening; visits to _,_,|\,i.."i_iidr}i ' of his choice with the un-. really torture . dancer on her') Imc!., Even then dom., w s i s not always large enough to admit mile in Mio and turn, and at one of his: it had to I'liutiu out side, the necessity of the food on which it Uto instrument could stand against the wall 1 and keep the body but it the. mud while the river was inside on the sofa, was obvious. There is a trial of beauty in the shadow that Five crown iutolhnold-l.iihioncd form, and the lives of both body and neck digest the deep and n" I used true that cows h when the strings In rebel. Stir'.' in one cures now to play fund 1.14 ou twin "'Hiddleston 1 it is a pity to waste that the,, meetings. at times where only the boom of its oaiwtiou'.l not" be required to balance the church of the arches tra. So the ancient bass stands in an honoured corner with only tin-" 'nuts, and waits for the ghosts of the past to come. along and show what it can do when it is . an opportunity. From the base of a bygone, ago one turns to a similar instrument made from wood grown in Tasmania. In form it is not as it with the old gentleman, but it has an interest of its owners the sonorous properties that Its notes proclaim for the native timber may yet be of value to the manufacturer. From Tasmanian wood to china is not a very obvious step, but side by side with the local article there hangs an instrument which has always been a marvel to the uninitiated, and an agony to those whose temerity has outrun their discretion and led them to monkey with its mechanism. Not that there is much of it. Only two pegs, a piece of wood somewhat like an abused plaster lath, and two pieces of string. In China it is called by a name of many syllables, which, when freely translated, becomes " the creator of love, the originator of glory, and the messenger of heaven-born ecstacies." The barbarian who has not the almond eye nor the educated ear of the Mongolian speaks of it disparagingly as a fiddle, with sometime is an adjective in front that does not imply a compli- ment. It is an instrument upon which Mr. Brown did not, fortunately, express a desire to perform, Beside it is another of the quaint devices which the average Chinaman rejoices to hear. It is termed the " You Kin, and is supposed also to be a musical instrument, in consequence of which supposi- tion it has received the English title of a "moonfaced lyre." Phonetically, the name is appropriate for as a producer of keenly agonising vibrations the " You Kin " would be hard to beat. There is also a Japanese apparatus in which some snake skin and a long stick gave a great deal to do with the production of the melodies. It is, however, not so dangerous as it looks, so long as the performer is satisfied with the limited number of sounds that are necessary for a Japanese sonata, Those, according to rumor, consist of three two of which are decidedly out of harmony, and the third a little more so. But Mr. Brown's collection does not entirely consist of the eccentricities which have been evolved from the higher civilisation of the East. There are guitars, the particular favourite instrument of the love I sick loan One is a modern Yankee, modern, up to date, and unromantic, and another, as travel-stained and Hollow toned an instrument as would have graced a Trou humour, and may, in the land of grapes and stilettos, and in the days gone by, often have rivalled the evening's breezes in disturbing beauty a sleep Where something has been reduced to an applied science, and the rousing of sleepy damsels to something more than in art, musicians have linked some sharper tone last unit rats with the soft and seductive guitar and the mandolin , the Bundarra and the city, are a few of the results The charge is not frequently seen nowadays, its points of difference from the random not being suffciently pronounced to attract other than an enthusiast to learn. it for ltsownsalto But Mr Brown has one, and a very fine one, too, for till that The mandolin lines, since the visit of the Young fruit Kupollo a few years since, and the Bill sequent appearance of the St mush Students, grown very much in Australian fu vom, una the pretty, though slightly "inky think not s are familiar to the general amateur The chief difference between it and the binding! excepting that of form, Is the possession of fourBtings (strung in pans) tuned similarly to the strings of a violin as against six (also in pairs) Ininti in unison with those of the equator, so the oiithuBiustia eoiinoisBoui explains Hence when a student mustons 'ho returned mandolin ho cutitaki in the bundle on the way, of his ambition to win the notice of his neighbours is still unsatisfied, and he was above the moon faced type or the " messenger of Heaven horn ecstacies " Then there is the matches, which ibu microscopic form of the guitar, and the coconut banjo, u junior edition of the be call ed negro guitar, which is further represented by the piccolo banjo Leaving the Latin and the negro per cussion instruments, one turns to the delight of the I > roll se, the fanciful either Modern intention, in a rush desire to discover a royal road to transient performance, has seized upon the £1 thor for experiment and the auto harp and the li imp hillier are evidences of their rushing, The possession of either, and an absence of appreciation for that quality of mercy which is not strained, are always sufficient to impress the ambitious novice helpers with the very advanced type of his genius, and his capacity to enjoy melodies that to the ordinary 01 enture are fraught with soul moving energy and terrible peculiarities which rival even those of the Japanese snakeskin But, at the same time, in the hands of one who has trod the road of his o finger exercises, and what the Widow O'Brien calls the " Chrome scab s, ' there is much to recommend both auto but rp and harp either A busy rather, one of which Mr Brown also possesses, is more difficult to manipulate, as it is of a type that has a good deal of the violin in it, as well as the instrument from which it takes its name In the matter of violins Mr Brown is, of course, very well supplied The chief admission is called forth at once by a fine old viola whose summers have been sufficiently numerous to give its wood the purity and mellowness of sound that only age can Rise Enthusiastic electricians who claim to be able to ago wine in a few minutes by the aid of a battery and a coil, base asserted that they will also, some day, be able to ago fiddles Some day perhaps they may, but for the present it is years alone that can do it Beside the old s Zola is another well seasoned example mu trim and well backed violin from whence tones of clear and suiting beauty can be t i awn laying down a long series one passes until the baby is arrived at, and in the little article that is scarcely a quarter of the size of the full fledged Riddle, one recognises a a thrilling entertainment for the juvenile performer and a multitude of wool for his elders 1 id of les are strange and peculiar objects in many ways, and in none more so than that from the siiiuIIlbI in size the most weird and languishing observations can be obtained when it is properly addressed The owner of the " baby ' realised the force of this when his visitor gave him an impromptu performance Amongst the collection is a combination that has both use and ornament in its composition. Attempt sight it is only a rather heavy looking walking stick with a large crutch handle, but with a twist and a sore as, it unfolds itself, and from the interior there emerges the ginger-haired and strings of a violin. Flutes and whistles are also found hidden away in other walking sticks, and a drum is produced that has the useful quality of being able to play itself, I For ordinary use in the nursery it might be slightly inconvenient, but at a spirit scarce it would be invaluable ; it also comes in locally in an orchestra, the owner remarks, when the human drummer goes out on strike, or to obtain a quotation for a dog and forgets to return. Clurionettcs of old and now fashion ; flutes, whistles, and carillons of bells ; cymbals and tyres ; xilophonoB, and miscellaneous oddities of sound producing capabilities are shown, until a climax is reached in a full brass band, resting harmlessly and in peace in a corner, which the kindly enthusiast explains is the outcome of brown paper and a glue- pot. " But will they play ?" is asked. " Play ? Why, you just wait a moment" as there VVlllUI pre ar< j..., decision in a man's life . it rapid retreat is excusable, if one ' 1 Jubilee, and the ground. that the.,-S"l"ir' bran, hand can emit is still a. - --M><'"<»">° to be enjoyed 