Two-tailed Timothy. A PAsartn. Stout. Timothy was a lizard with two-tails. They had the appearance oi a fork; and, because no other lizards who lived along the castle wall could boast of more than one tail, Timothy was exceedingly proud of himself. He could not run any faster than his com panions, or catch flies in a more elegant way, but because of his toils he gave himself such airs that really it was almost past endurance. The lizards who livedin the ivy on the waif grew tired or Two-tailed Timothy. As a cariosity ho was all very well, and stuffed and put in a museum he would have been' delight ful; but as it was they found Timothy, with his airs and graces, rather too much for their nerves. . One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a birthday party on the sunny side of the wall, | and everybody who wae in society went to it, including Timothy. At this party the lizards, nimble as they were, got caught; about half-a dozen escaped, hut tile rest were captured in a net by two English boys who had been prowling about the old wall for some time. Some of the lizards wore so frightened that their tails dropped off. The hoys examined their unfortunate cap tives, and one of them cried with astonish ‘•Look at that fellow, Jack; why, if he hasn’t got two tails! We’ll keep him, won’t we?’’ “ So he has !” exclaimed the other boy ; “ that’s a queer thing 1 And look here, Fred, this one’B a Cue one; Iet’skeepthetweand throw the others away.” “ All right,” said Jack; and away went the rest of the lizards, some with tails and some without, but all delighted to get off any Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put in a kind of cage which the boys constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves. The Patriarch wept because he felt that it was hard, at his time of life, to be caught by a couple of hoys; and Timothy pined for the joys of liberty, the sunny wall, and the juicy flies that were no longer within reach of a snap. Alas! his tails had baen his undoing. Without them he might have pasted unnoticed, and been again a freeand happy lizard. The Patriarch was fond of lecturing young people, and telling them what he did at their age, but, as the juvenile lizards conld run faster than he could, it was not often that he could make them attend to him. But now there was Timothy at hand, and the wretched Timothy could not escape. _ __ ■• The Patriarch talked and talked to such pur pose that at the end of two days Timothy was positively limp, without energy enough left to snap up a fly. The boys said he was sulky, and tried to make him lively by poking him with bits of stick, which did not, however, have the desired effect. Timothy sat all day long in a comer of the cage, and even his cherished tails ceased to give him the slightest pleasure. At last tho Patriarch, who had been poking about the premises by way of amusing himself, took pity upon his dejected fellow-sufferer. He wont briskly up to him as he sat in his comer and gave him a good thump. “ You ought to be ashamed to sit moping there, a young fellow like you!” cried the old gentleman. “Getaway!” said Timothy sulkily. “You ought to he ashamed of yourself,” pro eoded the Patriarch, “when there is a hole at the hack ot the cage that a thin lizard—mark me a thin slender lizard—might crawl, through at a pinch.” “ What 1” cried Timothy, springing np, “ a hole ? Did you say a hole ?” “ I did mention the word hole,” replied the Patriarch, marching off ; “ it is a hole that’s of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will rive it to you. You can get through, unless those ridiculous tails Btop ^ Timothy’s heart fell when he discovered how extremely small was the hole in question ; yet a desperate longing for liberty took possession of him. He went to his companion and told bis difficulty; bis tails were in the way. “ Bite thorn off, then!” returned the Patri arch, with cruel calmness. Timothy shivered; never could he adopt such a terrible remedy, and he timidly 09ked whether there were no other way. “Well, there is one other method,” ad mitted the Patriarch. “ Supposing you could be well frightened, your tails—perhaps one, perhaps both—might drop off. You recollect what happened to eur friends the day we were caught?” -Yes, Timothy, with a thrill of hope, remem bered tho louse, wriggling tails: and he sat down meekly by the Patriarch, ana asked him to he so good as to frighten him well. “ I don’t mind trying,” answered thelatter, kindly; and he began to relate the most start ling tales he could, think of, while Timothy tried as hard as he could to be frightened. The Patriarch talked and talked, but the, lizard’s tails showed no signs of alarm; they, were most hardened, obstinate tails! Then the dusk fell, and the ^Patriarch, took to ghost, stories. His voice got lower and lower, arid' drowsier and drowsier, the old gentleman teemed dropping oft to sleep. offs’wxt 'olTihij’viri?’he mumbled; “ and the last one—turned—round— and—said—Bo!" Thia the Patriarch positively shouted, making a sudden spring at Timothy with gleaming eyes. The young lizard was so taken by sur prise that he jumped np in the air, and, joy, Joy 1 his tails dropped off! “Ah!” said his companion, “I thought I should manage to frighten you somehow. Now be off, my young friend, and mind yon recol lect all the good advioe I have given yon.” Timothy scampered to the sole, squeezed himself through; then sway be went, a free, though tailless, lizard. In course of time bis tails grew again, and even longer and more elegantly taper than before; whereat Timothy rejoiced exceedingly, hut was kept humble by the remembrance of his former calamity. He lived to a good old age, and was always re garded by everybody as one of tbs curiosities of the neighborhood.—Sheila, in V Little Folks.” 