Postal Precepts.: , Sign your lottom in full, so that if they reach tho doad-leltor officio they may be promptly roturned.- Failure intliiarospootconipelathe destruction of many letters that would other- 1 wiso bo roturned. Do not fail to give your oorrespondont your . full uddross, so that a now postman cannot fail to find you. Mako sure tlmt tho address of> your letter, -&o.;, is full and uomplote; and that it includes not only tho namo of tho post town but also . tho name of the stroot. Do not trust to tho iaet that your corre spondent is an "old resident," " well-known oitizon," &o.; Though well , known to you ho imiy not ho lmown to tho postman. Mako sure that any corrospoiidoiice you post is fully prepaid, or your friends will ho' charged doublo rata. Tlioy may refuse to pay. but tho postal laws do not allow you to do so, when it is roturnod to you, ns it will he. Postage rates in Queensland lire : On town letters, id. per J ox. Tho town lute extends to a radius of 8 miles from tho General Post Office. On letters for all otliov places in Queensland and for tho Australasian oolonics, 2d. per 4 ox. On packets, Id. per 2 ozs. The distinguishing feature of a paoket'is that itmustboopouto inspection, Itinay uoutainuny- thing not of the character of a lotter, and may includo inerehuiidiso of all descriptions that can bo sent without injury to any person or to tlio other contents of tho mall, but must not oxoecd lO.ozs. in weight. On books, tho postago is. Id. for 4 ozs., and they are received up to 1 lbs. in weight— a single hook may weigh 7 lbs. To all pluoes boyoud tho ooionies postal union rates must bo paid, namely, lotters 2Jd. por i ox. Paokots Id. for 2 ozs. with a minimum rato for comnieroial papers of 2Jd. for any weight under 4- ozs. Bona-fide pattorns and samples may ho sent by paolcet post, but all morohandiso is exoludod. Tho " Postal Guido" should bo consulted for foreign, paokots. . Always bear in mind that paokots and news papers posted in pillar-boxes or other recep tacles marked "For letters only'' are not forwarded. Remember tliat it is unlawful to enolose matter of a higher class in ono iliat is lower, such ns letters in paokots br packets in hoivs- papors, and that not! only are suoh illegally posted artiolos not sent on, but the Bonders are also liulilo to heavy penalties. Tho uso of a postago stamp that has previ ously passed through tho post office oxposcstlie sender of the article to which it is affixed to a penalty of £5 or imprisonment. AU articles sent by post that are valuable, or that may he required to bo traced, should ho registered. Although _ the postal department is not by law responsible for the safety of a registered lotter, yet registration cannot he dispensed with becuuso without it there is no proof of posting, and when you drop an unregistered nrtiole into tho box, all further traco is practically lost, and although it may be duly dolivored to the addressee or Lis agent, the post offioo cannot! provo such delivery. Anything that cau ho pasted may he re gistered by affixing to it a stamp of tho value of 3d. in addition to tho proper postage, and handing it to n postal offloer, who is bound to give a receipt for it, aiid cannot part with i/" without obtaining a voceint. A further payment of 2Jd. entitles the sendei to a reocipt signed hv tho person to whom the registered article is dolivored. You can have your lottor promptly returned if unclaimed liy writing on the cover, " If un claimed within' 14 days return to , name —, address ." It. will then be returned unopened and witboutpussingthrough tho dead lotter office ; but you will havo to pny the postago ordinarily charged for ro-direotion. "When you remove aond written 'notioo of your alteration of address to tho post office, and your new address will be recorded for six months without any charge. At most post offices printed forms ore supplied gratis for this purpose. As a rule, correspondence cannot he inter cepted in transit, and can only be dealt with at the offioo to which it is addressed. "When posting a number of letters or paoketa at- ono time place them all tho samo way and tie them in bundles ; by doing this you will assist tho post offioo people and seoure prompt do-v spatch. Bo careful to post your letters and packets in ' tho proper posting boxes, by any carelessness., in this respect you risk delay. . / If yon have to obtain your letters at the post office window give your full name and' address, and pronounce it distinctly, or better still, write it plainly on apieco of paper and hand it to the dork. If you have ft private box give tho number to your correspondents and ask them to use it when writing to you. The parool post recently introduced affords facilities for Bonding almost everything, except letters and ntonoy, to any place in Queensland that can bo reached by steamer or railway, or by both thoso means.' . Parcels can also lie sont to any of the Austral asian oolonics, to the United Kingdom, and to most-foreign countries. Tho weight of parcels inland and inter colonial ib limited to 11 lbs. The pared postago to any parcel post office in the colony is : Not exceeding 1 lb. 6d., and 3d. for every additional pound. To tho Australasian colonics it is S3, for tho first lb. and 6il. for every additional lb. To tho United Kingdom Is. (id. not exceed ing 2 lbs., and 8d. for every additional lb. np to 11 lbs. Porosis will bo aoceptcd at any parcel post office for any placo in Queensland, but delivery must bo arranged for at the parcel office nearest to destination, as tho post offios cannot convey it beyond that point. livery cure is taken of parcels, and those marked " Fragilo " are carefully packed if baskots provided, for that purpose. Guards arq also provided for slender ortioles such as umV breling, parasols, whips, walking sticks,. &o.; Parcels may be registered and receipts ob tajned for them in the samo way as letters. Special facilities are afforded for sending meiucino by parcel post. Parcels received from places beyond ths colony are liable to customs duty, but the postal department acts as agent for tho ad dressees and possoa entry on receipt of duty freo of ohargo. It should always he remembered that to any plaoe in Queensland boyond the roaoh of the puroolpost, all kinds of merchandise may he sent in packets, but the weight oanuot exceed 1 lb., eud the paokot must not be dosed against inspection. For nowspupars printed and published in Queensland, tho inland and intercolonial rate of postago is Jd. aaoli. On thoso printed out side the colony Id. oach must be pud. Newspapers for tho United Kingdom and foroiglj .places must he prepaid at tho rato of Id. foifi ozs. or portion thereof, and 4d. foo ovory additional 2 ozs. or portion thereof!. Host of tho wcoltly nowspapers exceed 4 ozs, in weight, and many of them are insufficontly - prepaid for the United Kingdom and foreign places to whioh tlioy are addressed, and conse quently do not get boyond the dead lettor office, where tlioy are destroyed. Tho postage on tho Telegraph and Week to any place in Queensland or the Australasian colonics is -)d. To any other placo the Tele, graph requires Id., and the Week ljd. Any enclosure iu a newspaper, exoopttho supplement published with it, renders it liable to tho paokot or letter rate of postage if ad dressed to any place within the colony, and papers with irregular enclosures are not sent to places boyond the colony. Tho sender of a newspaper may mark any paragraph therein to whioh ho desires to direct special attention, ho may also in addition to the address, write his namo, and the words news- puper only, but beyond this there. must be no communication or murk on the papor or onvor. To avoid any ohance of delay a letter of ndvico should ho sent with ovary parool, but if hy mietnko you onoloso a letter ill a parcel you muko too whole parcol liable to the lottor "rate Ndto,tiint while paokots may ho posted in tlio orduuiry way, all parous- must be handed to a postal offloor to he weighed and accepted. ' . Nowspapers, unlike letters anil packets, are not transmitted lioyond the colony unless they are fully prepaid.' " Do you really boliovo, Dr. Johnson," said a Lituliiiold lady, " in - tho dead walking aftor . death?"- , " Madam;'? said Johnson,- ."a have nodouhton tho subject.! . I hare heard 'The Doad March in Saul."! ; "You- really, believe then, doctor,' in ghosts?" "Madam," said Johnson, MI tiiink appearancos are in theis ' favour." 