A DEAD MAN'S STEP. £PIT03TEof PREFIOUS GHAPTEfiS. LAWRKSCK LYNCH.) •lost after midnight the city of Pomfret is startled by the ringing of the alarm hall outside St. Mark's church. A f«ul inur.ler had been committed. Joe Matchin, tlie trusted watchman of tlie L'omfret Bank, opposite tlie chutch. has been brained by -m assosinl 'l'ht»rc had tiOTii a sapper party at Captain Fraziers, near by, aud Itruce Deeriug nephew of the president of the bank, had left the party, and searing the bank, heard a heavy fall, and seeing a light, had turned to the porch, where in the darkness lie wasruu into by the man, who eluded htm; .Bruce, hearing groans from within, did not chase tl.e fugitive but entered, to find Matchin lying prone. Ue rau out and rang the alarm bell. At that moment, tw o friends of Deering'a, lawyers like himself, Bedding and Morse, came up' «ud vent into the bank with him. To their horror they nete that Brace's sliirt, face and - hands are .marked with blood. Thty get him outside, but. not before he it •hserred hy one Jonas Wiggins, a spying netriio-weel of tlie locality. Mr Bird, the vice-president of the bank arrives with olieis, and much confusi'jn aud msuiy Bnruiieea are tlie result of th« crowd assembling, butgiadually the circumstaccea begin to tel! agiinsi Bruce. He was the iTret to liud tlie body, tlmre were ominons mark:, mi hid fcisQo. The "Va-assio must' have been familur witli the place; it was kmiu-n that, some, time before, Matchin'6 dauglitiCT , Rose, had run away and that her, father suspected Brace or . his ooueia Brook Di-ering. of leading her astray. The bank n-As near tw a inausiou. owned by Squire tV'ardell, whose daughter Miss Ora Wardell was awake, and heard some nnise. She" came out iato the garden near a little arbor, ami while there a man named Wills, who had hecu among the earliest arrivals IOU the scene, -"puke lo her. Them was with "«he young lady one of the servants, but Wills did not see who—he merely liea.nl Miss Oia speak to him. The coroiier's court was held next day, and by the care and finessing of friends the the idea of lirucs's complicity weakened bat the sheriff, an official named. Carton, whose SBspicions Jonas Wiggins' had roused—was determined to sheet it home to Bruce if be could. During the months which followed Itruce was kept under surveillance— it would be some time before the grand jury met. Judge Deeriug was ahseut from Poiufret;' he was troubled with heart failure, and he was away in New York with his wife—Brcnda. This was his second wife—she was much yeunger than lie-;- she had been bis ward, but each hat] .lieen devoted to the other. The mother of •Brook Deering—a handsome young fellow Monde aud languid—had he on dead a number of years, and unknown to him she died insane. He inherited the fatal taint. Bruce, hit cousin, was dark stalw-art, and deeply beloved by Judge 1 leering, who treated him as his own son. Bruce lfias in Jove with a ward of bis uncle's —a Miss Valentine Kodney, and lirook, who for two years had been away in Kurope, was «lso iu love with her. Prior to this he hail bern infatuated with Miss Wardell, and in truth was under engagement to her. On the night of the murder, Morse and Iteeding, with Brace, were standing by Matchin's side, lie was not quite dead wheu thev reached him, and he essayed to spe«k. Ho said iu gasps—"Tell—cur*e him—tell—Bruce. Tell it was —" here his head fell back—" Bruce These ominnus words were only heard by the three, aud the knowledge had been kept from all save the immediate circle whose belief in Brace's imtoceuct: was undoubted. A detective was engaged—Ferris Afurtah —who proceeded to piece tigether a theory which led to strange complications. With Mr Bird he had £ouud that the bank hail been robbed, but it u&s; thought the theft was not the motive. Within the vault, whose combination lock was only knowu to the head officials, they found the hatcliet ivith which tlie deed had beeu done, aud iu the heating register Muragh found a piece sf a handkerchief with tlie initials 15.1). upon it. These facts were kept to tli«inst£ves. The Deerings lived at Beech wood aud at tho mansion was a head housekeeper Mrs Merton aud Madame Sarita, a Frenchwoman, of whom little waa knowu except tbat she had nursed Mi Brook when lie was an infant, and was pastionately vttachei to him. Ferris Murtagh, the detective, bad established the fact that Sarita wanted watching and that there was some bond or understanding between Ora Wardell and the nurse. The teriiule news of the murder and the further results had been made known to Judge Deering, aud the family had returned to Beechwood. Jonas Wiggins bad turned up there and interviewed Mrs Deering. He had found on the bank steps on the night of the murder a peculiar jewelled link or button— a Bquare of amethyst with B.D. eug>sved on it, and ho had kept it. Kcw he soaght to sell it to her. She temporised with him, and'meanwhile, for secarily Jonas buried it. He was observed by Wells whom Murtagh had tiken into bis confidence and had been eet to watcliJWiggiu*. Wells contrived to secure tlie jewel and placed it somewhere else fcr safe custody, refusing to give it up ft-r tlie present. Jouae was furious at his loss, but could do nothing. It appeared that there were several of these jewels— Brenda Deeriug had one; Bruce Deering another, and Brook ' Deering one. "Letters were received by Miss Wardell and Miss Rodney from Havre from the absent Brook iu which bespoke o*. coming home, but Miss Bedney's letter according to Sanita, woe ton into little pieces by her pet terrier. There was uothing decipherable but the post mark, and a word or two, but later on MisB Wardell called, and gave Valentine a letter from Brook which she .said, reached her from Havre, but which was evidently meant for Valentine' the two missives baring lieen placed in the wrong envelopes, the letter destroyed by the dog being evidently Ora's. In the C9urse of the detective's invrctigations, a curious set of possibilities presented themselves and ; at length the old jndge, alarmed by something of a terrible nature looming in the distance forbids Die deteciive to go any farther. Bi-uce,* who also sees-the diifc of suspicion, agrees .to.this, and stands te be- sacrificed to aliield some C(3ier. Thus affairs staud whea the judge is found dead; Dr Sivon and Sr Ware, who are. attending him, are summoned, and _tiud that be has died of poison. Just- prior to bis death..-Brook Ue. riug returns fiom Europe. He lands at ,Be.echwood from a train that is smashed np almost at the mansion gates. ' On his faibei'a dentil he is fiautie. •• He hints in hia mvinpjtlia.t the widow knows something of thecriine. The lawyers are . summoned, James Ingram and John Reeding. Brook puts forward a will of his father's, but a later one is produced by logram,- devising everything to his wife, save a necessary provision for the two young men: In tli« serious extremity of thecase, by the advice of Mr Baird, Ferru Mui-tagli. the. detective is sent for and entrusted with the' task of finding tlie poisoner. He arrives in the guise «f an nncl.e 1 of Brenda's Mr Nat Holly, andCtakes up his residence. After a a little while' liis real identity is diaclosed to Dr .Ware.' »-Jio is ,-ja valnatle sid^ and to Valentine Rodney, and the ch'fef 'attentiot. is concentrated on three persons, Sarita, Ora Wardell aod -Tones IWiggins. . Wells is still Matching,the latter. Murtagh lias satisfied himself that the murder oT Maltclim and the poisoning of the .Judge are part, of the same plot.. He had just shown Wells how it. wasuost probable that the assassin should clip in the shades'of the trees into Wardell'sgarden.. Concealed in the arbor, for the moment—Ills pretence blindtd hy Ora's nonchalant, observation be could taie sought.final refuge in the. church for when Bluce rang the bell, he beleived he dropped his light overcoat inside the church do. r, and mat he di.l I.ot c ose tlie .ioor, stiff less turn _the key. y<.t wlien widi his two trends he went back the church do ir was locked, tiie key goiieandhis coat was on ™ "- Pi- At Beecliwood •• U.icle Hol y" ••ad c been t complaining of noises keeping mm awake at nights, a.nj .Sarita ae tlie olii uian desires to rummage over the upstairs rooms, tells Dr Ware that she is afflicted with souambulism. Atalmut tin's time the detective makes a nocturia! virit to St. Mark's church, and frnmau outliu.ise there, produces a piece of newspaper, datcl thirty Sla- hours before Matchin's deatli. and containing some scraps .C f0...l imlijative Of C'liiccaloieMt. Miss Wardell was accustomed -to vis'tthe orgiu l„ft diily and piactice oil the instrument. Uy a series of iuses adopted to throw Sarita off tfie scent,'Jluitagli has |ienetrat«l into the Inmber room—die M unsaid, adjoiuing his hii lieJruom, and there -made a little discovery. Uncle Holly interviews Sarita, who says she knows that she was disturbed at llight by strange .noises, and tries to disabuse his mind by declaring that sheiiad been restless aud walked ahouc the rooin and opaucd and shut drawers.' That there were rats about was all moouthine. Brendu suddenly re' solves to go to town, and Dr. Wars accompanies her. Uncle H-,lly is expecting startling developments. Valentine is prevailed upon tocliangc her maid and Uncle Holly resolves to search the Mansard. In the meantime Sarita consults Dr. Ware, who has returned from his drive, and confesses that she suir.-rs fr nn somuambutisn, and says jM(£ Mcrtnn alone knows her secret: The doctor'is "pnra ed aud has a conversation - . with, Mrs. Merton, who he believes knows more'than she will be likely to admit. Gable JStolly is slowly folging a chain, of extraordinary circumstantial tvideuce." He discovers thlt the-bouse uow 'ocenpied liy ^ the Deerings had he^n empty and that at the time of the murder it was occupied by Sarita aud the j;ar(leuer only. Miss Variiell ou the night "f the tragedy drovTeaway v in-herearriage, and her destination was tlie house occupied by Sarita. The assassin, (Tuclc Holly divines, was at tliat moment in hiding in or near tlie house presided" over by Sarita! Miss Wardell, he •tiecuvers, has a passion for music, aud plays the organ at St. Mark's Church and possesses a key of the rear door. The movements of Sarita and Miss Wardell -are suspicious ; telegrams reach the latter aud are conveyedby her to Sar-ta in gieat.baste. Miss Wardeil pays a hasty visit to New York, followed f-.y tlie detective. Subsequently \- Uncle'. Holly-visits the church and tficrp discoveirs that someone had been iu hiding in" llie 'organ left; and he also found a newspaper daYed tile day before the -jnurder. The -tjieo(-yj<ifv t'xe clever hum sleuth hound asitkatutiie murderer ran from his victim to Miss-'-V&rdell;, ,vho was iu the garden opposite that'she -shielded llilll and he escaped in ..the black darkness to "the cliurch or Siarita'sHinusc. Tlis detective and doctor agree flwit the Mansard contains the key to'the Ueep mystery, aud Sariti and Mrs. Merton are watched mast closely. The Mansard then rivets their attention. A week passed and nothing occurs. Broak Deering becomes ill atid tells Dr. Ware that he hears strange gho=-t y sonnds during the mystic email hours m tlie rooms northward. The doctor tells Brace llesring, whom he questions about his brother's health and inquires into the .antecedents on the mothei s aide. He also suggests that there may be a ctuse for the manifestation of weakness noxv noticeable ; it is not yet insanity. Bruco Deering aud Dr. Ware open their minds to each other, and the former charges the doctor •with betug his iival in seeking Valentine's affections, which the doctor denies. Eventually a good understanding is arrived at, and both were cordially frank to each other. In the meantime preparations were proceeding for' the g»-eat~ Matchin trial, and John Ht-dding &. G »., e Iiicitorr, were preparing an elaborate dcfeuce for Bruce Deering. The death of Lysander Deeriug had changed public sentiment, and it was expected that Bruce would be acquitted. The Sheriff is sanguine of sheeting tlift. crime home to Bruce Deeriug, Junta Wiggins aud the initialled jnu'el weulu piove an invaluahle aid, Mui'tali gets possession of the jewel from Wells, who declares that Bruce is iuuocent. Wells hs let into tlie secrets known to Uncle Holly. Sarita is caught again '* s'ecp walking," and both the doctor and tile detective arrive at the conclusion that it is a case of somnambulism after all, and that uncmsciously Sai ita is peracnatiug Lysander Deering, but the detective is of opinion tnat she did not go to the room alone 1 Uncle Holly inter-, views Rosa, who hands him jewel which belonged to a set made at a fashionable New Vork jewelleis. Sarita starts again on (niduight rambles, is seen by Mrs. Deering in her dead husband's room, and is mistaken for his ghost. Dr. Ware and Uncle Holly watah Sarita, who ou leaving one of the moms is seen to beckon to someone who is invisible. The Matchin trial is apprcsching, aud the iuterest throughout the country is increasing eviry day. It i - ascertained that Mrs. Deering—Breuda— owned the je Vels, one of which Wiggins fouud near Matchin's dead body. This is in the hands of the detective, who tends it by Dr. Ware to New Vork fur identification. (Gonlimed in o u r Supplement.) 