THE RED HUT. A CHRISTMAS . GHOST STOIU". by billy nutts. No sign of grace— no. hope of green ; . ; ' Cool-btossomcd seasons mark the spot. But chained to ail iron doom, I ween, ?Tis left like a skeleton to rot. . - - For on this hut had murder writ , With bloody fingers hellish : tilings, A nil Ontl will never visit it. ' _ '.!> , 7:;: icundall. : (concluded.) ' ' . .. , " Fill your pipe, niate," continued Jack, "and help yourself to the' whisky.;- I sec you're getting impatient, but I wont keep you much longer. I'm coining to the ghost directly. Well, I had been rambling about for two or three years, with my usual up and down experience, when the fancy came upon' me to revisit my old haunts and see how Scotty was getting on. I cannot tell you how this desire origi nated and grew on me until it became irresistible, but at length I felt the im pulse so strong that one morning I rolle 1 up my swag and started off, half ashamed of my foolishness. It wasjsundown abou'- a week after when I came to the outskirts of the ' old diggings, and took tho track which led past the old. hut. I was not long in arriving there, only to gaze upon an unexpected sight. The frail erection had evidently been abandoued for some f.imn Knmn nf the slabs had fallen from the walls and left hideous gaps, the rafters of the roof showed in many places like skeleton ribs, and most of the shingles had dropped from the chimney, leaving the four poles standing gaunt and bare against the evening sky. An okl tub and cradle lay rotting by the water-hole, and .altogether I think 1 never looke 1 upon such a picture of utter desolation. In the gloom and stillness of the fast-falling night ! there seemed , even, a suspicion of some uncanny presence, and it was with a shiver that I turned and hurried away. On my arrival at the little settlement whoro a few of the old hands still lingered, I' was met with a hearty but boisterous welcome, and that same evening I was told the cir cumstances pf poor old Scotty's me'anohuly fate. ' It seems that it w.13 but a month or i two after I left that a wandering prospec tor passed near the.hut, and seeing no one about ventured to approach. No voice , answered to his hail, ancl with an undefined sense of something wrong he loulccd in at 1 tho open door- way. One glance was enough ! and a few minutes afterwards lie burst in ' upon the settlement with a white face and trembling limb3 to gasp out in broken words that old Scotty wa3 lying murdered in his hut. The diggers turned out in a body, for the poor old man was liked in their rough way, and swarming down to the hut found the terrible news true enough. The interior of Hie hut almost rivalled the exterior in its lurid hue, the wa'ls being splashed with blood. The body was horribly mutilated, the head being battered in by some blunt instru ment, and the body stabbed and slashed in a frenzy of blood-thirsty excitement. The police and a doctor were sent for, but their examination only seemed to prove that the old 'man had been atlacked while asleep and had been dead some hours. Whether the murderer had obtained any booty could not be ascertained, but the appearance of the body was suggestive of revenge rather than robbery being the motive. It was then 1 related the episode of the Chinese intruder, ancl it was generally supposed mac is was as ins hands that the old man met his sudden and awful death. But there was little hope of tracing the culprit, if it iudeed were he, and after a rude funeral which was attended by the whole crowd of diggers, the excitement gradually sub sided, and after awhile was almost for gotten. One or two inquisitive spirits scratched around the vicinity of the hut for a time, on tho off' chance of discover ing some secret hoard, but nothing was found, and the search was given upj and the place abandoned. So things set tled down into their ordinary routine, - until one night, when some of the rowdier sort were ' keeping it up' past midnight, they were astounded by a swagman rush ing in frantically, and seizing upon the nonrosb' glass" of liquor, to the intense indignation of French Pete, who was about to absorb it. He was about to resent this unwarrantable liberty, when his anger was changed to pity, as the intruclerultered some incoherent wordsand fell down insensible. Every glass was instantly at his service, and tho patient was in imminent risk of being choked, if he had not fortunately recovered after the third application. It was then that he related to his awe-stricken listeners how he had lost his road, and making his way up the gully had been led to the Rod Hut by seeing a dim light within. Making in with the freedom peculiar to his class, ho was horrified at seeing a ghastly object squatted on the decaying bunk, with battered features from which the eyes gleamed with a fiery lustre, which seemed to penetrate the very brain of the intruder. The imperfect description which lie was able to give of the clothing and general appearance of the spectre, after his head long retreat, was quite sufficient to identify it, and as Kanaka Joe declared with an oath, It's either old Scotty como back or the devil himself.' This was accepted as a reasonable conclusion, and when Tommy the Nut proposed they should go in a body and interview the ghost, ho was looked upon as an unbelieving idiot, while Cockney Jini remarked that ' As the old cove was averse to company in his life time, lie might object to receive a crowd of visitors now he was dead,' which seemed a rational conclusion, and the project was abandoned. "I must confess that I could net help showing my disbelief in this supernatural yam by a contemptuous smile, whereupon Cockney Jim remarked with some severity, ' Tell yer wot it is, mate, if ycr think it's all a sanguinary flam, spose as 'ow yon goes and pays him a wisit yerself. You two was always pretty chummy, and I dessay he'd bo glad to see yer, if yoc aint afeard.' ' Afraid !' I replied indignantly, for I felt rather annoyed at the implied impu tation on my courage. ' I never kuew a ghost do anyone any harm yet. I wouldn't be afraid of a dozen ghosts, let alone old Scotty.' '.JessO;' observed Jim with a sly wink to tho crowd, ' youjre just the cove tn bail him up, so go ahead, but sioh things ain't in my line. Not much.'' ; ; " The rest' loudly expressed their ap proval 'of 'these: sentiments, so I observed with a laugh ' Well mates, I may drop in on him some evening; when I happen to be passing. Come on, we'll have another sliout at. my expense, and : then I'm off to bed-.' \- This was a proposition which no digger df:well regulated inihd ever declined, so we' filled up dhce.inoro, aud i retired with renewed popularity./ But the, story I had heard pervaded iny mind to such an ex tent; that it was' some hours before I could sleep; and for several nights after 1 lay cogitating upon the probability of such an appearance. " Well;' Bill; old man, I see you are getting sleepy; so I'll cut my yarn as short as 1 can, and then you can form your own opinion about it. - There was such a rest less feeling upon me, which I cbnld not account !for, that sitting by my fire one evening; I:roused upfrom my brooding, and saying to myself ' Well I may be a fool, to believe such' nonsense, but hanged if I don't see it'out,' Ipiit on my hat, and lighting my pipe with soihe little bravado, took a 'sthut: stick' and ; strode defiantly along the wellTknown track to the ghostly habitation. ''' The .moon was' down, . but there was light' enough to find my way, and I.tnarched on .boldly, though f must confess . that as I gained the head of the 'gully, I could feel my heart beating" rather quicker 'than- usua1. Of c'purse I lyas not' afraid, though I see_ yoii are smiling, but' I put it down to walking so fast, and as I approached the dreaded spot moderated "my pace; until, I confess, I drew near to. the .hut very de liberately.; "However, ' there was nothing to alarm me; ' All1 was silent, and there was no' sign of life of any : sort about the hut." T struck a match and looked, at my watch — eleven o'clock. Ratber for a ghostly interview; I said to myself, £ accord in< to the,, usual regulations in, ; suclfcal"s: but as I'm here -I'll wait and see if my old friend favors me with an audience:' But, with all my brag, I cud not care to go into the hut, so ret, ring a little distance, I lay down under a con venient hush, and taking a swig from my flask awaited .developments with what patience I might. It was a weary watch, and I mubt have fallen asleep, for I sudr deiily awoke to consciousness with a chilly feeling which .hardly seemed natural. In voluntarily I looked towards the hut, and for a moment felt a tremor run through me ai I perceived a faint light suffusing the i-terior. However, after another drain from the flask, I pulled myself to-.- "ether, and taking a firm grasp of my Tvadcly advanced cau'iously, saying to niy- self, ' Now, if this is some beggar playing his 'larks, he'll catch a hammering he don t expect.' It seemed an age before my re luctant feet brought me to the door and I summoned courage to look in. As I did so, the "stick dropped from my hand, and I stood wi'h quivering limbs and chattering teeth, unable to advance or retreat. Heaven pre3erve me from such another experience. There upon the dilapidated bunk lay a figure from which the mysterious light seemed to emanate, and which I recognised ' as that of my unfortunate old friend. As I stood tliero, unable to m>vc, the figure slowly rose to a sicimg posture ami revu.ueu <» face which, in spite of the . blood' and bruises which disfigured it, showed the well-romembered features of old Scotty. The eyes were fixed upon me with an in tensity wlrch fascinited me, but there was notli ng unkindly or menacing in their expre33iou. On the contrary the whole glance was rather s -rrowful, and when the figure stood upright oil the floor, and beckoned with a shaking hind, \ felt irresistibly drawn forward, though I kept as far away from the uncanny presence as the ; ruined wall would allow. If the terrible figure had approached me, I be lieve I should have gone mid, but this ordeal wa3 spared me, for the spectre moved s'owly along with a motion which was rather gliding than walking, and standing upright in the rema ns of the chimney, again turned and faced me. I tried to speak but my power of speech was gone. As I still g-ized, the figure with a smile upon its battered features pointed downwards with its right hand. This gesture was thrice repeated, as if to im press its significance upon mo, then the apparition extended both hands a3 if in the act oE invoking a blessing, and so gradually faded.away, leaviug me in total darkness. How I got away from that horrible place and reached my tent I have no recol lection, but when I regained my senses I found myself lying on my bunk, weak and bruised all over. I can only suppose that in ray terrified flight I had plunged madly through the bush and received several severe falls among the old timber, but I kept my own counsel, and to the anxious inquiries of ivy acquaintances merely ex- p'ained that- 1 felt rather queer and meant to lie by for a day or two. Come, fill up once more, old mail, and I'll ' coil away n-.y slack,' as you say, in half a minute. As soon as I felt strong enough I took my tools and quietly strolled away to the old | hut. It was not without a shudder that I | entered, although it was broad daylight, but I ha-l made up my mind to test the ! matter thoroughly, and at once set to vvnrk f.n rl irr 1111 Mi r» li vMi r lm ' O >vi' v UIIj « 4 O'MIAAA ashes on which showed that it had never been disturbed. I had not dug down more than a foot when my shovel struck something hard, and removing the loose earth careful y with my hands, I gradually uncovered half-a-dozen earthen jars, snch as jam used to be imported in, each being securely corked up. Their weight told me what to expect-, and opening one I was not surprised to find it filled with fine gold intermingled with nuggets. I lifted these out carefully and on searching further soou came upon a tin case, such as sailors USB.to Icaep tightly packed with notes. I hatl taken the precaution to bring a small flour, sack with mo, and hastily bundling every thing into it, carried it away some dis tance, aud planted it securely under some boulders. I made my way loiourcly home as if I had been merely prospecting, but you may believe me, old chum, I wa3 back again as soon a3 it grew dusk. Before I sprung my plant I took a stout pole, and with a few blows brought the remains of the crazy old liut crashing to the ground, thus totidly effacing all signs of distur bance. As I turned away I said, ' Well, good bye, old man, may you be happy wherever you are,' aud it might be my excited imagination but I could almost have sworn that a light breath was on my check as there came a faint whisper, ' God bless you, laddie.' However I did not stop to philosophise upon this phenomenon but humped tho swag and soon had it stowed away in safety. It excited no particular remark when I bought a horse and departed one morning with my swag strapped to the saddle, but the honest fellows rolled up for the final drink, and gave me a rousing cheer as I cantered away. How I realised ' my pile don't much matter, lucky diggers were common enough then, but I need only say the pro- coeds were handsome enough to give me a decent competence. So now you know all about it, and you see poor old Scotty kept his word when ho said "Dead or alive I'll no forget ye.' What do you think about ghosts now, old man 1 " " ' Well, I'll tell you wliac I think,' said I slowly and meditatively, as I drained my glass, ancl knocked the ashes out of pipe, 'I only wish some benevolent old CU3S of a ghost would do the same for mo, and I'd believe in him most devoutly. Good night and a merry Christmas." 