THE KYABRAM UNION. PUBLlSnED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 189)4. IT can be fruly said that never in tile history of responsible government in Victoria has It parliament been returned which does more discredit to the electors than tile one whlich will meet next Wednesday. So far as country con stituencies are concerned, the solid com mon sense of men who have a heavy stake ill the land has made itself felt. In some few instances men utterly in comlpetent, if not unprincipled, have been returned by rural electorates, but they are few and far between. Unl fortunately such is not the case in the metropolis. Candidates have been sent to parliament by city constituencies who, judged from any standpoint, are abso lutely unfit to represenit the people. If men, whose skulls are as empty as their pockets, but whose check is brazenl, anid whose principles are of tile vweathercock type, are chosen to frame laws and lift the coluntry from the quagmire of debt into whlichl it has fallen, then tile augury for the future is indeed ominous. We do not desire to be personal wlule dis cussing a great public question. but we possess a knowledge of 'some of the newly fledged members whichll causes us to collgratulate tile defeated canlldidates oil tlheir rejection at the polling booths. What is the,country coming to? Tile producers of tile colony-the" farmers and agriculturists - are now at tile mercy of a clique of Trades Hall people who look upon them as lawful game, for, taxing purposes. The so-called labor party-that is the representatives of Ileoplle who never work if, tlhey can possibly avoid it-hold the balance of power illn thle Assembly. They can command a solid vote of at least fifteen, and ill the presellt state of parties that is quite enough toturn'a division. If thle aim of tllese members was to elevate tile genuine working man we would support them to the ut:nost, for tilhe lifting of the laborer means the progress of tile natiari. Pelsonal experienllce, Ilhowover, conlvillnces us that withl s1h11 men 1t,1 idvolcate their lcallse, thle last colndition of thle worker will be infinitely worse tllhanl tile first. While labor will sulfor inl tis respect,; 'thle yonallr y of thle coloily will also have a cross to bear. it is well known tlhat an cupty vessel makes the most sound, and thee.brainless crowd who shouted and voted in tile metropolitan electorates are, like some of their representatives, as light of pocket as of head. Still the state must pay its debts, and from the depleted pockets of the farmers the great pro prirtion of the money must come. VWhilst the "intelligent" voter loafs round Melbourne expecting pirovidence in tile shape of " latior; members'. to fill his mouth by some miraculous means, thle real toilers will have to pay the state piper. If manl work not, neither shall lhe eat, is air 'injunction: irhich could witll pIrofit be mnore gellerally enforced in this colony. Instead of doing that there is no doubt ai proposal will be brought forward in parliamsnt'by .thy niew lIbor members', which k'ill' simply mllean plundering the state treasury to keep a horde of useless citizens loafing round Melbourne. to,re~urn equally use less and niore mischievous men to parlia ment. Who has to bear "tle brunt? ThIe broad bult much weighted back of the agriclllturist; Thle outlook for the true settlers is indeed ominous. The flotsam and jetsam of Victoria practically rule the counlcils of the nation, and they will demand their. pound of political flesh. The electors who really have tihe welfare of thle land at heart have been following pllantoms. The ghosts of dead conservatism and loyal liberalism have been called from their graves by thle incantations of tile Age anld the Argus, anld the deluded electors have been tricked into following thle risen spectres. What is conservatism' or liberalism after all but empty -shaddows, . and ill grasping at thelml the substance has been lost. If ever the people should have sunk prejudices and personal feel ings to ulnite in returning men of moral worth,. with honesty and tenacity of pur pose it was last week, but the opportunity was lost, and often a chance loast can never be regained. Unless. .we are agreeably disappointed in our estimate of some of the alleged legislators who will sit in the niext parliament, there will be political chaos ere long, and then a general election may result in tile purifi catioll of the Asseunibly.n , , THE groaning taxpayers ,of: Victoria' should demanld thlat tile outrageous cost of the Governor anld Government House be reduced to something reasonable. Not Jless than' £40,000.,periannum is expended oil this aping royalty, anld it is the worse spent money in .the colony. A portion of the outlay is carefully taken back to the United Kingdom by. thle vice-regal representatives, alind most of tile renmaiilder is' used to glorify a hiand ful of more or less disreputable scoundrels whlo hang on tile skirts of bogus aris tocracy while they plunder tile Ihonest :orkers of tile country. If the names of those who visit and Ilave visited Go verllment House were published, it would be seenl that among them is a sprinkling of professional land boomers, bankrupts and commission jobbers.. Tile yeomanry of thle colony pays for discredited company mongers and finan ciers who finance with other people's molney, to gorge and guzzle while farmer's toil and citizen's starve. The present position of .Government House as .by law recognised is a gigantic scandal and' libel onr the common 's'nse of the people; In spite of the fact that we pay £10,000 It pear in private salary to tile tenth-rate noblemen wileho sacrifice? themselves byr living in ,thle ' cursed kawlinice't sfor a few years, tile State is being continually called upon to contribute to the ordinary expenses of Government House-or ralther houses, for we keep at least two going. Nearly" every 'Gazette cohttinS somle items foi the ivice-regal establiish.' merit whlichl are duly approved by tihe Governor-in-Council.. In the last issue of. the Gizette (September 21) there are two amounts so passed; one is for £126 18s to Messrs Robertson and Moffat for goods supplied, and the othter £107 8s fid to McLean Bros. and Rigg for cutlery supplied to Government House. Tihe country pays for all kinds of ex travagance as well as necessaries, whichI the governor himself should look after. Thousands of pollundls per annum are ex peiided on servnilnttgnardeners, orderlies; gas, furniture, horses, and in fact every thlillng required to maintain the vice-regal residence. Tihe £10,j000 per annum is practically a free gift to the broken down attacllhlle or useless :aristocrat whom the people art suppdsed to reverence as the personlificatioll of royalty. If a bailor a dinnellr is given. many bursted boomers and promloters of. swindling companies whom no honest man sltoull counten ance are amongst the invited. The governor tand all his tribe of depiendents . and parasites are carried free over tite' railways, while tihe officials 'bow 'and scrape to them. Yet the farmers and country residents who 'are building up a nation are bustled inito dog-boxes--after they pay excessive, fares---and used ;as,. mere machines to squeeze taxes from to.. support aristocratic loafers. It, is time : tile people'srepresentatives in parliament: looked itto the matter. Mr White in his election address urged that the go vernor should have £10,000 a year because lie had to maintain snuch a large' establislhneht "'as Government House. Mr Whlite shouldlootw by this time that it is the suffering taxpayers who disburse the money for· its maintenance. The State treasury expends nearly £80,000 a year ottside tite salary in . that work," jid'it ii simply outrageous extraviiganck. 'Lord Hopetonn actuallyi bought tite livery of iis personal servants. in Scotlaind, ind it is notorious he i':F savidg the greater part'of his safary' to take back witht him. Without doing. the least injustice to anyone, ;but' only dealing out bare juitice to the taxpayers, a sum of £20,000 a year could be.saved on our present irice-riala expenditatie.' That would leave the handsome-even prodigal sum of £15,000 to be spent on the mlaintenance .of 'thlfie ~reganl figure heaid. Surely in our impoverished cir cmnstances that would be a generous allowance-too genelons in fact. It should ihe understood that most of the motley spetit at Government House is ill-spenti. Ohiampagie flows to irrigate the'i harpy throats of usurers and men ~', who have wrnig fortsif'dtfroin t obrb: 'by questioinablo means. The choicest foreign delicacies are prepared to please the jadedl and satiated stomnachs of glut tonons gourunands, and this while thoisand.s starve for very necessaries; tiny, worse, when these stairing people are harrassed for taxes to fill a depleted treasury. If the new parliament does its bare duty at least £20,000 will be lopped off the monstrously extravagant Government House Vote. Electors, watch yourirepresentatives and see how tlhey.a"tin this matter. 