Hootiugs. " BY THB OWL." " We seldom appreciate our mercies till we lose them," writes a lady Owl, " but yesterday afternoon I did feel so thankful that I am not deaf. Maria Thornton and I went to call on a friend who is trying life in apartments. She locates on the drawing-room floor. Another set of people—mother and daughter—occupy the dining-room below, and a couple of bedrooms somewhere above, and they are often up and down the stairs. This we learned afterward, but this is what we heard at first. A most awful shriek of 'Adelaide' rent the air, as we sat quietly talking ; and we rushed to our door to listen, in case anything dire could be the matter. Another outcry for ' Adelaide' followed. Then a wailing voice came from the upper stairs, ' Ma, I can't come." Another peal for ' Adelaide.' Agonised answer: ' Ma, my dress is off, and my hair is down.' * Hadclaide I'—this time in a scream that could have been heard in the road. Then there came a hurry and scurry of feet in the room above us, a slamming of cupboard doors, and sounds like chairs being knocked over; and then a vision flew past us—poor Adelaide, With a long outdoor cloak over her shoulders, her hair wound into one amazing knot; tears in her eyes, and her face scarlet with emotion. Her ma greeted her in the hall—' What makes you come down that fright ?' But, ma, I was dressing, and kept calling to you.' ' How could 1 kuow that? replied the irate parent. ' I want my thimble, and where is it ?' ' Why, ma, it is on the sideboard, and was close to you all the time.' All's well that ends well, and we darted back so that Adelaide should not see us watching her, and we felt relieved that no accident bad happened; but we could not help hoping that the deaf mamma would think twiee in future before she shouted at random for her daughter." * * * On board the B.I. boats frequent are the mention of laughable matters which concern the feminine world. On one of their last trips, when going down the Red Sea, a gentleman of war was overheard saying to a lady. " How fearfully hot it was last night. I could not sleep a bit." With a manner that looked artless, the fair one replied, " Yes, it was awfully hot; but I took a large cucumber, which the steward brought straight from the ice chest, with me to bed to keep me cool, and slept like a top." * * * " Shapes and sizes have also been expressly cut for us to suit the Australian figure." Such is the startling announcement made by a firm of drapers in dealing with the delicate subject of ladies' underwear. We have bad our fierce controversies on the growth of a distinctive Australian accent. A firm of bootmakers have even proclaimed, with some show of authority, thac the Australian foot has developed idiosyncrasies unknown in Europe. But this final statement, made with no pretence of novelty, but with the calm moderation of an accepted fact, is of so radical a nature as to demand the most thorough, the most searching investigation. * * •• Poor King Solomon. It is hard that, after so many centuries of peaceful repose, his honoured bones should be dragged forth into the garish light of day in order to furnish material for Miss Michie's (a Melbaurne womau's righter) scorn. Doubles* be hie beat, but it Beems that he failed to impress the Queen of Sheba, who was then the acknowledged representative of female culture, and this little fault, ike the single grain of cocculus Indicug in the gallon of beer, has polluted the whole mass of an otherwise honoured existence. Still Miss Michie might reflect that the deceased gentleman did a great deal in his day to solve the difficult marriage problem, and remember' ing the old proverb, De mortuis nil nisi bonum, might let an old and respected .colonist alone, the more so as he hasn't even the modern consolation of writing to the paper to say he was misreported. * *- * Beauty, of course, is is the eye of the gazer, and the oddest-visaged individuals will sometimes find admirers, while good-featared ones paBs unnoticed; all, as it happens, and a great deal depending on the critic and his character. A man very sensitive to personal appearance is an old, jobbing gardener, who works frequently for a lady friend of mine, and talks nineteen to the dozen as he pauses in his labours. He is of a mysterious age, and resembles one of those queer gnomes in fairy tales that used to work in secret mines, and occasionally come out among men. This lady told him once that she did not oare for the suburb when she first lived in it, but that she liked it better now. " Mum," he said solemnly, " when I first come to these parts, I thought the folk about here was the hugliest I ever see in all my born days. Where I come from they was all good looking. It took me a time before I could feel settled-like * among thecreetnrs here." * • Thirty-fire is a stiffisb age for a lady to be compelled to own ap to, but the inexorabilities of the law courts often compel the disclosure of facts which would ot liur wise be glossed over, or made the subject of a tarrydiddle. Perhaps this last-named form of falsehood is more resorted to by ladies when speaking of the march of time than by any other persons; and iteould only have been his excessive gallantry that prevented the Psalmist from writing, "All women (over twenty-one) are liars." Quite recently a case came into a London County Court in which a clajp was made upon a father for dresses ^Applied t(Ta daughter, who had already attained the age of thirty-five years; and in giving ^Judgment in favour of the parent, the judge said that he ^did not.think the (father could be held to be liablefor a ^daughter thirty-five years old " Why, on earth, not? - Surely this learned judge does not mean to horrify every- \- body in general, and: Mrs. Grundy in particular, by assertinrgibat ladies of a certain age should return to the aerial costume of their' grandmother, Eve! And yet it necessarily comes to this, if the poor feminine has no private means and her papa declines to robe his offspring. To persons of less mental capacity than this judge it seems that the spinster of thirty-five has as much claim on her parent for a decent gown as she had when, without any demand on her part, she was arrayed in long -clothes. Who, indeed, shall say at . what age parental responsibility shall oease or recommence, for surely no one would deny her a garment in her second ' childhood; a state she might easily attain in company with a centenarian daddy. Clearly the obligation rests with the parent^ unless he can manage to find some other man idiotic enough to relieve him of the responsibility by assuming the relationship of a son-inlaw. *. * * A new science is in the horizon. Next to phrenology, graphology,, and Others withpqually GqBek terminations, -mes soarpoiogy. It was HerrDr. r6, frora.Bi'e, who started it, and t is an established £aot that one can judge one's fellow beings by an attentive examination of their old shoes and according to the way they are worn, either inside or outside, on the heels or toward the point, on the top more than the sole, Ac., and it has proved infallible. If the heels and the soles of your shoes are systematically worn out, you are a ponderous and right-minded man, true and energetic ; if a lady, you are, or will be, a faithful wife and a devoted materfamiliav If the oucside alone is worn, well, you are wilful, stubborn, aud adventurous. If again you wear your shoes inaide, all is upset, you are weak-minded, irresolute, and maybe a coward; women in this case would be meek,'' obedient, aud modest, but of little value. And now if yoa wish to engage a servant, let her bring her last pair of old shoes; the examining of them will not be an agreeable formality perhaps, but it might prove a useful Whatever may have been the merits or demerits of her own particular case, the " ladylike person" who recently ap peared at a police-court in answer to a charge of an overcharge of alcohol, merely gave expression to a popular sentiment, when, on leaving the court, she exclaimed, "Why don't you go and catch your burglars, and leave decent people alone ?" Alcoholic incapacity to managA a horse and trap was the crime laid at the lady's door, and the imposition of a fine argues that her guilt was brought home to her. Yet, for all that, her parting cry of " Why don't you go and catch your burglars, and leave decent people alo^e ?' will still keep ringing in the ears of scores of house holders who have been robbed, but who still remain unarenged. That the ordinary constable, and iudtsed the pro fessional " D," is lamentably deficient in ability to detect what may be called " scientific crime,'' while the same in dividuals are only too officious in pro secuting butterflies, is a well-known fact; BO well known indeed, that it has passed into a proverb and become immortalised in popular song. Policemen are, in fact, very much like fidgety nursemaids, ready to chide and cuff for trifling peccadilloes, while overlooking or not taking the trouble to bring to judgment sinners of deeper dye. It would be well for all parties if this aspect of their duty were more fully impressed npon the force, in which case we Bhould hear of fewer arrests for venial offences. Indeed, there might very usefully be exhibited on the walls of the orderly room of every policestation an illuminated scroll inscribed with the text above quoted, " Why don't you go and catch your burglars, and leave decent people alone V A BUSTED GHOST.—" The Enmore mystery" is the latest Sydney sensation. Two inoffensive suburban families had their doors battered and their windows bombarded with big stones, thrown at irregular intervals for several days. Crowds came to watch, and a score of smart policemen were placed on duty, but ad-failed, and popular intelligence fell back on " them 'spirits." Nobody thojight of looking for the woman at the bottom of it, who has turned upln the shape of a hysterical little girl of 12 years, a boarded out State-industrial child, with a full confession that she was moved "in a dream" to heave rocks. There are no ghosts. But there are plenty of little girl*. This one in particular has been yanked back whence she came. Mr. Brown : «' I had a queer dream last night, my dear. I thought I saw another man running ofl with you." Mrs. Brown : "And what did you say to him ?" «I asked him what he was running for." 