THE CHURCHES. CHINA ItLAND MISSION. Mr Geo. Nicoll, of the China Inland Mission, preached at the Memorial Church, Wellington-street, yesterday morning. He selected as his text St. Matthew vi., 10 "Thy Kingdom come; Thy will be done on earth, as it is in Heaven." He said he did not suppose there were any words in the Scriptures more often quoted than these. Not only in this but in other lands would these worls be repeated that day, and not only upon the land but also upon the ocean. And not only was his text being re peated that day, but during 1900 years men and women had been continuously saying these particular words. Why had not God more manifestly answered this prayer than he had done ? They knew that His kingdom must be established in their hearts before He himself would make him self manifest. He was afraid the reason was that the prayer had been too often repeated as a mere matter of form, and that God was not really in the hearts of His children when they used this prayer. What an amount of worldliness there was in the world. People would go to an enter tainment on a week night, but they never thought of coming to church between Sundays. He asked the congregation, had they the (name of Jesus Christ graven in their hearts ? and urged them to consecrate their whole lives to oed's service. When Jesus Christ established His kingdom in their hearts His subj cts would have their eyes fixed on the Lord Jesus, and the example he set would be followed. Christ had often said that He delighted to do the will of God. They would remember how in the garden of Gethsemane, when He was inclined to shrink back from the agony which He knew awaited Him, He said, "Not My will, but Thy will be done," Is was right under all circumstances to do the will of God, and the preacher urged his hearers to let Christ reign in their hearts. Many people were in the habit of putting "give us our daily breead" in the first place, but God had put it in the second. Christ always put His kingdom first; professed Chris tians often gave first place to meat and drink. The kingdom of Christ was righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Was not that whht they wanted both Christians and the unsaved ? What ever difficulties came in their path the joy of Jesus Christ would sweep them away. Proceeding to speak of missions, he urged those present to pray for the advancementof God's Kingdom in foreign lands.There were some 850,000.000 of heathen, but the church of God as a whole seemed to be ignorant of this. The Moravian Church had been the missionary church, and for every 60 mem bers of that church it had one represents tive labouring in some heathen land. If their church was the same they would have, instead of only 4000, some 400,000 men and women devoting their lives to the evangelication of those who were at the present time bound down in darkness. The preacher then went on to refer to the sad sights he had witnessed in China, where there were 350,000,000 of heathen, the death rate among whom was a million a month. If they could look down on that land some sad sights would be seen. He went on to refer particularly to, and de scribe the treatment of, the dying in China-how very little comfort there was for them, and how as soon as the approach of death was manifest the preparations for burial commenced; the dying according to custom must be un robed and re-dressed in their best gar ments, and not by tender hande, but by those of heathen, and even if the dying person was groaning in agony and pain-a mass of bed sores perhaps-the prepara tions were continued. The men and women of China were dying at the rate of 23 a minute, and without the knowledge of God, the common superstition being that they would after death be tortured accor ding to their sins. Mr Nicoll then pro ceeded to relate numerous anecdotes and incidents which had come under his notice in China. What, he asked, were his hearers doing for the advancement of God's cause ? 'hey might say they were tco old to go to China; but they could give and pray. He instanced the case of a young woman who every year contributed £25 toward the China mission and gave to other fields as well; she could not go her self, she had an aged mother to support. They could not all go, but they could give and help the missionaries with their prayers, which might be a means of bring ing themselves to God. They had children, too, whom they might dedicate to the ministry among the heathen. They should place themselves in the hands of a perfect Saviour, who would teach them what they ought to do. The sermon, which was a very lengthy one, was attentively listened to by a large congregation. In the afternoon Mr George Nicoll addressed the children attending the Wesleyan Sunday chool, Patterson-street, on the China inland mission. He fully explained the habits of the Chinese, the way they were converted, and also the peculiarities of the Chinese women. His remarks were interesting, instructive, and were listened to with attention by the children. Mr Barnett, who is leaving for China on missionary work, also addressed the children with a few encouraging words prior to his farewell. 