THE LATE FRED. LESLIE. RECOLLECTIONS OF BURLESQUE. GAIETY FIRST NOTICE. Amongst the hooks worth reading, upon whioh there is sure to he arnn at'Hnllen’s, few • are -likely to draw Melbourne readers more than the newly published Recollection a of Fred Leslie, by W. 8. Vinoent. In two h'ahdsbme volumes,1 profusely illustrated, ah old friend from boyhood,a journalist and joint author with Leslie of his last great auooess, Cinder Ellen Up Too Late, recounts the story of his life from start to finish. His early proclivity for the stage, his successes as an amateur, the ruse by whioh he suc ceeded in getting his. foot upon the regular boards, bis hardly-won success^ his triumphs in America, in England and Australia, all are fullyreoorded. There is no lack of amusing stories to enliven the narrative, nor are detail of his home life and private relationship want ing. The pioture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, with the result that when yon oloee the book you fully know the man, his strength, his weakness. The lives of great aotors have as books generally been arrant failures, faulty in construction, painfully deficient in interest. No uoh complaint can be brought ■gainst the present work: Mr Vinoent is in fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his story thoroughly, has turned his literary fHIl to a uoh good aooount that from the day blrtb^''lab ' Aprll, 1866, down to the dark Deoember mornfcig, 1392, when typhoid fever claimed its victim, the in terest never flags. The enforced retirement of.Miss Farren, through illness, and the death of Leslie have almost quenohed what admirers called “ The Saored Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque." Whether it was ever worth lighting, or worth maintaining at suoh expenditure of vitality and artistio genius,may well he questioned. Like many other silly things well done,. hut soarce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and oease to bo; but the life of its high priest and Magnus Apollo is fraught with instruction for stage- struck youngsters, and may well give them pause. Strenuous and unremitting toil, au overstrained nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for sueoeBS like Leslie’s and a fortune of L16,000. The game was scarcely worth the candle. EARLY LIFE. The Hebaons, of Woolwich, military outfitters in a good way, were not the first, nor are they likely to he the last, of our middle class families devoted to ohuroh or chapel, who make the appalling discovery that one of their brood is that rare avis, a bora actor. Good Mrs HobBOn, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a busi ness to manage, succeeded in every thine she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy’s penchant for the stage. Good schooling, both at homo and afterwards in’ France, regu lar church-going, maternal expostulations, all failed to stem the tido that set bo strongly theatrewards. The church itself must be oredited with some of the respon sibility for having fostered young Fred’s dramatic tastes ; for at penny readings and parochial festivals he won sueh applause by his boyish recitations that in due course he found a place amongst the amateurs at the Royal Artillery Theatre. Here he chiefiy affeoted old men roles, but on occasion was ready'to fly at any game, high or low, that otftnd. - Th*. gnatmmbitloa • of-’;' thus early days was to play Lear in a London theatre, nor did this longing for the higher and more serious walks of the drama ever desert him ; burlesque waB only a road towards a predeter mined goal, the management of a Lordon theatre and serious parts, and for this he was preparing when death closed his ca AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days the play was one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for he had thus early adopted his nom de theatre, was Danny Mann, the hnnohbaok, a part he greatly fanoied. All went well until towards the elose, when Danny’s knowledge of the text gave out. Danny, shot in the oave while trying to drown the Colleen, has been taken to his mother’s hat, and there has to confess and give np the ghost in view of the andience. The bed on whioh Master Fred lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny’s tale was told with all the convulsions and moans nhioh enhanoe the effect of the death straggle; when, lo ! with the final twinge, off came the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying at full length with a book and oandle, prompting the actor above bim, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and the onr tain fell rapidly upon the anti-olimax. It wsb fortunate for ** Mr Fred Leslie "• that he had not to show himself again upon the stage that night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGELAND. : By the time he was twenty he had risen' in the establishment of Messrs Prater, the well known London army contractors, to a salary of LlOO a year, with the certainty of speedy promotion, but in 1878 he threw all this np to accept an engagement to play first old men at the Royalty Theatre under Miss Rate Santley’s management at the princely salary of LI a week. The late Lionel Brough was to star in Panl Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appear ance was a dreadful fiasoo. To Be the partr"In 'fabt,' he had never read it,: or^ even seen the play, bnt the chance was too good to lose, so he sat' up all night to study it, with the result that he was soundly hissed. Confess ing the truth, he begged for another chance So earnestly that Miss Santley at last con sented, and by the third night both manager ess and star were forced to acknowledge that he was the beBt Colonel Har ly they had ever seen. A year’s hard work at the Royalty won for the yonng aspirant the goodwill of his fellows and the favor of the andience,' hut by those arbiters of deBtiny, the oriticB, he was either jgnored orhadsnoh snippets of praise doled out as might have soured one of less deter mined mettle. Still he straggled on, making way slowly till in oomiooporm he found his feet and became in request. In 1879 he married the ; sweetheart of his childhood, Miss Louie Agate, to whom he owed twelve years of happy wedded life, and whose early death just before his second visit to Australia oast a shadow upon the short remnant of his oareer. After two years at the Alhambra, Iwbere bis salary rose to L12, and finally LI 5, be accepted an . Amerioan . engage ment ’.at. L25 a ’ week, and there ifirst met with - that stimulating en oouragement, both from the Freea and his iaudlenooB, the lack of whioh had been so keenly frit in England. ; There, in five jnoaths, he won a position which five yean’ 'hard work in England hadfailed to ensure/ and on Ms return to England he brought with him a three years’ engagement, .to;begin in August, 1882, at L25 a week first yew, ; L35 ' second, and 1*40 the thud. Before hie return to America, however, a ohance meeting wi.h H. B. Famie, the well-known litaettiat of to many cotnio operas, led to an engagement at the Comedy Theatre to create the part of Kip In a serio comic opera tio Tersion of Kip Van Winkle at a salary of L25 a week. This was in reality the crowning artiatio suo oees of Leslie’s life. Press and public were for once in fullest aooord. The American engagement had to he postponed and for 100 nights Leslie enjoyed bis triumph. A SERVANT MAID S CRITICISM OF HER MASTER.' Leslie’s servant girl was sent to see Kip, and during the first act *: a good- natuM neighbor pointed out her master when he was: singing his song, These Little Heads now Golden, which she followed with interest. Li the third aot when Old Rip croons the same; song in a faltering, aged voioe, but fails to, recall it, and breaks-dqwnj themiiilsft the theatre and went home; Next day her master asked her how she had 'enjoyed the performance. “Ob, sir,” she implied, “I like the two plays yon acted in (maturing the first two acta), and your song was beautiful; but after that they played another piece (the third aot), and some old man came on and tried to imitate you and to ring your song, and he forgot the words, and he couldn’t do it a bit; and I was so glad." AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. At the end of 100 nights the management raised his salary to L30 a week, but as the furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie aeoUneA afc the enS"of~Tua nine iaonthi engagement to renew it save at an advanoo eo L40. This was declined, so after 14th July, 1883, he took a month’s holiday before revisiting America. There he topped his pre vious uuccefs to such a degree that London “ Truth ” wrote :—“Fred Leslie has gone to America for the salary of' a Cabinet Minister, English managers feeling that they could only afford to pay him that of a Secretary of State.!’ In April, 1884, he returned to England in snoh a state of health that protraoted rest was necessary, and not till September of that year did he resume work, returning to the Royal Comedy Theatre, and to his old form in Rip; a lengthened provin cial toor following. To an interviewer he gave a peep into the seamy side of his life : “ If you think that our hook of life is a kind of gilt-edged edition de luxe by comparison with that of the clever aotors of yonr local companies who play a score of new pieces every year, you may temper yonr judgment with meroy by recolleoting how exceedingly arduous theee burlesque characters are. The frequent changes of dreBS and make-up, the dancing, the singing, the constant ebullience of spirit—all this is moat exhausting to the nervous system, and in my own case has led to serious illness.” But, with all its draw backs, the life was to his taste, and his affec tion for the stage never abated. He loved his work; he enjoyed it when on the stage, and there was no suhjeot of thought or con versation more congenial to him at all rimes than topios theatrical. Rip Van Winkle came to an end at last, and the hard-wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re-visiting his old sohool, and doing Paris. His opinion of Frenoh aotors and noting is worth transcribing: “My so journ in France taught me nothing, or rather only one thing, that the Paris standard of acting is deteriorating. I saw hut one per feot piece of aoting ont of the efforts of about 250 artists, and this from a man at a cheap theatre iri a cheap piece.” For a aeoond notice we reserve what to our readers will prove the most interesting part of the book, Leslie’s connection with the Gaiety Company and his two visits to Aos Jons Reid. 