YE MARINERS OF PRAHRAN AND SOUTH YARRA! PER OZONE TO SCHNAPPER POINT. PRAHRAN TRADES, SOUTH YARRA TRADES AND FRUITERERS' CLUB FRATERNISE. AN EVENTFUL DAY. For one reason or another, Wednes day, 21st February, 1894. will be long remembered amongst us. Many of us travelled down to the good ship Ozone imbued with a thoroughly nautical spirit and loaded with a comprehensive supply of rations. One eminent tradesman from "the road' started off singing ' A life on the Ocean Wave,' whilst another talker glibly of for'ard and aft leward and wind'ard until we land lubbers touched our caps to him and forgot for the time that ' He wheeled the wheel barrow, through streets broad and narrow.' A goodly number journeyed down to Port Melbourne, but the majority joined the ship at St. Kilda and when ' Black eye'd Susan came aboard' and all the youth and beauty of Prahran and South Yarra, it was evident that a good time was intended, but as far as the journey down was concerned, we reckoned without our host ; the breeze freshened up rapidly and we were soon pitching and rolling merrily, many being unexpectedly drenched to the skin with spray, and the majority having to make rapid, though unwieldy, flight to the ship's side. In reply to the question of how many were on board , one of the committee answered "700 ; and 600 of them sick.' Regarding this same sickness, one of the most amusing features of it was the heartless manner in which the fortunate few who escaped the malady regarded those sufferers who were amongst the afflicted. One side of the vessel was literally lined with those who fed the fishes, but the few fellow tradesmen who escaped seemed to glory in their discomfiture, whilst the sufferers had to apologise for their weakness by explaining that they had eggs and bacon or tinned fish for breakfast. The leading news agent on ' the road ' was particularly callous, and offered to act as wet nurse to anyone requiring assistance. But all's well that ends well, and when we were alongside the Morningtou jetty the afflicted ones soon forgot their woes. A few of our local dignitaries wore the imposing ' bell topper' and had to excercise some ingenuity in maintaining their balance and looking after the safety of their head gear. Several prominent tradesmen an ounced their intention of returning by train, one going so far as to say he would pay a pound rather than go through it again. On reaching Schnapper Point, the rain which had been threatening, came down in a smart shower and most of the company adjourned for dinner. When the party had mustered on the ground, it was found that all sorts of attractions had been provided. At the dancing platforms a string Band kept things moving. One contrivance, combining a merry go-round and see saw, was patronized by those who had not been sufficiently ' churned' on board, and enterprising photographers took pictures of many a loving couple. THE JOURNEY HOMEWARDS. Matters were fairly lively when the whistle sounded to recall us to the steamer, Mr. Oakley had so far re covered from his spill with Mr. Taylor as to be able to limp along carrying one leg in the air. John Tradesmen's Club Turner and another South Yarra notability had not been able to make a Conquest of their fears, so had departed for the train. Fred Dixon had for gotten the trials of the journey down, and, looking his convivial self, had determined to face the ' stormy winds that blow,' whilst Mr. Vrendenberg had quite settled down to arranging the Board of Advice business for the following evening. Once on board the fun was kept alive ; the bands men, having become convalescent, were equal to the occasion, and kept the dancers going, though some of the ladies had to dance together for want of gallantry on the part of their male champions. In on comfortable corner the South Yarra minstrels amused the public with some good selections, and in the saloon the Mayor had a pleasant party to supper, whilst many a voyager found a congenial companion with whom to fight his battles over again. The journey homewards was even more comfortable than a ride in a train or tram car, and the committee had the satisfaction of knowing that a most successful outing was not marred by a repetition of the ex periences of the morning. Credit must be given to Mr. Fletcher, who did his best to make things go smoothly ; the committee worked well together, the only fault being that they had not sufficient authority to ensure the ground being kept clear for those who took part in the sports. In having so pronounced a success to record it is but fair to say that to the South Yarra Tradesmen's club belongs the lion's share of the praise. They went into the undertaking with a will, and kept it before the public manfully. Every one on their com mittee worked hard to sell tickets, and it is satisfactory to know that their members pnlled off the three champion ship prizes ; no one will begrudge them this success, because it was so thoroughly deserved. The Prahran Fruiterers' Club ' rolled up ' in good strength. CULLINGS BY THE WAY. The good residents of St. Kilda sent their greetings to their Prahran brethren. Before the Ozone cast off from the pier Mayor Jacoby wished the Prabranites, through Mayor Davies, a pleasant day. Messre. A. W. Clapham. F G Allen, Gr. F. Prescott and R. Leeson, prominent members of tbe briny city's Tradesmen's Club, went ''down the bay.' Mayor Davies, Crs, Luxton, Furneaux, Ellis and Osment, Town Clerk Hinde, Surveyor Smith and Ex - Or. Jones were the municipal re presentatives. The steamer had much difficulty in leaving the pier owing the strong wind blowing. And once adrift things began to assume a very merry appearance. Owing to the 'choppy' sea the ship had a nasty knack of sliding to and fro like a rocking horse. As a well-known excursionizer said, ' If we are not drunk we look very much like it.' The vessel's sides, above and below decks, were lined with passengers, young and old, and all sexes. The reason for this peculiarity was soon apparent. Schrader's band played dance music, but all on board were ' wall flowers.' The Sweetest of music would not have induced them to trip the light fantastic. The executive committee had work to do on board, but one by one they fell out of line, until only the secretary was left, and he seemed to be very much ' used up.' Mr. Fred. Dixon 'gave up the ghost' very smartly. The ship was unsteady ! Messrs. John and Frank Dunham could not face the clerical work. The South Yarraites bore up well, but still in the case of many of these gentlemen the ship was unsteady ! Mayor Davies showed a good example. He was not afflicted with mal-de mer. If His Worship is competent to keep City Fathers in order, he showed that he was also able to rule the ' sad sea waves,' Cr. Furneaux, poor fellow, was really very bad. He was not himself when he came aboard and the rolling of the vessel did not add to his comfort. On one occasion whilst lying on a seat he was completely drenched by a roguish wave that came up. Town Clerk Hinde, noticing the circum stance, gallantly went to his assistance and aided him to a place of safety. The most snug looking party aboard was composed of Cr. Luxton, Dr. Fetherstone, jnr., Crs. Ellis & Osment and Town Clerk Hinde, Smoking the pipe of peace and chatting gaily, they were the envy of all who had been knocked hors-de-combat. Ex-Cr. Jones declared that for some reason or otber he nearly had to look over the side, but he managed to hold out — or, rather ' hold in.'' It was declared that a gentleman of the name of McCarthy nearly heaved up his boots. Mac could not be induced to have a d--k on any account. The ship was unsteady ! Said one man, 'I (whoop) would like (w-h-o-o-r) to have seen Cr. (W_H_O_O— P) John Turner aboard. (Whoop — whoop — whoop). Carried unanimously. Another voyager was understood to apply the same remark to Cr, Forbes and Cr. Maddock. ' Lst us spray ' said someone. At the word of command a heavy spray came up the side and everybody ' did a git.' There were several ' boys' enjoying themselves ' up for'ard.' As soon as Sammy Bowtell run to the side his comrades were in high glee. Dave White, a burnt corkist, made sure at one time that he was overboard and struck out in a swimming attitude ' Saddler ' Watson could hardly keep his legs. Cause unknown. Young Tommy Hogg was so bad that he thought the ship was never going to reach the Point. The ship was half-an-hour late in arriving at the Point. Considering the large amount of 'ballast' thrown overboard, this loss of time is yet to be accounted for. The local police were well represented They took part in many of the sports contests, but did not have the luck which they certainly deserved. After reaching land, rain came down and lasted for about half an hour. It then cleared off. The photographic fiend was dodg ing here, there and everywhere. If tbe fiend saw you talking to a charm ing young lady he would want to 'take you.' Too bad! The committee, while in a group were ' shot at ' by a camera. No one was hurt, but one of the photographer's plates was smashed to atoms. No credit is due to anyone for the way the sports were managed. During the time the races were being run there were more onlookers on the course than off it. As managers in this respect the St. Kildaites take the palm. Messrs. John Dunham and Reuben Jackson did their duty well as handi cappers. In the walking match the winner was disqualified for running. The majority of the hot water and tea committee deserted their posts. Mr A. M. Davidson, chairman of the Prahran Fruiterers1 Club, ably filled one of the vacancies. It was thirty minutes after time before everybody was back on the Ozone for the return journey, which was of a more pleasant nature than the down trip. For want of time the soda water race could not be run off, but it is understood that it will be fought out in Prahran at some further time. Is it true that a South Yarra Tradesman returned to his home by train, singing, 'Our Jack's come home from sea to-day.' THE SPORTS. The judges placed the results in the various contests as follows : — Maiden Race, 100 yards.— Hamell I, Phillips 2, Davidson 3. Boys' Bace (under 14), 100 yards — w. Burroughs 1, B. V. Jones 2 J Stewart 3. Cigar Race, 150 yards.— Warburton I, A. Byer2, Joachim 3. Girls' Bace (under 14), 100 yards.— L. Stewart 1, E. Dunham 2, M. Dunham 3 L. Jones 4, A. Willmott 5. Prahran Tradesmen's Champion Handi cap, 150 yards.— J. E. Jeffrey 1, J. Camp bell 2, A. Taylor 3. Siamese Race, 100 yards.— Stewart and Little I , Hogg and Boyd 2, Jeffrey and Jones 3. Hurdle Race, once round.— A Beyer 1, Beyer 2, Dunham 3. Egg and Spoon Bace; 100 yards.— B. Jackson 1, Bowtell 2, Burridge 3. Tag of War, Members only. Twenty on eaeh eide.— Prahran {Captain Mayor Davies) beat South Yarra Captain Reuben Jackson, Drop Kick Football open to all residents of the City of Prahran.— Spedding 1, 169 feet, Mannell 2, 164 feet, O'Connor 3, 144 feet. Old Buffers Race, 50 and over, 100 yds. —Walker 1, Nicholson 2, Ousley 3. Potato Race. — SpefSdin-r and ;,.. dead heat, Byers 2, Wyatt 3. Committee Bace, 100 yards.— r g;,,, mons 1, J. Campbell 2, F. Dixon Langley 4. B-jys' liace, (noder 10).— Tiioicis I Wilson 2, Male 3, Bowers 4. Gins' Skipping Contest.— Miss Stewart 1, Miss Murphy 2, Miss Wilmott 3 Mrs Dunham 4. Walking Match, half-mi!e.— Ciiauber. lain 1, Price 2, Bowden 3. Sack Rice, 100 yards. — Dyson ] E Conwav 2, W. Conway 3. Handicap Flat Kace, 440 yanls— . Hammell 1. Davidson 2, Cumming 3. Members Kace, 200 yards.— J. Campbell 1, Jeffrey 2, Bowden 3. l Coming Auction -am-. — Messrs Lc-mme an-i Haynes. of 333 Collins-street will in!d lhc fo!:o*ria;r siles : — Saturday ?24tli Fobnury, at tiieir rooms at 11 o'clock choice cnSKction of bulbs, about 400 lots ? Monday, 26th Fchsniry. on tii* premises at 11 o'clock, ' Vt-iia,' Berry-t-treet, East Melbourne, first cians almost new Isobec hold furniture, billiard (able, &c.; . Tuesday. 27th February, on the premises,' '? KilMarn,' As'infr-f-treef, North i'.ri^litonj at II o'cN-r;k, well-kept JjouseSioid furniture &c.; ; Baturiay,3rdMarr;l), on thejprenmeB, at tiir^e o'clock, eorner of High and Mount-streets, Prahran, valuable shop an4 cottage properties, to ciosu accounts : Saturday, IOtJj March, on ihe promises, Napier-street, Fitzroy, two two-story brick residences and brick cottage, under mort gagee's instructions. MOoiiJAL. — liic lirst of a series of musical er-?o:nc;s was held at the Duke ot' B linburgh Hotel, oa Wednesday even ing last, when the following programme was listened to by a largo assemblage :^ Piano solo, ' Colter Songs,' Mr Fred Ireiind ; and by su- cia! rs.-jaest ' The Evening Viliige B-ilifi,' a pie-^o camposei by the player for the last pantomime at the Theatre Riya! ; sonaj, ' Ora Pro Nobis,' Mr Stones; songs, 'Liiiorii' ana ' Brighton,' Mr Sandoe : songs, 'Si!rer Star1 and 'The Queen of the Eirth,' Mr Stevens; songs, 'Drink with ma Bjys,' and ' Man is not Required,' Mr Smndets: songs, ' Mottoes oa th? Wai!,' and ' Ton^h tbe Harp gently,' -Mr Hirry \Villiaui3 : violin eolo, Mr Keesng : s-iug* were also contributed by Mr Tucker, ' Valley of Shadows,' and ' Speed on ray B*rk :' Sir G/ias. Dyson, ' T.iir.s when yon fee! alright,' anil ' Tlie Daserter.' A£ter a hearty vote of thanks was pissed to ths pianist, Mr Ire'an i. fnr thr; able manner in wiiici) lie had plave-i a'l the acconipini ments, the p^rformer-i partook of a light repast, provided by tli ;ir worthy iiostcsv Miss Fagan. COXCEST IN' AID Ol' TUE SoOTH YarUA Home.— l'l-.e Sontii Yarri Tr.iiosmia's Cillb lias arran^ed a cipitii eTtertainment in aid of tlie funds of this des-jrvin^ inalitution. M-ioy of our reiideats will no doniit remember the very enjoyable evening ten'ieM'l by thn C'lii to t'icir friends, whureV.' Hiey fihawo.-i tii3 roiily g;ooi talent they c--in cotuininl. Tiiey hare, moreovar. s;cirTJ tiie nrvice-; of thos2 bril'i-inl amit-;iir.s liis Svilh Yarr.i Qickeites or Dysoniari minstr^'b Mi~s Josenliine Simueli iias also consnnlei to appear in her c^.Mi rate i renrezentirion of Mrs. Blobb. Mr. Pro 1. Morrison, wh.i created such roars of laughter on the Decision of the preyiou? concert, is to niafee a re-appearance with his won derful exhibition of veatriloquUm and mimicry, and as Mr. Energy Oikley puts it. — What more conld tlio public wish for? Tickets can be purchased at the 'South Yarra Gazette' office or from any Tradesmen of repute along the Toorak-road . Teie Coming Moonlight Concert. — \ meeting ot the cotnjiittee connected with ? tbe carrying out of details in reference to tbo great moonlight concert which h (o i-e Iield in the Prahran High Street Gardens oa March 15th next, ia ai{ of the Ladies Benevolent Society, took placo in the Mayor's parJour oa Thursday evening; last. There was a good attendance, and Mayor Davies occupied tbe chair. Litters were received from Code's and the P.)'ic2 Bands kindly offering their services to play at the concert free of charge ; iiolh offerB were accopted. Chief Justice Madden, on behalf of himself anil Lrfy Madden, signified their intention of lifioq; present. It was decided that the execu tive committee act as the reception com mittee. A novel feature is lo b^ introduced into the programme of event-, and one which is certain to find favour with the disciples of the land o'ctkee: a bag pipe band will be in attendance. The B. Uattery Athletic Clab, rpromiss to contribute largely towards the success of the evening. After a number of further details had been settled, tlio rneefii}? aj journed until such time as it is cillwl together again by the lion. secreUrv, Mr. Hinde. Educational.— The Prahran B»inl »{ , Advics met on Thnrsday evening, Mr. J. !; N. Cammiag in the chair. The other ? members present were Messrs. Oik'ey, Growenlock, YeSland, Cr. Furr.eanx and Vrendenberg. The correspondent pre sented his quarterly report, in wJjic.li reference was drawn 'o a letter appearing in the Age wherein i question was aslvci— ' How was it that only £47 15s SI wwH be available for prizes, etc., from tlie recent sclioo! c?Qcerts !'' A na-nb' if other subjects were also touched npm ' The correspondent stated that everythm' was going on satisfactory at the schools A resident of Cariton-street comolicH that bie daughter was refused admi--ion to the Hornby-street school oa the ground that she was without boots. Mr. McLireo, in a letter to tlie Board, said every child at the school was provided with boot, and he thought it woold he preferable to refuse admission to any pupil w!n«ii5 without shoeleather. After a short dU ^ cussion, in which reference was mile t' | ihe distress that was like!y lo e&rt; & during the winter, it was decided to J leave the matter in the hands of the | chairman and the correspondent to inter- | view the head mister, oa the aaderstand- J ing that he ba informed that his action « M the case mentioned did not meet tfith u ^ approval of the Board. The Bo»r^ ^^ disagreed with a proposal that had !-eea ^M pnt forth to do away with school bawds 1|| and hand over the control of schools to ^S municipal councils. The G-avernment ||S had conBidered tiis a wise step oa the -|| score of retrenchmeit, bat t06®^ II thought no good purpose would be servw ^ in that respect inasmuch as there wasn° » expense attached to the carrying oa°' w, Bofeool boards of advice. Want of t'8« a a!eo, was looked upon as a bar to conncil rM taking orer the work of the boaris. Sic* J| pay to teachers— On the motion of & 'J Fntneaax, it was decided to approve o. J| the action of the Minister of Eincntfon m -^au the matter of sick pay, which it ?-?' ffiH been proposed to reduce by one 1-»'L ||Bh Information was received that the Son* ygM Yarra school would be placed anler toe aHM control of the Prahran Board. 9U R.A.O,B.— The usual meetiog of *J §fll above was held at Host Doffs, ?*» HM Monday night, which proved a *« flHI enjoyable evening. Mr. E. Aigon Be* flHI was daly initiated into the mysteries » 9U the order, It has aleo been decided !( |Hl hold moothly socials in aid of the -b^ HI Harmony was contribated by Bros.*-Ml| Aigon Benc (French song, « Waitings ??? the 'bns' and ''-General BonlaBg*' |HM Stevens, Saundera, Witliams, S«--M| and Bsyd, Bra. F. Ireland offiaatfrS HI the piano. flll 