' We that are Strong.' A NOVEL.' By Esme Stuaet. Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' ' Kestellof Greystone,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' Virginie's Husband,' kc, &c;, &c.; Chaptee XV.-DOUBTING. Then it is wisdom, as it thinketh me, To maken vertue of neeessite And take it wel, that we may not eschewe, And namely that to us all i ?* dewe. There was an 'At Home' at the Deanery that afternoon. All the Close inhabitants were there, and were expected to he there, except of course the Desalhoud girl?. Marv Whitewood had told Basil he must com?, and he had gone and made himself so agreeable that Mrs. Stanmore maiiKCU mm as ne weuc away, ;iuu liiu K''ln- with whom he was on very friendly terms having known them as children, clustered round them saying last words. ' There,' remarked Mrs. Stanmore with a sign of relief, ' we really did off a great many people to day.' The eldest Miss Stanmore explained further. ' Such a comfort it's over ; these squashes are so tiresome. Papa gets near the fireplace and lalks about farm3 and business with a county magnate, and mamma says nothing but ' I hope you have had some tea.' ' People are delighted in spite of that,' said Mrs. Whitewood ; ' one can give pleasure with so little trouble.' ' I wish Inez and Hetty Desallioud had been hete ; every stranger asks, ' who is that lovely girl,' and it gives one something to say,' answered Miss Stanmore. Basil blushed, happily unseen, as he remarked : ' I know my mother enjoyed herself.' ' I don't often have a son* to take me out.' ' Failing Inez's good looks Mr. Wlntewood's sling was useful,' said the second Miss Stanmore. These girls were really amusing among themselves, though quite devoid of small talk in company. Soon afterwards mother and son went down the Deanery stairs from which the hall, displaying glone3 of highly polished black oak, was seen to perfection. They walked on in silence across the darkened Close, passing Canon Haybittle's home on their way to their own front door. Mary was conscious that Basil turned his head quickly when he passed by the invalid Canon's house. Her heart felt oppressed with a strong presentiment of sorrow. When they entered their own drawing-room the firelight flickered picturesquely iu the grate. The Canon was in his study, and there was still dn hour before dinner time. ' Don't ring for the lamps— I want to talk to you in this delightful semi-darkness,' said Basil. Mary sat down in her accustomed low chair and Basil stood beside her and put his hands on her shoulder in the caressing manner which was natural to him in his intercourse with her. Their silence seemed to say so much. ' I want to tell you about it.' She knew perfectly well what he meant, and yet she said: ' ^es?' questioningly. ' You don't quite know her or understand her, Mother, she is more beautiful than ? no, I can't explain ; but I want your help — I spoke to her this morning.' ' To Inez ? ' (If only it might have been Hetty.) He did not notice her question, but continued : ' Oh, mother, if I could tell anyone, if I could speak about it, it would be to you.' 'My own dear Basil.' A great wave of bitter ness swept over her heart ; with all her care and watching she had not spared him this grief and the disenchantment that must come. ' I want your help.' ' It is always yours— what for ? ' ' Yes : I know, I know. Well, you see, the Canon is ill, Hetty is so young — what am I to do ? Inez said we had better wait. She is willing, indeed, anxious to let no one know it. She is so sensitive. If you have seen her and heard her— but I want you to help me to do what is right— she said I might tell you and take your advice.' Basil had leave to speak to her — leave — from Inez ! Was she, Mary, becoming wicked ; she who had fought so many hard battles— she who had wrestled with evil as with a personal foe. She could not bear to hear Basil speak thus. 'Tell me, Basil,' she put her hand in his, 'tell me, will she— doss she love you, my own boy ? The woman you marry must love you.' Basil could not bear the implied reproach to Inez. ' Mother ! Do I love her ? That is the question I ask myself — but honestly I think I can say yes.' Alary knew that if Basil said, that, all was over. If Inez loved him— that alone remained, to be found out. If? But was that girl capable of self-denying love such as Basil ought to have ? 'What is the right thing to do? That is the question. Oh, Basil, has she said yes?' ' Yes, Mother, I don't wonder you can hardly be lieve it, I hardly can. Think of all the great and good men who would have died for her.' Mary wished they, or at least one of them, would live for her and set her Basil free. ' I must speak to your father. Of course it is awkward for those girls ; indeed, I quite think there should be no engagement till after they are out of mourning.' 'No public engagement. That would indeed be a blessing. If only she aud I might go one morniug to one of the churches here and be married without fuss. We are of one mind in hating publicity.' Basil spoke as if he knew the mind of Inez very intimately. Every new discovery of this new world made Mary wince inwardly, but she tried to make her voice sound cheerful. ' One cannot get married quite so easily as that.' ' Will you see the Oanon and ask him ? Inez is coming over here to-morrow morning. I did not like to fetch her for fear of the servants gossiping. She has you to advise her, Mother, but other wise ? ' ' Mrs. Pilbeam will be very kind.' 'Dear old goose.' 'Mrs. Findlay took her up rather violently at first.' ' Mrs. Findlay ! They can have nothing in com mon !' 'Foreign blood in both of them.' ' Suppose the Canon says we may be married soon, I thought, Mother, the sooner the better. I shall go back after Christmas, but at Easter I could get three weeks or a month to take her abroad.' 'Yes.' ' You see no obstacle ?' 'It is rather sudden, Basil, dear, and I cannot say I really understand her. Hetty is my favourite naturally, I know her so much better.' ' Hetty will like to have a brother. Thank you, Mother, you were always so good. Thank you.' At another time Basil would have noticed several things. Now he was too full of one subject till suddenly her silence recalled him. He eat down close to her. ' This is more than I could have hoped, and some how I owe it all to you.' ? Mary shook her head, then she laid it against her boy's 8houl'ler, her support, her own, till now. She had often looked forward and known this would come ; but still, now it had come, it seemed harder than she could bear. ' It will make no difference : you will have a daughter as well as a son.' ' Yea, yes, I wish you all the joy of earth, my own Basil. However, I heed not say that ; you know it \ I will go and speak to your father.' But still she lingered, and in silence of the darkened room she held him fast till Eounds outside told them the candles were placed on the table ready lighted for them to dress for dinner. ' You must wait till to- morrow, Basil. You would not like to settle everything till your father has approved. It has all been very sudden, you know : too sudden.' 'And yet I seem to have loved her for years. As if we had been, born for exch other. It may seerj inexplicable, but it is so.' ' I will go and see her to-morrow, Basil, aDd see her grandfather. Yes, I feel sure it must not be settled till later on. In fact, there need be no pub licity at present.' Mnry knew quite well that her husband agreed with her last words whatever they might be ; he had not married such an estimable woman in order to doulit her judgment, on the contrary he could trust her. The Canon was quite surprised at Basil's action. He was very young and the girl — slie was certainly pretty — but young too. Wait? Very wise indeed, but Has 1 was receiving a good income. He had expected something of the sort, and Canon Haybittle would certainly leave his grandchildren a comfortable fortune. If his sister had lived she would have had everything for her life, :md the Canon weut on through several stages of speculative thought always ending with : ' I quite agree with you, Mary. Itwould certainly be unfeeling toanuouuee an engagement now. Per haps nearer the time it might be possible.' ''By that time Inez may change her mind,' she thought but dared not say it. The girl's conduct was quiet enough now, but two years ago she had been a troublesome torn -boy, according to Miss Haybittle's account of her. The next morning found Mary slowly crossing the Close. She had hardly slept, but struggled bravely t3 show no sign of her iuward agitation. At break fast time Basil was impatient for her to go. She knew she must go and see Inez, and she had prayed to do what was right. The drawing-room of the Haybittles was the only one in the Close which had undergone no change in its old-fashioned arrangement. It was exactly as Aunt Emma had arranged it years ago. If the coverings of the chairs wore out they were replaced with the similar stuff, aud though Inez had im patiently remarked on the ugly surroundings, the idea of changing them was, Hetty knew, an im possibility. Mrs. Whitewood looked round as she waited for Inez, and wondered at the mysterious chances of life which had thrown this strange, beautiful girl into such an uncongenial home, and which had further been the means of bringing pain to herself. She could not pretend to like Basil's choice. She had lived so long in a dream of fair women, out of which she had picked out, not the most beautiful, but the best and noblest for Basil's bride-elect. But Mary Whitewood said to herself that she was not weak enough to be the slave of her feelings. These feelings, where they touched Basil, did overcome her and master her at times, but not because she gave in to them, neither because the struggle was harder than she could endure. This morning she hoped she was fortified against everything. She was going to efface herself and think only of Basil's wishes — wishes whose birth she would have given several years of her lifa to have prevented, but which must now be respected. There was a step heard in the passage, and Inez opened the door. In her ancient dreams Mary had seen herself fold ing Basil's bride in her arms and promising her tho love and comfort of another mother ; but now tho, wish was not strong enough to be realised iu action, besides, Inez was not a young lady to be enfolded .without her own consent. The girl was actuated by several feelings as she came forward, first by a new shyness, which caused an exquisite blush to overspread her cheeks, and next by a pride which made her at this moment dis like Basil's mother, who was, she felt instinctively, come to offer congratulations which she did not feel. She stiffened inwardly, and the old feeling of revolt asserted itself. Happily, Basil was not like his mother ; her sainthness gathered up its skirts, whilst he saw no need to turn and walk upon the other side. ' My dear,' Mary Whitewood said at once, hold ing out both hands, 'for it was no use talking of any thing else. She drew the girl towards her and kissed her forehead, and Inez allowed it, but did not return the kis3. She was thinking Mrs. Whitewood's greet ing was conventional. ' Basil has told me,' continued Mary, loosening the hands as she received no answering pressure, at the same time feeling a chill at her heart and a hurt pride at getting no response to what had been for hei such an effort to give. ' He is so anxious I should come to you first before anvone else. I wish I could tell j'ou all his goodness, but I hope Inez, dear, that the future will be a very bright one for you both.' Mary felt this was a set speech, and that the tone was a little cold, but how was she to force warmth' into it ? Inez eat down beside her aud looked down upon her lap, not at the gentle face beside her, and her first words only added to the mother's pain. ' Don't you think Basil is right. Airs. Whitewood, and that it will be much better to say nothing about it till— till we must. ;! ' That must be for your grandfather to decide.' 'Why?' 'Because, of course, it may be better for you ? ' ' Oh, no, indeed. You don't know how I should hate all the congratulations of the people here who know me, but who would say things because they are grandfather's and Aunt Emma's friends.' ' But Hetty's wishes must be thought of.' Inez looked up and smiled. ' Hetty ? She is not in love ? Why, of course, if she were, I would do exactly as she liked.' ' Ye3. But, of course— may I speak quite openly, dear Inez ? You see you are not of age yet, and you have never been out into society. You ought not to bind yourself down to a definite engagement if there is a chance of your not knowing your own mind. Do you understand ? ' 'No. Do you mean that I shall wish to marry someone else ? ' 'Oh, no, no, dear. Don't misunderstand me, Basil loves you with an affection which on his side, I am sure, admits of no change, but you — you have known him so little.' ' Yes. I didn't love him last week, or at least I didn't know I did.' Inez looked at Mrs. White wood, little knowing she could have said nothing more painful for her to hear.' It was so terribly true. Last week this girl had not loved her Basil ; it would yet have been time to save him whilst she— who was his mother, and had loved him every minute of all these years — must now resign her first place. ' For that very reason I want you to have time to think, to be quite, quite sure that you can never change your mind; never regret ? ' Inez blushed crimson, not from shyness now, hut from a sudden feeling of anger. She started up and walked towards the fireplace. ' You want me to give up your son ; you do not think me good enough for him. * Why should I regret or change my mind ? ' ' My dear Inez, don't please.' Mary clasped her hands to stifle her beating heart. It was, as she thought andfeared, Inez was so wilful, so unfit to 1 e Basil's wife. ' Did I seek him out ? ' '? Such an idea never entered my jb.°ad, you won' 1 never do such a thing.' Inez turned quickly round and looked at Mrs. Whitewood. For a moment she fancied she kiiew that other story and that she was speaking in irony, but one look a'tthe sweet troubled face of the mother dispelled that idea. Wo, Aunt Emma said no one should know it and certainly Aunt Emma was true. If only she could blot out the remembrance of it from her own mind, if —but what business had Mrs. White wood to interfere between her and Basil?— the one human being who was able to raise her whole , life into a sunshine of new happiness. ' You do not know me,' said Inez, almost gently, and half sorrowfully, so that Mrs. Whitewood was astonished at the change. ' I know I am not good enough for Basil, but I shall always ? ' Inez broke off. Mrs. Whitewood had doubted her; why should she tell her about this new feeling, this ; strange nil -powerful life that had crushed with a single^ blow the deep-seated ambition of becoming worthy to preach the creed of liberty. Her creed was there still, siroug certainly, but as nothing when compared with this new motive power ; now she would liy down her life for Basil, and not for a creed. ' You are young, Inez ; you will have time to become a better and a nobler woman. If I . might help you, I should like to tell you my experiences.' ' Thank you,' said Inez in a chilling tone, which would have silenced even a more bumble minded per son than Basil's mother. There was a pause, and then Mary stood up and came near to that beautiful gal who would very soon be -who was even now — the one thought and the one anxiety of her boy. The idea was doubly pain ful since she noticed that Inez rejected any help or advice. Mary had been used to having her opiuion respected, and, humble though she was, habit creates expectations which it needs a very high degree of humility to be able to discard at a moment's notice. ??Inez,' I want you to look upon me as your mother— as one who will love you very dearly for Basil's sake.' -' Tbauk you.*' ' Don't let anything come between us.' ' I don't think you understand that . . I am not at all like Hetty, Mrs. Whitewood. I don't think I look at anything with her eyes. I would much rather you knew.' ' You are cleverer than dear Hetty, and have had mire advantages. ' ' Yes, more advantages, more light. 1 don t think I am what you would call religious.' Mary winced, for Inez spoke so calmly, and yet so defiantly, that her mother's heart sank. ' I don't think the action depends on the word.' ' Oh, but I am not ? in fact. I think you and Basil ought to know it. I am a freethinker.' ' A freethinker ! But you go to church, dear child.' ?? With grandpapa, and of course it doesn t really matter. AU forms'are more or less superstitious ! ' ' Oh dear, your father — ' 'No, it was from a dear friend that I learnt to think and see things as they should be seen — Does this make any difference to — Basil ? ' Inez turned round quickly and the far away look in her blue eyes seemed to flash as she looked at Basil's mother. Mary felt her limbs trembling beneath her. It was worse, infinitely worse than she had expested. It wa6 this then that bad given her the terrible presentiment of conrngevil. 'My poor child . . . . you ? ?' She looked up and saw a smile on the girl's face. 'Please don't pity me. I don't think I need it at all. I only want to know about Basil. If he minds— then there need be no promise.' ' I will ask him, tell him ; but indeed, dear child, you are mistaken, you are blinding yourself— ' ' Here is Hetty. Hetty, Mrs. Whitewood wants to hear about grandfather's knee. I— I have to go out.' Chapter XVI.— SUNSHINE IN THE CLOSE. The face of all the world is changed, I thinic, Since first I heard the footsteps of thy soul Move still, Oh, still, beside me. ' Basil ! ' With a little cry of suppressed passion Inez laid her head on the strong man's shoulder. '? What an idea— as if— as if— the world itself could separate us. My darling, did you think—? ' ?'But, Basil, your mother was shocked — and how can I help it ? '' ' Well, what is it all about ? But never mind, it's all the same, and it's right now. Your grandfather says we must wait till Eastsr, or till near that time, and then it can be made public.' 'lam glad, very glad, I can keep my happiness to myself.' A smile broke over her face, but Basil could not see it. All his hearc seemed full of her, his whole being was ready to protect her and to defend her against the world. His religion— and it was pure and simple like the religion of a first century Chris tian— would do for them both ; perhaps at the bottom of his heart he despised the present fashion of women of throwing off the trammels of custom and of religion— it was a thing he had no great sympathy tor, not for want of the wish to sympa thise, but a woman's creed might change again— it was not an immutable thing ; a fashionable folly could be a bar to love. His mother was so good her self, so true, that Basil told bimsdf that of course she could not make allowance for all the vapid talk that went on in the world concerning religious and non -religious creeds. The two lovers were standing by the deep windows which looked out into the now sunlit Close. The December sunshine was, as sometimes happens, dazzlingly bright. Soft nebulous clouds floated in pale blue spaces ; some silent rooks flew across high up above the leafless trees, whose ever? branch, every twig were drawn out in pure light or clear shadow against the blue and grey of the sky. The shadows on the old wall were motionless, but close at hand some robins were singiog, whilst a few sparrows twittered pertly from under the Deanery eaves, fancying they were swallows. Winter was very beautiful as seen under the garb to the two who could thus look out upon its beauty. Basil drew Inez close to him as he sat down on an . old red damask covered ottoman. *( Oh, Basil, Basil ! ' she murmured; ' the whole world is changed for me, I did not know there could be such love as yours, now I can only understand it by ? ' 'By what?' ' By my own. YoutoII help me to grow, won't you. 'You know everything about books, and study will b3 easy. I have had nothing to help me all these two years but Marie's love, and Marie's teach» ing. She showed me that our lives must be used for the gpbd of others,' ' Of course, one must do one's best for everybody. But never mind that. Look here, dariing, let'« talk of real matters. You know my work keeps me very much tied to town ; I shall look our at once for a little house, so that by Easter ? ' 'By Easter!' lepeated Inez, with a smile, bo loving, so radiant, that Basil could not doubt her happiness. 'Yes; mother shall come up and help me to choore the furniture. She has such good taste. ' ' Not heavy mahogany,' laughed Inez, looking round. 'Do you know, BasiJ, I believe the spirit of people remains in their furniture after they are dead. Aunt Emma is here— yes, I know she. is, though, of course, there is no truth in ghosts or in ? ' 'Or in what?' ' I mean in an after life, at least— Basil, don't be shocked with me — I can't believe that there can be aa after life. We 4o — some people, I mean— do bj much harm when they are alive that it is kinder to think life stops when they die than that it goes on and on for ever.' Basil was not to be roused. He was far too happy to think about anything else. 'But I prefer believing in the hereafter, Inez, especially if I am to have you always. But belief or disbelief will hardly alter facts. What do you think of Bays water or Earl's Court ? Not quite so expen sive, and I suppose we must think of expense at first ; but I want you to know nice people. Of course I do know a good many, but when a man has a wife who will go in for beauty one has to be awfully particular.' They both laughed at this. -l I am glad I am beautiful, Basil, I want you to have the best, the very best ; as for other people — ' I hear Hetty coming.' Inez released herself. ' We must tell her now, but she must promise secrecy. Grandfather is so glad that we don't want fuss and publicity.' Hetty must have been very stupid not to have already guessed the truth, but she was discreet ; she could hardly believe her great wish for Inez had| come true. Inez would be happy, she would have a home of her own. She, Hetty, could not possibly think of marrying ; she meant to live on here and take care of her grandfather. She loved the Clos=e and the people, and the visits she paid to the hospital and to a few poor people ; but Inez cared for none of these things, and Basil was learned and knew clever people ; Inez would enjoy all that, and when Canon Haybittle could spare her she would go and enjoy London with them. It was all a bright little picture, and prosaic euough to meet with Hetty's entire approval. ' But you must promise to say nothing, nothing, Hetty ; we wish no one to guess, even Mrs. White wood and grandfather both think it best.' ' Of course— because of poor Aunt Emma.' 'There will be no bothering congratulations till the time conies to take her right away with me,' said Basil triumphantly. And the three talked on with that mixture of fuu and earnest which is natural in times of unalloyed happiness ; then Hetty left them alone again, and Basil brought out a ring from his pocket, a ring which he had chosen at Helstone and which had been altered to his fancy. It was a diamond forming the head of a snake holding its tail in its mouth. This design was as old as the deep searchings after the mystery of time and eternity. ' Do you like it, my sweetest,' he said taking her hand and fitting the ring on. ' The emblem of eternity in love and life.' ' Yea, it is beautiful, and as long as love lasts, of course, it is eternity.' ' ' As long— that is a new meaning to eternity.' ' But true. There, Basil, I feel I have loved you from eternity, but I .know that eternity will pass, oh, si quickly.' This heavenly period of love, enhanced by the little stratagems to secure secrecy, was perhaps the most toftpning influence Inez had experienced since she had been sent away from Helstone. How tender Basil was, how eager to give her pleasure ; what gifts he brought her, gifts which combined love ar.d thought for her wishes ; books she wanted ; and pictures she admired. They contrived to get away into the country, and then to' walk by the river and watch the water birds still left behind ; they listened to the river splashing on its everlasting way. Basil knew a thousand facts which Inez had never imagined. He could point out to her the haunts of many living creatures ; he knew all the birds by their song as well as their plumage, and when indoors he could share with her his favourite authors. It was -a new life to Inez, a life she could appre ciate to the full, but which would have been nothing without that passionate love which she had given him so entirely. It was a revelation of all the poetry she had loved so much, and which with the help of Marie's principles she had tried to expel, but which quickly rose again to the surface, partly blotting out the sterner stuff. She looked out of the window across the Close every night, and these words and the idea they convey made her heart beat quicker — Unless you can know, when unpraised by his breath, That your beauty itself wants proving, Unless you can swear, for life, for death, Oh, fear to call it loving. Unless you can die when the dream is past, Ob, never call it loving. It was Basil's last week at home and the time had flown on wings of gold, beating the cadence to the sweetest melody of love. There was a new spring in the girl's step, a new light in her blue eyes, fie far off look was there, but it was no longer sad, for with its intense earnestness there mingled a certainty of happiness. She often went with Basil to see Mrs. Whitewood, but both of them kept to safe subjects, and Mary tried to be kind and gentle, so that there might be no chance of raising the spirit of opposition. All the while there was a dull pain at her heart for Basil's love came in and out, outwardly all soft gentleness, but Mary felt it was only outwardly. She could not forget the girl's passionate hiughtfhess and she dreaded the time when Basil should discover it. Now be basked in sunshine and he feared nothing and dreaded nothing, but character, like the lining of a coat, must peep through after the nap has been rubbed off from the cloth. ' Inez believes in nothing. How can her life or my Basil's life prove happy ? When trials come, ? what will she do ? I— I have proved it. One's own strength is not, sufficient.' Then with more self torture, more humility, more upbraiding of her own shortcomings, the mother tried to make love become a reality instead of a false semblance, but to add to her misery and her failures she felt she had not won the beautiful girl's confidence, and that she could not make her believe in the reality of her affection. The reason was, as Mary truthfully told herself, ' because I do not love her.' Sometimes to comfort herself she went to talk to Hetty about her sister, but Hetty was radiantly happy, she saw no wart upon the fruit. Inez was' devoted to Basil, they would be so happy, how could; they help it ? Her sister was another creature since ? that happy time, so- much altered indeed that it was, a marvel; Inez was now quite patient with her, grandfather '8 tiresome little ways. And Hetty j ended her eulogy with -bemoaning Basil's near i departure, and the fact that the wedding was not to . be till Easter. ' If it could be now at once, dear Mrs. Whitewood, ? wouldn't it ie nice ? It is so difficult not to let out ' the secret, but I have been most careful ; Inez would be so angry if I forgot.' ' Not angry with you, Hetty dear.' ' Yes, sometimes she has a sudden idea that some thing is wrong, and she is quiet upset by it ; but then dear Inez is changeable you know. Before she knew B.asil she could think of nothing but those dry'boqfcs j on philosophy, and now she studies domestic economy ' and' Howto Keep House on Five Hundred a Year.' j The best cf it is that Inez would not a bit mind being poor. When we went about with papa, you know, we never minded roughing it.' ' Inez is changeable.' The words fell like lead upon Mary's spirit. Of course at this moment, glamour made Basil's love absorbing, but afterwards when the girl's strong nature reasserted itself what might not happen ? Was her love for Bazil a mere passing fancy, or was it something that would never pass away ? Mary tried to be hopeful but she did not believe in Inez. She could not. Their natures were so oppo site. Basil would find out in time, and h''s life would be ruined. He would never complain— never. She knew his upright character too well to imagine that, but— Could she save him ?— How ?— How ? To in dulge a hope that Inez might change her mind seemed so wicked that Marv shuddered at the idea, but to acquiesce in Basil's lifelong; disenchantment was impossible. To Mary every question had a right or a wrong side to it, and this difficult problem was part of the essence of her very life. The struggles of the past appeared as nothing when compared to this one. Was she to fail, to be beaten, io find herself slowly hating a human being, and that a beautiful young girl wbo, whatever she might do in the future, did now certainly believe that she loved Basil with all her heart. Thus Christmas Day dawned in the old HelBtone Close, and the joyous bells rang out the birthday of the man Christ, who had brought peace on earth and goodwill to man. In this quiet spot, hallowed by ages of pious thoughts, when life was less compli cated and the pathway of thought through the brain less tortuous, the sweet jangle woke up hearts glad ? and hearts sad, and one soul, who, because of the very goodness and purity of its ideal, was racked by its gaze into the depths of human motives, and the impossibility of living out a life of true charity. Mary Whitewood 's eyes were full of unshed tears as her radiantly happy Basil kissed her. ' A happy Christmas, mother, and next year you will have a daughter to echo that wish.' ' Yes, darling,' she said, turning away. ' Ring the bell for prayers. I hear your father's step.' The echoes repeated a happy Christmas, a happy Christmas ; but to Mary they seemed only like echoes of mocking voices. (To be continues,.) 