The North Dmulas District. A TRAMWAY REQUIRED (BY OCR OWN BSPORTSn.) In my last I dealt with the prospects of the Success-Owen Meredith mine, which may be called the parent mine of the district, as it is the only one on which any mining work worth mentioning has been done. Bat the first discoveries ou the two sections named quickly led to the gronnd along the supposed line of lode being taken up. The old Bnn Accord claim is next adjoining the Owen Meredith on tbe north-west. As pointed out in my previous at tide the lode has been proved both on and below the surface for a long distance in the O. M. Then following out the course shown in those workings (west of north) the capping of tbe formation hits been exposed in many places, by trenching1, until it enters the' old Son Accord claim* The country along the line is mostly a succeseion of hills, intersected by gorges until near tbe north boundary line of the Bon Accord, where it lies much lower, and it was on this part of the claim that the company did most work- Along the high ground the surface part of tbe lode carries only traces of ore*, bat wben the lower country is reached tho good oro lives up to the capping. The onetime Bon Accord section, and the Success Extended claim were both given up by their companies some time back, but they have been re-pegged lately, and are now held ; Messrs McKay and Grabime are the present lessees of tbe Bon Accord, while Mr McLean has the old Success Ex tended section. A little work was done by tributois on both claims before the leases lapsed, but no machinery was used, and consequently uo depth attained. On the Bon Accord section, for some few hundred feet next the north boundary, the lode has been prospected by open stoping to a depth of a few feet, and several shallow ebafrs were sunk. I cannot sav what ore the tributes sent out from these workings, but I know it was very little. Their operations, while of small benefit to themselves, have left a very nice asset to the present holders in the shape of a lode proved to carry good ore for several hundred feet in length. The small heaps lying on tbe surface are much the same in quality, so far as appearance goes, as that now being raised by the Owen Meredith tributors. On the Success Extended section tbe lode is showing from the Bon Accord boundary to about the middle of the section, this claim having more work done on it than the other. For about 8 chains north of the boundary there are a Dumber of short shallow treuches along the lode, and a couple of shafts, now full of water, that are, I understand, from 20 to 25ft deep. Some small parcels of ore were sent from the claim by tributors, though the total was not much. The seconds left from the picked ore are lying about ilie workings and are suffi cient to show what the lode is like. If the cost of getting ore to Leslie had been 15s or even £1 per ton, both these claims wonld probably now have tribute parties on them, and some kind of pumping machinery to get down. But where the bulk of tbe ore is worth 60oz to 7Ook of silver, it is not surprising that both companies and tributors threw up the game in despair, when nothing under 90oz would cover the cost of pack ing «nd then leave enough to pay the 'tucker bill.' One needs only to walk along the surface workings of both sections tOtget an idea as to their pros pective value if proper means of commu nication were established. Of coarse, the value of the lode at a depth here can only be estimated by the 100ft level of the Owen Meredith claim, but, as mining goes, and taking all the risks, either section would be valuable if they were in Zeehan. The width of lode seems to run from lft to 3ft judging by the open stopes. The ore is much the same quality as the Owen Meredith ore, except that it appears to contain more lead, »nd, I understand, not so much native silver has been seen in it. Taking the iode under notice to be a continuation of the Success-Owen Meredith, it is proved to run through the greater part of four sections, or orer a milo long ia one course, practically unbroken, and that it is (he same any reasonable person must believe until the reverse is proved. The same regular footwall, as level and smooth as a sheet of iron, shows in every shaft or trench. . Simitar very rich assays hare occasionally been obtained from the north part of the line, like those from tbe Owen Meredith workings, and the course of lode hardly varies a point of the compass wherever it is exposed from end to end of the line. It will thus be Been that the four sections I have touched on, should, under ordinary circumstances, be em ploying a large number of men, with] out taking into calculation other ground north and south of this group, through which the lode or other lodes may be proved if a little prospecting were done. Instead of the dozen men now working, there should be THREE HUNDRED MEN EMFLtfYBD on profitable mining. But good as the shows' undoubtedly are, they must con tinue to hide whatever wealth is in them while the present track is the only key to the district. It is simply wasting time and money to work there now. As I bare stated, ore costs £3 7s (id per ton to fetch to Leslie Junction, wbile every article that is required by the men either as raining requisites or provisions, costs twopence per pound weight from Leslie to tbe mine. And even at tbesc prices, I think the packers are full up of their work. The first four miles from Leslie is on the North Dundas corduroy road, which is very good at the far end, but wretchedly bad up to the sawmill. A lot of timber has been carted orer it, and the drains at either side have never been looked after— in fact, I should hardly imagine that anything bas been spent in maintaining this road since it was made. The cords are mostly sunk level with the surface, and any drains that were ever made are filled up, a state of things that soon spoils the road when heavy loads are carted orer it. A hundred pounds for repairs a year ago would have been equal to ten times the amount to-day, and even a hundred spent sow would make a vast difference. In fact, one more winter will render the road useless if it is not repaired. Seeing that it cost some thousands to make the Works Department might take note. Bad as it ts, the four miles of waggon carriage is, I believe, done for 7s -5d per ton of ore. Thus, the remaining four miles of pack ing costs £3 per ton. The turn-off from the road into the bush is about where the survey line of the Waratah railway crosses it, and here one's troubles commence. It is, beyond doubt A. TB&RIBLE; TBA.CK. Grossing creeks, flats, and hills for the whole distance, knee-deep in mud, with roots and stumps hidden under the surface to make things worse, that four or five nv'les of walking is something to be remembered. I have travelled, I think, nearly every track in the Zeehan Dundas and Ring River-Mount Read district daring the last three years, but this one takes the bun — it takes tbe whole oven fall Nothing would gi?e me greater pleasure than to pilot the Ministers of Works, present and past, footing it through that four miles with a swag up. If they survived the trip they would unhesitatingly admit the short sightedness of a Government that crippled payable mines as the alternative to spending a thousand pounds on a tramway. I don't wonder that packers fight shy of the track, for I would hardly take a dog over it if I placed any value on him, much less that noble animal the horse, with a load up. The skeleton of one valuable pack-horse lies by the way, a victim to the cheese-paring policy of a country's ralers. The poor neddy, staggering through the quagmire with bis load, had broken a leg and had to be destroyed. The owner swears the horse did it purposely, so that an end might j be put to bis hard life. And I can quite ] understand any sensible nag committing suicide to escape packing on that track. The gee-gee's bones, lying white. and ghost-like under the gloomy scrub, which is shut out from the sun for ever by tbe big tree-tops meeting overhead, give one a scare when be drops on them suddenly. Packersaverthattheequiue's spirit haunts the place in the dark hours, and appears^ to the pack horses still in the flesM Probably the ghost of the suicided nag sings to his brothers of the beauties of the horse's spirit-land, in which there is no packing and no Owen Meredith track. Anyhow, the live nags look with envy on that skeleton and don't like to pass it. When we consider that six companies were once prospecting about the group of mines named, all working at the same time, we wonder that they never com bined to construct a tramway to the road, or better still, to the Leslie railway station. The Success, Oven Meredith, Success Extended, Bon Accord, Almora, and Marcbison, ail had capital, and a couple of hundred pounds from each would have made a wooden tramway, even in those days. But what the companies neglected the Government should have done, for I venture to say that one of the best paying concerns the country would now possess would have been the OWEK MEREDITH TRAMWAY, The distance in which a good grade could be obtained from the road to the mine, or the cost of it, I cannot estimate very nearly, for I was not looking for a route, but the tributors who have been over the country and can best judge, state that four miles would give a good grade, and tbat the wooden rails, 4x4, would cost not more than £100. Sleepers and cords could be cut within a few yards right along tbe tram. Some time back the party made an agreement with a ra3ident of Zeehan to put the tram in, but the time allowed is now nearly expired, and I fancy the tributors of tbe Success-O. M. will do it themselves with their own labor if they can get the rails. There should be no difficulty in getting material on terms. It wou'd pay a syndicate of business people on Zeehan to do the work, if only for the increased business that would flow in from tbe mines there ; but I think tbere is little doubt that a cheap tramway would pay for itself with a reasonable freight tariff inside of a year. In conclusion, I think I have written enough to show that the Owen Merc jitb group of mines, though they may never realise the wild expecta tions formed of them by reason of the rich assays obtained tbere in the boom times, would nevertheless be large con tributors to our ore export if they were brought in touch with civilization. Without a tramway they might as well be left alone unless the waggon road were continued to them, which would cost still more than the tramway, for pack-tracks and roads are of little use in such country. Right here I give the Minister of Lands a free tip for a work that would be a good speculation, and that is to construct this tramway. But lie must do it at once or he will lose tho chance, and some other people will be reaping tbe profits which tbe Govern ment are letting slip through their hands. 