"WHEN THEY WERE ALONE." BY DR. PARKER, LONDON. "When they were alone He expounded all things to His disciples."—St. Mark iv. 34. When they were alone, when the crowd was not there, He took all the parables to pieces and showed the disciples the inside of them. He said this is what I mean : I could not say it out before the great throng of people, but I will tell you exactly what I mean about the sowing, the mustard seed, and the pearl of great price. I will show you now that we are quite alone just what I meant. Come quite olose to me. lam not going to speak loudly; come a3 near as you can, and I will as it were rather look it and breathe.it and smile it and tell it in words that will not be misunderstood. When they were alone he expounded, ex plained all things to His disciples bo far as the disciples were able to bear it, for he had always something more to say. When we declare that the divine revelation is final we do not mean that God has nothing to add to it, but it must be God who does .add to it. We are not to add to it; we are to grow it into all its beauty. We must take oare not to sow our own mustard seed, but God's. When they were alone. They had some time to themselves. Oh! to have a house to go to, oh! to have a nook and a book, to have no millions about you, to have nothing near you but the silence and the vernal apocalypse and the summer radiance, and the silence of heaven 1 Few can tell how good a thing it is to be really alone. It is a sign of decadence when the heart wants drinking and dancing and folly and merriment and great noises. When they were alone He expounded all things to His disciples. Why not to the whole public ? Because the whole public is a rough totality; the whole public wants refining, educating, and ought to be and must be stretched upon tbe cross before He can expound anything about the kingdom of heaven. We must speak to those who- understand us. Is it not delightful to talk ton soul that knows what you are thinking and knows exactly the right tone, force, and significance of every word you say ? And can any man who does not knew you really listen to you ? He is a poor teacher and a mean preaoher whom you can take in all at once. And therefore he exposes himself on a hundred points to be roughly handled by men who think they Bee everything when they see nothing. You roust get very near to Jesus before you can have on you the whole sunlight of His smile. Yon cannot preach everything in public There are wayside preachings, fireside preach ings, one-sentence sermons, little cadences of the voice that tell what words cannot tell. Oh! who can report the conversations of love ? When you turn the words into ink you spoil them, for they were not meant for ink, they were hardly meant for sound. You must have that wise far-sighted head that sees all meanings and reads well, by reading the soul that ia in the words. The literalist is not a commentator. Tbe Bible cannot be expounded by itself, its dictionary, and its merely outward and litetary apparatus—all these may be necessary; they have their place and function, bnt only the heart can interpret the Bible. And there is the great world. Jesus was a publio preaoher, Jesus did not shrink from the crowd. He knew the universal tongue. And all the while He was speaking He was saying by signs to the disciples, "When we get into the house I will tell you all about it." Many a sermon I have heard reduoed to con versation. Then I saw that there was meaning in every daisy flower and music in every tone. It is the same wiih the Bible, it must be read with the heart and the soul. Then there are men who can receive the word before other men can receive it. These are the true knight scholars. I use the word knight aa the Venerable Bede uses it in his Anglo-Saxon translation of the Gospels— K-n-i-g- h-t. There are men who live muoh higher up than I can, who hear the voioe of Christ first and then bring it down to me. I saw a ladder reaching from earth to heaven, and on it were the middlemen who came to tell roe what the higher thinkers thought. The law of primogeniture is more than a legal arrangement relating to names, titles, halls, estates. We know what the law of firimogeniture is, but do you know there is a aw of primogeniture in mind, in thought, in genius, in capaoity, so that some men catch the light first and say, "It is coming, it will be here presently" ? We need these great prophet voices. We are down here in the muffled air, and we Ree nothing but commonplaces and shadows and rough totals; we see no vision of light. But thiß has all come out in prophetic hints and declarings of tbe ever-nearing approach of the Son of Man and His kingdom. Have you ever thought that there are two aristocracies? You have been so puzzling yourselves about the aristocracy. What ia the aris'ocraoy ? Granted there may be an aris tocracy of blood—a thing which I utterly deny. Let us grant that there is an aristocracy of genealogy according to the flesh. Man is not flesh, man is soul, spirit, life, genius. Is there no genealogy along that higher line? Do you apeak of blood in man as you speak of the winning horse or the champion fighter, is it thus you epeak of man ? Still, there are two aristooracies—the aristooracy of tbe flesh and tbe aristocracy of the mind. Man may have two aristocracies or he may only have one of them. And yet Christian people nibble over their warm toast and talk about the aristocracy. Which aristocracy ? Here is a man who has no toast to nibble, and he is of the aristooracy of Aristotle, Plato, Shakspeare, Milton, the leaders of great thought. But if a man shall have a name upon some book of heraldry, then they think he is in the aristocracy. He may be in one aristocracy, but there is another, a higher, kingly, priestly one I I would belong to that higher aristocracy of heaven. I would be accounted a prinoe in the skies. And this ia possible by living in Christ through the Holy Ghost. Let me therefore tell you men of tbe middle classes, men of the lower classes, men of all classes, that there is an aristocraoy of mind, and we may be introduced into it. There are middlemen in philosophy and in science as well as in religion. Every philosophy, every science haa its preaoher; it is not only this one particular religion that has ite middlemen. Here is a great man in some country in Europe who has an idea which overloads him. He ia burdened by it, and he cannot melt it down into the common mintage of speech so that people below him can get hold of it. But here is a preaoher who has the gift of inter pretation, and he says, " I understand that, I will go and tell it.*' And he comes to me and says this is what he means. Now do you see it? He declares it and expounds ital'. He is the middleman, for he speaks from the higher to the lower.. That is preaching; this is the middleman in the pulpit, in the theological class, in the scientific class, the academy, and the university. Now I hear some men who have been five years students of theology, and have taken various gold medals and bronzes, who go to Germany to grope about for some kind of theological basis. If there is any country under God's blue heaven where a man can grope about for a thing it is Germany. There you can grope miles, and miles, and miles, and when you open your eyes you find that you have never stirred an inch. It is the wonder of the Bible that you never get through it. Yon get through all otfier books, but you never get through the Bible. I have preached twenty-five volumes of sermons upon this book, and now that I have written the very last word, what is ray feeling?—l ought to have some feeling about it—Why this, that I have not begun it yet. No other book could offer such infinite variety of material as is offered by the Bible. Now, when a man is instructed in the king dom of heaven ; when a preacher or a man of great social position has a revelation communi cated to him, it is with the divine intention that it should be passed on to the next man. I must not Bay God has given me this and I am going to keep it wholly to myself. I cannot. In all God's revelations I hear the great com mand, " Go ye to all the wot Id, and preach the gospel to every creature." It was meant for the next man, the next parish, until all the world has heard the music that was lavished on me. Now the only man who can expound his own book is the Saviour. He only knows what is in Moses and the Prophets and Psalms concerning Himself. He expounded to them Moses and tbe Prophets and Psalms, right up to His own self. Now I want Him to talk with roe in that way. His ascension is Bis nearness to me; He is now more on earth because He is only in heaven. It is a curious relation, but there is nothing paradoxical in it. He went np that he might come down. What I want, therefore, ia to have my own Bible, my own little personal Bible as it were, and to Bit a long time alone and Bay to Jesus, Now what does this mean ? and he will tell me. Then the Bible becomes a new book; He expounds it to me when we are alone; no noiße of the market plaoe, no roar of the bitter north wind, but a great calm and unspeakable peaoe. Now, Jesus can pass His kingdom through us right over all the world* There are experts, specialists, and universa lists. Jesus controls them all. He says I want to say something to you just now, Peter, James, and John: I want to tell you some thing, and you oan tell it to the others. They go and oome back, and tell it to us in their own way. They are specialists and experts. And there are specialists and experts in the expoaition of the Bible. Can you understand this original language, in which the book was written ? Yea. Read it to me. And he will expound it to me, and I shall thank him lovingly for all his exposition. And another shall be a great orying voioe, and he shall walk upon theolouds and the winds, and shall oauae the message of the Lord to fill the whole oiroles of the heavens. Now, my dear friends, what you want is not to write to me, whom you have never seen, but talk to your own pastor, your own friend, whom you may see any day of the week, and talk out your own soul to him. And never have correspondence where you oan have conversa tion. Correspondence never explains itself; it only opens the way for another letter. Here is the man, the smile, the tone, the emphasis. Now, go to him. But I don't want him to know all about my soul. Why not ? If you have reason to distrust him do not go to him. He is a man of God, and God may have shown him great wonders of the heavens when you were not there. Now you find out a man ; there is a man in your neighbourhood who can talk to you spiritually, confidentially. And so go to your friend and tell him all that is in your heart: it may be roughly, but he will appoint another evening, and you will get closer to one another. And on the third evening Jesus Him self will draw near, and you will then know how good a thing it is to exchange heart feel ings. You will know that Jesus ia quite near when your heart burna within you. 