uoctop spencer s ureat Crime. Iiwdb sitting in my office, half dozing over an interminable artlolo on nntrition in tho Uetvmediaal review. The fire in the grate waB low, the night wao Btormy,and tbo olook was ubd on tno stroke of eleven. I was about to tara oil the gas and retire, for, being a bachelor, I elopfc in tho room oonneoted with my ofHoo, wbnn there waa a pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for thin waa something qnito new. Middlebury wob a deaoroun eort of plaae, and the people nenally managed to be taken Bick at seasonable hours. Old Mrs. Jaromo bad beon threatening to die for tbo paet fivo years, and every time I visited ber she solemnly informod mo that when the de risive moment did como she desired ma preeont. But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now_ and then on indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet beon called upon to bo preeont at hoc death. Now, I thought, it must be that old Mrs. Jeromo is going. I took up my night lamp and went to tho door. A guet of Btrong, damp elect wind Dearly extinguished tho fight, bnt, shading It with my hand, I discerned tbo faoe of a woman. "Come in," I said, holding open the door. Shs declined with a gesture of im patience. " You must eome out, and be quick about It," she Baid, in sharp, decisive voioo. I pat on my overcoat without dsmuro, looked the surgery door, and etopped into the itorm. Ae I did so the woman laid a firm Band on my arm, and patting her fsoe clooo to mine, esid : "Dootor Lookwood, can yon keep a seoret?" " I think so, madam." "Swear it." " Is this seoret of yours of a professional oharaoter? That is, is it anything you with to oonfido in me as a medical man ?" ' It is." " Very woll, then, I sweat it." " That Ib right." A man reBpeots an oath, though why he should is a mystery, sinae men's mouths are tunning over with them. " Whither are you taking me, and for what pnrpose ?" "To tbe Clifton House to see the miBtreis,' was the roply. I Btarted. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken by Dootor Speooer, a stranger to every one in Middlebury. Sponoer was a tall, dark, rather distinguished looking potion, who bad bung out his sign in tbe village only a few doors above mine, bnt as yot he had no prsotioo. He was unsociable in the extreme, avoiding his neighbors persistently, and whon he did speak it was in go ouzt, half savage a way that no ono was likely to prolong the conversation. The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no ono hod ever ocsn ber. She was an invalid, and Miss Melrose, a friend of the family, presided ovor tho houee; and sat at tho head of tho tablo. Mies Melrose was very beauti ful, and won tho admiration of all who visited Clifton House by hor ease of manner and fascinating conversation. "As we walk along, let me explain to you just what ia neeaesary for you to know. My mietrcssis very ill," said my aompnnion. "I beg your pardon — is it Mrs. Spencer or Mies Melrose?" She Jaughad bitterly. " Miss Mclroso I I wonld stab her to the heart sooner than own her for a mistress. My miBtrcso _ ia a lady— noble, royal and of gonile birth, It is an honor to serve hor." "And is she ill? How long Bince?" ''Evor since sho married him— ourse him I" she motterod, in a fioroor tone, " Bat I must not get exaitcd. I must tell my story, ox rather hers. . Two years ago, through the desire of hor dying father, Alice Hondon be came James Spencer's wife. Before thai oho was a healthy, blooming girl ; immediately after their marriago she began to fail. Do you see anything efrango in that?" " Not necessarily." . "Let me enlighton yon farther. Dootor Speuoer was at ono time engaged to MiBB Luaille Melroso, but ho broke tho engage ment, and married my mistress instead. Miss Melrose was as poor ob Job's turkey. Miss Hendon was an heiress, and Doctor Spenoer was deeply in debt and herd pressed by his creditors, Do you see anything atrango in that?" "Perhaps so. Goon." " When my mistress married Spencer eho wai only seventeen, and had been taught to gontle, cffeotioncte obild, and it would have been easy for Spencor to havo won ber lovo. But he did not oaro for that. It paid his debta and bought him fast horses ; it set bis table with nioa and costly diohos, and pat it in his power to keep Miss Melrose robed like a queen. And all this time my mistrusB has baen slowly bnt surely Biuking, and look you, Dootor Lookwood, I think oho iB not dying of diteaso, but of"— sho lowered her voice to a whisper so the epoko the word " poison !" _ " Impossible I This is a grave obarge." " Of poiBon given ber by hor husband, who, at her death will havo the sole control ol hex property and bo free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to axpluia the details of the thousand and one cironmstanco wbioh has lod me to believe it, for wo aro almost at the door. It io nuvcr tho ooco thatMius Melrose and Sponeer uro out tho house s£ the corns time, or I should have called a physician bo- toio ; but to-nighfc the.v cro both called away by the death ol Mieo Melrose's oiBtor, nod will not bo baok until to-morrow. With the consent of my misircsB I camo for yon, and oh, Dootor Lookwood, I pray you savo her. I nursed her when her mother died and loft her a helpless infant ; all through hor innocent youth eho was like an own obild to mo ; and now to see her fading hourly bofore my oyoa ! Groat Heaven I If I know beyond n doubt that ha was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit." I wes already beginning to feel tt deep interest in Mrs. Sponeer, although I had never scon her, and like her own natso I was beginning to foal a deep animority tor Doctor Spencer. Mrs. Spencor received mo in ber bod- ohambor. It was on tho second floor, and was furnished with exquisite clegence. Evorything in the room bespoke tho refined tosto of tho occupant. Tbo warm air was fragrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glonoiDg around I saw tho purple blossoms and green lcuvcsin an alabaster vauo on the edge of tho south window. Sho wao a woman who, once seen, could never bo forgotten. I have met in my life many a beautiful woman, but nover one so lovely. She was tall _ and straight, with a pnrsly oval face, liquid brown oyes, and a dash of hectic in hor ohebk which ib not eeon in health. Sbo received me gracefully, as I know eho did every ono, and though thcro wob a slight embarrassment in ber mannor when I opoko ol her illnosB, ebeannworcd my professional inquiries without hesita tion. As for mysell, I laid aside all (also delio&oy; and questioned her plainly ee to her symp toms. Mrs. Kurd, the nurse, romninod in tbe room, and added msuy important items of information. , When she spoke of her husband it waa with a sort of hopolosfl sadness whiah distressed tno greatly- Not a breath of suspicion against him waa in her answers to my ques tions, and I felt sure that at present she know nothing of snob serious opprohon- sions. I was glad ij was so_, for, with hor finoiy. strung organisation it might have produoed serious results, I made my examination ol tho patient as alosely as I could, and drew my own oonolnsions, I oould havo sworn that Mrs. Spenoer daily Bivallowod oroenio in small quantities, aud the deadly drug was telling on her coseiitution. She said, answering my questions, that rho bod no phyeioian exaapt ber huBbsnd. Ho thought himself bettor acquainted with her case, and therefore bettor qualified to treat her. Ho no vcr left medioino for her to toko j he always brought it from bis office and administered it promptly. r Ttoa ffngjittlfl Inpoilggja.efl!)fr a.ewe, Anxious to dd everyemng, tua very ui'rouuu- stances. of the rdloir loft mo nearly powerless. A churgo of snob naturo, of course, I oould not make against Dootor Spencer without tho proof. If I hintod a suspicion everyone would.set it down to my professional pre judice i and if I could not oubetantiato my statement the doctor oould make mo pay dearly for suoh a Blunder uttered against him. Tho only dependence scomad to be in Mrs- Hurd. To hor I unboaomod reysolf freely. I told hor without reserve that I thought Dr- Bpunocr wae hilling Lid wife by oldw paisub, and I boaought her to constantly wateh to save the victim, and dioeovor some proof by wbioh we oan fasten tho guilt on her hus band. She smiled grimly ond promieod obedience, end I gave her a powerful antidote for tho poison I suspected, and went homo porlurbed and anxioua in mind. I did not Bleep that night, 'and all tho next day I was hi a high fever of oxoitsment. A ring at the fopll mado mo tremble— a etop on tbe gravel out side my offioo stopped my broatlt, and 1 hardly know what I expected to hear. I felt euro that I ehould hear something bofote I slept, And now I must tell tho story ae it was told to mo. Dootor Spenoor returned home the morniog after my visit to the Clifton House. Ho looked wretohodly, the nnroe aaid ; appeared gloomy and depressed. Mies Melrose oame with him, and looked deaorously sad over tbo death of her eiotor. Women of her etamp always do mourn to porfcotion. Thoy neither overdo or underdo the thing, as women of feeling are likoly to do. Dootor Spsnoci oamo at onoe to his wife's ohamber. Ho thought that aha looked ill, pud pioBoribed a cordial at onoe, saying ho ' would go ond fetoh it. r Yon are always ordering cordials for hor," said Mrs. HQrd,muaingly. " Why not take something yourself ? You look iike a ghost I" Dootor Spencor eyed her keenly, bnt ropliod oompoBodly : " I think I will iaka some of the cordial myself, for I do not foal quite woll. Alice dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health ?" Mrs. Spenoer smiled sadly in assent — she never disputed ber husband — and he W6nt nut. Presently he returned with two glasses. Both aontained liquor colorlesB and odorless. Mrs. Hurd was watohiog him with her heart in her throat, for eho told mo that eho felt the decisive moment bad acme, Thoro was something in the groy pallor of tho doctor's rigid face that told her of n desper ate purpose in tho man's soul. Ho lilted the glass to the right of tho tray and gave it to his wito. " Drink it, dear," ho said, "It's a panacea for all evils. I am also going to tako a glass of it," and be pointed to tbo glasB still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer aoccpted, and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hard interrupted, " If yon will bring her a tumbler of wator, dootor. Mro. Spenoer complains that tbs cordial leaves a bad taatciin her mouth, and my old. bones are bo foil of rhsomatism that it lyiarly kills me to go down stairs." The dootor turned and bent on her a look ao though be meant to read her through. Bat alio kept bar faoo passive. If he had any Buapioions her manner quioted thorn, and patting down the glass be left the room. Thon Mrs. Hurd changed the position of tho glasses. When he came baok— and ho was gone bat a moment— tho nurso stood exaotly whore be bad left her, and Mrs. Spencsr was lyiog baok in her chair with her eyes olosed. Again ho lifted tho glass— this time it was the one intended for himsoif— and placed it at the lipa of his wifo, She owallowed the aontents, drank a Iittlo of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, awoet way. " Now for my own aordiai," he said, with effeoted gaiety. " I iudolgo in something stronger." As he spoko ho tossed off tho mixture. " It mitde mo stone aold to my fingers ondB to cce him do it," oaid Mrs. Hard, re lating tho oiraumBtanae to mo, "but as Heaven ia my witness I frit no aousoiasee. I argued liko this : ' If it waa simply cordial, it wonld do no harm; if it was poison, his blood wonld be upon hie own sinful hond.'" Ho went to bed half an hour afterward, . complaining of fatigue. In the morniog they found him daad. I wa3 called to the post-mortem examination, and wo discovered in tho atomach of the dcooaood a saffiaiont quantity of a deadly poison known to modem soienoe to kill half a dozen men. My brother pbysiaians agreed that the man was insane, and hud probably taken the dose in ono of hie nnsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute thorn, bnt, even before Mrs. Hard told her www T Itnrl mw iaaw net to fttn lanitM of (lis death,' Thoro was no pnblio ex posure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretahed affair pablio, and so we kept our own counocl. Miss Melrose, in spite of my eomriotion that the hud an active p3rt in tbe aonepiraoy againet Mrs. Spencer's life, I oould not help pityiug. Such a miserable, worn and haggard face ae bora I have never seen, and when thoy buried Doctor Spencor she wbu confined to her bod with brain lover. I attended hor in hor illness, bat, though she recovered in boaltk, she was never herself again. Sho was a harmless maniao, whose delight wufl in gathering flowero and decora ting the dootor'e grave with them. She is living etill, and still gathers flowers and lays them on that gravo, singing to herself a low inuantation, which no one over protends to iindnrnfcnnd, Not until Mrs. Spenoer had many dayB been my wife, and tbo faltbfol Mrs. Hard elept uudor the violets, did Alice hnofcr the poifidy of her former husband. When I told her, after the firat shook was over, she oropt into my arms and whis pered: " But if it had not been for James' crime I should not have found you, Herbert. So good-, sometimes oomes out of evil." What is tho reason that all children aro < goniueos— though thoy contrive so soon to outgrow that dangaroas quality— except that thoy never cross- c-xamiiue themselves on the subject ? The moment that proaesa begins, their epceolt loseB its gift of unexpectedness, and thoy booomo as tediously impertinent an the root ol ns. PiiicTicir, application is the only mordant whioh v/ill sot things in tho memory. Study, without it, io gymnastics, end network, which nlono will got intellectual bread, No one oan ask honootly or hopefully to be delivorad from temptation unless he haa himeolf honestly and firmly dotermiped to do the best bo oan to keep out ol it. \ A nix will be behind while ho follows o leader, and will oomprehond the senna of his own oxistanco only when ho goes inde pendent. Katubb ie upheld by antagonism. Passions, resietanoo, danger, aro educators. Wo acquire tho strength wo havo ovoroome. Tmut all mon and _ women considerately and you will ho surprisod at tho dividends that como to you daily and yearly. It is a wiso rata io take the world as wo find it, not olways to loaveit so "I am1 in terror," sighed poor Mrs. Gaadmothor, " every time I hear tho bell ring, I know I'll hear something dreadful about Jack. I'm sure he's boon into some awful misohief." "What makes you think so?" asked her husband. 1 " Oh, bo oame directly homo from sahool thin afternoon, eat down and studied his lesoon for to-morrow for nearly two hours, and haa boen as good ae an ddgoI ever sinoo. Dear, doar, what has that boy baen up to, I would liko to know." Ouatomor— " I tell you I don't want the ooat,. It's faded and tho qolor don't euit mo." Isaacs—' "It'd vadod and der color don't suit you. Veil tako it for seven und a balluf." Customer—' "Besides, its bait worn ont already." Isaacs—' "Bo much der better, ma ehild. If der goat don't euit yer id'vont dake ypa uloazji lestt.itpn. _HmMo m&wi1.; !-k. 