THE FOOTBALL FIELD. THE QUEENSLAND TEAM ENTERTAINED AT THE ROYAL. A JOLLY EVENING. The Queensland Football team arrived in Bathurst by the passenger train yes terday afternoon. They were met at the station by many footballers and foot ball cnthusiastsand welcomed on behalf of the W.R.F.U. by Messrs. J. R. Butler, secretary 10 we union, lj. 1'. Mea gher, B.A., and H. C. Matthews. The visitors were driven to their quarters at the Royal Hotel, at which place an official reception was held at 8 o'clock. The large dining-room was crowded with many prominent townsmen and foot ballers, Toasts, songs, and recitations comprised' the evening's entertainment, the choruses and responses being given in a very lusty and hearty manner. 'Ihe Mayor presided, and after proposing the toast of the Queen, asked the com pany to charge their glasses ? for the toast of tho visiting team. He said on behalf of the citizens of Bathurst he extended tho visiting footballers a hearty welcome.; Unfortunately they had visited Bathurst in the dead of winter, when they could not see the. city at its best. Bathurst had not the warm unuium vi ^ucuusiana, ono one thing they could not boast of in the latter place, and that was snow, an element that had been rather plentiful in Bathurst for the past week. (Ap plause.) However, he had no doubt that the team would be made as com. fortable .as possible under the circum stances. He was not an active foot baller himself, but he took a great interest in the game, and. was vice president of the W.R.F.— (Applause) — and on their behalf he extended the visitors a hearty welcome. He hoped the weather would keep fine so that the gqme would bo a good one. At. the same he could not wish visitors success. (Laughter.) He did not think they could beat the Western men, but he would .would con gratulate .them if they won, (Applause.) If they happened to lose he had no doubt the Western men would not be too hard on them. (Applause and laughter.) He hoped the game would bti played in a good spirit, and that when they left Bathurst they would carry away pleasant recollections of their visit. (Applause. ) Mr. Austin then sang, ' The Song that Reached my Heart,' after which Mr. O'Shea responded to the toast. He said he was proud to be called upon to respond to the toast of the Queensland Football Team, although he felt rather sorry because he felt that he could no,t reply as amply as he ought to. He hoped, however, they would not regard him with a critical eye. He thanked the chairman for the kindly way he had spoken of the Queensland team, and the cordial welcome he had extended to them, The chairman had said he was very pleased to see them there that night, but he (the speaker) could assure them that the chairman was not half so pleased to see them as he (Mr. O'Shea) was to see the Bathurst fellows. (Ap plauso,) They ( the visitors ) had had a treat coming over the moun tains, as they had seen the first patch of snow that they had seen in their lives, f Armlauso.') He could not help paying a tribute to the New South Wales men generally for their hospitality. On arriving at Newcastle they were treated with as great courtesy as it was possible for. one man to expect from an other.. They were shown all that was 'to be seen, and were treated splendidly, although the Newcastle men gave them a drubbing. He coul-t not help relating one little incident in con nection with his visit to Newcastle. While walking down one of the principal streets he saw placarded on a barber's window 'All Queensland footballers shaved here free.' (Laughter and ap plause.) He felt sorry at the time that he had been shaved that morning. They were told in Sydney that they had arrived there at a bad time for football on' account of the elections, as many good men were out of town. Well, the Sydney men put enough good men into the field to give them a drubbing. From what he had heard of the New South Wales team he thought they (the Queensland team) had not tho ghost of a show,, but they would all agree that at tho end of the game there was not much to choose from,. (Applause.) With regard to the Western team he, of course, was anxious to see Queensland win, but he would like to see them win on their merits. (Applause). He hoped the best team would win, and he hoped they would carry away many pleasant recollections of good old Bathurst. [Applause.] He would greatly like to see the Wos tern team visit Brisbane before long. If they did ho could promise them as hearty a welcome as they had received in Bath urst. [Applause.] Ho had much pleasure in proposing tho toast of the ' Western Team,' coupled with tho name of Mr. Percy Colquhoua — [Applause] —and the W.R.F.U.. Of course he know very little about the team except by the reports he had read in the papers, but that made him think a great deal of them. He knew very little of tho standard of the Western union, but from the number of players they had taking part in the metropolitan games ho did not think he could say much to add to their prestige. He hoped that as years went by the position of the union would increase bpth financially and numerically. | Applause.'] A recitation by Mr. Williamson and then Mr. Colquhoun thanked Mr. O'Shea for the kindly way in which he had proposed the toast of tho Western team, and ho [tho speaker] included Orange in his remarks as ho hoped to see a fair sprink ling of Orange peoplo at tho match the next day. They weie all very proud to see such a good Queensland team sent into tho country towns. In fact he believed it was tho best team that could bo got togethor. From what ho had seen of them in the past he could say they were splendid sot of fellows and what was more ware good sportsmen, (Applause). Tboy could take a beating in a proper and honorable spirit and could give one when they liked. (Ap plause). He was sure the match would be a good one, and thfit everybody who attended would come away satisfied that they had witnessed a good exhibition of football. (Applause). In welcoming the (visitors he hoped the Western men would have the pleasure of -taking a team to Brisbane some day. From his expedience of the hospitality of Brisbane people he could promise any footballer who visited there that they would have a right royal time. Ho had nover spent such a happy time in, his,, life, nor had he ever been treated with such' kindneVs - as the time he visited Brisbane'and h'e'had Carried away pleasant recollections of the northern capital. (Applause). Mr. Pringle sang ' Annie Laiinie,' and Mr. J. R. Butler gave a recitation. Mr. Hudson sang the ' Death of Nelson,' and, Mr. Gerson sang two comic sobgs. *1 Mr. H. C. Matthews proposed the toast of the Queensland Rugby Footbal} Union, the bodv of whinli thoir visitor# there that night were the representa-. tives. The Queensland Union had been in existence some years, and there fore had an advantago over the Western Union which was only four years old, and the members of which weredoing their utmost that night to properly welcome the visitors to the city of the west. He could assure, the Queenslanders that they would receive a welcomc in the foot ball field the next day surpassing that which they had received to-night. (Applause.) Although the visiting team were next to unknown to Bathurst their reputation had preceded them. ^Applause.) Many Western footballers, including George Wyburd, Bert Read, Hughie Fish and Percy Colquhoun had visited Queensland with the New South Wales' team, and Tiad always .come home with glowing accounts ' of the treatment they had received there. (Applause.) In twp instances one or two' of the team were nearly stopping there altogether, and old GeQrge Wyburd says when he dies he wants to be buried in Queensland. [Laughter.] ? : He hoped the present visit of the Qaeen's , landers would be the forerunner of many, more pleasant trips, and that the W. R. F. U. would always welcome them in a right royal way. [Applause.] ? Al though the W. R. F. U. was not in the position of a millionaire they were grow-: ing daily, and hoped to send a team to Queensland in the early future. He believed that in a short time, instead of . Queensland sending a team to play New South W°les in Sydney the inter colonial match would be played in- Bath urst. [Applause.] For many years past Sydney had been looked upon in' '; football circles as New South Wales, but the western team had disabused their minds of that the other day. (Applause, a voice : Bravo.) He was sure the Wes tern team would fight a brilliant battle against the visitors next day, and if tho latter would let them win they would send' them away better pleased than if they had downed tho country men. He would be quite satisfied with a score of 4 f6r our side and 3 for Queensland. (Laugh ter.) On the other hand, if the figures ? were reversed, the Western men would take , their gruel kindly, and would walk off the field and and acknowledge that they had been beaten honorably, As the ' W.R.F.U. was progressing, he hoped, on the next visit of the Queensland team, to be able to entertain them in a much better fashion. (Applause.) He pro posed the toast with pleasure, coupled with the name; of Mr. Beattie, the sec retary. Mr, T. Thompson then sang 'I seek'' for thee in every flower,' at the conclusion of which Mr, O'Shea, in place of Mr. Beattie who was suffering from a bad 0 cold, briefly responded to the toast of the ' Queensland R.F.U. . ? ; -V Mr. Trivctt rendered a. song called 'Good Company,' and Dr. Kirkland sang ' John Peel.' Mr. Beattie, in a short appropriate speech, proposed the toast of ' the W.R. F.U.' Mr. Hudson then sang the old favor ite, ' The Gallants of England,' and when it was ended Mr. J. 1$. Butler responded on behalf of the W. R. F. U. He hoped the visits of the Queensland team would take place bi-annually. He trustedthatinhis capacity of umpire next (Jay he^ would pleaso bpth teams. He wouldlike to seethe Queenslond team here oftener. (Mr. Colquhoun : Every week. Laughter.) He hoped thp he?t tpanj would win, and that noither would r^ceiv? a terrible drubbinc. CAnnlanao ^ After another song or two E»r, lijnpr : hattie proposed a' vote of thanks to the chairman, when the company broke up. The following are the team? of , the Queensland and Western District to meot to-day on the Cricket Ground : — Queensland : Back, F. Ivory ^ three quarters, A. Austin, B. Bullmore, W. Hawkins ; half-backs, A. Gralton, W. Brercton, D. Allman ; forwards, J. Patterson. ,T. Holmss, M. Austin, R. ? Munro, S. R. Welch, W. Woods, 1). Milne, and G. Henslcr. Western Dis tript : Back, A. Hurford ; three quarters. R. Clayton, P. B. Colquhoun, W. Read, II. Read ; half-backs, G. Barry! J. Dibley; forwards, H. E. Britten G; Wiburd, N. Lohan, A. Ranken; - B. McKcon, W. Kirkpatrick, H. Fish, and L. Lane. 