THE LENTEN PASTOBAL FOE 1894. JAMBS FBAIfCrS, BISHOP OF SAKE, To the Clergy and Faithful of the Diocese: Dba⁢ Beioved ik Jesus Christ,— By Divine Grace and Favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Mindful of the great responsibility which devolves upon us, of watching over the flockcommitted to our pastoral care, we avail ourselves of the near approach of the holy season of Lent to invite your earnest attention to a more careful discharge of certain important obligations, and to warn yoa of certain grave dangers by which yon are surrounded. The main object Which the Church has in view in prescribing these forty days of special prayer and penance is to excite her children to more generons efforts in the fulfilment of all their Christian duties. The united prayers of all the faithful are then addressed to the Almighty God, with increased earnestness for the conversion of sinners and the perseverance of the just; and, in answer to these fervent appeals, Divine grace is offered to all in greater abundance. Moreover, the hearts of all Christians are softened into better dispositions by the devout contemplation of our Blessed Saviour's Sacred Passion and Death, which the Church keeps before their minds during this holy time. Inspired with this confidence, we call your serious attention to the subjects embraced in this letter. An ancient writer says that God has given to some animals swiftness, to others claws, to others wings, for the preservation of (heir life; but He has so formed man (hat God Himself is his Only strength. So that man is completely unable to provide for his own safety, since God has willed that whatever he has, or can have, should crane entirely from the assistance of His grace. But this grace is not given in God's ordinary providence, except to those who pray for it, according to the celebrated saying of a spiritual writer:— "We believe that no one comes to be saved, except at the invitation of God; that no one who is called works out his salvation, except by the help of God; that no one merits this help unless he prays." Hence it follows that we can do nothing without the assistance of grace; and that this assistance is ordinarily given by God only to the man that prays. From this you see that prayer is absolutely necessary for salvation. Although the first graces, which come to as without any oo-operation on our part, auch as the call to faith or to pa- ance, am frequently granted by j God even to dune who do not i P«y, yet St Augustine considers it eer- j tun mat the other graces, and especially the gift ofpe»everanoe,aie not granted, j except in answer to prayer, as, according | tpthis great doctor," God gives us some things, as the commencement of faith, j even when we do not pray. Other J things, aueh as pexaevewc*, He hat j ponded only for those who fny."*i How could we ever resist our enemies and observe God's precepts, especially since Adam's sin, which has rendered ua so weak and helpless, unless we had prayer as a means whereby we can obtain from God sufficient light and strength to enable us to observe them? It was a blasphemy of Luther's to say that after the sin of Adam the observance of God's law has become absolutely impossible to man. It is true, says St Augustine, that man, in consequence of his weakness, is unable to fillsome of God's commands with his present strength and the ordinary grace given to all men; but he can easily, by prayer, obtain such farther aid as he requires for his salvatioh— "God commands not impossibilities; but by commanding He suggests to you to do what you can, toaskxor what is beyond your strength; and He helps you, that you may be able to do it" Those sinners, therefore, are in error who excuse themselves and say that they have no strength to resist temptation. Bat if you have not this strength, why do you not ask for itp is the proof which St. James gives them—"You have not, because you seek not" (St James, chap, iv., verse 2.) It is certain that God is faithful, as the Apostle says, and will not permit us to be temptedT beyojid our strength—" Godis faithful, who witlnot suffer yoa to be tempted above that which you arte able;; bp* -will) make .also with temptationissne, thaf ybu may be able to bear it/" ^I. Cor., x., therefore, who "fafts/has no j^t^uW^ays St John Chry sostom^becaUse^'he has neglected to pray; for if he had prayed he would not have been overcome by his enemies—"Not can anyone be excused who, by erasing to pray, has shown that he did not wish to overcome his enemy." The early Christians indie catacombs, the martyrs in the amphitheatres, faithful to tiieadvice of the Apostle St. Paul, prayed with their hands raised to heaven, and Tertullian, sixteen hundred years ago, gives the reason for it—"By the elevation of hands we offer ourselves to God, freely placing ourselves at His disposal. The attitude of a Christian in prayer announces that he is ready to suffer everything in following the Divine Model of Calvary." There are many, unfortunately very many, passionately attached to the things of the world, who say that the observance of festivals, and, to their shame be it and, also of Sondays, breaks in upon their business, is injurious to their interests, and is a loss of time. Were we made for this world only, or were our advancement in this world the principal object of our existence, such language as this would be perfectly consistent. But we are Bade for another and better world, and our true interest consists in labouring earnestly for, and refusing no sacrifice that will contribute to ensure to us, a happy lot In that other world towards which we are hastening. The obligation of employing time in labouring for our daily bread is entailed on us by the sin of our first parents. That of employing time for the purchase of an eternal crown is the most glorious privilege of sinful man. And shall anyone seek excuse for neglectiag that which is his glory and his privilege, far the purpose of attending to that which is no other than a curse r Oh! how perversely must the mind of that man be disposed' how inordinately must his affections be fired on the perishable things of this world! It may be asked, why earn* a Christian save his soul without attending to these times and drcwutarw ? To the Catholic we reply, that obedience to the laws of the Chuch is a duty otewatU importance. To dkn we eqy* J&a;* gratitude for bit ilia g« received is primary feature in the thamtar «E a geod CarisQa*. There ai* many ia thene latter tune*—times ufcea, as the ApaaOe focetald, "They wttl net doctrine; but according to their own desires they will heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears" (2 Ep. Timothy iv., 3). Times when religious innovations and laxity of morals were to be at their utmost point There are many who say that the observance of festivals and Sundays is superfluous, or that it is injurious to the common concerns of mankind, knowing, at the same time, that more days are spent in luxury and things pleasing to their corrupt inclinations by these very men, than the Church requires to be devoted to works of piety. Where is the Catholic—the Catholic, we mean, who by sincere piety is entitled to that venerable name—where is the Catholic who can fix hie thoughts on any of the Mysteries whieh his Saviour has wrought for his redemption, and not feel the sensations of gratitude and love arising in his breast P Where is the Catholic who on these solemn days can enter into the assembly of the faithfnl, and behold multitudes of his fellowcreatures prostrate before the altar, and uniting in the great Sacrifice of Propitiation whieh is offered up in thanksgiving for the signal blessings purchased for us by an incarnate God, and not feel a glow of divine love in the interior of his soul? Such recollections, such scenes, must produce their effect. None but the hardened and the obdurately impenitent can resist them. The third commandment of God ordains that we should sanctify the Sunday, or the Day of the Lord, and it forbids us to profane it The natural law prescribed the saoctification of a day from time to time, by consecrating it to the worship of the Lord, but it did not fixany particular day. The Mosaic revelation specifies the sanctification of the Smbb&tk;, and the Christian decalogue that of the $M«r«y. The Sabbath was established ia the Old Testament in memory of the repose of God after the six days of Creation, and also of the benefit which He had conferred upon the people of Israel by delivering them from the slavery of Egypt—'"The seventh is the day of the Sabbath, that is, the rest of the Lord thy God. Thou shalt not do any work therein, thou, nor thy ami, nor thy daughter, nor thy man-serTant, nor thy maid-servant, Bor thy ox, nor thy ass, nor any of thy beasts, nor the stranger that is within thy gates; that thy man-servant and thy maid-servant may rest, even as thyself " (Deuteronomy v., 14.) The Apostles substituted Sunday for the Sabbath, in perpetual remembrance of the neat mystery of the Resurrection of Jesus Christ and of the Descent of the Holy Ghost. These Mysteries, whieh comprehend a spiritual deliverance and a new creation more excellent than the first, were accomplished, not on the seventh day, but on the eighth, whieh is also the first day of a new week. Our Lord Huaself sanctified this day, to a certain degree, with His disciples, by appearing ia the midst of them in the ceaaeie on two successive Sundays. It ia rightand just that we should give one day to the Lord after giving six to the cans of the world. The sanctification of the Sunday is a public profession of our faith, and a necessary nutriment to the life of war acuta. Besides the obligation of rett, there is that of performing tdmo« exerciaea. The first mad principal of the goad works whieh we must perform on the Lord's Day ia to assist with devotion at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. The faithful who have | arrived at the at «! reason we eon- [ manlnl nnder aah of mortal sin, to i knar Mass en Sundays and nil BjIj | Day* of oU^itiaa, as Chriitmai Day, S the F<«» «t An Gntwctaea (New XeareDeyMfeBpjhnaytfefc January), | the itMasna, Cam* Ckrati, FWttt of SamtaFetar and Baal ($Mh Jn**Kthe Assumption of our Blessed Lady (15th August), ud the Feast of All 8ainta (1st November). Besides hearing If ass, it is proper to assist, as far as possible, at the other divine offices, Vespers and Benediotion, and to occupy yourselves with acts of piety and charity raited to each one's state. Ton are not, however, obliged to consecrate the whole day to acts of piety and charity, but are allowed to employ a part of it in lawful and. innocent recreation. We say lawful and innocent recreation. Surely, no Catholio is so culpably ignorant as to say that an excursion on Sunday or Holy Day is lawful and innocent, which involves a wilful violation of the positive command of the Church to hear Mass devoutly on those days. "How it outrages one's tience," says St Leonaid of Port Saurice, " to be obliged to listen to the insulting language of certain libertines, who, from time to time, utter scandalous propositions which savour of atheism, and are the very bane of true piety.— ' A Mats more or let*,' say these impious people, ' counts for nothing. It is a hardship to be obliged io astitt at Mass oa Holy Dags.' The person who speaks in this manner shows unmistakably that he has little or no respect for the most Holy Sacrifice of the Mass." They plead the want of Insure, when they should rather acknowledge that it is the want of inclination. They have time to labour for the meat which perisheth, but will not find time to secure that which endureth unto life everlasting. Thev have no leisure! What, then, is the manner in which the Lord's Day is occupied P Does the spirit of the world lead them to forget that this day is to be principally devoted to the duties of religion P Does their covetousness urge them to infringe upon the sacred ordinanoe, and to take from God and their own souls that time which it would be not only injustice, but sacrilege, to devote to the business of the world P They have abundant time if they had sufficient inclination. To be absent from this act of public worship is to neglect a most sacred duty; it is, in a certain sense, to renounce all your share in the merits of Jesus Christ. For our sake the Sou of God comes down from heaven, and conceals his infinite majesty under the species of bread and wine, humbling Himself so much as to be whole and entire in the smallest particle of the Host For oar sake he renews the mystery of His Incarnation, is born anew in a mystical manner, offers tip to His Heavenly Father all the prayers and works which He performed during His life on earth, renews His Passion and Death to make as partakers of His merits, cancelling our sins and negligences, and remitting many temporal punishments due to them. And you reject these graces and blessings, and despise this offering every time that you carelessly stay away from Mass. The good Catholic will always feel himself impelled to hear Mass, unless a very urgent reason prevents him from so doing. In the bouth of Ireland there are two islands with only one church. When the sea is stormy the inhabitants of one island assemble upon the beach at the ap- 'nted hour and turn to the church. K »e they kneel in the sand, arise at the Gospel, adore profouttdtr at die Consecration, and thus unite thfenaalves ia spirit with'the Holy SacriSce\fr«m which they-are nWWfrdjfr th»iwiad and irtvet^How _truly aaut those Fathers! f^f^Tfa-W^Ttws to thee till de&xhu; » Btlifent, then, beloved brethren, in aasiatiag at the Holy Sacrifice en 8uadaya and Holy Day*, and unless to etneuasstaneed that to hear Mass even daily h a moral impossibility, era decided iafiiagtmant en the duties of your Mate in life, maintain inviolably the good habit of hearing Mm* every day, and you shall surely find all that 70a need, happiness hero below Mid tut eternal weight of glory hereafter. Our Divine Lord tells us that we "cannot serve God and Mammon," that " they who arc not with Him are against Him. What then can be Raid of many amongst us who regulate their oonduot by the maxims of the world, instead of the teachings of their religion. " There is only one way to be • Christian, and that is to be a Catholio," says Bossuet, whieh means to belong not only in sympathy and belief, but also in avowed and public practice, to the Oatholio Church, to the Ghoroh governed by the Pope, to the only true Fold of Jesus Christ, We are well aware that the support of good parochial schools is a neat burden, but the faith of posterity depends upon them. What can be said of those who, knowing the importance whieh their religion attaches to the Christian education of the young, as their chief if not sole protection against the evil influences which surround them, do little or nothing towards aiding as to provide Christian schools, and who do not send their children to them when they are provided. Fr. Faber tells us that a Christian who expects to save his soul in these days without doing something to help to save the souls of other* will be disappointed. Experience has demonstrated that in the pagan school system supported by the State the name of Christ is excluded only that the Catholic Church may be attacked with greater freedom, and that these schools, instead of forming Christians, may bring forth only freethinkers. We maintain once more that it is not a mere sentiment, but a conscientious obligation to resist to the utmost degree every scheme that would strive to divorce religion from education, and impose penalties on poor struggling Catholics, who indignantly reject the colourless, Ohristless, Godless instruction offered to their children. Wherefore, beloved children, let us all, as the blessed Apostle St. Peter exhorts as to do, "labour earnestly by good works to make our calling and election sate, that so an entrance may be ministered to as abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of oar Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ** 4E> Jixsa Francis, Bishop of Sale. ^Givenat Sale, Quinquagesima Sunday, Bract.ixioxs roR the Lsnten Fast, 1894. The following dispensations are granted by authority of the Holv See for the Lent of 1894.— 1\. Ib those who are bound to fast, flesh meat is allowed at the principal meal only, on all days, except Wednesdays, Fridays, Ember Saturday (17th February), and the Monday in Holy Week. 2\. To those who are bound to fast, eggs, cheese, lard, or dripping are allowed at the principal meal on all days, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 3\. Ob St Patrick's Day then is no obligation to fast or abstain. 4\. On Sundays, no restriction is plaoed on the use of fleeh meat, eggs, oheeae, milk, and butter. 5\. On the days, Sundays included, on which flesh meat ia allowed, fishis not permitted at the same meal. 6\. To those who fast, a collation, which must sot exceed eight ounces, it allowed ia the morning of bread and tea, or other simple food, with a little milk, butter, oheaee,Tegetablft», fruit ©rhooey; and in the evening a aaall collation not exceeding a few ounces. The use of milk and batter is prohibited on Ash Wednesday .and Good Friday. 7\. With these mitigations, all who have attained the age of twenty-one years, and are bound to fast, are earnestly exhorted to observe the rales of fasting and (abstinence. By those who are not bound to fast are meant only those who, by reason of their age, their labour, or their illness, are exempt from the law of fasting. 8\. Those who, from a reasonable motive, require further dispensation from fast or abstinence, or have any doubt of their obligation, will apply to their conessor, who is empowered to dispense in suoh oases. 9\. The time fOr fulfilling the preoept of Easter Communion i« from Ash Wednesday till the Octave Day of the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul (both inclusive.) The clergy will fix a convenient hour for the daily Mass and evening devotions, with instructions, at which it is most desirable that all should attend daring Lent whenever it is possible. All who oannot assist at the publio devotions in a church or ohapel are earnestly exhorted to assemble their families in the evening for the pious reoitation of the Aosary and the Litany of Our BleBBed Lady. Jakes Frakcis, Bishop of Sale. xGiven at Sale, Quinquagesima Sunday, FOB LASSITUDE, ' ' TORPIDITY, \ J., SOUR STOMA<JHj\> ,,.. 1 indigestion; —- HEADACHE, BACKACHE, etc., * r- ft? i» i h " • Take a couple of Fletcher's Pills every secon night; they ate a prompt and sure cure and give certain relief. FLETCHER'S PILLS are a quick, sure and reliable remedy for all complaints arising from torpid liver, indigestion, weak stomach, and impurities of the blood. They are prepared on rational and sensible lines and do not contain a particle of calomel, gamboge, or any drastic purgative, but operate by perfectly natural means, by stimulating the liver and increasing the flo of bile and thus producing easy evacuations and natural catharses without the annoyance and pain of griping and purging. Beware of the many harmful substitutes on sale in many shops. None are genuine unless they bear the signature of F. Moore Olements on the ontside wrapper. CLE- MENTS' TONIC and FLETCHER'S PILLS have become sueh household words that imitations are frequently offered. We contend that this imitation is the sinoerest proof ot their virtues, so see that you always get the genuine, bearing the name and address ot F. M. Olements, Newtown, Sydney. Buamo so Dsath.—In a fire which occurred at about8 a.m. on Wednesday in a lodging house in Flinders-lane kept by George Chamberlain and his wife, Henry H. George Cole, second verger in 8t Paul's (Anglican) Oathedral, lost bis life, having been cut off by the firein an attic where he slept, dole was single, about 40 years ot age, a native ot Readinjt, Berks, England, and con o! a Ohureh ot England minister. Antra religion Is one whose truths are eternal. It there be in a religion anything which is to pass away at a certain time,tha religion should then disappear. But a proper Church remains eternally. Wkbh you know anything, to hold that yoo know it; and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it—tha is knowledge. 