Two-tailed ^Timothy. ' A J^sciiiJi, Stoby; ,- yimotliy. waS'a lizard with two-tails. They hsid tfia appearance of a fork ; and, because no other lir-anlB who liyôd along the cutle wall could bo^t of more than one tail, Timothy "fera exceedingly :proud of himself. He could liotrtln aAy faater xhm hia companions, or catch fliea in a mora elegant way, hat because of his tail» he gave himself such ai^s that really it was almost- past endurance. " .The lizards wbp lived in the ivy on the wall grew tired, of Two-tailed Timuthy. As a curiosity he was all very well, and Btufted and pit in a museum he Would have been delightful; but a» it was they found Timothy, with his airs and graoes, rather too much for their herves. ! One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a Hrthdayparty on the sunny side of the wall, and everybody who was in society went to it, in eluding Timothy. At this party the lizards, iiimhie as they were, got caught ; about half -adozen escaped, bnt the rest were captured in a net by two English boys who had been prowling about the old wall for some time. Some of the lizards were so frightened that their tails dropped off. The boys examined their unfortunate captives, and one of them cried with astonishment: "Look at -that' fallow. Jack; why, if he hasn't got two tails ! We'll keep him, won't we?" "So he has !" exclaimed the other boy; " thafe a queer thing I And look here, Fred, this one's a fine one ; let's keep the twe and throw the others away."* " AH right," said Jack ; and away went the «est of the lizarae, some with tails and some without, bat all delighted to get off anyhow. ' - Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put in a kind of cage which the boys constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves. The Patriarch wept because he felt that it waa hard, at his time of life, to be caught by a eouple of boys ; and Timothy pined for the joys of liberty, the sunny wall, and the juicv flies that were no longer within reach of a "snap. Alas! his tails had been his undoing. Without them he might bave'pasted unnoticed, and been again~a free and happy lizard. Z i n ^ J ^ t people, and telling them what he did at their age, but, as the juvenile lizards could run faster than he coûlcL, it was not often that he could make them attend to him. But now there was Timothy at hand, and the wretched Timothy could not escape. The Pstriarph talked and talked to Eruch'pui:- posethat at the end of two days Timothy was>positively limp, without energy enough left to raap upa. 6y. The boyaeaid he wafisulky, and tried to make him lively by poking him with bits of slick, which did not, however, have the desired effect. Timothy sat all day long in a comer of the cage, and even his cherished tails ceased to give him the slightest pleasure.- At last ttie Patriarch, who had been ' poking about the premises by way of amusing himself, took pity upon his dejected fellow- sufferer. He ^veat briskly np to him as he Bat in iiiB corner *nd gave him a good thump. : *i You ought to be ashamed to sit moping there, a young fellow like you!" cried the old gentleman. " Getaway !" said Timothy sulkily. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself," proeeded the Patriarch, " when there is a hole at the back of the cage that a thin lizard—mark me a thin slender lizard—might crawl through at a pinch." " what !" cried Timothy, springing up, " a hole ? Did you say a hole ?" " I did mention the word hole," replied the Patriarch, marching off ; " it is a hole that's of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will give it to you. You can get through, unless those ridiculous tails jstop you.'' Timothy's heart fell when he discovered how extremely small was the hole in question ; yet a desperate longing for liberty took possession of him. He went to his companion and told hij difficulty ; his tails were in the way. " Bite them off, then!" returned the Patri-' arch, with cruel calmness. Timothy shivered ; never could he adopt Buch a terrible remedy, and he timidly asked whether there were no other way. "Well, there is one other method," admitted the Patriarch. " Supposing you could be well -frightened, yodr tails—Derhaps one, perhaps both—might drop off. You recollect what happened to our friends the day we were caught?» : Yea, Timothy, with a thrill of hope, lemembere&ihe; Jouae, .jwriftgling tail* ,- -and- he oat dowttftnèeldy by the Patriarch, and asked him to be so good, as to frighten him well. "I don't mind trymg," answered the latter, kindly ; and he began to relate the most startling tales he could think of, while Timothy tried as hard as he could to be frightened. . _ The Patriarch talked and talked, but the lizard's tails showed no signs of alarm; they were most hardened, obstinate tails ! Then the dusk fell, and the Patriarch took to ghost stories. Hia voice got lower and lower, and drowsier and drowsier, the old gentleman seemed dropping off to atfesp. "Andso the four-ond-twenty white- sheeted figure» went one by one out of the barp," he mumbled; "and the last one—turned—round— and—said—Bol" ThÎB the Patriarch positively shouted, making a sudden spring at Timothy with gleaming eyes. The young lizard was BO taken by surprise that he jumped np in tbe air, and, joy, joy ! his tail» dropped off ! "Ah!" said his companion, "I thought I should manage to frighten you somehow. Now be off, my young friend, and mind you recollect all the good advice I have given you." Timothy scampered to the hole, squeezed himself through; then away he went, a free, tJiDogh tafllaw, llzaxd. In course of time his nils grew again, and even longer and more elegantly taper than before; -whereat Timothy rejoiced exceedingly, but waa kept humble by the remembranoe of his former calamity. He lived to a good-old age, and was-always regarded by everybody as one of the cnriositieg of the neighbor hood.— li'jT . • 1 ' SHEILA, in " little Folks." 1 la the course of great trial* there is usually a good deal of speculation - as to the amonnt of expenditure incurred t>y the rival litigants- Mr Labouchere gives, in " Truth," a criterion by which a rough aStinfate may be formedin BUch matters. In defending the recent action ^ brought ajjaioet him fey the Zier«nbergs, hifi costs amounted+0 what he crïla the "modest trifle" of L4784 17s. Mr Labondtere was completely jmccessfnl in the action in all save recovering his costs from tlae plaintiffs. 