. ^.OAiAiV WAEEIOE. LOUISE MICHEL, THE SHOTGUN REV OLUTIONIST OF PARIS. Aft n Ttcpiilillcnn A pi tutor ShoPonred Forth , Eloquence Against the Mouarchy and j; : Elrod 15a!lets Into theltauksofihc Army When It Suppressed tlio Coumiune. [Copyright, 1S03, by American Press Associa tion. Book rights resented.] NTHE22dof Jim uary ,1S71 ,a strnuge scene was enacted on the plaza in front of the hotel de ville, or town hall of Paris, and strange characters were mixed up in it. The city was under siege; the people were starv ing; the Germans were daily knock ing down a fort or breaking a ram part. Capitulation was urged by some, indorsed as a last resort by the masses and hotly opposed by a revo rationary minority. .a oauu or insurgents variously known as “Reds,” “Nationalists” and “Communists” forced their way to the headquarters of tho garrison at city hall to Wring from the commnndcr a promise not to surrender to the Iron Hand. \- Some were armed with rifles, swords or pistols, though there was no attempt at military formation. It was just an angry, heedless mob. The authorities declared that no surrender was contemplated, and tho mass of the "RedB” muttering that treason was afoot suddenly withdrew, for fear—ns tho cooler among them urged—that tho peace would bo endangered by a heated parley. However, a handful of those carry ing weapons lingered, among them a young woman agitator of the revolutionary eluhs, Louise Michel. She was S3 years old, bred In country solitude, Immature, and before the Franco-Prussian war had kept a school for girls in a suburban district called Mont martre. She was enrobed in deep bluck ns a symbol of France mourning for her lost liberties, and carried a rifle asTtihe badge of her militant apostlesliip. After the main . party of "Reds” had abandoned the plaza, the garrison of tho hotel do ville—French regulars who had their orders for just such an emergency—threw up the window sash and fired on tho mob. The square was quickly cleared of all butadariugfew, who, With some of tho armed revolutionists that turned back at tho sound of tho firing, be gan to shoot at the riflemen in the win dows. Louise was one of tho fiercest lead ers in this retaliation, aud several persons caught bullets meant forhernlone. A wom an of the crowd who was her double, in Bice, dress and features, was killed on the spot. That scene was tho baptism of fire for tho communists in tho bloody war between Paris and the government of Franco. Louise Michel came out of the struggle tho heroine of the new revolution—a lesser Joan of Arc, for though sho took up arnjs •hodidu't save tho realm, and not a Char iot o Cordny, because, though carrying a 4iii : dagger, she struck no tyrant down. Hi. died on the barricades of the com mit: u might bo remembered as chief of the ...w of heroine martyrs, tho greatest bei ■ : ■■ last in tho hearts of her people. the Parisian radicals had pro elai : republic in Franco while Nn poh m.y was doing bnttlo for tho etu ' pire r : g tho Rhino in thoBUmmcr of 1670. TI ■ “Hods” of the Montmartro district pass,the horrible siego dayB in plotting, ,-because they said that tho Thiers govem ' 'meiir, successors to tho empire, should new .- i:,ni over tho reins to thoallcon t Hermans nor to tho monarchists. -Tim'd were two powerful revolutionary clu’i ■ in tho district, one of men aud one of women. Louise was a leader in tho "Watch committee and a character of power inboth club.i. It was from tho woman’s club that " "the amazons of the commune hailed. Har nessed to mitrailleuses like draft horses, they pulled them from point to point, from barricade to barricade, during tho street flghtingof “bloody week” in tho ensuing May. They made and filled sandbags .for ramparts, passed paving blocks from hand to hand down a long line after tho manner of bucket brigades at fires, cooked and terved for tho fighting men and loaded . : rifles for them, handling sword and revolv . Dr and sometimes muskets in a close „ Struggle. And when all hope of victory fled .they armed themselves with petroleum und let fire to the banks, palaces, government TOE OUTBREAK OF THE COMMUNE. Buildings and the mansions of the rich. So terrible did the Montmartre become beforo the German siege ended that the regular soldiers on guard at the government store houses fled when a deputation of “Reds”— armed of course—bore down on them with their cry of “Brend or blood!" The theory of the commune was utopian and drew, to its councils many noble hut ’ -misguided spirits. The militia or national guard of Montmartresided with the “Reds,” and through that influence pretty much all the military of Paris was turned from . loyalty to the general government. The wnrcry of the agitators was that the Thiers republic must give way to a mon archy, and the ghosts of Prince Napoleon ■ and of Chnmbord, the Bourbon, with wires ; In the hands of clever conspirators,danced on the boards to warn the timid tiiat the hour was ripe for the people to take the reins. Bo Montmartre became a serpent with its fangs gono when the Germans entered Paris on March 1, tie- Thiers government remaining master of the situation, and a good master too. The dubs and the press Df till! malcontents were suppressed, and the commune dropped from a popular move io a secret conspiracy. But the national guard remained as a bulwark of the ‘‘Reds.” it was organised, under pay, armed, fed mid housed. Jn character H . Jens sand-local, semi-federal. In politics it ! saluted the republic tbnt was aud wiuked at the republic which hoped to bo When the Germans filed in at tho outer gates, I theso -wily guardsmen patriotically removed their own cannon from tho public forts and parks to the hill of Montmartre and placed a.guard over them. When tho Thiers gov ernment domnndcd them, they answered: “Wo own those guns. They were bought by popular subscription and presented to us for popular use. If you want them, i como and take them.” Tho “Reds” huz zalied, and tho houseless clubs took refuge in tho armories as battalions of the na tional guard. Louiso exchanged her mourn ing robes for a man’s uniform, buckled>on. a cartridge belt and shouldered a rifle. After days of useless threat and parley 10, 000 regulars were sent to Montmartre the night of March 17-18, tho guardsmen’s sen tries overpowered, their bivouacs sur prised, and at daylight the revolution ap peared to bo a thing of tho past. The gov ernment could turn 2,000 guns upon Mont martre at a word. No general alarm wasgiven of thatclever stroke. Tho morning press was silent. The bulletins gave no inkling of tho affair. But some of tho guardsmen on the hill escaped to their armories and told their comrades what had befallen. These peddled the news on tho streets and in the cafes and shops, and while the populace was bestirring for its daily routine of labor an outcry sounded in all tho quarters of Montmartre. At 7 o’clock the communo was in arms, or at least on the warpath, for men, women and children rushed to tho field of battle. The national guard turned out en masse, wives sisters and sweethearts—oven aged mothers —at their heels or marcliing with one arm around the necks of the soldiers and calling on them to retake tho guns or die 4u tho attempt. When the hill was reached, tho regular troops were nonplused at the spec tacle. Many were loath to shoot down wom en and girls, and the few who had the hardihood only added to the intoxication that possessed fanatics and furies alike. That was tho hour fortho communards, led on by Louise Michel in the long frock coat and jaunty peak cap of a rifleman. They fought when men were found to cross arms with them; they pleaded with those who LOUISE MICHEL. Hesitated; they coaxed and nattered where caresses would go further than blows or prayers. 'When the battalions of guards men marched ugainst the artillery, women rushed on in front and threw their bodies across the cannon, so that the gunners could not fire without blowing their country women to pieces from the muzzles. The same tactics silenced the infantry, nnd speedily a whole regiment of the line threw up the heels of their muskets and went over to the side of the Nationals. Mitrailleuses planted around the cannon were hauled away in triumph by the worn en, nnd at noon of the ISth not u bodyguard of loyal troops was iutho field at Mont martre. The soldiers, after fraternizing with the “Reds” turned their champions. Tho hill was barricaded, and the mob without halting rushed through tho streets to tho hotel do ville, driving out tho gov ernment troops and setting up a commit tee of their own to rule over Paris. Ports, arsenals, armories and mugaziues fell be fore tho mob, and tho urmamcnt stored thero to overawe tho turbulent populace was in their hands. Carried away by their success, the “Reds” marched out to attack Versailles and deposo tho president. They were dofeated and returned to Paris to Btand a six weeks’ siege. Tho government tried to shell them out in their strong holds, but with tho captured cannon they Bent back ns good as thoy got. Next tho government tried assault, and day after day tho batteries and barricades of the commune wero stormed by regular veter ans. When a place foil, the “Reds” would make a sortie, sometimes recapturing the position, but often not. Louise all this time remained in tho ranks with her com pany on Montmartre. When tho barricades, castle and fort at Issywero carried by storm and recovered in a bold sortie, only to ho lost by a second assault, she was wounded while defending tho ramparts of the fort. Two weeks after ward, when tho street barricades, the crest and the strongly walled cemetery of Mont martre wero attacked, sho was again in the field with her company. Thousands of the national guardsmen and their “Red” ro oruits had fallen, for despite their detesta ble prinoiples those ranting reformers would fight. Louise, with a handful of comrades, tried to defend Montmurtro cemetery and built strong ramparts in front of the gates by tearing atone from the wull. Although it was in the bombarded section and rained upon with shot nnd shell, Louise patrolled the gloomy streets of tho dead alone at night, dodging tho bombs to reconnoiter against a surprise. For a week the Larritade fighting was tho most terrific on record. Montmartro wosnttncked on May S3, nnd on the 20th the chief quarter still hold out. There was no such thing ns flanking or sur rounding a barricade position. Front and rear wero all the same, and if one was car ried there was another behind to shelter the survivors. Tho communists fought like demons fired by a holy frenzy. Tho lost grand assault began at daylight on Satur day, May 27, and closed on Sunday noon. Every combatant had to bo killed or bound. Thero was no such thing ns surrender. Bloody reprisal, mnssnero nnd the black flag wero tho order of tho day. Louiso was In tho last barricade, aval seeing the leader fall, escaped, and hurried away in Bcarch of : her mother, who was next in her heart to tho commune. She found her in prison for being a connnunurde, took her place, and after a long banishment returned to Paris us nn apostle of anarchy. Better far a sol dier’s grave under the ramparts of Issy or tho barricades of Montmartre and a nicho in the Pantheon of tho Communo do Paris. UEOIIGIS .U iilLilER, Carbolic acid ia recommended for mois tening tlio took with which metala on Worked. 