MeSWEENY AS A GHOST. By JAMES McGOVAN, Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," "Strange Clues," "Traced, and Tracked," " Solved Mysteries," &oi; A draper in Queensferry-street named Gal* braith was one evening in August surprised to bear someone moving in the warehouse at the back of his shop after supposing that all his assistants had left for the night, and leaving his books he went through and found there a young man in hi3 employ, named Menzies. The curious feature of this case is that this young man had been in his service for twelve years and was the most trusted of all in the place, yet there he was looking as startled and guilty as a housebreaker. "Dear me, Hugh, I thought you had gone ten minutes ago," said the draper simply. " What are you doing through here 2" "I—I—nothing," stammered Menzies, look ing ready to drop. " Come now, there ia something; I can see it in your face,"Baid the draper good-naturedly. " What were you about 2" " 1 was only locking the hack door," said Menzie, looking more horribly uneasy than ever. "Well, why do yon look so queer over it?' | kindly returned Galbraith, who had known him from boyhood "Is it all secure now 2" "Ye—yes," gasped the young man so. guiltily that his master brushed past him and examined the door for himself. The key was turned in the lock certainly, but the door being in two halves was also supposed to be secured by two bolts, which the draper quickly noticed were drawn. A push from without therefore was all that would have been needed to gain an entrance, as the bolt of the lock would have left it3 staple as the loose half of the door moved inwards. "Yon said it wa3 secure, yet youvhave drawn the two bolts," said Mr. Galbraith gravely. "What does this mean, Hugh? Out with it, and whatever it is I'll forgive yon." Menzies tried to speak, but the words would not come. "You surely weren't going to rob me2" said his master with a confident smile. "Oh, no, sir; but—but—oh, I daren't tell you." "Yon must or leave my employment," said the draper firmly. " I cannot keep any one I can't trust." "Well, I don't know anything about it," said Menzies at last, " but I was tempted by a man I never saw before and I don't know yet.' He gave me a five pound note and promised to send me another after if I would draw the bolts to-night before leaving. I was sorry after I took it and I wanted to tell you, hat then I thought you would punish me as a thief too," and Menzies fairly grovelled on the floor as he made the confession.: " What did the man want—to clean out the new winter goods that came in to-day 2" said the draper curiously. "P'r'aps so, sir, but I intended to be here myself to see. I think it was the box of tweeds the man was after, for he asked if it was to lie in the warehouse all night or be un packed at once." A scene followed which I oannot describe ,as I did not witness it—grave reproaches on one side and wild protestations of penitence and remorse on the other, but in the end Menzies eagerly offered to do all in his power to help to trap the intending shopbreakers, and was in the first place sent to the Central for me. When I got to the shop, along with McS weeny, I found Mr. Galbraith very reticent as to how he had made the discovery of the intended robbery, and it was not till long after that I learned that the information had not been volunteered by Menzies. Menzies himself of course only told of the offer he had received and banded me the £5 note, but he could not describe the tempter sufficiently well for me to identify him as one of my bairns. It happened that there had been several robberies from drapers' shops immediately before that, and in these iny idea had been that the premises had been entered with false keys. How, however,it seemed to me that I had a olne to the mysterious robberies and the method employed, and it struck me that here was a rare chance to take not only the thieves but the man at the back of them. Rolls of tweed cannot be put into''a melting pot 'or so easily shunted out of sight as jewels, and I yras curious to know who was the fence. It might be "The Invisible" or not, but at any rate it was absolutely necessary that if I was to stop the robberies I should get at the principal as well as the mere agents. When Menzies had told all he knew I sat eyeing the box of tweedB curiously: It was about three and a half feet square—just a nice size to hold a man of McSweeny's bulk in a sitting position if it were emptied of the rolls of tweed and well padded with straw, so I said to him— " Look here, Barney; here's a chance' for you to distinguish yourself. Suppose yon turn yourself into some superfine Scotch tweed, guaranteed for winter wear, . and get stolen in thao box 2 We should then get at the man who receives the goods as well as the thieves who take it, for I could be at hand to follow the consignment to its destination." "Begorra, Jamie, but it's yerself that's tba ganius for planning oat things so that>the' worst part of the job falls to me," be returned, with concentrated irony. "D'ye think, now, I'm made of cost iron 2 Suppose they put ma down standing on my head 2" "They couldn't, for it's the light part o! you and sure to come to the top," I.calmly answered. "Bud they might bump the box down on the ground—suddint like—and the goods might be damaged," he ruefully persisted; "faith, I'd rather go into me coffin, for I'd be surer of gentle treatment." "True, but where is the man on the staff but yourself that could be trusted to do such a job2" I gravely replied; "andonly think how grand it will look in the bills—'Another Olevsr Capture by MoSweeny.'" "True, for you," he returned with elation, "butt if I get kilt or smothered in the box I'll thiuk twice about it before I do it again." "Pooh, no fear of that; I can easily get a few holes drilled in the sides near the bottom, and a latch inside for you to fasten the lid down on yourself, so that you may come out.if you feel-uncomfortable," I cheerfully answered, " and if you should be so unlucky as to get • kiiled I'll see that your gallantry is remem bered on your tombstone." This kind offer was very ungraoionsly re-: ceived, but) when I had got in a joiner to drill j some holes in the box and padded it well with straw MoSweeny duly took his place inside and fastened himself in by passing a stick through the latch whioh the joiner had put on inside. We had fully discussed and arranged our plans and McSweeny's part was to remain that box till he found himself in another build ing, when he was to overhear all he could and than act acoording to his own discretion. That, I say, was the programme as arranged and im pressed upon him by me, but McSweeny has a way of bis own in these matters and I might have known from his manifest reluctance to go into the box that the moment we were out of the place ha would fancy himself able to im prove on the plan. The warehouse, which, was a little lower -than the shop and was reaohed by descending a few steps, had its back entrance in a quiet lane leading to Charlotte square, and the only suitable place of conceal ment whioh I could find was a stable.nearly opposite, which I managed to hire for the occa sion. A street lamp not far from the baok entrance of the warehouse made it impossible that anyone could approach the door without being seen by me, but to make that doubly sure I instructed Menzies to remain just within the doors and there receive his queer employers. He was a fearful ooward after all, and I could see by his pallid face and chatter ing teeth that he expected a cruel death at least, but it never dawned upon me that this cowardice was to lead to such strange complica tions in this_ apparently simple case. I think I bad been in the stable about two. hours, when I heard the rumbling of the wheels of a hurley, and then looked out and saw a man coolly draw the thing up to the door of the . warehouse and then push the doors inwards as had been arranged. InBide he fohnd himself face to face with Menzies and would have turned and fled, but a word from the traitor reassured him. "I know you're going to take some things away," said Menzies awkwardly, "but I don't want you to take anything but that box of tweeds that came in to-day," and he was about to lead the way along the low, dark passage when the thief, who was a remorselesB brute named Abe Christie, suddenly grabbed him by the throat and suspiciously oried out— . " Wot ye Bhakin' and quakin' so for? Want your throat cut? I'm just in the mood for it, and, by George,. I'll do it if you out up treacherous. There's something about yer face and yer vpice I don't like. Stand you there at the door and keep watoh while I take a look at the box you're so partiolar about me takin'." He had drawn a long olasp knife from his pooket, the glitter of whioh almost knocked the knees from under Menzies, and with, this in his hand he passed along the low entrance to where the box stood. It ought to have con tained McSweeny, but with hiB genius for improvements my onum had _ got out and stood in the dark immediately behind the inner door with a pair ,of tongs about the weight of a giant's , club swung aloft above his head. The moment therefore that Abe's bullet head_ came cautiously inside the door these terrifio irons came down with a f crash and laid him flat on the floor. With an ordinary skull the result would have been instant death, but Abe's had been built on the ■ double-plated system, so he was only stunned. • Before he could recover, however, MoSweeny had fastened his wrists behind his back with strong oord, tied his legs . with sailor knots, and stuffed a heap of cuttings into his mouth' as a gag, carefully tying them in tq, prevent • mistakes." • "Sura, it's not lost what a friend gets," was MoSweeny's remark as he turned his lantern and recognised Abe, "and if I've kilt him I've got a coffin for him, ready and stuffed," and he esolly bundled the thief into the box whioh .ought--to" have contained his own heavy car cass: He could not fasten the- latch, for that was "on'the inside, but a couple of stout nails did quits as well and then McSweeny sagely remarked— i'VBedad, you'll be as Bnug there as a flea in a blanket, more be token if any aocident should happen'on the way it's not Barney MoS weeny's bpnes that will Buffer, but a set that's of far Iraoo ron in fTift TOniOd WhiQ^fi nrtw ! thpra's less use in the world. Whisht, now! there's some, more of the divils comin'!" While ■ he thus comforted himselE another man,- known as Peter Hawkins, had ap proached the outer door and cautiously pushed it open, to be startled as Abe had been by the white face of Menzies, who rapidly tried to explain but could not form a word on account of his chattering teeth. , "Bah! shut up, and tell me where Abe's gone to," said Hawkins, in any angry whisper. "He.must be here, for there's the hurley." • "In—in there," stuttered Menzies, nearly dropping, and indicating the warehouse with a,quiver of the hand. " What's up wi' you?_ What you quakin' fpr ?". cried Hawkins, bring out a knife like a razor and throttling Menzie3 back against the wall in the same lively fashion as Abe, and as if longing to slice him in two. " Wot you up to now, eh? - Speak it out, or I'll slit your weasand," ana the keen point of the knife jabbed his neck bo suggestively that Menzies believed his last moment had come. ' "No—nothing—the box?" he gurgled. , V Well, what about the box ?" cried Hawkins, with another jab of the knife. "I see you will force me to it." i" Detective? detective in it," gasped Menzies, as a desperate plan for scaring away his troublesome visitor. "Ho,,ho!"' he fiendishly rejoined, "in the box, is,he?-You want me to run away, do you? I'll-soon see if he's in the box," aud he thVottled Meuzie3 into the warehouse and held him there while he struck alight. He saw no' one, for McSweeny had prudently dropped flat behind some bales at the other end of tne room, but as he held the light over the sup posed box. of tweeds he readily detected the air holes which had been drilled in the sides near the bottom. The knife in his hand was a long-bladed one, just the thing for a probe, 80 he thrust it through one of the holes and was "swiftly' rewarded by hearing a delicious groan.- \ ' " Ha"!. I thought I heard a sound ?" he ex claimed.with pretended surprise as he started and looked around—"Didn't you?" and he jabbed the"the knife threateningly in thedirec tion-.of Menzies' throat and received a quaking answer to "the effect that "He didn't know." Menzies, indeed, would have said 1 anything and would, at that moment have given every stiver he owned for leave to runoff at lightning speed, but the ferocious eye and glittering knife of Hawkins him like a nightmare. i " There can't be nobody here," said the knife ' jabber conclusively, "except my pal—Where's my pal that brought the hurley ?" , " I don't know," answered Menzie3 with per fect truth; but Hawkins immediately con cluded that he saw a deep plot to get rid of j him.. i..." Oh, you've scared him away with your cook an'-bull story, have you? and think I won't be able'to get that box o' tweed's away, do you?" he fiercely rejoined, with a fearful flash of the . knjfe before Menzies'eyes. "Jest you put a hand to this box and help me out with it or it'll be wiiss for you." '" It's rather _ heavy," suggested Menzies, making, pantomime dabs with his fingers in the idirection of the box to intimate that as there.Was a detective inside they had better move it.with great care. .'"Yes," grimly answered Hawkins, "bat we've only to turn it over and over till we get it to the.door—see?" and putting the knife between his - teeth he showed Menzies how to "hee-up!". and then let the box flop heavily down on the other side and so roll it over and oyer to the* outer door. A groan came from within "ad every fall, but a swift probe with the splendid. Sheffield blade in Hawkins's able hand .brought the " we9d" to its senses and Beemed to convince it that silence was golden." The flops and bangs and Blip3 and _ falls that that box got before it wa3 fairly hoisted on to the'hurley made McSweeny feel profoundly thankf ul that he had provided a substitute in the person of Abe Christie. ; " I'm going to take this stuff away now," said Hawkins, addressing Menzie3, " but you'd better sfay'oh here in case I should come back. Don't' think we're going to pay you so much money, for nothing, and if you give .a cheep I'll-—!"' and a snap of his long knife as he put it away gave significance to the abrupt end of his'speeeb. Spitting on his hands Hawkins converted himself into a beast of burden by seizing.the trains of the hurley and dragging i t off. He had no fear of the police, for he was perfectly convinced that he was not conveying away stolen goods at all, so he whistled cheerily on the way, and was so deeply occupied in Bottling what to do with his strange cargo that he was quite unconscious of being followed by me. In like manner I was sointent on follow ing him and so eager to learn the destination of his load that I never thought of being myself'followed. The truth is SlcS weeny no sooner heard the retreating rumble of the hurley wheels than he gob up from his place of .concealment and made for the door, fearing he might be shut in. When he reached the outer door Menzies was in the act of turning round to enter, and the light from the street lamp fall ing full oh McSweeny's chaste and classical countenance drew a shriek of terror frotn the coward befpre him, who took him for a spirit. -V A—a—a—ghost is it?" he gasped, thinking that the real McSweeny had gone in the box on the hurley. " Ob, mercy, mercy !" and he dropped half fainting on the ground. •"Gerrout, .you fool!" oried McSweeny, giving him a hearty kick. "D'ye think if I was a ghost I'd thrubble to haunt the like of you as-long as there was a Jamie McGovan to pay'off old scores on? Faith, I've only one regret—that. he wasn't in the box himself to get all the bumps and knocks he meant for me. Beeor, I'm nob such a fool as I look." "He's real—he's real!" amazedly exclaimed the "cowering creature at his feet,»as be clenched at McSweeny's legs. "Then who is the man in the box ?" "Och! never you mind—he needs it all and a little more, bad cess to him!" cried McSweeny, recovering his temper somewhat at the thought! of Christie's sufferings. " Juso you watch there while I • go and frighten the very boots off Jamie -McGovan, my apprentice, for aU the tricks he's tried on me. I'll ghost him! I'll make every hair on his head grow white in wan minute and all the hairs he's lost trimble in their graves." -Thus it came that while Hawkins was boldly trundling his hurley round Charlotte-square and I was watching him from round the corner McSweeny was watching us from as safe a post'behind. Just then I was surprised to see . Hawkins stop at an area in Charlotte square—one of the, most aristocratic quarters in Edinburgh, and edge his hurley on to the pavement as if with the intention of unloading at that distinguished mansion. As the house was occupied by one of the Lords of Session I could not for a moment! believe that be had reached the den of the resetter. Before I could speculate further Hawkins had -kilned the hurley, and thus allowed the box and its contents to slide off and go crashing down the steep steps into the area below. "Good God! McSweeny must be killed !" I exclaimed in horror, "and that fiend must have guessed that he is inside the box and done that purposely," and I was about to rush for the spot and arrest Hawkins regardless of consequences when a light touch on my arm made me look round. I admit that for the moment I was startled and almost petrified when I saw a vision of MoS weeny solemnly goggling at me, but my chum'B version of the affair has always been that I shrieked out and dropped in a faint on the pavement. -" Look at me 1" he said in a ghostly whisper, *'• this is all yonr doing. You would have me go into that box and now you see what has happened. All the world will he in mourn ing for the greatest detective that ever lived, and the green flag of Ireland will wave half mast high, and " ■" Oh, shut up for any sake," I impatiently burst forth, "or I'll wish yon really were dead. A ghost that could rave like that would' deserve to be deaded over again. Look at the brute - Hawkins, see how he's enjoying yonr supposed death." Hawkins indeed Beemed overpowered with glee and stood looking over into the area slapping his thigh and rubbing his hands in a paroxysm..of fiendish delight. He took some time to recover, but when lie did he'once more put his paws to the trams of the hurley and went away back to the warehouse, from which he removed a bale of linens, and after some more blood-curdling threats and knife waving3 to Menzies patiently trailed his load along to a. stable at the back of Rose-street, where he was helped to unload it by an auctioneer of fishy reputation named Eenwick.. Thi3 man had a place at the south side of the town, at the door of which a red flag waved sadly every day- with a crowd of evil-looking bidders always at hand who began to bid recklessly and eagerly whenever a likely victim entered the Bhop. I had been in t'hab place several times without catching him tripping, but I had never heard of him visiting this stable in that retired lane, so I stopped them both when they had finished taking in the load and asked them to explain. Hawkins's first word of explanation is not fit_ to beeet down, but Fen wick's was all put; into his heels, for he made a mad attempt to break away and escape, but was promptly tripped up by McSweeny, coming dowp with such force on the causeystones that'; bis forehead bled all the way to the Central. Hawkins after his first exclamation tried to bring oub a sharper weapon than his tongue, but I chanced to notice it in time and'seizing the hand bit it till he dropped the knife. When we had handcuffed them both.'we took a walk through the stable and found two cartfuls of stolen goods, mostly drapery, which had been taken from various places in'-the city and in two cases brought from Glasgow. Mr. Fenwiqk's place of business was closed next day for an indefinite period, for he and" Hawkins were ehortly after sentenced to ■ five years'penal servitude. AbeGhristie, having » broken leg, dislocated wrist, two Btabs, and several severe bruises to mend, could not attend at the sume trial, butt bo duly received the rewardof merit in a similar sentence later on. Menzies, to my surprise,'was forgiven by his master and retained in his service, and he seemed to have got such a fright that he never again associated liimsblf with thieves and rogues, and is now doing pretty well in a busi ness of his own. 