WAYSIDE SKETCHES. (FOB THE ALBUBT BANNEB.) With the view of giving an idea of tbe state of thing* in parts of the interior, I have here jotted down a few notes of a recent journey from Tumnt to Albury. Starting from the former town» which is one of tbe prettiest situated in thecolony, my first stage was ADELONO, twelve miles distant, Adelong, as everybody knows, is an old mining centre, and some of the claims on gold still keep up the reputation of the field. The " Gibraltar " is justly considered the premier reef of New South WaleB, its crushings averaging over four rnnces to the ton. The "Lady Msry " and the "Dayspring" are also giving fair returns, althongh the last-named is worked on tribute. The leasing system here, as at Araluen and other places, has undoubtedly retarded the mining industry in a direction which the new Act is not calculated to improve. The town is built on left bank of the Adelong Creek, and has five hostelries, including the " Royal," which is a handsome,spacious and well-conducted hotel, run by that genial and popular boniface, Mr. Theodore Witts. There are numerous stores, the leading one being kept by Messrs. Eyles and Park ; two banks, a school of arts, Oddfellows'- hall, three churches, and blacksmith and baker shops in plenty. Durmg my visit there waB a coroner's inquiry tonching the cause of death of an old man named Briggs, and on the jury there were—what seemed to me remarkable—no less than four, shoemakers. The Adelong folk would appear to have created a literature of their own, and to be, in fact, an odd sort of people in various ways. Fully two-thirds of the adult male population save fuel at home by crowding to the hotel fires ia winter; a casual visitor or regular boarder has thus his comfort ssriously interfered with by these fire loafers, who, as a rale, rarely spend anything in drinks, because they rarely have anything to spend. Amongst this push, who have invented such expressions as " balmy" and " spare-my-days," I have seen «ome of the best dressed men in the colony. Three of them especially were objscts of my unsophisticated admiration until I found that one of them was a pick-atd- shovel man, another a blacksmith, and the third a journeyman butcher. These wore overcoats with velvet capes at night, when the day's slashing was over, and disported as many rings and other articles of jewellery as would have satisfied even such a lover of bijouterie as the late lamented Mr. Deeming. Without any doubt those three had the " toffiest" aspirations of any men I had ever met in their grade of life, and for a whole week their nightly metamorphosis was a source of great mystification to me on account of the difficulty of identifying them in their work-a-day garb and dirty faces in the daytime. GBAHAMSTOWN is a village about three miles from Adelong on the Oundagai road. It is such a woebegone place in appearance that I haven't the heart to describe it any further than saying it boasts a hotel and a butcher's shop, and a big pool of stagnant yellow water, in which the dncks and geese and children of the little colony wallow to their hearts' content, and to the satisfaction of all save the children's parents. MTJKDABLO is a pretty place, what there is of it. It consists of a pretentious-looking Chinese store, a hotel a equatter's homestead, and another housej which might be said to form the suburb. Tobacco is rather extensively cultivated in the neighborhood, and long sheds for the reception of the leaf may be seen along the fiats. The pnblichouses occur at intervals of about seven miles, bnt the public traffic has greatly fallen of since the railway reached Gundagai. ALFBBDTOWN, the rcyal burgh with its one hotel and one private residence, requires no description. It was nesr thiB place that, some fifteen months ago, I leid the scene of a remarkable dream, in which I explored the formidable Jenolan caves, an excitiog account of which imaginary adventure was published (and badly printed by-the-bye) in a local paper at the time. The Borambola run extends for about 20 miles along this route, and Mr. Donnelly's ornate residence attracts the attention of the traveller as he reaches the apex of the hill in the vicinity of Ballantyne's Hotel- This same Ballantyne has secured a big slice of the run, on which he raises a considerable quantity of farm produce every year. I left the royal bnrgh after a late breakfast and reached WAGGA WAGGA, the capital of the Murrumbidgee, in time for dinner. What forcibly strikes the stranger in Wagga is the number of publichouses that confront him at every step. The place bristles with hotels, very few of them being in the occupancy of their owners. How the bonifaces manage to eke out an existence for their families these exceptionally hard times is one of the social problems that baffle inquiry. During my stay at Wagga a change of Ministry took place ; an event that afforded pabulum for comment in thg columns of the two local "rags." One paper! opined a successful career for " Beid's push" (as I have heard them irreverently referred to), while the other viewed the situation with the unhappy eye of the pessimist. Speaking for myself I j should say the present i6 the weakest government Naw Sonth Wales has had within tbe last 20 years. The portfolios seem to have been die. j posed of on the lottery principle, and that n t a time when the colony was never in greater need of an experienced fiaancier and a capable Minister for Lands. A DISAPPOINTED PBOBPEOTOB. After a four days' spell in this very dull town, I resumed my journey southward, although the wsather looked far from being settled. A short distance from Hardiman's hotel I saw a man seated on a log by the roadside. He accosted me with," Say, mhter, do you know anything about reefs ?" " Bather," I laconically answered He handed me three or four pieces of calcareouslooking quartz, which he had picked op at the " new rush" on the Pomingalarna common. I looked at them with the confidence of an expert, and after a lengthy, but by no means conclusive, examination, I said," Old man, there is no more gold in these Btones than there is in a doughboy. Escusethe comparison. Good day." He received hick his specimens with a sigh of disappointment, and then gazel after my retreating foot steps as though he had serious doubts about me in a general way. Tbe last I saw of him he was jogging along towards Waggt, carrying the " specimens" in a handkerchief. A PARALLEL TO " FISHEB'S GHOST." When I arrived at that classic hamlet, " The Cross- roads," I learned, to my dismay, that I cjuld not proceed any further in that direction —that the Bullenbong plain was impassable for a footman unless he was prepared to wade kneedjep through alternate stretches of water and mud for a distance of five miies. As I had neither a horse nor a balloon with me, I w:s obliged to make a detour, and, in fact, to abandon my original intention of going Uranawards. That night at a settler's place I heard the story of a supposed local tragedy, the particulars of which, as they have never appeared in print, I here give for what they are worth, Fifteen years ago two mates named Watson and Harry (the latter a Tasmanian white native) were working at a place called Stein's Hill. By all accounts Watson was a repulsive looking man, whilst the Tasmanian was genial, and rather a favorite with the residents round about Before joining Watson he had been employed as a groom at a hotel at the Cross Roads. A horse having pegged out near the the but occupied by tbe mates, Watson one night set fire to the dead animal, and then went to a neighbor's (old Morris and his wife), and asked to stay there till morning, as the stench from the burning horse was unpleasantly demonstrative in the hut. He stayed with the Morrises that night, and in reply to a question he said Harry had gone away on horseback, to Wagga or fomewhere. About a week afterwards a carpenter living abont the district was riding by where the horse had been burnt, When he saw the Tasmanian sitting on a plank or log the carpenter's horse took fright and bolted with him through the bush right into the yard of the person from whom I learned the story. Suspicion being arouBed by the carpenter's experience the police were communicated with, but, strange to say, the suspected man was not arrested. Harry owned five horses, and these Watson now claims as his own, an-i produced receipts (no doubt forgeries) confirmatory of his claim. Eight or nine years later a workman found a few charred bones wrapped in a newspaper, hidden in tbe h?att of a briar bush in the vicinity of Stein's Hill. They were forwarded to Sydney, where they were pronounced to be human bones. The theory was that. Watson killed his mate and burned his remains with those of the harse. Before the above discovery was m ide, however., the suspected man bad been hanged for a murder committed elsewhere. Harry has never since been heard of. One of bis hirses was sold by Watson to a local resident named Stein—the Bame Stein who has of late been so much in evidence in connection with the tomfoolery known as the Coalbaggie apparitions, THE BOCK is another make-believe township that causes a feeling of mingled disappointment and melancholy to steal over the whole surface of the beholders, For miles all round thiB centre there is abundance of grass and more than a sufficiency of water. As a consequence sheep are suffering in thonsands from footrot A few more seasons like the present would practically settle the shearing difficulty on several pastoral holdings by obliging the leseeB to turn ti eir attention to cattle-raising—an industry that would at any rate have the advantage of not being provocative of strikes and other deplorable outcomes of unionism. I brought my notes to and en at YKBOKG CBKEK, for fear of making this sketch too voluminous for one issue of the Banner. Anyway, there was not much to chronicle for the remainder of the distance to the Federal City, which I reached in company with a possum trapper, who gave me a long ride in his one-horse vehicle, which looked like a cross between a gig, a sulky, and a wheelbarrow. Before alighting from this quaintlooking wobbling mschioe I had entered in'o partnership with its loquacious proprietor, wh-j is to initiate me into the mysteries of snaring miraupials and < tber vermin, whereby the wind miy be metaphorically raised by the sale of ih«eir skins. Lilla Rookh is to be the tcene of our first operations, not the Lalla Rookh associated in our memories with the gorgeous imagery of " the poet of all circles and the idol of his own." CONCLUSION. Socially considered, I experienced but one disagreeable incident during this tramp, and that was produced under circumstances that few persons would have anticipated. One evening I called at a selector's house not far from tbe road to icq lire the distance to the next hotel, which I was told Was four miles The sun being on tie point of setting the farmer—a bnrly looking man—asked me to stay where I was and share their humble fare for tbe night, an invitation which I thankfully accepted An hour or so after tea I happened toobseivea draupbtboBrd with some books on a shelf, aod I suggested a game to while away the hours until bsdtimp. My en ertainerwasan inveterate lover of draughts; we set to at once, and continued at it until long after the rest of the family had retired to rest. Unfortunately he could not win a game, and I was equally unlucky in not recognising the policy of letting him score a victory now and again. When the eighth game was half fioishtd, and when my antpgocist had got his pieces into a hopeless state of involvement, he suddenly slewed his chair round to the fire, took off his biots, and held the soles of bis feet to the blaze. After two or three minutes grave meditation he Btood up, and opening a window he flung the board and men out into the back yard. At that moment 1 felt that an indiscreet word or gesture on my part would jeopardise my position as a guest; so without appearing to notice the occurrence I set about occupying the sofa-bed already prepared for me. Ia the morning, however, I waB pleased to find that my host was in better humor, and that the draught-board had been restored to its former place on the shelf. GABBYOWEN. 