GRAMA'S MISTAKE, CHAPTER X W I U AMD GRAZtA. B1GKITI IK DiTRillOK TO OO UCHTIKe. Bt Ittt Gaoaata SmtntnN. "Iub afraid she will weary yon," Mr Tentnor remarked, m be gazed fondly down upon tbe beautiful sleeping child." " If you could slip her over into my lap it would relieve roc of a tiresome harden. "Ho," e&id; Grazia. Smiling beneath hie anxious gw, "she would be nut to •wake, and I think t nice nop is jost what she needs. If her fare could be shaded from tbe light) which is getting very strong, 1 think the would be mare comfor'&b;'e " " Ah > that is well thought of, and reminds me that I have left a nice umbrella by the wall where I was gathering roses Excuse me a fcw moments and 1 wQl soon be back with a Bhelter for Miss Edith and her kind protectress," Mr Ventnor retained, as he arose and Bped back over the way he bad come but a little while before He was not g me long, and, upon his return, took up his position where be could shade both Grsz.'a and the sleeping child. Then, during the hour that followed, Grazia forgot tbe sense of loneliness eni desolation that had oppressed her in the morning, forgot the lapse of time, the burden upon ber lap, earth, sea, and sky— everything but that luminous face beside ber, the grave, rush times that flowed over bis lips, in sweet rhythmic harmony, to crystallise into wards of wisdom, brillian - sentences, and sparkling wit, and to be cherished like j^mb within the secret recces of ber heart. When little Edith finally aw.-ke, instead of a brief acquaintance of an hour, they both felt as if they bad known each other, at least in spirit, for years. The child appeared to be very mash refreshed by ber nap, and not a bit the worse for tbe fright and fall she bad bad. ** Hue King, I am awed when I think what might have occurred, bat for yonr presence here tMs morning. It was providential,'' Mr Ventnor remarked, when at last they arose to torn their steps homeward. Graria lifted a quick, questioning look to him. " Do yon believe in a literal ' hand of Provi lence ?'" she asked. " Perhaps not a literal * hand,'" be returned, smiling slightly, " but I certainly believe in an Overruling Power—in the love and care of an all-vise Father, who guards and watches over the beings he h»B created; do yon not f" " I used to," said Grazia, a flash tinging her cheek as she thus gave voice for the first time to the doubts that had been contending in her mind. "And why sot nowf" was the grave \- gentle query of her companion. " Because, if such a band was ever outstretched to guide my life. I lost my hold upon it—or, it lost its bold upon me, and left me to drift to a desert coast, to bi smitten, oppressed, and spiritually starred," responded Graria, with a note of passionate pain in her voice. • r Yon!" eatd Mr Ventnor, in a tone of surprise. " I am afraid yeu count yonr trials and forget to number yonr blessings, Miss King; for, when I saw yon last nighty so bright, so talented, and so carefully attended by yonr friend, yon certainly seemed to be very far from being * smitten and oppressed and now my morning chat with yon has given me tbe impression that you are anything bat 1 spiritually starved' Are you sure yon are not regarding life with a distorted vision F' he concluded. The man's words ware a sodden revelaiian Jto Graria, and she was inetanOy conscious stricken wiflifhem. - Sorely she had been 1 counting bar trials and forgetting to number her ings,' in her fierce rebellion against the ruin of her hopes, which, now she could realise, had been only the result of her own rashness and wrong-doing. Ha father bad wanted her to accompany him and bis wife upon their trip to Washington, but she had refuted to do ao, because die could not bear the thought d being separated from her lover, even for one short week. Bnt had she acceded to his wish, die eonld now see, she might even than hare been a happy care-free girl in her own home. She would not have been tempted- to deceive her parents, and wo aid not have been irrevocably bound to a man whom she now utterly loathed, and that dreadful tragedy would, in all probability, never have occurred. And yet, leaving all this out of question, in view of all her sorrow, even if it had been brought about through no fanlt of hers, she fdt that she had not been just; for had not the hand of a kind Providence been stretched out to het through Paula Kelson f Tears rushed unbidden to her eyes and her lips grew tremulous with remorse. " I had not thought of it in that light before j bat I am afraid that I am," die answered, with a sigh. A very tender expresrion a*ept over her companion's faoe at the self-reproachful admission. He made no reply to it. however, but, etooping down, tied Edith's bat upon her eunny head as carefully as her mother would have done. "Come, now, Mies Ventnor, marked, with a smile, as he axose and took her pluiap hand in hi i, " we must go home to yonr 'nmi™ and tell her what yonr ' angel * has dene for you to day." _ He shot a merry glance at Grazia aa be epoke, then gathering op her robs and cusbinna in bis disengaged hand, and lad the way up tbe path toward the road- He walked over with her to Mies Kebm't cottage, where be deposited his buiden npan the verandah, and was about to take leave of Grazia, when Paula came around the bouse and espied them. She greeted Mr Ventnor very cordially, and laughingly chided Grazia for leaving ber alone all the morning, then invited them all to have seats upon tbe verandah. Mr Ventnor was nothing loth, and, ^winging Eiith lightly into a hammock imr him, be sat down and chatted with the ladies for another half hour. Whea he at last arose to take his leave, lie had arranged far than to join a yachting party who were going Cora crniaecf neveral days in the harbor. " We shall go aboard the Nan* Ons tomorrow' evening at sundown, ao aa to Jbe ready for an early etart the following morning " ha €xrfain»d, adding that he would send aeanrag-e for Miss Nelson and Miss King at six o'clock. Then bidding them a genial good-morning. he took bis little nieea by the hand and went away. , . o He is the finest specimen of manaooa that I have seen for a long time," Paula remarked, breaking in npon a long eOence, that had followed the departure of their -gutwte " Dan'T you think BO, Graria r « ye-es," responded Grazia, dreamily. She wbf lying in the hammock that Edith bad vacated a few moments previous, 3ser eyei fixed npon the eea, a tender ex* pression about ha? beaafifnl mouth. . Paula smiled, nodded her headwind/ two or three tSmee.aad fen rananiflw* book, which aborted her •tfen£un«»u the lunch bell rang. After the meal waa over Grazia jiteawa paiwiiHiiiH nnfl mtiTTfl to ber own room- • "Oh! I amalmoetsoiTy that IpromieM -to go witb the yachting party !" ahe ed. «look ol perplexity npon her ^oangfua. -and then she suddenly Cell to aobbmg: WJtn. -mr< f^TfH/Mirwtaif which betrayed thdi her •oul was moved to its very depths. ; t She had been thinking dt ber zeMmft nncebarr^nni.and howhe had aW* 4 ber veiy soul with Vm doquenee,»» it certain inflnowe whidi aha mold U » «ndd not analjM- ' »-M . " • M S ltmldodr *»k» tfcs last twe years of my life a dream! If I could but undo that one ait that b*a entitled ao much misery npon m 1" aha wailed. ' She sprang to ber feet and paced her worn bask and forth witb a natrons step. ' "There is no future for me I" die continued, tears falling like rain from her pale Cue, " no love, no home, no fireside, •with little ones playing around met no outlook whatever bnt to go on as 1 am, biding myself under a false name, and living in constant fear least some breath of scandal should overtake me, reveal my identify and tbe impostor* Ism practising span the society in which I am moving. What would those high-toned Ventnora say—what would Raymond Ventnor himself say—if he ahculd learn that • King,' to whom he is ple&eed; to be so kind, ia Grasia Kinggley, who lately figured ao tkjnspicnously in a criminal court—who is also the unacknowledged wife of one of the moat contemptible cowards who walkB tbe earth. But why ehoald I care what ha thinkB f she cried, almost fiercely,after a few mamente of aileat reflection, while aha pronily threw back bar bead and assumed a defiant air. "Why ahofttd either his good or ill opinion xtnoernmef * Becaoae be is the grandest man I have ever seen—be is. a man possessing an honest eoul • because—" Aborning blush mounted ts her forehead as she thus abruptly ooaiod, and aha dropped h» face upon her handa with a cry of keenest * Ah! could I not have been spared this —the bitterest drop in my cap of woof aha sobbed. " If be oould know, woald be aay that I am 'regarding life with distorted vision 1 when I rebel against the fate that has driven me to this f Alone! •lose! always alone! The word ia like some funeral dirge b sating its aad rites upon my wounded heart; my life ia marred and rained almost in the beginning. It was like a peaceful summer day, with not a cloud to dim its sky, until he, that coward, crossed my path I How can I bear it! I cannot endure it. to be ao chainedj to have no real Ii£aj to live and yet not live, because I cannot be myself, now this other harden ia to adl to ray cross! "Where, oh 1 where can one find the overruling Power, the lore and care of an all-wise father for the wretched being whom he has created, with this hopeless yearning that can never be satisfied f Every moment her grief grew wilder, her heart more rebellious over this rude awakening, after the comparative oalm die had spent with. Paula Oh! if I could die and be forever at peace 1 What is the use of living snob a doable life P 1 ami of no earthly use in the world; I can never be Greea Ringsley again; I can n' v J r prove that I am innocent of that dreadful deed; I can never free myself from the tie that binds me to i£*t hvarUass man > A dead wall looms up h if ore me, and beyond it I cannot g>!" She was finally exhausted with her wild jrisf, and throwing' herself upon her bed she fell asleep, and did not wake until Paula came to tell her that dinner was ready. Bid; die felt too ill to rise, and begged that she might be allowed to lie still until morning, when she hoped to be better. Having slept so much during the afternoon, however, the drowsy god refused to lull her to forgetfulnees very readily again, and she lay awake for a long time listening to the beating of the waves upon the cockB. Bettor thoughts came to her through these long silent hsnra, ani a simple message also, wbichit almost seemed bb if an angel had whispered in her ears to mlm her troubled heart: '"Pake no thought for the morrow, tor the morrow ehaUtake thought for the things of itself.' ^ ^ ^ COBaot&te; words repaaiing themselves in her mind aba finally ceased to be troubled, and knew nothing more until she awoke the next morning, and found the son shining b:ightly in at her window. The evil spirit of the day before seemed to be exorcised for the time, though Paula, observed that she was g*aver and quiettr than usual u shs busied hersdf abont their preparations for their cruise with the VentnoTB. In the midst of this an elegant carriage drove to the door, and Mrs Gharlea Ventnor alighted. She came eagerly up to the door, rang and inquired for Miss Nelson aad Miss Hxng. She waa ushered into Paula's pretty parlor, and there both girls went to greet her. She impulsively seized Grscia by both bands whenth£b:autiful girl went forward to meet her. " Bat for you I ehouli now be cliildlesa or, perhaps, the mother of a helpless cripple," she said, with tears brimurn; her eye a. "Ho words cm voice my gratitude, but I shall love yon always; I could not stay away—I had to come and let my mother- be*rt speak," she concluded, apologetically, but with a tremulous smil 1 *. "I am afraid yon overcs'imate my agency In the matter," Gr»ci» m d 'stly replied, "but I am very glad I happened to be just where I was at the critical moment. I hope Edith is none the worae for her fright and flying leap." "No, indeed; ahe is well and merry, aud happy aa can bs; she is always that if she can be with her Uncle Bay," Mrs Ventnor returned, with a little laugh " It is tbe slrangeet thing in the world," she tent on, "but thosa two are almost inseparable when my brother is at home. One would think that the child belonged to bim rather than to her lather, by the influence be has over her. Uncle Riy is her oracle—her ideil of all that is perfect and good in the world, while to him die i the apple of hi« eye." It was evident from the affectionate inflection with which MTB Charles Tentnor gave utterance to the words "my brother' that ahe shared her daughter's fee ings to a great extent, and Paula thought that Mr Raymond Ventnor might possibly be the " ouda " of the family. The conversation thus drifted to other channelt, and after a charming call Mtc Ventnor arose to go. "My brother says that yon will go yachting with us," she remarked, with gracious cordiality. "lug ray glad, for it will make a pleasant addition to our party. Are you both good sailors f " ahe inqu red, with a significant smile. " Ties, fortunately, we both love the sea, and fed perfectly at home upon it," Paula replied. " Well, tfcea, yon will be mare to have a good time, far Bay is the prince of hosts— the Xavtihu belongs to him-^and can plan to entertain a party better any society woman of my acquaintance. We shall spend one night at Newport, no take along some prttty dresses. Bat I mnat ran away now," Hn Ventnor added, moving toward-the door,"for I have mnch to do yet. I will only aay ow r*t*rir, as I dull see yon so soon again" Another moment die ws sin the carriage, nodding and emiling as she drwe away, whtlePaulaandGtauafdtasifaronbeam had suddenly tat en wings and flown away. " That ia a moat delightful family, if one can judge upon ao short an acquaintance," Paula remarked, as die and Grazia went hade to their packing. " If the remainder of the company prove to be aa congenial, 1 think we shall enjoy our trip very much." At six o'clock that evening Mr Baymond Ventnor*s guests were all aboard the KaatUiu, a bsantiful and capacious *teem< yacht, with a capacity for ace unmodaling sixteen bandse Hie crew, and bright HtQe oompaziy of dgit m anfea many ladies it peeved to b Dinner was aerved at seven, and then ikayall gathered upon dedc foe a twilight promcBads and a aoaial chat bsfora g*>ng to their Urfta for tta ^ ^ . I aomplately and lnxaxioosly fumishad mm aay one could desire, leadiag off from the adoon, and these wwe devoted to the ladies, while the gratlmua shared the lass commodious, but not leas elegant, state-rooma af The water in the harbor waa like a sea of glass, reflecting the dull red glow that atill lingered in the western sky; and when, on* by one, the lights of tbe town •long the shore wen kindled, and the lanterns were displayed upon the hundreds of vends l>ing about them, when the star* came oct and were multiplied in the shining jdaptha bdow, aad when flaally the full moon cam* sailing op over the eastern horiaon, it was like an enchanted saene. So thought Graaia, aa she stole quietly away from the company to tha prow of the yacht to enjoy, ill by hersdf. aad with a thrill of dfeijht, this on usual expetiauw. It was very quiet all about them, so quiet that Grazia could almost hear conversation on shore, and tha stillness seemed solemn to her. It impressed her ao that tha striking of two bells, for nine o'clock, upon the various vessels in the harbor seemed like a call to prayer—like the Angelas ball, of which aha had ao often heard; and instinctively die bowed her head with reverence ia response to it. " Hist o'clock, and all is well," said a rich thongh qaiet voioe beside her, and looking up Grazia saw Mr Btymond Tentnor, not a foot away, leaning against the deck raft 6HAPTSB XL m. Timn'i r u n attihm a s u n at inwvovr. "I trast yea do not find yooraelf lonaly, Kiii-t ag, cr hcmssick to feel the solid earth nuder yonr feet,*' Mr Tentnor remarked, ia a bantering tone, as he drew a step nearer bis fair guest " No, indeed, Mr Ventnor," Orsaia brightly returned, bat wondering again a rex his slight pane before bar nimij "I simply stole away hen to admire this magic actna and the almost solemn stillness that pervades everything.** " There is a peculiar charm in it, and I often oome here, alone, jost to watch the lights appear aad hear the musical eblme of bella, as they toll the passing hours," tbe gentleman responded, with a thrill of feeling in his tones, for he recognised a congenial spirit in this fair girl who so ap- preciated the beauty around that she would leave a gay company to enjoy it. "Do yoa love the water. Miss KingP" he inquired after a moment of silence. " Very much—especially tbe ocean," said Grasia. "Thereis something so limitless, so aublime and ma jest« abont it, that it exsites a feeling of admiring awe within e.** "Tonaad X ara ia sympathy, then, for the sea has always affected me in that way," Mr Baymond remarked, in a low, mnaical voice. "Byron has aptly described it as— 0 Bonndless, endless, and sublime • The image of Eternity—tha throne Of the invisible!" It makes me think of the human soul," Grazia murmured, in a thoughtful tone, with har eyes fixed upon the shimmering waves that marked the path of the moon, as it sailed upward in the vault above f-.Vi«>m " In what way P " questioned her com panion, as he bent down to study the fair, uplifted face beside him. ** It is ao deep, mysterious, unfathomable," said the girl, with a sigh. « Look! where the light of the moon strikes the water! Is it not beautiful P It makes mo ilmost feel as if, through some rift in the veil that separates us from heaven, something of celestial glory is shining. Bnt who can tell what dread secrets lie concealed beneath the alining surface! what deUh and destruction t what brave hearts may have gone down to their doom, with moans of pain and prayers for help, in that very spot." Gtazia'a voice was fall of pain as she concluded, and Baymond Ventnor yearned, with a mighty longing, to speak some words of comfort to the heart which he knew Com her conversation most be tossed and torn with some secret grief which never allowed it to be at psaoe. 1 am sore, Mias Sing, that yon have known some great sorrow," he remarked after a moment of reflection, "or yon would not always be shading yonr pictures with such mournful comparisons. A s you have said, the eea is like a human eoul, in aoma respects i it is deep, mysterious, unfathomable ; in other rea>ecta it is not like it, for when its surface is lashed to fury, by the tempests that sweep over it, there is always psaoe and quiet in the depths beneath; for a mighty power controls it. That, to me, is symbolical of the soul, which, in spite of the griefs and trials that oome to it, can rest eecure in the hollow of the hand that never makes a mistake." Two great tears rolled over Gmzia's checks and fell ia glistening bead*, like ao many diamonds, npon the railings, ai her companion concluded. Oh!" she exclaimed with a catch in her breath that was almost like a sob, "yon cannot have suffered aa—as some have snlfdred, or yon could not fed like that" Miss King," said Baymond Ventnor, in a voice that waa vibrant with deep fading, " eight yean of my life wen spent npon a bed of pain—eight long, weary yean, during the most of which I expected that I mu -t be a cripple all my life. I had scarcely recovered my health, and began to look forward to a life of usefulness, when my mother waa killed, before my eyee, by being thrown from her carriage in front of a passing locomotive. The five years following were lived under the ban of a dishonorable name " "Oh!" breathed Grazia, shrinking as from a blow. My father's partner forged tor a heavy amount, but ao covered his wrong-doing that my father, a Ventnor, whote nane for many generations had never been sullied bf as mnch as a breath, waa made to expiate hii crime. The truth prevailed in the end, however, and at the end of five yaars the wronged man was released and exonerated before the whole world. Sorely, my friend, you cannot now aay that I have not mff«red. n No, no; ptaj forgive ma for my thoagbtiesB apeech," regretfully pleaded " Nay, do not reproach yourself," gently returned Baymond Ventnor. " I am glad to have told you this, for sorrow makes ns all akin, and I would not have y >u deem me unsympathetic. But, Misa King, did yon never think that there is a purpoee in painP" " What purpose t" questioned Grazia. The same purpose that a sculptor has in using a hammwr and a chiael upon a piece of rough marble—to develop the treantif al and perfect form that lies hidden within it; the same purpose thatthewise gardener has when, with an eppitanUy ruthless hand, he prunes the vine of half its life aad beauty to nuke it produoe larger and richer trait." Grazia sighed heavily. She wondemd what purpose there could have beat in the snfienng she bad endured —what possible goad oonld come of the network of troubles and trials that had entangled her, tying bar hands aad depriving her af even har identity. She wandered what fiuit die oonld bear, fettered as she waa, and obliged to hide from all the world. " Bnt I am afraid we have choeen a very depressing topic," Mr Ventnor continued, in a lighter tone. " I want you to have only pleasant thoughts and experiences > you are mj guest i but come time I woold like to drive a little deeper into this subject with yon, if you wQl gin me the privilege." "I ahall be vary gladtodoso."Gramia replied, "foryua always give ma something Tkaak nm," har eempaaion heartily idajaad.ttwtdMi ^ o w wflljraa ht •Mt of our friends have disappeared, aad we were plaaning te have a little au» before we retire foe the night.'' B« offered her bis arm as be spoke, and as she toot it Grade was ooncmons of the same thrill tingling through her viens as ahe had experienced npon their fint meeting. The company passed an hour very delightfully with mudo and a wial intercourse, and then retired, with the expectation of awakening to find themselves far out upon the briny deep, for the tide woald turn very early in the morning, which was all tha captain was waiting for. Grasia felt a desire to aee the beautiful vessel leave port, and ao sacretly resolved to rise in season to do ao. Accordingly the first tender glow of sunrise was flushing the eastern horisan when, envelop 3d in a warm ulster, with a soft gray felt hat securely pinned to her head, the fair girl stole softly upon deck and found that she waa only jost in time, for the steam was up and two sailors were on the point of in the anchor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze the white wings that were to help waft then over the eea. She would not have missed the sight for anything, for, just aa the sun lifted hia glowing face above the far eff line, the graceful vessel began to move like a majestic bird oat from the harbor, toward the wide expanse of water beyond. There was something very exhilarating in the scene, in the crisp morning breeze that waa blowing from the north-west, in the olouiles* sky and brilliant sunshine, that made Grazia's eyes gleam aad her cheeks flash with delightful anticipation. She stood in the prow of the b»t,aa she had done the night before, and she was eo absorbed in what waa going on about her that ahe did n-jt realise the presence of any one else, until a voice, which of late had begun to thrill her strangely, remarked in cheery tine, just behind her: " Good-morning," Bliss King. I am w e the Nautilus is honored by tha interest yon have shown in her movements." Grazia turned quickly, and found Baymond Ventnor smiling down npon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in hii ex< pressive eye6. He wore a heavy reefer that was buttoned close to his chin and showed his fine form to the best advantage, while the visoriess oip upon his head gave him quite a boyish look. " And so you sacrificed your morning nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her nun," he added, while his color deepened slightly as he noted the blush which his sduation had called up to Grazia's cheeks." 'It was no sacrifice I assurey n,"she add, her eyes sparkling with animation, "I wanted to aee the eiart, and 1 have ao j oyed it immensely. I never saw a more beautiful sunrise in my life." " Yea, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and a whiff of suoh air as this is better than any tonic for the appetite. I always walk the deck a halfhour before breakfast; will you join met" and he held out his- hand to her with a friendly air and -smile that made her polsis throb more quickly than was their wont. She frankly laid hers within it, when he slipped it upon his arm, and together they paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted socially until other members of their party began to joinfchem. Gnzia found that, in spite of bis dignified bearing and the serious moods he had hitherto shown ber, Baymond Tentnor cculd be as merry and j >Uy aa a boy; that, while he neglected nothing as a host, forgetting not the smallest; detail that could contribute to the comfort of his guests, he knew how to enjoy himself thoroughly, thus becoming the life of the party, and so contributing greatly t) the pleasure of others. Among Mr Ventoor'e guests there were a Mr and Mrs Maoomber, uMluir daughter, Miss Marie Maoomber; a handsome girl of twenty-one, who appeared to be a gnat favorite with the party. She was a gay, brilliant, witty, and evidently a thorough society girl, fcr ahe was prr'eitlj at home with every one, aod conld cimoltuuwiuly entertain any rn nber of people with the moet perfect composure. But when Grazia had been introduced to her, she impressed her as being cnU and devoid of any real sympathy with hjr own sex. | She had looked Grazia over, frofl bead to foot, with one aweep of her pu(>nleae eyes ; measured her, as ahe told Paula ia speaking of it afterward, mentally, morally, and physically, noting even the fit of her dress, the style of her hat, tbe make of her boots aod gloves. Then she had turned calmly away and resumed her conversation with a gentleman, which the introduction had for a moment interrupted, ignoring her utterly during the remainder of the evening. But the next morning when ahe made her appearanoe nptn deck and sav Baymond Ventnor promenading with Uiw King npon his arm, when aha noticed the admiring look in his eye as it rested upon the fair face c f the girl, his eager, animate ] manner in conversing with her, she suddenly changed her tactics, and, th4 moment Grasia was at liberty, approached her in tbe most friendly way, and (carted herself to be agreeable to her. Sho attached herself ta the two girls after that, while Paula often notice i that she appeared to be studying Grazia, with a perplexed, intent look, as if she were trying to solve some intricate question. Tnat girl is a bom mirchief-maker, aad woe to any one who happens to stand in the way of her ambition," Paula murmured to herself, after watching her for a while. " I only hope that my gentle Grace will not interfere with her designs." She tried not to be unjust, but it made ha very uneasy to aee Mias Macomber hovering about her friend all that day, and to observe how ahe watched every act and look whenever Mr Ventnor approached Grazia, which he often did, and took no pains to ocnceal his enjoyment of her society. The young man's plan was to sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to ppand one night, and attend a gruid ball at the Casino, for which he had procured tickets mere than a week in advance. The Nautilm *rrived in port abont noon of the second day out, and, after lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long drive about the dty, returning to the yacht in time for dinner. The gentlemen surrendered the saloon to the ladies to make their preparations for the evening, while they smoked their after-dinner cigars up in the deck, and the next hour bdow waa one of flattering excitement among the fair aex. It was a very brilliant party that left the KatUilut a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among diem all, in Baymond's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom he was every hour becoming more deeply interested. She was clad to-night in a blue silk of a very delicate shado, with beautiful ornaments of exquisitely carved pink coral up m her neck, arms, and amid the waves of h»r rich dark hair. The costoma waa vaitly beooming to her rare, almost faultless compl*xioa! but her chief charm lay in har utter unoonsciouness of her own beauty— in the perfect naturalness of her manner aad bearing. * Do youdanoe, Miss King f Mir Ventnor inquired, in a low tone, as be waa assisting her to alight from the carriage upon reaching the Casino. •• Tea, I used to," die returned, with a little sigh. "Then let me have the first one with yon to-night, will yon f" he asked, with a little eager pressure ci the hands ha waa ith pleasure," she replied, ber heart bounding Into ber throat at hia manner, words and tone. The words ware scarcely uttered, howem, before die waa sorry aha bad not ecsastd herself from dandng at alL "Bush pi wares an not at ahe murmured to herself, as sta fa'lowed tha party into the dreaaiBg-room. Then a terrible shock went through hei as, like a flash ef lightning, a revelation came to her. " Ah I it is toolate to think of that now," her white lips muttered, as she blindly groped her way into the corner and sat down—'* too late, too late! for I love hits already with my whole heart. I, Grazia Kingsley —the wife of another man—love, adore Baymond Ventnor. Oh! the shame of it! the sin of it! Where now ia the goiding Hand that' mokes no mistakes.'' She was almost benumbed by the conflict of emotion that raged within her up>c this unlooked for discovery, and she sat there, wretched and helpless, ia her wraps, until Paula found her. " Why, Grace!" she exclaimed, " why have you not taken off your things P You will be late for the opening number. Are you ill P" she added, aa she caught sight of the girl's colorless face; "you ara as white as a onow-fUke." "No, lam not ill," Grazia replied, as she started nervously to her feet, determined that no one would disoovar her shamefal secret. She would guard it most sacredly—she wuuld play her part for the next two days with what skill she could, then, she told herself, she would never meet baymond Ventnor again if she could prevent it. She must nip this new pas .-ion in the bad, she must not feed it with so much as a look at that dear, noble face, or by listening to that rich, musical voice. Paula be'ped her off with her wraps, watching her covertly all the time, and wondering what conld have happened to drive from her faoe all the eager brightnrss that had been there when they left the Nautilus " Yon must do something to those pds cheeka i you cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost," Paula remarked, with real concern upon seeing that she seemed even more haggard and wretched after removing her outer garments. "Ah!" she added, "here comes Mr Ventnor, looking for as. I will ask him to get you something to take " " Not tor tbe world, Paula dear," cried Grazia, grasping her almost rudely by the arm. Then, aa Mr Ventnor otnght sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of oolor dyed the girl's faoe crimson, and Miss Nelson was more pcczlod than before. Gre tla bad bent over her hand to button her glove and to hide her embarrassment, and when this was done she recovered som-thing ef her usual composure. She coccesled her aching heart with a smiling ixserior as she went forward to meet him " I have brought yeur programms," he said, as he handud it to k«r, ' and may I b<~g that you will write my name against come of the numbers before we go into the hallt Than I shall be sure of them; otherwise I might not be," he concluded, in a tone intended only for her, and with a low, musical laugh. Grazia took the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what was best to do. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. I am here; I am h«dged abeut; I cannot help myself," she mused; " I might at well en j ~>j myself and make the most of the few hours that remain to me, before I try to crush out forever this L«peless passion. I will pat the past behind me for to-cight, I will be a gay and happy girl once moie." She geve her head a little resolute toss as she arrived at this conclusion, then, loolicg np into Mr Ventnor's faca with a smile that made bis heart brined with a wild, sweet hope, she pat tbe card back into his band and murmured— *•' Yuu ahall write your own name wher aver you choose." (To be Continued ) 