FICTION. ROMANOE OF THREE LIVES, [B GERTB?UDE WAnDEN.] CHORAPTER XVIII.-PATED. --Con tinued. 'They won't send for a constable, Doctor Bushby,' he cried, almost as soon as the littie practitioner made his appearance. 'I go in constant fear of my life through this cousin of mine. He quarrelled with me on my return, because I complained of his making love to my wife, and we had a scuffle in the drawing-room. Louisa, there, was a witness to it, and my mother, too. They shall be forced to swear to it. And Margaret and my mother are witnesses against Maurice as to this second attempt. What is that you say-I am not to excite my self? What! when I am lying here bruisedand wounded, and not a soul in this houseful of knaves and fools will send for a police officer, that I might have the brute who assaulted me arrested, you talk to me about not exciting myself. I tell you, if the fellow isn't locked up before this time to-morrow, I'llget up out of bed, and lodge information against him myself, if I have to crawl all the way to the town.' Little Doctor Bushby, keeping at a discreet distance from his irascible patient, drew down upon himself the title of ' pettifogging fool ' by his well meant endeavours to soothe the wounded man. ' It's really-er--like visiting an asylum,' he confided to his wife, dur ing the course of the day. ' An ex ceeding mid old lady, most strangely dressed and painted. Yes, there's really no doubt about it, she ispainted, and a handsome, foreign-looking per son, who never speaks, but who sits by the window, looking like a ghost in a manner that-er-makes one feel really most uncomfortable ; then a fair haired gentleman in spectacles, who appears to take no interest whatever in the whole matter, and who, when I turned to him to report as to the patient's progress, exclaimed, "In Heaven's name, sir, don't discuss the case with me. How can it possibly concern me what becomes of him?' Strange-ve-ry strange, was it not The big, fine young fellow, whom I used to meet out walking with his dog so often, has left the place since he was accused of the attempted murder; and as to the domestics, they really er-I must say it, are the most pecu liar lot of people I ever saw. A sort of deaf mute presides at the lodge, and-er-a most wicked-looking old woman nurses Mr Fenton, while another most objectionable female, whom they call Louisa, opens the door, and distinctly in my hearing yesterday, before my back was turned, called me "an old muddler." " An old mud dler," my dear; those were her exact words. They want a straight waist coat apiece at Stoneroyd, upon my word.' Late in the afternoon, Felice's first chance of escape occurred. After numberless threats and muttered instructions, old Margaret at length yielded to her master's authority, and set off in search of the police-officer who was to hear Robert's statement. Before quitting the house, however, by his orders she turned the key of the bedroom, imprisoning Felice with her husband who laughed maliciously from his sick bed at the expression of vexation which flitted over his wife's face. 'You thought, when 1Margaret had gone, you could give us the slip, and be off to Iwarn Maurice,' he said. N?ever mind, you can be present at the trial when it comes off, and admire him in the prisoner's dock !' But, as the daylight faded out of the sky, Robert, under the sedative influence of his medicine, gradually left off talking and groaning, and sank into a deep sleep. Half an hour had elapsed since Margaret's departure; Felice knew this by constant glances at her watch, which lay on the dressing-table beside. As the minute hand pointed to the quarter to seven, she rose lightly and swiftly from her seat, and, after pausing to take one long look at the occupant of the bed to assure herself that his sleep was genuine and profound, she drew aside the curtain which hung over the door com municating with the dressing-room, and softly tried the handle. The door was looked, but she could hear footsteps moving about on the other side, and in a few seconds her subdued scratching at the panel brought someone to a standstill in the dressing-room. 'Is it Felice?' whispered Lady Fenton's voice. 'Yes. Tell me where to find the key. Quick ! quick!" 'On the shelf in the cupboard.' With fingers which trembled with excitement, Felice fitted the key in the lock, her forehead growing moist and clammy with fear the while lest the sound should awaken Robert. Once inside the dressing-room, she rushed to where her cloak and hat were hanging, and, seizing them, she was making her way from the room, when Lady Frenton laid a bony, detaining hand upon her arm. 'Where are you going?' she whispered. 'Are you going to run away ?' 'No, no ! Oh, don't stop me! He Robert, I mean-has sent Margaret to fetch a police-officer, that he may take down his statement, and get Maurice arrested. And it cannot be-it must not be ! 1 must find Maurice, and warn him !' Lady Fenton peered curiously into Felice's face by the dim light. ' It is true, then, what he says ? she murmured, jerking her head in the direction of the sick room. 'And you love Maurice?' Even in the dusk she could see the crimson flush of anger on Felice's face as she shook herself free of her mother-in- law's hold. 'How can you-how dare you how dares anyone say such things to me?' she panted out. 'Do you want him to be taken and tried for a crime which I, for one, will not believe that he committed, and all the miserable secrets of this terrible house dragged to the light, while Maurice's liberty is lied away by the spite of such a mad man as my husband and your son ?' Lady Fenton fell back a step. Felice's sudden passion, the flame of a long-smouldering fire, took her altogether by surprise. 'What miserable secrets do you mean ?' she asked slowly. Felice stamped her foot impatiently. 'I cannot waste words now,' she said. ' Every moment is precious. If Robert should wake, or if Margaret should inquire for me, put them off with some story, anything you like, to give me time ! She was at the top of the stairs by this time, with Lady Fenton closely following her. ' Do you know where Maurice is ?' the latter inquired. ' No; but I will find him I' She was certain she could do this. The very strength of her determination seemed to ensure the fulfilment of her intention. If she had to patrol the streets of Clofield, crying aloud his name, like Becket's Saracen ancestress of old, she would find him, and warn him to escape. So sure was she that it seemed in no way surprising to her, after she had sped like a low flying bird down the long drive and through the lodge gates, that the very man of whom she was in search should bar her way, standing immediately in front of her, as though conjured there by will. ' Mrs Fenton ! Is he better ?' 'Hush! Don't speak here. We may be interrupted at any moment. Come this way ; farther, farther up the road, out of sight of the house !' No one was in sight along the lonely road. She ran on ahead of him for some few minutes, and then, when a turn of the road brought them bet ween open fields on either side, with the old mill not far ahead, she stopped and waited for him to join her. 'I came out to warn you,' she said, as he came up beside her. 'He has fallen asleep. I was locked in, but Lady Fenton let me out. He has sent Margaret down to the town for a police-officer to take down his state ment. He will have you arrested at once, this very night, on a charge of attempted murder I' ' It isn't possible l' exclaimed Maurice. ' Why, I know no more of it than you do!' 'Oh, what does thatmatter ' she cried, wringing her hands in her excite ment. 'He will have you arrested all the same. You know his malice, his revengeful spirit. And hehates you; he will swear to anything against you or against me!' ' Against you !' 'Yes. Oh, you cannot tell what I have had to bear ! I have felt I should go mad, listening. He says it was a plot between-' She broke off suddenly. She was utterly unlike herself, quivering with emotion, hot and cold by turns, her words broken by little dry sobs. He took both her hands between his, holding them in a firm, warm clasp to reassure her. 'What do yon want me to do ?' he asked gently. 'I want you to go away,' she answered, looking straight up into his face with pleading, tearful eyes. 'If they cannot find you, he will get well, and I will give him what money I have to go away again quietly, and the whole thing will be forgotten. Or-or I may have to go with him.' ' Beaven forbid !' His grasp of her hands tightened to absolute pain as he suddenly drew them up and held them against his breast. ' Felice,' he said, in a quick, rough voice,' I'd lay down my life for you. But I can't sneak away and let you bear all the brunt of his cowardly attacks and his.vile calumnies! Let me be somewhere near. Let them take me. My aunt and LoTisa will give evidence in my favour, and the real culprit will be found when the matter's, inquired into. If I go, it's tantamount to confessing I did it, and people will believe me guilty.' 'But I shall not,' she said, her face illumined into wonderful beauty by the faith and tenderness which shone in its every line. ' Your word is quite enough for me. And you must give me your word to go. I am cowardly ; I cannot bear my nrme to be dragged into a police-court, or that others should hear the horrible things he will say of me. And you would be condemned. I have asked, and they tell me what he says is true. You might be in prison a long time. And I could not bear it. Maurice, you cannot refuse me when I ask you to leave this town to-night. Go to London, go anywhere And, remem ber, this may be, this must be, the last time I ever ask you anything, perhaps the last time we shall meet.' Her voice broke on the words, and tears rolled unrestrainedly from her eyes as she raised them to his. ' [ can't leave you,' he whispered hoarsely; ' I can't go on living here or anywhere with the knowledge that you may have to go back to him. Felice, Felice, say something to me, anything. Say-say that you pity me ' ' More than that,' she said, smiling up at him suddenly, with eyes that swam in tears. 'I trust you, I believe in you, and you must pity me.' He understood, and pressed her hands convulsively against his heart a moment before letting them suddenly go. A mist was before his eyes, too as be turned abruptly from her and strode away past the quarries down the town. It was a leave-taking without a farewell, a love scene with out a word of love. Yet each under stood and knew that their friendship was at an end, and that their paths from henceforth must lie asunder. 