: WOODEN - HEADED PHOPOSAL.-Such a wooden-headed proposal of remedy for a condition of tilings under which trained and competent agriculturists, .working in tho best'possible . way large areas of the best land in Victoria,-cannot make more than a living, is almost enough to cause insurrec- tion, says/'Otitis" in thc Daily Telegraph. That it has awakened thc scorn of people all over the colony is evident bj' the great mass meetings that have been held'In the Inst few days to condemn it and the Government responsible for it. But.the real fault lies with the people themselves. They have little sense if, at this timo of the day, after having submitted to. every kind of taxation that could make things better for wealthy privilege and worse for the multitude, it Is safe to propose the reduction of public earn- ings, and the turning of middle-aged State sorvnnts, who ought to be in receipt of the pensions or increases of, salary : they have earned, into amateur scrub - cutters and swamp-drainers; while millions upon "mil- lions of pounds worth of publicly created land values. go untaxed into private pock- ets. The Victorian people are roused by the brutal, ni ad, unreasonableness of cut- ting down everybody's pay just because the Government has a chance to do it, and increasing - the number of starved-out vii-' Iago'settlements. But they are not angry enough yet, and must be further chastened by experience before they will do anything effective. ; THE GHOST ORIGIN OP. OOLTIVAON.-lim the Fortnightly Review Mr. Grant Allen has an interesting article upon the "Origin of Cultivation," the theory bf which was that the primitive savage first learned tn cultivate the ground on account of his theory that the crops were made tb grow by the, ghost of a dead man; Originally men noticed that food pl ants grew abun d anti y .from the laboured and well-manured ? soil of. graves. They observed that this richness sprang from a coincidence of three factors-digging; a.sacred dead body, and seeds of food-stuffs. . In time they noted that if you dug; wide enough and scattered seeds far enongh, a'single corpse was capable of fertilising a consider- able area. The grave grew into the field or garden. But they still thought it necessary to bury some one in the field." Hence early agriculture and. seed-growing was associated with the shedding of blood. It was held to be necessary, so to speak, to manure with a fresh ghost, for the potency of the spirit died out, after a time. The theory is ingen- ious, and is supported by a multitude of facts,, chiefly. quoted, from Mr. Fraser's "Golden Bough." About 1000 men are employed by the Bank of England, and their salaries amount to about £900,000 a year. 