NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. Market very quite on Bendigo 'Change to-day. Better feeding on Melbourne 'Change this morning, The case of Elijah Cockcroft will not be taken by the Cabinet until Monday week, as the papers are not yet to hand. A profit of L762 on the transactions of the A.O.D. for the past year. The funds of the district now amount to L93,500. Some interesting gallops done on the Flemington training ground this morning. Read "Wide-a-Wake's" notes in another column. The first portion of an article dealing in detail with the candidates for the Mel- bourne Cup— now drawing near — pub- lished in this evening's HERALD. The Minister of Mines anticipates being in a position to despatch a number of the unemployed to the work of track-cutting in alluvial districts during the course of next week. Interesting talk with Dr Gresswell re- garding that mysterious disease in Tas- mania, in another column. His possibly an ordinary infectious disease, attacking with extreme virulence. Magistrates have no jurisdiction to try cases between members and their branches or dlstrict. So the secretary of the A.O.F. reports on the strength of an English Queen's Bench decision. Something about Mr W. T. Carter's dying machine in another column this evening. The ex- member for Williams- town seems sure that he has solved the problem of ærial navigation, and keeps a flyer on his premises. "Rita" discusses many interesting matters in her budget of gossip this evening. Cooking by gas is the chief and most highly practical subject dealt with. Our lady readers will find much of value in "Rita's" observations. No Government, whether Tory or Liberal, will ever do more than it is compelled to do, and every Government moves upon the lines of the least resist- ance. Thus Dr. Bevan, half-jocosely, speaking at the Collingwood federation meeting last evening And his hearers laughed in exquisite enjoyment. An interesting interview with Miss Sutherland appears in this evening's HERALD. The lady does not consider that she has been justly treated by the committee whose deliverance was lately published. And she does not appear he quite so much impressed with the value of clergymen in the child rescue work as we are sure she ought to be. The inquiry by the Public Service Board into the charge against three warders will be opened at Sale on Thurs- day next at 9 o'clock. Our Sydney correspondent wires that the German warship Falke, after a six months cruise among the islands, returned to Sydney this morning to take in stores and refit. She expects to be relieved by the Meerve. August Johnson, a foreigner, fined L1 in default seven days, by the City Bench to-day for stealing flowers in the Botanical Gardens yesterday. Pauline Francois (Madame Vine) and Esther Johnston remanded to appear at the City Court on Monday on a charge of being accessories after the fact to conspire to defraud a man who alleges he was victimised by the confidence trick. A Japanese flying column has stormed a fortified Chinese village north of the Yalu River. A general assault upon the Chinese position was to have been made by the Japanese at daylight this morn- ing. The Czar now reported to be very much better." He will go to Corfu after all, it is and the Imperial yacht, which had been lying at Plymouth, has left for the purpose of taking His Majesty to the place so strongly recom- mended by the physicians. Three very young boys yesterday de- cided on stealing and pawning the wed- ding ring of the mother of one of thern who is in a lunatic asylum. The father spoiled the job, and his son was arrested for being a neglected child. Remanded by the City Court to-day. M. Pontiata, the Russian Consul- General in Melbourne, paid a formal call on Ministers at the Government offices to-day. The only member of the Cabinet who was there to receive him personally was the Minister of Mines, but Mr Foster's geniality was doubtless equal to the task of acting for his colleagues. An unoccupied house in Orrong road, Caulfield, owned by the Premier Perma- nent Building Society, was partially destroyed by fire this morning, The Metropolitan Fire Brigade rendered valuable services in extinguishing the flames. The origin of the fire is un- known. A man with a terribly battered face and a woful smile, told the magistrates at the City Court this morning that he might have been drunk. As his boots were stolen from his foot while he was in a state of "coma " at 1 o'clock this morn- ing, there was some reason for the opinion that he was hopelessly gone. "Back from the Grave," a ghost story of to-day, opened in this evening's HERALD. The story is by Atha West- bury, whose writings in this journal have always been appreciated. There are mesmerism, spooks, and other seasonably eerie features in "Back from the Grave" which will be continued next Saturday. Four detectives swooped down upon a miserable den in Carlton this morning and arrested three men and two women on charges of housebreaking, larceny and vagrancy. The house was in a dreadfully dirty state, and some of the accused were lying on the floor and without beds or bedclothes. They were brought before the City Court to-day, and remanded until Friday next. According to Mr. Hayter's estimate the population of extra-metropolitan Victoria, on 1st December. 1893, was, 729,174; while it was only 649,509 at the census in April, 1891. It would be a satisfaction to be able to believe that there was an increase of almost 80,000 persons in the two and three-quarter years ; but it is hardly possible to accept the estimate as a correct one. The explanation, doubt- less, is that the unrecorded departures have been considerably more numerous than the official figures show. Con- sidering the trials which Victoria has lately undergone, it is fair matter of con- gratulation if her population, at the present time, is not loss than it was in 1891.— Dr James Jamieson. 