THEz ,,OLD PIANO.s B MIses.i M. L. RAYNE. It stood in the show window of a large uosic store on a mach-frequented avenue, and as.-its extreme old age and ugliness were accentuated by a price mark, some of the passers.by paused to inspect the valu. able ruin. "Papa, did they make ugly littlefrights oF pianos like that for people to play on ?" asked a happy childof her )oung father. " Not in my day, child," answered the father, gently amused. "Is thatth3thing mygrandmotherplaVe d when she was young ?" asked a graceless youngster of a white-haired man beside him. "Your grandmother was not born when that thing was made, boy," retorted the grandfather disdainfully. No one admired the anhcient outlawed thing that was jeered at for its awkward. ness, and it stood there alone of its kind, stifE and clumsy, showing through its cracked cost of veneer all the landmarks of time, the pitiful helplessness of age. Presently a quaint old woman with a basket on her arm hobbled up to the window. In earlier days she had been known as a "character," now she was shunned as a crank. Her dress-if such it could be called-was the rage of a gentlewoman. Her face resembled those porcelain lamps in which a rose light borns. But her light had gone out, leaving an ash colour. When'.sha saw the old piano with its yellow keys set far apart like the sentinel teeth of age, she clasped her shrivelled hands and gave a great ory. "Where did they find it ? and how dare they exhicit it here? When I saw it last 'twas in grandfather's room with the tall clock and tho old harmoniom. It was old, old then. I uned to ;lay for the poor old man when I was home from school-that was before I ran away with handsome Harry. Ah, me, ab, me, there is some thing wrong here "-she tapped her head lightly-" it's all wrong-a mad world, my masters." Then she laughed shrilly, and the crowd cheered her good-humoredly. "It won't speak for you, but I can make it sing-listen I' she shrilled. The crowd made way for her to enter the store and the dealer, thinking to ad vertise his antique possession, helped the little old woman up into the window and seated her before the old piano as if she had been a prima donna. Selfishness, my brothers. It is at the root of many a kindly action in this world, bahot then--" Tinkle-tinklo-tinkle. The sounds pro. duced from those yellow keys were not as musical as a sheep bell's jangle, but the crowd laughed and cheered, and the frail Soil fingers-it was said they had done the business. for handsome Harry, but that I was when she was mad-struck a chord, e aid " Auld Lang Syne" floated out in a weird melody that was full of passion and pain, and the sobbing of the loneliness of I fe. Then a pause and the accustomed I fingers struck an air of the past, and a m2urnfully sweet voice sung the words of an old love song : 1" Once you said you loved me dearly." The people whispered to each other that she had been a great musician in her day and preesod forward to hear her and e -no one smiled. "I'll buy that old piano," said a gruff . voice, " it's got more music to the square inch then any of your new-fangled instro e iseate-it's got a soul in it, so it has." I " Did they tell you I was false, Harry o darling ?" k She sang the old song through, and I broke off to give them " Bonaparte Cross iug the Alps." . They could hear the very ' tramp of the martial feet as her fingers struck the loose keys that responded with tbh.-.Jlut-tbhrilI of. harmooa to-her oem= ?-' l?'ic-?'-ric to sa?I the piano-the music.de ler stands in with her-but she and the old instrument are mates," said a man in the crowd. "Aye," answered his friend; "like " those bird-whistles the street fakirs s~ll no one ever can make such music out of ' them as those fellows do. It's one of the " tricks of the trade." Toe staid wonsn turned a white, tired face on them. "Ghosts, ghosts, all of ye ; but this is real," and abhe touched the keys, that an. y swered with a plaintive air. "Mid," they whispered to each other. But the music she played held them spell. t bound. It was the cry tf the homeless, the desolate, voiced like a prayer. Men took off their hats and bowel their heads ; women eobhbd.' The music became a crant-a requiem : S"There's no place like home, d There's no place liki home, Home, sweet, sweet home." As the last note died away, the singer laid her head on the keys, and- did not a lift it again. r "This piano is sold," said the dealer, as d he stepped . to his show-window and h dropped the curtain. Mrs De Pink : " Iam amazt, ir, that yoe should propose to my daughter. Why, sae s jaus one of boarding-school, and you have e iti known her a week." Young Man (a smart fellow) : " True, madam., but I nave known you for some atime, and everybody says your daughter takes attaer you." "That young widow Flison is quite a dashing creature, don't you think " "I guess you are right She dashed my hopes moat effectually when I asked her to marry "Glorious I Old fellow, so her her father said yes when you asked him P" .. Yes." " How did you put the question " '* Asked hia i hehs any objection tome." tyers-" What was your idea in getting Svaccinated on your rhenmatic arm P" Seller-" Economy of pain. It couldn't a make the arm hurt worse than it did al a Little Eflle (who has stroked the kitten until she hts begun to purr)-" Mandie, do 1 you her that P" Sister Maud-" Hear ,.itty'.boiling.' syatbatee Widow-0 Have you been fortuna in your love affairs P" Initereat ir.g aubject-" 'Yes, very. I never yet fel in lobe with a girl who wouldjirry me." He-" What about thosenew rielghbomue Syou called on to-day P"' She--'" Well, they \- aid they had come to the village to avoid y society and begged me to call often." T?amp--" Say, governor, you wanter get a medal from the humane society 1" Gentleman-" Through you P" Tramp " Yes. Give me a dollar and you'll save both our lives." 