THE FOOTBALL SEASON. NOTES ON SATURDAY'S MATCHES. ESSENDON STILL UNBEATEN. BY OBSERVER. ESSENDON V. FITZROY. Once again Essendon have been completely, soundly, and scientifically thrashed—up to half time. When the resting time came on Saturday Fitzroy had five goals to one, and though Essendon's followers said afterwards, "We must give them a bit of encouragement to begin with, they were none the less in a state of painful anxiety during the whole of that first hour. For Fitzroy had done everything in the game immeasurably better than their rivals, and simply walked round Essendon with the supe- riority of their little-marking. Then came Essendon's pet them, and with it Fitzroy's complete discomfiture. One ineffectual rush by Fitzroy and then Essendon simply took possession of their goal-and stuck to it as pertinaciously as a sheriff's officer. Wright was the first to score and then Thurgood, the invincible, played a lone hand that simply drove the spectators frantic with admiration. He had played book, forward, and on the ball everywhere with infinite credit ; but the four successive goals in a few minutes was the coping stone-and one of those special feats of which Thurgood alone seems capable. Three of his four goals were splendid ones and he had a couple of shots in addition quite 80 yards out that covered the whole distance and were onlj a trifle out in direction. Unquestionably we have never had such a goal-kicker as Thur- good-save and excepting, always a number of those pioneer marvels to whom we gladly give the distinction of being all that they claimed to be. It saves argument. At all events Fitzroy saw their n well-earned lead dis- appear in a few minutes before the remark- able capacity of one man and by time they were so exhausted by their tremendous efforts in the first half that all chance of a recovery had gone too. Though the game was in- teresting to the close Essendon having once got the lead kept it. The goal to Forbes should, I think, have been a free kick to Banks, but it did not affect the main issue. While one never expects an umpire to do all that the unreasoning barracker asks him- such a thing, is not within the range of poor human ability- Schaefer's umpiring in this match was by no means his beat perform- ance. Essendon's triumph is summed up in one word-Thurgood. He may not boast "Alone I did it" -in fact he is not one of the boasting type-but none the less it would not have been done without him. Captain Dick now fully realises that he has command not merely of a phenomenal goal-kicker, but a fine all-round footballer, and when Essen- don were playing against the wind he did not waste him forward but sent him to more responsible posts. Early in the game Banks undertook to watch him, but seemed to tire of his task and wisely assume that he could do better for his side else- where. Essendon's defence was particularly well looked after by that fine, manly foot- baller, George Stucktey-Officer being given an outlet for some of his energy in the ruck. Further out Finlay and Grecian were a most capable pair. In the early stages it seemed that George Moriarty would hold his own with Finlay, but later on the dashing Essen- don centre-man defied all opposition. In the skirmishing line Wright was next to Thur- good the most valuable man on the side-his high-marking and clever passing being espe- cally noticeable. Ball Kearney, and Watson did splendid work in the ruck-the last- named a bit better than his avenue form for the season. Of course there were many other Essendon men prominent in the game but those named should be thanked for special services. For Fitzroy Banks once again not merely told his man what to do, but showed them how to do it. His high marking was superb, and his desperate rushed through the ruck Such as only men of Banks's physique dare attempt. The umpire was at times a little kind to him, yet Fitzroy, as a whole, were far from satisfied with him. They were simi- larly dissatisfied with him. Trait last Saturday, but, of course, it is not to be assumed that umpires are in league against Fitzroy , it rather shows that umpiring for a losing team's always difficult-umpiring for winners correspondigly easy. I don't consider Fitzroy a team of grumblers by any means- on the other hand thej must not expect many others than their ardent supporters to side with them in the theory that umpires, who are quite as anxious to excel as are players lay themselves out to thwart a par- ticular team, and sacrifice their own reputa- tion in their own sphere-the thing is absurd. Next to Banks, in what has become almost a regular order of merit with Fitzroy, was Cleary, who in the first hour was ubiquitous. Melting's football had the merit of being, con- sistent right through, and one rarely sees Sloane to quite as much advantage as in the first hour of this game. Hickey got one mark that he would willingly have parted with to any player on the ground. It was a greemish-blue mark aroung one eye. M'Michael and Weir were a useful pair of backs, the former's forte being hard work, the latter's trickness. Few, it any, of the place men pleased friendly critics as much ¡is Whelan. Fitzroy's a forward disposition was nice and even, but once again, with consider- able gain to the side, they put Grace as much as possible into the ruek. MELBOURNE V. FOOTSCRAY. Neither of these teams were strong on Saturday, for three absentees such as O'Dea Sholl, and Moysey make a difference even to Melbourne, and Footscray has many men it can better spare than Pender and Molyneaux. Even Footscray's ardent friends can now fix just the exact limit of their powers. Give than a good open ground, a dry ball and man to man football, and they play a first- rate game, turn such a clever ruck as Melbourne's against them, and they are powerless. This was particularly noticeable in the first half of Saturday game, when the exceptional skill of the Reds in the ruck was brilliantly dis- played. There, if any where, they are sanguine of beating Essendon on Saturday next. In the first half of the came Mel- bourne's organisation in this close work was so thorough that there was really but one team in it. At half time they led by five goals, Footscray having had but two chances to score, and got both. On the other side Christy had been more effective, for with five chances to score he had bagged five goals. In the interval Footscray discussed their own weakness with so much effect that on continuing they played a vastly im- proud game and put on three more goals without a behind, s0 that for a little while there was a chance that they might still make the game interesting. In the last quarter, however they were all on the ball, and the finish was of the scrambling, point less kind, in which Melbourne held their lead comfortably. Two men were prominent for the winners, Christy in the first half and M'Guinness in the second-though nothing would have pleased Christy better, I fancy than to have been able to keep those five goals for Essendon next Saturday. A goal got by M'Guinness was about the finest of the match. The Melbourne back were remark- ably dull all day. O'Halloran being the only one who showed much life. In the absence of their two regular wing men tiny tried Howes and Lewis in those positions, and though Howes was tricky enough for Evans where that faculty served he was an onlooker when it came to straight ahead dash. Wardell played a fair game in tin centre, and would have played a better one had the umpire curbed his desire for a run more promptly. Smith rarely gets a game for Melbourne now, but put in on Saturday, when the reserves were drained, he proved a most useful man, getting a goal himself, and giving the marks from which three other goals was got. Wilson too was invaluable, and for that power in the ruck which so demoralised Footscray Fry and Moodey were mainly responsible. The best of the Footscray ruck was Maynard, but late in the game Lemon came out in at form, and his name was in everyone's mouth. That veteran of veterans, Barrass, was another good man for Footscray, getting three goals— two of them from fine marks right in front when Melbourne's backs were all round him. Coward was completely off, and is said that he leaves Footscray shortly to go to West Australia, where football has boomed in something the same manner as mining. T- Stranger and Morgan were the two backs who did most for Footscray, but their half-back line, made up of Dick, Dickens and Thomp- son was always sound. Dickens especially being a smart and pretty player. Of the others Walsh and Hobbs most under notice. Footscray have an important en- gagement next Saturday—they play at Wil- liamstown. RICHMOND V. COLLINGWOOD. There were several incidents in the match played on the Richmond Cricket ground which were not-strictly speaking—football but will constitute a sort of second edition of the game to be play in the Association- rooms, with a select committee umpiring. Richmond have so far the best of it, for they won at football, and what may be called the side issues. in which Parker, of Richmond, and Stock, of Collingwood, are chiefly concerned, stand at present a draw. Without wishing to de- prive Richmond of even a twig of its hard-won laurels, it should he pointed out that Colling- wood were severely handicappod in the ruck by the absence through injuries, of Dowdell and Ashton, and the crippling of McInerney during the progress of the match, while Rich- mond's ruck—a formidable one in its class— was intact. In the first quarter, when they had the wind, Collingwood played their best, but for the remaining, three-quarters the game was Richmonds. The goal-kicking of the home twenty improved immensely—for, in addition to their seven goals, they got the ball through the posts three times, but were just beaten by the umpire's whistle in each instance. It is not to be assumed that the ball should not have been called back in these cases, but they simple serve to confirm the accuracy of Richmond's shooting. The man mainly responsible for this state of things was Elder, who played a first-class game in the ruck and got three goals to cap it. Parker, Taylor, Price, and O'Meara roving all serveral to make Richmond strong in the scrimmage. They have discovered a very promising colt in Connelly, a St. Patrick's College boy, who high marks like an artist and promises to play on. Catt and Grainger did very well considering that they wen opposed by Sime and Pannam, two men rarely beaten in their places. The tussle between Strickland and Backhouse in the centre was watched with much interest, and if the Collingwood captain had rather the best of it in the earlier stages it was because he exercised a wider right in roving. Sparrow and Deane were the crack pair back, and a glance at the premiership table shows either that Richmond are very weak back or that clubs playing against them have made the most of their opportunities. The team, at any rate, were glad to get back from the country so reliable a defender as Deane. Others who shaped nicely were Kilmartin, Cornigo and Digby. Monaghan played a fine game for Colling- wood, but his rough handling of Catt during one stage of the game was altogether inex- cusable, and brought on him a storm of most emphatic censure. It is not too much to say that Alsop was as irritating-legitimately so -in his attempts to baulk Proudfoot as a man so much smaller than his opponent could be,yet never once did Proudfoot resent it or vary that fine spirit of manliness and generosity in which he plays football. He can be cited to any youngster as the model of what a footballer should be. Of the others in the team not already mentioned Tulloch was very good in any position. Sance useful forward, and Murphy doing his level best all through to compensate Collingwood for the loss of so many of the regular ruck men. Smith proved conclusively-with such con- vincing arguments as 3 goals-that Richmond made a great mistake when they let him stray across the municipal boundary into Collingwood. WILLIAMSTOWN V. CARLTON. Carlton found a new home on Siturday in amongst the University colleges- whether a permanent or temporary one it is yet too soon to say For football there is, no better ground in Melbourne than the University enclosure. An arrangement which would give Carlton an abiding-place and the reserve committee the means in a little while to materially improve their ground should be satisfactory to both sides. But 1 hear that a couple of the professors arc alarmed lest the classic quiet of Ormond or Trinity should be disturbed by the sturdy improvisation of the modern barracker. Professor Morris was once credited with the ambition to publish a work on Australian slang, and the football arrange- ment would open up for him new avennes for study; while it one may judge from students nights at the theatres, the foot- baller has nothing new to teach them in lung gymnastics. Coming to the game, neither side was at their strongest; and Carlton, who were led by Aitken, sacrificed some chances of scoring in the first quarter that would just about have saved the game for them. In the second term, against the wind, they played up remarkably well, and had two to one the best of it, both in goals an I merit- one of these goals by the by scored by Leith from a remarkable kick, being, I honestly be- lieve, the-finest I have ever seen. In the third quarter Williamstown, who had been wast- ing just a little more energy on the men than the ball saw the error of their ways, and a few fine show by the brothers Warren-Peter especially being in a scoring mood-gave them a had in goals, which they never after- wards lost, though Carlton were coming on hand over first towards the finish. Carlton's opportunity lay with some half dozen shots by McDonald—all within range—some ex- asperatangly close,but none through the goal. McCoy umpired the game very well. For the winners no man improved so much on his ordinary form as Captain Kenny, who was roving in place of James. R. McCubbin and Fribbs played a rattling game in the ruck, the latter lumpy little athelete being far more successful than usual in eluding capture. W. Warren was invaluable as usual, scoring two good goals as a crown to his general work, but throwing another way very stupidly by trying a hurried punt instead of the place, with which over a certain distance he is so re- liable. Dyson's drop kicking was something quite out of the common and on this subject I should like to see the V. F. A. give a medal towards the close of each season to deter- mine who is the best drop kick in senior foot- ball, and the actual distances that some of our cracks can cover. Little Hawkerstone, who is a Carlton boy, made his reappearance with the team after a long spell through in- jury, and though good is not yet quite him- self. P. Warren, as I have hinted, got three first- rate goals, and others who showed good form were Riley, Evans, Gibbs, and Thompson. On the other aide six men especially carried Carlton colours with as much credit as any ghost of the glorious past could desire, those six being Hannah, Rolfe, Aitken,Stewart, Woodhouse, and Leith. There are few better backs play- ing football than Young Rolfe, who soars with something of the dash of a Blue Rock from a pigeon trap, and high marking in this match was as valuable to have as beatiful to behold. The little stripling Hannah, too , charmed everyone with his cool. clever football, and " Brook," an he is known in the team has the art to " ripple over stony way" with more case to himself than the other side. Outside the crack half-dozen, Patterson, Brazil, Balharry, Ingram, Knatt, and Walton played a good game and an interesting stranger forward, variously de- scribed as Hearne, Keen, and Kehan, got two goals in very good style. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. PORT MELBOURNE. The game was one of the least interesting played on the South Melbourne Cricket- ground this season, for Port Melbourne took the field with the air of men who were bound to be beaten and some of the South Mel- bourne cracks played as though they knew there was no need for heroic exertions. As neither were disappointed presumably both were satisfied, but a constantly chopping wind interfered greatly with the play and lift the onlookers none too phased with their afternoons entertainment. In the first quarter the Ports, with the advantage of the wind, got two goals to one, but in the third quarter even the wind could not help them to any decided lead. As a reasonable pre- caution, no doubt, Trait was sent over to umpire the match, which, however, was played in a first rule spirit and with a con- tinuance of this sort of football the Potts may easily redeem their past mistakes. It will not be sufficient for them however to give their obedience to the firmest of umpires and make things unpleasant for a novice. For the winners Howson was perhaps the cleverest players the field, taking a lot of the work that ordinarily fails to Waugh. No man on the ground had the ball nearly so often as A. Burns, and considering the liberal way they ted him he did no more than his share in getting, four goals, and missed often enough to make Captain M'Knight declare at out stage. "If you miss this one will put you back." Watson with fewer opportunities got three goals, and one of the marks from which he scored was a beauty. Once Doran carried the ball the full length of the ground and gave it to Watson for it goal, and as the re- doubtable "Chopper" was cheered back to his place, a peacock in full plumage was modestly compared with him. But, alas ! pride goeth before a full ; and he tried it again and came to grief. The Southern ruck was as clever as usual, M'Arthur being specially busy in helping, Burns to the ball. Windley, Charrett and for man all played a first-rate game. Once again Cornelius was the cleverest man in the Port Melbourne team. Repeatedly he played the ball out to one of his own men, and then got forward in time to take it from that man again. Gibson was a hard worker in the ruck, and Decis and Maddox forward pleased the spactators, the latter getting a very fine goal. Fitzpatrick, Drew, and Wills were there very reliable place men, and Graham, who was kept back all day, used his high- marking ability to mach effect there. John- son was another man who served the Ports well. GEELONG V. ST. KILDA. A somewhat singular game was placed at Geelong, where the local team scored their first goal with four kicks, and not a Saintly hand laid on the ball between them. Very soon after the start they had their clipper M'Callum incapacitated, and in the second halt O'Farrell was carried off injured, but not before he had got two goals. Strangely enough, after each mishap Geelong played better than before, as though they had found room in proportion to their strength, and the sequal to O'Farrell's retirement was a run of four goals in about eight minutes. Except for portion of the last term St. Kilda had no serious share in the game. 'Had we played like this last Saturday," said a friend of Geelong, " we would have down'd South Melbourne," but the measure of one team a ability is the exact proportion of the other side's inability and South Melbourne and St. Kilda are two different teams. If not an even game, a pleasant and fair game might at least have been expected from these two clubs, but strangely enough a marked sourness of temper was shown all through, and both aides were to blame. Although the season starts with universal peace and good- will, grudges seem to grow in proportion to the games St. Kilda were without the help of abrahams, Shaw, Collins, and Simpson. For the winners, Peter Burns played one of his good games, but Geelong a strength lay largely in its rack, where Davis Brockwell, Singleton and M'Shane all worked very haed. H. M'Shane is quickly justifying his promotion to the Geelong first twenty, and in this match got five goals, three of them from snap-shots James and Wilson close in, with Greenfield in front of them, formed a barrier very hard to break through, and no pair allowed more improved form than Nuttall and Decoit. The St. Kilda half-back line, where Ramsden, Locket, and Avlwin formed a regular barrier, was the strongest link in their disposition, the Geelong people ad- miring Ramsden particularly. O'Grady held his own with Marmo in the earlier stages, but not afterwards. Cox, Dunn, Archer and Lowe were a strong quartette in the ruck, but Matthews was a bit erratic. Smith, for- ward and Spilker were the only other two at all conspicuous. PREMIERSHIP LIST, 1894. Essendon Melbourne South Melbourne North Melbourne Fitzroy Fooscray Geelong .. Collingwood Williamstown Richmond Port Melbourne St. Kilda Carlton ESSENDON V. FITZROY. First Quarter —Fitzroy 1 goal 1 behind; Essen- don, 5 behinds. Half-time —Fitzroy, 6 goals 3 behinds; Essendon, 1 goal 5 behinds. Third Quarter - Essendon, 6 goals 9 behinds ; Fitzroy, 5 goals 3 behinds. Final Score.-Essendon, 8 goals 9 behinds ; Fitz- roy, 6 goals 7 behinds. Goal-kickers.-For Essendon-Thurgood(5) Wright, Kearney, and Forbes. For Fitzroy-Grace (2) Lam- ley, Matthew, McSpeerin and Sumpter. MELBOURNE V. FOOTSCRAY. First Quarter.—Melbourne, 3 goals 1 behind ; Foots- cray, 1 goal. Half-time.—Melbourne, 7 goals 6 behinds ; Foots- cray, 2 goals. Third Quarter.—Melbourne, 8 goals 7 behinds ; Footscray, 5 goals. Final Score.—Melbourne, 9 goals 9 behinds ; Foots- cray, 5 goals 1 behind. Goal-kickers.—For Melbourne—Christy (5), Hogan, Roche, Smith and McGuinness. For Footscray— Barrass (3), Chadwick, and Walsh. WILLIAMSTOWN V. CARLTON. First Quarter.—Carlton 3 behinds ; Williamstown, 2 behinds. Half-time.—Carlton, 2 goals 6 behinds ; Williams- town, 1 goal 4 behinds. Third Quarter.—Williamstown, 4 goals 4 behinds ; Carlton, 3 goals 10 behinds. Final Score.—Williamstown, 6 goals 6 behinds ; Carlton, 4 goals 12 behinds. Goal-kickers.—For Williamstown—P. Warren (3), W. Warren (2), and Broomfield. For Carlton— Hearne (2) Leith, and Knatt. RICHMOND V. COLLINGWOOD. First Quarter.—Collingwood, 2 goals 2 behinds ; Richmond, 1 goal. Half-time.—Richmond, 3 goals 2 behinds ; Colling- wood, 2 goals 3 behinds. Third Quarter.—Richmond, 4 goals 5 behinds ; Collingwood, 4 goals 3 behinds. Final Score.—Richmond, 7 goals 7 behinds ; Colling- wood, 4 goals 3 behinds. Goal-kickers.—For Richmond — Elder (3), Lord, Taylor, Alsop, and Backhouse. For Collingwood— Smith (3), and Murphy. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. PORT MELBOURNE. First Quarter.—Port Melbourne, 2 goals 3 behinds; South Melbourne, 1 goal. Half-time.—South Melbourne, 4 goals 4 behinds; Port Melbourne, 2 goals 4 behinds. Third Quarter.—South Melbourne, 4 goals 9 be- hinds ; Port Melbourne, 2 goals 5 behinds. Final Score.—South Melbourne, 7 goals 11 be- hinds ; Port Melbourne, 3 goals 6 behinds. Goal-kickers.—For South Melbourne—A. Burns (4), Watson (3). For Port Melbourne—Maddox, O'Brien, and Fitzpatrick. ST. KILDA V. GEELONG. First Quarter.—Geelong, 2 goals 2 behinds ; St. Kilda, nil. Half-time.—Geelong, 4 goals 4 behinds ; St, Kilda, 1 goal. Third Quarter.—Geelong, 9 goals 9 behinds ; St. Kilda, 2 goals. Final score.—Geelong, 10 goals 10 behinds ; St. Kilda, 3 goals 1 behind. Goal-kickers.—For Geelong—H. McShane (5), O'Far- rell (2), Graham (2), and James. For St. Kilda— Archer, Smith, and Cox. VICTORIAN JUNIOR FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION. The following are the results of matches played on Saturday : A Section.—Napier Imperial v. Brighton.—Napier Imperial, 6 goals to 4 goals. Collingwood Juniors v. Ascotvale.—Draw, 2 goals to 2 goals. North Williamstown v. South Yarra - South Yarra, 5 goals to 3 goals. Austral v. University, -Austral, walkover. Essendon District v. Camberwell.-Eesen- don District walkover. B Section.- Fitzroy Juniors v. Preston-Fitzroy Juniors, 5 goals to 2 goala. Albion United v. Carlton Junior. Albion United 6 goals to 2 goals. North Melbourne Juniors v. Melbourne one-Draw,2 goals to 2 goals Richmond City v Hawthorn-Richmond City, 8 goals to 4 goals. Brunswick , v. West Mel- bourne Juniors.-West Melbourne Juniors 2 goals to 1 goal. SCHOOL FOOTBALL. St. James's Grammar School v. Essendon Grammar School-played at Royal-park on Thursday after- noon and resulted in a victory for St. James's school by 3 goals to 1 goal. The goal-kickers were Barr, Wright and Carter for the winners, and Hool for Essendon. British Association Rules -The return match between H.M.S. Katoomba and the Combined Team was played at Middle park on Saturday before a good attendance of spectators and resulted in a win for the Combined Team by 7 goals to nil after an interesting match. FOOTBALL IN THE COUNTRY. BALLARAT, SATURDAY. The South Ballarat and Sebastopol clubs met at the Saxon Paddock to-day, and a very rough game was won by Sewastopol, who scored 4 goals 4 behinds to their opponents 2 goals 4 behinds. The goal kickers were Horne (two), Chapman, and Davis for the winners and Gullan and Ellingeen for the lo sers.. One of the South Ballarat players is alleged to have struck Herbert, the umpire, during, the progress of the game and the latter was also assaulted in the dressing-room. The matter will probably come before the association. LILYDALE, SATURDAY. The Lilydale and Healesville clubs played to-day their last match in the third round of the Irvine trophy competition. Lilydale won by 5 goals 5 behinds to 2 goals 2 behinds. MARYBOROUGH, SATURDAY. North Melbourne played the local team to day, the visitors winning by 5 goals 9 behinds to 3 goals 6 be- hinds. FOOTBALL IN NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Sunday. The final Rugby football matches were played yesterday on the Association ground, the cup being won by Randwick from Wallaroo by 4 points to 3. 