SCHOOL ESCAPADES. The average schoolboy seldom hesi tates to risk limb or even life. When he has an exciting adventure in view, he carefully calculates the total amount of fun aud enjoyment that can be derived from it, but neglects to take into consideration the other side of the account, in which danger and possible mishaps stand as prominent items. It has been my lot to inquire into many boyish escapades. In one school we found great diffi culty in restraining some of the boys from risking their lives on the railway line, aud we have often wished that the company had given us a wider berth. One afternoon a railway porter camc into the cricket-field, escorting a most unwilling prisoner. From the man's statement and the confession of the culprit, it appeared that two days before, whilst several of our boys were out for a walk, one of them declared that he would be the last to cross the line in front of the express which was then due. This challenge was taken up, but when the express came by, only one boy ventured across, the other having delayed until his courage had evaporated. The driver noticed the occurrauce, and as a similar event happened next day, and one boy narrowly escapcd being run over, he reported the matter to the station master. A couple of porters were posted behind a hedge, and one of the foolhardy boys was captured. Boys who were unable to swim were allowed in the bath only when a master was present, but those who had overcome the first difficulties in keeping themselves afloat were granted free access to the bath. A boy ran up to me one afternoon and breathlessly told me that a fellow was drowning in the bath. With a feeling of great relief 1 found that two of the monitors had pluckily rescued their unfortunate companion. We found that it had been a practice with many of the boys to dive down to the bottom of the water and push their heads into the narrow opening through which the water was let out. On this occasion the boy found it difficult to extricate his head, and, losing presence of mind would have miserably perished like a mouse in a trap had not his com panions dived aud released him. Early in June a fair took place in a village not far from tiie schoolhouse. Bui for their own folly there would have been no objection to our fellows requenting this. The year before one of the shows had been visited by some grammar school boys, and. as the entertainment failed lo come up to the standard they required, they wrecked the lent. In consequence of this, the head master issued an edict that the fair would be 'out of bounds.' I went with one of my colleagues to see the shows, but we found little amusement and less edification until we came to a tent in which a perform ance was to be given by a troupe of ' black minstrels.' The concert was most satisfactory, and I was particu larly pleased with the efforts of one youthful minstrel, who was possessed of a peculiarly rich soprano voice. Indeed, the whole performance was of a more finished and refined character than one usually finds in the enter tainments provided at village fairs. When we left the tent I expressed my approval to my companion. ' Yes,' Slid he, smiling grimly, ' 1 always knew that young Barton could sing. His is the best voice in the school choir. I am afraid we must report him.' 1 witnessed an amusing sceno on the platform of a large station at a time when many of the schools were return ing after the Easter holidays. When the down express arrived it brought with it a number of schoolboys. These amused themselves after the manner of their kind, and it was with feelings of relief that we saw the guard signal to the driver to start. A farewell greeting of hard peas rattled about us, and a porter, who in the few minutes that had elapsed since the arrival of the train had made himself obnox ious to the boys, was specially singled out for punishment, The angry man started ofi' at a rapid run as though he hoped to catch the youngsters, but this only increased their happiness. They laughed uproariously at his hopeless efforts, and I must confess that I also smiled. But the vengeful porter was better acquainted with the business of that station, and was well aware that the express always ' took on' some goods waggons that were waiting on a siding. In a few minutes it pulled up and then slowly backcd along the siding. Leaving the coupling to be attended to by another porter, the angry man jumped onto tbe footboard of tbe carriage and entered tho com partment iu which his tormentors had been seated. But he emerged again with cresfallen mien, for the boys had daringly left the carriage on the off side as soon as the train began to back, and had entered other compart ments. Although the angry oiiicial strove hard, it was impossible to identify tbe culprits anion'' so many boys, and the train was allowed to resume its journey without further delay. Canoeing was the favourite pastime at one of my schools. The boys were nearly all sons of wealthy parents, and there were very few who bad not succeeded in acquiring a canoe. In one of the annual struggles for the championship two competitors came home together, aud when the course was rowed over a second time a dead heat was again declared. Eventually one of tlis rivals established his right to hold the cup, but the previous abortive contests had aroused some unpleasant feelings between the two boys. I believe that the loser chal lenged his foe to a duel with pistols, and that for this purpose a couple of deadly looking revolvers were pur chased. Happily, however, we found one of the dv.elists practising with his weapon, and further investigations led to the discovery of the second revolver. Deprived of this dangerous amuse ment, a partisan suggested that the duellists should carry out their engage ment, but that this should take the form of an aquatic tournament iu canoes — the object of each combatant being to run the iron nose of his canoe into the frail side of his enemy's barque. That this novel performance produced much excitement and amuse ment I can bear testimony, for 1 came unexpectedly upon the scene of the mimic battle. As there seemed to be small probability that any damage would occur, other than that which the canoe might receive, I did not not interfere, but remained an inter ested observer of a unique struggle. After many vicissitudes fickle fortune came to the assistance of the defeated candidate for the championship, and, amidst excited cheers and defiant yells lie rammed his opponent's canoe so successfully that it sank, leaving its owner to swim to the bank aud ac knowledge himself defeated. One more cscapade I call to mind, but in this case it was impossible to overlook the almost criminal reck lessness of the boys who indulged in so crucl and practical joke. Amongst the new boys at the beginning of term was one whose parents had asked that, if possible, he might occupy a room by himself. We returned to school ill the midst of a heavy gale, and 1 was not much surprised when one of the servants informed me that some loose slates had been blown through the large window of my bed room. As there was no time to have the damage repaired that night, I was compelled to take possession of the new boy's room. He was sent into a small room with one other occupant. Late that night I awoke with a curious creepy feeling, and as my eyes became accustomed to tlie dim light afforded by the moon, my senses nearly left mc again. Around my bed 1 beheld a circle of white robed figures. Whilst I was trying to master my startled nerves a happy thought flashed into my mind. With out further hesitation I sprang from bed and grappled with one of the ghosts. The others fled and the noise of their departure assured mc that I was dealing with earthly beings. But I carefully refrained from making up my mind on this point until 1 had soundly thrashed my captive ghost. The demonstration had not been 'got up' for my benefit, but for that of the new boy, and it was a protest against his desire for the seclusion of a second bedroom, There is but little doubt that the poor boy would have been driven out of his senses, had he been present to receive his unwelcome visitors. 