THE POPE ON BIBLE STUDY. The Pope's latest encyclical, dated Some, November 18, 1893, is largely devoted to the importance of a thorough training in the Bible for prieete and teachers. Not only does he urge systematic study, but also that it should bs in the original languages. Two principal reasons are alleged to have caused the Pope to write this document. The one is his desire to see ' this glorious source of revelation more safely and more abundantly opened for the use of the Lord's flock ;' the other is his unwillingness to 'tolerate that the same should in any way be violated by those who either by impious daring openly attack the Bwred Writings, or im prudently are scheming new and fal lacious doctrine.' The Pope supports his statements by references to the Fathers, and takee very strong ground in favor of earneBt and constant study of the Scriptures, quoting the words of Hierouymue, who declares that ' to ignore the Scriptures is ignoring Christ' He warns the preachers or the Catholic Church against {preferring to use their own rather than God's Word and wisdom, and severely inveighs against the abuse and lack of Biblical study and research. 'TheCatbolio Church,' he contends, 'at all times, and by the best laws and institutions, has taken care never to leave tbe heavenly treasures, whioh the Holy Ghost has given so liberally to man, neglected or concealed.'' In the long succession of Popes and Ecu menical Councils, priests and teachers of the Cburch, Leo XIII. discovers only one long series of enunciations of tbe fundamental doctrine of the Church, 'that the study or the Sacred Scriptures muBt form tbe tounaa tion of all preaching and teaching, faith and dogma.' The Pope advises great prudence in tbe choice and selection of teachers and pro fespors for this important discipline. He adopts tbe Vulgate or recognised Latin version of the Bible as the true and generally accepted text book. One of tne most noticeable passages in tbe encyclical is the admission that the only way to meet the advances made by critical 'science is by bringing to the defence of religion a finer and truer scholarship than that which opposes it. 'i his is an unusual doctrine, some may imagine, for the Roman Catholic Church, but it is advocated with great clearness, as is also tbe statement that there can be no conflict between religion and science, since God's revelation in Hia Word can never contradict that in His worts. 