WIT , AND HUMOUR. For one men who can stand prosperity there, pre Jtejiwho would like to try. Rich _peop1e always have poor relations; f>nt pbbrcbple' are not always blessed with rich relatives, c. . said the proprietor of the b&rbr;',; shop, " he was a very sjckI barbgr.bnt. we had to let him go ; he didn understand the business," "What did Tie do ' Je forgot to say to a bald-headed customer that his hairnceded trin»mmg>to-dfty." Eminent Q.C. (addressing jury) ; "And, gentlemen, wheu we reflect on the very strong safe, the bad tools, the poor light, cramped quarters, and my client's natural weakness, um I not right in claiming he earned. the" stolen L300 by tbc sweat f bis brow f ' 44 All the world's a stage, Sam, and the men «nri women Anerely players." "Yes, maesa; bnt if dat'a-ao, where you goin' for to get yer andiesoe and orchestry." Scientifically Explained. — 44 Doctor, why is it that some people who are perfect wrecks live . longer .than others who are strong and well . " Er — well— you see, the others die Brut.-"' He Dldn'rDedylt. — She : Before we wtxe married yon said you loved the very ground I walked on. He; So 1 did, and I love it still. 44 Jack have a banana ?" 4iNo, Fll have a pear." 44 I've otaly got bananas." 44 1 know that." 44 Then why do you ask for apr»ar r" 44 Because that'e what I waut— a pair of bananas, "—From44 Harper's Young People." Pa and ma were sitting quietly near the firopluoe. Pa was reading a paper and ma wae kuitting. Presently ma looked np over ber rlasees. 44 Pa," ebe said, 44 1 b'lieve ouf Henry is in love." 4lWhat makes you think so ?' 14 Well, he a'nfc 'at nothin' for a week past to speak of." Pa laid his paper down in his lap. folded his hands over it and gazed into the fire reflectively. 14 It's kinder queer' bout bein' in love," he said slowly. 4 \Y hen people is oourtiu1 they never seem to keer for victuals ; but jest as saon aa they get married victuals is about the only thing they'll bustle for, seven days in the week." NOT SATISFIED. I kissed ber a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I'd only "fayed I might have had one more. 44 Ih that a real Italian couut that is call fog cq jour sister?" Jimmie: "Well, i .should bay so. And ho must be well kuown nil over bis native laud, for tlu>re isn't an ice- ci earn man in town but what calls bim by name when they apeak." XtoKnt Thoughts. 4 What, w beautilul thiug is thought, '' she said ; 44 A boon it is to myself and Jim. I ait and think he ie thinking of me, And he site and thinks I am thinking of Lint." Couldn't Forget Them.— 44 Mary," said the sick man to his wife when the dootor pronounced ita case of small-pox, 44if any of my creditors call, tell them I am at last in a condition to give them something." A professor, in explaining to a class of young ladies the theory according to which the body is eutiiely renewed every seven years, said : 44 Thus, Miss B., in seven years yon will no longer be Mies B.'" 44 1 really hope I shan't, " demurely reepouded the girl, modestly casting down her eyes. A ghost story—44 lam thy father's spirit." Doing time — The lady who grows younger every year. A stationer's traveller, having had a run of had lock in prosecuting business, received from his employer the following telegram —"If you can't make expenses, come home atonoe. ' The reply was— 44 All right. Can make plenty of expenses, but no sales." 44 My tafck in life," said the pastor, com- placentl), 44 consists in saving young men." 4 Ah," replied the maiden, with aoulfol longing, 4"aave b good one for me, won't you?" Hicks: "Look etSniggs flirting with the girls over there. I thought you said he wae a woman-hater." Wicks : 44So be is ; but the woman he hates 16 not there. Another Prodigy. — Mrs Jinniwing (to distinguished foreign visitor) : 4 That -piece my daughter is playing is extremely difficult, baron." Baron Bressel (in extrenio agony) : 44 Ah, madame, I visb it was imposjeeable !" liAi.'KUKUl'.VD-S. She st before an eaBcfl with her head tipped lightly so. A paint-brush in ber fingers, idly trailing to afad fro. . 1 stood 'quite cloBe beside her with a wildly beat- . .ing heart, And praised with reckless ardour, her pro flciency iu art. How sweet she was and dainty How llovcd her ! I declare It seemed tome uo.othergirl could be one-half so fair, As she sat thei e, forward, iu the grace- fullest of poses, And deftly put the background in a plaque of yellow-ropes. " Ah! that w&s; many years ogo ; dear girl I love her still, I love her smiles and dimples, and admire the wondrous skill Of her dainty, snowy fingers— I've been watch- ' ing them to-night Move to and fro above the work she's holding totheiight. And, thinking of that other day, I doze a bit, perchance, .Usbsdoftiy puts a background into Jimmie'- other 'pants.1 He had thrown himself at the feet of the girl he loved, and on beuded knees pleaded his cause., ".Will you be iny wife?" he urged passionately. 44 Certainly," she re sponded with fastidious frankueHfi ; 44 but for ooduens sake don't scrouch down in that w«y. - don't like to accept a man wboee pantaloon bag aitbe knee." Consoling: He: I always used to over estimate ray abilities. She (consolingly) : Well, never mind. Your friends never did. som15 satisfaction. 41 1 know," Remarked the gay coquette, 44 1 haven't I Caught a husband yet ; But then," She added, softly sighing, I've badaoiqe fun while I've been trying." Bridget's Sarcasm. — Mr iiurlein : Why -don't you' bring up the momim? paper? It, catnehalf an hour ago. Bridget : Humph ! I)o you cxnict me to rode it coomin1 up tbo atairs? 