It seems the Melbourne Thcosophists are arousing themselves and getting into form to receive thsir High fries toss in a befitting manner. This, of course, is as it should he. Mrs. Annie Bcsant, nialgri tho non- " laying-on of hands," is as much a pontiff to Mr. J. "YV. Hunt and his friends, tho Melbourne Theosophists, as the Archbishop of Westminster is to Dr. Goo, or Leo XIIL is Dr. Carr. And Mrs. Annie Bcsant is shortly to como to Molboarne laden with the occult spiritual riches of the Orient, the gleanings of tho most dovout of devotees. The Melbourne prosident of tho sect assures us that all that is being done, and yet to.be done, springs from tho most exalted motives. These are : — Tho formation of the nuoleus of a universal brothorhood of humanity without distinction of race, creed, sex, oolor or caste. To promote the study' of Aryan and other literatures, religion and science. To investigate all lawn of nature unknown to us, and some of the paychieal powers latent in man. It would appear that tho most exacting of critics could scarcely find any ground of offence in objects such as these. Thcosophy, too, puts in somo high do- nmnds on our credit. "Thcosophy," says its Melbourne spokesman, "claims to " represent tho matured thought of cen- " turies of men who wero greater thau " Darwin and Wallace. It offers to the " ..„.M :a.„„ . ti.. .. i.„i. "ground of religion and scionce." This certainly ought to bo a platform wide enough for the most latitudinarian of thinkers, moro particularly when we aro ossnred that " tho ethics of all tho " world's groat teachers" are " embodied " in The.osopliy." What, perhaps, after this tends a little to unsettle the mind is the announcement that Tlieosophy is nt war " with super- " stition and dogmatism." Plain people will ho apt to think that it cannot go to war with superstition and dogma until it lias first sottled what superstition and dogmatism aro ; and it seems very difficult to do this without dogmatising. If tho Anglican Bishop, who claims to have received a special gift from tho Holy Ghost in tho ordination service ; and the lloman Catholic, who adopts tho dogma of tho Immaculate Concep tion, are to be voted superstitious by the Theosophist, and to ho made war upon, there will he some little hitch in the programme of "universal brotherhood." However, those tilings may grow clearer when the great High Priestess horself arrives to unravel the mystories of Karma to us. In the meantime we have no difficulty in admitting that tho mysteries of occultism are mysterious. enough. In its December number tho Arena returns to its favorite topic — a discussion of the wonders of Hindoo magic. Dr. Heinricli Hensoldt is an Oriental traveller and student ; hut, unlike Madame Blavatsky, Colonel Olcott and Mrs. Besant, he saw tho miracles of that wonderland, not with spiritual eyes, but with those of tho scientist and sceptic. His article in the Arena is now in only one feature — in the theory which lie puts forward to account for tho otherwise wholly unaccountable performances of the Indian magicians. Dr. Hensoldt contends that none of the New Testament miracles, save only those of raising the dead, are nearly "so won- " dorful as the feats performed by the " average Yoghi." But ho is inclined to doubt tho evidence of his own senses as to what ho saw. He believes that these Hindooadeptshave " brought hypnotism to " such a degroo of perfection that, while " under its influence, our senses are no " longer a criterion of the reality around ns, " bntcan he made to deceive us in a manner " which is perfectly amazing." Not the least singular part of the business is that though these practice have been going on for thousands of years, the secret is as close a ono as ever, and quite as " caviare " to the general " as it was when Vishnu first smiled assurance of protection on the faithful of Brahma. Tho jugglery, if jugglery it be, is not performed on stages specially prepared, and assisted by appa ratus, hut in the open light of day- in tli streets and squares of tho cities. One feat .which Dr. Hensoldt describes he saw done live times in different places and by dif ferent professors. Tiie Yoghi took a small fruit called a mango, about the ' size of a pear, dug a hole in tho ground six inches deep, and buried it. In a few minutes the doctor saw a full sized mango tree growing from tho spot, " about fifty feet high, in full foliage, " with mangoes on it. . . . And yet thero "was something strange about this treo " ... a weird rigidness, not one leaf " moving in the breeze. Another curious " feature I noticed— tho leaves seemed to " obscure tho sun's rays, and yet . " it was a tree without a shadow." Another thing Dr. Hensoldt marked about it was that as he approached it it seemed to fade, and grew bright again when ho returned to his place. Once, however, be saw this dono, and was permitted to approach the troo. This one "did not " vanish in proportion fisI approached it, " but retained its. fylj realism, and I" not " only touched itn|buji; actually ctlrnbpd " several feet up, it st&jPe;'nlt 'Anqtjifnieali narrated by the: .samo,, writer is that, of , seeing a Yoghi takeiaiiropol5 feet.long and. an inch thick, throvi it into tho. air, retquvu ing ono end In his hand, aud thon start and climb up it. The rope was rigid, and kept lengthening nbove until the magician actually climbed out of sight into tho skies. Aftor this wo oan excuse Dr. IIcnBoldt's remark that, " tho sphinx on " tho sacred Ganges" is more mysterious than the Sphinx on the Nile. Wo know of coursethat what Dr. Hensoldt lias recorded does not rest on his testimony alone. Professor Kellar, in the North American Review for January of Inst year, makes his report on the samo things as a professional conjuror. Mol- bourno audiences at ono timo were familiar with ICollar's marvels j hut Kellar in India is a baby in jugglery. Ho admits that tho fakirs of India porform feats which to hint aro quito inexplicable on tho hypothesis of mere jugglory. Professor Kellar says : — Fifteen year spent in India and tho Far Kast have oonvinced me that tho high caste fakirs or magioians of Northern India havo probably dis covered natural law of whioh we tn the West aro ignorant. That they succeed in overcoming the forces of nature whioh to us oem insur mountable my observation satisfies me beyond doubt. ' Ho tolls somo of the feats. An' English man named Eglinton had his hand clasped in Kollar's, and while in this condition was mado to rise in tho air to such a height that Kellar had to jump 011 a tablo to retain a hold of Eglinton's hand. On another- occasion, he saw a 'magician hypnotise his companion and stretch him rigidly on tho points of upright swords stuck hilt downwards in the ground, then remove the swords and lenvo tho hypnotised man suspended in air without support. One storyisrolated ofafakir walkitigup into the air a hundred feet ; and another of ono who was buried in tho presence of General Medley in a liormotically scaled coffin for twenty days, and at tho end of that time dug up and resuscitated. But all these feats are fully accounted for to tho believing Theosophists. Indeed, Napoleon Noy, in a paper in tho Arena of December, 1892, tolls us that Occultism in Paris lias now become a science, where feats are performed as astonishing as those of tho Indian "magi." They transport letters in a few moments from Paris to Moscow, they produce dewy llowersundor the eyes of tho spectator from roots tho placed in tho earth inaclosed room, they accomplish lovitation or walking in the air, and they materialise tho astral bodies of tho dead. There, as here, according to tho reports made, the members are devoted to tho study of "the principal dBta of occult " science in all its branches." So much for tho phenomena. When we cmno to examine Dr. Hensoldt's theory of them there appears to he a good deal to be said for the suggestion of hypnotism. Dr. Lomliroso wrote a paper in tho March number of tho Nouvelle Revue for 1892, in which he laid it down that crowds are subject to a peculiar magnetism that liypnotisos good men till they are ready to commit the most appal ling crimes upon suggestion ; and ho declare that ' most of the revolutionary crimes have been committed by men in a hypnotic state. Mrs. Besant herself, sin gular to say, in one of her articles in Lucifer favors this theory. Slio soys of the facts of hypnotism that she believes Western science to ho on tho -eve of dis covering thoso wonderful powors which it has ridiculed in relation to Tlieosophy, and adds — Now one of th most important olasse of LUx. fnutu U l>l„,V m! tn.t.gl.ta venrWot! vilihlf, (IS forms. A hypnotised person after being awakened from trance, and being apparently in normal possession of bis senses, can be made to see any form oonoaiveil by the liypnotiser. No word need be spoken, no touoh given. It suffices that the hypnotiser should clearly imago to himself some idea, and that idea becomes a visible and tangible objaot to th porson under his control. Here wo havo Mrs. Besant, the Theoso phist, supplying a working hypothesis which agrees with those of Dr. Lombroso and of Dr. Hensoldt, tho scientists. The Indian Yoghi had merely to hypnotise the crowd of whom Dr. Hensoldt formed part, and tbo magician's "thought form" became visible to tho spectators. Nor is there any difficulty in the circumstance that Dr. Hensoldt climbed three feot up one of those " thought form" trees. Being hypnotised, tho act of climbing was, of course, part of his delusion ; as was tho feat when he saw a fakir climb up a rope into the sky. The drawback to all this is that it con verts all matter and sense into delusion. It is a scicnco that can " witch the world." The hypnotiser, when lie shall properly know his business, will have all mankind at his mercy, and, as Milton puts it, make us every one — Enter tbo .very lime-twig of bis spoil. When the Theosophists have perfected themselves in their occult studies and readied to a fully developed skill in " thought forms," earth will become what tho Avonian bard has called "a lioll of " witchcraft " ; and, instead of, as now, having to put up with one , par ticular " witching timo of night," we shall go about all day not knowing precisely what may happen to he a " thought form" and what may he of moro solid matter. It is only a single step from this condition, which Mrs. Besant thinks wo avo on the verge of, to that of Bishop Berkeley, who denied that matter exists at all. Accord ing to these speculations, therefore, we may in tho near future awake to find that everything is nothing, and nothing everything — that wo aro living in a hypnotised world, with tho great Arch- Hypnotiser smiling benignly on our gambols — that our imagined woes and imagined joys are all alike illusions, mere "thought forms." Then we shall see once more that Shakspcare was the great Seer, and foretold all things whan he prcdictotl that " liko the baseless fabric of " a vision " — Tho great globe itsolf, Yen, nil which it inherit, shall dtasoive. Anil like tills insubstantial pageant faded, J,oiivo not a ruck behind. Wu aro such stuff As dreams aro mado on, and our littla lifts Is rounded with a ileop. 