IN PARLIAMENT. The Legislative Council is on khe warpath. The medioine men having been consulted they have blessed the enterprise, and now, bedecked with warpaint an8 with spun sharpened, the braves of the Upper House are ready to go forth to war. Momentarily, however, they ar« waiting to see whether the Government can make terais with th» oocnpants of the rival camp. The Counoil braves want to possess the territory known as the Parliamentary Library, formerly occupied as a nampmg-plaoe by the members of the House of .Assembly. Some time ago the Chief Secretary promised 4hat ihe Government woold ask the Assembly if they woald oede the room, but the .all-important question has not yet been pat. On Tuesday the Hon. J. V. O Loghlia asked that the Assembly might be immediately pacifically approached. In tvery tribe, however, there are young bloods whocannot easily be restrained, and the Hon. J)r. Magarey rose yesterday and sud he did not see any need to ask the Council for. the room. "Let ua take the room and see what they will do. They aonld not tarn up out." The militant doctor's remarks wereoheared by other young braves, bnb older beads' counselled pacific measures. The Hon. J. J. Duncan, however, said If the ..Government -will not do anything I will throw in my let with Dr. Magarey, take the and of * table and carry it upstairs. The Hon. J- Basedow—If it oomes to extremes, Mr. President, will you lead us? No answer was vouchsafed, and the queat%n was allowed to drop, the understanding being that the Government will immediately ask the As- M&bly; to agree to Have" the library shifted to the upstairs aad unused smoking-room in ths new boflding, so that the old Assembly utatabar may be ueed as a meeting-place by Jkhe lOtiaamL If they do not, then let them ipolcimt for squalls. Tke ruling the President bad to give will repaid to the Lioenaed - Victuallers Bill was looked forward to with interest. He ruled 'that the faot that one &*nse propcaad to alter imposts did not prevent the introduction of the Bill into the Council, aB the clause might be struok out aad reinserted by the Assembly. . That bad been.the practice, but he suggested that there might be a definite standing order on the point. The Han. XL Ward, without going the length of disputing the ruling, wanted a week to consider it, bat the Chief Seoretary said it was dear as a bell, and Mx. Ward withdraw. Then be went on with his speech on the second reading. The Bill, be said, waa the work of faddistLand as snob nnpractioaL ft libelled jusitraduced the oolony. The moral advancement of the oommnnity aonld not be enforced fcy imperative and tyrannical legislation. The Hon Dr. Maguey stoutly defended' the measure. The time had gone by when the term faddists was regarded as one of opprofariunu He did" not mind. Besides be was not a faddist, beeanse he did not advocate one Ming in season and oat of season, but when suoh a measure at this did come forward he vpuld support it for all he was worth. After +pe Hon. W. A. Robinson bad promised qualified enpport the discussion was adjourned until to-day. The sohedulea of the Lake Bonne? Bill were/ passed, and the third reading of the measure will be taken to-day. ' The remainder of the afternoon and eveninpwas spent in advanoing the Factories Bill in Committee. Numerous points were raised by .opponents of the measure. Mostdisonssion occurred over the definitions of young parsons and children. Ineffectual attempts were made to rednee . the ages. A heated passage occurred between the Hons. J. Darling and -G- McGregor. The former incidentally deplored the letter's lack of veneration, and said tl^at - on a certain occasion Mr. McGregor said, " If the old men wont do What • we tell them put them intheoreek." Mr. MoGvegor indignantly repudiated. The Hon. J. Darling—I oan prove it. The Hon. G. McGregor—1 defy yon to. I am not in the &abitof; getting so heated thafl woold to far Jorget myself. The Hon. J. Darling—I will prove it at the right time. I bave four reliable- -witnesses. • Again the same touchy Scotchmen met. each other on a narrow .path, and neither, would give way.- Mr. Darling oharaotericed newspaper- Belling. M dishonourable compared with working at a trade in a proper faotory, but Mr. McGregor warmly defended the newspaper -boys. Very' few amendments were made, and perhaps the most important was to danse'3.. Instead of one-third of the ratepayers being jible, by signing a petition, to bring their district under the Aet, there must be « majority upon a vote being taken in .the distriot. Clause 11 waa passed, when the Counoil at10 o'elook ad journed till to-day. The preliminary business in the Assembly oooupied a quarter of an hour. Mr. Handyside oocnplained of the abbreviated ''Hansard report of Friday's sitting, Mr. Batohelor gavemotioe of a motion for natnraliringGaram, the olever native of Asia Minor, Mr. Griffiths enquired about the registration of Northern Territory titles, Mr. Solomon gave notice of another attempt to refer the Clarendon weir contract to a Seleot Committee, aad the Minister of Education obtained leave to introduce a Bill relating to tb'e frozen meat and other industries. Mr. Beeves, Minister for Labour, New Zealand, and Mr. Scainmell, of Exeter, England, were visitors during the -afternoon. " The Pastoral Bill in Committee was taken up on schedule A at the third line, whioh repealed part of clause 44 of the Act of 1893. •The clause limited the value of improvements to a sum not in excess of the value considered aolelym connection - with its worth to BB incoming .lessee as part of' the improvements necessary to the working of a run carrying 5,000 sheep in Class A, 10,000sheep in Class B, or 30,"00 sbeep in Class C, notwithstanding such :area may ' be portion only of the run an which • touch improvement was made. repeal was to omit all the words after " incoming 1 lessee." - Mr. Giles, who was the author Of the proviso to br^xoised, defended it,--beeanse in tbe event of nndne subdivision justicein wonld be inflicted upon tbe outgoing 'tenant. Mr. Hombnrg, who wanted to amend .tWtiiause, oomplained that he was prevented l»y tbe ingenious drafting of the Government by r» repealing schedule from doing eo exoept by a new clause, a very unusual and oompliaated proceeding. Sir John Downer, though he v regarded the repeal as inadequate, defended it on' the ground that without khe t proviso injustice might not be inflioted, bit" under the proviso injustice would be certain. ' The Commissioner considered that tbe interest of the deserving outgoing 'tenant would be safe in the hands of the Board.'' After a discussion of an hour and three-quarters tbe repeal was carried by a majority of 13. The minority oomprised the Labour party and Messrs. Caldwell, Gilbert, Riddoch, find Giles, whose appearance in strangeconipany oausedasmile. The next line m there pealingsohedule wias to omit reference to the Commissioner's sanction of improve- .pientsin clause' 64 Of the Act of 1893, whieh ttie Minster considered unnecessary now that 'thb Stats was not going to pay for improve- 'tnerits. ' "Mr.' MoPherson pointed out that the '.Government would have to pay for improve- 'iBBufai on resumed land. The Commissioner Applied k tbat only such improvements would .be paid ' for 'which the ' Board reported |were oeoeasary. The line was passed. The'next line, whioh abolished rent by assessment, was passed ; also line 6 and schedule B without discussion. Mr. Pcynton moved a new clause to prevent in the reoffering of tbe leases the reduotion in the price of improve ments until the land had been offered at '2s. fid. per square^, mile. Mr. Burgoyne proposed a modification of tbe clause, but after a long discussion tbe olause as amended was re jeoted at 5.10 by a majority of 6. Mr. Foster submitted a olause toallow tenants to abandon /improvements if they erected others of equal value, which, after being technically amended, , was adopted. At quarter to 6 Mr. Archibald ^proposed a clause to libit a lease of an 8-in. 'rainfallland to fourteen years, but the Commissioner saw a difficulty in keeping tbe reoorde, and the olause was withdrawn. .'Mr. Archibald then i tried his hand at a soientifio bans, for rent, whioh was suoh a .complete revolution that the Minister asked for breathing time. The rent was to rise and fall according to the price of-wool. Mr. Giles I reminded Mr. Archibald that he had opposed a reduotion uf rent to the 1888 lessees, though tbe price of wool had fallen nearly one-half. The olause was negatived. At 6.20 Mr. Homburg had his innings. His first amendment was to allow a lessee, part of whose run was resumed, to surrender the whole, so that he should not be forced to retain inferior oountry. The Commissioner oontended that the olause would enable a tenant in certain oases to get the value of improvements years before it was due, even where land had not been resumed. Mr. Homburg rose to question the Commissioner's reading of tho Act as the members left fcr tea. Immediately afterwards progress was reported; the Committee to sit again ta-night. In the belief that that might be the last opportunity to ventilate grievances, members spent three hours and a quarter on the motion to go into Supply. In the Standing Orders awaiting approval a check is provided against the abuse of privilege of talking on this motion, but it would take a speei&l; session to pass those ordors. The unprecedented proceeding last night is warrant for an amendment in the present rule. Mr. Ash and Mr. Cook wanted an appointment on the South-Eastern Land Board filled. Mr. Grainger asked for a Ministerial statement about the disputed boundary. Mr. Caldwell protested against legislating in the dark. Mr. MoDonald brought up the " main" question in connection with the Happy Valley Waterworks. Mr. Price revived the unemployed problem in gloomy colours, and the Hon. J. H. Howe echoed the sentiments of Mr. Ash, Mr. McDonald, and Mr. Grainger. Mr. Lacdseer also echoed. The Premier quoted Dr. Watts about little bird? that in their nests agree for the benefit of Mr. Solomon and Mr. Grainger, who lately appeared disposed towards strife. The Ministry would avoid unnecessary expenditure on the boundary dispute. (Mr. McPherson—" Oh.") The Government would not spend money merely to find work for the unemployed. He gave supplementary information as to the Happy Valley mains. Mr. MoPherson, supporting Mr. Solomon, said there was worse than nigger-driving going oa at Happy Valley Works. The Premier protested against unjust charge*. Let them be defined and enquiry would be made. The South- Eastera Land Board appointment would be made this month. Mr. Poynton urged upon the Government the necessity of findiug a publio works policy. Mr. Giles would rather give the disputed land to Viotoria-than go to law. He enauired about a defaulting railway servant. Mr. Solomon called up the ghosts of litigation in which tbe Government Buffered to warn members against proseouting a case against Victoria. Tbe Happy Valley Works would not be completed within 20 per cent, of the estimate. The Hon. A. Catt emphasized the neoessity for providing adequate mains from the Happy Valley reservoir. Water at 6d. per 1,000 gallons wonld pay the Government and the orchardist handsomely. Mr. MoPherion put in a plea for the reprieve of the South-Eastern Drainage Bill. He repeated that » system of tyranny was being practised at Happy Valley. Mr. Gilbert' thought that a Select Committee should investigate the charge. Mr. Archibald referred to the water supply at the Semaphore. Mr. Meule, Mr. Batohelor, Mr. Wood, Mr. Coneybser, and Mr. Bartlett filled np the time to 10.40. Mr. Bartlett's speech was oharaoteristie. He relapsed into slang. He "slaneed" the working man, abused the Government, travelled from Dan to Beersheba, and announced that he was sick of Parliament, for be could no longer do good in it. Incidentally Mr. Bartlett's buffoonery amused the House. To the Premier's intense relief Mr. Bartlett, after speaking half an hour, out his remarks short, and the Estimates were taken in hand. Consideration of the Estimates was renewed on the vote for Fire Brigades, tbe efficiency of whioh was generously testified to. Mr. Moule and Mr. Caldwell, however, disapproved of a concession of duty upon the new engine. After passing the item the Committee went on to the Crown Lands Department, and the first discussion was on date planting. Mr. Homburg urged that the plantationsshonld beproperlymaintained. For the National Park Curator Mr. McDonald asked that the residence of tbe nurserymen at Belair be handed over, but Mr. Price and the Commissioner objected to the abolition of the nursery. The rest of the items for the department was carried in about two minutes, so that full atonement was made for the loss of time. Progress was reported, and the Committee had leave to sit again the next day. The Rural Industries Bill having been introduced a massacre of the innocents took -plaoe, the South - Eastern Drainage, and the Wow Wow, and Koppermanna Railway Bills being read aad discharged. The House rose at 11.10. In the Legislative Counoil to-day hon. members will farther consider the advisableness of introducing coolie labour into the Northern Territory, and the Hon. E. Ward has a motion respecting the publication of Mr. Clement Wragge's weather foreoasts. In the Assembly there are seven notices of motion and twenty-one Orders of the Day. The evening kitting will be devoted to the Pastoral and Taxation Bills. 