Chapter IX.—AT THE ALBERT HALL. "Was I right?" said Max to his mother as they drove that afternoon from Bernard-street. "Is she what I described to you ?" "Yes," said Mrs. Hereford; "I don't think you said a word too much in her praise. If suocess does not spoil her, I think she will be a very noble woman. And I don't think it will spoil her, for she seems too large-hearted for petty vanity." " I wish she need nevor take up this hateful profession," said Max with a sigh. " Think of the mixed lot of people she will be forced to associate with—some of them no better than they should be." "You might say just the same of Miriam in her sooicty life," said his mother. "I don't see that it is more objectionable to sing with a bad man than to dance with him. The tares and the wheat are togother, and we have not the separating of them. Doreen seems to me the sort oi girl who would pass unscathed through the most difficult life, ' Mailed complete in her white innocence,' as Whitfcier puts it. By inno cence I don't mean ignorance, but a nature without guile—a nature that will neither harm nor be harmed." " Yet the fate of her nation seems to be upon her," said Max. " Think of the troubles that have from her very childhood persistently beset her 1 Do you remember the account she gave us of her father's arrest?" " Yes, poor child; and for all her brightness yon can easily see that the shock of her bereave ment has, in a sonse, ended her girlhood. Though so much younger than Miriam, she has already about her an almost motherly tender ness, which I doubt whether Miriam will ever gain." " You are always a little hard on Miriam," said Max, laughing. " Brit we should fare very ill without her. She is quite unique, you must admit, and, like Phyllis in the song, 'never fails to please.' " Mrs. Hereford did not reply, for, in truth, her niece was a sore perplexity to her, and she had for the last three years lived in terror lest Max should fait in ldve with her—a- possible- but highly undesirable ending to the cousinly friend- ■ Bhip and intimacy which had bo long existed between them. She ardently longed to see Miriam satisfactorily married and settled, but the girl seemed in no haste to comply with this wish. She flirted and amused herself, and used Max as a convenient cavulier serventV, when no one more desirable was to be had. It was, perhaps, natural that Mrs. Hereford in her terror of what this might lead to, and her desire to rescue her son from a position whioh chafed her motherly pride, should torn with relief to suoh a woman as Doreen O'Ryan. She had immediately learnt from her son's way of talking about the girl that he greatly admired her, and she was too unworldly and unconven tional to care in the feast for wealth or social standing. Doreen was good, loving, well bred, well educated. What did it matter that her father had been on the staff of a rebel paper, and had been imprisoned at the time of the Fenian rising? The important thing was that thi3 sweet-voiced, sweet-natured Irish girl would be far, far more likely to make Max a good wife than Miriam, with her restless craving for in cessant amusement and incessant admiration. She left the choice of seats for the concert to Max, and was secretly amused at his chagrin when be returned. " Nothing to be had in the stalls till the tenth row," he said. "However, it is the right side; so perhaps, after all, it is not so bad. Are (hare s»ry decent flowers in the conservatory that we *^$Ud send MiBS O'Qyan ?" of lilies of the valley, if they will W.kid Mrs. Hereford. " You had better let Hapftfqg arrange them for yon: she made two for Miriam the other night." ' But this did not suit Max at all. His mother .Jearntiftroru the maid that he had insisted on the flowers himself; and the result -seamed satisfactory, for, when on the eventful night they called for Doreen, the white lilies in her dark hair, skilfully arranged by Mrs. Much more's clever fingers, looked really charming. " The rest of them 1 have here," she said, throwing back her cloak and showing the lilies nestled against her snowy neqk. " And there is the real original ' Colleen Bawn' cloak," said Max. " Now I can imagine myself once more at Oastle Earey." ''Well, not exactly the original one," said Doreen, laughing. " That has been oat up for Mollie; you seem to forget that I have grown since we were in Ireland." Presently a silence fell upon them. Mrs. Hereford guessed that the girl was somewhat nervous, yet there were no signs of special ex oitement about her faoe when, now and then, it became clearly visible as the light from a street lamp flashed across it. "It is a noble face," thought Mrs. Hereford; and, in truth, that was the first impression that Doreen usually made upon people. Later on they would describe her as charming and winsome, but the first thought was invariably of a certain indefinable air of goodnees—a loftiness of soul which invested the face with a strange power. " This must be a great day for you," said Mrs. Hereford, guessing a little what was passing in the girl's mind. "Do you know," said Doreen, " it feels to me like my confirmation day, and I am so glad that what may be counted as my first real ap pearance in public is to be in the ' Messiah.1 How I havo dreamed of attempting it, and longed to try." " I suppose you do not come in just at first," said Max. " Doesn't the soprano always have an effective little entrance all to herself just before the pastoral symphony?" "Yes," said Doreen, "disturbing the first violin9 and making an unnecessary fuss. I don't mean to do that, but shall come in at the beginning with the otherß. It seems to me in better taste, especially for a novice." With a little shudder she saw that they were fast approaching their destination. There, upon one side, was the Albert Memorial; while, in advance, she oould see the lights in the great hall and the throng of oarriages. "There goes Madame St. Pierre!" she ex claimed as they paused while the brougham in advance of them set down its occupants. " That is fortunate. Now I oan go to the artistes' room under her wing." For a moment her hand rested in Max Here ford's as he helped her to alight; then, with hasty farewells, she ran up the steps, pushed open the swing door before he could forestall her, and hurried away in pursuit of the retreat ing contralto. Max, feeling baffled and an accountably miserable, returned to the carriage. "Stall3 entrance," he said sharply to the ooachman as he closed the door. " Well, she seems in good spirits," said Mrs. Hereford. "Itis a terrible ordeal for a girl of that age." "Yes," said Max grimly; "but her whole heart is in her work. She is in every sense of the word an artiste." " True artiste, yet true woman," said Mrs. Hereford quietly; and the words came back to Mat- comfortingly as he sat in tho vast hall listening to that somewhat stirring process of the tuning of a great orchestra, and watching the chorus as they assembled, yot never letting his eyes roam far from that particular little openiug whence he knew the solo singers would shortly emerge But first of all came the conductor with evi dent intention of making a speech ; a thrill of disapprobation ran through the assembly, for was not Cliuton Cleve, the great tenor, to sing that evening, and had he not, owing to hi3 ter ribly susceptible throat, a most trying habit of disappointing people at the last moment? There was perfect silence for a minute, and the conductor, to the general relief, announced that owing to the indisposition of Miss Latouche, the soprano solo3 had been undertaken at very short notice by Misg Doreen O'liyan. The people clapped, not because they cared at all for this unknown debutante, but because they were intensely relioved that it was the soprano and not tho tenor who had failed. In another minute thero was a burst of applause as tho basa appeared leading Mcdarrto St. Pierre, fol lowed by loud cheers a3 the beloved tenor, the idol of the pnblic, emerged from the back of the platform, graciously ushering in the white robed debutante, and making ber smile by a low-tonod injunction to remember the words spoken to Fanny Eemble, and to regard the audienoe as so many rows of cabbages. Fortunately for Doreen, the very size of the vast assembly was in her favour; the plaoe Beemed vague and dream-like, the huge gather ing just an impersonal mass gorgeously coloured like some brilliant and crowded liower garden. Then when Clinton Gleve had sung, as no other tenor could sing, "Comfort ye," and "Every valley," she no longer thought of sucoess or failure, of criticism, or of the children's daily bread, but lost everything in the perfeot enjoy ment of the musio, and in the strong desire to tell forth her divine message in the most perfeot manner possible. In the last chorus before her trying recitatives she Bang a few bars, gaining confidence as her voice blended with the others, and falling more and more into the spirit of the • oratorio as with her heart aud soul she sang of " The everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.1' All nervousness had now left her. It was Max who was nervous as he sat there in the stalls watching the absorbed Bweet faoe of the girl he loved. Had she indeed forgotten this great assembly of critical people ? It seemed like it, for she looked as happy and peaceful as though she had been listening to the angels' music on the far away quiet hillside near Beth lehem. And when the violins oeased she stood up with a simple, straightforward, almost child like air, her dear reedy voice sounding softly through the great hall as she told how "There were shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flocks by night." Max lost all fear for her as she delivered the message of the angel; he lost that shrinking from the thought of the solitary girl standing up in the huge building, for it was no longer possible to doubt that Doreen had found her true vocation. He wondered that he had wished it to be otherwise, so great a thing did it seem to him that she should be able to keep thousands spell-bound, to raise them if but for a time into snob divine enjoyment. It was not until the end of her most trying solo, "Rejoice greatly," a song whioh taxed her strength very severely, that she could reoeive any recognition from the audienoe; but then, just as she beoame con soious of her excessive exhaustion, there came a stimulating burst of applause. This was re newed so vigorously and persistently after "Come unto Him all ye that labour," that it beoame really necessary to repeat the song, and there were tears in many eyes as the exquisite air, all the better loved because so familiar to every one, fell once more upon the listening throng in that wooingly sweet voice. In the interval she realised that her career had begun most auspiciously, for every one spoke to her with the greatest kindness. Clinton Cleve laid a fatherly hand on her shoulder, genuine plea sure lighting up his rugged old face as he looked down at her. "You did very well, very well indeed," he said. "I like your style, and the timbre of your voice is sympathetic Would to heaven that I were at your age, with my career just beginning." He patted her cheek as though she had been a ohild, and turned away with a sigh, wandering off in searoh of a mirror that he might see whether his wig was woll adjusted. Doreen was next accosted by the conduotor, who at the rehearsal on the previous day had been some what brusque with her, but was now full of compliments and congratulations; and then Madame St. Pierre came up to introduce her husband, the well-known harpist. " We have a little project to suggest to you," she said. " Monsieur St. Pierre and I intend to get up a company this autumn for a provincial tour. Mr. Frecn tells me you have at present no engagements for the autumn, and I am qnito willing to accede to the terms he requires for you. Possibly wo may have Madame Gauthier, the pianiste, but there will be no other lady in the party, and you would find her rather a pleasant travelling companion. We hope to induce Ferrier, the celebrated bass, to be one of the party." Doreen could only thankfully accept a pro posal which would, as she well knew, do much to give her an assured position in the musical world; and when at length her work for that evening was over, and she found Max Hereford waiting outside the door to help her into the oarriage, her faoe was radiant. "My dear, how tired you must be," was Mrs. Hereford's motherly greoting as she made room for the girl beside her. " You have indeed given us a treat to-night." " They were all so kind to me afterwards," said Doreen. " And oh, it is a wonderful oratorio to sing in. I am so glad my first ap pearance was in that, for it is the Irish Oratorio yoa know." " How is that?" said Max. "Handel was very fond of the Irish," she replied, " and the ' Messiah' was first per formed in Dublin, and the proceeds were given te tho distressed prisoners' fund. Many of those who were in gaol for debt were really freed by it. I kept on thinking of that to- night; it was the performance, you know, when all the great ladies agreed to leave oft' their hoops that there might be more room." " What did it feel like to have that huge audience applauding yoa bo heartily?" said Max. "It felt lovely," she said with the utmost frankness. "As refreshing as ice-cream soda on a hot day in New York." They laughed at her simile, but a passing gas lamp revealed to her the same look on Max Hereford's face that had startled her when she spoke of Brian O3mond, the doctor, a few days before. " You said you grudged me to the aldermen, and I believe you had the same feeling to-night," she said, smiling. "And that is very unfair, since you yourself were among the audience. Or is it that you grndge me the applause ? That is even more unfair. You see the short-lived triumph, but you don't At all realise the years of study and preparation, the scales and the exercises and the monotony of hard work, to say nothing of the anxiety." Max wondered how she had discovered from his manner that vague discomfort which he could not at all justify. " Every ono must have realised to-night that you had found your vocation," he said; " and to-morrow I shall seize the .opportunity of laying trophies at your feet in the shape of the daily papers." " Ah! the critics 1 I bad forgotten they were there taking notes to-night. How I dread them ! It is horrible to think how much depends on a few lines in a paper. And if the writer happens to be in a bad temper or to have the toothache, ten to one he will visit his discomfort on others, and put in words of oarping criticism that may ruin a singer's reputation." " Somehow I don't think they will be hard on you," said Max. "If they are you must follow the example of Vaughan the novelist. I met him at the club the other day, and the talk happened to turn on a most ruffianly attack made upon him lately in tho Hour. Now I happened to know who had written it, and said so, 'Don't tell me his name,' said Vaughan, with that quietly humorous smile of his; 'I prefer to picture him aa a poor struggling penny-a- liner working in a garret, soured by laok of success, and desperately hungry. With the proceeds of that critique he went out and had a rattling good dinner, and upon my word I am glad to have furnished him with a meal.'" " Was the critic really poor and half starved?" said Doreen. "No, nothing of the sort; just a conceited young jackanapes fresh from Oxford, and much spoiled by the flattery of his home> circle; a fastidious narrow-minded prig who, if he lives to be a hundred, would never do as muoh for the world as Vaughan has already done." " And the moral of that is, < A fig for the critics,"' said Doreen, laughing; "but all the same, I shall want to see what they say, and I don't at all want to share the fate of Kingeley's 1 Feckless hairy oubit,' when ' The sauraon fry they all arose and made their meats of him.' " The talk turned upon the arrangements for sending the children to Firdale; and Doreen, tired but very happy, was set down in Bernard street, where every one but Hagar Muobinore had retired to bed. "Cold and hungry, ain't you?" said the kindly nurse. " Gome and sit you down by the fire, and eat this basin of mook turtle. 'Twill hearten you up nicely." Doreen, dreamily happy and content, took the proffered chair, and held out her dainty white-shod feet to the fire." "Please take the lilies out of my hair," she said; " I want to keep them. Ob, Hagar 1 it has been a wonderful evening. I wish it were just beginning over again, instead of all being over." "Bless your heart 1" Baid Hagar, almost tenderly; " you're young—yes, very young." But it was not the applause, or the sense of triumph, or even the recollection of the musio whioh lingered in Doreen's memory so de liciously; it was the close pressure of Max Hereford's hand as he bade her farewell on the doorstep, and the glanoe which had Baid so plainly, " I belong to you and you to me." All nightlong she seemed to dream of him, and it was with no surprise that soon after 12 the next morning, as she was practising in the drawing room, she heard his name announoed. He came in, looking unusually blithe and contented, some half-dozen newspapers in his hand. "Here are the trophies," he said, when she bad replied to his inquiries, and had persuaded him that she was none the worse for the fatigue of the previous night. "Oh yes; you need not be afraid. You oan read them without oalling up that picture of the hungry scribe in the attic, for they are one and all agreed about you." " And prophesy the great career, no doubt," Baid Doreen, laughing merrily as 6he glanced through the critiques. "Well, they are very kind to me—quite wonderfully kind. Stun praise makes one inclined to quote Dr. Watts and sing, 'Not more than others I deserve.' And yet, do you know, last night, when it was all over and I went up to look at the children in bed and found them sleeping so peacefully, and was so happy to know that their education and bringing up was now quite safe, I oouldn't help feeling that I should be very, very 'sorry if Mollie or Bride had to be professional singers. I don't think I could bear to think of it for them." "Now you understand me," said Max triumphantly; " now you realise that grudging feeling of whioh you aooused me." " But to be a singer is my vocation," Baid Doreen musingly. "I am aa certain of that as that we are talking together at this moment. I couldn't be a painter, or a governess, or a do nothing sort of person, or a nun. Even before the Castle Karey days I knew quite well that I had to be a singer." . ' " Yet you own that you would not wish one you love to take up the work ?" "If it were their vocation they would be obliged to take it up, but I hope it will not be their special work. I would so much rather they could just be quietly at home." " Why ?" he asked. " Because I see now that the life of any artiste rnjiftkhea double life, and that it must be ve^y\A'eJ|Mlp^ult to make both the lives what the/i^6)rfa-4^yibiB bad enough to face it for on/sjgpy and a {*isfe£aeal worse to think 6f my STOfifcijloUta- having to pjay so hard a part." ' l@jßoonWd.about.to speak, but something in hisliooB; manlier hurrieily proceed as though she\wje"re.anxTovs to oheik him. "But if is ungrateful, to spw& thos j>f the life, when all the thne/'X know there, f^ill be much that is enjoyante'abdut it, and that it is my clear duty to live i»* Aud now^B to the children's journey to Firdale. -Finn the worst hand in the world at Bradshaw, but- auntie assures me that the 2.45 is the best train, and that they won't have any change." Max found himself remorselessly plunged into tho dreary discussion of practical details, and knew that it would now be impossible to say what had been trembling on his lips but a minute ago. However, he consoled himself by the remembrance that Doreen would soon be at Firdale herself, and that it would be hard indeed if the fir woods, the lake, or tho ivy grown ruins of the priory would not afford him place and opportunity to open his heart to her. CnATTEn X.—Monkton Yerney's Doom. Mis3 Latouche remained obligingly ill for tut next fortnight, and Doreen was fortunate enough to be asked to Luke three of her engage ments in the provinoes. Nothing, however, chanoed to interfere with her visit to Firdale, and Mrs. Hereford arranged to call for her in the carriage and take her to the Btation, for she was one of those people who, although rich themselves, have enough imagination to under stand how to be really helpful to those who have to think of every sixpence. Her visitors were always made to understand that no gratuities must be given to her servants, and the servants themselves (who were amply com pensated in other ways by their mistress) would no more have aocepted a fee than an attendant in a well- ordered theatre or a waitress in an aerated bread shop. In this way it was possible to make Monkton Verney the greatest boon to many who were sorely in need of a change, yet had little enough to live upon. Doreen wa3 just sufficiently tired to enjoy most thoroughly the prospeot of a rest, and though she was far from being self-indulgent, and was quite content with the simplest style of living, she was nevertheless conscious of keen enjoyment as she lay back in the luxurious carriage, and still more vrhon at the Btation she found everything beautifully arranged for her. It was delightful to be waited upon, by Max Hereford ; it was pleasant to have no anxiety about luggage or recalcitrant porters, or grasping cabmen; it was restful, too, to be tuoked up oosily in the corner seat of a first-olasß carriage, instead of skirmishing lor oneself in a orowded third-clas3 compart ment ; and, above all, it was a treat not to be alone, but to have companions who at every tarn seemed to oonsider her comfort. She made them laugh with her merry account of her three journeys into the provinces. " Aunt Garth did not half like my going alone," she said, " and persuaded me at Exeter to go to a very small, quiet, old- fashioned hotel, thinking it would be nicer for me. But nothing oould have been worse. It was so very quiet that there was only one other visitor. I came down rather early to dinner, and thought that at such an hour I should probably dine alone. But at the long table were two plaoes laid, and soarcely had the soup been removed when in stalked a solemn, black-bearded Frenchman. He spoke no word, but sat down opposite me, tucked his table napkin into hi3 collar, felt in his waistcoat pooket and drew out a pillbox, from which he produoed two huge black pills as big as the top of my thumb—they truly were quite as big! Whether he saw me shaking with suppressed laughter I don't know; we simultaneously grasped the water caraffe, he ' withdrew his hand, I poured out a tumberful and gulped down my mirth as well as I could ; he followed my example, and with frightful agility swallowed his pills. After that ex perience I don't think I shall venture on small hotels again!" The first sight that greeted them on the Firdale platform was Michael's eager little face, which lighted up till it positively shone as he caught sight of Doreen. " The coach man let me drive part of the way to the Btation," he said gleefully. "He 13 the jollicst man you ever saw; and oh! there are such heaps of things to show you. Mollie wanted to come, too, but we thought she'd better not, because I shall have to be inside going back, as the what you call it—the waiter—no, I mean the footman from London will be on the box." Michael's unfailing tongue chattered the whole way to Monkton Verney, and his pride in pointing out to Doreen every possible point of interest greatly amused Mrs Hereford. "Why, Michael, I think you must b3 in tended for a newspaper correspondent," said Max, greatly taken with the bright-eyed boy. 41 Nothing seoms to escape you." " Oh, I don't want to write," said Michael. 41 It's Dermot that means to go in for that. I do so want to be an engineer." " Yes, indeed; I counted it a great proof of your affeotion that you were looking out for me when-our train oame in, and not studying the engine," said Doreen, laughing. " Engines are bis latest hobby; he will read the driest books about them, and rattle of! the names of their component parts in a way that make3 my brain reel." "But you like them yourself," said Michael, wistfully. "Why, yes, ashtore, ol course I do; I like anything that you like, and will never forget to to tell you the name and the sort and the colour of every engine I travel by." "It will be a great help to you if both boys have some marked inclination to guide you in their education," said Mrs. Hereford. " You had better talk to the Worthingtons, who are coming to stay with us to-morrow. Sir Henry Worthington is a great railway director, and would be able to give you plenty of advica as to Michael's future." " You will like the Wovthingtons," said Max. "They are the most delightful people, and Lady Worthington is Irish. We must keep off politics, though, for they are of the opposite party. Have you heard yet, mother, when Uncle Hereford comes?" " He says he will ride over from the camp to-morrow afternoon. His portmanteau mast be brought from the station with the Worthing tons'. things. Kow, Doreen, this is the be ginning of Monkton Verney, and we Bhall soon be home. lam sure you must be longing for afternoon tea." "And for the children," said Max with a glance at her eager eyes. " Yes," she said, smiling; " what a paradise it has been for them!" The road skirted the park, of whioh glimpses could now and then be seen through a thick wild wood which bordered it. On the other side lay peaceful green meadows, a narrow, winding river, and the woods of a neighbouring estate not yet in leaf, but with those varying hues of early spring whioh are almost more beautiful than the following stage. Presently they came to a place where four ways met. A steep sandy road led upwards among stately fir grovos, and Max drew her attention to it. " That is the way we shall take you to Rooksbury," be said. ♦' And there is the water-mill that I sketched (or you in my letter," Baid Michael. " And here we are at home," said Mrs. Here ford as the carriage turned in at the pretty gateway near the mill. But Doreen had hardly a glance to spare for the solid, well-built, slightly prosaic mansion; Bhe only saw two little figures danoing about on the steps, and in another minute Dermot and Mollie had Hung themselves upon her. " And if you olioke ma with the four arra3 of you round my throat, what will become of U3 all then ?" sho said, gaily carrying off Mollie to greet Mrs. Hereford, her heart full of joy at the sight of the bonny little face so dear to her. The country air had brought the colour baok to all the pale faoes; and Mrs. Muchmore, established in a large airy nursery, was full of pride in the well-being of her small charges. "Hagar Muchmorois really the moat wonder ful woman," said Doreen, as she rejoined Mrs. Hereford in the drawing-room; " she has the art of making herself at home everywhere; she does not seem cramped in a orowded little cabin, or in dreary lodgings, and yet she does not look out of her element in that beautiful nursery of yours, where a dozen children would have room and to spare." "Ah, my dear, I often wished I had the dozen to fill it," said Mm. Hereford. "It used to look gaunt and bare somehow when there was only Mas to tenant it. As often as wo oould we had Miriam with us, but being both only children, they quarrelled a good deal, and it was not always a successful experiment. The servants had nothing but praise for your four little ones—never were such children, according to ray housekeeper." " Well, I think they are all pretty good hands amusing themselves," said Do'eon. " I was a little bit afraid that Hagar Muohmore, with her brusque, independent ways and republican f rauKiiess, migut not get on very well; but she seems to have made friends all round, and look3 as happy as a queen. Perhaps her intense veneration for the first real ruin she has ever seen was in her favour. The ruins and the ivy seem quite to have taken her breath away. You see we can't supply old priories in America, and ivy does not grow there." When they had had tea Max proposed that she should come out and see the priory, and together they crossed the smooth well- kept lawn, and, skirting the side of the little lake, passed through the shrubbary to the park beyond, where in the soft sunset light stood the gray old ruin, with its air of peaceful decay, its forlorn roofless walls, its graceful arches and fragments of delicate tracery. Sheep wero pcmcafully grazing within the dismantled choir, and birds flew homeward to ihiit nests .in tua ibiok ivy whioh clustered about the pillars. "I don't think you are so enthusiastic as Mrs. Muchmore," said Max, looking into her faoe, which had grown sad and wistful. "lluinsare somehow depressing," she said. "Do >ou remember the ruined abbey near Castle Karey ? I never could understand how your cousin oould spend whole days in painting it. On?, can't help thinking of the builders, and how all their hopes and efforts are at an end; failure seems written over the whole place in spite of its loveliness." " It shelters sheep still, though not the two legged one3 it wa3 intended for," said Max, smiling. " Yes; but it is much too good for mere animals," said Doreen. "What would you do with it if it were yours ?" he said. " Some people think I ought to restore it, but I am not going to be such a fool as to plant a huu;c church in a place where there is not even a village.'' "I think," she said musingly, "I should turn it into almhouses for old people, or into a convalescent home for Londoners. You oould use the ohoir for the chapel. It would parhap3 spoil your view a little from the house, but the building could be low, and need not be un sightly." " I wonder what my heir would say to it," said Max. " However, I need not trouble much about that thought, for the property will certainly never come to him.". 41 Why not? Is it only youi'3 for your life time?" •'lt is a curious thing," he said, "but this property never remains in the same family long. It may pass from father to son, but the grandson has never been known to succeed. I am told it is the oa3e with all esUtes that were once church property, and there is a book containing many instances of the kind. I would not like to say that I altogether believe in the legend, and yet it certainly seoms some thing moro than a mere coincidence." Doreen shivered a little. At heart she was superstitious, and thi3 idea appealed to her Keltic imagination. •'How did it come into your possession?" she asked. " The estate wa3 in the market. My father bought it, but died only a year after the pur chase. Do you see that old crone over there picking up sticks?—she told me as a child all manner of legends about the former owners. Bhe is rather a character ; I should like you to see her." They walked on towards a plantation, where a skinny old woman was slowly tying up her bundle of firewood with many" muttered ejaculations. " She looks like a witch," said Doreen. •'As children we used to call her Goody Grope, after the old woman in Miss Edgworth's story, and the name has stuck to her ever since. But she is a worthy old body, and full of humour when you get her in the right mood. Good evening, Goody! how are you?" he exclaimed, as the old woman looked up and caught sight of them. " This lady comes from Ireland, and she want? to hear all the stories about Monkton Verney—all that you used to tell us long ago ; don't you remember?" •'Glad to see you home again, sir," said Goody, curtseying to them both. " The lady, I take it, is of kin to the pretty little lass I saw up at the house last week." «I am her sister," said Doreen, with her U3ual happy pride in claiming kinship with Mollie. Have you been telling your delightful tales to the children, I wonder? There's nothing they would like half so well. They are just crazy about stories" "Bless their little hearts," said Goody, " There's many a tale I could tell them." "But don't you go tolling them about the ghost, Goody ! I don't allow that ghost to be talked about. He's part of my property, and now that I'm of age I'll manage him myself. You'll be soaring the ohildron if you tell them the priory is haunted. Many'6 the time, a9 a child, that I've made myself go shivering to the window, ashamed to lie quaking in bed, and have looked oat at the ruina to see if he was really there." "And did you ever see it?" said Doreen, who, like Minna Troll, did not believe in ghosts, but was, nevertheless, afraid of them. " Never," he said, with a mischievous glance; "but Goody has often seen him—you ask her." " What is it like, and where did you see it ?" asked Doreen, with- an interest that charmed Goody. " Thrioe have I seen it, but never again will I run the risk, for afterwards it makes a body feel badly for weeks to come," said the old woman. " Drains all the strength out of you, that it does." "Is it, then, so dreadful to look at?" " No," said the old woman musingly. " It's not that it is altogether horrible to see, but it's unoanny to look up all at once as you are cross ing the park on a moonlight night, and think ing of nothing in particular, to be taken right baok into the past—to see a figure kneeling theiM in the ruins in the old-time dress—a wide ruffle about the throat of him, and a little beard cut in a point, and a cloak oast about his shoulders. You can see his picture in Monkton Verney Hall now, and the ghost is as like the picture as evgs is like eggs." "Is be inside the priory or outside?" "Well, I reckon it is where it would have been the inside, but the outer wall being all down you can see him plain enough as you cross the park. He kneels there prayin' and prayin' to be forgiven. Many's the night I've heard his pitiful cries, fit to mako your blood run oold." " A banshee is it?" said Doreen. " Does he foretell misfortune?" "Owls," whispered Max. "I have often seen them, and heard them too." " Oh, yes," said Goody, not heeding the murmur of the Sadducee who owned the ruin. "Doublle33 he foretells misfortune. There's always misfortune to them as owns this pro perty." "Now, Goody, put it mildly," said Max, laughing, " you know there are exceptions to prove every rule. You always admitted that I might be the happy exception. And if yon make out such a black case against Monkton Verney you will ba frightening my guest away the very day she has come." 111 always had hopes of you, sir," said Goody, looking into his blithe, cheerful face. "If ever there was one fit to reverse the ill-forluno of the placo, why then it's you. But the place has seen many a Bad tale. There was Lord Eoyle, who got it first in King Henry's time and turned out the prior and spoiled the church; that's tbe one that walks," she added with a glance at Doreen ; "he lived to be an old man, and saw ever; one of his children como to a bad end. Then there was Sir Pere grine Blount in King Charles's days; his only son was killed in battle. Next the Lspines had the place, and all went well for a time, and there was two bonny lads born to them, but the heir and his brother they both fell in love with the same lady, and they fought a duel together, and one was killed and the other was hung for his murder. Then the Wintonn bought the place and did well for a bit till the South Soa Babble burst, I don't rightly know where, but it ruined them somehow, and the place was in the market again till the Chorleya took it, and they did well and were good to the poor, and the fathor saw no ill in his time nor the son in his, and man thought the doom was at an end; but when the grandson came into tho estate men saw that the delay had only made tha doom nil the worse; soah trouble there had never bean before. From being a pleasant-enough boy, young Mr. Caorley grew into the wildest and wickedest man that Monkton Yerney had ever known for it3 owner. He wont to the bad, and there were shocking doings I've heard ray mother say. And one night, when there was a great party of them in the house, drinking and gambling, sudden destruction came upon them. The master was taken ill, and the next day two of the guc3ts were stricken down. The rest fled, but before the week was out Squire Ghorley was carried to the churchyard. After that, the house stood empty many years until Squire Hereford bought it. There's a doom on the place, as sure as we stand here, though nowa days folk laugh as such things. They can't get over facts, and it's my hope that tho Squire here will be warned in time and give back to tho Almighty what is His by right." "For my part," said Max smiling, " I think it's uncommonly hard that I should be madfeto suffer for the sins of Lord Boyle, which took place in 15.1G. The place was bought with money, which my father had honourably earned as a oivil engineer, and why can't you let me enjoy it in peace, Goody?" The old woman shook her head. " There'll never be peace in Monkton Yerney," Bhe said. " Not lasting peace." " The same might be said of most houses in the World," said Max, entirely unconvinced. " Show mo the family that in three generations contrives to escape great and grievous troubles, and I will believe your legend." "Have ye heard the doom, miss?" asked Goody, turning to Doreen for sympathy, and scanning her Keltic face with a keen but appre ciative glance. " Oh, is there really some rhyme about it ?" asked Doreen eagerly. "Some beautiful doggerel, bat it sounds im pressive when Goody says it, speoially in the twilight," said Max with a mischievous twinkle of fun in his eyes. "The rhyme wa3 found, miss, in the old church register, written in the margin by the entry of Lord Royle'3 burial," said Goody; and in slow, measured accents she repeated solemnly the following doom ;-^ Gained by franS, No good shall come; Nono shall find A lasting home. \- Paace shall ne'er Hi hero again Till the land Is freed from Rtain. This is Moukton Vernoy's doom ; Loid, let Thy blessed kingdom come ( There was a minute's silence, then the old woman picked up her bundle of firewood. "'Tis getting late, sir, and the lady will be taking oold," she said; "I wish ye both good evening." They bade her a kindly farewell, and thanked her for the story. •• Lady Worthington will be here to-morrow, and she will be coming to Bee you for certain, Goody," 6aid Max; "she loves nothing better than to hear you tell of the gho3t." They turned away and crossed the park to the shrubbery, the old orone pausing more than once to look after them. " Yon's a bonny-looking lady," she said to herself. "And there's that in her face that might likely enough reverse the doom. It would be a fine thing if she was indeed to bring peace to Monkton Verney and lay the ghost. The squire be do seem took with her, but he be young and a bit headstrong, and with a temper that ill brooks contradicting; and I reckon the lady herself is a trifle too much of the same sort of temper—holds her head like a queen, she does!" " Isn't she a funny old soul?" said Max, as they walked briskly home; " I like to see her solemn dark eyes grow bigger as she says that wretohed bit of doggerel, whioh to her is more beautiful, I am sure, than any poem in the world." "There was something quite uncannily prophetic about her whole air as she said it," replied Doreen, smiling. "And yet you know there is truth in the words— Oained by fraud, No good can come. Why, really, the whole rhyme might be applied to the way in whioh the Act of Union was gained. It's a sort of Home Bute song, and I couldn't help thinking, as she said it, how you English cheated and tricked us out of our Parliament." " Now here i3 fresh light on the problem," said Max, laughing. " Lady Worthington and her sister are for ever telling me to restore the church, and I tell them I will wait till the congregation is ready for it. You think that, by turning Home lluler, I shall set right this ancient wrong." "No, not this one; this is yoar own private affair, and the other a national matter. I only compared one with the other." " Ah, yes, it was to be almshouses, or a convalescent home. But I don't really think it's fair that I should Buffer and try to make amends for somebody else's wrong-doing." Doreen turned and looked at him for a moment with puzzled eyes. " Why," sho said, "I thought that was exactly what we had all promisod to do. Isn't that following Christ?' She had the usual Irish habit of speaking with the utmost frankness of spiritual things; in her voice there was no slightest ohange, no conventional tone of piety; there was to her no borderland between sacred and secular, and the effect was strange enough to startle an Englishman. Some would have deemed the tone irreverent, but to Max, after the first shook of surprise, it seemed like the unaffeutod sincerity of a child, and back into his mind there flashed a remembranoe of a mountain side and of a little figure in a red cloak, and of a sweet-toned voice ending the graphic description of a night of terror with the words, "Afterwards God talked to me, and it was better." " Do you recolleot that morning on Kilrourk," he said, "when you began to make plans for the future, and fired me with the ambition of being a publio speaker? You seem to have the gift of inspiring people with ideals. Your scheme is certainly more practical than Lady Worthington's; it even begins to make me feel a little uncomfortable." " Why uncomfortable ?" " Uncomfortable as one feels in the morning when the bell rings, and you know that beforo long you must get up, just when you long to lie lazing." "You are not very complimentary," said Doreen, laughing. "Never before have I been compared to anything so disagreeable as a dressing-bell." Then, as they paused to close the gate leading into the shrubbery, she glanced once more at the gray old priory. "Do you know," she exclaimed, " when old Goody was saying that misfortune always followed the owner of Monkton Verney, I couldn't help wondering whether that had anything to do with your ill luck in being present that day on Lough Loe and witnessing the struggle between Mr. Desmond and " •She broke off suddenly with an involuntary x start, for at that moment, as they turned a sharp angle in the path hedged in by closely clipped shrub3, they came suddenly upon Bap tiste, the French servant. " Mr. Stanley has called to know if he caa speak to you, sir," said the man, speaking as usual in his native tongue, for he had proved Eingularly slow in acquiring English, and still protested that he could not understand it unless spoken very slowly. "It is the manager of our coffee tavern," said Max. " What a plaguo the fellow is to come just now. I suppose I must go and see him, and perhaps you have had as much walking as you care for?" "Do you think," said Doreen, with a feeling of vague discomfort, " that Baptiste can have heard what I was talking about? We cams upon him so suddenly, when I never dreamt any one was there." " Oh, I don't think he oould possibly make anything out of such a fragment as that, even if he heard the words; and as a matter of fact I don't suppose he did hear, for he is a regular duffer at learning English, and know3 little more than when he first oame to us; we should not have kept him, only he is such a handy fellow, and always gets on with people." " It wa3 careless of me to speak about it at all," said Doreen; " but X made sure wo wen quite alone, and it is Eoinehow suob a relief to be able to speak of it now and then." At that moment Miohael oaught sight of her, and came running across the lawn ; while Max, very loth to attend to business, went in to interview the manager of the coffee tavern. Baptiste in the meantime had retired to his room in the servants' wing, and, unlocking a desk, had drawn forth a shabby little note book. Bitting down by the window to catch the fading light, he mado the following entry in French:— "To-day, the 18th April, being five years and eight months from the time of Mr. Foxell's disappearance, I travelled down from London to Monkton Verney with my master, Mrs. Hereford, and a young Irish lady, Miss Doreen O'ltyan, now becoming noted as a public singer. Heard much talk about this lady's childhood, 6he being the daughter of one conocrned in the Fenian rising some years ago. She was also staying near Castle Karey at the time of Mr. Foxell's death, and accom panied my master and Mr. Desmond, on the 18th August, on an expedition to Lough Lee, as before mentioned in my journal. Taking a message to my master late this afternoon, I beard him closing tho shrubbery gate, and paused behind a biuh in hopes of overhearing their talk. Was fortunate enough to hear Miss O'Byan use tho following noteworthy words :—• Your ill luok in being present that day at Lough Loe, and witnessing the struggle between Mr. Desmond and —-—' " Compared with Mr. Desmond's word's let fall during delirium, I am in hopes that at length we have the clue." [to be continued.] 