AN7 AUSTRALIAN STORY: \- lcorriolrT.J WHO IS HE? 4 on The Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF TIem Natural & Supernatural, Bfly t?d BNThIE I.,rILTOY J, D., F.R.O.8. COIAPTER IX. ALIOE OARTOi'S 0MA00IAE0. - So the evo of my wedding- dayarrived, nand I sought my own dear haunt by the river where so omany maiden hours had boon passed in childhood dolight in thoe more fact of liv. S o'in? 'sought this time with a sore and re hellions heart. I sat ganing at the swift flowing river -thinking how clear and calm the depths lookeod, and how swoot n rest I should flud there were it not for the pain it would cause my doarust mother, also faintly the senso of wrong with which one regards thoe wrnching aside the awful veil of the future life. ' No, no, I thought, I am young and etrong ; other womoen lhave bornen, I will ,bear; other womo n lhavo c'olnqnrrad, I will conquer. AhU, pserhanceo tho 3ligihty Creatlor will uso e o as no instrumont to soften his onture anid to curl and save this evil maen. Tfruly that will bo someothing to live for- sointhing to wailt and hope for. Mfother says happiness is not tho ela of life, nor is it given to the greatest, tho purest, or tlh holiest lto have lid a happy life. WhVlat ins I that I should doemnd it? I will bo bravo aud take what has bicon forced on mEd in the host way Icau;, and God will help ate. ]hBut, oh it iH hard not to haveo o scrap of love oven to begin withl; and wopunnly teons bogan to flow .vhon "Alice, Alico I" called out my future owners, and forthwith smy inired place was invaded to sly cunsternation. l..- ,eul oevidently- boui drilking, but not sullfliieltly to, rib off all the vonor r witll whilch hle had overlaid his real character dur ing the psot three weeks. lie iiipolnueolced -lquiotly and attempted to throew Is orms about mny waist, but I eluded the famliiriiy. ".lice, dear," sa:id lie, "to-morrow will soo the conommslllltltison of our IIhat)piuesHs. )0o you anticipato It ats I do, I wondue. Of coursen youl klnow I ill no t a aint; blit, Iat aniy rateo, there areo ssinecrs Its had ts I ntn." I replied oas hiully as I could thalt there weore ploenty of miell wiho could unhardly be .r garded ats snints, though I had iiad very little experience of osns oeilther saintos or silltlers. This rather tlickled his fancy, and he told ,meo with a laugh, tllat hlis xperienlu of the other sox waits I little more oxtensivo thau Illso was of thiss. SIhavoe no doubt," hu coilliudl,- that ,you-and I shall jog along as comfortably an ,otlher married folk. WYo shall both have to give and take, hut if you don'tlook too losenly at my faults-I suipposo I have them like other puoplo-I'll promlso not to ]lhnt oit iyours. Taking'ovorything into necocn ? tit e "i. sonsitlo way to coumence imarried life. I don't think I hlve gained what people tals so muoh about-your woiman'ss hlourt-but, at ,all ovents, I stl sure of your woman's fidelity. Is there no Chance of glaining anlythi g mIOre than thlat, Alice doar?" he whispered, and again attempted to comle closer to mlo. What wlit it thalt hold Ie back then t Perhaps it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was a pity that I was hold backl P l rhllps-but on. Thero was e o response in my heoart to his stoft; hlinapored words, and I had notloarned to be a, hypocrite. - I was silent. - The man tshen showed his real lcharantor. lie got up front wheror ie ihad thrown him self by my side, and, with a courso laugh, nsaid: "All right, my boundi wife, thalt is to be; my inmnigs will come sean time or or other. Now, I will leave you to your reverico." Hadn I done right? tlint 'was the quontion. I 1had seriously dobatled whether aLt the loot Illolsllst I should not defy consoqluenoon and refuse to. sacrifice myself. Noow, I halid thsroswn down the glove perhaps prematuroly. it wns ia diffloult posilion for a young anid iitoxperienced girl, and I thought sisyoclf aini geseriotis Wai"Vst of gotrisirity, I think, is not a failing of minoc, and the? fueling that I had treated badly the manu who had ia right, lperhaps, to expe?t some returIn to his aid vanlces, did iluch to reconoile mo to the ordeal of the morrow. I reotnitod a long tihno alono with sity ownl thoughts after hle Ihid gone. The troiblos of my pnas life-short in1 it wnt-.-o 'melod onl sny memolnry, but the future hand little of pro. misc. 'VIas it alwca's to be like tlhisP Was life Iiothlg ibut it cweairisoneo change front bad to worsoP. Whore were the recom pene?so? ' ' It was it wearied womallnl, no longer a light heortled girl, wlio retleacod wearsy slopsn to liso Ihosllse lthat nlighlt, bviig biurleld all tllohe girllsh hlolpsO and longings in at pgavo by the rivers ,the river, siy childlsh play.uniite, niy girl honds' frlonld-theo laughling, smiling river. SManly snd day o'er I saw lily river again, and how chanlged thenli s ws I froin the girl who said it and fiarowell on )her wedding o-el lYet all tlhrougl the river flowed on aind on un elssnged. Not to lilnger over this wronecllig asldier of lidmi ties, the fateful day csaw Iso eh-,ifer sof Georgeo Barlonl, bilt ipsle, ioulrtlite-shkii, atill bravo for ily oWnli niis(lecr'ts alo, She, deair soul, is nilver prey and duIilnty lace, loukinig fragilu and sull, anid liy grim fithlerc ,wtli Iise bluslterisg -ways sidl oud voico-- . "Now tllile, AgsCe, sno whiihnperlisig. lirs. uirtos?n wte?l tOlllOthsnlSg to ell, so leiad theo sn y with tle parsonl anitid the jolly yollllg people canu follow whlslat:I lirhlsg ipi the rolsr, ci, pisIonI P Ikloow yoII're hIls.rJy-7Ioolk it soor devil. E-Ehlwlat Il dutn't iknow the devil I Woll, isy dear er, I dsn; suet hini in Isdis whero hle toolk tile sllils if Noiia Sahsil lild d sllllOllreed isu brilleltlOe anshd Ishie ] yn?ih ]y Joio, it's a flot, ahir. saw 11sis hi]s siynslf-"li fault was drliklhng brait;dy , S Io matlide on ill ts usIell al soverboarlI tylo li groat good hliisor sit I hlsivig gaislcd hils poliut, for cwe were to livo for a thiI slt reasnt o0 inl NotiteO ]le liad secolnly purhiaselod 'in Aksres. We ceeoollsVo r to lniboursnr fIr a nionltli, lid roturnsd lto take slly siotliser wills Oi1 for i viilt to Noew Ecsli,,d. IT'lho slx siostolsl tlitl followed were ildooleed delighltfulll 5iR sliy drlihhrlg sisotiher renisihised theo wholo of hnt h thnio qulotly wiih ilno ih lorsoly Akahmn Isforo sliy Ililile' sulsi Jnl to re Icaill lher hIlnio iin ulChi is loresmllstorY ltylo tilst tlhro Wniio so ehulllg the celsllllsssld. L Jsolig Isfelire this Unlorgei hsld thlown l Iuldlo the slight reser'vs tisist lIs ussleeis-lld dinsllsig ll sll rset sllisslisthe of olr miIssrr-si-l lilfe IIIl showed ioire o(f ithist Icrscklessm isreliars ioll i df iiilli evi.ryo-isisle Vo hlihlsclf l hut ifleissIsedo rsIs'iiil Int oisly soir 'iinirrse Ieii' life tillst a5!5 vry lhisi'ne of isl 05t. life llsl; Iin slhoportisg siwllls ny sisothrc' sen i?5 hissssnesusslqsoO full isi biil-h,-rissse t f h ier, for this aiosolute kniiowslelgl mtihie' left th o oliO dilenrcs ot , irti llto hir ii lhs 'nro ref ai llilla who regslirdsed all wislselln sic merely tbo elilviosh crsaturcs crcnled for thle . . ....... . . . ' The day before mother ruooivol the lotto from father, as woraturnod from a sail in tsIe harbor, (Georgo had purchasoed a yacht the first thing after we catoM to our own home) and were walking quickly over the lawn in front of the drawing-room windows, a dark, swarthy man paerod out of the lilac baobshes on my right hand, and, walking or rather gliding swiftly up to my mother, said : "liar husband, madam, requires you." " ow P" said ohe in astonishment. "I know," he replied, with a silng lar smile. "I know, as I know nmany things-and more-I know that he will shortly moot his fate. Should I toll you? A dreadful fato it wiil be,but he brought it on himself. It is Karma, and that no one can avoid. Just as the tiny stone thrown into the immensity of the ocean sends a thrill throughout all its moasureless volumo, act. Ing on every land, and perhaps re-acting throughout the whole univmso ; so our every notion, however trivial we may suppose It to bo, has its defined eonsequences and reosults. His nts, yeou know, have not been those the consequenones of which he could anticipate withoat apprehenslon." " What do you menu P" said poor mother, with mingled fear and pirplexity. But ho was oilont-only the same smile ro inained on his calm, unmoved face. "~Itn, man I Who ara you I" I cried, "daring to trrify one so frail nas my mother. You eannot 'lnow. We do not live in the days of prophesy and witlcheraftl" "Naly,. fair lily, nuot so fast; you have yourself the gift of prophesy, theo gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witolmcs I shall bestow on you if you will. I have the power; and more; than that look steadfalstly at me till I leave you." So s:ying he waved his hands twice over lily hanild and I became rigid and intent, wloen, marvellous to state, I saw only a cloutd of whito vapor, whio anomeld slowly to glide before this dread man, with hils pier.ingigyes, and when in a few seconds it hlad cleared away, he, too, lhad disappe1ared although ill aIround ts was bright suanlight and tihe smooth oxp:uiso of the lawn which nlo one could cross withoutboig soon bIy both of its. So we starad into each other's faces, half dead with fear; the ail' was suddenly filled with the soaud of laughter, and i voice firn beside us exolaimod " )nughter of earth, the Indian holds many i erels in his lroeast, the result of imany lives ; iand the o'nsml body is not its the earthily body. Scalk for yourself the knowledge of which l.speak." - Floainter inid fainiter the concluding sen tclmes, and'in it few linutes nall was still. Too terrifieod to speak, we grasped hands and fled througlh the drawing-room window. "I Ullo 1" said GOorgo from whermo he was lying stretclled full legth oll the sofa. "ldlo, what the - dece is up low? 'You women look ais if you'd soon La:dy Ilaboeth's own special ghost." "Oh, GOorgo, sutch a dreadful man in tihe garden-caln I?dia-it-and I believe ho's the same lwho calno to our lhouse in T?'lslania the yeaorpoor Will ran off to.3IMlbourne;" I'and tlhoralpoaL began at duct between my mother and me as we tried to relate the wonderful thing to George. IIa smit ilp 111d said : "Phow I By Jingo, the sameno old card who told. me I. should soon be his, though how I cannot say, Certainly lieo's ai ram specimen -ugh I (looking. ronnd) I feel asno if the beggar wits heore inow." A soft slgh front the corner by the piano imaIndo us all t' turn towrinds that part of iooil, when ia ardonio laugl acd " Good-night, my friends, renmmbor the mI glo of Idhi is not dead or impotlot so long ai l;or eoci-liv-6itilao "fio of thlo eirth. Host. I go now. Who ncext I omoyou will know more. Good-night." For onoo George throw his arm arountid me in a kindly way. " Awful, old girl, lsn'tit? If thatfullow'e not the devil himself ho is his chief oflicer. No wonder you both look scared. IBy Jove, I'll have to take a glass of cbrandy myseolf b fore I got the sound of it oat of imy cars." After thimnother was in a conthinul fright and worry, so obeyed miy father's stlnlcasl home all the more readily, for silo was a iwomaan whoso watch-word was ' duty," and well did she carry it out to the end. Two years passed over in utter misery and constant humiliation for ime. Drinking, iswearilng, gamblig, racing-fast in every way, Goorgo led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money he had from his father. Often fter a few weeks spent inll Auckland or Dunedin he w ld comlle ho10mie bringlng ia troop of men and fast women and order meo to bl civil and ontertiln them well. Lothing emy work I was forced to be coldly pnllto to people lwhomlI despised and dletested, brought, as they weore, by my own husband to my own hoeic. Rtasoning and oxliostulatiml he never listened to. "itiMadam,' am I tmaster here ori not P I do as Ilike, and the sooner you know it the beotter--no matter what youe think. Wiho cmes? Got out If it doesa't llenso you I" Awful as this all is, many a timeno had I to oilily my ncars listening to wlhat was a thou snoid degrees worse, or to pat up with his equally degrading caresses when he wa:l ploased to be ini what he caulled " the doace of a good temper;" but I could generally, I fonld by this time, got rid of him by writing a chequo and lpersuading hii (not muIh.por uOlllllonl nepdied) to go and enjoy the tacos or any other festivity of which I chanced to hear, and then a foe days or perhaps weekis helpod ime to boar a lifo almost inblarable and growllg daily woere. This spring a hope canmoe to oli that before long a sweet wco form would lio in lily arms; liltle arms would twilie rund mly necok and soft woo lips be prasoed to mine. Oh, hollest joy of mnotherhood I hov wonderful thou art I uhlt can comnpare with thel I Thus the Calhollo church IaLdes the eother-helart of Mhary the foituit of all love and 1pity, for shte know the joys iutd trials of a iwoeRan. Yet noce this did not soften George, cnd his treatment of niao boclume more and lcoro brutal. . Wall do I reomember lis cruel lhanids vwreoucllig mly hair, il« s blows, curses andoveikickso. Soe six wecekshbforoUlthobirth of lily childI was very Ill anld Ihad Locahlin lthe'dolor, whlose ind eanro got mie roiund aid vwhlose iymnpaihlotio voloe nid kinldly ad vice wvro to io atat tht timc and indeed over oii e to reatontst comfort I know--thIo oily frlond wvlinia I dired trust with all the liulhinliatg bitternlcs of ily lifo. -At 111H miy babypanmle-a crown of joy and delight, HIow I loved mly sweet nlno. IIow I crcshed ilis veb onform cganllst- ly hIonrt in aipasson of thaInksgivihg to God for so won dorfl a gift.- Iknow miy little one' thought -bis wenat-oven boforo hei wnca onlsIoas of Ilioltn hhnsolf nnd for hnI I mndo a stanlld, Iliht all hl pro eorty should not be sponet in ritolus lIlvinelg. Lot ine pass by that scono, lIly ty veia but: a loeY mouthis old wihen his faither In siultold mo nd hhn witiih the last olnutrgo, whichul a womalln ihas to oiduire on earth ; bht thero his power exceeded its linit. I shimly walkod tomly oom,, and, taluiguumychulld l iiny arael, bade tIeo nurso follov ile th the prln cllal ]hotel In Akaro h since thopollteod hioUoe wias no linger lit for mly bhlbe nid mia. A forlnlghtflm utr eorao rcoeleede iln f11e iug in Intervliew oin ice, when hle der.cainudod a largO H011 iof ioonely cIt nicoCi, thraleIItellg lo Illl ma if lT did not co-11icult to give hinm whln wihld ruin clly chill. ll.'tunatuliy, Dr. Clario was nillchi Ilnhe'ihg, having called tol iiulerlIili If ice eoulld nl-eve nie l In iiy atlllIer. Hieu clinii shle, Ln J I-lledui, and Georgo iuinlO llatcly and blankly conIisented to leave for Mellourne at on11c n oilh rcclpt of ia ehequlo for L1,000, whlidh I gailVerhli. , v George," I ,,icdt hohling ott -l an my hand. "Things might havo'ben dif ferent if you had so willed. I have boon a good and faithful wifo, and I do not forgot you are the father of my boy. God grant you may grow tired of evil and come ihomo to us atlnst. Good-byo." Ile turnod and scowled, but never a word. HIoulo forward my life ran smoothly. I had a few friends-my books, my piano, my paint-box, and last end clhiefest joy of all I had my bleosad boy. His swoet voice cheered ino; for him I grow merry ogain ; for him I sang and danced over the house and up and down the gardon paths. I was Ili com panion and playmato; his friond and advistr, later on, and ho- All he was my inaoaSt joy I Infinitely more procions than my own life was this one which drew all its life from me, whioh was so fascilnting in itl clinging, helpless dependence on me-lnny, I could not have lived had it not been for the infinite delight and care my boy was to me. So God gives ts women mother-liharts, and in the oxporienor thas gained teaches us His groat truths and lessons and draws us over up. ward and onward towards that spiritual life which so nearly surrotnds us. I tried to lealorn all I could of that lifo so that I might be the more fitted toload and toach my son in ill goodness, mprity and holiness, and so the time passed on. Myy mother wia now living witli me. - Denr soul, hlo had gono through mnili. A few months after my Geoffry was born my father disappearieQ in a most uncanny way. I hnd Sboon on a visit to Tasmania nid was theoro at I the time. An Indian hawker oamo ono day and my father, lifted his whip to striko him Sfor daring to paster the housc with lis wares, Swhen the Indian lifted hias hand and uttered ta nitenoo in a foreigi languingo. MIy father rlooked soared and tlirned away will a curse, and for several days sfterwards walked about Slooking half dazid,spoko gently ovenlovingly Io lmy m.other, and one day, after hissing her gently on the cheek, saying: "Lie down andl rest, Agnes wifne, whilo I I go out with the dogs for a bit." ITo wonet oiut, nid though search was made i fir annd noilr no one lis over hcrdof orseon hiii since.. Afoer waiting for nearly a year, hoping ngainst hope, mother camno over to tno I and iy boy, and of all the lhocleholds inl I Akaroa ours wavs, I lnl b ure, the most happy and restful, nave when lthe memory of tle In dintn' awful and mysteorious words or the Sfinlt echo of theill-doings of the Feapo-graco lhutsbhnd reo wafted to Is ; no clolud dinmmed onr slhy ; all wna penceful and cnlm, and I wondered' and ondcered alow any woman could overy dieem tlihe love of a miini of any consequence, especially wlientsliolin so sweet a gift as a little oHliven-sent soul with its snowy purity to love and to train. So endi tlhe first part of nmy story, com inon-placi enough. H]undreds of girls marry without loving menl wlihomu they loatlo in the inctiiilnly of doily life; Ihunldreds of wives amr ill treated; lbundreds deserted ; hundreds have Ibaby boys or girls to love, and tile commcon, Sovery-day lot of wonmankind comes to them Sand is n crown of joy or a crown of thorns, and no ono ncres, for womenc bear and suffer ic ciliinco-thleir lime is not yet. I liave sail little about anything but tho cirenicstancces mnoro intimatoly connected with ily own life. I have said 1not1ing of the deathl of tlo old man, Bnrton, who, long bIofore his death, rocognised how .1aso and cruel Ils son was aid what a wretlced Bacri fico nad been inldo of eno. Tile oldman died in my arms, blessing mo ns his only comfort for yeaor, and hlis last vords were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. nI hatd that for givoeless, and lio Inopw that it wnas fronm ay I hlanrt... : .- ' ..„ I hlave said little of my poor brollhr who ran tho race of wickedness and broughlt sor row anil disyrac onl us all. Sorrow amnddi grace nro not subjects we love to dwell on, and if they have to be opinted it is not by the I hind of one that lais to bear the load. My s lbro of sorrow wns great, but tlio dinsrnao waso not mine, tlough I shared in it. What a different worldwould it be if weo wore made responsible for the deeds of our own naud alone I CITAPTER X. 1 'sr CONTINUe S IEr NAnnATIVE. The years glided iquiotly by; little or no thing occurred to disturb tleo oven tonor of our way. Tlen any -sweet mother went to ier rest and her lionio, but sio promisod rlo slio would always guardad and watc over lher eliild, which I kaow sllhedoes. Life bocmano quiotor, and would havo been for me infnlitoly locoly and sad lhad it not boon for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelve years old ; so tholughtful and companionableo so strong and sO mnerry, nnd not the smallest of hIls virtues in his mlother's oyes-thel fiut of Ills entire devotion to that mother. Boat ing, cricketing-whatover the anmuement or study it was with hiis mother as his com pannion. Ofteon I wondered lit my sense of froodom, and I tlhoghlt that the long-ago comrade of my own oiildish days was again with tle. Msy poor brother Will-no doubt dead long sinBoo hi Victoria. I novor cotld traco lim, and of lIte I did not stir in the matter -selfishly, peorbiis, fouring to lir o Geaorgeo, any hulsband. Dr, Clarko, my very good friend and adviser, inndo inquiries qliotly for alo oneae or twice, but nothing caino of it. " Lot aleopilng dogs lio," is a favorlto plirase of tih good doctor's, aid maybo to ilnquirles were niotnowlht slack. I had crossed the ominnous thirty boumndry when the whlolo of my lifo ulnderwent a most thrilling changd. It occurred In this wis o: We haid returned from a visit to Clristclurlih and had brought a yount friend of Geoltry's to speid a ofw weeks with us. Clooiry como to ite oano day with a request thatIslhoiuld go ipj the nlmountains oil a cuinpilig extcurtaon, ewhile ie and lls frilod hunted all theo wild things they could is e. I could not arrango it, notfeoling woll,'and forasono tlio rtefued limn,' blt he coixed and potted mno.till at lust I gave wny ngninst my own jlidgiicnt na Dr. Clark, Ills general conlpanilon, was unablo to go cwith hlin oil account of theli eoieted nr riviil oft frioiid from the old country. " aoud-bye, iimother sweetest. I won't ennrtp this time. : WO wll w'ait till you coimo Ilemoe-nothing perfect without yellou. I selil be honio at oight to tii." " Good-bye, my son of sons. llttico will rnlio your favorlto canks," I gaily answorod miy bright-fncod lad. ' ' Alnn I gcaing casually out of tllo window up the inollntain path about five o'olock I was stortlod nt sooieg a queer littlo prooclsion slowly imaking its way down : firat my boy's frlend, llsrry IInluomnb, thon two men carry ing soceoneo, followed 'bymy boy's 'great dog, Brnno, with drooplg lihd and tail. " IIonevons, ay boy is dead I" I 'oroamod anid flowp tleo pithi to meet them. IIrrry ran on. "Dear MIrs. Barton, omToff. Is hlur, but not dead," he culled out., "Thank Godl" I arled, my hands holding my'honrt tlghl t.:' t' *-. ' * - + J? . ' ; . .1 " Iothor darling, don't cry. I'll soon be all right,' whllspored Geoff. ns I took lis hnrii d tbeot over ihhn. ; "h IIsih, my olhild do not speak. Motlheor will hlto onro of you," Twilo lIo foiluled wltll agony beforo we got hllm unildrosseld fnld laid in mlly largest roolm, for Ills leg wes badly broken in two plaices ind the pnin was intoheo. Burvants Ihid gono flying for Dr. Clurko, lind Ic1 it short timo I heard soano one comeio lIu tlo roomcn wher was klnoe(lli holding cny darling's lind.i . W " j .* 5 1,' ( k. /,* ..„. .. ' tt~ . *" * 