The Ghost at the1 Ferry. EARLY in the sixties, while the incapable Young was still administering, or pretend ing to administer, the affairs of the colony, the settlers in the neighbourhood of the Hawkesbury crossing, known as Wiseman's Ferry, ware favored by the presence of a real ghost. They were fond of talking about it, were these Hawkesbury settlers, and proud of it too, and all attempts on the part of the sceptical strangerfat common sense explanations were received with the utmost scorn, " Why, Lord bless you, sir, it's been seen over land over again» and on a dark, still night, ye'il most likely see a faint flitting light in the upper windows of the Old Stone House at the Ferry. That's the ghost." " The Old Stone House at the ferry" was the favourite residence of the ghost, and many were the stories vouohed for by the yokels, of incautious tramps, who had made a convenience of the " Old Stone House" for a night, being disturbed joy; strange noises in the dead of night, and fleeing for dear life at the approach of the myterious being, leaving behind all their belojïgjngs. It was a cold, wet Christmas evening, when Jim Harris and his mate reached the Ferry. They had been on the tramp siucg early morning, and were wet through, and thoroughly knocked up. The sun had set, leaving an angry glare still visible on the flying storm clouds in the west. The night was closing heavily in, and the moon, which was near full, was completely hidden by the masses of dull, leaden clouds hanging low overhead. " We're in for it to-night." said Jim, looking up at the ¿flying storm clouds, " I wonder whether we can find a hut to camp in to-night." " Let's ask the Ferryman ; he'll know," said his mate. The Ferryman, a long, scraggy speci men of humanity, replied that the only house he 'f knowed on" was the " Old Stone House" on the other side. " It's a bit draughty," he continued, "and folks here about says as ífa haunted." Jim looked at his mate. " Any port in a storm, I say," was the answer to his look. " Ghosts are better than rheuma tism." " I'm agreeable to chance it if you are," said Jim, and so it was arranged. The Ferryman pulled steadily on, while this conversation took place, now and then glanciug curiously under the brim of his hat at the two men at the stern, whose figures were conspicuous against the lurid back-ground of sky. A few directions as to the position the House, and the best way of getting in, and the Ferryman bade them a gruff good-night. The Old Stone House, as the two men stood before it a few minutes later, lpoked dark and grim in the gathering night, and suggestive of any amount of ghosts and goblins. Still, it was a shelter, and the only one, and so, without further remark, Jim and his mate made their entrance. A large wainscoted room, with a broad staircase leading to the upper regions, ap peared to be the best to camp in, for it had a wide fireplace. Hastily collecting a heap of firewood, they soon had a roaring fire, and a billy of water hissing and spluttering before it. A bit of salt beef and damper, the remnant of their last meal, were produced, and the two men sat down on their blankets before the fire with tbe billy of tea between them, Their coats and boots were drying before the fire, and cross-legged they sat, munch ing and drinking with a relish that only men ' on the wallaby' know. " Struck it lucky, I reckon," said Jim, ooking rou nd the deserted room. "If it wasn't for the ghost," said his mate with a grin. Jim laughed. It was evident that they were sceptics, the pair of them. Bo the two friends, spreading oat their blankets, lay down before the fire, smoking and talking till nearly ten o'olock. V Well, time to turn in," said Jim at last. " By the way, mate," he continued, as each rolled himself in his blankets, " if the ghost SHOULD come, we mast be ready to receive him," and jumping up he selected two stout pieces of wood from the heap at the fire, and placed them ready for ase. A hearty goodnight, and the two tired tramps were soon asleep. The fire burned low, as the two men slept, while strange ghostly shadows flitted up and down the mildewed walls as the flambs rosi jé4Jfell> jjrçd nothing was heard save the peaceful snoring of the sleepers and t^e crash of tlje barned old logs as they fell in. At about midnight Jim, whose dreaming j fancies were of ghosts and goblins, turning uneasily in his sleep, was half-awakened by a Bound that seemed to come from the rooms upstairs. He listened. All was quiet, ana nothing could be heard but the faint crackle of the dying fire. Outside, the rain oontinued, and the drip, drip, of the water from the eaves had a ghostly sound. j Settling himself once more to sleep, he] ¿wal ifftuMl again, this âme hy alojràttfcire,1 tts of a heavy fell. Raising himself on his elbow, he listened again Intently. The^e was clearly someone upstairs. Pinching the arm of his mate, to awaken him, he whispered in his ear : " Ghost." The other was soon awake and listening with Jim. Again there came the mysterious sounds. The ghost was really there. Each man grasped his stick, and disengaged himself from his blanket. Again came ibo noise. The ghost was evidently at work, for sounds as of heavy pieces of timber falling, were heard. "What shall we do?" said Jim tn a whisper. " Wait for him at the foot of the stairs." Taking their sticks wifch them,, the men crept stealthily to the Blairs, aM Jim, whose swag included a tent "fly," hastily twisted it into á rope, áud stretched it across the stairway a few feet above the floor. " That'll fetch him, if it's the Mud of ghost I think," he whispered* Then they orouohed behind the bannisters and waited. The noises Upstairs, whioh had ceased for a little time, were now heard again, and' presently a heavy tramping ; the ghost Was evidently coming down! The tramping came nearer and nearer; the ghost was coming down without a doubt. Still the men crouched low behind the stairs and waited. Nothing could be seen, but they knew the ' ghost was nearing the " fly." A stumble ! a fall ! a yeti 1 and the two men sprang out and threw themselves upon the sprawling 'ghost.' He was a very material ghost tin's, for he struggled violently, though in silence. It was in vain, however, for the metí held him fast, and. together they dragged him to the fite. Strapping his arms together behind, Jim held liim while the other struck a matcL The light ievealed****the ferryman* He begged to be let off, saying that it WEB only a joke ; but Jim and his mate were not to be disturbed for nothing. Unstrap ping his arms, they gave him a cudgelling and told him to " get," or it would be the worse for him. The ghost needed no seoond telling. He sprang through the window and took to his heels. The story was never told, for the two friends went off at day break next morning and spoke to no one. But the " ghost" had made his last appear ance, and the people looked in vain for the ghostly flitting light in the upper windows of the " Old Stone House" at the Fe:ry, J 