"JACK THE RIPPER." How He Was Found. A GRUESOME STORY. In the Asylum Now. An Idle, Dissolute Fellow— Homicidal Mania—The Chain of Evidence— Leading to Identification. Continuing its narrative of how "Jack the Ripper" was traced, the London SUN states : — The man whom we identify as "Jack the Ripper " was committed to the asylum in which he is at present incarcerated after having been brought up before a London magistrate on a charge of stab- bing six girls on different dates. The case was not gone into, medical evi- dence being forthcoming to show that the prisoner was not responsible for his actions. Previously to his apprehension on this charge the accused had committed a murderous attack on a female relative and upon a domestic servant in her employ ; and it was consequent upon these acts that he was detained in the place whence he escaped in the dramatic and almost marvellous manner already, described. It is one of the most curious features in this strange story that many persons at the time were of opinion that this man was "Jack the Ripper," and many who knew him well had certainly heard the suggestion. A remarkable letter was written at the time by F— — ' K— —. F — — K — — is the father of one of the girls stabbed. We ask especial attention to this remarkabledocument— the letter was addressed to the police :— " Pardon me for suggesting an idea which has probably occurred to you in connec- tion with the recent stabbing, cases in this neighborhood. A dagger which was found on the man now under detention is just such a one as was probably used with such dreadful success at Whitechapel, and there are several points of resemblance in the cases although those now before us are now trivial compared with the magni- tude of the Whitechapel tragedies. This fel- low approaches his victims from the back, and with such a weapon could very easily commit a Whitechapel murder and escape without showing any blood marks. He is cat-like in his approach, very, fleet of foot, and he can APPROACH HIS VICTIM UNHEARD, and if true that he has a second dagger and revolver at home it is probable they are in tended for use in this event of an attempted capture. I think you will find on inquiry that one of the Whitechapel victims was seen in company of a man with a light coat shortly before the murder. His return—after, a long absence—with bleeding feet is very suggestive, and shows that his operations are performed some distance from— ." First, mark this phrase in F —— K —— 's letter: "He is cat-like in his approach, very fleet of foot, and he can approach his victim unheard." Is not. this an exact description of what the man must have been who could have committed the Whitechapel murders? The allusion to the light overcoat must be taken in connection with the murder in an archway, off Buckchurch-lane. It was there that the body of a woman un- known was discovered in September; 1889; and it was reported that she had been seen a short time before her murder talking to a man in "a light overcoat," A " light overcoat " was among the things found at the house of the man who stabbed the girl. Finally, as F— — K— — suggests, the knife used in the two sets of cases was of the same pattern. We pass to another branch of the case. It will be remembered that the charge on which this man was brought up was that of stabbing girls. When he was arrested he made a most significant observation. " Is this," he said, "for the Mile End job? I mean the public-house next, the Syndicate, where I just MISSED HER THAT TIME. They took me to be of the Jewish per- suasion." Now this is an extraordinary observation in connection with the facts we are about to relate. .Inquiries were made for any trace of the " Mile-end job in the public-house next to the Syndicate," to which the lunatic, referred on his arrest. It was dis- covered that next to the Jewish Syna- gogue, in the East End, there is a public- house, and that during the "Jack the Ripper" period of 1888 some disturbance was one night caused at the bar of the public-house by a fallen woman scream- ing out that "Jack the Ripper" was talking to her. She had been drinking and conversing with a young man of slight build and of sallow features, and she pointed to him when she made the startling announcement that he was " Jack the Ripper." The mun immediately took to his heels, departing with au alacrity that prevented all pursuit. The incident was but briefly reported in the daily papers, under the heading of " Another 'Jack the Ripper' scare." But a description of the man whom the woman pointed out was given as that of a young man of 27 or 28 years, slight of build and of Jewish appearance, his face being thin and sallow. This led to the theory entertained for some time that "Jack the Ripper" was a Jew. The public-house incident took place about the middle of September. On the night of September 30, 1888, two women were killed, one in Berners-street and one in Mitre-square. Over the latter there was written on the rough wall, in chalk, " The Jews are no the men that will be blamed for nothing;". This writing was ordered to be obliterated by Sir Charles Warren. In con= nection with the Mitre-square murder, the city police offered, on October 2, 1888, a reward of £500 for the capture of the murderer, and the description given of the person wanted was:— "Age about 28 ; slight ; height, 5ft. 8in.; complexion dark, no-whiskers ; black diagonal coat, hard felt hat, collar and tie ; carried newspaper parcel ; respectable appearance." Now we say that those facts enormously add to the proof that the man who made this observation was the same man who had murdered the two women on the night of September 30, 1889. The mistake of naming, " syndicate " for synagogue rather adds to the strength of the story. ANOTHER LINK. But that is not all. It will be remem- bered that this man was charged with stabbing either four or six young women. Those young women stated that while passing along the streets they, had been stabbed by a man who in each case had made off at great speed. The women described that they had been struck by some sharp instrument, their clothes being punctured and smothered in blood, and all of them suffering more or less from hemorrhage. What was this instrument like? We must, go back to the time of this man's escape from the lunatic asylum. On the evening after he had had that remarkable interview with the man and his sweetheart in Camden Town the escaped lunatic re- turned to his house. It was 12 o'clock. His feet were bleeding, a fact on which, it will be remembered, the father of one of the girls stabbed commented. He had a bath, he changed his clothes, and it was under stood that he was going to bed. After everybody else had gone up- stairs, they heard a heavy tread outside in the street. They thought the lunatic would be frightened; went downstairs, and found he had gone. He came back again at 1 o'clock to dinner, and stayed until 7 o'clock in the evening. He went to sleep, and one of his relatives then took a knife from his pocket and hid it behind a piano. He then went out and wandered about the streets all Sunday evening. During this evening a police constable called at the house. He had heard that the man had returned home again and had gone to arrest him. The police-officer OBTAINED THE KNIFE which had been taken from the man whilst asleep and hidden behind the piano. And now let us see what kind of weapon this was. The knife is of the bowie pattern, the sharp blade, tapering to a point, being nearly 6in, in length, and also having a kind of sword-hilt. The black handle is knotted, seven points on either side being tipped with pearl. The knife bears the name of a firm in the Minories. The lunatic himself, in spite of his in- sanity, felt the importance of this knife. To a police officer he made the significant observation: "I am all right — they can't do anything with me. The sheath was only found on me." And this observation was true ; for in the hip pocket of his trousers had been found a leather sheath into which the knife fitted. Moreover, he exhibited great concern when he discovered that the knife had been given up to the police. The next point to be considered about the CRIMINAL LUNATIC IN BROADMOOR, whom we identify as "Jack the Ripper," is whether we can add to the accumulation of evidence against him any facts in his personal characteristics, his hereditary trails and his temperament, which will point him as the type likely to commit the Whitechapel murders. The man was born in 1863 in London. His father separated from his mother, whom he is said to have treated badly. In the case of the father, the morbid element appears in ill treatment of his wife, neglect of his child, and, finally, in his flying from his responsibilities and in his contracting a bigamous marriage abroad. The boy was employed in several offices, but in none of them for a long time, and in nearly every case his dismissal came from some such irregularity as one would expect in the case of such a man. One of the worst of these irregularities was his constant irregularity of hours. He had be- gun at an early age that system of night walking and stopping in bed late in the mornings which finally developed into his turning night into day, and working under the protection of darkness his fiendish crimes. At the time when he committed the Whitechapel murders this tendency had so far developed that he spent most of every day in bed, and it was not till 9 or 10 o'clock at night that he ever went forth. It will be seen how much such habits helped him to escape detection. They kept him from being known to all but a few, outside the relations and the chance lodgers who were there, the house in which he lived con- sealed from the rest of the world, his name, his identity, his very existence. In short, he was, except for a few people, DEAD TO ALL THE WORLD. The man who haunted Whitechapel was a thing of mystery and night—a thing hidden away from the common gaze, just like the family lunatic or imbecile who only signifies existence to the casual visitor by the stifled shriek, the muffled groan. The testimony we have obtained is equally clear as to this man's having what we may call the "Jack the Ripper" tern- permanent. Already we have given many instances of that morbidness of mind, and especially in the direction of constitutional disease, which everybody who has studied this class of crime knows to be a most fre- quent impelling motive towards the murder of fallen women. So strong was this feeling upon him that, as we have already pointed out, he contemplated for a long time the assassination of a doctor who refused to take . his hypochondria for real disease. All the witnesses singularly agree in this- description of the morbid and filthy ten- dencies of this man's mind. Some of the statements made to us we shall have to soften— they are too loathsome for re- production ; but anybody reading between the lines will see the type of diseased and prurient creature this man was. Anatomy had for him an irresistible fascination. We have already mentioned that in his room were found diagrams, just such as one would expect to find in Jack the Ripper's" pos- session— DIAGRAMS OF WOMEN MUTILATED, and mutilated in just the way in which the murdered women of Whitechapel were found mutilated. In bed most of the day, out most of the night, engaged almost exclusiveiy in the study of anatomy and the drawing of muti- lated women—is not that exactly the pic- ture one would form of the type of lunatic who would commit the Whitechapel mur- ders? When it is added that,' altogether outside the Whitechapel horrors; the crea- ture who so lives has committed nine homicidal offences, the case becomes irre- sistible. And now let us set forth the TERRIBLE LIST OF CRIMES which were committed by the wretched man called "Jack the Ripper" by him- self: August 7, 1888. — Martha Tebran, found in George yard buildings, Commercial- street, Spitalfields, with 39 wounds on the body—supposed to have been inflicted with a bayonet. September 1. — Mary Ann Nichols, found in Brick's yard, Whitechapel-road. Throat cut from ear to ear. Body ripped up from abdomen almost to the breast-bone. A second cut gashed her thigh. September 9.—Annie Chapman, found at 29 Hanbury-street, Spitalfields. Throat first cut and body ripped, and then hacked and gashed until the entrails pro- truded. September 30.— Elizabeth Stride, found in Brewers-street, Whitechapel, nearly opposite the International and Educational Club. Head nearly severed from the body. September 30.—Catherine Eddewes, or Conway, found in Mitre- square, Aldgate — woman's throat cut from the left side ; abdomen ripped open. Above this body was written in chalk on the wall, "The Jews are not the men that will be blamed for nothing." November 9.—Mary Jane Kelly, mur- dered in a house in Dorset-street, Spital- fields. Body terribly mutilated and gashed. July 17, 1889.— Alice McKenzie mur- dered, her throat being cut and body muti- lated, in Castle-alley, Whitechapel. September 11, 1889. — Woman unidenti- fied murdered, her throat being cut and body mutilated, in Railway Arch, Pinchin- street, off Backchurch-Iane. February 13, 1191. — Frances Cole mur- dered, her throat cut and body mutilated, in archway of the Great Eastern Railway, which leads from Swallow Gardens, White- chapel. A VISIT TO BROADMOOR. Face to Face with the Criminal. When the net of evidence began thus to close round one man—when it had been established beyond all reasonable doubt that the perpetrator of the Whitechapel murders was under the lock and key of the law — two representatives of the Sun went to Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, in order to come face to face with that inscrut- able criminal. Inquiry at the central office showed that Dr. Nicholson, the medical superintendent, was awaiting his expected visitors at his house, a charming little villa situated under the lees of the vast asylum, and overlooking from its drawing-room windows the beautiful valley which stretches away towards Aldershot. Dr. Nicholson is a Scotchman, whose geniality has survived many years of close acquaint- ance with the worse ruffians in Great Britain. The position taken up by Dr. Nicholson was a very simple one. He was always very glad to show visitors over the asylum who came armed with the official permit, and would, of course, give all the informa- tion that lay in his power as to any par- ticular inmate whom he was questioned about. The mention of the name of the one man above all others in whom the representa- tives of the Sun were interested caused the production of a large brown evelope, which contained the whole of the documents relative to the case for which he was incar- cerated in Broadmoor. In these there was naturally no mention of his supposed con- nection with the Whitechapel crimes, and Dr. Nicholson was absolutely astonished, not to say incredulous, when informed as to the identity of the wretched lunatic, in whom he had previously taken no more than an official interest. However, it was but natural to expect that Dr. Nicholson would not commit himself to any opinion or give any help towards eluci- dating the mystery other than so far as lay in his power by showing the representatives of the Sun every hole and corner of the asylum. In due course he conducted his visitors to the dangerous ward. Perhaps we were depressed (writes one of the representatives of the SUN) by the morbid surroundings, added to a hyper- sensitive appreciation of the STRANGE, WILD, DEVILISH PERSONALITY of the man we were about to see. What ever the feeling, there can be no doubt that some of the brightness had gone from the sunlight, some of the purity from the air, as we looked out through a grated window into a spacious courtyard of asphalt, bounded on two sides by a high wall, and on the others by the tall buildings which shut out the now declining rays of the January sun. In this chill and dreary en- closed space some 50 men were taking moody exercise or loitering aimlessly in small groups. The chief warder in our company looked keenly for the man whose name we had given, and at last he exclaimed, " There he is !" He pointed to a solitary figure sauntering in the shade of the farthest wall, removed to the utmost possible extent from his fellows, with cap pulled closely down over his eyes, with hands deep in his pockets, and with rough overcoat thrown loosely about his shoulders and tightly buttoned under- neath his chin. The sight of this HOPELESS, DEJECTED FIGURE, skulking there in the distance—morose and apart from all human companion- ship— was a thing never to be forgotten. The fierce and demoniacal associations con- nected with his name, the brutal and bestial crimes committed by the man in the silent watches of the night, the mystery and terror and horror which for years surrounded his unknown personality — all these considera- tions held us spellbound, silent, oppressed, aud saddened in spirit, as we gazed through the iron bars at the slowly-mov- ing figure beneath the opposite wall. The ghosts of the victims of this wretched man seemed to troop by his side in the gloom of solitude. We pictured to ourselves the ghastly procession, and the appalling images possessed us to the exclusion of words. It was, therefore, a great relief to us when Dr. Nicholson said, addressing one of the warders, " Bring him here." We passed into a little office close at hand, and, a minute later, "JACK THE RIPPER " ENTERED with his guard. Two warders, guided his uncertain steps towards a corner which was flooded with light from a window, and Dr. Nicholson, stepping forward, said in cheery tones: — . " Well, my man, now are you?" No verbal response came from this strange being, but, as if seized with some sudden, conception of what was required of him, he tore off his loosely-knotted necktie, opened his shirt collar, bared his breast, and ex- panded his chest in a manner suggestive of one undergoing a medical examination, but never a word did he utter. The medical superintendent humored his fancy, and lapped the region of his lungs, saying, " Yes, yes, that's all right. You are in capital form. You are quite comfortable here, are you not ? " No answer. "Come, now, won't you tell these gentle- men how you are getting on ? They would be very glad to hear that you were well," It was useless, The voice of the WHITECHAPEL FIEND— whose tones are treasured up in the preter- naturally acute sound memories of a blind boy — will never again be heard on earth by other than a warder in Broadmoor Asylum. He took not the slightest notice of the doctor, nor did he evince the least interest in his sur- roundings or in the strangers who were looking at him. His face was absolutely animal and unintelligent. If there was augnt of soul in that poor tenement of clay it was shrouded in murky mists which blotted out recollection and dulled perception. The man's eyes had a morbid fascination for me, and, as I afterwards found, for my com- panion. They looked out into vacuity— dull, vacant, unconscious of life, or care, or hope. They were not ferocious, but simply stolid, like the glass eye of a lay figure. They implied to us that to such a man all actions were possible— that to their owner it was as simple a thing to use a knife upon a human throat as upon a piece of thick twist tobacco. As we gazed at him we wondered whether awful visions of the past did not at times flit across his brain and twinge with horror that impassive face— visious of squalid ill-lighted streets and alleys, with draggle-tailed women, of whispered consultations, of sudden stab- bing and hacking at palpitating bodies, of hairbreadth escapes from capture, and mad races for life through the darkness and gloom of London. But if such dreams come to "Jack the Ripper," waking or asleep, there were no signs of them in his livid face on this occa- sion. When, in dull and stupid manner, he perceived that apparently no further ex- amination was required of him, he fastened his shirt, but slightly resisted one of the warders who attempted to arrange his scarf for him. The COARSE MOUTH AND FISH-LIKE EYES were still expressionless, and the motion of resistance was only visible by a momentary use of his hands. Then he did a strange thing. He grasped his throat with his left hand, threw back his head, and placed his right hand at the base of the skull. What he meant by this action neither Dr Nicholson nor the attendant warder knew. "He never speaks now," said the medical superintendent, "and he is in the final and most troublesome stage of lunacy, having LOST HIS SELF- RESPECT." The chief warder told us of some of the disgusting and degrading habits practised by this miserable wretch — habits the mere recital of which made one loathe to be in his presence, and which were yet strangely in accord with our preconceived notions of that which the man must be in order to be capable of the acts which are laid to his store. One more question was necessary before the warder who had "Jack the Ripper" in charge took him out of our presence. " How does he cut his food ?" one of us asked. " With either right or left hand. He doesn't seem to care which, sir," came the answer — another link in our chain of evidence, and all the more valuable because it was unconscious, as the official had not the least knowledge of the real identity of the man whom he had watched during the past three years. At last the unkempt, HAGGARD, SOULLESS MAN was led out into the open air again, and he promptly walked across the court yard to his haunt by the side of the de- serted wall. Here he resumed his aimless stroll backwards and forwards, with bent head and rounded shoulders- screened from curious eyes by slouched cap and cape-like coat. And here we left him, to turn with a great gladness to the outer light, to the beauty of the trees and the sky, to the environment of refreshing nature, as a relief from the morbid night- mare of seeing and almost conversing with him who looked like a deathly and pallid figure risen from the marble slabs of the morgue. 