THE COMET MAN'S EXPLOIT. i. .The editor of that enterprising evening paper, the Comet, was in an execrable humor. There could be no doubt about it. He was smoking very strong tobacco in a very black clay pipe. The odor ot that tobacco,, the sight of that clay, always told the staff of the Cornet when their chief was in' one of his unpleasant moods. It was a danger signal. So little Mr. Matchwood, having caught a sight of the clav and a whiff of the tobacco, felt very sorry that he had 'ventured on knocking at the . door, of the editor's den and putting his head in to wish him good- evening before going home for the night. Hp tried to retreat, but it was too late. " "Who tho deuce are you 1" roared the editor through a cloud of smoke. " Sorry to disturb you, Mr. "VVal- singham," said the reporter, apologeti cally, putting in his head again. "I just looked in to say good-evening and see if you wanted me to do anything." " Can't you come in, then ?' said Walsingham. " Can't you come in, I Eav, instead of sticking in the doorway and turning up your eyes like a dying duck in ri thunderstorm ?" " I thought," suggested Matchwood, elipping timidly into the room j " I thought you might have something to say to me on business." ,"'No,'.I -haven't," said Walsingham, standing hp and poking the fire with the toe, of his massive boot. "Yes, though, I have, and something serious, too;" . . ' ! "Well, sir ?" ' " It's not well, sir. It's — — bad, sir," retorted , Walsingham. " Unless you wake up a bit and give us some thing more lively for the Comet we shall' have to part. Who cares a brass farthing for .your fires at tallow chandlers and rows at second-rate public-houses, and accidents to elderly gentlemen ? We want our men to get up sensations for us that will sell the paper. Why, here you have been three months at work and never: brought us even a decent suicide or a third-class murder. Wake up, man, and Show you are worth your salt, or you march, double quick." "But you don't want me to get up a murder or a suicide, do" you?" re monstrated Matchwood. '"1 don't care if you do," said the editor, poking the fire again in the same rough-and-ready way. " Hang yourself, if you cans only send us an account of it first ; or murder any one you choose but me, and put the police on the wrong , track about it, Only give the Comet plenty of sanguinary details," and. the editor relaxed and laughed at his-own suggestion. "By Jove? I will. You'li bpve a murder sooner than you expect," answered the reporter, glad to take up the jest, and then he tramped down stairs through the heavy atmosphere redolent of oil and printing ink, and out into the gathering fog of the late October afternoon. II. Mr. Matchwood' lived in furnished apartments at 123 Barrow Hill-place, N.W. Barrow Hill- place, as every L'ondoner knows, lies on the western slope of Primrose Hill. Northward there is a big reservoir, and close by a bridge, leads over the Regent's Canal. It is a retired spot, but the park arid the Zoo are near at hand in one direction, while in the other the breezy heights of Hampstead are within easy reach. Being of an economic turr. of - mind Mr. Match- Wood' usually . travelled home from tlio region' of Fleet-street by the third- class on the Metropolitan, taking his ticket from Farringdon-street to Port- land- road. Then, if it was at all fine, he walked across Regent's Park ; if it was not, there was a penny 'bus which took him a long way on his homeward journey. The Metropolitan is not a cheerful line to travel upon, nor are its third- class carriages precisely what the Yankees call ".palace cars." In the late hours of the afternoon, when they are crammed and overcrowded with home- returning folk from city offices arid workshops, they are about the most depressing conveyances in London.. "While travelling under such conditions to Portland-road, Mr. Matchwood's flicker of good, spirits . disappeared, and he remembered only I tho ominous threat uttered' by his 1 chief. Arrived at his destination he made up his mind to walk across the park and think matters out, and this, i although the afternoon was dull with patches of fog that made the street ubovo only a little less gloomy than tho dirty, steamy station below. ' Regent's Park was all but empty. Indeed, it was not far from tho closing hour, and it was neither the time nor the place for a constitutional Once ! he left the" main road he met no one. As he traversed tho wide grassy ex panse between the lako and the Zoo logical Gardens ho felt liko a solitary wanderer in the wilderness. The haze hung low and made his horizon a narrow ono.' Tho clumps of trees loomed up out of it in ghostly masses. It was cold and lonoly, and he had a creepy feeling of uncanny alarm. " Talk of murder," he said to him self, "any.one that liked could murder a fellow hero in the very middle of London, and no one be tho wiser. But if anyone murdor3 me he won't get much for his trouble." It was not a pleasant thought, and it was a curious coincidence that as tho words shaped themselves in his mind he should see some fifty foet in front of him and just within his limited range of sight a man lying " all of a heap " on the damp grass beside his path. He started. His first idea was that ho had come upon the victim of a murder, or perhaps a suicide. His se'oo'rid, a much more likely one, was that the figure prostrate upon the grass was that of a drunken man, who had fallen there while blundering and staggering home. "He will get his death of. cold," ho thought, "if he is left lying there in the fog. I must shake the poor fellow upandtry to put him on his legs again," and he walked briskly on until he stood beside the fallen man. ;' " Get up', my good fellow," he said, 11 this is a bad place . to choose for night quarters. , , Get up and he gave him a rather unceremonious shove with his foot;-- The man lay still on his face.' Match wood bent down, took him by the arm, and with a.- half cross, '.' Get up, will you ? " gave him an upward jerk in the. hope- of starting him to 'his feet. He only succeeded in lifting the man's head and shoulders from the ground, and: as he caught a glimpse of tho -face he -let him go 'agam with a start. That face was all shattered and dis figured and covered with fresh blood, dark grime of powder and dull- spots of earth from the wet ground. As he re leased his hold, the man rolled half on his side and lay with his. neck twisted round and that terrible face turned almost upward. Matchwood, master ing ; the growing sense of horror, dropped on one knee and scanned it carefully. He could easily make out that a shot fired close to the right temple had .-torn its way across behind the eyes. The left side of the face was almost blown out and blood oozed from the mouth. There was no need .to feel for. the pulse and 'to push the hand under the waistcoat ovor the still heart in order to be sure that he was dead. HI. Men 'are selfish creatures. As Mr. Matchwood bent over the corpse the overpowering .horror of the discovery suddenly gave way to more pleasant feeling. For him the all-important aspect of the situation- was that the dead man meantj " copy ." and plenty of it. He was in the position of a gold-digger whose shovel has suddenly uncovered a big nugget. Hero -was something for the, Comet that would' retrieve his position with Mr. Wal singham. Then with swift revulsion came the- chilling thought that he had made the discovery just' an hour too late. Down in Fleet-street .and the Strand the newsboys were already yelling out, " Exirs-e-e Speshull " and the Comet-carts wore rattling away to supply suburban newsvendors. All was over for the day at the Comet office. It was, to say the least, annoying that such a chance should be lost. True, he might - hasten ' to .a news agency or one of the offices of the great daily papers and write half a column, or so, but, what would be the gain of this? It was just the kind of thing that he could work up into two or throe columns for to-morrow's Comet, with glorious headlines and a splendid bill to send off a whole edition before any of the other evening papers had a line about it. But if this' was to. be done it must at any hazard, bo kept, out of the dailies. ' A light broke upon him. Why not drag the corpse ,to a. - neighboring thicket, hide it there for' this night and say nothing to the police till early ri'exb'day ? The man was dead,hope- lessly and completely dead. ' A little delay. about the inquest 'coulci'do him no hurm ;,nor could. there be any. seri ous objection to clearing out his pockets and taking home'the results of the search in order to get a clue to his identity and the motive for ; the tragedy. Yes, there was a wallet in his breast pocket and a case; of cigarettes ; a few shillings in the vest, and a watch with a steel chain. These last might be left where? they were for the night, The wallet, or pocket-book, . Mr. Match word secured ; it meant "copy." - Then he half dragged; half carried the body "to a neighboring clump/of trees.-' . J IV. . : . : V How the newsboys ran along Fleet- street and up'Ludgate Hill ! How'the newscarts dashed of! to all points of the compass from that centre of light, the Comet office ! " 'Orrible murder in Regent's Park !'' yelled the boys, and they, waved a bill that made everyone ' who read it dive into his pocket for a spare half penny. . "The Comet — Second Edition — Horrible Murder in' Regent's Park— A Comet Man Finds the Corpse .This Morning—The Police on the Track — Sanguinary Details!" Mr. Walsingham was wild with ex citement. He had ordered in a whole bottle of whisky to celebrate the event. He had told Harper, the sub editor, that he always believed in Matchwood ; that the fellow was ' a brick, and that he would double his salary as soon as he arrived with the promised further details for the third edition. ' < The bottle and glasses disappeared into a friendly cupboard, and the editor was seated, pen in hand, before, a mass of papers, as Superintendent Wilkins of the Metropolitan Police, entered. > " Good morning, Mr. Superinten- dent," said Walsingham. " I am fear fully busy, but I can just manage to spare you three minutes. I suppose you want us to give you further infor mation about tho murder ?" "That's just it, sir," said Mr. Super intendent Wilkins ; " we don't know anything about this murder." " Always thp way," said Walsing ham, standing up with his back to the fire and surveying the policeman with a look of good-humored contempt. " Wo newspaper men have to do tho work of tho police, the church and the Government nowadays. Surely we havo given you plenty of information about the murder already. Wo shall give you more news presently in a special third edition. My men are out ascertaining the facts," " But look here," said the Superin tendent, pulling out a copy of tiie Comet from his pocket ; " we're not so sure that there has been a murder. Leastways, we've- not heard a word about it, though you say hero in this paper of yours that the police at Albany-street stotion were promptly warned of the discovery and took charge of the body.' All the rest may be true ; I don't say it ain't. But that's not gospel. We've wired to Albany-street, and they know nothing about it." The editor put on a particularly severe and judicial look, making a great effort to hide the chilly, nervous feeling that sw.ept over him as he heard the Superintendent's words and thought of his own threats to Mr. Matchwood the night, before. , . '? The fact," he said, gravely, "the fact that your people kriew nothing about it proves very little. What you say about Albany-street is interesting, and shall be noted- and commented upon in our third edition, which will also contain further particulars of this ghastly crime." " It looks very like a ghastly sell, " interrupted the superintendent. "If you care to see our reporter," Mr. "Walsingham continued, without noticing the interrupton, " you may call here again in an hour. Mean while you must excuse my wishing you good morning. I am exceptionally busy." \- " "Here you are at last. Why couldn't you have got hero sooner?' was the greeting with which the editor received the reporter not ten minutes after the departure of the Superinten dent of Police. ,. "Why not?" replied Matchwood, just a little nervously. "Well, the fact is I was trying to find the corpse again." ' "What tho devil do you mean? Don't you try to humbug me," roared Walsingham, springing to his feet arid throwing the black pipe into the grate. But Matchwood had recovered his self-possession and assumed an un wonted coolness as he said ; " Don't make a row. If you do it will only complicate and delay mat ters. ' If you will hear me quietly I can explain everything. and- show you how we may yet scor9 heavily." " Go on." "Well, every word of my copy wa3 gospel truth -except the hour of the find, and the last part— that - part about the police taking possession of the body. Now, I expected to make that bit quite true before, you could get out your first edition. You see, I found the corpse, not this morning, but last night. That was how I was able to send my stuff in by . the night post." "I never thought of that," said Walsingham reflectively. "Well, I wasn't going to go and tell the police right away the moment I found the corpse, for then the morn ing papers would have bagged all the news. Of course I had to tell a blank lie about the hour, for it would hardly do to let on that I had been hiding the body all night." ' Where,?'' In your rooms ?" asked Walsingham, slightly horrified at the idea. ' " No, not exactly — in some bushes in the park. When I wrote the stuff for you I meant to go off the first thing to find the body again, and let the police at Al bany-street know. But when I got to the place there was not a trace of the corpse to be seen." , " My good sir, you are romancing, " said the editor severely. " Not a bit of it. Look here," and Matchwood plunged his hand into his breastpocket. "Look at this.. Here .is the poor devil's pocketbook, and it's full of letters, and there is a photo of a girl, and some Russian papers that I can't read, but they look like pass ports, or something official. I give you my word I took the lot out of his pocket." "Look here. Match wood," said Wal singham, "if what you say is true, and they find the corpse, you run a fair risk of being strung up as the original assassin. That will motto another special early edition for us. 'How it feels to be hanged. Personal experi ences of a Comet Man.' Good line for the bill — eh?'1 Thanks, but I hope to manage better than that, I might hand this to the police at once and put them ori the track, but if you don't mind I will go off to. a translation bureau and get these ' Russian papers and letters examined. Then we can givs a full account of the contents of the victim's pockotbook in our Extra Speoial, and let the bobbies have the stuff when we are done with it. .What do you say to that 1" "I say you are a brick," replied Walsingham, taking his hand. Match wood's manner had quite convinced him that his story was true. " Whee-ew," came a whistle up the porter's tube. " It's that infernal policeman baok again to spoil everything," said Wal singham. . But he hud guessed wrongly. VI. The visitor was a man who pro fessed to have important information to impart. Speaking through the tube he flatly refused to come up and see the editor. He would only see the' reporter who had found the body — he could toll him where it was. When Walsingham and Matchwood heard this last offer, spoken up tho tube in ' a muffled voice, they felt that the man at the other end of it really knew something. I Thoro was a ' tall man, with sharp features and a short, light beard, standing at tho porter's lodge. He, was very well and carefully dressed, and lie was smoking a cigarette. | "lam Mr. Matchwood," ' said the j reporter ; " you want to see me about i my report of the thurder ?" . " Yes," replied the stranger, speak ing with a touch of a foreign accent ; " there is no need of my introducing myself,- but it's awkward talking with-- out some kind of, n name. Call me Mr. Smith; it. will do; as well as any other." ; " Well, we can hardly talk here," suggested Matchwood ; ' ' "it's too draughty and too public. And that reminds me, there is . a quiet place of refreshment just around the corner. Let us go there." "No," said Mr. "Smith," "many thanks, buir you must come with me. I have a hansom waiting." In another ' minute they were driving westward.' 'As they left the Comet, office Superintendent Wilkins walkeed'in. ' Mr. " Smith " had a suite of rooms on the first - floor. ' There was a handsomely-furnished sitting-room, with ' another r.ooin opening off it. In the outer room ' a lady in travelling dress— a 'neat' tweed tailor-made gown, and a- helmet cap — was bending over the table, putting some papers into' a'hatidbag. She looked up with a start as the two men entered, and-Matchwood could not help fixing his gaze on her somewhat rudely, for he saw at- the first glance that she was no other than tho girl whose portrait was among the papers in the dead man's .wallet. Mr. " Smith " spoke to her in some strange tongue. She replied in the same language, with a touch of querulous complaint in her voice. " Then she gathered up her papers and went into the inner room, closing the door after her. ' ' ' - ' ' "Excuse me," said Mr. Smith, " I was talking of some private matters. And now for business.- But you will try a glass of this liquor first. You will find it excellent." ' He took a' small bottle from the cabinet and poured out two tiny glasses of the liqueur. - " It's- first-rate Chartreuse," he said, and Matchwood sipped the green, oilyfluid, and thought it was the strongest stuff he had ever tasted. \ - "Now," Smith began; "you talk of some "papers in your report. Let me see them, I daresay I can help you to understand them, and then we can straighten out the whole story. Of course the Comet will let me have something substantial for all this, and you shall have your fair share.", Matchwood began to think Mr. Smith was a capital fellow. He pro duced the wallet and opened it on the table. " I was going to take these papers to a translation .bureau when you called," said Matchwood. "I cau save you the'; trouble," said Smith ; " they are " Russian official documents. If you. will write front dictation you will see how it was that wretched man came to be executed. This isa passport- in the riame'of Feodor Gheorgieff of Bresc Litovski. That is a fortress in the Polish quadrilateral. Now, I dare say we shall find among these-pdpers some hint of the business that brought him to England." . Matchwood, in a- state of calm content, with a vague feeling that tho Chartreuse was very strong and that he was getting some splendid " oopy " for the extra special, watched with quiet indiffer ence while Smith turned all the papers out of the wallet and sorted and piled them in a little heap upon the table. The best thing that came out was the girl's photograph. " Smith" growled out something that sounded like an outlandish oath, and put the photo in his breast pocket, t. " Pardon me," remonstrated Match- word, "but we shall . want that picture to make a process block for-to-morrow's paper." . . Smith's pleasant manner suddenly changed. He sprang to his feet. " D ' your impudence !" he said. " ThiSi portrait belongs to me," and then- patting his long, bony hand down upon the papers, he continued, "and so do these letters. Don't you try to meddle with them or with me. You are at;' my mercy. That door is locked. That bell-push is disconnected. I could stab you and look you in here, and no one would bo the wiser for hours to come.".; . Mr. Matchwood felt a. cold chill run through him and, knew his color was gone,, though he. could nob see his face in the big .mirror. But he was neither rash ,-,nor -heroic in - temperament, and he capitulated' at Once. '' "Take .them au-au-all," he stam mered, " I don't want to quarrel. Let me out of this with my life. Though I am going out a ruined man, for my employers won't believe' a word of my story."- ; Smith gathered up the -letters and lit a cigarette.' " Better you should be ruined than I should be hanged,", he said, quietly, as he pocketed the papers and threw the empty wallet into the fire. "But I. am not going to ruin you. You . have done. -me and my friends. a very good turn. Quite apart from grati tude we must soe what we can do for you, for if we can't make it to your interest to keep quiet we should have to quiet you forever ; and, to tell the truth; I don't like 1 more of that business than is absolutely necessary. You had a narrow escape last night. You, came upon us like a ghost out of the fog just as the job was done, and we were thinking of settling your account, until we saw you hiding the body of that scoundrel so neatly for us. We kept a watch on you, and we came for it again after dark, and it's safely disposed of now." "I don't want to hear any more about it," gasped Matchwood. "It was my cursed luck to find it. Let the Herald and tho Mayfair Gazette and all the rest of them say the Oomet has been hoaxed. I'll tell old Wal singham, that confounded brute of an editor, v that I have hoaxed hifn. We had a quarrel last night, and it will relieve mo. I shall be chucked and never get a job again in London," he added, ruefully. " The only consola tion is that they will chuck Walsing ham the same day." " It seems to work out very nicely," said Smith, puffing at his cigarette. ' '! Now you must excuse me. I have a train to catch. As your journalistic insight will suggest, I am leaving London, the business I came for being concluded. Bub as I said, it is my interest to provide for you. You agree to let this affair be treated as a clumsy hoax, and I promise you that you shall have your passage, to New York and ; fairly good work for you to take up when you arrive. If you don't see your way to that if may be very dis agreeable for you. If you agree and feel toinpted to break your bargairi, remember what happened to the man you found in the park." Matchwood shuddered. "I will agree to anything," he said. " I should like to get away from London." Very well ; hero are fivo sovereigns — gold tells no tales. ' You go back to your office now and get the row over. If you disappeared without seeing your editor the police would think some thing had really happened. You throw up your situation to-morrow ondgd' over to Antwerp. : At the Poste Re- stante you will find a lett'er with more money in it and a ticket for New York by one of the White Star line of boats. ? And now, good-bye;: .What a pleasant chat we have had I : So glad to have met you ! You will hear from me at New York ; there will be another letter for you at the Poste Itestante there ; I will arrange matters and the North German steamer will got out there with the letter before your ship can get across," VII. There was something like a - panic- in the editorial sanctum of the Comet when Matchwood returned without any papers or any new information. " I have fooled you long enough," ho said to Walsing ham. " That chap who came a while ago was a chum of mine, and was in the game. You said you wanted a sensation. Well, you have got it with a vengeance. I am sick of this hole of a place, and I am sick of your con founded' paper. I am going to look for a better job." " You don't mean it's all a plant ?" said Walsingham, with a look ; of ab ject dread. " If it is you go to. Bow- street for obtaining money under false pretences." ' Mr. Walsingham was soon after in search of regular employment. Mr.. Matchwood now enjoys the dignified position of exchange editor in a New York newspaper office, and among other English papers he deals with the files of the Comet. This often sets him, thinking of his dangerous adven ture. He wonders what was the motive', of .the crime. He sometimes inclines to think it was jealousy, and that the girl he saw at the hotel was the " lady in the case." But, on the whole, he is rather of opinion that the underground politics of Europe had some connection- with the affair, that Gheorgieff was a traitor to his com rades, and that possibly the girl was the means of luring him to his doom, betraying him to the messengers of the vengeance. In Fleet- street they still tell how some years ago a cute reporter (he is generally described as- a Yankee) met a threat of dismissal by neatly hoist ing the editor of the Comet with his own petard. — W. D. Endebby in Black and w iiite. 