THE SKETCHER. AU NATURE!.. br An Exiled Victorian. Some time, und somewhere, in my many wanderings by sea and land, 1 sat beside a commonplace untravelled little woman, whose dislike to the intricacies of foreign cookery was on a par with her ignorance ol any language except her own. One phrase of Trench, in leed, she managed to possess her self ot which proved invaluable. She told me she had a guiding rule, the rigid ob servance of which pr served her from starva tion in the midst of a tantalising and abhor rent plenty, and that this rule was to pick out for tier sustenance only such dishes as were marked au naturel in the menu, or, if none such appeared, to point out the name of some meat or vegetable therein inscribed, and insist on having it prepared au naturel for her refectiou. 1 have been reminded of her lately by the fact that for the last five weeks 1 have been living au naturel at all points, and with the most satisfactory results. Nizza la bella, my winter home, with her constant sunshine and flowers, and orca sionai siroccos, mistrals, and other imperfec tions which her worshippers agree as tar as possible to ignore, lias rather an enervating effect, morally and physically, on unwary mortals who linger too long amid her en chant menis, aud if it were not that we members of la colome etrangere fly off to more bracing climes when the_ first breath of summer sweeps over the Mediterranean, we should soon degenerate into wretched nerve less creatures, mad • up of irritable tempers and more or less imaginary pains and aches. To avert such a calamity in my own case and in those ot my iielougings, we have this season fixed our summer a.uarters in a Swiss village high up in the mountains, within a day's journey of Mont Blanc. Salvan is the name of this delightful old-world sojourn, and as a monster hotel has already reached its third story, and engineers are at work surveving the line which is to connect it with Montreux, I should like to fix some of its characteristics in print while, it is still aw naturel, and before its native simplicity and charm are destroyed by too easy communica tion with the outer world. The village, though at a considerable elevation, is shut in at all sides by further heights, some of them eternally snow crowned. The chalets are huddled together anyhow, without regard to order or sym metry, each proprietor appearing to decide for himself, altogether independently of his neighbour, whether his look-out and front door shall be east or west, south or north. These chalets are generally ornamented with vivid green shutters, and are built on piles as high as a man, to lift them above the winter snow. Most of them have two stories, the lower one of which >s either the stable, where the much-loved cow spends the entire winter, or a hay-loft to store hay for her support. As almost everyone of the villagers is a relative or connection of the rest, I suppose there is some friendly j arrangement whereby it Pierre houses Jean's i cow and calf, Jean gives shelter to Pierre's hay and potatoes. The main road which runs through Salvan ! and is the direct route to Chamonix has ! some pretence to architectural propriety, for I the houses face each other in the ordinary j way. Here stands the parish church in the j middle,by the graveyard. This little cemetery , (like atl the surrounding country), is so up ; and down that it seems doubtful whether j the departed villagers, after their lives! of incessant toil, have even the poor I privilege of lying Hat in their graves j for their long last sleep. Here also are three j hotel pensions, filied to overflowing with ; tourists, a large proportion of whom are j British. Here is the Maison de Commune, \ the presbytery, a restaurant, a burette, and ' half- a-dozen shops. Between the principal hotels the mountain road, which is elsewhere so narrow as to barely allow of two vehicles passing each other, widens into a place, in the middle of which is an enormous water trough, fed by two ever-flowing streams full ing from pipes of burnished brass. Here, irom sunrise until long after sundown, centres all the life of the village. Of all places I have ever lived in, Salvan is, I think, the earliest and the noisiest, though Nice in good weather is as difficult to catch asleep as the proverbial weasel. At about quarter to 4 the church hells clang out the reveille with a fierce insistence very trying to the temper of visitors who do not mean to leave their beds for the next three or tour hours. No sooner has one settled to rest once more after this rude awakening than the goatherd ca Is his scattered "flock together with strident blasts of his horn. He has brought them down from the heights the evening before to be milked, and now leads them back to pasture on rocky cliffs where scanty herbage can by no possibility be gathered and dried into hay, as is the fate of all accessible grass in Swit zerland. The rendezvous for this lively fathering is iii the Place, and as each of the hundred or so goats wears a bell, the din is simply deafening. But annoying hb is this stampede, few people while they are new to Salvan can resist getting up to have a peep at their gambols, and at most windows of the hotels heads pop out without having gone through the ceremony of hair-dressing. Under these circumstances it will he easily understood that friendly greetings are not considered good form at this undress hour, and only a very audacious vis-a-vis would presume to hurl an officious "good morning" across the road. The goatherd's wages for the season, which lasts from May to November, are 100 francs (£4 sterling), with board and residence in Aurn with each of his patrons—not a magni ficent stipend truly, but the rule in un sophisticated Salvan is still low wages und Bard work. Shortly after the goats are dis posed of, the. church bells rtng again for early pa ass. Salvan is in the strictly Catholic 'canton of Valais, and all its inhabi tants . without exception belong to the old faith. In the meantime tire house mothers have been washing their tubs and their potatoes, their milk-pails and their cabbages, in the great trough, and the maids from the hotels have been carrying tubs filled with melted snow to unreasonable Anglaises, who cannot be happy without their morning hath. Mine is delicious, and as briskand revivifying as the mountain breezes, but my absolute enjoyment of it is marred by my knowledge of its having been carried up two steep fiurhts'bf stone stairs on the head of a young girl. However, the smiling maid who brings it to me appears to be quite un j&ware; that her lot iB a bard one, for she has been contentedly doing the same kind of work ever since she was a mite of ten years old. Wheelbarrows are unknown in this part of the world, and the peasants, men, women, and children, spend much of their time toiling under heavy burdens which they invariably carry on their heads. Not only the water which they need for house hold purposes, and which they poise in wooden tulis as gracefully as Eastern women carry their jars, hut huge bundles of Iviy, stacks of firewood, piles of vegetables, and. horrible to say, enormous flat baskets filled with stable manure. I have seen a woman with a wooden cradle, baby and all, on her head, walking unconcernedly to a neigh bouring village over a road so steep that 1 found it difficult to climb it even with the aid of my alpenstock. This particular woman (with so precious a burden) was not knitting as she walked, hut when they are nor, too heavily laden they generally have a stocking on hand. The stone for the monster hotel now building has been carried up a great part of the mountain on men's heads, as well as the slates and beams of wood, and it is quite a usual thing for women as well as men to act as porters, and march up the mountain side with the visitors' heavy luggage on their heads. If I were to send photographs of the enormous haystacks which the peasantry here carry home from the fields on their heads, and if Mr. Editor were to illustrate this sketch for tne, I should he accused of telling travellers' tales, and making fictitious portraits, so I shall leave you to imagine them for your selves, feeling certain, however, that no one who has not seen them will imagine them half the size which they really are. One baneful effect ot this system of turn ing human beings into beasts of burden is tiiat the women as well as the men, and, indeed, even earlier than the men, become painfully bald. Among the maids who wait on us at table there is a girl of three or four and twenty, who has much to do to cover her skull decently. If it were not for her extreme good nature and desire to do all she possibly can to please us, poor Catherine would present a most unsightly appearance, but her beaming expression and anxiety to give satisfaction almost, though not quite, make up for the scantiness of her locks. Catherine and other young women of Salvan dispose of what hair remains to them in the same fashion as ancient gentlemen some times adopt, brushing a long wisp deftly over the crown; hut the landlady's mother-in law, who has long ago outlived the vanities of youth, goes about till midday with her head as bare as a week-old baby's. The Valais national costume, which is as ugly as it well can be (unlike the extremeiy pic turesque costume of Vaud, Bern, and many of the other cantons), provides for matrons a close-fitting black silk cap trimmed with lace, and such a one Madame Mere dons in the afternoon; but in the morning, before she has made her toilette, her appearance is start itigly ugly. Another reason, beyond the main one of carrying burdens on the head! tends to make the Salvan women bald. From the time a little girl is three or four years old until she arrives at the lamentable position of our old landlady, the liair is divided in the middle, drawn back as tightly as possible, and wound in bard little plaits round the j head. Not the faintest indication of a fringe is to be seen on a native head in the whole of the village, nor the | ghost of a hiouse. The dress for matron, maid, and baby girl alike is of black or darkest shade of brown, skirt cut straight, and just j reaching the ankle, bodice closely fitting and of many 6eams. A small coloured silk | handkerchiel is worn round the neck, and a violet or black apron ot the same length as ! the skirt. These aprons are in woollen | materi il or silk, according to the condition of the wearer. Almost all the girls and children | wear black hats of a shape which sits firmly on the head, and over the black silk cap of the married women towers the preternaturally ugly hat of the canton. These hats go down from mother to daughter ; they are something like a man's in shape, and tiave a kind of balcony arrangement of wide black brocaded rihlion standing round them. But 1 would rather speak of their wonder-! fully kindly ways, their hospitality, their I genuine eoodness of heart, than of their ex-1 tremelv ugly clothes. Everywhere you go you | are met with smiling bon jour*, with gracious I words and kindly deeds. The spirit of j greed, and the desire of getting the better of strangers, which is so unlovely an attribute of the Xicois, is hateful to me, and it is a keen enjoyment alter that experience to find myself among people so honest and friendly as these simple peasants. Often when I am on an exploring expedition up the mountains I I meet bands of them with the inevitable bundles on their heads. Not being much of a mountaineer, 1 suppose the slow rate at which I get on suggests that I am tired, or ill, for sometimes a voice coming out of a bundle of hay asks if Madame se trouvefaiiguee ? If I reply that I, who have no bundle, have no right to be tired, they say, " Ah ! but you were not born in the mountains ; and be sides, look at your boots." I do not know why my boots, which weigh so much less than theirs, should be an excuse for being tired ; but they evidently believe I would get on better with thick-nailed brogues. One day, when 1 was really tired, a good woman stopped to see if she could do anything to help me. " Cannot I carry anything for you?" she asked. "Well, no, I am afraid not, as I have nothing in my hand," I replied. " Could you not at least take off a petticoat and let me carry it?" sheauggested; "you look so hot" Bowls of goat's inilk, cherries, flowers, seats in the shade, are ottered with ready good wiil, and it is difficult and sometimes impossible to get these poor people, with whom money is so scarce, to take anything in return for these civilities. " We have so little to offer, do not altogether deprive us of the pleasure of giving," said one of them to me one day, with the wonderful air of natural good breeding which unsophisticated peasants so often possess. We dwellers in the hotels and out lying chalets—for though we all eat in common, our bed and board are often far separate—doubtless appear to tbe peasants to revel in the lap of luxury, but to ourselves we pose as semi- martyrs, giving up all superflui ties of life and contenting ourselves with the bare necessities of civilised beings, in order to breathe the mountain air. Our bedrooms are exquisitely clean—are we not constantly shutoutof them that they may be scrubbed ?— but the furniture is of the scantiest. A few pegs in the door serve for wardrobe, and we are among the fortunate ones if our trunks are not called upon to fulfil tbe office of chest of drawers. Nothing less uncompro mising than a high-backed cane chair is to be found to sit on, and the disfiguring square foot of framed glass which does duty lor a mirror hardly tempts the handsomest among us to gaze long at the arrange ment of her hair. People of an indolent and self-indulgent nature might find it incon venient to wade quarter of a mile through rain and mud to a dinner which, while it is wholesome and fairly well cooked, would not tempt an epicure, or might fret at being still unsupplied with soup while their opposite neighbour was eating cheese and stewed fruit off the same plate. But most of the eighty people who make up our little society at our special pension are either well bred Britishers who do not grumble at trifles, or under-bred Swiss shopkeepers who are no better served at home. A compensation to me for all minor evils is the wonderfully kindly spirit of the house. Landlady, maids, porter, cAe/(for we have u chef, in white cap and jacket), are one and all ready to do any thing they can for us. Catherine almost weeps if we nnss a single dish at supper, and if one of us suffers from any of the slight maladies which cannot even in the mountains he escaped, the whole village, in cluding M. Le Cure and M. Le Vicaire, are absolutely at our service to get, or do, or send for anything that can better us. Ami so I am greatly in love with lite o« natnrcl, and look forward with misgivings to the quickly- ! approaching time when 1 must return to the I artificial life of cities. 