Labor in TraraiL THE 'ORACLE' WORKED BY HOLMAN, ROSA, DODD, & €0. ON THE CENTRAL COMMITTEE. SOME STARTLING STATEMENTS. THE 'SOLED' PARTY SHAKY. Labor is its own -worst enemy j and though the advocates of the party preach and strive after unity, it re remains the party of divisions and dis cords. Ever since the notorious November Conference of the Labor Electoral Leagues — at which the first pitched battle over the solidarity pledge was fought — the breach between the two contending fac tions has been widening, and as the estrangement became more marked the mutual feelings of bitter ness and hostility grew deeper and more intense. It should be stated that the two contending factions have really very little political or economic differences between them ; the vast majority of them are socialists, some of a very extreme sort, while the minority, who have lately been tabooed by the majority, are a nondescript crew made up of colorless, unconscious socialists,, who fancy that they are individualists, with here and there a stray fanatical single-taxer or a vague ' mental ' anarchist thrown in by way of variety. The majority -wanted the whole of the Labor League candidates to be bound by a cast-iron pledge, binding them if elected to vote in Parlia ment in accordance with the dictates of a majority of the Par liamentary Labor Caucus. The leaders of the ' solid ' men is a Mr. W. A. Holman, a voluble young socialist lecturer, who contested Leichhardt at the last election as a ' solid ' candi date, but -was defeated by Mr. Haw thorne, the freetrader. Mr. Holman, although he iias not been in the country much more than four or five years, and is not much over 23 years of age. has acquired considerable in fluence among the workers, which, however, he seems in some danger of losing. At present he is the secretary of the Railway and Tramway Em ployees' Association, the position for merly held by Mr. Schey, M.L.A. By trade he is a joiner. He it was who at the conference acted as representa tive and spokesman of the Central Committee of the Labor Elec toral League , moving and carrying all the proposals of the Central Com mittee, chief among which was the obnoxious ' cast-iron ' pledge. His chief henchmen on this occasion were the redoubtable ' Tommy ' Dodd, now undergoing imprisonment in Dubbo Gaol for criminal libel (in a now defunct paper called Justice) on Mr. Slatterv, the Minister for Justice ; Macn.am.ara, also doing time for libelling the Savings Bank in another publication called Haed Cash, like wise defunct j and the' equally well known Mr. Rosa, the Domain socialistic orator. With these men behind him Mr. Holman man aged to carry a majority of the conference with him, greatly to the disgust ' of the Labor members, who charged their accusers of wanting to ' jump their claims.' This charge was not without the color of truth, «rhich subsequent events have only tended to strengthen.. The whole of THE MISERABLE SQUABBLE then bore, and still bears, the appear ance of a selfish wrangle between the ' ins ' and the ' outs.' Overtures ?and interviews innumerable were made for settling or compromising the difficulty, but neither side seemed desirous of healing the breach. The ' ins ' were as determined to retain place and pay, if possible, as were the ' outs ' to seize upon them in their own behoof. Consequently the battle -which began at the November Conference was continued at the general election, when the Central Committee ran a nominee 6f its own against every labor candidate who refused to sign the ' cast-iron ' pledge. The result has been most disastrous to labor in a mere numerical sense, because, whereas at the preceding general election of 1891 no less than 35 labor candidates -were returned by big majorities, at the last election only 24 labor candidates were returned, and the bulk of these only slipped in by bare majorities, which in almost every case was a minority of the total number of votes polled. Besides this, the Labor party is more widely sundered into opposing factions than ever. Some of the most prominent and energetic members of Hie old party who have been returned refused to sign the pledge, and were returned in spite of the determined opposition of the Central Committee of the Labor Electoral League. These number eight or nine at the least, among them being Black (Gipps), Schey (Darling ton), Edden (Kahibah), Gardiner (Ashburnham), Cook (Hartley), Nicholson (Woronora), Brown ' (Con dobolin), Newman (Orange), and Hollis (Goulburn). This is a very respectable array of dissidents who oppose the pledged ' solids ' of the L.E.L., who are variously stated to number from 14 to 18. The feeling of bitter hostility engendered against the 'pledged ''members by tiie action of the CENTEAI, COMMITTEE 'BOSSES' has been deepened by the fact that. a majority, or at least a considerable number, of the prominent members of that committee were candidates for Parliament themselves. These are accused of using their position to 'euchre' local L.EX. candidates in various electorates by getting them selves nominated in their places. As ~a matter. of fact, if tbds -was the chief object of their labors, they succeeded admirably ? in many instances. Wherever they dared theytan pledged candidates against the bona fide nominees of the locaLlabor leagues, as well as against bogus labor candidates. Mr. Holman opposed Mr. G. D. Clark in Leiehhardt, Mr. Hughes opposed J. D. Fitz-Gerald in Lang, A. Thompson opposed A. J. Kelly in Denison, Mr. Beeby opposed Mr. Lonsdale in Armi dale, and S. A. Rosa opposed Mr. Donald M'Donnell for the Barwon. All these were members or nominees of the Central Committee. But their character and influence will be best understood when it is stated that -where they are best known there they had the least success, as is shown by the fact that in all the Sydney and suburban electorates they only suc ceeded in returning one ' pledged ' man — Mr. Hughes (Lang) — all the other 'solids' coming from the country. Between the pledged and^ unpledged members there is WAB TO THE KNIFE apparently. The acuteness of this internecine strife is shown by the fact that the ' solids' denounce the unpledged Labor members as 'traitors,' refuse to admit them into the caucus, or to recognise their leader, Mr. Joseph Cook, in any way. The ever meddling and aggressive Central Com mittee on their part have resolved to boycott and repudiate the Aus tralian Workman, the hitherto recognised official organ of the Labor Electoral League, as -well as of the Trades and Labor Council, because that organ has dared 1 to criticise the Central Committee, and to approve the conduct of those labor candidates 'who refused to be bound by the ' cast-iron' pledge. But worse than all this comes the information that the newly-elected ' solid ' Labor party is not a happy family, and that already it is begin ning to be torn with divergent opinions and rival- jealousies which seem to threaten THE MUCH-VAUNTED ' SOLIDARITY ' for which so many sacrifices have been made. The present perilous position of the N.S.W. Labor party and the true nature of the disputes by which it is divided cannot be better described than they are in the follow ing interesting, and at the same time instructive, account aiven bv one of their most prominent members who moves in and out amongst them, and whose business it is to be constantly behind the scenes. Here is what he says : ' BOSS ' HOLMAJT. Ever since the November Confer ence Holman has practically under taken the whole conduct of the busi ness of the Central Committee. He has been running the show for his own political benefit and that of his friends. No one could get a nomina tion for a constituency except he had Holman's imprimatur. He and his friends on the Cen tral Committee formed what they ?termed a propagandnm committee, the chief task of which seemed to be the recommendation of candidates for country constituencies, and also of working themselves and their nominees into city constituencies wherever that was possible. Labor leagues were formed on the quiet in various electorates in all sorts of out of the way places, and their existence kept a secret from all except the 8 or 10 persons of whom it consisted. The object of this secresy was to pre vent th.e membership increasing until such time as the labor candidate had been selected by the baker's half dozen of members. For instance, a certain candidate was selected in this way for Belmore, but owing to certain caustic references in a weekly paper he dropped out. But though not con sidered fit to be a_candidate he was thought to be good enough to go about the country, at the Lord knows whose expense, as an organiser for the Central Oommittee. In some cases any man who wanted to be a candidate would enlist .the services of this precious ' organiser of the workers ' in order to bring about his own selection. THE PLEDGE BUSINESS. Now, as to this wretched pledge business. The -whole trouble was really brought about by the opposition of Helman and his crowd, including « Tommy ' Dodd, Rosa, Macnamara, and Company to everything and anything said or done by the Labor members in the late Parliament whether in or out of the 'House. These were treated in a most insolent and brutally domineering manner, aB witness the treatment meted out to them at the November Conference, when they de clared that all the old Labor party ought to be swept out of the way to make room for better men, meaning their own precious selves. Some of them have since found their proper places inside our gaols. No man who was not willing to sign the pledge and beseech the patronage of this clique of self-installed ' bosses ' had any favor or quarter shown him — he was relent lessly -pursued with the ' undying . hostility ' of these men, which, seeing ?who they are or were, was more to be desired than their eternal friendship. The reckless manner in which these men on the Central Committee have jeopardised and lost safe labor seats constitutes the most fl^rrming com mentary on their methods and motives. They ran amuck of all and sundry who would not bow to their impudent and petty tyranny. No matter who he -was, or by whom he was supported, if he did not bow the knee to Baal, he was accursed. For instance, such genuine men. as labor candidate Don ald M'Donnell, in the Barwon, -who had the solid support of the Shearers' and General Laborers' Unions, must be opposed because he could not sign the Holman-Dodd-Rosa pledge. And who, ; above all others, opposed himP Why, the socialist Rosa! Rosa never' had a ghost of a show, and as the Central Committee knew, the only result that could come out of his candidature was to put in. Willis. If Rosa -was not recognised by Willis as the candidate of Willis, then is dis cerning gratitude extinct on -this ter i restrial globe. Yet, in spite of this 1 fact. J . ©resume that Rosa will still continue to pose in the Domain on Sundays as the dear disinterested friend of Labor ! In spite of the disaster -which they were wittingly or unwittingly bringing on the Labor cause, they le sented remonstrance or criticism as treachery. About a month, before the general election their own official organ, the Australian Work man, requested them to ' go slow ' or else they would land labor in Tophefr. But the advice went unheeded, -with the result already seen. But the journal in question is to be punished for its fidelity to the cause. Happily for labor, however, there is a disposition being evinced by the more genuine and mature men in the movement to get rid of the Holman incubus. These recognise that a cer tain amount of experience and discre tion is required even in Labor politics, and that, therefore, the control of the movement must be taken out . of the hands of men who not only show rash igno rance, but have been convicted of in trigues ?with the National Association, and of accepting money from, at least, one N.A. candidate and of making overtures to support another. As to the discretion of the new ' solid ' men, some of them arealready making themselves suspect by their inconsiderate utterances as to the future of the party. Others of them, before the caucus has met, have begun intriguing1 -with the old parties. It has been publicly stated, and not denied, that Meesrs. Hughes and Griffith have had an interview with Mr. Slattery and Mr. Kidd, and that two others have been closeted with, the Premier dis cussing the terms upon which the ' solids ' would give |their support to this discredited Dibbs Government. 