LOOKING BACKWARD A Retrospect of Victoria during 1893—' The Political, Monetary, Social, Commercial and Industrial Happenings of the past Year— Iftta. .Progres6 of Mining, Agriculture; Pastoral Pursuits and ManufacturM-- Chat with the Representative .At Australia's Staple ; Pursuits — " Agrlcola" -.New Methods .of Farming — The "Economist" argues on the Finaneia' Condition the Province — Ths Record Of the Morgue. (CoPifight—The Federal Association of jfonmaUstsJ THE_year 1893 has undoubtedly proved to the pessimist much that his carping soul delights in, for in good truth little has obtained towards-the improvement or extrication from the slough of . despondency . and consequent depression with which it was ushered in . Revelations' of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial institutions have . been '-common, and the' pens -of the diurnal and "hebdomadal sprites have been pushed - along at high-pressure speed in their efforts to record the rotten ess of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial - quid nuncs ambiguously advised their friends that such-and-such. a bank would be the next to go, and their prognostications, unfortu nately, proved only ..too true. The "busy haunts of men " were peopled with victims of the financial crisis, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces hurrying along to the banks they were.; interested in. to find the doors . closed.'- The-jtorreiit of indignation became tiiigid, - public meeting were held, affairs discussed, - depositors and -shareholders, in :. many., instances, were bewildered by _ the array rot figures. presented to them either upon printed, . / sheets or delivered ore roiundo'. .jBut dissatts-. faction WaS paramount.- Accountants «f: longstanding and experience" Were called upon-to. explain: their views qf thesituation,- and chaos almost came agai/i at least so-far as mathematical questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly accused' ' of fraud, arrests followed, preliminary hear/' . ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing the fradiilent delinquents to terms of -im prisonment), whilst in other instances, the" law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it: was not until after protracted Police Court proceedings' that anything approaching the functions of- magisterial ruling was correptly arrived at. It. yet remains to be decided by. the higher 'authorities what course justice will take in her endeavours to sheet home fraud and corruption to those . directly accused. It is . still a. matter- of . wonder, That many directors immediately con-, concerned in the wor king of -the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon" their - trial to account f .,r their stewardship. Why' in their pbsifio'.i of trust, direction and responsibility, were they, not seized of the fact of their individual banks being in an unsoijhi condition, and above the Piimsol! . , . . iftark, 'so" f6Jsp2.Tk. of safety and solvency.: ' .. The schemerif ;.Te-c<Jhsfructic>n was .flaunted / iii the eyes df the deluded depogitors. mariy . : of whofn did .-not knri'w'tlle .meaning ot the ' term "so much so- that when the banks re opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the managers' offices, and impldreii. with all .: the"" persuasive eloquence afoheir command, for an:.instaot_;returo of their -riipney s. . Of- course' their requests were not acceded to, ' and they withdrew invoking, vengeance and ' anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they" were by-n<5" means to blame. There, were many shareholders and favored depositors who had received large overdrafts and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals " which should have remained almost intact to ensure the stability of the several banks they were : placed la. In a word, the reckless allowance of overdrafts. was at the bottom of of the suspension." SirFuddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. Diddlem Takedown, Throwsby Dustineyes, Esq.,;rid others of their ilk, appeared in circulars, advertisements, balance-sheets and press, reports as chairman and members of the boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons- represented- by the public swallowed, all the soft fodder purveyed to them.i: At last the supply gave out through the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of com mercial ih'digesiion was the result. Matters-: having ' reached a critical point political influence/ with the sanction of the Acting- Governor, intervened, and on Sunday, 30th April, a Government Gazette was issued, pro claiming five days' holiday for the banks with the view of allaying the public panic. This action on.-the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, ISt May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in thehistoiy of. the Australias. The suspended and re-constructing banks at this time were j the ; English, Scottish ahd . Australian i Chartered, The London Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open ' for the receipt of ' money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to have re-opened but 'j remained closed in .obedience to the Govern- !: ment. proclamation..- .Of the six remaining ii banks of issue, four.'.yiz., The Bank of New South Walgs, ' the .Victoria,- the City and Cofonial-also--acted:: in accordance with the Government -notifiGation and remain- closed. ' The 'Bank o£, Australasia ,and the Union, Bankjjhow&r;, apgaeeptly opposed the edict " and ripentaj tfemsatrtidhs in ail business that - vrasr 'legaliy ' possible. On the Tuesday ""following" the" "Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and op tlje Wednesday thp . Colonial Bank afld'the Gty Bank, collapsed, followed cp- 9 t"he Bank of Victoria after fo'rtjf yrs'uiiitess. The City Bank put off thg ii%niniay till tlig 17th, when its doors Jteije clotedLand at thet- end of januaty the Fddeiral jSaigiined tte. throng- The English ;pfos0 hkr likewise; condemned the actionf: of ffhe Victdria Government in procfeinng 'foese holioayhf' and as previously rjnked, .dissatisfaptidh < was rampant among ailjthipe mmesbed vk the financial net. TSi only jfijlutement held out was a promise toroay in jjvq' years1 rime, when more than probably the bnly.-result will - be a Bigger smash tha'n that justxperienced: We have plunged in media s res. cause of the year's djre depression; witholftr regard to strict chronological oijkr in tlre. relation of matter frbm tiie commencemeiif- ef tdq3. 0ii foe 4th of Aprii the Gom- - \- merciai" Bank suspended payment, on the 12th the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on the 25th the London Chartered Bank gave up the ghost ; the Standard, which in 1892 had teen ' farced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April . this year; and the following day a tte suspension of the National Bank. " Leaving suspended banks -to revert to other financial institutions it is refreshing to reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confidence of the community. Certainly large bonuses are an alluring biit, but when it is considered that the test societies have . carefully considered the advantagfe£iff an accumulated bonus scheme to. policy holders, fair praise must be accorded to them. Premising that death should occur within twenty-five years of date of assurance, ' if the premiums are paid up, the sum assured is in addition returned " ind the new pension scheme in view of the array of bank suspensions we quoted and iilated upon as a preliminary or preface to bis retrospect, should absolutely commend tself to the consideration of all ' who wish :d be secure in the event of evil times falling upon them. In short (here is no pr.Buble assurance but mulual assurance, end the best cf mutual arsurancfl is with those companies whose assets are rn tte spot. The . Mutual of Victoria which has evidently pro- flted hj the di astrous experiences of fallen financial institutions and bettered the instruc- tion by evi.lvirg safe and. secure advantages " 'or all aoauitents. Its management is " in the know,' ' ' cr teeming Australian monetary matters far more so than auy - foreign Assurance Society officetn, hence there can be no two ropiuidna ooneeming the choice of" imtitution with which ..te transact life Assurance. This particular society "on 'Its last annual' distribution of honusse" did so from a fond Af over £1:, 00»,<000 the qteh valqn -ef which, exceeded £500,000/ jp jhe preceding year. 1892, .12,58S r,M!sw " pb!iei«e were' fssued' for assurances/ amounting to £3,t91,221. the new anhnel 'infome frou premidms' being :£126,014. Tbe: funds now amount fo £11,328,44?. 1 And; passing from.. Life. Assurance to : death,- wlrch is not an abrupt Iransiticn.- the opening cf the new year was marked by the decease of the Chief Justice of Victoria, Mr. Geo. Higinbotham, who had expired on the last day of the old year. In life he had teen a consistent and unoompromisics! " democrat ' He bad lived for forty years ia Victoria, and during an active -and "busy lejal, politicaL and journalistic -career, the only reward fer public duties psrfonasd. he looked. for was from the people. H« declined ; ' knighthood, but he received with undisguised . . appreciation -the vote of thanks tendered by Fsrliament for the stupendous task hs had performed, that of cousoUdating the Victorian -ritatates. Be died of ; htart .disease, brought on br overwork, at the age of 66, ' According to his exprera wishes enjoined during the last ten years of - his' life he was to b# burled privately, which act waa performed much to .. the disappointment of the whole community, thy whom he was revered Mil loved for hie' amiability; devotion to duty, -and his can- ijscientious adherence to principles be Thought just and right. Continuing .the' obituary, record for the yen, it may be recorded, that on the 17th of January; Dr. Thos/ Einbliag, Member Legislative ; Goundl, departed this life. He haid been an early adv< eate for the Bight Hour. movement, the lauds' Transfer Act, and also protective duties , By cable Trom England it . w as learnt . that James r McCtdldeh, who had tece been a most power- : ,foI political factor, in Victoria bad diad on the Slit January, at Ewell, Surr y, in his seventy- fourth year. He was Premier of the colony on" four different occasions. In March, Matthew Lang, ex-mayor of Melbourne, who had filled the mayoral ohair for three successive years - died. E. L. Steiafeld, M.L.C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sunday morning, 1 6th April. In the following month David Robert Wyllie, member for bbith Melbourne, In the Legislative Assembly, and Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the heart, supervening an attack of paralysis, at Ihe early age of 36. -Wm. Peart on, M.L.C., for the Eastern Province, died 10th August. The probate doty paid in this estate added Isrgely to the public revenue. The property detailed in the late gentleman's will and liable - to the payment of duty, was sworn at - £205,613. upon which £20,561 was paid as duty. Furthermore (he property comprised in eettiements liable to duty, was stated at £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. The duty paid ia all totalled £22,551. Among the real estate was Kilmeny Park, the well, known sheep station, near Roeedale. James Campbell, Minister of Public Instruction and Commissioner of Customs, died on Saturday, 16tfa September, of cancer, after maay week's f terrible suffering. The Government offices wees closed at noon on the 18th rant. token of respect for the deceased. At Bendigo on the same day another veteran Parliamentarian, Robert Burrowei, M L. A., P®ed away. He had been elected altog-fhsv dev. n -times, and his Parliamentarv sr. pt ri< nee extended over twenty -seven years. On Tuesday, : rd October, faobert E. Wallan, well-known in literary and commercial circles, died oh board the s.s. Wairarapa, at Auck land, N.Z., of paralysis. Another well- known and esteemed colonist, ths Revd. Plow Kane, whose Victorian career had been honored and lengthy, died at Brighton, on 11th November. .' Now unco more pan w on to the affairs of .the living. In January a -successor to the ' iate Geojge Bigiubotham was looked. about for, and it wm thought that Justice Williams would be offered the appointment. However, the upshot of the matter waa that Mr. Shielt, the then Premier and Attorney-General, fogethsr with his colleagaes. invited Dr. Madden to .accept that office., which he did. Pqriiament after a short Christmas vacatioa re-aWembled on 10th January, witij Mr. Shiqj'e at (he head tif affairs. Bit political ternmeter at aboot this time was pointing to squally weather,, and on '/the 17th, Mr. : Patterson,, the prcsrnt Premier, tabled a, jranjrof fonfi|encs motiop. Oa the 18th, th Shiefo G&refnment.; \- wai defeated by forty- nvejfotes/to forty-two, after 0 debato'whieh was the .shortest on record. . On 20tb. January Mr. Pattocson out of tho material placed at his di-posal formed . a Minislry which waa constituted as follows: — J. B. ParteasMj Premier, 'fphief Secretary and Mlnliitar -at : Railways'; G. D. 0irter, Treasurer; Bryan O'Legldtnj Attorney- General; ,Mr. Isaacs Solicitor- G/eneral ; Mr. M'Cdlj, Minister of -Mince< and— Water Supply ; Mr. MTntyre, Mr. CamDbeiL . Edncation and v- : customs ; Mr. Webb/Public "Works tm Agriculture; Mr. R. Beid, Minister for Defences ; Mr. A. Wynne.® Postmaiter- Seneral. On the 1st of February,. Mr. Patterfon unfolded the Ministerial pro gramme at ( astVmaine, and met with a waim demons' ration. On the 7th of February Mr. Patterson waB returred for Castiemaina, laving been oppesed by Mt. Francis -Loug- ' more. Mr. Patterson scored heavily, the voting majority being generally about two to cue. I'arliament re-sssembled on 14th f 1 bruary. On the 16th aboard of enquiry t to try and discover the whereabouts or the mii-ring mtee, which had been mysteriously stolen from tbe Bouses of Parliament. Their efforts were fruitless, however, mad ihe bsable still remains undiscovered. The board, at any rate, discovered where the mace had sot I eta. and a chorus of "our honor ia vindicated," headed by Speaker Bent, arore. Pari anient was prorogued on 3rd March by (he A< mmiitratur of (he Government, and re-ope cd oi 28ih June, when the main features presented wtre : the Retrenchment Schi me/wherebjr ihe permanent expenditure of the province" could te reduced £800,000 ot \- .£'- 00,(00 a year; the pc.icy of additional taxation 10 bring -up :Le revenue at leaet of the next year level with that -year's expendi ture ; a fi-Iien e of land ai d village settlement to provide adequately for the people getting " bade to the "land," which belongs to them anyhow. '-The' railway revenue for the financial year up to 31th June, 1893, was . £2,933,412, and retrenchment caused a saving in the working expenses of about £300,0< 0. The T roesurer's Budget Speech was read on Wednesday,. 19th July,- and the method by which he proposed to make his revenue cover expenditure. in the balance-sheet was thus : — Estimated revenue, 1893-94 — £7,343,147 New taxation... .. ... 576,000 b Esihhatcd expenditure, 1893-94 . 7,613,9051 1 Surplus oh the year .. ... £296,238 ;; ' : In the merry month of May, a political crisia arose out of the Mercantile Bank prosecutions ' Mr. Isaacs, the Solicitor -General, disagreed with Biyan O'Loghlen't verdict, as Attorney- General, ; wit1 regard- to a nolle -prosequi. ;.. The.ugjhqt was that "Mr. Isaacs retired frbm the Cabinet. Later on he went before hit constituents at Beechworlh, who received him v ith actflamation, and he was returned . unopposed to Ills seat in tbe Bouse. It must not be forgotten during the month on January Mr. E. G. Fifcgibbon, chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Laud and Works and itini rant vereemaker, returned from T.nnd«»- whither be had voyaged to float a loan of £2.O'O.O0O. February 1st Mr. James Munro, ihe lale Agen;-General for tbe colony, and a leading iee otaller and c.ffe palace filed bis sheJu'.e showing a deficiency of £5'',1C6. Further retrench- ' meut was started in th: Pu :;hc Service during this monih. On Gih March, the Anglo -Australian Bank ' Criminals were found guilty and sentenced to various tems of iaprisonment. In this ib'uith also the Mercantile Bank" prosecutive began, and after protracted bearings at the .lower courts, Matthew Davies. and Frederick: Millidge were committed for trial for con - spiracy on" Friday, 12ft May. On the 27th : Inst. Matthew and 'Mis. Davies mailed by the German .mail steamer Salter fcir Columbo;' but eventually -he returned to. the province iu company with Detective Whitney, who had b en sent on his tracks. On the 29th of the same-m' nth application -for a Grand Jury w'ss made and adjourned it was reviewed- on the - 3Uth and granted. Subsequently W t- ue -bill wais found by the graud jury agqinst the two atensed, but when in Anunst the m-oceedanm .were called oa in the higher court, the -accused were discharged, and the presentment quashed on the grounds .that an alien consti- toto..one f the grand jury, and as such was inei.ible as a juror. Proceedings were com menced de novo in spite of legal blockad rs, and the accused were once more committed for trial, which - if all goes well will - come on this year. The sweating evil was brought under the notice of the Premier by a large deputation under the auspices of the Pioicction and Liberal Federal League who waited on that gentleman on 16th April. Their mission was to bring uud- r his notice tlie existence of the . above-named evil iu factories. So far as tbe clothing trade is conce-ned this evil is to a ce tain extent brought abont by ihe restric tions of H e Factories' .let, which under one ol its conditions provides for. 550 cubic feet of space iu each factory or workshipi 'J his has proved ruinous to small 1 employers, and tbe ct-nsequence is that J ew sweaters who employ Europen labor, r ceive the work from t: e limited tradesmen. The majority of master tailors have now only striall robins for they argue that they cannot or will not comply with the Act. The registration fee is sav d lor < ne thing, and further thos whom the tiade dub ' Ii quisitive Inspectors" are eludi-d. Then the masters do not care about t : king (B apprentices of either sex as a doctors certificate is required as to their physicial condition. The latter requirement also acts as a barrier to a -poor tn-'in with several children whom he may be d' sirous of apprenticing, for each certificate costs half-a- crown. 1 he sum may seem small, but it is required for aciual necessaries. J lie -inspectors are rot stringent enough in their action towards employers in ihe matter of an allowance of a permit for overtime. This causes overcrowding in the workrooms at busy times., If the inspector does find fautt then the employer discharges several bai-d and gives out the work to sweaters, and so the State unwittingly aids and abets the evil. Not long ago In one laige leading firm the preasers were offered the privilege of working piecework for one ,bn3y week. Twenty per cento was to be taken off their wages for this privilege, bnt the men didn't teee it, for they found 1 hey could only have worked their usnal qnrotum had they beeu on their weekly vregc- R tuay be asked wlgcthe employers "demanded" the 20 per cept. jcbncesaion. The answer is tint tbe manager of the " making- ®p" department received - a fabnus; - and pocket ihe sumihe bled the workers, of: Bnt ' throtghqnt the clothing (trade business has been dull; and the' houses in" Flinders-lane have received a notification from hotne thet tiie credit system will in fotnre be limited/ to 1 four months only. Hence the warehousemen ..frill have to take leas .credit and give less -to . cn-.tomefk , Under these circumstances sweat- ing is. rampant. The shoddy impo'"ter and ttiie calico" j may in Victoria is" d«omed 'anyways nnd it is to ,be.:tnigied that doom Aneans the boom in the shshiifaetnre df local fabrics, The iron- workers have suffered, but the boot trade has shown signs , of improvement during the latter part of the year. In iS93 there were 2,242 factories, and taking ths average for the year the number of employes would have fallen to nearly 40,000. In 1892 ths figures weve 2,443 factories employing 40,3 ly >at an estimate. . 