The Storyteller, AN ORTIGlNAL BELtf A TALE OF THE' AMERICAN WAR (Continued.) CHAPTER XXm. 'MY FRntRokVlP 18 MINE TO OIVE.' Strahari'a convalescence need not be dwelt upon, nor tbe eobtle aid given by;Marian ' through floweiB, fruit, and occMional calls upon his mother. These little kindnesies were tonics beyond the physician's skill, and he grew stronger daily. Mrs. Strahan believed that things we're taking there natural course, and, with the delicacy of a lady, was content to welcome the young girl in a quiet, cordial manner. Merwyn tacitly accepted the mother's view, which she bad not wholly concealed in the sick-room, and which he thought bad been confirmed by Marian'a manner and interest. With returning health 8traban'a old sense ol humor revived, and he often smiled and sighed over the miiappreheimon. Had he been fully aware of Marian's mood, he might have given his physician cause to look grave over an apparent return of fever. . \- In the reticonce and delicacy natural to all the actors in this little drama, thoughts were unspoken, and events drifted on in accordance with the old relation. Merwyn's self-imposed duties of nurse became lighter, and he took much-needed rest. Strahan felt for him the strongest good-will and; gratitude, but grew more and more puizled about him. Apparently the convalescent was abnolutely frank concerning himself. He ?poke of his' esteem and regard for Marian bb; he always had done ; his deeper affection lie never breathed to any one, although ho. believed the yonng girl was aware of it, aod' he did not in the least blamo her that sue' bad no power, an be believed, to give him' more than friendship. , Of his military place and hopes he spoke without reserve to Merwyn, but in return received little confidence. He could not] doubt the faithful attendant who had virtually! twice saved his life, but soon found a barrier o( impenetrable reserve which did not yield to any ! -manifestations of friendliness. Strahan at last ; came to believe that it veiled a deep, yet hops-' leiR regard for Marian. Tbia view, however, j scarcely explained the situation, for he found ? hia' friend even more ret ioent in respect to tho motives which kept him a oivilian. ' I'd give six months' pay,' said the young1 officer on 'one occasion, ' If we had you in our regiment, and I. am satisfied that I could obtain' a commission for you. You would be sure of rapid promotion. Indeed, with your wealth and influence you could secure a liontenant-cplonelcy in a new regiment by spring. Bolieve me, Merwyo, tne plfeice of us young followa is at the front in theae times. My, blood's up — what little I have left — and I'm bound to see the scrimmage out. You have: just tho qualities to make a good officer. You could control and discipline men without bluster or undue harshness. We need such officers, lor an awful lot of cads have obtained commissions.' Merwyn had walked to a windsw to that bis friend could not see his face, and at last he replied, quietly, and almost coldly: ' There are some things, Strahan, in respect to whioh one cannot judge for another. I am as loyal as you are now, but I must aid the cause in my own way. I would prefer that you should not aay anything; more on this subject, for it is of no use. I have taken my course, and shall reveal it only by my action. There is one thing that I can do, and shall be very glad to do. . I trust we are such good friends that you oan accept of my offer. Your regiment has been depleted. New men would render it more effective' and add to your chances of promotion. It will be some time before you are fit for active service. I can put you in the way of doing more than your brother-officers in the regi ment, even though you are as pale as a ghost. Open a recruiting office near your country home again — aotat present through a sergeant— and I will give you a cheque which will enable you to add to the government bounty so largely that you oan soon get a lot of hardy country fellows. No one need know where the money comes from except ourselves.' Strahan laughed, and said : ' It is useless for me to affect squeamishness in accepting favors from you at this late day. I believe you saved my life last summer, and now you ate almost as haggard as I am from watching over we. I'll take your offer in good faith, as I believe yon mean it . I won't pose ai a self sacrificing patriot only. I confess that I am ambitions. You fellows used to call me ' little Strahan,1 You are all right now, but there are some who smile yet when my name ismontioned, and who regard my. epaulettes as a joke. I've ho doubt that they are al ready, laughing at tho inglorious end of my military career. I propose to prove that I can be a soldier . as well as some bigger and more bewhiskered men. I have other Motives also ;' and h'ia thought was, ' Marian may feel differently it I can win a colonel's eagles.' .Merwyn surmised as much; but ho only Knid, quietly : ' Your motives are as good as inost men's, and you have proved yourself a brave, efficient officer. That would be enough for me, had I not other motives also.' ' Hang it all 1 I would tell you my motives if you would be equally frank.' . ' Since I cannot be, you must permit me to^givo otfeor proofs ol friendship. Nor do I expect, iodeon I should be embarrassed by receiving, what I cannot retarn.' ?You're an odd fish, Merwyn. Well, I have ample reason to givo you my faith and loyalty, as I do. Your proposition has pat n8wv.!'.f« ,int0 mo already. I needn't spend idle weeks- ? ' ... ; 'Hold on. .Oiie stipulation. Your physi cian must regulate all your, action*. Bo membor that bore, as at the from, the phy sician i*, at times, autoorat. .,,,,, To; be continued. 