WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW 7 Mrs. IX. H. Jennings lives at No. 211 Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. Ono night early in December (1891) the two women locked all LUU UUuia Ivllll itvuv (>u Wll> ulluUitlU, IUil> 1 illjj not a soul in tho house. They left the gas burning, however, in tho front parlor. At about half- past cloven they returned, and entered the house laughing aud talking. But as they went into tho parlor tho merry humor died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigautio stature. Tho upper part of his face was concealed hy a mask, his eyes gleaming through tho eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves wero rolled up, and in ono hand he carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. Tho women fled screaming from the room, and wheu Mr. Jennings came in livo minutes later he found no ono in tho parlor and all the doors and windows securely looked. W hat was it tho women saw ? "During a recent period of ill-health,' writes an American friend, "X had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze hy what seemed like the calling of my name; and at tho loot of tho hod stood tho imago of my mother just as she looked five years heforo, as silo was leaving homo to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and tlie local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision camo of my weak nerves, for I'vo never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was tho nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks tho nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jono Foster, of Darracott-road, Pokcsdown, Plants, wroto us as follows : — " I was so dreadfully nervous I could not boar anyone in tho room with ine, yet I did not wish thorn far away in caso I should call out for help. This was in Juno, 1889. I slept very badly, and in tho morning felt little tho better for having gone to bed. There was often a sovorc j>aiii in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of tho timo. My skin was dry and yellow, and tlie stomach aud bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lio helpless ill bed. Tlie doctor said ho didn't know what my com plaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, aud could not retain eveu that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing hut skin and hone. My memory completely failed. My head aelied so dreadfully I thought I should loso my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get batter. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked (What I was taking. She told mo sho was herself onco just as badly olf, and was cured by Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup. Ao she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was fiblfl to vr.illc n.orosR t.iiA room, atul hv tho end of tho week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervous ness has left me." The inalady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion aud dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief and shoe): at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and tho system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to tlie digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tlie Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by iudigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from tlie inside of tho person who sees them, and when Mother Suigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural aud wholesome. — Advt. 