THE LAST FIGHT IN ARMOUR. In Temple Bar (here ia a short and interest' ing account of what was probably the last appearanoe in the field of men in armour* This was in January, 1799, at the town of Aquila, in the Abruzzo, Spain, then held by a garrison of 400 Frenoh troops. The peasants broke into the town, and though they were driven out by the French, they oontinued to give serious trouble. They even, drove the Frenob into the fort, and made realdy to bom bard them with heavy guns. The Frenoh were in an awkward position. " Bonlart, the offioer Of artillery, tansaoking his brains for the means of sending out men to spike the gnns on the glaois, under the fire of the in surgents from the neighbouring houses, sud denly remembered he had seen in bis maga zines some suits of plate armour, and he pro posed to try, whether pro tea ted by them, men oould not sally out and work in seourity under musketry fire. He got together twelve com plete suits, and dressed out twelve gunners and grenadiers, thus eeleoting big men be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the oovered way, and from thence and from the fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artillery on the line of the insurgents. Then out marohed the twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's state of mind when he oomplained he had not proved his armour. The men oarried handspikes, hammers, and spikes. Moving naturally slowly and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, still they suooeeded in completing their work under a hail of bullets from the insur gents. The scene is described, as we can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to have had something picturesque and also dia bolioal about it. As the mailed figures moved in silenos among the guns, their handspikes looking like maoes, their eilenoe and the slow nest of their action seemed unnatural under the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents were believed to have thought hell itself had sent forth these extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past age; while the Frenob on the ramparts, true to their nature, the first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter." 