Sermon for Sunday. The Deluge. . By Rev. J. Robertson, Glasgow. Text : Gouesl# vii, 21, and Genesis vlU. 1-22. You notice tliere comes again nndl again into the narrati vo tUo lihrase, " And tho waters pre vailed," "And the woters prevailed" .Did you think it would bo tbo opposite I Tho battles of God are nover doubtful. Thoso waves had put on their tea my crests iu obedience to the couunonus of the Most High. The floods woro marshalled iu tho field by' God Himself, and they had to pre vail. Tlio battles of men are often doubtful. Ton thousand lay still and cold on Flodden Idolcl. Tlio ohivalrv of tho Scottish nation had been hewn down like corn boforo the soy tlio, and yet tbo English commander was doubtful after all, after the nation had been annihilated, whether ho had won tho battle or not.. Randolph Murray camo sorrowfully back to Edinburgh, and Wo hoar nno mnir liltin' At aor ewo-milkin'. Women and bairns gang dowle an' woe. Sighing nnd moaning on ilka green loonin , 1'or tho lloo'ors o' the forest Are a wodo away. So mighty had boon the opposing Scottish fores that tlio English leader was doubtful, and won dered If tho miserable remnant by the hlllsido vondor might not form into line and attaok again. But tliov soy tho battle was won by tho English. And In tho battle of Trafalgar, bow long was i tbo uncertainty nud su«pouho, as tho cannon rattled, as they lielehod forth those broadsides which the r'renclt and British galleys poured into ono another. It was not until after hours of con tending that tbo French ilag, the tricolour, was hauled down ; but wo are nover in doubt about Uoil'f contests. "Wbon He makes bare His urm. We expect iu a moment to read, " He provolled. Tho waters prevailed because thoy wero God's army. Mighty men wore there with strong, brawny arms, who stripped and buifotod the waters. Men with brows of brass, fearing neither God nor man, committed themselves to the sen and said, "Lot the lightnings llnsltl Lot the thunders roll! Let tho waves oome. wo aro strong and young aud ablo to contend but "tho waters prevailed." Higher and higher, nnd higher until the mountains aro covered, and wo can sec i tho last of them, the strong champion, commit him self to tbo floods with a cry of despair, ihs waters riso over him and as they meet ovor his head wo bear his lust gurgling shriek. The waters prevailed because Goa was the leader. They woro bis army. Bay, Havo you an mm like God, To aesad Him or oppose f Fear you not tho iron rod. "With which Ho smites His foes 1 I tell von, you oannot fight with God. The old earth will reel beneath us at the Judgment Day, and we will novor get a foothold wheroon to place our contending feot to measure arms with God. Do you tiiluk you will try it! Do vou think you will strip your coat, roll up yoju sleeves, and meet God! xou can't do it. Oh the islm- ness of His strength." Oh the mighty armaments of heavon." Ono look at thorn Is enough to bring conviction to my heart. I had better havo God as a friend thnn as a foe. Hois sure to prevail. Bomofcimca a firm breaks down In its contracts Tho contract was a big one. Thoy gnvo tho estimates, &c.;, in tho usual way. Tlieir olt'or was nooHptcd, and they sot to work, but unforeseen difficulties met them. Instead or thero being in tho tunnelling soft yieldnb lo cloy, they camo upon a bed of rock, npon whloh they had not counted. Thoy bad not and so wero not ablo to go in for t " ?$? 5PSJ boring. Thoy gnvo up, thoy fnllod to fulfil their contrnct. But I tell you wlion God undertakes a contract. Ho never fulls. He will carry it out nothing wanting, not an item, not o bolt, not a girder, not a phi mark in the great contract of judgment. He is ablo to fulfil It. I think I bad hotter got in with Him. I think I lind bettor get that arm on my ildo than have it against mo. There wns nn Indian chief, who, at tho time of the mutiny, when thoughts of rebellion were slmmorlug in their hearts, visited London, hiding for tho timo his mutinous designs. John, the eoaelimmi, was directed to drive him from tho centre of Britoin s great canltnl into tho country. Ho took up tno reins. Tbo horses started end on thoy gwlopea, straight us an arrow for tbo country. On. on, ou 1 Houhos. house?, houses 1 Streets, streets, streets 1 On still, and the flocks of foam nro cover ing tbo horsoa' bridles, and tho strong chargers aro beginning to fall, nod yet thoy are siall miles from the country, from tho green trees and the grassy fields. Ho had hnd onough of it. lie said, "Stop, wo hnd better go back. fbot Indian chief at, thotimo of the rebellion was found on the British side. It was that tlus mighty capital, this colossal, city, belonged to this country, aud these woro hut an evidence or one might of tills nation. It was but n small token of the strength of our army and navy, of tho arma ments and powor of Great Britain, and ho thought ho wmtid rather bo on tho side of the Sovereign of this realm, would rather put himself on tho sulo with wliioh was tho power of London and Great Britain, than bo among hor oppossrs. So put tbo spurs into the flanks of your imagination, and drive to tho spot where God is not. Imagination cannot tako yon t» whore Goa is not. Up in tho heavens beyond the sun t Down into hell 1 or, iuto tho depths of tho sea ! God is everywhere ; you hnd bettor give It up. Youcan not drive from His presence; nnd as you stand hefuru thnt Power you aro like that Indian chief. You are hostile. You havo a mighty enmity in your heart against God. Turn! Got into favour with this Power. Hnthor be for Him than agulnsti Him. There 1» no contending with God. We hid hotter settle it, that we are to loso. God Is too many. Tho waters pre vailed." says the Holy Ghost. Ay, nnd when they write about the other flood, the great conflagration that is to wrap tho earth in its red flames, thoy will say, " Tho fire prevailed." Better bo for Him than against Win- I am for God. and I am for where the certain victory is. On God's sido, in Christ. What opposition docs a palace of glass givu to a ennnon-ball shot from tlio yawning mouth of that cannon ? How long does it tako to ahlver into pieces tho whole edifice 7 It is not as long between the firing of God's purpose of judgment and the shivering nnd shattering of mortal power hurled against It I God's judg ment will take its way in splto oi all opposing forces, rlio eiioiny will in that day ho like wax before the fire. Tho strong brow becomes weak. Tho hard heart that spoko loud swelling words of definneo will havo molted. God is God, so I hud bettor be for Him. " Tho waters prevailed," but bpcause tlioy were sent by God. Then tho next thing tho Bpirlt of God brings before us iu this nnrratlvo is, " The ark rested on thu top of Ararat." They were nil at breakfast ono morning. They had thought that, perhaps, weeks wmld still seo them in tho ark, though tho pattering ot t.ho rain on tho roof had ceased, tlio noiso of tho thunders, and the rush of tho waters had subsided, when suddenly there Is a grating on thu bottom of thu ark. They hud touched land. At tho end ot all theso days, at the right moment, and in the right plauo. and with God at tho helm, the ark reached Ararat. Thoy wondered why Noali had not put a rudder on tho nrlc. There whs never a vessel built before nor after without a holm; but God was at tho holm. Nouli bad nothing to do with tbo steeling, or ho would novor havo reached Aramt. God was at tlio helm, aud In every man's life. If you and Iiuotofioat in safety ovor the floods of this world, God is to stool'. Don't you try it. On hoard of vessels, you see posted up tho words, " Please do not speak to the man at tho wheel." Why .' Ilo cunnut bo bothered with you. He has a wmk of Inflnite importance. He has to keep hisoyo on his work. There ore shoals anil asnd- bunks ; and sometimes it is touoh-und-fro, hi tills matter of Ufo and dcuth. Go down to tho saloon nnd take your dinner, parade tlio deck, tako your ease ; hut only, "Do not sponktothemau at tho wheel." Leave him alone. Do not interfere with tlioguidanceof God. He knows best. Hi-swlllUour pleasure. Ho is our safety. Wo know not where Ho is to ntoor us this year. " I do not usk to seo the distant scones. One stop enough for mo. Lend Thou mo on." That is tho spirit, for tho Now Year. Lot God stay on tho bridgo Jf Ho Uko— visible, manifest, undoubted Captain of the vessol from stem to stern ; or let Dim oomo down to tlio prow, and in an und'gnifiod. unexpected, unreasonable appcnrmico, gmdoyou and mo. His sola purpose is to bring us safe into tho linrbour; and It iB only when you and I rest our woathor- bonteii barks ou tho glassy tide, when we have cost anchor in tlio haven of heaven, when in glory, that wo will son what a skilful Pilot wo hud. How tbo littlo bairn had to ho takon from our encircling urms, how tho slump sorrow had to ho home, and wo will say, ' Oh, God, Thou skilful Pilot 1 Thou dlvinfl Skipper I Thou wast rjght. This had to bo. All things work togotlior far good to those who love l'lieo." Wo havo oome to Ararat. There was no ohart to mark tlio road. Dion oan creep irom headland to headland, but whan thoy get out iuto tho doop they need something else than tho oiitajutttng shore, nnd they tako to tho stars ; hut whon tho clouds blot out the constellations, when nil is dork, then, like Noah, tliey say, " I can do nothing. I must give it up. Oh, God, take Thou tho holm." And then, hero is Ararat all right. Hn wo say, " Oh. God, tako Thy place. Bulo my life. Steer tho hark in Thlno own way. Olios so what is good for mo. Let it bo Thy will. And when from out thlebourno ot tlmesndplaco, Tho tide doth bear mo far, I bono to boo my Pilot faco to f aco . When I havo crossed the bar. Happy man, who, whon thlnikng of a nerwpsrt- norshlp, nnd ill the consultation and thought of how muah money this candidate, and how much influence tills other can put In. Happy man who consults God. Happy man who insorta visibly in all things tho name of God. It will be a linppy business, n successful life thnt begins With God. Havo you bognn tho Now Year with God 1 In tlio dopurting moments of last year did you tako tho nowly-born infant, tlio New Year, ana did you hold it up to God nud cry for His namo to be nut upon its brow. Ills name to bo on tho year. Did you build the altar t D1<1 you offer tho burnt offering! Or wna it in tlio silly contemptiblo first footings with tho bottle tlint you welcome tho Now Year 1 Was it with cheer, not of the voice but of tho heart thnt vou did lift up the new-born year to bo baptlsod Into tho name of God. What has God given you for tho Now Year ! What ho gavo Noah. Noah bad leuruod much, and into his bosom thoro droppod a now heart. Ilo had come home from thu college, the minis ter's hoy. Ho was a wild hoy, no many ministers' hoyaaro; tor olteu it oaoma that proportionally as thoir fntlicr Is solemn, they aro tlio oppoBita, Ho was always in every piny ondtrlok in tho vil lage. Tho father could nob understand his son's exuberant spirits. Ho though t.ho Must havo got it from 1i(b mother. Ho though!', much and often felt very deeply ovor his boy. lio felt as the lion did, that tho farmer's wife had put over a brood of ducks. Whon thoy waddled into tho water, sho felt that the world had gono wrong, and almost broke her heart. Tho father or uld not un derstand this duck of a hoy ho had got, and ho was a sore grief to the old man. But at last ho wont to college, and ho camo back. Wo were all proud of him. Wo lmd hoard of his suc cess at the college, and ho brought homo two gold medals with liirn. Ho brought thorn up to his old minister father ; and thero was a strange inquiring look in tho father's eyes as tho gold glittered. It is shown now that thore is some thing ia tho duckling after all, that he has a head on h(s eliouldcis that he has brains to think as wall as feot to climb the bracsido. Ay. but ho has got something else at tho univorsity. He now understands ills father, and looking down upon thnt loved form, he says " Father !" The eld minister regards Ills boy tenderly, ns with tears in his eyes ho continues "Father, I havo got these, hut I have also got a now heart!" Alii Tlio father would rather have liini with n now heart, tlian nil tho medals. Oh, you with tho gold modnl of Goa's goodness. Have you got tlio now lion't ! Can you whisper into Ills eur, and bring a smile into His faoo as yon uny, " And a now heart." I tlinnkThee, Oh God 1 for tho new heart. I thank Theo for Olirist and His salva .ion ; and as I have the earnest desire to live this year for God, looking to ,H1b Spirit for Strength to carry out His purpose, can I say, My faith would lay her hand On that dear head of Tliino, "White as a penitent I stand And thero oonf esB my sin. Believing. I rejoice To see tho ourso remove, I praiso tho Lamb with cheerful voice, And sing His dying lovo. 