PERSIFLAGE IN PARLIAMENT. The greater part of the speeches of Messrs. Shiels and Deakin in the no confidence debate were made up of frivolous bantering talk. Either of the speeches would have done excellently to amuse a debating society of young people met together to while away an idle hour or two, but as ofToits of serious and earnest, political loaders they were both miserable failures. Humor, wit and repartee there were in abundance, especially in Mr. Deakin’s. It was one of his Merry Aodrewist efforts. Melbourne Punch is sadly in need of a first class humorist to liven up its columns. Mr. Deakin should possess himself of that journal if it is in the market, devote the whole of his time to its columns, and leave serious matters of government to men . who dp not look on politics as a huge"' joke. T6 was the duty of the Opposition leaders to have shown how much better than the Government they could have managed things had they been in their places, and how much better they intended to do in the future. But of .this there was very little. Mr. Shiels . filled his speech with as much frivolous persiflage as he could; Mr. Deakin in his speech was not, perhaps, so much talking against the Government as talking to the House to establish his claim as its chief joker. In the elucida tion and illustration of any subject wit and humor are not to be despised. They add a- spice to subjects otherwise so dull and ' prosaic that few could be got to look at . them. But when the spice in the dinner is about as.3 to 1 compared with the plain food that it should have only seasoned, it is_ a sorry messT" It is as if the cook had'been too often io the cup board and made a mistake in the ingredients.* The short and sensible address delivered by the Premier at the closepf Mr, Shiels’s speech and his brief and contemptuous interjectiohs’ .whilst ; Mr. Deakin was reeling off his stringof smart boy gulps and repartees, got more votes vf or his side, than the Opposition leaders won over by, their much talking. Judged by the result the Premier was much the’ better orator, though he did nbt lay .him; self out tp and rhetorical, but pnly.jto bo b^sit^^-Uke audio talk plain senselronji bis poinj; of •view. Hod. . members . undoubtedly enjoyed tbp entertainment. pr.ojided for them by the causticail Mr and by the flippant .Mr. Deakin. Bw - btie does not entrust liin business concerns to nor | [desire to eu(er into a-partnership with [ the merry-man who arouses one on tlio' •*, stage. Hia sphere is defined for liirb, : and the more he amuses his audience the closer is .his sphere defined. Ip days and when kings performed the functions of Parliaments it was customary for their royal highnesses to keep jesters in their employ. These wore privileged persons, and it woe commonly supposed , by the groundlings that the witty ones with a suborapuodant flow of wit wore only half-witted. Nowadays Parliaments have their jesters to make fun for them, but when more serious business is on foot, they generally have n habit of- looking upon the jenters of the House ns did. the counsellors of tho before- mentioned'kings: Their fooleries were good enough* to laugh at, bpt they should never bo taken seriously. The speech delivered by.Mrl, Williams, notwithstanding that it emptied the House of most of the members who are disposed to look upon public life as njolcb, and who so dearly love to bo entertained with the glib, quips and oddities of a; pro? fessioual talker or the addresses of Messrs, Kirton, Yale and McKenzie wore more creditable to the Assembly than thbso-o£ the Opposition leaders. The lesser lights did strive to address themselves earnestly to the country’s business; the leaders were consumed with an overweening desire to exhibit their lingual cleverness. At a time when there is such wide spread distress in the colony, when so many thou sands of men, women and children are living such wracked and anxious lives and when the times are such as to. give occasion for deep and serious thought to so many other thousands, the tone of idle and flippant buffoonery that ran through Mr. Deakiu's address was very much out of place. It was unseasonable, was un sympathetic in one who is said to enter tain the ambition of becoming the leader and champion of the toiling massed It is a time when men of action, .men with serious well thought out ideas, men with a clear and .earnest sense of duty are ' wanted in Parliament. For brilliant-but rattle-brained talkers, the Victorian Assembly is at present no place. It is for this reason that many sober-minded men who though they are not particularly enamored of the Patterson Government are thankful that the division gave them a good working majority. Eohuoa, Moama, Country News, The Women's Suffrage Question, Marong Shire. Connell, and other items will be found on our first page this morning. Fourth Page.—Tho following additional reading matter will, bo found on tbo four lb* page:—Mining Nows and Notes, City Police Court, and Eaglohnwlc. To- day's Events.— EoglobnwkPolloo Court, 10 a.m.; Boathooto Police Court. 11 a.m. ; City Council, 3 p.m.; mooting Sailor's Gully Football Club, Smith's Hotel, 7 p.m. ; annual mooting Total Abstinence Society, 8 p.m. Preparing foe the General Election.— Mr. D. Egan, secretary of tbo Bendigo Dis trict Trades and Labor Council, baa received an important circular from the secretary of tbe Melbourne Trades Ball Counoil. It roads“ Tbo Trades Ball Council. in view of tbo present position of tbo.political parties} and realising the necessity for organisation," havo determined to bold a conference on Mou day, Juno 25, in the Counoil Chamber, Trades Hall, at 8 p.m. for the purpose of devising some method of political action, so that tbo Liberal vote may bo consolidated at tbo next general election. Tbo following bodies have been invited, viz.,.all societies affiliated' with the Trades Hall Council: — Amalgamated' Miners* Association, Bendigo, Ballarat,' and Geelong Trades Councils, Horsham Eight Hours' Association, Amalgamated' Shearers' Union, Democratic Club, tbo various suburban Working Mon’s Cltibs, Protection, Liberal, and Federation League, tbo branches of the Progressive Political League, Woman’s Suffrage, Society, or any others that may seem desirable. Two delegates are-requested from each organisation and ‘it is desirable that tbo various bodies will as early as pos sible elect their representatives. Tbo present political stagnation and condition of, tbo. colony? through political apathy; calls for the earnest attention of all, especially from, the fact that the general election may take place ( sooner than most people imagine." The Sparrow Pest. — At the, monthly meeting of the Marong Shire Council a cir cular was received from (be Shire 'of Korong with regard to sparrows.- It stated:—“A number of replies bavo been received from tho municipalities to which a circular was re cently addressed by this counoil on tho subject of the destruction of sparrows, and as some differences of opinion appears, to exist with roforonoo to tho'best motbod of dealing with tbo matter it is proposed to.hold a conference of representatives of municipali ties interested therein at tho Town Mull, Bendigo, at noon on Thursday, 21st Juno. I am instruolod to respectfully request ..that : your counoil bo represented, ’’ The Marong Counoil, howovor, - did not consider tbo matter of sufficient importance to appoint representatives, and consequently, tbo com munication was simply “received." • The Late Mb. Gordon.— Our Kangaroo Flat correspondent writes:—Tbo funeral of tbo Into Mr. Charles Gordon, who succumbed on Monday evening to tbo severe' barns be received last Thursday. bight, took place at tbo Kangaroo Flat cemetery on Wednesday afternoon. A largo number followed tbo deceased ho having boon so woil known in tbo district, having'for 40 years resided, in, tho place, first at Crusoe and lattorly at tho Flat. Many beautiful wreaths wore sent from friends. Tbo Rot. J.' Hunter Potter officiated at tbe grave and offered-up a very impressive proyor. Mr. C. A.' F. Taylor had ohargo of the funeral obsequies. The Rabbit Nuisance.— Good work, it appears, has been dono in tbo Marong Shire with regard (o tho extermination of rabbits dur ing tbe past few months. Last month a new kind of poison called Toxa was tried, but -it does not seem to have boon very efficacious. At yesterday’s monthly mooting of tho . counoil, the rabbit inspector (Mr. McNamara) re ported that ho bad tried (bo new poison on a patch of ground on the Momsie estate, which appeared to bo overrun with rabbits, Tbo result, however, was/ very discouraging. Tbo only apparent affect was that ono rabbit, took slightly ill. Tbo inspector further stated, that he thought that tho alleged poison was merely poisoned apple jam, with a chemical name. In tbe summer months it might act with favorable results; • but' at present bo would not advise tho counoil to purchase any of the commotion. In bis monthly report (be inspector-referred to the advisability of-at once taking extreme measures to bavo tbe post extirpated, now that tho brooding season bad begun. He had already informed land owners, whose property was infested, that if they did not take immediate steps to rid thoir land of tho post be would bo compelled to en force the Act: In tbe general business of tbo meeting the secretary stated that-tho rabbit inspector’s term of office would shortly qxpiro.. The president said that bo bad no doubt that Mr. McNamara bad dpno excellent .work and to a certain extent bad. succeeded inriddiog the distinct of, th'C farmers greatest'enemy. Still bo was not- sure whether it would be a wise stop to re- appoint him. Ho was pretty warm on this poirit. Thoir council was tho only ono that, paid an inspector to i see tbat the 'vermin Destruction Act, with regard (o rabbits was carried out They were practically paying a «nan to destroy rabbits from other shires, and bo did not consider it fair. Ho thought that other councils should be written to and asked to contribute thoir share, and each council should pay a similar amount It was ultimately decided to re appoint Mr/ McNamara for another six I months.. . ' ' Calvin Street Church. —Thd aiinivor- ’ sary services of tbe .-United Methodist Church, Calvin street} will bo hold on Sunday. The sermons.will be proaohod by the Bovs. G. A. i Weller, H. ’C. Trdbilcock, and J. Wostacotf On Wednesday, it is intended to still further celebrate the event with a tea dnd.publio meeting, when occasion will be taken to woloomo tbe Rev. and Mrs. Wostacott to Bendigo. At the lost choir practice a presentation of .ft writing desk was made to Mr. Harry Bull, who has boon transferred from the Gravel Hill State school to West Mclbodmd'. : The gift was tho 'spontaneous offering of the members of the Christian. Endeavour, Sunday school, and choir,''each of which Mr/ Bull was a. member. Mr. Stanistreet was'entrusted with tbe' present atioVfand did bis duty well. Mr. Bui)', suit ably*repUed. A.N.A.;—Tho fortnightly meeting was hold last evening under the presidency of Mr; C. Daley. Seven new members wcro eloctdcT and nine proposed. Mr. Stirling, (he assistant Govoroqient GoologlBt, wue. is, a valued adherent in A.N.A. circles in Melbourne was nominated hs ah honorary member.'/ ’The committee, reported that member & Davies was in very . poor circumstances and rooom-, mended that a concert bo arranged op Ii!s behalf A - The recommendation ' was adopted., The buildingcommitteo reported thatattaiigo- J moots 1 had been- Como to wbdreby. the old 6&va;)iry brdeHy - -rood could,. for/ an .datUy of about £400, be transferred into > avery'fair hall capable of seating some 600 or 700 persona, Tho report was adopted, Mr. Curnow,’ tbo secretary, reported that tbo olub furniture bad boon ordered, and ho could Wsnro lhom tbat it was second to none In ;iho oily. Tbo architect had iaformod him that tbo club room would bo ready in about a fortnight. Mr. Stirling woe called on for an address, and ho mado a few remarks, lie .said-be baa bean oonnocted with the assooia; lion for about 20 year®, and bo always took n deep "interest in it. Ho . would bo in Bendigo for some time in connection with his duties us a geologist, and ho would in every way ho could assist tbo association. Ho was very sorry to boar that ono of ' the member's waf in destitute circumstances, and if the domraUtoo considered ho could bo of any : - assistance at tbo proposed concept by idelivoring a short lecture with limelight effects ho would bo only too happy to do so. Hr. Stirling's oiler was received .with loud applause. Hr. Stirling is a cultured and fluent speaker, and a leotnro from him on some attractive subject should bo an Intel leolua) treat. Nominations for the different officers resulted as follows ‘.—President, Mr. C. Daloy; vico- proBidonts, Dr, Murphy, and Messrs. A, Daymond, G. Dunlop, A. Hump sou, and M. J. Cahill; treasurer, M. J. Stapleton ; auditors, Messrs. C, Hosking, A. Morey, A. Daymond, and T. W, MoWhlrtor; committee, Dr. Murphy, and Messrs. Beebe, Young, A. Daymond, H. McCpnnachio, S. Cook, T. Glass, A. Dunatan, Q. Dunlop, F. Curnow, M, J. Cahill, H, Austin, W. Balsillio; secretary, Mr. J. H, Curnow ;■ assistant scorotary, Mr. Muollor. Mr. C. Daloy road an interesting and thoughtful Sapor on Australian posts and poetry; and fr. T. Glass rooitod flomo favorite numbers of popular poets. Tirao did not tmflQoo to dlsouss the Jmper, which was of a vory com* Srohonsive nature. On tbo motion of Mr. tiriing, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to both gentlemen for tboir efforts. Before the meeting closed the president reminded members that noxt meeting would bo “ muster night, v when onob was expected to nominate, at least' <> nu now member. Bale ok Gifts and Art Exhibition,—In connection with tbo. Forest Street Wesleyan Church a combined sale of gifts, cakd and apron fair and art exhibition will bo bold in the schoolroom on tbo 20th and three follow* iug days of ibis month. Dr. Quick will porn .form tbo opening ceremony at 3 p.m, on .Wodv nesday afternoon, and tbo fair will bo opon during tbo afternoon and evening of oaob day. Ono of tbo features of tbo affioir is an apron, competition in which first and second prizes . arc offered for painted, ore welled,. fancy, housemaids and cooking varieties 'of’that: article of apparel. Other particulars are' j advertised, i A Dislocated Wrist.—A boy named I Lange, 14 years of ago,living in Wattle street, and employed at the fuse factoryj fell whilst playing football yesterday, and dislocated his right wrist. .Dr, Jamos Radio, junr., attended to him. Removing an Eyesore.—The ugly wooden fence surrounding the now Law courts was . removed yesterday, the resalt being that that part of the stroot now wears a muon improved appearance. Death op an Ex-Brndioonian.—Tbo Hobart papers report tbo death at Maitland house,. Bathurst street, on May 80, of Josephine Mason, wifo of Mr. 1. C. Just, in her 42nd year. The deceased -lady was tbo daughter of tbo late Mr. J. C. Hadley, hotel hooper, of Hobart. Prior to leaving Bendigo Mr. Hadley was tbo licensee of tbo City Family Hotel (its first tenant), and in tbo earlier days of Bendigo kept tbo Freemasons’ in Mall Pall (now tbo Courthouse Hotel) for several years. Some Curiosity was aroused yesterday by a number of lorries laden with furniture and with streamers flying passing through the principal streets of tbo city, Tbo goods .had just arrived from Melbourne by special train, < where they were purchased by Messrs. Hon* | dorsonand Goodisson from the trustees in tbo assigned estate of G. C. Clauscon. Tbo train which was specially engaged to . bring tbo furniture, carpets, blankets, etc., to Bon* digo consisted of 22 trucks. Tbo acoommodn* tion at tho Boohivo boiog insufficient to bold sach an addition to tbo stock, temporary show rooms havo boon opened at Parry ana Co.’s old shop at View Point and at tbo Skating Bink, Forest stroot. A great sale Will bo oopitnonood on tho 14th Inst A Mis- spelt Name.—At tho City Polioo Coart yesterday when a case brought by Honorab Broyn against J.Bowling for dobt was oallcd oh, Mr. Tatcbell,tbo plaintiff’-s solicitor, askod loavo to mako a slight alteration in tho summons. The namo on tho document was John Bowling, whereas tho defendant's sur name was Boland. Mr. Dwyor, P.M, said this could not bo done, and mentioned that tbo Richmond Court bad ordered in a case whore only tbo sooond initial of a man’s namo was wrong that a now summons should bo talma out. Mr. Tatobell urged that the .bench had largo powers of amendment, quite sufficient ho .thought to justify tbom in making. . tbo small alteration askod for. Besides tbo summons had boon already sorvnd upon tbo defendant personally, so no injustice could be done to him. The-P. M. replied that bo could not seo how tbo alteration could bo made, if .the defendant bad appeared it would bo a different thing. Ho had noc appeared and tbo reason, perhaps, was that tbo sum-* moos was not Addressed to him. Another summons, would have to bo issued. Total Abstinence. Society.—Tho annual meeting’of members will bo hold at tbo Tem perance Hall this, evening to receive tho officers’ reports and elect officers for tbo ensuing year. Oh Tuesday next a social ‘will bo held to ootobrate tbe anniversary of tho society and also the reopening of tbo ball, wbiab has boon ronovatoa and painted. Overworked Dressmakers.—Mr. Har risou Ord, obiof inspector of factories, at tbo Collingwdod Police Court on Wednesday, prosecuted William Firth, proprietor of a drapery and dressmaking establishment at 344 Smith street, for allowing fomales to work on his promises for more than the statutory ! number of hours in a week. Bo stated that the female inspector had made tbo discovery 1 that girls employed at dressmaking for the defendant bad worked 564: hours in tho week from the 13th to 19lb May, wbilo section 30 of tho act fixes 48 hours as tho limit. Tbo penalty for each offence was fixed at' a sura not to .exceed £20. Annio Hargreaves, om« ployed at tbe establishment, stated that she and others bad worked the number of hours stated; They started work at 8.45 in the morning, bad three-quarters of an hour for lunch, and worked on till 10 o’clock at night. From 1 o’clock till that hour they had no lime for a meal, rest or relaxation. There were threo other charges, but one was with drawn. The chairman of the bonofa, Mr. P. Fianslow, commented upon the necessity for supervision to protoot employes, but an nounced that os tbo oases were . the first tho benoh bad been called upon to deal with low fines would be imposed. In tho three cases fines of 2s 6d and 5s costs each wore imposed. -Ago. Imposing on the Credulous.—There is (says tbe Wellington correspondent of tbo Otago Daily Times of May 2Z) woo among the' local spiritualists, and tbo wide hand of tbe policeman has fluttered tho spooks. 1 cannot better tbo story told by tho Post. Hero it is:—“Two arrests wore mado by tho poiioo last night' which, it is staled, will load to some very sensational disclosures. Tbo pri soners are a oouple named Jmpcs and Priscilla H&okott;, who ’ are presumably -brother and sister, and who have boon lately practising ao-callod spiritualism in various parts of tbo oity and .suburbs. . Jamos Haokott Is a pro fessed medium, and bis sister, acts, it is said, iu-tho capacity of assistant. On a recent night there was a. seance bold in the room engaged for the, purpose at Petono, at wbioh some 14 or 15 persons wore present, including a poiioo constable in-plain olbthes. The latter attended by invitation, but, in consequence of a complaint which had been made to .the police that tbo affair was an imposition, Butler had orders towatoh tho- whojo per formance very closely, and if ho detected Anything which could bo . reckoned on os material-for a’oase ho was to seize it. It is said* that tho . proceedings - were of a most extraordinary character, the Baoketts calling up eovoral alleged departed spirits which wore supposed to bo- materialised and able to bold communion with those present. In ono of tbo most impressive parts, when the luminous form of-a supposed spirit appeared from the recesses of a cabinet, one of tbo audience seized hold of the ‘apparition ’ and called for tho lights. The spirit turned oiit to be nothing more than a piece of gauze which the medium was enabled, .from behind a curtain. ' Haokett and bis. assistant wore arrested, and the paraphernalia, consist-’ ing principally of a bottle of phosphorised oirand a quantity of gauge, said to bo used in conjunction with tbo oil for -the purpose of ■producing ‘ ghosts, ’ was seized. It Is stated the medium received £5 for every silting, and that sovoral people bays parted with con siderable sums of money to him. ‘ The Haoketts wore brought up in -the Magistrate's Court and charged with, having, oonspirod together to defraud F. A. Vaughan. A second j 'infbrmatibn has been jaid against James' Haokett} charging him with having pretended to oxeroise an: enchantment and' have com munion with tho spirits of the deod.” ITbe pair.havo since been doraifiittod for. trinl.j. Colonel Smith’s obanbes of securing’, one of- tho 'seats for-Ballarat West at next.election are said to bo oxbollont. Ho may displace Mr! Kirtoh,‘or possibly Mr, Tale. The ; funeral of the Rev,' W.! Roby Fletcher, wHich took place yesterday, was one of tbo largest ever, ebon io Adelaide. \- The : Weather.—The readings' at Mr. Gredglngton’a yesterday wereThorraometbr, -9; a;ra; 60° ; 12 noon, 57,9 ; Bp.ni. 68° ; 6 p.m., 51° ; mAx., 68° ; mlo., 45° ; Barometer—9 a,m.; 29•61 * 6 p.m M 29>58. ' 