THE DEAD GALLANT, BY OUTnAM TnIIIsnAt. Falshed by speoial arrangaenens leth Maere. Ward, Lock Dloedea, Ltd. [ALL onTrs nr.SInVI D.1 CHIAPTER VI,. I'A I0ED I1OX PAERF.5 IN THE MOONLIGHT." Towards sunset of that very day the three aot out. Ballard's iare lost domesticity should subdue treason were so poignaut that he insisted on the noe'esty of an irmmedlate departure. When they started the b?auty of the day was dead. A toid wind tram tho west brought fine rain with It. The loweriag tky refleted iteelf in the faces of the tra ,e'lers. They rode side by side in llonence. moodtly. D1llatrd had met Babington'a objections to leaving. before an answer had baen recolved to the Q teean of Bcots' letter. by urging that the conmulicetlonu open hbetween Ohtrtley and Dothtik could ba extended on the eame incipl between Dethick and Liodot. lh orgtnisatlon of this poet occupied the priest' brhains. He recalled the nomeaot the Catholics on the road who coould be trsrtod as carrirs, han ho had toot the eaecesary oomplemcnt- Hie proloeged travels throgh En;land had pefootly acqoainted thise abrp hoerd with the eapacities of hit Sook. He ?wiv them all, and to what extent each was to be trusted. These arrangements made, he fixed hit Tals fervently oC the uneten goal. The intrspid soldier pined for the fight. He looerd for London. But Mantse, riding by his side was a prey to different feelings. T. him the approeab to London meant deadly danger, and, as milte after mile was cverrol by eager travel, he felt like some captive hound helpless ona home, whose wild flight remorelelass hands were urging towards a precipice. Did not Walsingham await himt That Walslngbam before whose henry prolonged gate all hearts lay open, in whose slow, pieas smile of discovery agents tne mberec hcd read ruin, the preslure of whose m henacAg fore ngter still sared likeo iron heated acove his heart. And yet why should he ofear Waleig. ham--trrieor at he was of such noes P To this question the fever which tsraoeted him emitterod of no aroswr. HIs disturbed blraen see Invaded by myrloah of oalfaild pr.oject - atatgocitt?, Irreeonciable - prompted by mysto?ioae motiver which he oulid not arcount for. At one moment he hugged himself at the thoought of the reward arvaiteg hie trtmedoloats s aovery 1 at the next hit whole soul sickened at the vile Tyhe tam which had pet that reward within his grasp. Such a Ia'ntness seised him at he thought of the goal to which the inevaltalie march of events was horrying him that he would have fallen from the autlle bht for Bahingto' aalssisting band. With haseily. noutterud thck', he shrank from hist tech ts if from tn Infcotioe. Than a sadden hate took po.ttslon of him-he could have kilrd ?alltard. Ant mmones loathing peies0 him for this gaunt fanatio rothletly pr'stog forward to perditlo wilth the lig'ht of vic tory in hLt ayra-hlltd to the pit wtoh )owned brneath his purposn--miias cin eta Idcally with the bangmae's rope n bhat his anhek. Was It to be pormittei that suoh a madman should draw oredaloa foe's to their death i Manote tared at the pro. oo-oped priest cruelly. From the priest the agent's glance psed to Blablgtoga exquisite profile standing out clear as a cameo against the crimooe tky, to the ourled golden locke, to the white oarecn throat, to the beautifal parted lips, to the poet'e r?t gasinR into the sunset, and aflame lthlove and fath. The creel look died on Iando's face I sort of forlorn tenderaess traosagurod It. Ho ashd dered. OnCe more above his heart hk felt the saenring poronro of Waleingham'e lorar. From thlis moment Btahgte n's preonality exercised an ilunaece over Made, o hihoh the ageat had long felt growing upon him which he had etruggled againat fetioecly, hot which he wae unable any longer to realot. H's aeys for long hoera rematiel fied on abhlegton, ua if faseciated. He snddenly dovelopad a watchfuol care ever him- aneh a care as some farorite alaes might show to an ennotlcleg Sultan. His hand held the stlrrop firmly wher Blbington mounted, and hovered auxlonaly at his brldle at daegerons parts of the road. Still playIng his part of Ceptln Fortrecoe'e ervingman, it was on hit muetr's friend that the flower oft his attentlion was lavished. Bablngtoe's wing-cop ntrar atood empty the daintiest and best that the nn's larder coeld offer was heaspd poen h's plate by white hands, mode rather for attestion has attodandce, hbt vwich stemas never to tire of that mrvice. Then when the cloth had bean cleared, the wie set, and point and roitg.l, with heads esnt together, and after heared glanes cat round, dieeeeo Ina low wbhlersr secrlts which should hare given 'ear to wain'coted wale-wblls lorwns hob nbbed in neilghboring ornsets, and stoet caneryelqotire proclaimed the price of whoat -leusglng agalnat the wall, an embodiment of elegat fatiguea. the ,'rving-man took his ''ore of the banquet, hit eyes fed on Btb iegtou, "We need yeon o more, fellow "maid Bal. lard, one evenlrg suddenly, altar Ioohing up, pt had noticed this growing attention had marvelled at it, cnu taken proaontloes. On more than one occsion he had detected, he fancied, a daire on Maide's part to speak with ahbtegton privately, which his unfiag g'ng and adroit watehfoloces had, up to this night, prevented. The three wera now at thaeir last stage trom London, and wera lying at the Bone and Crown at lit Alban. M?ade wett upsairse white and raging. The maid of the tan found him croohedo in th dk g t the dwindow till in a long corridor, obbinog passionately. and stemping In a sort of hysterical rage. The girl, who admired his pretty elegtoce, shinieg hair, and white hands, proffered ronolitlion after her hkind. She got in return for her good nattuo a smothered ceree, and a glare from void eyes which frightened her. Ballard and Bsblegton slept it one room. The leemping draught tt those days, habitually taken, hiad little por as a rule in ch.eokiog ths tide of the priest's satoter eef'-ommnlnoge, or in brlnging any. thing but brorken rrst to that fiery bralo, frenlod row iith the esclog nccomplalhmont of its farce puopoe, 'Thia soldier of Chrit, aifter long day,?' jornealnge. okept vigil. But on this night hie gaunt figunro wa setoroe'y strotched on the hod than a profound slumber seled it. The suddonness of on uncommon an ooonmeooc surprisoed Bibington. 'wheot own rest was in a meenura haunted by the ghost of the deed whioh shadowed him Tho onoea fortunate squire of Dottlok slept the tartted sleep of the onaplrotor, a loreep sown with dreadful dreams. out of whioh he woko qtivoring and reaching cold hands for hl a weapons. On this night, howoraever, ho lay swake long, wondering at itlard'ra sudden fall into olep, anl disturbed by hie convuleive trroethige. ise own sloop. wh?n it come to him, was not ltas agitatoeL The Venue of his fovcrlah vision hauntod him I riding, ua he had coon her last, outsido the onto.oioegato of ?togflald Hanor. her ong,. white, jewel finger proned against tor bourt, as if pointing to it, her white, fox-liko tfae, oe whoso clear temples moaue of redl-abn r hair shono, looking bcok nt him note het left sihold'r. Pt It tomed to hit hunutcd fanop that, in place of thu gleaming glaaoe that he know, the fumnes of hell shotf ttLo beai.th those h?t-oloaead tide1 and he loohet right throogh tot verolt od her riding-ihobitOud caw hoc rod toot attoggit?gf intn neheb' toatheome folda a and tho ter yea flmod with cccrating ahoato, euo of t great crowd gotheredto coma tromeuoiur doomI and a riceneing bltet of fame frotn a greet pitch ce~uredroun whiah torn mbfto?a.-- tl him. lie cried out A hoot hand v indeed there. In the nilvcor o2 too ooonlight a grey fguer bont over hlm--tht nngmolcfly n it reomed. .lablnoton jumpedot his plitols. tot iht did 0 a votco whith he tad letoot to know vell rectured him. cc i pyooi. hetnolmog hand are plated aem ?'" ?oe. "Hr itctdoet' ho saii, , r iog CPnlowt7 S~Lof kim dir~dtl (~or moan thi folly P You camo near to pay for It with your lifo 1" Thero w a ? llonce. bialngton heard tha other's heart hoating wildly. Ballard ioed out in dreadful tones in his sleep. " Sir," Babiogton went on, " whetbrings you masquerading in my chamber P" The aunwer onmo in low tones, in which intenseo suppressed passlon trembled. " I harv oamo to put my lifo into your hands I Will you hoar me P" "Ble," said Bbhiglou. nmsed, " Me Bal. lard ies by meo here. His are should ha filtter recipisent for your strange confesrlon." " Mr Dalla'd sleeps seand," said the other. " My words are for you-not for him ; nor will his ears reach what I am here to say, iunless you lo-morror pour it into them. Do soif you think fit. I have said tht my life a In your hands. Repeat what I am now about to toll you to Me Dallard, and by this time tosmorrow my blood will be upon your bcad I Shall I speak f" "Speak I" ' Give me your band I Ltt mo hold it I T entreat you, air l" After a surprisedpasro B ebiotton grantod this strange request. Hie hand suddenly sesmed closed botwasa two palms of fire; This grey vision of the night was saen to tremblo violeontly ; bLut this contact lent its voice steadiness. It spoke reoaly and firmly now. "Mr lblington, I am cogen here to save you I Be quit of this consplracy I It is droomeI I 1 know it." "You know it ? I wold fain know how, sir: and that iestantly," Babington rose as hea poka ln hip. bad. and laid hold of his sword. The other notices ;e.ottlonu. and prersed him back goatly-- almotol carsasingly abiagton felt the pago's scented breath on his face. : N consipiracy agaslst this queen will sueroed," M unde went on. " But it chance did off r itleol, thik you that our combine. llon has streongth neoeiful to ss!es Itl You are but ayootb, Mr Babinatos. Your fr'ands are youths-poets I dreamers I Asatsins are made. sir, of steruer stall." " Mr Ballard hba are." "Ban ho, too, discretiont Hare I not worked with him for years that I bshow not know him well P Courag has he, who shall doubt it i % gal he has in abundaneo. But has be the sealed lips, the careful caution, which should lead nexperiancerd enthuslasm along paths at whose evrry corner subtlest spies s!uea f Has Ballard's dlssrlmu'atto wit to cloud Walelugham's deadly gaus? I row not, sir. And I have traffikekd In consalrscy." "I beollere well, sir, that you have traiui kot," said Babington, and he again oate a moticn to hIs sword. But the other again pressed him back with the same caressing action. " Misander. sand me not," hea s1J. "I am tound to yin, Mr Babingion, in this matter, heartand aul,by some etrangs power which I may not struggle egansl. as clos, nay closer much eloser than that hand of dovrots friends whom you sooke of, and who now await your ordrs, and their doom I fear In London. Wllh yo I g forward to the roe and of this eurpose. If such he yonr fixed will. Bat oace ega'n, for the laslt lms. I entreat yon to turn back. Leave conspiracies to despsrte wretohes mlike yl', outcast of tho world. with-nt frliends, with ut home. You havre both I Yon are b!hlead, as such as you should bo, with this world's good things. Reeall them now. Think of the Nightinga'e of Dathiak who sings di'consolato I of your hapoy groen home; of your bright boy who ray live to ses his fatier ettalated I Ah I God, it Is too cruel. Forbear i" The priest stirred in his sleep, and mat, ired somelthig. Manse cast an eager glase at him as if half fearful of his wakiag. But Ballard elept this night sound, as hae had slet one night before In the hoose In Batchers' Bow Babington saomed to be thinking Then poun iho intense stillaene of this sone in the dark. upo this tragi teuraiar-polnt "f two lives played by two conspirators In the pmrene of a titird sleepaig, ters rame sudn denly through the opened lattice hashed roices of the nlbht. Tired footsteps elanked on the stones below. Toeo an was stirring, Surprisoi at this rdedolla at two o'clock in the mralne. Maude eteppd lightly to the window, and shroudlng himself behind corrlse, lootked forth. Below in the moonlight some oatlers tood holding horsosaddled. They grmboed among themselves, and sIung their lanterns sllenly, lounging agaritl their chugs r' sides. A relay had evidenrtly boe ordered on the North Road. Some messenzor of im portance was posting throuag the night. From some cause which he could not acount for, thees preparalins troub'odi Man's. He had a presentimeont. HUs went back to where B hlbigton sti I lay, breathing quickly. A aeavy sigh escand him. This sigh was his last exurelou of regrSt fur the happlnotson which he had reslved to turn his b:ack. The agent conceived hope from SAh, you ro'ent from your purpos " ha celed. ' Tito salute be praised I" But the answer to hie oxlarmatlon crushed kim. "Sir." said Babington coldly, and with a fixed detrmination which the other orall not mlstaLko " you will be pleased to speak to me no farther on this matter. I am re solved so go forward in this business to the and. I believd that in your strange inter feenes in my affair you meain me ws'l. And for this tlme year confidence will be respected. But pemums notto broach eoc a sabjct again, or the dead will gleo hirth to suplelons which mast pass to other oar." He pointed as he spoke to the priest, who lay stil straggling in a consulsive sleep. A low groan of despair broko from Meude. Hs It go the hand he hbeld as a swimmer might, half suffooatod himself in his ttermple to las a suicide. Tears tlrunmna on his white chehk in the rmoal ght. U's voice ra'led hoarsely I his throat at his first attemlt to speak. Suddenly he nerved himself, as it by a Cat despair goaded to fIuel eil'rt. Hn lt andsetisod Bah'gtoan's hane on ealv slve'y. Rn coro:oe it with hernisg birce. As he did so, far nfl through the sllent night galos ing. Maudo at first did not hear this "Mr Dabhigtonn, he said, "tn I hare said, "my path n this affair is your path I go forwatd to this bulineslts hittrr end wirh you, ser will I Beuk to dtaseado You icm rt again I But, faeir sir, If all we must sogethor en this poellals co. let as at least seek all msan0 to ariTgate saeely I Beware, I Implore our, of Bllasrd'l over seal ; or surely It wili be the. flroa fl'o whblch lights Sto our d'aths Test rather in me Youg thoegb I seem. I have ha bittler expriouoce In the, sflairs. Had I nit, would Ballard re so trotuterd mel Clonsider 'Twas I, an be will tell yoawho taroegh Morgan flet Introduoed feangs to him. Aek himu I H will not deny I5" Boon on a sedda brlass ontin the night, the sound of horses galloping fsaioualy draw nlarero Banlngton eyed Maudo keenly, "What speciol torn in hll adffair" he said, r broed, this distrait in Mer Bollardl's el I" The answero came at once iu tense topes, oleonat of 1t vltal Import. " The receipt by you at Dethlck of a Iltter in cipher from thes ueen of Soots I Fair sir, Iu such affairs II oars no' lrtters, hoeserr cunnligly clpheral. drliwrrd htwvorue socrotly, horold pla. We work kern under the nusboplig nys of an agent through whom fatal hands tha srt rorreepoudsnco of Eeropo flltersl vearywhere preetliad agrnt' of his clelter suorioa aarem l Onr eucnt onu committed to paper, we stand bat anrIv?g dead. Wenll do I hnow the wortloge of that undsrground pout, whla, So whomsoever they be dlregted. delltora I1. Isttero to hasliogharm. Bnaligton trombled sohbe lay. Bloefll throughhis momory paneod avery esotoeoc Ct tht. om smiomlln sanwer to the tjoon of Boato' lotbor, entruated to the care ui ain Twifirv. Oouutly beforo him rcoo thr memory of the onth sarorn to Bnllad to keep thu ,endinf of that letter a eoroel Lom Manude. hit henrt sank. Maud', feollog porhaps-to such a pitch worn his fererish norvan stleng-a sintieter hunitonuy in thin ilnoono sprang to liblng ton and gnlu glarood bif boad coon. e~roiPIrcf "You have not, unknon to ts, answered that letter brought by Mr Terl.n P BSear to moe that yo have not an.wored itS Swear to mothat you will never answer it I Bwear 1 Swear I Swear I' A dreadful struggle between ooansceanoo rand self- interest tore Babiagton for a second-but for a second only. He re turned anade'n feverish presswuo of his hand oas feoverishly. " I have not answered it," he replied firmly. In an rctaay of relief, in which a wilder feeling surged. Maude throw himself tpon hils kces. He kissed ]Bablngton'a hands passionately. "God be praised I' he cried. "We are Still safe I" As he poke, a flumrce olatterigof horsea' hoof; rang on the atones below. Startled at the precipitanoy of this arrival, Hnlde again went to the window to view the hero of this midnight ride. But at sound of a voice which rang stridently through the night air, calling for "B. lays for the Quoen's Meeengrer riding from Stafford anire I" the room's oak floor hoaved about his fot. For momenthe was paralysod but when at last he .tiggered to the window and looked out, he caught full view of the leader of this cavalcade from Stall rdohire,a hesot forward at fullgallop Londonwards, eittingaidowayae in t he addle, his pock- marked face turned, like a foxs. cunningly upwards at the house's blind nale, his long right arm swaying fcrloualy. In spite of Bnbington'; denial of having written to the Queen of Sfota, the eight of this horseman turned Maude faint. There was cnuse for his faintness; for in thic deaperate 0ooh4.c from the very country wheroe the Q aeon I· p oriobno., bhad reoogniaed Mr Phillips, Deoipherer-in-Ohi(e to the Secretary of State. CHAPTER VII. A SORT or unRAVE TOUTUH." Exceedingly troubled in hie mind by that overnight vioion-by that foxlike prerence pasting in the my night London wards, hurrying from Staffordshiro with arma swaying in excitement, and pock marked face peering aenpiciouoly at inn windows-audndeo, proflting by a moment's nhsenco of Ballard, on the following morn. iog again pres ed Blbiegton on the matter of his suope tud corresponderce. His anxiety got as cole answer once more an indignant denial (iith a mental reserva tion) that he, Babingtoan, had put pen to paper in answer to the Q teen of Boots' letter and a r, geat that a suejaot on which he bad already adlivered himself so openly shou'd not be again refarred to on pain of its ou:piciou reiterationa being ruht before the notice of Ballard. The priest more gaont and haggard than ever efter his deep night- aleep, buhot still splendid in tha velvet a d satin of Captain F rt Iscn, oame up at the moment. He looked at Menloe eenly, and, in oreoenoo of the inn'a company. who cam ut to seeon the tart, gave him some roanh dirertions about the homrear. The three then mounted, and in their turn passed eondonwards, Captain Forteooue and Mr Bahington riding side by aide, with their eorvng-man behnd them. Freo feem care as they appeared to the eye; of passing travellers, laughine and nking gaily as they rode threunh village high strecta, halting hospitably for a cup nnder the porches of great inne (Captain torteecno, in the growing excitement of the nearing goal. perhaps rather overdoing toe hoasterous gallantry of a Low Country yaptein' a asluation, to beauty errant) fiercely nder thoes outward disguises rho he rtso tlh twoforemoathoreomenburn d Bot on Mando a ?ort of cold calm had fallen. H. had eosed to struggle again, t an infatuation whi'i he could n t combat. thong he felt it tobe fat L .C aficting intereats no longer tore at his heart Firmly. iorrevocably, he had resolved t?. throw in his lot writh th onepiraoy, since no pcrsennion could indcca Bbiagtlon to descrt it, and, though the chanoces of the deosiagn's Sueos seemed to him deoperato to watch over and forward it to the best of his power. And surely, honest accessory to treason as he had now become, aid suno as he preposed to bring to the scheme was not to be deopiod-the aid, that is to scy, of an agent trusted by, and in pay of, the Government'; Sepreme Iqusliter; an expected aasiatant at hi mosaecret coun cils ; in a position, as a con;ruenoe. accorded to no other conspliraor, el registering and reporting the first, the faintrat, indication of senpici n which might tbrill the Secretary if State', Tensitive pulse. Inetiead by the mystil fcrce which had drawn him into this nterprise, strgthoeneo by his infatuatioe for its prime head, but. above all, fatally fortified by his belief in the truth of abingttoin's as.uranne that he hsd not o mmunicared in writing wit'h the Q rcer of soote. this fragile.hodied agent prepared to hoodwinhis g at employerl hI b d. felt strong enough to cenfront Waliing ham himself Slowly riding in his assummd mantor'r tracks. this spy transformed meditated hi. purposee. The deadly dangers which urronnded it oaold be fathomed fairly hi only one such at himoelf, who had breathed for years the hot atmosphere o' plot and connterplot, which filled as with the breat' of life the nostrils of the ecretary of State. Absent for lour weeks, during which he bad maintaned a dead silenoe as to the progwss of tho mission, how conuld that ailenc beaccunted for P Stopeeped to his very lips with the full knowledrge of a "remordoas design against the Govern mont, would oven bi; tried powers of dielmulation elear that knowledge from his faco when Waleingham's slow gtze fixed itself upon him--toat goa destn-, to road the veay solf Mauloe shuddered when he thought of it. Its mere remm hranoe seemed to label the opuse he had engaged in lost. And yet when he once more passed its primoe forces in review, clemontr,making for sueccess, and foreign to all schemes of the hind which hal preceded it, appealed to hie hopoe. The consplrators moseidored by Bablnagton a; already bound ware gentlemen of fortune. The frleet move to be made ia the design wem the l ao.:e ==ocl n c- thv Q,?", And by the very nature of their duties, the gentlemen to be dedlcat'd to the deed, moved armed and unsuspeoted about her person. All depoended on the emnnll of the novitiate;. Maud consceivd hope. The feoeling was further fed when, in the same heue in Bucahere' now in which he nd ilallard had lodged on the night of their retourn from Dover, Maude met the company of gallant youths d'aaribed by Babington st Dothick asdevotod to thevery leath to his intersts, asemssbled at 8avaga's call to serve them. Inalong low room on ths first floor, lantllod by dark polished cab, fsltish, d by a table, on which a costly supa per and rich wines wore st, a company of aCsplsldil gallaats a Manade's sae had fver llghte on lounged, attitodinalnd. laaghes, and spoke earnestly with oexcited gKtu"sa. Thb magnillcenc of the Court al El's; both was reflectsd her I; a bliss of satin duoublet, nad Janlled ewords. and glam. leg rerlo;n, and airllenld soeenel rafes framing handsomo, ran.lala featores. anO brigiht es; In whieh youths' enthacleem haeaad. Oatbollo Enfgliad, and that Coast In which mealy boauty wa; the raret pea; port to pralermeat, conland na more splendlid galasy than this hanrof dsvoted entbualaatl, whlse magnlficont eppsuslllag ralloclsd the splenadoeof that doomed pro. sanae from atlch Ibsy nor; fresh, and whom swonl; abiuglton know were dali en?ld wholly to inesevie;. 'oesmost among them In height-he tawersd a head nbo;e ahb reel-. aull a.. ia . ;,o;l Cf pthl. tit nobility characterlstit ef his fins nature and a deseent which traced Itsalf bach to two ceaturlie beyondl thb OCnqorat, Ohltt hlock Titihoutae prrncd forarsrl to 10gle Ilahlngtons reeting, lh wrung hlm by both hatru, nlllleg upon bim, bat sadly. Thb shoaht of a loved wite and children flt ln Ignoranue down In UIslpehlre of what wna Ia tome, 'Oit this etdnet- t0 hi; woloomn-, eadnosr fmpreesod on the refined featares of d b handsome oval faoo, which a slight p ated black beard and moontachla fromed In a sort of foreshadowlng of Vaedyke. Abingtno, whose blue saris doublet shone with pearlse, end whoso fair brown curl, clnetuel over his flmnrd forehead, next grcateo his friend with an enthusasam to which wine seemed to avre minis toered I and Salishury and Barnwell pressed to him at the tame moment enthusiastically on either *ldr-- tbe first, a delicate youth, whole pale refined face. but a tr flo flashed, cormpresoed, and fell foreheal over the eyes here wittes, to th?bo stdent'e zal the latter, a fl ridl, broad-chested Irishman, with looghieg eyes and lips, and bhoynet manner. Anhbrn haired, deei, of voices, he swaggered, hand on sword-hilt, a noletroe eeppre ew.m uogly from the easel of some Vantinau pitotr--lothbe4 gorgsoasiyln flme-oolored tfftlta, The plain dress, Ihe stiffi militatery precision of the soldier of fortune, Savage, was the one low tone which gave golnd t o this bless of color. Hel etood part, brood lng, with clouded brow, and long arms orossed over his breaslt. lMaude-a brief introduncton over-too stood apart, dazzled by this coneoorse of brilliants, more suted to lead COra raeols than to dabble in trarson, but whoso entha. sham for Babiogt n's istel look or word ueoarated a sort of elec'ricit, In which deoles bt half rrojetood ssomed already fone, and all the Ugrts of failnre banished. The prollminaries of a trearon in which sech conspirators as thorn werrergaged wore soon adJoested. S.va-, arm'd witsh priestly authority, had already priva ely acquninted each member with the main desige. Among these first eovilia ea no esepleion of a dis etng wotie was heard. And whln aftara hashed panse, Ballard's grave tones had lent 2.eal sanction to the removal of heretical monarchs, ?.: hrl,. with rrietiy unection, crowned Merder's hagg.id heed with the sheing crown of Martyrdom-thn ,uad sat down to sop with the riotons enthusiasm oi school boys maddoned at the prospect of a holiday for which some deed of adventare had been planned. The supper was a sympesiem-?,en through an atmosphere of exciteoment before which reason fled. Rich wine sparkled in Vanetan goblets. ; the waving of jewelled hands lent eloqonuo to empty rhodemon. ade ; the eyes ano lips of she falrlst Qoree were toasted again and again wirh the wild ferrour of dorvtees posjsesed with their par* o01e. To inspires fancies the Fateso b*came the Preoont. Elizabeth was already daod. The captive of Chartley had assumed her lawful state. The White lowor of Catholiiosm bloomed once eore in this England so long dieinherited. The soldiers who had led this holy insurrection -who had trampled the dragon of Protestantism under foot, who had avenged the blood of martyred eauoits poured forth at Tyburn. and the groans of saintly agony which hanntod the dark walls of the Tower's torture-ohamber - stood fleshed with triumph in the presence of their soul' Sveoreign, legitimato claimants forreward. It was a vielon of mlstics inspired by the madness of a minto. Maude was carried away by it. Seated at Babiogton's right hand, the hoseat and triumph and fumes of wino mounted to this atrango agent's b an. Ho,too, began to beliee, and when Babiogton. at a motion from Ballard (who, with the social tolerance of his Order and a cup of water by his aide, minietered to this intoxication with. out being sff ated by it), roen from his seat. and, with that mild countenance, sober gesture, and wonderful good grace, which in a terrible after-time was borne witness to by his bitteroest enemies. elquontly re oapitulated the heads of hin purpose, and bade hit friende shrink not from the p'rili attendant on a holy enterpriee which gloriou sau-eose would crown, the form-r -py's la-t forebodinre vanished. The leadly rigidity of Waleingham's fatal ooa ; his lean. pock-marked aeoretary's dreadful smile and convulsive twitohing fingers I the rminous ring of the former's earning to "beware i " the sinister vision of the latter's midnight rido, seon from the inn's window at St. Albanes the ewarminq ag ente everywhere watchfol of the intoerost of this secret ssovir.l the fate whioh within his own knowledge had ovortaken waverere-all--all was forgotton i the triumhantmadneenof the o moment. Mealdo rose to his feet. Hyteriocally he drank to the great scheme's success. He mwarned the conspraters of the datoera of procrastination. Re urged the immediate striking of the fatal blow. Lot but Wals 'ngham' prouantions be surprised before 'hey were prepared, and they were safe I Thin elaeter nareno moron mention froee the oenepirators' enthusiasm like ice. It fae a flo'or not as yet taken into account in the general joy. No one suspected 1un to for this warning. No one asked what precautiono were being prepared by the Socrotary of State. Did not oeah man present know that those prec?nticae were unceasing- that that vigilant eye never slept P They looked at each other forlornly. ut morcurial spirite, aided by an rexorts 'ion from Ballard, soon recovered them from this transient a'ook. Onoo more wild enthusiasm reigned till the drone of a watohman called a late hrur, and the time was come to separate for thc night. A lonely house, kept by • C,tholio. and standing by itself in St Glen'e FIl-ds. wao appointed as the next day's meeting place Then Mr Babington and hie guhl ct passed out quietly into the silent street. They metif d their cloaks about their m uths. and went their separate waya All wore full of neal- some of them reeled a little as they walked. Ballard and Mands wore loft alone. The priret lookol troubled, but he eyed his oompanion with more kindnosa than hbe had lately done, and no suspicion appeared in the tones in which he aseed him If hin late mention of Valsingham'e precautions had been lug?,etod by any other motive than a general wish to inuoolate caution. The queution and the qoectioner'e manner like gave MIodo an opportunity which had not yet pru?ented itelif of putting that vital point to Bllarrd whicoh Bahlng too's denial had twice dispe?ed of. " O a certainty." he replied. "I aphko of this dtcamed porsecutor ctf Christ's nervants, but by way of general caution But we are safe, and our purpose with us, if we keep that purpose etrictly to spech " He lvoksd at Ballard searohingly as he spokel Ballard returned this look with etoadinaes. I do not quite take you." he said. "Yet my meaning." Maudo went on. " would, I had thought, been clear to one as converant as yourself with the inward workinga of Walsinghem'e secret service. Father Ballard's briot experience in the Secrotary of Stat's employ has tag .t him, doubtless, the danger of documents. "Tin through documents, sir, that such an wo hang I'" " Doubtleea,"said the priest, pouring out for himself his first glasoof wine. " What then P" "This , there have paosed no lettors from our side in answwr to that recnived at Dethick from the Qreen of Scots P" " Assuredly not." Ballard drank his wine, and eyed the questioner with a sort of composed astonishment. "Assurodly not." ho repented. n Then. i we dally not ere we strike, we are safe," said bwnude lHoe rooole.rd a priestly benoditilo, and went out milinog. Caution had dietatod oa moplnto separation of the onspirator botwoen the periodo of thrir renorel moot tnge, and they all orupied dtiffernt lodg teas. Bahtigton hed ohambers In tar Strand. Ittando ewont to a rooam wbio had ben tahen for him iton Poul's Chain. He walkbd briely, flled with wild hopee Ballard'. orrohorotion of lleblngiton' denial that any letter had been tont to the lnt-v rrf noie e.nual his mind. NOw that he, the sole aint that Welaloghawi relied on to mound the conepiray. habd turned oonlrirator, and that no doeumonot dealingoit tih conspirecy mere abroad to fallinto Walselobegm'e hband, ths far seeing secretary of Slate would for one walt wnth eyes bliodol. Th0 thought lnrpird this rx-el,)y w5t te010ituP Joy, Us walhod briphlp t hroug dieoltod Etroete, enjoying the freah air of the night, but, with his former ntato's ecttom still clingihg to him, peering 0u ionaly eoerynhere to too io he wse followed. No soul soomed abroad that night but himself in all London. Un ohoerewd he patsed from Butohor' Bow to Paal's Chain; unobserved he entered hie lodgings; nnobervore by the pople in the hones, he weant pstairs, and threw himsoelf, drseeen as he was, upon the bhd. But Babineton's image, as he had last seen him in Bateher's Bow. sitting by his side, toeching hands with him, toasting a jItin: ol anutse out of the same glass, eyeing nim almost for the first t'mt cordially. oppressed this would-be elseper. His idol's hesautifeI face, gold curels, shining eye, came betwear him and slsep. Mande roes from his bed siledo with thsta rPcollecHoions, wit heartni throobing. and brain on firs. Ha paced the room distractedlly. This night's separa. tion ftom the object of his worship, whose safety ho was about to scoure at terrible personal rlek, m-ddired him. Hie passion blinded him to all sense of his own danger. From this forgetfulness he was to be ter. ribly awakened. Pining for the day's dawn which wuas to bring another meotinn, Mando palled the cunrtains belfore the window aside, and looked out to see how the night waned. tIls hair stoo I on end. Shadowed by a pro. je'nlog peroh, a cloaked figure stood nn the opposite side of the street, motionlers, menaolng, a vigilant sentry at his post. Directly Madse appeared this figure made off rapldly. Bet Mands had seen enough. A dreadfsl apprehension told him for what army this soldl.r had bsea rernuited. He reooa?n?id Wals'ngham's handiwork. He kntw that he was watohed. For the first time enbj.oted to espionago this transformed spy's nerve left him. Bab lgton's Image was replaced in his mind by a more formidable phantom. lirerywhere he san Walsingham's fiend. Puritanlical gzo. aiaa.: kent closo to the hosse all the next day. He dlarend ot attend the arranged meeting of the contpitrato. Hes dared not cemmonicato the reason of n!.: abseence. Eaprenince had laught him that Waieini ham' spies did not 'o their work negligently. All day he lay nlone, trembling; but when eight came he took courage, tresting to his own strangefaculty r impersonation. What our actors would term their "properties." Wealolghem'as asots, as wall as the game they honted, had always at their hands. MIado dlsguiesd himself as a travelling jewelisr, and, when night fell, wnt oat into bhe slrest. On asl tido he found hlmselsha riowef. Spise ran against him at every stnp Tsror.strlcken, he returned to hi lodgings. Hes raced his room In a fury of impotent despair. Presently he crept softly to the windows and looked out. The motionless sentry wmas still at his post. Toet Madde clal to a momentous resolve. IHe alone he'd the seret of the eonspiracy. On his skill and tenrage the safety of Bahincton hung. The hour had struck for that courage to be xrercised. He determined to confront Walsingham him The Secretary of State, he had already ancen?ined. was at his town house Certain phenomena already cataloguend spoke nloquontle of his near presence. Sir Francis Wsloiogham, indeed, at this time lived iU a large, many- gabled, many eindownd maneion lately erected in See thing Lone. Thia hone was as ful of eyes so its owner's poi iv. and resembled a sort of Hardeicho Hill in mciritore. The glas nf these eyes. hoewver, were all Astined on the street side ;nd all of the windows were barred. it was eleven o'olock at night when auudo sereled in his purpeno. and dreeped en a travelling jeweller, came opposito to this theatre, in which thin drama's last act asn to bh played. Without a light showing at its many sindown, tall. gaunt, deserted, this house in Seething Lone reared ith elf ageinst the pale osummer shy ominously. It looed clear cut as a piok of cards, and as heartless. Mteudn's heart thnmped as his hand preesed te kneoker. He felt like a fly mntrneting himoelf t a spider's web. And he knew fell well that this spider was hungry. lint he summoned heart at laist in the confidence that he alene res meter of the eonspirators' secret, and he kncekrd ihree times lightly at the door at Birn Elms. At the same moment, an the rest of the cousriratore were aessmblrd in the lone horeou in St Gila'a. wondering at the abheence of Made. the ltet ca- ier ib the pot organized by Ballard betweren Char tley and London put into Behinrton'e hande a ntcend ciphered let'er fom the Queen of So'te in answer to his written fcm D-thick. In this letter she gave him and his trysted friendn her full commission to tot for her ioterrt.r to tha ut'rrmit ; gaye directions aT to the general risinr. and adviaoed that the six gentlemen should bo? sot to wort forthwith A triumphant ahout from the six gontlemen gnrt?d thin Order of the Day, It strmed an if this shout. nnwit.ine ohu?oef s lost caen , reached rov-n throgh the silent night as far as SBothing;iLno. whero MIaude stood beforo Waleingham's houneo waiting for answer to his sammone. For such a sudden spansm of fear str?k the agent's tottering hen t that he drew haok suddenly. determined at the Ias: momert to fly. But retreat was eut off. A glanic erowed him hat he waes still follored, and at the next moment the dor o cuned softly. and Mr Phillips ap oared in a brilliant light, pale-faced, red- haired, lean, poohk-marked as ever, his fignrs e on rolsetverly twitching abount his mouth. He m;led a dreadfnl smile of wrelome. " Mr Maudno l"hne crid. " Yenr adent Is inded timely. Mr eottntary is dying for your nmem." He motioned Maude into the house hyterically. Thn other ca-t a hnted look over hie ehoulderand entered. HIh adhalf creoed the entrance hall when the door behind hitm clangedhavily. He heardthe screech of a key in the lock. (To be Coniionul.) 