' i. LIVELY Y 'JT'HERE is no. telling wheii?a party is -VL- absolutely dend in the United States?" A few years ago ib ivas implicitly believerl b3> some people that the Democracy J. was dead. Just now the same prediction . is being made - in regard' to ' tho Republican party. Whenever -we read in a Republican paper that the Democracy is dead,- or vice versa, we are very much reminded of that 3'arn . about .- Sliuckcrs. A man named William D. Sliuekers died in Wilmington. It.scems that there was another man in the city bearing precisely the same name, and when tlie death. was announced a good many of liis friends thought lie was dead, and they resolved to go to the funeral.. On the day 'of the, funeral the living Shuckers also thought I10 would go. partly for tlie purpose of ascertaining how it felt to participate in the obsequies of a man named William D. Shuckers. ; He took up a position in .tlie vestibule, and as tho mourners, were about to come out, a friend of his, named Jones, saw him. The first impulse of Jones was to rush through the kitchen' and climb sud denly over the back Tencc ; but he controlled himself, and , after poking .Shuckers in the ribs witli liis umbrella! to determine posi tively that he' was hot- a', ghost, Jones, remarked; — ' ' ' ; "! . " \y by, Shuckers, what, 011 earth are you doing i here? Why ain't you in. your coffin?" ': " Collin !" exclaimed Shuckers, " wlia d' 3'ou mean ? . AVIiat do I want with a coffin,?".. ' " Mr. Shuckers, you-know you. are dead. YVI13', ' they cot'up all this gorgeous funeral for you, all Shesc carriages ' aiid palLbearers and tilings,1- and ' the -.clergyman's; just" been paying you splendid , compliments bhat any dead man might be proud of." . . , !";! " But! tell 3'ou I'm not dead.. I'm as much alive as you . -ire. " ' ' "There is 110 use ot arguing the point, Shuckers ; the occasion is too solemn for controvers3'. But if 3-011 have 11113- considera tion for the feelings of your bereaved family who are weeping like mad upstairs, and for the undertaker who is iwaiting . inside there with the screw-driver, you will go and get into your coffin and behave. It's indecont to cany on so at your own funeral." Lines, : my'boy," said Shuckers,' " you have mistaken " — — ' "No, I'm 110b mistaken 3-ou're dead, technically dead, anyhow. It has been announced in all the papers, your relations have gone into mourning, the Board of Trade lias passed resolutions of regret, the sepulchre has been dug, up there . in the cemetery, and the undertaker has gone .to- considerable expense to inter you comfort-! ably. . Now, go and lie down, ;won't 3-011 ?" ' " Hang the undertaker," said Shuckers. "No, I'll not lie down. I'll see you in Kansas first." " Now, see here,' Shuckers, I came here to attend vour funeral, and I'm not going to be baffled by any unseemly conduct on the part of the corpse. Oh, 3-011 needn't look, mad at me 1— either 3-011 get back into that coffin so's the lid can be screwed on and the' procession can move oil', or I'll jiut 3'ou in there by force. ,lf inanimate, remains like' you can go scooting 'round in this iiiccn-' diary manner, we'll soon have the cemeteries unloading and the unnumbered dead crowd ing out and wanting to vote." Then Jones called the undertaker, who knocked Shuckers' down with a cane and held him until he explained, and' until the scared undertaker recovered his equanimity which .left him at the bare suggestion that the corpse was loose. Then the funeral moved on to the cemetery and Jones went home, while Sliuckcrs proceeded to an alderman's office to swear out: a warrant against the undertaker, for assault and battery." He intends to change his name to Dnykinck. THE MAN FROM PONY GULCH. He was a lantern-jawed, raw-boned speci men of a man, and he rushed into " the Oow,- bo3-s' Retreat with a whoop. ' ' ' , " Kcrbun-erwow ! Want to" know who I am? I'm the cyclone from Pony Gulch— the lightnin' and the howlin' ; thunder— the great untamed catamount— that's what I am" !" . - - "Course you. are," said Tootles, sooth ingly. "'You're the simoon of the desert and the terror of the hull country— that's what yon are !" " Whoop — I'm a bad man !" he howled, spinning round like a top. Then he jumped into the air, and came down' flat 011 his feet' so the building: shivered. "I shake the earth— that's what 1 do ! ; : .You; know me, Toot?" !-..' \- " Well, . I should say so; ole blue fire." : " You all know me, don't you, boys ?" ".You bet.?' h\ "Come iip — come up, every, mother's son o' ye, ail drink wine with the bad man from the Gulch." .Every- one' started- Tor The bar ; with the exception of a quiet st ranger, who sat in the corneiv with a queer little box 011 .liis lap. Come iip here you— yelled the Terror. : ." 1 choose to sit where I ain," said the strauger, calmly.' "If 3-011 xvant to:drink, drink and donT botlici- me," ! Every 011c wassti icken mule with astonish ment." 'Refuse ' to drink with . the Terror ! The man was cerLiinv tempting fate. ' , Y The :. Terror rubbed -Jiis liand"',over his forehead ' #; vacant kind of :.wa3-, : a? Though lie couldn't understand ; it. .. Then he let off a xvar-wlioop, ..and., liiade, three jumps for 'the straiiger. ' "Hain't goin' to drink with 'hie, hey 1 Won't drink with! ole Lightnin' when :yer asked ?" "::v- , He craned his ne'cl: forward .until his nose was within two "inches of the stranger's; who thereupon:: brought his Tiahd -.arbiiiid and -knocked the.faco out of his way. ; : ; " Yoiii- hrcat.h is awful,? was all he said ; and old' Tootles fairly' palpitated - with excitement. What would the Terror do now? Rushing into the middle !of the room, the' bad man began to undress. : "He's defied the C3'clohe, an' the cata mount's goin' tor spring I Tlie' Tightnin's goin' ter/t-rike. : Watch me." ' Then lie waltzed u)i to the ..stranger, 'and; danced first on one, foot, / then, on the other, with a great flourish of fists; b.ijb' the strauger, sat stock still, aiid lievcr Tnovcd' sd'tii'uch as a muscle. ' As a.'pi'elucle toYtlraggi.ngihiih'toYJtlie baiy the jiatl,. man caught.;, liojd of. the box ph-thA ,straiiger's knee, and iiiinVedjately.went dowii with a howl.TherVhegotup, shook' himself,' tried :it again,, and '.went' down again.' . This.was enough", and tlie cyclone subsided- into. a .mild zepli3'r, and wafted : itself rout of the door without a word. a .,; .-., : ; Then the quiet man got up smilingly, and took some cards from Ins pocket-.. : "I'm a, dentist, gentlemen, and . I pull teeth 'without pain by the use of electricity.. My lightning is good, for 3-011 have just seen it strike. There is my curd. Twenty-five cents per tooth. 1 will be with you for a few. days in the. rear of Mr. Barlow's stove. Give me a call." And it is 110 fiction lo observe that- all Sky town tried that dentist's lightning—, simply because they had either seen or heard how it had floored t-fie bad mail from .-the Gulch. - . absence. " II absence makes the heart- grow fonder," I said to her last fall. " Perhaps, dear one, I'd belter wander, And not come back at all." And she? Ah, me ! She whispered low, ' You'd better go, For absence makes the heart grow fonder." Don't be a lazy man, for lie can only shovel snow in summer or cut grass in winter. Therefore he is always out of a job. The spendthrift whp 13 apt to seatroet sbt - " % .4 