THE Melbourne Gup. Australia's Eacing Carnival. A FINE DAY. Enormous Attendance. PJLTROW WINS Defeat of the Favorite. Another Bravo Victory. Details of the Race. An Exciting Finish. The Scene at Flemington. FULL DESCRIPTION. (By Tki.miui'K.T (ntoa OCR KtTCIAT. HKVJ1HHKNTATIVK.) Mkliiouunr, November 0, Tho groat race of tho year wab rim this after noon with tlio following result:— Welbourao Cup— 2 Miles. A handicap of 50CO rovn. ; second horso to receive 1000 and tho third SiOO sovs. out of the piqkc. Alter tlio declaration oi mo woiglits for this race thn winucr of any handicap fiat race entitling the owner to rcr.eivo a prize valuo over 100 savs. shall carry such penalty (if any), or cumulntiyo penalties as tho handicoppcr may from timo' to time impose and declare, provided that tho winner of tho A.J.C. or V.R.O. Derby of 1831 shall carry in thin race not loss than 7<t. (fib. 2 miles. (185 subs.) F. W. Pnrches's ch.h. PATRON, 4 yra., by Grand Flanour— Olga, fist, 81b., (II. CV. . . . . Dawes) I (Black, red seams and osp.) J. Pntcr&on;'s br.h. DEVON, 5 yrs.,l>y Mask Hobo— Tlio Wost, 7st. 121b. (Robson) 2 (Green, green and yellow cap ) W. It. Wilson's b.ro. NADA, -1 yrs. by iivuiuii-iuuoroBD, /w. in. oiorrisonj u (White, cardinal scams and cap.) E. Shicts'ii li.lt, BRUIN, -J yrs., by Nockers gat— Ursula, 7st. tilb. . (Powor) d (Black, cardinal stnoes and cap.) II. C. White's Paris, aged, by Grand master— Enonc, fcll)st. 121b. (Fielder) 0 (Scarlet, white cross and cap.) . W. Blackcr's b.h. Port Admiral, 0 yrs., hy Iliohmond— Footstop, fist. 51b. ' (Quinn) 0 (BIuo, white sleeves and cap.) II, Oxonham'R b.g. Pilot Boy, Oyra., by Gozo (imp.)— Kathlcon, fiat. Gib. (W. Dolaney) 0 (Violet, gold stripes, violet cap.) W. 2L Wilson'a ch.h. Carnage, 4 yra., hy Nor donfcldt— Mersey, Oat. 2tb. (Jos. Gougb) 0 (White, cardinal scamond cap.) J. Cripp's b.h. Tarcoola. aged, by Now- minster— Imognnc, 8st. llfib, (Cripp's) 0 (Dlnn, gold spots and cap.) D. O'Brien's b.h. Loyalty, -.1 yrs,, by St. Georgo— Fair Noll, 8nt, 121b. (Cusdiri) 0 (Rose and black stripes, black cap.) J. Mnyo'a br.m. Lady Trenton, 5 yrs., by Tronton— Black Swan, 8st. 111b. t . . . . (Williams) 0 (Black, blao sash and cap.) W, KoJbo'b b g. Nnwman, Oyra., by New- minister, 8at. 31b (Parker) 0 (Cc'riso, black sleeves and cap.) W. T. Jones's Lord Randolph, 5 yrs., by Newmiuater— Primrose, 8«t, 21b. (Saun dors) 0 (Black and yollow diamonds.) J. Brown's b.ni. Niglitingalo, aged, by Som nus (imp.)— Goldfinch, 7st. 181b. (Bridges) 0 (Brown, bluo sleeves and cap.) D. Denlahv'a h.1>_ Rnnda. ti vm.. Iiv Trnnl/in —Mono, 7st. 121b. . . (Jno. Gougb) 0 (Crimson, whito sleeves and cap.) K. A. Miller's ah.li. Tridontato, 5 yrs., by Trident— Allio, 7st. 111b. (Ramago)' 0 (Cardinal, black sleeves and cap.) G. Davia'a b.h. Tim Swivellor, by Swivollor — Burlosquo, 7st. 101b. . . (Mooro) 0 (Brown, rose cap.) W. R. Wilnon's cli.c. Havoc, -i yra., by Nor donfcldt— Frailty, 7at. 101b. (Sanders) 0 (White, cardinal soams and cap.) I. T. Carslalm's b.h. Straightfiro, 5 yrs., by Orand Flaneur— Crossfiro, 7st. 81b. ' (Darby) 0 (Scarlet, black cap.) ' Bailny and Orr's b.h. Dreamland, 8 yra., Tronton— Nightmare, 7st. 81b. (ifiornojj 0 (Black, red sash, white cap.) T. Bnrnott's br. or bk.lt. Capstan, 5 yrs.. by Sheet Anchor— Commerce, 7st. 71b. (Ivemy) 0 (Black and yellow diamonds.) E. ICoy'fl b.h. RuenaU, 5 yrs., by Grand Flaneur— Olga, 7st. 71b. , . (Moran) 0 (Brown, gold sloovos and cap.) T. Wilson's b.g- Thu Goldan King, 0 yrs., by King of tho lling— Namoi, 7st. (Orr) 0 (White, bluo collar, ouiTs and cap.) J. Mayo's bl.g. /Kolas, 4 yrs., by Golds brongh— Whirlwind, Oat. 121b. (Cook) 0 (Blsok, bluo sash and cap.) C. M. Lloyd's br.c. Malachito, 11 yrs., by Chontor— Moonstone, Gsl. 121b. (Gardner) 0 (Blaok, yellow sleeves, white cap.) S. -Wost's b.h. Taranaki, -1 yrs., by Albary— Axiom. Ost. 111b (M'Farlane) 0 (Black, bluo sash, black aud bluo cap.) ' S. Miller's br.c. Preston, 3 yrs., by Robin son ' Crusoe— Bluo Eyes, Qst. 101b. .. - (Pearson) 0 (Red, red and whito alcoves and cap.) J. B. Clark's br.c. Chcstorinan, 8 yrs., by Chester— Episode, Ost. 81b. (Luckman) 0 < (Brown, pink 9lcoves.) "Including 7,1b. penalty. Tho racing event of tho year is over, and Patron's nAtno is inscribed on tbo roll call of Cup winner. Once more tho warmest of favorites was beaten, and an outsider galloped homo. But though ho was an outsider, tho pleasing fcatnro about it is that tho best horso in tho raco won. It was a fino race, ono worthy of tho traditions of tho Cup, and tho magnificent finish will bo romDinborcd as long as at Flemington and Randwiclc " Tho hoof thunder ia blended With the whistling and cracking of whips." Tho weather was nearly all tlmt could bo de sired, despite the fact that yesterday (Monday) it rained in such a way that visions of another Glenloth woro indulged in, hut tho cirauin stauco that Rucnalf, .tlio favorite, had a light weight, fully two stono less than he was entitled to, waB sufficient to causo his backors no unea&inc;&o.; Wot or dry Rucnalf was con sidered a "moral" for tbo Cup, and it is ox trcmoly doubtful if a hotter favorito ever started for tbo great ruco than this fivo-ycar-old son of Grand Flaneur— Olga. After hia easy victory in tbo Melbourne Stakes on Saturday, whoro be met his most formidablo opponents on abont two Btono hotter terms than to-day, ho simply paralysed all the betting, and 2 to 1 was snapped up eagerly. In view of possibilities, this hottest of hot favorites was very carefully guarded, and on Sunday night his owner, Alder man Keys, of Sydnoy, on going to visit his box, was nearly shot in mistako by the sentry on guard. The morning broko fair despito tho gloomy prognostications, and although heavier than usual tho going was in very fair order. Tho attondauco was extremely largo, and o'xcceded 100,000 persons. Molbourno was completely cosoncu, tlio whole city Having givon nseii up to tho national holiday. Tlio scouo on tho stands and tho lawn was a brilliant ono, and tbo bright and varlcgatotod " 3up " cob tuines of tlio ladies mado as attractive a display as over tlioy did in tbo " boom " days of " Mar vellous Melbourne." To soo tho- scono at Molbourno this afternoon ono would think that thcro was nothing but prosperity and happinoss in tho oapital city of Australasia, and that tbe gaunt epcotro of Want had not mado its ap pearance in tho city. ButitwasCupday,andno matter how dull tho times may bo, or how keen too ravages of pauperism may press in their great city, Mclkoumians give thomsolves a holiday on this ovontfut day of all days. Bad indeed mast things-bo if peoplo cannot afford to treat them selves to ono holiday in tho year 3omo woro of opinion that thn lawn was not so crowdod as it was in Bravo's yoar and Carbine's year, but I saw both tlioso Cupa and am of opinion that this afiornoon tbo lawn was just as crowdod. Every ono admitted that the hill and tbo fiat worn as crowdod ub over they wcro. The stands wcro thronged to exceaB. If your readem glance at the picture block of Flemington, which I sent you last week, thoy will soo tho positions of tho onormous multitude. Every bit of available apnea ou that centre flat was covorcd by tbo csgor thoUBtndf, and norass on thcHmithflold tend could ta leua the multitude. It was on« vast Hca of faces, nil eagor to got an answer to tho nil important question of " What is going to win tho Cup? Is it Ruonalf? " Tho Vico-Hcgal party arrived in time for tho first raco. It inclnded tho Earl and Countess of Hopoloun, Sir Robort Duff, Lady Duff, Miss Duff, Miss Heather Duff, tlio Earl of Kintoro, Sir William Robinson, Viscotmt and Viscountess Gormanston, Lady and Miss Norman. Thus there were flvo Governor's of the Colonics and their wives, and tho wifo nuddaughtor of a sixth. Ono was rcmindad of what that rathor sevcro critio, Max O'Rell saidon tho occasion of Glonloth's Cap : "I went to soo tho Cap raco. It was frightful " weather, but, in spito of tho pouring rain, there " woro nearly a hundred thousand peoplo on tho "grounds, that is to say, ono- tonth of tho ontiro " population of tho colony. Had tho weather " bean fino tho crowd would havo been nmoh "larger still. In bucIi weather tho Parisians "would havo hesitated at the idea of going to "Auteuil, or Longcliamps, but hero wcro people " who had como on a five day's eea voyago from "Now Zealand, others who have tnkon long " journeys over land, to sco tho racing, and what " was the rain to thom. Thoro were tlio Govor- " nors of throo colonies, accompanied bv thoir "ladies and suites; thoro wcro inorabors'or tho "Legislative Council, who, having just passed a "sovereBill against betting, had adjonrncd for "Cup weeks thoro was tho pick of Australian " Society with ito bravo array of lovely women in " elegant attiro. Sorao important affair of State,' " said I to a friend, ' is, I suppose, tho cause of " this rendezvous between tho Governors.' V ' Certainly, ho replied, ' tho Cup raco is tho " most important ovont of the yoar.' " Had M, Paul Blouot boon thoro this afternoon what would he havo said ? I bcliovo ho quotes some where in his book Lord Ilosubory's exclamation when ho wout to boo a raco at Flemington: This is not a raco mooting ; It is a drawing- room entortaiiimont." I wonder what Lorn Rosebery would have thought of tbo sceno at Patron's Cup ? Perhaps, in ono sonso, he would not bo quite as pleased as at the scono at Ladas' Derby, but it would bo interest ing to know his opinion on thodifforeuco between Flomiogton ou Cup day and Epsom on Derby day. Racing opened badly far backers. It com menced with thoHurdlo Race, which resulted in a victory for an outsider, Figaro. Thon followed tho Raltway Handicap, which went to Iilium, anothor oulsidor, Tho Kensington Stakes brought an agrccablo change for Killiccrankio, starting at cvoa monoy agaiust tho field, fairly romped homo in good tirao. This put backoraon good terms with themselves, and was considered a good augury for tho great raco. Then camo tho great raco ot tho day; tho great raco of tho year. As the bell rang for tho riders to saddlo up for tho Cup tho sceno was one worthy of being romombercd for a lifetime, and to tlioso who eat? it for tho tlret time — aud thoro woro many— it was simply indescribable. Tho Birdcage was thronged with owners, trainers, jockeys, and tho publio, all eager to look at tho Cup candidates. Tho favorito, Kuenalf held a great lovco, and it was only only with difficulty that ono could get a glance at tlio Sydnoy crack. Hia gallop in the Stakes Boomed to havo improved him. His owner, Alderman Koys, roqiarkcd to tue, " 1 thiuk lio will win ; if ho doesn't, ho ought. Somo think lie was a bit short of work, bat that pipe oponor in tho Stakes ought .satisfy them, I was a bit dubious at ono timo about bis shoulder, which got hurt in tho train somo time ago, but ho has stood tho winding up gallops, aud whatever boats him will win." " What do you moat fear?" I said. " I am afraid of nothing " ho said. " Ho will simply smother thom for pace in tho raco home." But despito Ruenalf'a strong favoritism with tho publio, soino of tho othor stables wcro confident that their candidates would beat him. Tlioevcrdongerous St. Albans' stablo were very confident about tho chanco of Nada, although through old associations the Eublio would stick to Carnage. Tho maro had eaton tho runner up last yoar in a great trial, on tbo strength of which tho stablo backed her to win i'80,000. Whou Mr. W. R. Wilson fanoicsa horse ho backs him. Tho Patterson stablo was a 60 confident about Dovon's chanco, and tho Lull dog manner in which ha finished in the Caulflold Cup gavo thom good grounds for thoir support. But next to Kuenalf, Tim Swivollor had tho best support at tho sturt, and tlio monoy wont on to him at suoh a rate that ho shortouodfrom 1-1 to 8 to 1. Tridentato looked very fit, and was backed for a small fortune. Little Paris looked well, und was a favorito pick for a place. Bruin bud many friends, and his ownor and tho followers of Patron's stablo also scorned confident. I thought tho heavy going, and his big weight would bo ugainst Patron's chance, and remarked to his trainer that liis full brother (Rucnalf) hold I'atron safo. ITo only Btnilcd and replied, "Wo shall see." Wu did. As I havo said thoro woro somo fluctuations in tho betting, Tim Swivellor coming with a rash. Rucnalf Blightly cased, owing to a lot of swoop monoy coming into tho market, drawers of tho horso in Tattersufi's Sweep naturally wishing to hedgo at the good prico or 2 to 1. His actual starting prico to-day was 100 to <10, although nno or two small parcels wuro laid at 100 to 85. Tim Swivollor wss at 8 to 1, Dovon, Tridontute, and Nada at from 12 to 15 to 1, and from 20 to 100 to 1 tho others. Golden King who hailed from Tom Wilson's over dangerous Ballarat stable, was well backed at a long prico. . Patron wont out at 33 to 1, and I saw 100 to 2 laid myself, but then not much money was availablo at such a prico, which must bo regarded as moro nominal than real. It depomled on how a man's book stood. Ono leading bookmaker who laid tho double Paris and Patron vory heavy— to tho extent of £10,000— naturally refused to lay anything about him, and baoked him instead to save hitntulf, but another who had not laid Patron would havo no hesitation in laying from 35 to 50 to 1. A field of 28 saddled up, As they passed round to tho starting post, I wau reminded of tho vivid lines written tho year Tim Whifilor boat the daughter of Fisherman :— " Tho boll has rung, with tlioir riders ap At tho starting post thoy muster, The racers stripped for tbc Molbourno Cup, AH gloss, aud polish, and lustra. And tbo courso is seen with its emerald sheen By the bright spring-tido ronowed, Liko a ribbon of green stretched out betweon Tho ranks of tlio multitude," Tho first to mako his appearance on tho courso was Mr Miller's Preston, tho winner of tho Meonie Valley Cup, and tho tlircc-yoar-old son of Robinson C'rueoo and Bluo Eyes, looked fib to raco for a kingdom. Tim Swivollor followed, and tho multitude crowded forward to havo a look at tho hardy horse, who won a Caulficld Cup, but did not get it. Thero was vory HtUo delay at tho starting post, and for tho first timo on record, tho familiar flguro and flag of Mr Watson woro missed. Goorgo Watson and his flag nro numbered with tho past now, for tq-day tho flag system of starting received ita coup do grace. Tho starting maclnno supersedes tho flag. Johnson's and Glccson'a machines woro usod and worked vory satisfactorily. Four of those machines were erected at different parth nf tho courso. Tho ono at tho Cup start was 17-i foot wido, so as to provide for a largo Hold. As some of your renders doubtless know the Cup rucc is started off tho main course, so that wlton thoy striko tho couuo proper tho liold aro in full awing. A glanco ut your picturo of Flomiogton will show this. Had it not Leon for Nada tho start would have -beeu instantauoous. But tho mare woo in- cliuod to bo rcatiro fa such a largo field, How oyer Merrlsoa soon got her tiadsr command, A otrango hush camo ovor tho niultitudo, tho electric button was pressed, ami, tho barrier boing released ab if by mnglo, tho iioarso cry wont up of " Thoy'ro off. So thoy woro to a beautiful start, the whole 28 moving a» if ono horso. As tho poet horseman, who won tlio Cup Stcoplechaso on Babbler, 28 years aao, hath it— " Tho flag is lowered " They'ro uff " Thoy Tho squadron in sweeping on— A sway in the crowd— a murmuring hum " Thoy'ro hero They'ro past " Thoy'ro gono S" They camo with tho rush of tho Southern surf On tho bar of tlio storm girl-hay Ami liko muffled drums on tho sounding turf Thoir hoof strokes echo away," Whon tlicy got into thoirswing tho first colors to show in front were the handsomo violot and fold stripes of Humphrey Oxanh&m; borno by telunoy on old Pilot Boy. A cheer wont up ns tho scarlot and whito of Fiolder was observed in tlio van, as ho brought tho great Holding, who won tlio Caulfietd Cup twico, alongside tlio latter. Tn closo attendance wore /Kolus, Patron, Taranaki, and Dreamland, while ot tho licad ot a thick bunch wcro Preston and Rucnalf. As thoy struck tho main courso Prcstou took the lead closoly attended by d-'olus and Pilot Boy. Dosplto tho heavy going, tlio paco was now increased. As thoy draw noar tho distance on tho straight, noar to tlio Stand, wo could got a ' better view of them, and in rcsponso to tho general query, " "Whoro is Huanalf? " one could Bay that ho was not difficult to find, as ho was already among tho first six. " Whoro is tho favorito " said a friend ab my olbow. " IIo is in tho samo placo that Corbfno was four years ugo ns thoy passed tlio same post," said I. But as I spoko they swopt past tho distance and on to tlio Stand. Preston was still in tho lead, with /Eolus close up, and closo bahind him wura Dreamland, Taranaki, Paris, and a host of others, but Pilot Boy and Patron scomcil to havo dis appeared. On tboy camo to tho Btaud, and swept by " A rainbow of riders aud steeds." As thoy passed tho Judgo's box, in front of tho Grand Stand, Preston was still In the load, and thon camo Malachite, Rucnalf, Bruin, /Kolus, Droamland, and Nada. Closo to tho lattor wob her 6tablo companion Havoc, and Carnago was in tho ruck. I did not notico Pilot Boy as thoy swopt by, but I caught a glimpsoof Patron, and wbcra do you think ha was? Second last, only a neck in front of Lady Trenton. " S'help mo," remarked a Hebrew molaltician near by, " poor Patron bos nob much show, has lie?" And to tell tho truth, I would not at that timo havo takoa 1000 to I about him, as ho seamed to bavo no possible chanco of getting through tho formidablo cquino pblanx in front of him. Rucnalf had a splendid position, and Moran looked as if lie moaut to stay in front. As tlioy swept round tbo bond Preston still maintained tho lead, the paco being u craokcr. Droamland now ran up into eocond place, and then ciiinu Malachite, /Eolus, Drum, and Nada. Huddunly a shuut wont up, and I saw Carnago emerge from -tho ruok as they approached the Saltwater River, with Pilot Boy and Bonda in attendance as they draw near Nada. At this juncture Patron was still in tho rearmost division, although lie. had slightly improved his position, and behind him was Devon, It was a pretty night as tlioy, awopt by tho Saltwater, with tho gallant Preston 1 still hi tho lead. But tho cratwhilo Dorby favorito was not yot dono with, and a shout wont up ns down by tho bridge which crosses tlio Saltwater, tlio black, red, and whito colors of Dreamland shot to Hut front), and ho led tha fluid along towards tho Smithfiuld road; A hoarse roar went up of " Rounolf wins." "Can bo Rtay it out," said nomo ono at ray olbow," but RuenaU looked as if ho coatd stay it out for a month. On thoy swept at tha back of tho course, Dreamland leading with Kuenalf on hta flanks. of which was .Eolus, Bruin, and Malachite, followed by Nada, Pilot Boy, und tho ever green PariB, who, despito his heavy woight, was going utrongly, und gave every pro- miso of being able to play a pa?t in tho finish. Preston wan closo to Paris, and , Patron had slightly improved Ins position in tlio rear, tho wholo lot being whipped in by Port Admiral. In this order thoy swept along thu back of tho couroo to tho .Abbatoiru, passing which tho favorito shot to tho front amid deafening applause. " It's all over," said ono punter, dosing his glass, "Kuenalf wulks in. An oven fifty lluonnlf wins," But none of tho bookmakers responded, and truth to nay at this juncture it was diflicuHto oay what thcro was to extend tho favorite, unless X'uda wus to do it. Onward tboy swopt past tlio Abbatoirs, and the loud cries of "They'll never catch him "could bo heard all round. I was reminded or Mentor's year at this moment. On that occasion Cyclops was leading his field by six lengths at tlio very same placo, and similar cries were raised of "They'll nuvor catch him; .Cyclops wins." But they did, and Cyclops did not ovon get a placo. After passing the Abbatoirs tho position of tho fluid was lluonalf first, thnu Dreamland /Koluu, Bruin, and Paris. Huddonly the latter shot out, and took up third position. . " I'll take two's that Paris is pluocd." roared a visitor from Sydnay-side, but again thero was no respoiiMi. Had Ito pick tho final thou it would bo: lluonalf 1, Paris 2, Nada 3. But several of tbo horses woro prominent close behind Paris, among them Tridontato, /Kolas, Pilot Boy. and Honda. Looking back I suddenly saw Dovon crooping up to the front rank. Only a moment ago ho \- scorned to bo last. Patron bad also improved his position. Ruonalf now took Ids fiold along at an increased paco, and his rider seemed to ho re lying on his advantage in tho weights to " burst " tbo field, or clso lio wanted to keep in front to avoid getting Dumped. Hub tho othurs bung persistently on to him, and though tho pace was a cracker ho did nnt ocnin to shake them off. Thirty yards from thu Sheds tho ordor was RuenaU, Dreamland, Paris, /Kotos, Nada. Triilnntftlo. I)ni-ftn. Itnmlii. T i I n ( Hnv. ' Itunnntl wins" was still tho roar as thoy raced to tlio Sheds, and still Moran had not taoved on the favorite., Suddenly a loud angry roar announced a chango, and there was no need to look a second timo tn sco the reason. It was ogamochallongo from /Kotos to tho favorite, tho cliallongo of a rank outsider to a warm favorite, And tho publio sceined disposed to resent It. " /Kotos," roared tlio bookmakers in strong chorus. "Kuenalf," retorted tho public, in nngry tones. Like a whirlwind, tho black son of Goldsbrougli and Whirlwind swopt on to tho favorito. und they passed tho sheds together, each struggling to ahuko tho other off. Moran mado a movement on the favorite, hut Mayo's black gehling was not so easy to shako off. Then came Taranaki, Nada, Bruin, Devon, Tridontute,. all guing strongly, A few strides further Kuenalf shook off /Koius, hut Taranaki thon came at him. lu this ordor they swopt around tho homo bend. Tarauaki dropped back after a moment, and ou thoy approached tho straight ovuryono wondered who would be tlio uoxt to challenge Kuenalf, Tho favorite had tho inside running, ami as they swept into the straight lio was cloar nf ovor.v thing. Next to him camu Devon, Taranaki, Porin, /Koluo, and Nada, while Patron was observed going strongly in a good position about ninth or tenth Just at tho turn Nada Hcuincd to cannon ugainst P.iria.who r.tumblod, and Fielder recovered Idin. self with Uillioulty. When the Jitllu fellow properly roccvcred his stride it was too lute to play a prominent part at tho fiaisl), bnt had it I not been for tlio sturoblo ho would havo Leon thereabouts. On they camo down thu straight, j aud Dovont Nads, and Taranaki drew on tha favorite, Moran was lust sitting down to ride him when a eerie of bumps occurred. Devon, on tho outside, swerved against Nadu, who rolled on to Taranaki, and ho crushed Jtuonslf against tho rails. A moment before Rut-naif seemed to havo the race at Ills mercy, hut now he was thrown out of his stride, and before Morun could rocovor him Dovon. X'ada, aud the others had passed, and woro already fighting out tint Cup finish. Tho public seemed slow to recognise tho fact tlmt tho favorite was beaten. But It was so, and tho warmest of Cup favorites melted away in thu ruck just ou the great prize was within his grasp, By this timu the distance had boon reached, and Devon wae in thu van, with Nada in close attendance, and Bruin, who scorned to drop from tho clouds, on their flanks. Cries went up of "Devon wins,'-' "Node," " Bruin." On thoy camo, stride fur stride, Now Nada untight. Devon, hut could not shake off the bull dog son of Muek Rose, " Nada," " Devon," yelled tlio crowd. Robson turned tho whip on Dovon, and so did Moirison on Nadu, and on they camo, hctul und hum, strldo for stride, with whips whistling and spurs piercing, amid a scene of groat excitement. Bo tlio half distance was reached. But what was this coming on thu outside with a wonderful run 7 Another Turcools, another Bravo ! What was this chestnut coming with the nisrvulloas run und passing his rivals one hy one as if they were stauding still 7 A momentary tiauso, aud thon a roar as ho was recognised, A oud roar of " Patron" — " Patron win," " Patron " Patron." Yea, it was Patron coming on tho outside with ono of the most marvellous runs over seen on Flemington or any other racecoursu ; Patron, tho lame horse. Patron tlmt some of tho turf experts uvowcu lust week was "a dead ono," and had not Hie ghost of a. chanco of uvnn seeing tho post; Patron with tha " dlckv lotiiionu " thmt would nover stand a Cup gallon ! Ye ft was Patron ; truly another Ifravo, On he come and in a inomont Dawes hod him level with the loader. Tho favorite Is beaten hut his younger full brother is not. On thoy como, Nod. Devon, Patron, and as thoipoct horseman would have put It Tlio shouts of the King fora space subside, And slackens tho bookmaker' roar, Now Robson rally— Morrison ride, As man novor redo before, White Ruonalffn backers frown at fate, When Tim Bwivuller's friends are dumh, When hushed in thu cry of " Tridentato " Alouo in tbo race thuy como. They're neck and neck, they'ro heod and head, Thoy'ro stroke for stroko in the running, Tim wnalobono whistles, the steel Is red, No shirking as yot nor shunning, Ron of Grand Flanour, prove your birth, Dovon wjJJ tako Jot of choking, Thn hot broatli steams at your saddle girth, From his scarlet nostril smoking. " Devon," " Patron," " Nada," was tho cry' For a moment they seemed to hold tlio son of Grand Flaneur, hut that wonderful run was not lo bu dented, and drawing away In tlio I last fifty yurds thu full brother to Kuenalf, amid u. sceno of indescribable uxcito- mimt passed tbo post tbroo-quurtcrs of u length ahead, and tho Melbourne Cup of IttM was alt over. Devon just boat Nada on tho post hy a hoail, white Bruin was closo np threo.qurtorof alengthaway. Chcstormau wjioosmo/astattliu finish was fifth, but somo lengths iKihlmi Bruin. Purls, who had juet got into hfs stride, was sixth, Pilot Boy seventh, Preston ofghlh, Taranaki ninth, Btralghlflru tenth, Kuwiialf eleventh. Then camo tliu ruck whipped In hy Curnugo, Maluchfte, Port Admiral, end Lord Randolph. Timo, JJm, fflseo,, which is very fast considering tho liuavy going. At tho closo of thn raco a protest was lodged hy Mr. JCeys, owner of Rucnalf, against George Robson, the rider of Devon, on tho ground of interference, but after Investigation by Urn stewards tlio protest was dismissed, 