Sentence Suspended, " I vould havo him nine years a-lcillinK-'— OTirrtos. \- The light whioh piercod through tho small panes of the window and fell upon hor book was beginning to grow dim. Filmy shadows gruduftlly outlined themselves upon tho walls of tho room, mRrhiug the battlo be- tween tha rayo front tha hearth-flra and those from the setting sun. Together with tho twilight oame tho chill air, nettling down into tho valley from the Bnow-fiolds on tho mountains. Sho shivorcd and drew the shawl a little eloeor about hor shoulders. As she did eo hor oyes lilted to theelock on tho heavy otono hiuntol. " It iu growing Into," said oho ; "he will roturn vary Boon." Sho utoppod to tho door whioh led to the rear of .tho dwelling, and opolto a few words to the housemaid, in a soft, alcnr voice. Then, crossing to tha other aido of the room, oho stood for A moment by tha threshold whioh made tha lino between tho veranda and tho interioh It was the sido entrance to the house, and looking across a mazo of unkempt flower-beds one oould sea some distance down the road. Shu peered among the long shadows, but ho wns not in eight, Bha nturted to closo the door, but remembering that he would then not be nble to see the light of tho ruom, turned away leaving it open. The firn had burned low ; olio re- n ewed it with several largo pieces of wood, It began to crackle and blsza and tho light danced morrily upon tbo wall, as if it were oonfident of viotory over tho eun. Now sho arranged a largo wioker- ohair — his chair— in front of tho hearth and shook out its heavy Bilkcn oushionu. Over tho back ahe threw n velvet jacket of dark hno, end between the ohair and tha fire oho plaoed a pair of email but masculina slippers. After etandiug for a momont.with hor arms lean ing upon the back of the ohair, she suddenly bent her head down and kissed tha jnohet. Her fingers buried themselves in its soft texture with an almost hantio olutcb. Then she gave a quiet littla laugh, such as a woman of thirty who had onught herself in dulging in young-wifa folly, and resumed her scat by tho window, Sho was dircotly opposite tha open door, and by leaning a littio toward the firp she could see out into tho road. Yet sbo listened rather than looked, for sho knew that the first impression which would coma to her of his near dobs would bo the Bound of his horse's hoofs, ee they pounded upon the long wooden oulvort eome distance away. So sho eat, her vision drifting listleesly across the narrow porch to tbo gontly waving broaches of the trees. And she thought of him — of this man whom she loved with a pasBion that bad made her forget tho world. Suddenly ahe beheld an apparition just beyond the threshold of the door. There was an instant during whioh shs gazed with a questioning hall- fear. Then she under stood. It was only a dog — a gaunt, shaggy deer- bound, with large, long limbs and a wolfish head. He had aome upon the poroh eo noiselessly and so quiakly that he eeemed to materialise before her vision. Now he erouohsd and, watched her without moving. And sho itakonod with the ioy chill of dread. With a lo»g, hard effort ohe drew in her breath and tried to speob, but her throat was frozen, Sbo eat rigidly upright — staring into tho small gray eyes ol tho dog — dumb as the apparition itself. Bnt terror, like all tho greater sensations of tho soul, holds tenuro by a short lease. In a moment there was a reaction, and her mind was firm although bcr body still quivered. She tried again to speak, and this time her voioe obeyed. " Viking," she called, " eome here I" But the dog did not move. Sho repeated his name several times, speaking it louder and more firmly. Not a hair stirred. There was a doep, hoarse laugh, and a man's voioe from the yard eaid : " Yon need not try it. Viking is true to mo." She did not start, for now that , she hod seen tha' dog the presonoe of his owner was no surprise; but the blood, whioh a moment before bad dropped out ot her fasa, flushed baok, 'and every teatare was luminous with exoitoment. " Viking," called tho voioe ; "here I" The dog sprang up and suddenly left the . porah. Then there was the sound of a crash ing among the bushes and flowers, as though some large bcndlo were thrown down, and the voico eaid : " Viking 1 guard I stay brre I" Now was the moment to esaape. She eonld go out from the other side of tho house, run among tha trees, and regaining tbo road eome distance farther down, oonld' warn him of the danger whioh threatened hie lifo and hers. She jampad tip nnd started across tbo room, bat in that instant oame the heavy step on the verandah. It was useless. As she retnrned to tho ohair, the dork fiouro of a man . appeared in tba doorway. The spaae was narrow, the man immensely tall and large, so that ae he stood for a moment on the threshold bo seemed to oot her o£f entirely from the light ot the outside world. 't Philip!" . Tho man in tbo doorway bowed and thon enterod ohe room. He wire niad in garments etainod nnd tattoroil by long nes in rongh out-of-door life. A shaggy blaok beard covered the lower part of hie faee, nnd tho elouobed hat ot a mountaineer was drawn down over hie forehead. But hia olear, strong eycB were visible, gleaming in the dim light- - He oroBeed' the room toward the fire, still gazing at her fxoa. When bo oame to thfe obairwhiob she bad arranged before the hearth, hie eyea. suddenly shifted and fell upon the. jaokot lying over the baak. Ha lifted it np nnd held it at arm's length for an instant, glancing baok and forth. from hor face to it with a peculiar emilo. Then bis jaws came together with a snap, and gripping it tight in his' groat hands, he tore it to piecos. And the sonnd ot that rending was .strangely honlblo to her. Ha bruebod the chair to one side and came nearer to the fire. He did not notice the slippers, and tha besle of bis great heavy boots oamo down upon tboir soft leather,, crushing it like paper. Then ho etood still, and looked at her and waited. At last sho found vulco to speak, and the words, to her own surprise, soemed to be ut tered will porfeot calmness. " You have aome to kill ma." - The mnn startod hack. . . "Hal So that is what you were thinking, , . . Helen, how littio yon know mo 1" He drew his hand down tho edges of the rough beard, watching her with a quiet, al most gentle goso. And a great part of her terror suddenly - disappeared. If her life were spared, she could certainly warn ber lover in time to save him, "Only cowards kill women, "bo eaid, ' " Thon what is it— why are you hero ?" ' For answer, he lookod down at the torn fragments of the garment at his feet, and: thon through tho open door np the road. . " I understand," she said, almost floroely ; ' " yon intend to kill— Aim,'! It woald not bo. etrange if I- wished to take hie life," ho said ; " the recompense- would be small enough. Think of how much more than life he robbed mo, when he' lured you-away" ' . "Ho d;d . not lure mo," she answered, quickly ; " I loved him." "Yes. I bollovo that you did," "I lovo bim now," she hurst out, pas sionately— " a thousand times better, if that- were possible, tban I . did when we— we aome hero. Life for mo holds nothing but this love— all the rest is gono. Yet I am bafipy —you oan not ' understand— I cannot tell yon " Bha stopped, for his face wore a grim nnd torrlble smile, visible ovon under the heavy beard. \- 1 bava no danht that ynu were happy," eaid be, " though it isquito probable, as you say, that I fail to comprehend it." After a moment's eilonoe, ho continued : " Holon, this is a scene whioh I have often pictured to myself during tho past two years— when I should Stand tnnn to fane with you aud listen to what vou have to Bay in defenoe of your self and of him; I am curious to hear it all, Wll you not. i" on?!' He waut-u, but sho did not speak. a Como. You eay that yon loved him and that you were happy, well, that is some thing. What else havo you to offer?" ."Nothing," " Perhaps I was unkind to you. I did not intend — — " "No I no I" i " Or. it may bo. that yos felt I wae not trusting you as I should havo done?" "Oh, Philip, eparomol" Ha jfusbed up his bat and paesodhls large, broEzad hand over bis forehead, smoothing out the savago wrinkles with whioh it was oorrugatcd. His face was calm and etern— without anger, but also without pity ; and she, looking up through tbo fingorn with whioh eho had half-covered her oyes in an instinctive gesture ot ehame, tolt hor heart sink anew. ' It is Etrango, vory strange," eaid he, Blowly. She saw in his oyes what he was about to say, and, lowering ber hands from her faooj- looked steadily at him. " It is strange, Helen, that I should have loved yon so well daring these yearo we have been separated— and that I should still lovo you so well," "Yes; you must love me,' indeed," ahe said, bittorly. "I do, indeed," ho replied; "you have just aaid that I oould not understand how happy you havo been — and are, Perhaps you can not understand in what way I love you." "I can understand how you would show it. Daring these years yon have bunted evory where to find me, that yon might de stroy my bappinoos. At list you are Buo'eess- fnl " ' " At lasf— yes — as yoa say." "And you will kill him — I know that you oao kill him ; and you are strong and ho is not-_ — » . "Yes," ho interrupted, his face blazing again with' tha fury o'f hate, " I kill him. l.might meet him down the road — it ie growing dark. I oould seize the bridle at his boras, before ho discovered me, and drag him down from the caddie. Then, with thie knife I — — " tha wards ended in a long biBS. His rag's did not frighten her as his calm- nnes did. The picture whioh he drew was horrible enough ; but it had somehow beeor familiar to bur thoughts from the first moment when she had discovered tho dog. Her anger rose with his, and, springing out of tho obair, she confronted him with a de fiant, unfeminiae sneer. "Yet you say that yoa lovo mo, and yon know that this man aontrols all my happi ness in life." Ho stared at her blankly for an instant, as if suddenly recalled to tha sitnation. When bo spoke his voico wqb qaiet and sad. " Yos," ho eaid, " you are right. It is oo. Ho controls your happiness." Something in tho tone with -which he spoke oaused her to add, qniokly : "And I do not fear to trust him with it.1' " Ah," he said ; " that seems to oome trom yonr heart." ' It does." I 11 Thon I am afraid that I have more to toll yon than I supposed." Sho laughed eaofnfully. " I can imagine what you would say— that be will tire of me and—" " Sit down and listen." It was a command, not a request, and it crushed the words back into her throat. She obeyed, ' "First let me oorreot a little mistake," oaid he j " it may not seem important, yet it will servo' to make you understand my ac tions hotter. You say that I have spout all of these years eearohing for you, and have just found you." " Yob." ' "Tell me what became ol the dog whioh ho formerly owned." She startod and looked at him with won dering eyeo. " It was killed one sight soon after we oame hare by some strange animal." " By Viking 1" She drew in her breath, with a short, quick gash, and repeated, in a whisper ; " Viking 1" " Yob. Now tell me this. The oat'b-eye, whioh I gave to you and you had set in a ring for him — where is it ?" " Ho wao robbed — alyear ago——" oho began, faintly, and he interrnpted. " Ho waB sot upon lata at night on the road near the town, was he not, by a maaked highwayman ? Did he not deeoribo tbe man to youn-a. great, strong fellow, Bilent as a ghost,?!' Ab for the ring — ' " Ha Btretched out his olenohed band under her faco, and from one of tho hairy fingers tho oat'B-eyo leered np ot her. "Whilo yon havo beon living ont your brief span of happiness here," said he, draw ing baak his hand, " Viking and I have been quiesiy watching you from tha mountains abovo. His dog hampered my movements, so I had Viking kill bim. Often at night, whon you and be spent the ovening to gether by chis firo, I gazed on you tbrough that window. Yoa need not start and look around. I am here now, not there, For -somo reason, I could not endura it that ho should wear that ring— so I stopped bim on the road and took it away. " Why did I spars his lifo? Why have I, through all this time, looked upon his happiness as a damned soul watches ono in Ftradiso ? His death was from the first decreed in my heart, bat I have been content to allow tho sentsnoe to remain suspended. A uuuuKu times ho lias co-no within roach of my arm— and I have drawn back and oaid ' Not yt.' " He stopped suddenly, and sbo, banging upon bis words, oould not but Btammer the question : " For what reason ?" " Beoauss your happiness ' depended on him— aud I loved you, As long as he was truo to you, he should suffor. no harm from mo." ".Then what brings you now ?" Ho gazed long end fixedly, at her without replying. .Presently he said : . " Can it'bo that you have no suspicion ?" "Suspicion of him? None," she oaid, proudly: ... < Strange.! But now I romembor that two years ago I myBclt had no thought—" " I trust him, lor I. know that bo lovos me," ' "Yes, and I once trusted him for tbo s&ma; poor reason. Now, listen : you rarely go to the town below, and you do hot know how bis time io spent," " That is true." . But I liAvo those there who watohhis every movement. I myeelf, in disguise, have often boon noax him for hours at a time. I know— and you do not. Now toll me, Helen, in: tho years, that wo wero together — hus band and wife— did I ever cook to deceive yon ?" ."!- " No, Philip," she said, breathlessly. " Thon 'yon; may know that you hear the truth from me! now. This man no longer, lovos you ; ho has not. been true to you. For some'timo bp has. been planning to go with a woman .of the .village back to " "It is 2alBO.IV- " It is truo I. . This very night " It is false .1 will not believa it— I will not listen to it," . Sbo leaped from bcr ohair and otartod across the room toward the door, He grasped hor band and held hor firmly. - . "You Bball listen. It is part of your punishment. This man, for whom you' so readily sacrificed everything, has tired of youi and would throw you aside, ae you would - a flowor that has loot its perfume. Ho would danort you— abandon yon— ao you did me. Hie plans were formed some weeks ago, and -this do the night that bo set for his departure." Ho paused for a moment, 11 Well," she said, calmly. " Ynu do not believe mol" "No." VYet you Bay. I noyer told yon anything that was folee."- "Never, until now." !; IIo laughed savagely. "AVoll, "bo Baid; " the proof of all this Is not far away. You', are . expecting bim Boon?" ' ' V- "Every minute." - "He will not oome, Helen, he will never oomo to you again." ct'Ha," she. dried out, with a : sudden sotaam ; " listen — listen I Do you not hear it— the hoof-beatB of his horse ? Hc is oom- inK-r-comiog now I" She struggled to_wrenoh her arm free Ifrom his grasp. Ee loosed his bold and ' at rmied to the door. It had erownrquito dark without, thongb the moon wos slowly rising above tho tops of tho trees, " Viking," he called aloud to the dog ; " charge— down 1" ... Tha auimal orouohod lower , among, the flowers over tho dark objoat that ho guarded. Sbo continued to repeat : " Ho is coming — ho is ooming," os though her power of thought oould not paso beyond tho one idea. Tho man turned baak toward tbo contra of tbe room. Suddenly, with a suppressed cry, she fell on her knees at his fcot, hor hands olutohing the folds of his long coat. "My Godl" ohe screamed; "I bad for gotten. Ho ooraos to his death. ' You aro waiting to kill bim. Oh, Philip " " Hush, woman t" he oried ; " it is not he I" Tho sound of the hoofs of tho galloping horse oamo n oarer. " I know thst it is. It must be. Premise me that you will spare him.' You are wrong, I tall you. He loves me, and ie true tome. And ho is ooming back. Only spare hia life— I will bo your clave— . He tore hor bands loose from hisaoat,and, lifting hor to hor feet, pushed hoe baak into the chair near tha fire. "Listen — listen," he said; "I will pro- mieo you this. Whoovor oomes shall depart nnharmcd by mo. Do you understand?" Bbo bowed her hood, trembling. The rider bad oomo into tbo yard and was dis mounting near the door. The bright light of the hoarth-stone shone out over a small space on the verandah, toward whioh she turned hor eager eyes. " Bat this is not your lover," ho said, in a low whisper. Ho oame to tbe door just as tbe rider'e foot grated upon tho step. Sho, listening, presently heard tbe sound ol a Btrango voico. Somo one bring ing a note lor ber? From him? Sho otartod up, her hands pressed together, and her heart beating wildly with an an guishing dread, . What did it mean ? Now the rider mounted again, and thoro wae again tbe thud of tbe hoot beats. They passed down tbe road, growing fainter — fainter— in tho etill air. Through tbe opsn door she aould eco beyond tho fire-lighted floor of tho porah, out under the trees. There was a great round spot of white where tbo strong moonbeams centred tbrough an opening in tho brunches. How round it was, and bow whito 1 It was odd that it should form that oirolo just where the dog lay. And tho katydid's note waB so shrill, but all else Bilent. ... At last I His dark faoo appeared again in the doorway. In his hand lis held a small white envelope extended toward her. She longed. to reaoh out and grasp it. bather will eeemed imeqaai to tbe task of lilting her arm. " Here," ho said ; " this is for yoa to read. Shall I moke alight?" . "The fire— I can see," oho muttored, feobly. She followed him nearer to the flames. Ho pushed the note into her hand, and with trembling fingers she sought to removo tha envelope, "Lot me take it," he Baid, and in a mo ment tbe shreda of the envelope were flutter ing to tho floor. " Now read." BhO took the letter from his hand and held tho opened sheet so that tbo fire-light Bbono full upon it. As her eyes fell upon tho firBt words, she shivered and thon cringed as if under the blows ot a whip. "Go on," ho oried; "read all that he has to say." Bnt oho did not hear him. Her oyes wero dizzily following the linos down the pago. " Now yon will understand why hissentonoo is no longer suspended, and why I am hero to- night." The paper dropped from her hands, and ohe looked up at him. " Oome," hesoid, hoarsely; "there is one thing mora. Got np 1 Ha, you shall oome if I must drag you. You need not straggle. There, do you see in the moonlight — out of the way, Viking I — do you oco it ?— aoma oloser to tho edgo of the poroh— his white feoe turned upward among the flowers f I killed him only an hour ago, and brought him here — to you. "Oome, Viking I Lot ns go baok to onr mountains." 