Rellgtoiu Services. baptist church. On Sunday morning last an in memobiam service as held in the Ke rang Baptist Church on the death of the late Mr Magilton, Baptist mission ary at Koondrook. The interior of the building was draped with black and there was a large attendance. The Rev. F. J. Wilkin B.A., who had come from Melbourne specially for the occasion, preached the funeral sermon, taking his text from 2 Cor. v. 1 ' For we know that if our earthly house of thi3 tabernacle were dis solved, we have a building of God, a house not made with hands eternal in the heavens." Mr Wilkin started with the idea that death reigns every where. Every home has been visited at some time by the Destroyer. Mr Magilton's death was not unexpected. The deceased gentleman had been en gaged about four years in the work here. The feet that had stood in the same place as his (the preacher's) were .now treading the golden streets of the New Jerusalem. He (Mr Wilkin) had probably been more inti mately connected with Mr Magilton than any one present. He felt that his death was to him a personal loss. He had looked upon him as his right hand man in the work. Referring to the text Mr Wilkin said it recalled comforting truths to the Christian. Hume when he was dying said " Now JL take a leap into toe dark." _A dying Christian said " 'HowT move into "the light." We have this knowledge because of the longings universal in the human breast pointing to life eternal. Another sourceof knowledge was the fact that Christ had risen. The relation ef the soul — the immortal part of man — to the body was the same as the relation of a man to liis dwelling. The house was not the man, the body was not the souL Materialists asserted that life was merely a modification of matter. No; the soul was distinct from matter alto gether. The contrast between the present body and the immortal spirit was as great as that between the temporary tent pitched in the wilder ness and the properly constructed resi dence founded on a rock. Then, too, our present body was like the tent in its pilgrimage and daily changes, adapted te our present needs, yet liable to corruption, bnt the body we should have hereafter would be a house of God eternal in the heavens. Their lately departed brother, Mr Magilton, was born Sept. 19th, 1864, at Happy Valley, near Ballarat. At the age of 18 at Port Campbell he came under the influence of religion. During a mission there he, with several others, expressed conviction. For six months longer he lived without joy in religion till he read a book by Read, called ' The Blood of Jesus." Tnis opened the full plan of salvation to his view and gave him peace. He at once be gan to work for God. In 1889 he was for six months perplexed about baptism, and then seeing it his duty was baptised in the Sherbrooke River. About this time he was engaged by the Evangelisation Society to distri bute testaments among the navvies on the railway works, and did good. He was afterwards sonfc on a mission to the shearing sheds to preach there. The Baptist Home Mission Society,, hear- -ing. nf JiinLthen secured his services anq sept him to tlijs district Ig Feb., 1890\. His one aim while here was to win souls for Jesus. He was a great Bible student, and never considered his own personal comfort or conveni ence whUe he eonjd minister to the needs of others, About last May he became unwell and though at times in great pain he never murmured. All through his long illness he never lost sight of his mission, but expressed his continued concern for the conver sion of many ig this district. About three mpnthg ago lje was advised to go to Camnerdown to trv the effect of a change of air. Rut he gradually sank agd died qg Rie 3rd of January amogg frig fpjegds. $q tiie last he speke hopefully, and shqrtly before his death sang " How sweet the name of Jesus sounds." He passed away peacefully to his eternal rest. Ig the jtej-pfjoil Mr Wilkin conduc ted a service at jdurr$i)it, and ig the evening at goqndrqok. 4 toe latter place tfie pbterch; draped in black, was crowded. The tost there was taken from Acts 11.24. "He was a good man and full of the Holy Ghost of faith. 