Political. There appeals to be a general feel ing in political circles in favor of Mr, Angus Cameron being appointed to the position of Chairman of Committees in the future parliament. Naturally, considerable reticence is maintained by the leading members of the Free trade party as to their intentions, and Mr. Held wisely refrains from giving any expression of opinion as to their future movements or possible appoint ments. ' In the first place,' said Mr. G. H. Reid in answer to an inquisitive press representative, ' I have no portfolios to give, and in the second place I am too old a campaigner to let fall a hint as to their probable disposal if I had.' On the question of the present poli tical situation Mr. Reid spoke plainly. ' It merely remains for the Govern ment to chose -which course they think it better to adopt,' he said. 'Whether they shall elect to retire gracefully, as their loyal supporter Mr. P. Hogan has advised them to do, or allow us to turn them out. Unless they pander to the Labor Electoral League, which they cannot honestly do, they haven't a ghost of a cnance, ana even ix rney ao so uiey cannot possibly get a majority. They will save much trouble and* delay if they accept the inevitable and retire like men ; but that they will eventually have to retire is as certain as possible. Much of the vaunted backbone has been taken out of the Government by the overwhelming pub lic opinion lately expressed and practi cally illustrated at the recent polls. As leader of the Opposition I asserted that the Government did not possess the confidence of the country. At that time, of course, that was merely an assertion that has been made by every leader of the Opposition since Parliaments had their being — in fact, the good old assertion would be made by Sir George Dibbs as leader of the Opposition to-morrow — but I had no actual proof, only my own conviction that such was the case. Now it is different. We have abundant proof. The country baa declared against the Government with no uncertain voice, and the Govern ment, willingly or unwillingly, have got to go. I am convinced that there ie more than one member of the present Ministry who is averse to clinging to office like apolitical limpet until it is knocked off the rock by the constitutional tomahawk. There are at least two men of independent means I could name who, if their pro fessions of high political morality are to be relied on, cannot possibly sup port the stubborn attempt that is be* ing made by the Government to re main in office. But we shall Bee — what we shall see.' A meeting of the Cabinet has been convened for 7.30 this evening, when it is pro bable the ultimate decision of the Ministry will be come to with re ference to their expressed intention of facing Parliament. All the Ministers were in their offices during the morning engaged in routine business, but nothing of public interest was considered. 