CRICKET CHATTER BT FELIX. Once more the yellowing leaves and shortening days tell ns that another cricket season is on the wane, and that before long the occupation of cricket gossipers will be gone until green buds come again in the joyous spring. I do not know why it is, but as I grow older I am fonder than ever of the manly game, and feel more than the old re gret in noting that we shall soon have to pack up our traps and be off from the practice-nets where we have had such whole some and invigorating exercise evening after evening during the pleasant summertime. Already the month is at hand when the hour of drawing stumps will be changed from half-past 6 to G o'clock, and on mentioning this to Sam Morris on the South Melbourne ground on Saturday, Sam observed " Yes, the footballers will soon chase ns off." I asked Sam how it was that portions of the turf appeared so parched, and he replied, " We've had scarcely any water for about a week. Something must be wrong, I think, with one of the mains." The centre, however, was as green as ever, find the pitch played in per fect order throughout the afternoon. If the pitch was perfect so was Jack Harry's batting. I was deliehted with his perfor mance, especially hia cutting, which for ease, finish, and vigour has not been surpassed this season. When the Jolimont captain, H. F. liovle, declared the innings closed at 4 o'clock, the score stood at 218 for 3 J wickcta. Thirty-four of these were made on the previous Saturday, so that in an hour and forty minutes (play | having commenced at 20 minutes past 2) 184 runs were obtained, and Jack Harry's Ehare was 109 not out. Just upon the three figures he gave a difficult chance to Begg at long-on, and so far as I noted or could ascer tain this was the only flaw in his admirable essay. Once he put lngleton up in the slips between two men, and, bar this stroke and one or two more, his command over the bowling was as complete as his timing was true. I do not think this enthusiastic and able cricketer ever played a better innings, and the hearty applause bestowed upon him on returning to the pavilion indicated the public appreciation of his fine display. Every Southern player to whom I spoke bore willing witness to the merit of Harry's ex hibition, Dr. Barrett in particular being highly enlogistic. Jack hit thirteen 4'B, and every hit was sound. He was telling all round the wicket, but it was his cutting that especially took my fancy, reminding me of W. Brace's artistic and brilliant cutting against Lord Sheffield's team, and of Hugh Trumble's graceful cutting when he made 146 against Fitzroy, The first East Mel bourne wicket fell for 42, the second for 116, the third for 116, and the unbroken partner ship between Harry and Laver yielded an addition of 102, of which Laver made 34 (not out) in his usual style. G. Vautin played in sound form for 36, which in cluded one fine hit that travelled like a shot past the bowler to the fence. Vautin came to grief through trying to hit Eemp. Not getting fair hold, the ball went up towards mid-off, where lngleton took the chance in good style. A. Carter totted up 21 like a cricketer, and was caught and bowled by Over. Off 288 balls sent down by the South bowlers, 200 runs were scored, [ngleton's fielding was superb, his supple ness of limb and long reach, combined with bis surprising celerity of movement, enabling bim to field balls which an ordinary fieldsman would not have the ghost of a chance of .topping. Sam Morris kept wicket fairly well, considering that this is the first mat;'n in which he has worn the gloves einoe 1886. When Sam went on to bowl, "Bill" Over showed his further all-round capability by j acting as Sam's locum tenens with the gloves, and I may say that though "Bill" is by no j meansaBlackham,he did not perform poorly. The Southerners fielded in good form all round, with the exception, perhaps, of Begg, who let one or two go through his legs, be sides missing the chance above mentioned. The Southerner who asked, " WhatisBow inan in the first eleven for?" will not ask that question any more during the remainder of the current campaign. Indeed, Bowman's innings of 77 (not out) on Saturday surprised everybody, for he not only maintained an impregnable defence, but now and then manifested a vigour and application of wood which I certainly never before witnessed in any of his performances with the willow. What is more, he hit a fiver to long on, an admirable Btroke which followed hard upon two foorers in the same over. Bowman'sglides to leg were up to his best form, and to cover be was correct and at home. The only feeble Bit he made was an uppish off-stroke off Laver. Bowman was most cordially received on retiring at half-past 6, and I congratulate bim on his capital display, which Bhould put )iim in good heart and fettle for the rest of the season. How did he hitthatone tosquare legoff Percy Lewis. H. Trottbatted very quietly for 21, and to a large extent his slowish play is attributable to a very nasty blow from one of his brother's deliveries. Harry was pros trated by tbe blow, and did not resume for three or four minutes. He was nicely caught at mid-off by Alt. Garter off Boyle, and this was the only ball of tbe veteran's that the accomplished Harry tried to hit. Ambrose Tarrant totted up 31 (not out) wristily and prettily as bis wont, but shortly after his advent to the crease he was badly missed by Boyleoffhis own bowling. The veteran's excuse is that the wind made the ball swerve at the last moment K Barrett made one sweet cut in his 13, and just when I expected him to settle down he played a shade too soon at JL E. Trott ana was caught and bowled. The doctor was let off, I may add, badly at short-Stop, by Percy Lewis off Costello. Eight Jolimontere bad airy with tbe leather, and tbe figures of H. F. Boyle are worth giving in fsil, vis.. 48 balls, 4 runs, 7 maidens, 3\. wicket The maidens were suoceasive, and the four was a leg glance to Bowman, j in the veteran's last over. He took himself off, I understand, because ke wished the batsmen to play a forcing game, and gey would not go at him, bis length tng so good. Carter did some fine irork at mid-off, and Jack fiariy, of donrse, was all there, Laver, too, being A1 at point Laver made a splendid jump for a ball, but only just managed to touch it. The Southern record was 146 for 2 wickets, and East were beaten by 45 runs on the first innings, The ground looked very pretty, especially when the declining sun extended the shadows and chequered tlie playing turf and the beauti ful bowling greens, where animated play and bias were kept up until brought to a close by hearty cheering at G o'clock, j A good deal of interest was taken in the closing day of the St Kilda and Richmond match. Cnpewell, as usual, had the pitch in tip-top order, and when the not outs, Fitz patrick and Wilson, resumed they found that the bowling came along minus any sting. Fitz. put together 32 (not out), and though I his batting was not spirited or attractive, he rendered valuable assistance by keeping up an end, and adding to the total by modest items. The patient and cautious tactics of Fitapatriclc served to heighten the pleasing effect produced by the resolute anu aggressive essay of Wilson, who was not despatched until he had amassed 60, the bulk of which resulted from strokes to leg and to the on. One fine hit for 5 off W. Kelly is credited to him, the ball bounding right into the Punt-road. Though Wilson got BO many runs on the on side or to leg, it was noticed that the bowleca had the majority of the fieldsmen stationed on the off. Finally Wilson was well caught by Wade off R. Kelly, and the popular seasider met with a well-deserved round of applause, for his innings, besides suiting the public taste, was exceedingly opitortune, augmenting, as it did so ruateraliy, the St. Kilda record of 143 for 7 wickets. Wocdhouse smote hard to the tune of 26, including four 4's in one over off R. Kelly, i He was not particular as to the class ] of ball he let go at, and he had the satisfac tion of steering clear of the field in his aerial efforts (our indiscretion sometimes serves us j well), and of playing & not unimportant part in producing the capital figures of 107 for the lost three St. Kilda wickets-figures which, with the 143 of the previous Saturday, gave the respectable total of 250. Richmond started batting at five minntes to 4 with 272 to get to win. L. Keogh aud Whitehead were the opening pair, and the former was soon bowled by M'Shane for a. The Richmond City junior, A. Green, was next, and the i spectators, of whom there was a goodly' muster, had a most entertaining exhibition for about half an hour, both batsmen playing in a powerful style, full of go, and not wanting withal in those artistic features which com mend themselves to the cognoscenti. Full handed plaudits greeted Green for his driv ing, back cutting, and judicious and safely executed pulls. A competent critic informs me, indeed, that Green's 39 was undoubtedly one of the prettiest innings my friend has seen this season, and that if Green sticks to the turi he is just the type of batsman likely to run right into the first flight. My in formant winds up his glowing comment on Green in these words, his was a really splendid display." lie was beautifully taken by that master with the glo ves, Kel ly.&nd; when hefell the board showed 2-39-72, made in half an hour. Tatchell did not set going with customary readiness, and just after his advent to the crease Ritchie beat him twice. But a miss is as good as a mile, and " Tatch" stopped nntil he had realised 42, which, though a good display, was not true Tatch'ellian form, except towards the close, brought about by playing on a grubber from Wilson. Whitehead played very well for 27, and 100 runs were posted within the hour. The advent of the grubber to the crease caused the crowd to tackle Wilson in the well-known Rich mond style of barracking, but neither Wilson nor his comrades cared a button, for the grubbers did what was wanted-stopped the run- getting to some extent. The remaining yellow and black representatives made no appreciable stay, and the innings terminated at 6 o'clock, St. Kilda winning by 10L I understand that one of the umpires felt called upon to throw out a gentle admonition to the seasiders relative to an apparent re course to tactics cal culated to cause retardation 1 of play not strictly in accord with the rule as to "fair jilay," but suggestive rather of the Houstonian method adopted not so long back on a certain enclosure known as the Warehousemen's. Having always enter tained the highest opinion of the seasiders as a thoroughly manly set of players, I feel constrained to believe that the information which has reached me is a shade overdrawn, and I shall be pleased if the St Kilda players afford me an oppor tunity of stating that there is no sufficient ground for venturing to bracket them with players who do not play the game as it should be played. It gives me pleasure once more to refer in complimentary terms to the wicket- keeping of Kelly, of St Kilda. As a matter ot fact, fais performance with the gloves was one of the leading features of this interesting contest, bis quickness of move ment to the wicket after taking the ball meriting as favourable mention as his taking from the field, while on the leg aide he was Blackhamian in his dexterity and accuracy. Judging by the score-sheet Melbourne and North Melbourne are playing for average, the former " declaring " at 274 for 5 wickets, and the latter at 112 for 3 wickets half an hour before the time fixed for drawing stumps. I am very pleased to note the con tinuance of W. Brace's fine form of the pre ceding week, when he pot up CI not out. On Saturday he added 108 not out, and so wound up with the capital figures of 169 not out Nearly all his strokes were made with old time elegance and effect, and no debit is down against him except a chance to point in the seventies. His contribution contains a fiver and sixteen 4'b, Walters, who was troubled with a contused eye, resulting, I hear, from impact with the leather during practice, had added j only two to his 10 when Ernest Bean got a I leg-before verdict against him. C. M'Leod shaped well for 37 (not out), bat Hugh, Trumble (16) was not seen at his best, nor, was Hugh M'Lean for a similar number. It j can be said with truth, too, that it was not! young Petyman's day out, and "Bob"! M'Leod does not for a moment fed disposed' to assert that his star was in the assendant, either with bat or ball. With the bat he, made 4, with the ball he bowled 30 balls fori 43 runs, and the man who is responsible! for the punishing aspect of these figures, iB Maplestone, who off three overs delivered by j "Bob" scored no fewer than 32, and re gretted that he didn't score more. "Mape's" display was remarkable for its vigour, his capitally compiled score of 62 being the outoome of only 35 minutes' play, the score then standing at 89. Maplestone was very cordially applauded for his entertaining and j powerful innings, which included several ex cellent strokes containing heaps of powder.] By the way, "Mape" informs me that this will probably be his last season, it bring hisj intention to settle down to a bnsiness pur-j chased for bim by his father, I hope, how-' ever,.tbathe will not have to devote himself so j closely and exclusively to business as not to be able to getaway on Saturdays and favonr us in future seasons with exhibitions of I hatting similar to that against M.C.C.' on Saturday. I know that I for one would be sorry to see so promising and genial a cricketer dis appear altogether from the arena. A good many persons are under the impression that George Bean is only a stonewaller, but if the " goal many" had been present on Saturday they would have found that George, as a Yorksbireman once said to me of Louis Hall, | " be a poonisher when he loikes." He was determined to pay the M.C.C. bowlers out for that nasty crack 011 the inside of the knee, and he carried out his determination by making 44 in a correct and much more than ordinarily spirited manner. Once in Eng land I saw old " Spoff." drop a Yorkshire | player as if he had been shot, by hitting him with a fast one on the inside of the knee, and a sympathetic old fellow from the rink cried out, " T' beggar owt t* ba chained oop an' niver let coom fro' 'is oan coontry." J. Howlett also made a double (14) for the North, and he was well caught by H. M'Lean. H. Trumble.took 2 wickets for 43. R. Houston was unable to tarn np owing to an injury, and a telegram to that effect having been sent by him, a sub. was allowed. As I was coming along Flinders-street on Saturday evening at about 7 o'clock, I saw a four-in-hand rattling along in great style, and it did not require a second look to tell me that Hawksburn were in the drag, and that Hawksburn had won. Their faces fairly beamed, and when I heard all about the grand finish and the intense excitement right up to the last ball of the match I reckoned that they were fully entitled to "beam" and to sing too. But I did not think much of their singing, though I hear there are one or two real warblers amongst them. Doubtless the Sydney-road duet had exhausted them be fore they reached the city. I congratulate them, however, Ttpon their splendid win. On my word, I got quite excited talking about it. O'Connor and Wallace covered them selves with glory, by being associated at an exceedingly critical time, for they j were the last pair at the wickets, and at the initiation of their partner ship as many as 28 runs were required before the "Hawks" could claim a victor}'. The (pound was crowded with interested on lookers, and every eye was bent upon the pair, every run was cheered, and as they negotiated ball after ball the interest waxed keener and keener. Presently Wallace gives Patterson a chance In the slips, and to the unbounded delight of Hawksburn he drops it. I shall not endeavour to give you a word picture of the Pattersonian feelings from the moment of missing that chance. Suffice it to say that no passing jest would move him to merriment. Bravely O'Connor and Wallace kept on after this slice of downright good luck, and though the Coburgers hold a consultation in the hope of discovering a weak spot in the armour of either batsman, all efforts to dislodge them are futile, and finally, amidst deafening and prolonged cheers, the winning fait is made, sturdy arms raise the batting pair on high, they are carried into the pavilion, compli mented again and again, and the spectators gliding gradually away, soon leave tneCoburg ground to its accustomed serenity, after one of the best and most exciting junior contests witnessed since the institution of the cele- j brated Boyle and Scott Cup competition. I should mention that Harry Hush got 41, O'Grady 22, O'Connor (not out) 20, Jones 19, and Wallace (not out) 17, The total was 163 for 9 wickets, and Hawksburn won by 1 wicket and 1 run. 0'Shannessy and Patter son took the wickets, and they were well supported by an energetic and earnest field. There appears to have been only one serious mistake, and that was the lamentable miss by Patterson that gave the match to Hawksburn, and enabled them to travel home in the joyous mood to which I have already adverted. This is Cobnrg's solitary defeat for the season, and the two teams meet I again to- day on the Richmond ground, when we may be sure Coburg will put forth every nerve to turn the tables on their up-to-now unbeaten opponents. The Jolimonters have been talking all the week of the splendid hospitality extended to them on the occasion of their recent visit to Hastings, where Mr. and Mrs. Peddle, at their hotel, did everything they .could to make the visitors pass a pleasant time. The unani mous expression of Jolimont opinion is that it was the best outing ever they had," and in addition to thanking Mr. and Mrs. Peddle, they desire to convey thanks also to the members of the Hastings Club generally. The luncheon at 11 a.m. and the supper were something to be remembered, and when you bear this from old stagers, such as Bob Greig, H. F. Boyle, E. B. Manning, F. Ware, and Major Wardillt then, indeed, the board must have been festive and laden with choice viands. Both Major Wardill and H. F. Boyle gave brief speeches, and expressed a hope that Bteps would be taken to make a good ground in the district, where there was so much evident enthusiasm in the cause of cricket. A feature of the match wob the bowling of the Major, who secured eight wickets tor 44, and was ss fresh at the finish as at the start Scarcely less a feature was the unexpected and resolute display of batting by the esteemed Essendonian, L. Dallas, who amassed on a ronghish wicket a score of 36. H. F. Boyle took 10. of Hastings for 21. The £ast scored 159, and the local eighteen C3 and S9, Cheers for Mrs. Peddle, a rush for the train, and heaps of fun on the return jour ney, terminated a glorious day. Bowlers had the beet of it on the Fitzroy ground, where the out-of- compefcition clubs, Fitzroy and Carlton, resumed their contest Moliins captured 5 of Fitzroy for 34, and Ellis 3 for 19, and (Pitcher absent) Fitzroy totalled exactly 100, to which the following contributed the small doubles adjoining their respective names-Cheswas (14), Worrall (IS), Fox (13), Hastings (11), Cook (11), and M'fcirdy (121 Poor aa the Fitzroy stand was, Carlton did worse, five of them tumbling down for 17, owing chiefly to the affective bowling of Bob Mitchell, who I bagged lour out of the five wickets. r For Eak against Tamar, C. W. Rock scored 124 oat of a total of 236. He made one 7, one 5\. and fifteen 4's, and only two possible chances are recorded against him. Tamar lost tyro wickets for 29. A verr pleasant natch 'was played on Wednesday' between * Avondale and East Melbourne on^ the East Melbourne ground. They say weight will (bell, bat though East Melbourne had two of the heaviest weights ever eeenon a cricket field, they were badly beaten_ by .Avondale, who numbered in their ranks that capital odd player, E. P, Hustings, also M. B, Holla. The iwwheoa .was a great success, provided aa it was by that prince of cricket caterers, Mr. F. Ware: and the thanks of all are due to Mr. JEL M. Goocb, who was the and*ent^tainBdhisfrien<£ in his character' iatio generoua manner, Essendon showed how well they can bat by putting 262 foe seven wickets against University, and their chief contributor was Doherty, who oompiled 88 in a style which extorted praise all round, Barmby was all there in making 59, and Carlton (37) and Thurgood ,(3p) were eeen to advantage. University won by 226 on first innings. A veterans' cricket match was recently played on the Albion ground, Maitland, and it has particular interest for old Melbourne cricketers in that the celebrated old bowler and hero of a hundred fights, Sam Cosatick, took part in it He not only took part in it, bat showed that his right arm still hangs with a touch of the ancient skill, for he sent nine ol J. Hourke's side to the right-about for 19\. Old George Moore was the only man to get into doubles amongst those who had to face Sam's bowling. Old George made 13. J. H. Brunker's Bide scored 166, to which that gentleman himself contributed 42 (not ont}, only 2 less than the total realised by the opposing team. Sam Cosstick's contribution was a modest 2, and he retired 1 b w. 1 notice in the list a player named Lipscomb. I wonder is that the Kentish bowler who, if I remember rightly, settled down in Maitland ? A West Australian item is to hand in the shape of a capital innings of 121 by W. P. Thompson for West Perth against Perth. His display iB reported as one of the best ever seen in WeBt Australia. A Warm am bool friend informs me that Thompson is a Warrnambool bred-and-born cricketer, and adds, "Visitors from the metropolis will probably remember the sunny-locked lad who used to play against them on the Warr nambool ground." For West Australia up to 8th February Thompson is on top with the fine average of 56*2, and he is followed by F. D. North (31*4), who delighted Victorians with his batting last year. The old Warrnam bool lad has a bowling average of 8*5 runs per wicket The Jolimonters intend to visit Warrnam bool at Easter, and 1 hear from that pleasant town that Greenwood has his eye on a beautiful wicket, and fully expects Warrnam bool " to tie the East up this year." 