PERSONAL PARS. Physician Sir Andrew Qlark left .£203,969 behind him. -David Syme's Age is now advocating a State Bank of Issue. Dick Seddon, the Premier of New Zealand, is a grandfather. There are 20 Labor members in a House of 70 in New Zealand. If anything kills the Early Closing Movement it will be high rents. The young Earl of Dudley's life is insured for £1,000,000. Is it worth it ? Peter McNaught, the New Australian, is taking a very pretty daughter to Paraguay. Eleven of the Queensland Labor members are, it is said, pledged to abstain from drink. \ MeCormick, one of the leaders of the so-called unemployed, ought to have been an undertaker's mute. Coin is scarce at Coolgardie, and the common medium of exchange is small nuggets and gold gravel. Emperor Bill, of Germany, always pays his railway fares. He objects to be considered a deadhead.' A French fortune-teller arrested the other day was shown by her books to have netted £400 in six months. * .Twelve months ago Quiz prophesied a revival in the gold industry. It has begun all over Australia. D'Aremburg, who is trying to teach us lessons in pronunciation, draws deeply from a well of Irish unde filed. Hopetoun wants to resign, but will remain if requested, which seems to be a flabby way of chasing notoriety. Salisbury is keen for an appeal to the people on Home Rule, but he is silent on the question of hereditary loafing legislators. The Sydney Bulletin has been making fun of the Premier's discolored suit. Charlie couldn't sit comfortably in broadcloth. Andrew Lang says that " the ghost (whatever its explanation may be) ife a fact which science can no longer afford to ignore." The Rev. C. H. Nield, the young " forward" "Wesleyan, is to go back to Gumeracha after all. He will raise his voice on the hills. Cricketer Jack Lyons is talking of going to Sydney, but Sir Edwin Smith says he will not allow him to leave South Australia. A new name has been conferred on Sir Eld win Smith by Mr. 0. Lyons—" The grand old man of South Australia." But he is only 61. Mr. H. D. Gouge, who has just been appointed Friendly Societies' Actuary, is one of the most able men in the Government Service. Labouchere, of London Truth, has an inordinate love of tobacco, an inexhaustible fund of anecdote, and ah income of about £10,000 a year. About the most lugubrious thing in lugubrious Adelaide just now is the singing by the " un employed " of " The Land for the People." The surprise in the forthcoming Legislative Council elections will be afforded by the Con servative nominee for the Central District. A man' on the Coolgardie field gave £500 for 100: gallons of water lately, r But,*then, he had struck it rich, and dare not leave his claim. Age Syme and Argus Haddon are very much like Labouchere and Edmund Yates.'! Their lives are devoted to politely proving each other to be a liar. Mr. Copley was nearly washed away when proceeding to Ward's Grampus Station the other day. Surely he must regard this as a bad omen. It would not at all surprise Quiz to find the Broken Hill district prove rich in gold. When silver fails the other metal will come to the rescue. Sir Edwin Smith has made up his mind to go into the Legislative Council. Which is a pity, seeing that he would' have made an excellent Mayor of the city. On the south-western shores of Greenland a pure-bred Eskimo is hardly to be met with now. A similar color transformation is taking place in Central Australia. The Rev. William Ready, was a London street arab, and when 13 years old had not learnt a letter of the alphabet, while he had not slept in a bed for six years. The New Zealand Government are buying up more private estates and cutting them up for settlement on perpetual lease. And, behold ! the heavens do not fall. A Glasgow editor recently returned a five pound note sent by an admirer, alleging that he "did not receive such contributions." Quiz is not half so modest. Try him. A psychological scientist states that " insanity in every country is more prevalent among un married men than married persons." He doesn't say which are the fools. The Evening Journal says that4 Johnny Bray was considered to be very like Lord Rosebery. The only point of similarity is that neither of them can raise a beard. The Primrose regime seems to be in for a bad time in England. That rare old Radical, Labouchere, cant stand an Earl as his master after a common Mister. A lady requested a Melbourne postmaster the other day to favor her with the address of "a widower, rather short, wears glasses, with one little boy two years of age." L. J. Lohr has been telling the New Zealand people that Coolgardie will prove the greatest goldfield that Australia has produced. Now, what does Louis John know about it. Perhaps the most open contest in the Legis lative Council elections will be that in the North Eastern District. Martin, Rounsevell, Basedow, and Russell will each have a show. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson, the new President ofthe Wesley an Conference, intends to work on Liberal lines. His speech last Saturday night read .almost like a Tiser leading article. Sir Henry Parkes is reported to have taken a large assortment of " fairy tales" to West Australia. The Perth people will appreciate these much better than Coolgardie shares. The Marquis of Ripon has promised the Earl of Hopetoun the same leave of absence as that granted to the Earl of Kintore. He doesn't con sult the people who have to pay the salary. W. P. Stock has turned explorer. He is going to boss a camel team from Oodnadatta to Cool gardie. Well, the bottom has been knocked out of the law, and camels are a much better invest ment. It was a most pleasant sight to see E. P. Nesbit and J. H. Symon each heaping up the other's plate with jam. When lawyers are unanimous, outsiders cannot do otherwise than rejoice. Sir W. L. Dobson, Chief Justice of Tasmania, is a long, intellectual-looking slab of humanity. He has a very considerable idea of his own im portance, and therein is very unlike our own little C.J. Coolgardie is not the only gold field in Australia. Blumberg Has been putting in a pretty big clkim for prominence. Ten pounds weight of gold obtained in two days ought to satisfy the most greedy man. McCormick and Stewart present the appearance of men whom a good day's work wouldn't hurt. They talk a great deal of nonsense, and therefore imagine that they are qualified for Parliamentary honors. Campbell, a member of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council, recently called Shambles Patterson " a reptile." But he subsequently withdrew the remark " bec&use; the simile was an insult to the reptile." Which reptile? . The 'Tiser's account of the "massacre" of Major Wilsons party in Matabeleland makes one think hard what Major Wilson and his party would have done with the Matabeles if the latter had not been prepared for attack. Stewart, the second in command of the un employed, is a red-bearded gentleman, who imagines that he is eloquent when he is only tedious. It is really surprising that he and McCormick have any followers. Louis Becke, one of the best writers of short stories in the Bulletin, will shortly publish a volume entitled " Challes the Doubter, and Others Like Him." He will not disdain the assistance of a preface by the Earl of Pembroke. Itv is all nonsense to say that Charlie Kingston went to Melbourne because he was afraid that Chaffey Baker was going to reply to his Gawler address. Charlie meant to go to West Australia, but was afraid of being quarantined. The Conservatives are altogether disheartened. Failing J. H. Symon, they have besought J. Darling, jun., H. C. E. Muecke, and A. L. Harold to champion their played-out cause, but without avail, and they now think that Dr. Todd might have a show for the Central District. Cricketer Selby, who has just died in England, was a member of the fourth English Eleven (Lillywhite's) that visited Australia. He was also a member of Shaw's team, 1881-2. Selby was a very good sprinter, but he was not regarded with favor by athletes, and so got very few chances of displaying his skill. A Sydney debt-collecting firm now sends round a cart labelled " Debt Collector" in characters visible to the naked eye half a mile off. When this gaudy vehicle stops outside a swell house whose owner manifests a reluctance to " part" the effect on the mind of the said owner can be imagined—the account is settled. It was noticed that a devout Melbourne man who attended church regularly with a large Bible always disappeared down a lane that led to the back entrance of a certain hotel. A curious bobby bailed up the worshipper one Sunday night and searched him, but it was only when he shook the Bible that he struck the lode. It sprang a good flow of beer. 