The Bing. ATJSTBA.LIA.Ng IN AMERICA. By the American mail to hand to-day we receive files giving accounts of the doings the Auetr 4ian pugilists in America. The principal event recorded is the battle between ' Fitsimmons and Creedon. As was briefly stated by cable, Bob Fitzsimmons met Dan Creedon at the Olympic Club, New Orleans, on September 25, for a purse of 5000dol, the bout being limited to twenty-five rounds. The attend ance numbered about seven thousand, among them Mayor Fitzpatrick and several members of the city Government, judges, and other prominent individuals. Fitz* simmons weighed 155$lb, while Creedon tipped the scales at 1581b. The former had for seconds Jack Deaipeey, Jim Dwyer, and *f jjid' M'Coy, with Sim Stern for timekeeper; Creedon was waited npon by Tom Tracy, Mi'ck Dunn, and Charley Davis. Frank Carambat was the official timekeeper for the club, while Prof. John Duffy was the referee of the contest. Time was called at 9.15, and the principals stepped to the centre and squared off for the fight. Bound 1. Creedon opened with his left, but swung wild. tie came back and touched Bob lightly with the lett on the neck. Bob laughed and thumped his right hard on the jaw. Creedon got in on the stomach, but Bob rapped him hard on chest and neck. Bob landed his right and left and staggered Creedon, repeating the .blows with -great rapidity. He hammered his man hard and otten. The round closed with Creedon attempting an upper cut, which went wild, 2\. Creedon dodged a left hand lunge for the stomach, be got in one on Bob's ribs, but he caught the left and right on the head and neck, and a fearful left in the jaw floored him. He waited for the nine to be counted before rising-, and Fitz stepped back and gave him plenty of time to get squarely on his feet, Creedon tried to get in close, but Fitzsimmons met him squarely with his left in the chest and a terrible right hand swing on the jaw. Creedon went baot afaont if teen feet, and Bob followed quickly and began to use his head for a punching bag. Creedon did not stand a ghost of a chance, and vainly essayed to swing his arms. He was bleeding from the nose and month. Fitz used his pile driving left for the knock out. .He arew back, sized up the coveted ; landing place, and sent the blood- covered ! gldve in like a shot direct for the mouth. j The blow landed with terrific iorce full on the muzzle. Creedon went down like a log and never stirred. Eeieree DuSy counted him put, and the crowd went wild j with excitement. Pandemonium broke j loose, and the referee called vainly for i quiet. Creedon's seconds jumped into the j ring and carried their unconscious prin- j cipal to his corner. The fight lasted just j 4mm 40sec. it was fully 5min before j Creadon regained consciousness. 