Trades Hall Opening. Tnn ; ceremouy of opening tho Trades Hall on Saturday - witnessed a .much milder display of oratory than' was seen when its ioundatiou'Btono wu3 laid. That event , is almost hoary with age. . The. dreadful things then threatened have not oomo to puss, but seme other things have, undone of them is the milder tone of aome who arc self-branded labour leaders, and who now seem to admit that there iii a little right on -the other side, nnd that thero yet is a long pull to the end of tho race ou which they have set out. If thero was one thing more conspicuous -than another in the address of the real rank and filo it was this : " Some, follows, caUed capitalists; hav'c long had, still have, and Are determined ever to huve, control of labour. Mow, wo follows, who call- ourselves workors, desire and mean to have control of what is called capital. / The fact is that tho providence of- this globe lias put tho two sets of us; in tho wrong place; we want, the posi tions roversed ; and also that' hi future; it should'be work that buys money und hot'; monoy that, buys : work," Thero was; another conspicuous feature in the gather-, ing, it was the division , of the .parties:' specially devoted -to this- movement, into wise and foolish sections. Thero were those on one side of the guping gulf who proclaimed, " Ho that is not with us is1 against us." There wei'e those who said, " "W'e will accept any friendly aid." There will be no difficulty in- the way of anyone who desires to have ought to do with this movement.. Mot a few, hut a very great many, in .this com munity will accept the challenge of the' mere fire eater ; they will Bay, " Wo are not with you, we aro '.against you as pose ; you are too 'contemptible ;. you cannot help your own cause a little ; you may damage it a good deal." These same persons will not necessarily render "friendly aid to everything," but will limit that aid to " every reasonable domand," and will, de spite the odium cast upon them, render, as' they have ever dono, such service as may;, befor the betterment of all. . Tho appearance of Sir Charles Lilley on these occasions is to some parsons like a red rag'to a bull ; they howl as if" in pain from some secret fear ; perhaps not wholly groundless to themselves. Some of these same persons used simi larly to howl at Sir Thomas M'll.vraith, ancl : bitterly to curse .him. .It .is not known that their maledictions ever reached the ears of the worthy knight, much less fell upon his alleged sinful soul. I'erhaps n similar result wilL now' ensue. In these communities all men -' are free to open their -.mouths without its being ot the risk that some foul individual will jump down their throatB. And, by- the powers, what would happen if some of those patriotic critics " were held up. between one's eye 'and the. sun? - S.ir.. Charles Lilley, should he return to puhlic life, and even now when he appears in; public, will.be, and is, open to the .'same.' fair play criticism 'which awaits all public' men(and. public utterances.. . Ho will get, them ; 'genuine lahoiur leaders 'are entitle to thorn, and w'ill get them from us. -But we promise that even fair criticism will not spare a/labour party "sb such ; there is. no need, for siiph a party. Fully 75 per cent of the workers in Australia are now. quietly toiling -and winning bread; ' The. howling comes from those who do not. work at all. But if even discontents can suggest or do a good thing, let them ho heard and receive credit for it. That they ever will do any good cannot.be bolicved, for of all the arrant nonsense talked about labour and cnpitalhy persons who own neither, nor brains that think about them, com mend to us very much said'by a fow individuals who . B'aould be relegated to the obscurity for whioh nature designed them. The sphere of tho Trades Hall iB just- as legitimate as that of the Chamber of- Commerce. Bub the former should cast out ddie cant about labour; as the latter should, and generally, does, avoid all Cant about capital." They- sposk of . commerce, not capital ; the former should -equally confine attention to practical things, and cease to trouble about abstract ones, which may chanco to have no more reality in their existence than, monoy amongst some spheres of commerce, or labour amongst some clamant labour loaders; or than Pepper's ghost. 