The Musical World. Verdi, -whose numerous works adorn the X.yric stage, is said to be now engaged in writing an opera on a most gruesome subject, namely, tho deaths of Count Ugo line, his two sons, and his two grandsons, in the tower Torre della Famo, at Pisa, in Italy, in the year 1289. The libretto will be based on the description of tho suffer- ings endured by. the victims ot the story, as given by the ghost or shade of Ugolino to Dante when the latter (in the Divina Commedia) visited hell. Led by the shade of Virgil, Dante saw with the eye of a poet, in the ninth and lowest circle of hell, many kinds of traitors and sinners, some of whom were punished by being plunged into a frozen lake. Amongst the wretched shades inhabiting that infernal region, the poet saw "Two spirits by the ice Pent in one hollow, that the head of ono Was cowl unto the other; and as bread Is raven'd up through hunger, the upper- most Did so apply his fangs to the other's brain Where the spine joins it." Upon being asked by tho poet relative to the reason of the apparent deadly hatred which the uppermost spirit cheri- shed against the one beneath, the upper- most spirit replied "Know I was on earth Count TJgolino, and the archbishop he Ruggiero. Why I neighbor him so close, Now list. That through effect of his ill thoughts, In him my trust reposing, I was ta'en And after murdered need is not I tell, What therefore thou canst not have heard-that is How cruel was the murder-shalt thou hear, And know if he havo wrong'd me. A small grate Within the mew, which for my sake the name Of famine bears, where others yet must pine, Already through its opening several moons Had shown me, when I slept the evil sleep That from the future tore the curtain off. "When I awoke Before the dawn, amid their sleep I heard My sons (for they were with me) weep, and ask For bread. Right cruel art thou if no pang Thou feel'st at thinking what my heart foretold; And if not now, why use thy tears to flow? Now had they waken'd and the hour drew near When they were wont to bring us food: the mind Of each misgave him through his dream, and I Heard at its outlet underneath lock'd up The horrible tower; whence uttering not a word, I looked upon the visage of my sons. I wept not; so all stone I felt within. They wept; and one, my little Anselm, cried, Thou look'st! Father, what ails thee? Yet I shed no tears nor answered all that day, Nor the next night, until another sun Came out upon the world. When a faint j beam Had to our doleful prison made its way, J And in four countenances I descried The image of my own, on either hand Through agony I bit; and they, who thought I did it through desire of feeding, rose O' the sudden and cried, Father we should grieve Far less if thou would'st eat of us; thou gavest These weeds of miserable flesh we wear; And do thou strip them off from us again. Then, not to make them sadder, I kept I down I My spirit in stillness. That day and the next We all were silent. Oh! obdurate earth! Why openest not upon us? When we came To tho fourth day, then Gaddo at my feet Outstretched did fling him, crying, Hast no help For me, my Father? There he died; and e'en Plainly as thou seest me saw I the three ? Fall one by one 'twixt the filth day and I sixth: I Whence I betook me, now grown blind, to grope Over them all, and for three days aloud Call'd on them who were dead. Then fast- ing got The mastery of grief. Thus having spoke, i Once more upon the wretch's skull his j . teeth He fasten'd like a mastiff's, against the bone, Firm and unyielding." The story described by the poet, though horrible, is true. The event occurred at Pisa in 1289. There were opposing fae tions in the . town, and the Archbishop Ruggiero was at the head of one of them. Count Ugolino was accused by this faction of treachery to his country, and being overpowered, he and his two sons and two grandsons were shut up in a tower on the banks of the Arno, and after they had been imprisoned for a few weeks the key of the tower was flung into the river by the arch- bishop's orders, and the captives were left to die of starvation. The musical world will watch with much interest how the great modern master of melody will illus- trate and enhance) by means of music tho gruesomeness of this horrible story. New Music.-The Christmas season is usually adorned with aesthetic publications of various kinds, the chief of which are supplied by the novelist and the musician. It is generally recognised as a suitable sea- son for advertising, and large and active musical firms take advantage of it to bring themselves and their businesses be- fore the public. This they do by publish- ing collections of popular songs at a very low price, and associated with advertise- ments relating tb the businesses of the publishing firms. As an instance, Messrs. Paling and Company's eleventh annual, now published, contains sixteen pieces of vocal and instrumental music, all of which are of sterling excellence. Lady Exhibitor (at close of show): "But, good gracious! That is not my baby, sir!" Check-taker: "Very sorry, madam; it's the last left! The checks got mixed up somehow. But I'll take care that it shan't occur again!" 