GIPPSLAND AND THE ALPSI By W. M. C.-No. III. LIKE portions of the Tambo valley route and other devious, dangerous dizzy ways around there; all forming a magnificent whole, part of the track from the plains to the town is ciitintdo,and winds round the mountain's"side, the river which has been, bed and bank, gutted out by the sateless digger; ,running beneath, We were passing along this elevated sinu osity in Indian file or like Chinamen. when a thrilling incident which might have adorned a penny dreadful failed in ,.. the denouetient and fell through.' The little episode was thuswise. At a place where there, did not seem space for a bicycle to pass, the Joehu next in our rear tried to cut us out, with the .result' that one' of his wheels went over the siding and he was hurled down the steep descent losing the reins and the control of his gee-gebs, likewise some blood and hair' from the back of his bead. A sapling stopped his down ward career otherwise he would have been dishevelled. The other occupants of the buggy jumped out and 'played bowls with their bodies in the dust and the horses, reckoning it a rare 'time, to get home minus a load of iniquity, tried another dash past on their own account, but it was an ignominious failure. We could not get. out of their, way, they :didn't e.care: a tosa-and the result. was, collision` bisud :onfusiof.'T-I' fancied' 'I_ caught :a mginomentary' glimpse of the New Year's fire-works in the Hobson's Bay,' then, rvugh ! The ground up there hits' awfully hard. Mr Sawyer, likewise lost his seat and rolled in- the dust, but stuck to his presence of mind and the reins and averted much damage and desolation. Inspector James -swung clear and arrested the runaways, but then he has taken a hand in many a mixed-up event, and there fore knows his way about when not actively engaged in raking his parts out of the debris. The chawed up buggy was drawn to the wayside, seats were found in others for us, and like a naughty boy, I went early to bed without supper, but there, I didn't care for any just then. It was merely a part of the trip and the whole is greater than a part. Monday morning, weather glorious, scenery simply grand, but somehow one does not hanker after these delights so early. when feeling stiff and sore and with a prospective day's drive of over fifty miles on a track like a long stair case with a landing at the far apart flats. For seven miles it is one long climb at a slow toilsome drag, then a summit is gained and the coaches bowl along to and over Victoria plains. Grand, breezy, invigorating; rich soil and grass like cultivated crops with the luxuriant white clover in places 'hiding the green and adding an appearance of a slight snowfall. Nearing the wayside resting place, fifteen miles on the route, where we were to have breakfast at 10 a.m., the chat began to flow. Perhaps the thought of something to eat was the cause. Anyway some queer yet reliable stories were told among them one of an ancient building now gone, from the halting ground. It was averred that the once demonstrative L L, are he had been calmed down 'and "culchawed" by his trip to Europe and hobnobbing with nobility passed this way. It: happened that the tumble down tenement was infested with bugs, wh5ii h,,iad, preyed on unwary travellers' '"so.called beds were out from the' walls so that the insects could not get at the sleepers in that way, but the evolution of species had developed these "bug- ab"--that is'the latest English pronunciation, not the straight Colonial of the good old days. They, the bugs, passed up the slabs in "a thin red' streak," like unto Sir Colin Campbell's: Highland brigade 'at Inkerman, andi taking their bearing from the ceiling by" plumb line, dropped on and devoured' the innocent sleepers. The good doe. was sorely troubled thereat, rest was \- impossible; -therefore in 'scant night undress he arose, lit his candle, placed it in the middle of the floor, and danced Gilly - Callum, interspersed with many wild yells and vivid ex pressions to frighten the varmints, but 'Twas all in vain they heeded not His howls and wails of sorrow; "You don't feel well" youth oft you tell, " Your blood we've come to borrow." The only wayfarer who ever found rest in that haunted abode was a sage who had mastered the tactics of these wily, bloodthirsty hill tribes of " bug-ahs." When he retired to his virtuous couch lie hoisted an umbrella and cunrled up underneath. The storming party assailed hini in vain, for as they dropped' on. the open gingham they sliddered off and fell in the dust of the mud floor, but only to climb again and renew the useless attack, until weary and footsore they lay on the floor and cursed that" man's cunning, while he soured the snore of the just. " Hurrah, hurrah I We'll sit down to breakfast and time too;" but, like the shepherd's pudding in the pot, 'taint ready yet, and yesterday's dinner has long been: jolted down into our boots. Nothing since that time, and the next 'would have been the. third day, but bide-a-wee. ''The homely, humble hostess has 'been too flustrated at the ' Idea 'of such"'exalted guests to get smoothly along .3 "The first in me = fato.ily'fo? geniictionspjast-b r to come "'who ever had the pleasure of entertain ing a Premier," she says, good woman. Besides, the handsome Chairman of Committees, with- his native instinct fdr': rollicking and making love to the ladies,'has discovered a countrywoman of hies "own. He is a: past-master in artful humbug, I verily believe he .would flatter a wdoden milestone if it had a petticoat orpiece of calico on, so he has been detaining and cajoling the sweetcreature. Then 'again, the sun :burn on the Premier's usual "rose leaves crushed on ivory" complexion is a matter of deep matdrnal concern to her, therefore, while she must needs dust' his 'infantile coitutenance 'with Sflour to draw the heat' and 'make 'him' such a ghost that his own mother c"buldn't. distinguish' the main from a dough trough on end, iv perfdrce' have to wait.-- One gets wild waiting when the internals yearneth and the mood is not complimentary.: Full amend is made when the huge farmeYr's feast is spread, then after a while little children coild play in safety with the sternest of these politicians. All loll about 'like-likse--well,. like lizards in. the sun, and after a two hours spell it is "Once more'ito -the breeching brave nags, oncemore ;" yet, ere we depart the. Omed councillors and 'other leading residents-. who have :accompanied nus to the boundary, have etill another toast' to prpose:' , The health of the Prtemier 1", . .Fins fwVs5, the. emibodiment of a geniality le soul oif: kindness and 4 generou "te dre;r, bu hall I pe? ? it? As blic me lu lladig "their wants a&gh; road:.-Yea, rough is a no namdfefoýese ant tracks hey age so irreprese? anyd persistent that: ie r merest copr-tJ seems t, the 'onlooker g extended`o?nto secure a large. favor; a "a sprat g' dh a mackeiel," but it is r merely seinthe opportunity., This' c is the fourth ii final attempt . as they t return' aiidthlust 'of Ekat Gippsland a will be wipedrom ouri number: nines c to fifteens.a:e bet'. ~rator orates, a be-lands the,~.Iier and thanks the ii Great Providenfor blessing such' a' a dashed hilly hiliith the first .visit of ii a Premier ad ain points to' th'eir ii poverty-stric?e?nts which is not appar- a ent to mortalleyeifr Patterson listens ii with 'a far aw1y'g ifn` his'" twiiikling v orbs, sighs at the a of woe and when r the pleading 5ce have ceased tod resound; placesýtspbling hand on his b manly chest andba to the " For he's c a jolly good fello .'Then'he lifts up f his voice and dsar on:the-er-beauti- a ful, marvellous' seen, the purity and h fragrance of the invitating mountain a air! Gliding entr?ed into poetry 1 and prophecy his ncited vision be- I1 holds in .the fututr, sturdy race of f brave, fearless met?ia lovelyj women I born and bred inh t. great :stern mountainie,!' Australisrnighlanders of dauntless courage ansl'9sionate' unI o dying five oftier n inlii'a , f( equal to that of theii` coiquerable y forbears from "Scotia' and wild." b Men; who should'the dr arise, will o leave their smiling la. in rugged C glens and frowning motmns and fight h to their death for Auralaj and liberty, f bursting the fetters wo ild-be despots b and polishing the as f the bright ii Southern Cross w' ieir ber-lood ! Verily it was a gloris.retty picture, I. cunningly deviseds aismitable word painting, yet withathe e was an utter i absence of allusior) th?se bright spots ii -roads railway in it. Yea, it Ii was dexterously Iran, the listeners seemed satisfiedn? we wended our a upward way, tbinple hostess throw- I ing her slippeiess. Such is the S power of wordsnU words ! a Eighteen rns the next halting a place and ra gltrack when you once get up. Thiis what we were 'told P and can guewhat to estimate such. t" simple stateppatat. For two and, a half wearylilie the horses toil and a nearly all tliP, Y climb along on foot in their at'i leeves, blinded with u perspiratio :'.r Howitt who 'has not a much of hsael bodily to carry, leading d in the :Ili When the apparent g summit g ined, we look back, down a huge cor'?~ and see our breakfasting e place at?blttom. The plain is eight- b eeanril 'so they say, and I believe j6 every ?p it. Anyway the track is ti fairly .4ith the exception of a few cl miles `jating over undressed cobble- cI stoneoobgh enough to shake the to moral#ut of a saint. But withal W he f a fine expanse, suited, one b woui~jik, for a hardy race of village t sett7, ho could grow enough .for the' iph wants and find gold too u in ..nmany rugged gulches. The coAt of the large-franed, sleek al ca+,e see by the way, is ample S tjny of the fertility. The tedium it ihelved by' some of the tales told. d SlIntyre; Minister of Lands, once r hat way ,and his horses a oked up in a big climii. Luickily' a' rm'of bullocks was near and hitched a to " double bank" up, but as things not gee well, Mac took a 'hand at sing and the thrilling vivid language ( entreaty he used, was such as no 2psland bullock, or driver, ever heard b are. The men listened,'awed by the b Niancy and. persuavive force of the b .itive, and the bullocks nearly s Pd themselves out of their skins. T. wildest, daring, flights of pure v ?u:kese, rich in objurgation, were mere c6hi babble coinpared with his fiery united words of coaxing, .. On reach- t ng'3 place of rest, six sucking pigs ado\e the dining table and some of party thought they were a ;trte to Mac's power of lan guagelt was a mistake,i as on going outsiddter dinner they saw nine more uncool porcines in the meat safe, and found it an epidemic having broken t out ',ig them, the host had killed the gruits to save their lives ! Words failed' t~ and in their sorrow and trouble;iey filled themselves with Presbyter wine to destroy the effect of the t¶icaa, baccillus, hydatids or any other disre germ they might have swallowed We racBrandy Creek about 4 p.m. and do (nodonder why Shakespeare asked-' at's in a name." This name is moieceptive and misleading, we saw a')igm and heard a few, but there was?'?s a drop of brandy there. The remains I whet were once human habitationsato the silence and desol ation of the.l. The remains of our breakfast brotht along, to do for luncheon ari 'hched' by myriads of flies, which roosoverywhere and try to snatch the bit ol of one's mouth, and we are routed~t'ry and- disappointed. If scenery canjcoapensate under such circumstances the, pply' is unlimited, and weirdly,'sol~iv' grand, Cobrunga plain is left behin?nd we make the last.climb of the 'tri 'winding up, tup, up. Thetisber '"esore dwarfed and rare at every:n, until the gum trees are no thbi~ than a man's arm, and te branches so twisted, torturedid gnarled by the fierce winter wine hat they are more like small vines ljn trees. Up even above the sprdaS anow which hai drifted into ts's jielter of the gullies and lies spreolut like a big day's washing of a - eil city. Summer suns and winter Lis' do not disturb it, fallen from tiliheavens, a white mantle for portion of nature, it appareitljy remains thvJforever in eternal s'est. God holds th seas in the hollow of His handi I suppose these mighty mountainsi rst on His finger tips, and ioo~r .? tures have the audacity to The Pa9rs are called the :Robf of the World i here we are at last n n the ridges ip.f Australia, no alouch. of a lean-to istion. The Great Dividing Rangetends across our island conti entmnent 0sea to sea with its thouisands of mib of gullies still. unkriown :to' man ad possibly with vast treasures of "rimited wealth hidden therein- : I s shall have been fleeing through s p (or a thousand years or so before n f them_+ are opened uip. How jirlsad insignificant one feels in esich -~.einepiring presence, and how 'the a seem paralysed with' wonder and ,ment at'the' majestic, 'sombre, tgrandeur when first'.sedin from ! ,h a pinnacle. This triplednamed mountain, - ", Baldy,',; "' Blowharsa" iud "' Hotbamr" is the third highest point : iii' 'the" Au"stralian' Alp', and somdivewire" aibout: "6,400 feet above :the e'aea:'., The 'wo names are very ;-fitting : Baldyi inasmuch ).'s nothing but a small, hardy Astor will grow ne ar its smmt t : and .-Blowhard, owing , to the fierce gales which rage round it like a scolding woman. It is calm as we rt on the top and gaze at the magnificence of the' indescribable scenery. The 'sky above is blue and cloudless, and the slanting rays of the sun shed'a flood of golden glory, lend ing a'brilliaicy to the deep pdrple of the sleeping peaks. Sublime and awesome, imagination trembles, while it wonders in its littleness. We see it all in irs summer calmness, and .vainly try to imagine what it would look like in a wild winter thunderstorm. :. It is related that in such weather a; father Aind 'son, with a'string of laden pack horses were travelling there and got caught in a thunderstorm. They made for the scantiest, rudest shelter, the lee side afforded, and there spent'the night, keeping life in by usiing the blankets and brandy which formed part of their loading, a fire was an impossibility. They survived, but in the morning found some of the horses had perished from the cold..and --exposure of one night. After somewhat satisfying admiration our party. stripped their coats and made for' a - patch of.snow about ,a -huindred yards below, and a battli- royal of ,grey beards ensued. Verily, they'were boys once more indulging iii an old world Christmas, belting each other to their hearts content with snowballs. The fun of it to see a staid Premier and a burly ex-Minister of Defence firing high instead of "low," then running away to net clear and snatch another haidful of hle glistening snow. The Age and Argus hurling the angel's feathers instead of murky ink, and laughter in place of disguised swear-wordsl; likewise, a Customs officer in pursuit of a lengthy country member. The path continues along the crest of the Great Divide for several miles to the Mount St Bernard Hospice, and has a down ward tendency.at the same time running along the verge of yawning gulls apparently bottomless, and sheer precipices. It is not a drive to inspire feelings of comfort and safety, so that the majority, prefer walking. They aver, with sickly smiles of ill- concealed fear, that they like walking awfully much,and it does them good ! Possibly so, in minimising the feelings of danger, and tranquilising the soul by gazing on the rugged beauty of nature in her wildest, sternest aspect from a safe footing. I too would be outwardly brave though inwardly quaking and joil in thepleasant walk, but cannot, therefore do not see much beauty as I clutch the rest straps and hang on with closed eyes. It is wonderful what a temporary goodness comes over a man when so situated, I believe a large num ber of my sins were repented' of just then. At last the Hospice is reached, an unpretentious building' not overbur dened with creature or other comforts, also two iron shelter sheds for the horses. Sitting in the gloaming light the view is interesting in the extreme. A steep, deep ravine in front, with a bare, rocky, rugged cliff on either side, like hoary sentinels, and through the opening, chain beyond chain of rolling, hills, here a high crest, there a graceful sweep, and then another big bulge. A faint haze is settling down, almost like a fog, and somehow the blue mountains seem like the sea when lashed by a storm into billowy fury. .But there is no restless heaving, moaning and roaring, nothing but that depressing, eternal quiet, as still as the peace which veils the dead. As the edibles, especially: the scant vegetables, are ancient, tough and not overtempting an early and hungry start is made for Harrietville, a sleepy little township nestling at the foot of the mountains : The distance is said to' be under 15 miles, and some idea of the track may be formed if it be remeni bered tliat the descent is nearly 5000 feet. By. the way, signs of life and labor are seen adown the ranges, tun nelling for gold; in places the ladeii trucks going down to the machines below drawing empty ones up by a double cable. Where the gold glitters, the diggers will go, If it were sound up above or in regions below, And gold glittered there the diggers will go. Once more down in the dust and heat,' snow and winter, summer and dust, mountain and meadow in one morning, and yet there are people who assert that there is a monotonous same ness .about all Australian scenery. Let carpers take that trip and they will find it like a shaking kaleidoscope and as changeful as the climate. After a few .minutes at Harrietville we proceed down stream to Bright, and are met on !the way by shire councillors, officers and representatives of the district from each House, finally reaching that pretty mountain township for lunch. A trip to the Eurobin falls, in the Buffalo mountains, for Bright has its scenes and wonders and lovely dells, fills in the afternoon, and we return in the evening to the inevitable fowl and roast Ipig banquet. It is not exactly " a feast of reason and a flow of soul," there iare too many material wants at all habitable places visited, even the solitary man at Mount St. 'Bernard turned himself into a deputation to badger the Premier for a subsidy and a block of'laidelsewhere, and Bright is no exception. -But it is indeed pretty,' likewise energetio, and deserves' encouragement, only ' they ought to kill the rabbits, or: they will exterminate the farmers, whose,criminal neglect; in this matter will bring ruin anddesolation. I saw more bunnies. there in h;ilfan hdur thai I came across in a three'days trip" through the Mfallee. On Wednesday morning at 4.10 we left by train for Melbourne after enjoying a week'.of unqualified pleasure, the one regret being' that it was at an end. "I ,can only, add' that the trip is: an educa tion in sitself, and that the 'Australian who has not seen the Alps knows nothing" of the" majesty,- beauty and grandeur of his native country.i,. - 