LOVE'S_DREAM. 5 CHAPTER XXXVII.— {Continued.) ' Only business, your grace ; I don't want to be r turned into the street and penniless at the finish. And this is risky work, ;ou know.' ? ' Ha !' the duke breathed a sigh of relief. ' You need have no fear of that, Vincent ; and there is really little risk. It is quite possible that Mies Tremayne will make me same sort of promise without any trouble. If not, there are twenty ways of compromising her, and I am not particularly nice ?when at-, lmu ' ' I am quite aware of that, your grace,' Vincent said. ' You know nothing yet. My plans are not formed, but I viill succeed / I am rich, powerful — she iB poor and friendless — she shall be my wife. I love her too much , to harm a hair of her head, hut I will envelop her with a web that she cannot break through.' 'And what is my part, your grace?' aBked Vincent. ' Obedience.' ' Don't forget the risk, your grace. What am I ? iK- get — what payment ? This is only business. I know that you will not require my services long, and I want to feel on the safe side.' 'You are impatient,' was the haughty rejoinder. What terms do you expect and desire ?' 'Something similar to those you have with John Cox.' The Duke of Medford was not easily taken off liis guard, but he jumped to his feet with an oath his face turning deadly pale. Then he sank back into his seat again, laughing softly. 'Ah! Vincent, you are a funny fellow — deusedly finny. We will settle everything when we get into the country, and I want you to superintend the packing. See to it, there's a good fellow. You have never seen my place in Bedfordshire, Charming place, Vincent — charming place.' He walked to the window, and for a few min utes stood gazing into the crowded streets ; then he came hack, and gathered up some papers that lay upon the writing-table. ? ' I am going to my club, Vincent, for a few ?hours,' he said at lengths ' Make all arrangements for our departure by an early train to-morrow.' 'Yes, your grace.' When he was gone, Mr. Vincent scratched kis head in doubt. ?'Have I done right?' he asked himself. 'I raised something in him, but I don't know whether it was the tiger or the monkey. No matter, I'll stick to my new text, and keep my eyes open.' ? He went on with his work, now and then pausing to mutter: ! ? ' Who the deuce is John Cox ?' CHAPTER XXXVIII. RAYMOND BOYD'S RETURN. ?Marian returned home in a most peculiar frame of mind. It is impossible to describe it ; she could not describe it herself. It was a great interming ling of hope, joy, fear, and doubt, first one and then the other gaining the mastery. Aihol lived—her own true love ! he lived, and he loved her still ! He had never been false to her in word or deed — but, oh ! he was blind — blind — and ?ohe was indirectly the cause of it And the terrible — the malicious story that he had iioard concerning her — the story which had nearly distracted him ! Who could have been guilty of this mean, wicked fabrication ? How natural for poor Athol to be angry and jealous, when he saw Ray mond Boyd at the gate, and she had sent him away— scornfully refusing one word of explanation. But in one short month he would perhaps be well — his sight would perhaps be restored, and then he would know all — he would know how true she had been — how fondly she had always loved him. When she left the train at Broxbourne she hired a fly to take her home, and urged the man to drive fast. What could ail poor '.mby ? He was well when «he had left him but a few hours before— quite well. She hurried indoors, and was met by Maggie who looked excited rather than anxious. ' What is the matter with baby ?' she whispered. 'You must excuse me, mistress,' replied Maggie. ' I wanted you to come back as soon as you could. There is nothing the matter with the child, thank goodness-: but his father is here, Mr. Boyd, and I didn't know how to put it to you in a telegram.' Marian was astonished. ' Where is he ?' she asked. ' Where is Mr Boyd ?' *' Here,' said Raymond, stepping from the sit ting-room beyond with the baby in his arms. ' Marian, I am back, you see, and what a home -coming was mine !' Maggie took the child from him, and left him alone with Marian. ' My 6hip was wrecked,' he said. ' One shaft broke, and we were floating about for three months, water logged. We had to take to the boats at last, and she sank; only a dozen of us live to tell the -tale. ,You cannot think Marian how I looked for ward to my meeting with my wife. I went to your Aunt Lavina's first, and she told me the awful story. It sounded like the knell of doom, and I have been ill for two weeks. But for that little child, I should wish that I had died with the majority of my comrades, I blessed the great Pro vidence a thousand times for preserving my life for the loved ones at home, and then I nearly cursed God for being so cruel to me.' He pressed his coat-sleeve to his eyes, and his powerful frame heaved with dry, hard sobs. 'Marian,'' he went on. ' You are bearing yiur cross with a fortitude that shames roe. I have heard of your troubles from Aunt Lavina, and from Maggie. You are a noble woman. Oh, how gladly [ I sighted the shores of England again ! how I hurried to Aunt Lavinia's to write to you and to Lillian to expect me next day ! I came with money in my pocket; I have ecough now to start life comfortably. A poor devil in our boat, who was dying from exposure, willed everything he possessed to me, because I tended him while he was sick. He had no other friend in the world, he said I pitied him then, but now I pity myself a thousand times more.' ' Raymond,' pi'ig whispered. ' I am so sorry for ' you. I know what' it is to feel lonely — to feel quite alone in the world- -but you have your little child. He will grow big, an d foe able to understand soon — he will be some.thiii'g to live for— something to lore.' 'At present,' he g; waned, 'I feel more like hating him. ButforthiXt ohild my darling would ' have been here to meet m'e.' ' Hush ! Raymond. GoiVs will cannot be ques tioned.' ' God's will is cruel,' ho said, fiercely. Then he added, softly : ' I want you to show her grave to me, when you have time, Marian — when you have rested,' 'I will not be long. I must relieve Maggie of her charge while she looks after the iunoh. In tho . afternoon, Raymond, I ifijl show „vou Lillian's grave.' She could feel sorry for him now ; his trouble seemed terrible, now that her own future showed promise. She found a long letter from the Duke of Med ford awaiting her, and it was filled with glowing descriptions of her fathor's rapid progress. A short note from her father was inclosed. He seemed to write a sensible, hopeful letter, and spoke of coming home to stay with his girls again soon. He had no use for any keeper now. His only trouble was an occasional loss of memory. Raymond Boyd spent the rest of the day at his wife's grave, and he took apartments at a hotel in the neighbourhood for a few weeks. ' All I love is here,' he said to Marian. ' I can come in and see my little child, and then sit at the head of my dead wife'B resting place. Soon I must take the care of the child oil your hands, but not yet — not yet. It is not right that you should be troubled by other people's children — but I know that you love the motherless waif — and Maggie loves it, too.' Two weeks passed quickly, and Marian was wondering how Athol was progressing. She had written to Dr. Allbright, but received no reply. Only two more weeks— only two more weeks, and then she would go to Cranleigh Fields— she would tell her darling how she had always loved him. She would not wait for the doctor's invitation. One morning she received a telegram. She opened it with trembling fingers. Was it from Dr. AllbrigLt ? No ;? it waB from Bedfordshire — from the Duke of Medford, and only contained a few words : ' I am coming to see you to- day about your father. ' Medfobd.' What had he to say about her father ? She hoped that he was not worse, for Bates had been sent home a week ago. Well, useless speculation would not help her ; she must wait until the duke came. He arrived about midday, and his face bore an anxious expression. He was ushered into the drawing-room, where Marian had been awaiting him for an hour. ' I am not the bearer of good news, Miss Tre mayne,' he said, gently. ' And at the same time I have nothing very serious to bother you with— at least, I hope not. Your father fell down a flight of steps this morning, and has broken one of his legB.' ' No— no !' ' Yes, unhappily. Of course, a surgeon was promptly in attendance, and if we could only keep him quiet all would be well, bub he declares that he i6. dying, and that you must nurse him. It is ridiculous, but the physician is of the opinion that unless you come immediately, he will bring on an illness that will be fatal. We would have had him sent home, but he cannot be moved.' 'And what am I to do?' asked Marian, in distress. ' I will escort you to your father,' was the quick reply. ' I am positive that his life depends upon it. You may not be wanted more than two or three days. As soon as the pain of the reuniting bones has passed, he will be the first to acknowledge his folly. There is no time to linger in doubt. It is life and death. A train leaves here in half an hour, and it is only a journey of about two hours Come, Miss Marian. 'Don't you think that Bates had better be sent on also? It is not a ten-minutes' drive to Dr. Hunt's ?' she asked nervously. ' There is no use for his services j he would really be in the way ; indeed the very sight of him would make your father think that he was under control again.' There was no gainsaying his plausible tongue, and he looked so genuinely anxious and worried that Marian did not entertain the faintest suspicion. 'We must catch the next train,' he added, 'or we shall not get to Bedfordshire till nightfall, and the roads are very bad at this time of year.' ' I will be ready in ten minutes,' she replied. 'Will you wait here, my lord ?' He inclined his head, and if she could have seen the gleam of triumph in hia eyes she would have been frightened. She went hastily into the room beyond, where Raymond was seated playing with his child. She told him briefly what had happened and whither she was going, . and kissed her little nephew fondly. ' I shall be back in two or three days at most,' she said. ' I do not like flying about the country in this way, but there is no alternative, and the duke has been very kind to us— to my unfortunate father.' ' If you will write or telegraph to me when you are ready to come home,' I will be your escort,' Raymond suggested. 'I will go with you now, if you like.' ' There is no need. I do not wish to offend the duke. I was very cruel to him once before, and am on my beat behaviour now.' There was a ghost of a smile on her face. 'You will fetch me home, won't you, Raymond ?' 'The very instant I get your commands,' he smiled. She rejoined the anxious villain, and Mag'gie saw them to the door. ' It was fortunate I anticipated something of this kind,' Marian observed, 'otherwise I could not have been dressed so Boon. I have been able to bring no luggage with me, but Maggie will send on my trunk to-night.' Marian found that the journey occupied nearly four hours, and when they reached the railway station nearest to the Duke's country house, it was quite dark. A handsome carriage, harnessed to a pair of dashing horses, was awaiting them, and the duke conducted Marian to a seat — the door was banged to, and the vehicle was put into swift motion. Her companion had scarcely spoken twenty words during the whole of tho journey, and all at once a fearful feeling of depression came over her. She seemed to be chilled to the very marrow, for it was a bitterly cold night ; it was sleeting fast, and a cutting wind was blowing from the east. What appeared to be an interminable drive came to an end at last, the carriage being pulled up with a jerk. The duke at once sprang up, and Marian waB conscious of a sudden blaze of light. The door was snatched open by a powdered footman in gorgeous livery, while others stood under a brilliantly illuminated portico beyond. The duke stepped out, and assisted Marian to alight, and as she passed up the marble steps that led to a handsome, colonnaded hall, she was conscious of several servants eying her curiously. ' Welcome to Medford !' said the duke, ' and may your stay be a pleasant one 1' (To he continued.) A Canadian electrician states that electricity causes the tides, and demonstrates it by electrifying i rubber enmb by rubbing it through the hair and then drawing it over the top of a glass filled with water, the result being that the tidal wave follows ihe comb. The first English ships were the galleys builfc by ilfred the Great. 