MTMJAH'S The eoropsnr, wont toassemble&t; the alsn of the Blue Anchor; bad gathered end taken their seats. A. spare, wirylooking rasa, with iron-grey beard, bad volunteered a stoiy. Pipes were lighted and tankards filled, and the narrator, in a qaiet, effective manner, deepening into earnestness as he went an, thus - proceeded*— • «I was leaning over the taflrail of the Eastetn Star one Emrrmtr night, watching Uk play of the ».aletii in the xnoaaSght, -which tumel the trackof the vessel into a. wide heltof silver, when eomssse pluoted me In-the decree. I turned suddenly sndglsnood jeto the face of Hie who; tad disturbed my reverie. He ^cas a Hindoo, epareef frame and rather above the 2ieigbt,hi£ bronzed fwi hires d»sring to'great advantage when contrasted, be -tbey were, •with the qratiess white tnrbsa which he vm. Once or' twice I' had -noticed the Hindoo in the (smoking ealoon. of the ship, -where frequently lie sat, Sretctung the •carious games of channe or in •which the male paessBgea indulged each taght. •* * Yoc-fare:Mr -George Jbompson,' he aid to me, is .'imudiUjr £ood English, aHhon^: I oould detect afareignaocent as he epoke- 1 made a-gesluie of cssent. * You are visiting India. for pleasure V he eontinnwl .'.tltoing-the words sotkat they formefi a queboiL Knowing of no reason why ny paupeeeindrippmgtoBombay should be consderalaeeeret, I unhesitatingly replied: " 'KotntalL 1 am froini? to Bombay to snpermteh3the < tnlBii>gtif fteCity of Delhi, •"Mohahip, yoa may be aware, collided in •the harbor, and went down st dead -of ** ' Kb -one oa board her being saved,' -the Hindoo added, by way of oonrment. •' 'It waa a very strange silair; hot,se far as I know,-everyone went down with her," I 1 .assented. v.-*' •"And-'the ship that collided with the City of Delhi, what became of herP he "'lam aEtae surprised rt>»t yon should ask the question,*. X answered, blowing the a t from my cigar. • May I ask yon why iny question appeal! stranger' the Hindoo queried. "'Simplv becsnaeyoa are a Hindoo and I am an finglisbTmm,' I retorted; « naturally you take morelnterest in the affaire •at Bombay than* I* do, and, oonsegnentiy, i thought JTOi would know that the second Trending anpwas not disoovered.' " 'That** remarkable fact, don't Ton ihiak »' he askBdagnificuidy. " Perhapefenny m oouufay itwodd ap- »™r-ao^let*B Herat take enonghmtereet in what occurs abroad to hunt Tip minute de- Alll biowig thatthe CSty of Delhi want down and (hat she is to be raised; which accounts formy presence an board this fimL" . - - C^'tfiSfe^ - * raise «* Itceet alaigBr^nmbyfair tobagdhm.' I answered, having no intention to pot my <pestiop«- m posguagicm of the details. «*Toa wffl tabs no active part in the work Jteotf, the Hindoo wont on ; 'being at the head of affiurs,joa win watch their pro- ^reavwh&^^ VBtnarUiiAr wffl be carded sn tfyomgnboriRnatus.* " •l ain net above -fending a-hand when noontyl bIBih^i, of course,' as yon sav, otfaen do the part of fiie -manual labor. Eowfsytx,. befbre nifi shgj" is raised there is oeciaan ue&Bii;^ woii to be done, in which- ahaS moet certainly join- Bit iMlnnae, ! jAbII £0 down with the dmn myself, sad pexaonally ^ yoertion in whicii . the Bee tlrnce ; a znattpr of forty or fifty feet below the tairfaoe of die water.* " ~ ~~7~ :z. " I saw, the Hindoo; give a little start of enrprine, which lie emiesyored to hide hy ; is a goind higfat,' he said Shortly.' "•Qnite a'relief after the belt of the day/ Jreplifid, moving away ts go below. The TTiwloo followed me ae 1 went down the stairway of the slap; which was speaons, for the B»stem/S*ar was one of the beer paasenger shipe afloat. - I passed on to my cabin, but had Boaznely closed the door when I heard someone knocking, or rap* png, against it with ' their knnck&. Who •ouditbe* I'wondered, for the hour was nearly midnight'"I shot the bolt of the door back end in came my -unexpected visitor. Sie eahm, I may observe, was Nally intended ioi three puseogfla, having two bunks and a end, but, dfwring privacy, I had 6ecnred its eolense. " * Sit down,' X urged, not very cordially lumtr, I mint confess, when I saw that my visitor was the Hindoo. X felt too tired to Vacate the raising of the City oi Delhi with tiirn, that being the purpose, I concluded, for which he was paying ms an unsolicited^visit. " * To- morrow we disembark, let that be My excuse for intruding,' he said suavely, watching my faoe in the dull flir-Vnr of the swinging lamp ; 'and before yonandXpart, Xhaveaomsthlng to say to you—something rmportant.* - " • Yoa have left it pretty late, then,' I 'We hope to get into tin harbor within ten. hours of now. It was ijaxte a chance „X went An -deck ior_a few tnirmteB before coming dovn here to tnm in. Xo-moaow I shall-he bnsy.' "•Jjoa b^nnyimr wade so soon?' he <paied; 'then I am, indeed, only just in tincL* " * What concern Is my busmen of jours J*.'T askied. < We Inve been on this eiiip together for weeks, and yet voe wait till a^mnatthe lad belore yon seek my JXTiuaintanoe.' " ' ISiat is not my fault, I assure yon,' he replied. * Onal five minutes before I spoke to youXhad noidea that theoueto whom the TMidngof the fStf of Delhi had been entrusted was on board. Xoa changed your " I was eorejleMy ^{itrmi«hwi by .the Hmdoo's last moi^ and more so iy the ^miawhiiitoliBoced'tfekn.' " * Whatlie»e aur mo«ments to do with ypa Ti aaked ; • we are total Btraogers; yet yoa have a knowledge of them tb&t; I do not " * Itu fane, (hen, that you did ohange ytmr ^ f ' b pawari, waiting for my •aswet wxtih a diow of indifierenoe whit^i I ebnidaeehe was br {com Reeling. " Ibookedostl^the Queen rf tin -<xsa£es, asd thencame by the ship we ase aownponc.* ^yon aee I know a little about you, 1 b JHiwifaS; 'boi yoa may be quits aeirrfl tiiat «ay kno-idedge, n l as it is, Ist M ibees cuwi. teiftec owing to idle . , *«o; X dent know. It »ay -Us "nnii7i»«ij for Ooenials to be e^el npem,,; on,aad and. th^- Buy oonseqnentdj oonseqnentdy . fc'fe -''jej/mBMllj IxitqeBt to ahy itiw of &fl; fiort, and y<xi may as well tmderthat-^nS nve you some unpleasant . ** Whan yoo ^now 3rhat my mp&«B has tae^ gou *31faa lees disposed to titer fliUMIiij godi'neisconvgyedtytfcat nmaik,' tVHtndnowgnton. i • > *Xbcn ^iefekaDt and Jet me know what tfryanwafat," Ia^Bea. " -i^tci^' ae- falli as a t E ^ a AK* ^ 4 appsrectty been watched by yon, for what reason yon best know-' " * I roppoee what yon ssy is a correct account of .your transfer irom eMp to ship, bst when I teJl yon tbat comeone-iE on board the Onsen of the Qsnges, arrd»there far the «ole .paipoee of «onsal&ip; yon on a matter csoeexsing largely .yonr own safety, yon will <£nice understand prise at £cdiag yon on this \esseL Icbancsd to hear yonr ccne—the xest J havetc&nif; from vera. " * 1 • It xa^es very iittie difisrenoo to me, I asEcseyoo, wkEtbo: yon believe ccyaooonnt of bow I came to travel by this chip or not: if yoa hive nothing more important than that to discuss perhaps yoa will be good enough to caander Docrersaiion at an find." w 1 You 'would repent it till yoor last hoar if jtm did not hear what >8 the real reason of thzft cntamely -visit. It oonoems the etmken tiip, the City of Edhi.* :*"T«naeemto take considerable inteteet in her,' I said; '-may X why V '"ToU Bludl be answerad,' the Hindoo r^died. - * Jjet me IceHynotU oor-coavecsation on deck. We are both.a'ware that vessel went down ic the harbor of Bombay, where, with ordinary precautions, no finch accident need have happened. Bon't yon- think it a naarkahle fact, tbat the ooUidhig-ship was never. disooveied. Saoh enadeote damaKe boa chips to acertain extent, as a matter of oosrae.' " ' What do ypu mfer trotn that P I asked, for tile HSndoD'6 earnest J»ne began to inter- •ert • me in spite of the natural indignation which I felt at bang watched. " • it is no mere matter of inference,' he answered. ' I was <mt in die -Bay in a email boat at the time, - snd l saw what happened. It may assiet.yon considerably in your task to blow what took place; have I your word thatyon will treat -mat Z wish to say as confidential nntH lie City of Delhi is raisedthen my worda will he ettondsntly " I agnifed my assent to this, and the Wm^ftn continued. "'It was a close, hot night; en land or eea there was scarcely s breath of air; I was poling my boat along in the shallow, just where the white houses ran down almost to the harbor anil; white and misty, with a pall of heat obecuricg its outline, rose Malabar hill on the right. Xtaimd me a*' I e&red; the waters, fell the shadows of the maro of in the hsxhar. Suddenly X heard the tJmlitiig of oara, muffled and eabdoed. X .drew in close where the shadow of a dark hulk hid me, and I watched and waited, wondering who eke had chosen the night for a trail in the harbor. A ^i^^rtp more and I saw a boat crowded with a crew of Hindoos and Malays pclling away from a ship. Almost opposite to me they rested en their oars, then turned with anziooB faces towards the elup they had left. Jfo word came from the lips of any there, and I seemed almost awed by the strange alen&e;, when, just as the moon ^r^kp ftmuA the Eaffsed. threatening sky, .the steersman rose and pointed towards the ship. She drifted aioviy " ' Deep dovtk hee pkow dipped nrr» IBS "WAVES.® "" out into mid-ksrbar, shrresed like a sentient t&ug;, then down her prow dipped into the warn and die was gone; I hoard the suck of the waters ehe dragged after hrr, and felt the bast beneath me jock, then the harbor became placid, and withont one word, , the seamen, with strange glances at each other, drew their boat away tin they readied another vessel. Over the side of the latter a rope ladder -was flung, and after lashing the boats so as to be able to raise it, the seamen climbed up; the boat *W88 hauled up, ud I ms on tfio vr&iexs; o&ce; more. ' I mIt yrm ftwtj ttw-t dtipf the City of .Drihi, fair pUy ? Wasn't it plain tbfit no. could Itan marks of . hst when, that bstcq ont of tiiose wbo were oa ^h^rr ir&y; to Calcutta from there, end vfao colv been on ti»flfab«inrimpa. Do yoa ^j^ytami^ nftnfly?' •"You mean that, for some reason, there was foul play bn the part of the captain and HBcrewP"' "Tec, I say ' that the Oity of Delhi never had fair play; I tell you she was scntried; £ swear it i' ••The Hindoo rose from the couch on whii3i .he had sealed htmoJf sad stood before me, bis dark eyes glittering with anger, hn right hand rfwH*^ and threaten- ** * I suppose the hatches were battened down, which accounts for not eim a solitary ay being raised by anyone on board tha, ill-fated veeseL There is one question I should like to ask jon, and it is this—What could be'the motive for such a crime? X questioned- "'That is eisclty what I wish to speak to you about, Mr JSmmpson. Let us go back to a question I asked yonon deck—doa it cost much to raise a ship like the Citv of DeJhir '"It is an expensive process,-certainly, but when a vessel lias-Sn the harbor, as you are aware this one <ioee, it constitutes* danger to ahipping. 1 "'Kotwhen she lies eo many feet below the surface,' replied the Hindoo prompiiy; '"besides, if that were the case, why h»E the vessel not been destroyed by .dynamite—that is the usual method employed by the divers under such circumstances. Gan you explain? 5Toa made-a public traidar for the raiding of the vessel, did you not V " The firm did,' I angwered ; 'which is the wnchyn itm |l|yL-* " 'Do yon happen to know why your tender was aeoepral ? "I anppoeeit was the loweet,* I an-' ewerod, nntimayrdwiJiiij, the drift of the Question. . ".'So br from being the lowest, your tender waa actually -die highest.* : " * Then I Euppose there are special reasons for the waik being done thoroughly—so doubt the (Hy of Dd&n; is a well-built vessel and of proportional ialne.* '"I wouldn't give a hundred potmdi for her ^ ebe lo^ced wdl enough, but the vessel was only fit to break up. On you understand sow why her owners are so anxious to raise the chip r" " ' Yen ^uraJe me oompletdy—perfiaps yoa are aognunted withthe rssn.' ;" * TbemaoD 'it probably more exnaordin- <aty than the apparently xnotivelees t^tmn cf ecnitlingthe CSqrof D^tn.* ' *' • Yon have aroused "my curiceity,* I jsid. * A® you know the eanseof the ship foundering, perhaps yon will let me bear what lies hidden behind that disaster. So one 3udl hear from me the secret, if secret it is, noises, as yon say, the vessel is raised ; then, 1 tmdfcrEtand, no fiufihei couoealzneut will be secesssry." "Hm Hindoo moved to the door and examined the bolt- i&eif; not aatisBedwith that PWMtntion, he eanliously withdrew it and i£xew the door open.. Koanewasthere. He placed his farefinger on his l^ to enjoin silence^ and etood thse listening. - Nothing disturbed the silenoet^tiie hour except the evadiof tbewavesas ther struck the mde of the ehip- After rtaadrng there for a few mimiUn, hegave a sjgEof relief and thxost thedoior to, saying, as he shot the bolt carefully: " ' Ton oomplain that I have watched you, which is not true, but I— am watched -every hoar of the day! Beddes rayeelf, tbexe ase other Hindoos on boaiC and (Just when I'went to She calm door, ?con!d have sworn that Kxneone was 'fisteDfng' ontande. - We Hindoos have quick heaiii^aadtocne »ho beais it irequstly, the eMind cf mkai feet is rarely to fas -confused with ...anyother movement; it Is and I cannot beGere myw?f jnirftten.'.. .. "•X cannot. be of nuncb" nse .in -oca firming or oontradictzng what yon e»,' I answered. '"Xboee of -ns -who pass it"* 1 of our time ywiig- ue nsudly a little deaf. Certainly I heard "Tooshall hear wty l beoame aerroira at that eounL Hie JpeieojBS 'tHbB ass ln- ItiiisKa ia fliB iaimig of the Cttr of Mid have a Meat yon to katiw. They bciight the wreck an salvage inolndh^g everything contained in it, after having been the •prim* mover® in the vessel's destruction- Tfiiy have -displayed conaderabb skill in rfafarstfng their Bcheme, which haa signally fs^ad, as ^ley will presently discover when the vesarf is raised.' '"'" Bie Hindoo tmsnathedAetorhsn which was woendabout bis bead' a&ddreweomethingent; from itsnnmeross folds. •"What is your opinion ol that? he . asked, holding out tte object for my inspection. I took it Son him' and held it clqee to the twinging lamp. A blase of light shot from the atone i held there, its color a dashing white* " ' V\\*hy!' ' X cried in sttsoidmenl; this is an enormous &aalian; diamond!'' " • Toe are right,' he said, with a smile, as ho caught sight of my face, whioh plaiiily indicated my excrement.. ' 3Fox that stone the OSty . of Delhi was sunk and her passengers drowned; for that stone the vessel has been bought, and you are engaged bo'raise her. But they have -fallen into'their own trap, for the stone they seek is in yoar -hand.' - " • How has iteome.abput?' I asked. " c Tbe ib^Hw is wmpifi enough. I am Rajah of Hurdwan, and ttos diamond csme to me by inhetitanbe. B had been badly cut and 1 sent it - in charge of a Hindoo to .Europe to be re-cut at a well-known establishment, i His seems to have been follpwedby anither Hindoo, who managed iosBe.tbe diamond in its finiSied' state, and who secured a crystal of remarkable purity. This latter' was carefully cot and diantecd- faced to resemble -the real atone ; and 117 savant,. oa arrival at Bombay, was bnlied with half a lac of rupees to Substitnte the crystal for die gem. He book ihi rupees, but, bong an .old servitor of my family. he bicked the other Hindoo, for he managed to change the stones again.: At Bombay he left the vessel, - having with him the diamond which you now hold, since X bad arranged for him to join my-rgtinnethere- The Hindoo who c'was left in the -vessel, and in whose possession was the crystal, had been enjoined to take the treasure to Celcctta. There was no istenlkn of allowing him to do so, for tbey thought it besttpsQeuoelum.' 33te -vessel was sunk, and with "it the Hindoo went Sown, the supposed flisTnrma being 'oontaitied in a box screwed fast to ' his cabin Boor. When the real diamond safely readied me I watched the plot to its . end, bat dared to say nothing about the acuttlinc of the ship: This, fact they win fay to hide, end it is one to which I specially wanted your attention called. Afterwards I went to Europe to see if X really had the for its counterfeit is said to be a remarkable stone. Satisfied bn fhat point, I am returning to Bombay with my treasure: knowing the difficulty, in spite of the ntmost precautions being taken, of keeping the real gem as my own. I have not suffered it to leave my poteoCBon since. Yon will understand, then, that I wish to pre vent Jhem from getting hold of the crystal even. Itwonld be disposed of aB a 'gennme-ftone, -so perfectly has It been faced, and that is why I sent someone on the Queen of the Ganges to by to to you. Yon mused your dip and fortunately T discovered you on mine. The fact that yon will descend •He drew from his pocket a scrap of paper and quickly sketched a plan of the sleepingberths an board the Bunk en ship. • 1 * The croas I have made there on the paper indict—a where the box is; a few strokes of s diver's axe and it win go to pieoos. Fling out the crystal,-and there the matter ends. loan rely upon the truth of all yon have fiaidr * I remarked, as the Bajah fewrfuj•ittpnlnrrimy. . . ' Yon may, most impliiffly ; the captain will give you any substantia ti on of my podtaon yon may wish to ask for. Promise me that the crystal ehall-nevercogie above the surface of the water.' I held ont my hand. ' Youxoay depend npon it,* X answered. Wsa it fancy, or did I at that moment bear some slight sound outride my cabin door I X glanced that way, and the Bajah, whosesfamy provedmcetcanclusrrely trne, as I evimtually found joot, whispered nervonsly: . "' I am watched; they think they have the diamond and now they want my "life 1' He drew oS the tmhan, in which he had again wrapped up the prat diamond. * Hide it; take care of it tul morning for me.' "I thought for a -moment what to do with tile gem. It "o 1 "!!to me that perhaps the Hindoos, after all, suspected tint the Bajah ^ ' fr* - even then ; if-so,-Jailing to get it from him, they mi^it nattoally conclude it was in my possession, Beeinghim leave my st eqbEi a latehonr. I unscrewed ttie wide top of the aWZDginsr twiip ^liA- lMtf vessel far oontainingtoe cQ, and into tffislttrnppea the diamond, screwing the top on t^ain- . •"'It will not hurt it,' I aaid; •-to-morrow you can eaoly cet ixcrat. £ willbum the lamp .all throngti the night, so that no oil, wH be left.'. Xhe RajaE pressed my hiand agmn, and then I (^eaed B» cabin docc. Ko one could he seen. I «too4 there wabiing- him as he went along, looking like a ghost in the dimly-lit way. ThEn I want into my cabin . and closed the door. A second'after I heard a Siarp cry. which seemed to be fonabiy etoraeu- Without myself in any : way; 1 ran dawn the passage. ISie Bajah wak lying on the Soar, and two Hindoos were holding him down, while a third was trying to gag him with a turban. They heard the cound -of my feet as I. ran forward, whereupon the one who was' trying to gag the Rajah." rose suddenly ' •wJ Mfl up both frMtfl^ -as if warning me not to advance. He moved leisurely towards me as if to bar the way. 1 etruck at him with my £st, and sent him reding the ship's ode muttering some foreign oath or threat which did not concern me much. As Boon as 1 reached the prostrate Bajah, whoeeemed to be lying quite anil,one of the remaining Hindoos sprang st me hold* lag a longish knife in right X caught the descending blow on my left arm, where it ripped a piece completely out of my coat sleeve, but, fortunately,did me no actus! barm beyond & alight graee. •"BackI Back!' the Hindoo hissed: back, or I kill yon! * x eaw tiie feflows mi^iliiaf for me as well as the Bajah, and X made a rush for the knife. The Hindoo was too waxy however: be- stepped -hastily back, then, as X lawwl 117 mwnded grip of the be raised, it above his head with a flash <i the bladt, - that X watched and waited to "ward oft. Ont of the darkness, behind the epot where the Hindoo stood menacing me, i saw a bsze arm oome, wbicb twined itself round the fellow's neck, and - dragged lay asssil&nt; ..to the ground. It was a eailor who huinened, as he afterwards told me, to be lying half asleep in' bis busk, when, liwuing -fl» BOunn of a ssulSf^ he <33spt eanfiondy np, -with the result Hint the Hindoo's amiable: iufanfiooB' oonoeming myself were focled, " Tbe wniBinnig Hindoo pLw.i|iitnldy fled after the one I had struck, and who had wisely withdrawn himself bom the fray. The sailor disarmed the Hindoo he bad soma, and gave him a KEtKmSng kick,, whMi helped him OP his way consdaably to where his ciwnpiiinnB were waiting at a safe distance to know howlie faced. "1 bent over" the prostrate Bajah, who had been badly treated, aid whose garb shewed abundant agas of asovae struggle with tiie others before X had gone to his relief. Wejcaxned him to'my own oahon, where be was placed on m couch- The Bailor widied to rooee tire «»p»in, bat I thought it beAto wait and hearwhat the Bajah had to When mKrimjij THmmA Fmm 1m state ^ ^rr-iin * iff tit hi EVW' some ^g. ^twlfffl an the coash, gsiiag dreamily at .me - as Xkept audi over him, far it swuifd likdy that the Hindoog wonldyrt^^Ae^anb&a; forIa>J^Mt qidte m^de wbiA was the red motm&rtbe; attack. *" JJ»: ffiseenEl' he coed, suddenly riwting np; *theynave stolen it faommel' " I emiledat -&e; detusan. ''Kotiftalir X anBwerea, r the aimnand ss 'safeenou^L-xn \- "^'lai saved mr Da,' he aid, wtm the state of thf affairs that hsfi happened dawned ^'Toflitt fancy that sailor saved mine, 1 -I- replied, * there w31 lie no deep for either of .ns to-night ; jtn bad better remMn here with me.'. Efethkhkednwwith all <hat: profiiiiyiaiiBt wbicb is eastca aoKfirauiM. Then to tnm the subject, X ukad: . • t - , , . .. _ ihe matiar to be inve^i- ^ ithe Hindoog jwmifad, aslhoy ^ was ^3ent for a mmnfce^nB' -if the a&kiif; eri£? ~.*3i6Z'I am afraid gat Wppld'opfyniakBanKgegBwrrwftflian tbey Hindoog have lieeii TiiiaiBTrythe owners of the Alp to jiAke&ssattacki;^ioii me. Kaow- lug, " from the construction of the harbor, that no eiSculty will be experienced in overhatilmg bie City of Delhi, they have fully counted on getting possesson of fiie diamond, which, they think, i^u the Bunken vessel. When they do so, however, * fnrther difficulty they expect will arise. I njay oome forward and claim the dramrmd, etatzng how X' have " been tricked; to avtnd this, my life haa been attempted. The Hindoos are not likelv, Lowever, to make another attack npon me; the failure of the first will completely dishearten them.* "I was not at all convinced by the Ka jab's argnment, and asked him: " * You have to get to Burdwan, whioh is some distance from Calcutta; but tomorrow we only reach Bombay, where we part company. How do you intend to cover the distanoe—br steamer, I ssp pose 1" "Bis reply was not what I by any means. "I shall not return to Bnrdwan for same time ; possibly a year even. I intend to pay a visit to Atunednuggier, where I hope to get some sport with an old friend of my own. " ' And how do you propose reaching Ahmednugger r' I astad. Poratthsitrmersilroads wtjre far from complete in Trirha." " ' First by rail, than by carnage ; the remaining part of the jomney,' "which liee throudi broken oountzy, will be made by palanquin.' " ' Yon will have a large retinne of eervants with you, of course !' I qnee tinned. . "TheBajahamOedatmy onrwarn torhis •' • -* " r.- " 1 I^obably six, certainly , not more than eight, all of whom would most likely fling down the palanquin and leave me to face any danger that occurred single-handed. "Your concern is, of course, about this diamond. Xt is just as safe now as it would be at Bnrdwan ; its secuoiy depends,on the good will of everyone o£my followers ; if tbey desert me at home the diamond will awuredly disappear. I am accustomed to travel about almost alone; if 1 were to suddenly do otherwise I should be suspected, watched and robbedon the first smtabte occasion.' '*' But your life!' I urged, 'are you not likely to lose it, if you expose yourself to dinger, with each a gem as this in your possession f "'1 cannot avoid my fate,' he answered. ' As I hare told you, I don't think the Hindoos will mskesnother attempt npon my lile. If they do, may Allah send me a frjcnfl jj, need, such as you have been.' "1 tried to persuade the Bajah to make a different plan, but without soooeBS. When '- morning came, I took the lamp down, and inverting it, the diamond fell out. After rjpanHing it, the Rajah folded it tm in his ftnrhnn, wrapped the latter round his head, andeoonafter we bad steamed into the s harbor. I saw the round eteap top of Halabar Hill, bios rnthpr than white in the morning mist; the. houses, some white and others reddish in ookit,layin front and to the left as we entered the harbor, but . I had little time to .wonder how it appeared at night, rui& as when the Bajah saw the; City of Delhi go down. Boat after boat out to meet us, their oocupants densely crowding the deck; T^jUJi officers, passengers, coolies refreshingly dressed in white, Faisisand Asiatics of every kind In the confusion X lost, sght of the Bajah witboat bidding him good-bye. So, on the deck of an ontward bound vessel I met him fiat; the second time was a meeting that, wiili all my fears for his safety. X least of all anticipated. On landing, I lost no time in making the necessary preparations 'for the raising of the vessel, and bad an interview: wish the salvage owners — three grave - looking Hindoos, who welcomed me, and eagerly discussed my plans. Two days after 1 waa .ready to make an inspedion of the sunken vessel. X was sitting the verandah, ' the Overland Summary of tbe Bombav Gazette," when a Hindoo servant approached, and after mskm^r a profound rmlaar 1 , thrust into my hand a soras of paper on which was scr*wleA the foHoiring message:— Xf yon value your fife, don't go down, to miniiH. the sunken ship; the diver is plotting againstyou.-^ABW£D iiiyn, BajahwBuxdwan.' X called the man back, but he-would say nothing beyond the fact that he had brought the message from the Bajah himself. .I drew out my watch; it waa quite early in the morning, and was within haffan-hour of the time X had appointed for file boat to take myself and one of the divers ont . into the middle of the harbor. I had been so much taken up with my i bonass that the Bajah's affairs had quite become forgotten when this note came as a rude awakener. - What he had found out X could only conjecture. Forbmstely one of the several divers engaged was an Englishmen, and X felt proportionate confidence in him. He was not to go down with me on the occassion, the man appointed for the task being a Malay who had already had 00cpi&ga;^B gijpriHw mi ^ Jiw. X determined bej»n^'St*lmt € aMt'T"wpnId substitute the Englishman for the Malay, as a matter of precaution. ••1 made my way to where the little steam launch was to be in readiness for those who were ±6 asset in the carrying out of fiie diving opera-ions. It was not there I I heard a shoot raised from midharbor, and saw one of the men' "beckoning me from tibelanadi, whii&i; had already gone out to commence the work without me. X jumped into the nearest boat, eanght op fhe oa» and polled hard tflll reaebed the launch on board of whicb l hastened. I met Jowett, the fitgtif^w^, first of anyone on board. " ' What does thin tnnan, JowettP tasked 'Ton have come ont befor« ^time,* and I pulled out my watch, jointing to the hands as X added, 'there, even now yon are quarter of an hoar "beStKetiuid.* •"The launch was ready half an hour ago, Mr Tkampean- Ton remember that you told ws to be aboard and fot straight brtnre yon came.* - \- *«•* Which ia another thing from coming bat inlo thennddk of the haiboc before yuu were teld.' " . ' ' -V ! - '"JBut yon did teHtu/ Joweit persisted, with an uumej .gfiaWTat me- - i. . !* f Nothing of the sort, ! tsD jobJ X replied; 'but there, .we ere was^ng time I only want one man to godown with me jnsstoeee exactly bow fhemneifies. X told Hateiic, & Halayi lie would be wanted,' 'tmt.' Fre ; ijanged .'.any. miiwl^ . X "want jot tboome Sofit wifii me, instead of ' * It's top late tonnVg fftst d a p now,'' Jowett answered. I wonder yon didn't tell Hatello when you cawhim a little while ago.' " * Too late—when I saw Hatello-! What am I to imflffretf™* from that! haven't seen Jlatellosmoe yesterday. Where ishe?" -r- • • " -*' Jowett pointed Bignifirantly over the ode of the lannch- • Yon^can see the tubee yourfielf, Mr Thompson. _ Hatello came down, is a hurry this moming with word that you were too unwell to go under water, and that lie was to go alone. He eaid yoa had asked him to report at once how the City of Delhi lay.' • "I began to put on my diving apparatus at once. * As soon as I em down, get your own things on and follow.me; say nothing to anyone, but keep a good -watch. If anything unusual oocurs make careful note of it.* "Jowett .sodded as be help me on with my ie&den; shoes, and then screwed the metal globe, into which my head was thrust, to the collar of copper' attached to the neck of the indiarubber diving dreo.- Glancing through the glass front of the head gear, I saw Jowett holding otrt my axe, and, taking it, I was rapidly lowered ov*r the ode cf the lannch: Down X went, lower and lower, the water changing color according to the sedimentit oontsined. At last X reached the bottom and stood for a minnte looking round, striving to discover the sunken vessel. " Darker than the water round me, I saw something - looming-* up in the distance, and, axe in hand, t slowly walked towards it. Tangled weeds clung to me breast high, asl neared it: then I saw, lying in one oonfused heap, the broken mimtfl and the rigging, beyond which lay the hulk of the sunken ship, partly embedded in the mud. Getting dose to the chip, X saw. evidence in plenty fhat the Bajah's account of her foundering was oonect—the City of Delhi had been scuttled! 1 Passing round the vessel, I saw that a great orifice bad been hewn in her side, large enough for a man to walk through upright. I went within: the dead lay everywhere around, and- there, right among than, kneeling beside a rough and discoloreO wobden box, dragged, no doubt, from the ill-fated Hindoo's cabin, was the Malay diver, .Hatello. 1 His back was towards ma as he groped feverishly there for the treasure he hoped to £cd; and, involuntarily, I raised •my axe and held it ova him. . He drew out a water-Bodden .paoket. wrapped in a pieoe of canvas, then pulled it hastily apart, and through the waters'I saw the glitter of the stone he had plotted to get; instigated, no doubt, by those who had caused the ship to be punk, and wlioee raising of her was to be a mete blind to account for the reason of their purchase, for not otherwise would they have had the right to send divers down. " Ashe rose with the stone in his hand, I uddenly it from Inm^ and flung it away with all the force I could. MateQo grigped his axe as he saw me facing him; -while I, for "better opportunity to defend myself, backed ont from the vessel, and stood before on the bed of the harbor. " The Malay noted his axe and aimed a terrific blow at the air tubes above my head. Quickly I oaught the axe on ciy ovii| and then, foigettzng everything else, \re en* K&g6din; & strange fight for Tife fifty feet below the'surface of the harbor waters. I warded off the lightning strokes of his axe, and pressed him in turn until by some mia- • chance, the din pi 117 weeds cansht me, and I fell upon myjacH. In a second I sprang- up to beat him off, feeling that all was over—when X felt' myself being rapidly raised,"and the strange encounter was ended! "' Yon gave no eignal,' whispered Jowettt to me, as he took" off my head-gear, but I felt cure something had gone wrong and told the men to get you-on board. It's by belief,' he added, 'they knew what Hatello was after ' when he went down in that crafty way first; X hope nothing's happened, Mr Thompson ; I thought it beat to a lay upTiare.* il I Nothing of any importance,'I answered, as I Sung off the diving dress. 'Get that precious Malay on to launch as soon as you ' a.' " Dp Hatello came, and when he, too, had filing off his gear I stopped him as he was making for tbe boat alongside ' Yon can choose between telling me who induced yon to attempt this fine piece of work and explaining matters at the judicial court,' X said. He stcod irresolute for a minute, and then made a clean breast of it. Again tiie Rajah had been proved correct. , We weni&sbore; again, and' after some weeks, in spile of the oppoafaon of the owners of the sunken ship, we eventually raised her, but in the meantime they dis appeared. Everyone thought they had fled from the consequences of-the discovery of their strange nrime; but these was another reason why they did so, for the Bajah had "been th» cady witness of the wnkmy of the ship, "and they had not finished with him the slzangeet part of my adventure, which i» to conw, ^Tptams. "Thedaybefcra I diipped bad: to Eng. land, laving everything ready lor 117 Ut&cn;, I spent the time in calling npon various I had made, - when, happeningto speak of the Bajah> advectare m' the harlxjr at inght my friend pro- PMed a monnli^it row, the waters outside beSng mrae than usually cahn- : I agreed to his suggestion sad when the'moaa rose we put cat- together. Oat ef fte hitriwr our fitde caft was pulled,and for two faoms or tus we enjoyed _ihe zzight broetse whiri oame saee^iingOTerthe expanse afooean. " Witii eapteeaionaof xegint, we put the boatabemtgndturafd tlw prow towards harbor. Watahingthe distant lights oi the town, I saw something gently floating towards us; something that looked like a piece of wreckage more than aught else. X called my companion's- attention -to it, and he rested on his oars while I pointed it out, as slowly it floated neater and ertU nearer- Looks like a pieoe of a broken-up ehip,' said he, 'with a^saol flung over it; it's a qneK-looking affair; we'll keep the boat eteady till it passes, for it will pass us, that is certain.' " The floating "mass drew quite dose to us, and thrusting out an oar, X stopped it in its course. It swung round so that the spar, which was at one ode as a makeshift mast, rocked, and in doing so partly dragged the sail bom the rude raft it covered. "Without further thought, I flung the sail aside and saw there—the dead body of a Hindoo! Something in the eHl-iet features attracted my attention, and, conquering my aversion, I studied them carefully. I bad seen them before, most certainly—for the body lying on the raft was that of Ahmed SiBd, the Bajah of Burdwan. So Iznet him for the second, and for the last time ! We drew the brown sail over die raft and its burden and watched it as it floated slowly away, flouted ont to Bea, the prey of seabird. of shark, of ocean storm !" r And the diamond ?"' I asked, " was the Bajah robbed of it P' " Nothing more was heard of the gem or of the way in whioh Ahmed Sind met his, death, for the Hindoo is secret and Blent when it suits his purpose. Same day the gem will doubtless turn up again; another tragedy added to those which mark its history already 1 But there my adventure aids." 1 I SAW A AT.M, WHICH TBEiEB RSELP ROC.VD THB FBLIJOW S NECK, "JSVOMTSTABILT I RAISED >£T AXE." —" Xiudgate Monthly." 