GOSSIP. Mr. Pullman, of palace-car fame, who is said to possess £10,000,000 sterling, says : -" I believe that I am no better off-ccrtaiuly no happier-than I was when I didn't have u dollar io my name, and hud to work from day- light until dark. I relished three meals a day then a good deal inure than I do three meals a day now. I had fewer cares, I slept better, nnd I may add generally that I believe I was far happier in those days than 1 have been many times since I became a millionaire. And yet it is a comfortable feeling tobe rich." " Is it not a pity," write» a lady corres- pondent from Florence to a contemporary, "that our Queen dresses so badly? Might not thc women of Eugland subscribe and pre- sent her «ith a sweet, soft, lacy, old lady's bonnet every month, and then perhaps the terrible black inuBlirooni lint, and the grey hat with thc draggled feathers, might be laid aside! When the Queen of Italy was here, with her lovely face and most exquisite toilet, thc contrast between the Queens was trying even to the most loyal of Englishwomen." Princess Alix of Hesse was tho " first love " of the late Duke of Clarence, who twice pro- posed to her. The PrinccBB was at thal time resolved to marry only for affection, nnd although she liked the Dirke very well a? a cousin, yet she did not feel herself to be in love with him, so she refused his, proposals. The Czarevitch (to whom Princess Alix is to bc married) is, of course, a very brilliant match, but few people will be disposed to congratulate the Princess on her future pros- pects, as he is weak, both mentally and physically, and by no means amiable in his temper, resembling, indeed, the Emperor Paul a great deal more than the Emperor Nicholas. It ia notorious, besides, that the marriage of her sister, Princess Elizabeth of Hesse, and the Grand Duke Serge is a very unhappy one. At the end of an interesting discussion in .Sert&nerV; MagazitK of the unwomanliness now produced by modern education amoug Ameri- can woman, Miss Alice Gorreu alludes to the fact that so many American girls marry non Amcrican men. The striking point is that she should ascribe this less to a fondness for English and European wealth or titles, as such, than to thc essential unattractiveness of the American man, who is too busy making money to have energy left for sentiment. The average American male (she says) in u cold creature outside of his business and his politics ; one who courts and marries by instinct, but in whom appiebension of the heights and depths of these delicate matters is as yet in the rudimentary stage. This lack of the emotional in the atmosphere with which he surrounds himself reacts perceptibly on thc American woman. He glories in it himself. But there arc times when he docs not love its results so well. It hos been deplored that the American girl should show so un-American a fancy tor marrying into foreign nobilities. 7'itlcs are supposed to be the word of the incantation in all these cases. It ÍB soothing to tho American to tell himself this ; but it is not a conclusion borne out by the facts. Any kuowledge at all thorough of these international marriages discloses too many instances in which the affections are involved as well as the ambi- tions. The American girl may smile at tho prospect of the name and the blazon, and the bridegroom consider carefully the settlements that will come with the bride. And still this does not shut out the fact that the two young people may be very much in love with each other. Some of these marriages are unhappy. So are some marriages among Americans. But it would be foolish to refuse to recognise the many times when they are, on the con- trary, extremely happy. As a lover, the European has several points in his favour be- yond tho American ; and the American girl has never been slow to find this out. THE KEWEST DIVERSION. Skirt-dancing for the time is dead in English society, aud even the coater songs of Mr. Albert Chevalier have ceased to be thc attraction they once were. The reason is not fur to seek. They have become common. And so, as with a fashion that has descended, tho " first flight " of English Bocioty hus sought something new, aud found it in tableaux vivarUs. Not, be it understood, the old simple living pictures such as 41 Sweet- hearts" or "Little Red Riding Hood," but elaborate and truthful representations from the worka of great urtisls, the stage crowded with correctly costumed figures, appropriate scenery in the back- ground, and limelight used with tell- ing effect. Such great reproductions as the "Roll Call," the "Execution of Mary, Queen of Scots," " Tho «lave Market," aud "Thc Passing of Arthur "being of the class which have attained such marvellous popu- larity at home. Every artifice is used to give effect and add realism to thc tableaux. The curtain rises ou a pitch-dark stage. Slowly the lights are raised from the front, sides, and flies. Then, if needed, the coloured and lime lights arc turned on. Appropriate music of thc best kind is played the whole time, and where necessary the song or ballad connected with or appropriate to thc picture is Bung, either behind the scenes or at the wings. For instance, during the exhibition of thc " Boll Call " thc "Queen's Lotter" is given, and with " The Slave Market " Longfellow's beautiful poem " The Slave's Dream," com- mencing " Beside thoungathcred rice be lay," is sung. The new amusement has already been pressed into thc cause of charity in thc colony by Lady Madden, who has commence! thc preparation of a series of tableaux for presen- tation at the Bijou Theatre towards thc end of July, the proceeds to be devoted to tue various charities around Melbourne. Remem- bering thc wonderful success of a similar enter- tainment on a much smaller scale last year, it is certain, with thc fuller accommodation a theatre can afford, that a still greater triumph can be achieved. Amongst thc many effective pictures which have found especial favour thc following may bc mentioned : Venus catching Cupid (with a net), ComrndcB in Arms, Bubbles, Paolo and Francesca, Cleopatra and Antony (barge 6cene), The First Love Letter, Solitude, La Cigale, The Shy Lover, Heiodias and Her Daughter, The Guardian Angel, How Lisa Loved thc King, The Last Dance, The Widow's Mite, lu the Stocks, The World went very well then, Louis XL, Thc Sculptor, Thc Passing of Arthur. The Death of the Firstborn, The Love Letter, The Health of the Bride, Darby and Joan, The Fates, Mr. Muntilini and thc Bailiffs, Many Wooers Sought Her Hand, An Undress Rehearsal, A Tiff, Sweethearts and Wives, Faith, Consulting the Oracle, Joau of Arc, Launcelot und Elaine, Circe, Playmates, Old Love Rcucwcd, Thc Return of the Penitent, Tho Interrupted Ghost Story, Alice in Won- derland, Dothcboy's Hall. 