FOURTH PAGE.—The following additional reading matter will be found on the fourth page : —Mining News and Notes, Macorna, Extraodinary Cruelty to Boy, Melbourne Gossip, Letters to the Editor, Peculiar Charge of Pocket-picking. To-day’s Events. —Minister’s Association, 9 a.m. ; Eaglolmwk Police Court, 10 n.m. ; Eohuca Police Court, 10 a.m. ; Sfc. Vincent Do Paul Society, 3.30 p.m. ; Englohawk W.C.T.U., 7 p.m. ; entertainment, Temperance Hall, 8 p.m. ; Rawci, Masonic Hall, 8 p.m. ; “Sinbad tbo Sailor,” theatre, 8 p.m. ; annual meeting, Albion Football Club, 8; Eaglobawk Fire Brigade meet 8 p.m. ; Central Football Club, 8 p.m.; Loyal James Roe Lodge, 7.30 p.m. A Lengthy Sitting,—Tbo City Police Court yesterday sat from 10 a.m. till after 7 p.m.—tho longest sitting on record for several years past. Even then the list was not finished, and tho cace of Harry Hill for maliciously wounding bad to be adjourned till this morning. Most of tbo time was occupied in hearing two cases—tho City Counoil against Alfred England for the re covery of rates, and a charge of arson against a*man named Patrick Gleeson, Full reports will be found elsewhere. The Special Mayoral Concert, —For tho concert in tho Lower Reserve to-morrow even ing an especially fine programme has been arranged, Tbo grounds will also bo brightly illuminated. Tbo programme is as follows: Quickstep, “ The Contest” (J. Ordhume); selection, “Pirates of Penzance” (by desire), (Sullivan) ; solo, “ Bandit's Life” (Harper), Mr. Gladstone Wright; part song, “Tho Healthful Chase” (Astholy), thn Liedortafel; waltz, “Heliotrope” J. Robertson; song, “It was a dream” (Cowcn), Miss Sara Lewis; partTsong, “ Maiden Liten” (C. F. Adam), the Liedortafel; band, “William Toll” (Frost- Rossini) ;song,“ Olf to Philadelphia” (Haynes), Mr. Gladstone Wright; selection, “Siege of Rochollo” (Balfo) ; song, “By tbo Fountain” (Adams), Miss Sara Lewis; part song, “Thuringinn Yolksliod (Abt), the Liedortafel; galop, Final Flutter” (J. E. Bulob) band; God savo the Queen. Accompanist, Mr. L. Richardson; conductor of band, Mr. J. Northcott. The Clare Inn Bridge at Barijedown.— The Hon. J. Sternberg and Mr. R. O'Neill, M’s.P. were recently asked by a deputation to request tbo Public Works department to place a sura upon tho estimates to assist the Shire Councils of Huntly and Waranga to replace the planking on this bridge, which is in a very unsatisfactory condition, and must for the public safety be repaired. The secre tary for Public Works has now .replied that the request will receive consideration when tho estimates are being prepared, but Mr, Webb is unable to hold - out any hopes that any vote will be- provided in tbo present condition of tho finances,. Lecture on Wine Making.—There was a §ood attendance at tbo Beobivo Cafe yestor ny afternoon when Signor Bragato, the Government wine expert, delivered anrinstruc*' live lecture on wine making. The president of tho Viuosrowera’ Association occupied the chair, and too audience was chiefly composed of vignorons. Tho lecture dealt with various methods of making wine, and pointed out the defects and causes of tbo failure of many vignorons to turn out a really good article. Bendigo Art Gallery. Tho monthly mooting of tho Art Gallery committee was held yesterday afternoon. There wore pre sent—Messrs. J. W,. Rymer (In tho chair), A. Mackay, W. Davis, H. Credgington, R. H. S. Abbott^and the -Rev. J. Garlick. Apologies for non-attendance wore received from Messrs. Cohn, Lazarus iund Faul.' A letter was received from the trustees of the National Gallery, Melbourne,, ro the exchange of certain pictures, and asking for the execution of the insurance. It was decided. ko grant the request. Miss Alice Chapman,' Collins street, Melbourne, wrote, offering for presentation s portrait in oils painted by her. of the Hon. J. F. Sullivan, formerly chair man of the municipality of Bendigo/.and Minister of Mines. Accepted with .thanks. The secretary stated that ho bad written, tp' ,tbe Treasurer reminding him of tbo Govern ment grant, !but be bad received no reply. - A donation of £lO 10s from Mr, J. Robshaw was banded.in,.ahd-'it. was decided, to place, his-name on .tbe life gdyernors’ Toll. ,’The; advisability of beginning a series of 'entertain-! jppnts in aid of the JundS was doferred for a month.'; Accounts amounting .to £6 10s 6d ; wore pasjioa' payment and tbo meetihg closed. The First.; Beotojt -xqa firstV gang or jidavvioa ''aelooWß xo;- work Kaheira ..-rail-' way lino will leave Melbourne ot once (says tho Ago), the surveyor** having got far enough ahead to allow or the oponing of the earthworks’. As tho country Is level, however, the work, will bo mainly tho formation of tbo track and tho ballasting of tho sloopors. Tenders are being called • for 50,000 redgnm, ironbark or box sleepers for this lino, so tlmtlho motorial may be to hand as required. It is tho Intention of.tho Govern- mont to inoludo in tho bill authorising the lino a olaufo applying basis mileage rates to the extension, as in the case of the last made mallee railways, which will pay local rates until they realise interest. It is understood that those local charges will bo opposed in Parliament, and that tbo policy’ of charging; tho basis rales on those lines will bo thrailied out. So far, tho Minister states, there has boon a loss. McLAUGHLIN v. Bank ok Viotouia.-His. Honor Mr. Justice A’Beckett delivered judge ment in tho Practice Court yesterday in tbo ease of McLaughlin v. tho Bank ot Victoria. This action was brought by Mr. M'LaugbUn against tbo Bonk of Victoria in respect to 400 shares in tho now bank standing in the name of J. M. Highett, and belonging to tho estate Of Michael Steele. J. M. Highett was for merly 'administrator of Steele's estate, aud transferred his trust to tho plaintiffs, and also made a transfer of tho shares. McLaughlin then applied to tho bank to register the trans fer of tho shares, but the bank refused to do so, claiming to have a lien on tho snares in rouped to J. M. Highett's private indebted doss to tho bank. Mr. Justice A’Beckett yes terday decided that tho bank was not entitled to hold any lion over tbo shares. Eight Hours Committed.— A meeting of the committee was hold Inst evening, Mr, G, B. Lowery in tho ohair. Correspondence wos received: From tbo secretary of the Engineers’ Association, slating that as tho sports day, the Esth April, would not suit them they had decided to withdraw their delegates. Received with regrot. - Prom Busier Fair committee, slating thot the board* ing in Pall Mall would ho at tbo committee's disposal after a few days, when the figures could bo removed. Received with thanks.— From Traders* Association, agreeing to rccogniso tho 25th of April ns a holiday. Received with thanks,-From Druids Piopio committee, asking that their Sheffield Han dicap, in which a protest was entered and uphold against tho winner, should bo run at the Eight Hours’ sports Itequo/t granted. The sports commlltoo drew up tho following programme: Wheel race, 2 miles, £l4; Shef field handicap, £l4; trial wheel race, £8 (open to all who ‘never won over £5 lu an advertised hioyole moo) : 300 yds handicap,£7; boys’ race, 14 years and under; and a number of trade races. It was resolved to call tenders for booths and stands and to apply for the Town Hall for April 25 for a A silver tea and coffee service was received with thanks from H. Jackson and Cos, as a donation, and a sot of silver ware from Connolly and Cos,. Presentation to a Fireman, —Tho mem bers of tho No. 1 Brigade assembled at the Fire Brigade Hotel last night to present tboir foreman, Mr. John Aitken, who is leaving for Coolgardio, with a token for his services in tho brigade. The chairman, Captain Palmer, after proposing Foreman Aitken’s health, presented him with a handsome gold ring, a silver modal and illuminated address, the text of which ran as follows Dear sir,—On behalf of tho brigade wo have been requested to convoy to you the deep regret wo all fool ot your departure from amongst us, and to express tho high esteem in which you have boon bold by us during tho many years you bavo been connected with the brigade. Your conscientious and unbiassed adherence to tho brigade and your zealous Interest for its welfare has been tho • theme of general commondotion. As foreman of tbo brigade your loss is severely felt and it will bo a difficult matter to select a fireman with such sterling abilities os possessed by you, combined with a kind and gentle disposition to carry out tho office whiob you have so ably filled, and wo feel that the brigade has lost one of its most enthusiastic members. We are aware that it is your intention to seek fortune in the now Eldorado, Western Australia, and it is our earnest hope that in tho near future you will return to us, and whether Successful or otherwise you will receive a hearty welcome. Wo ask your acceptance of the accompanying gift as a slight token of respect and esteem, and in recognition of your many valuable services. Wishing you every success in your venture, wo ore, elc., Wm, Palmer. captain; John Minter, lieutenant; Thos, Brown, secretary. Foreman Aitken responded, and in a fow well ohosou words thanked the members lor tho handsome presents. During tho evening songs wore rendered by Messrs, Rondano. W. Regan, J. Drechsler, E. Humphries, ana J. Newman. Tho toasts of tho press, by ox oaptain Kennedy, and tho hostess by Mr.' Pownall, wore also honored. Making Things Lively.— A young man named Charles Cardingly, caused a sensation in Hargreaves .street yesterday afternoon whilst in a state of intoxication. Ho accosted Mr. Rees, grocer, in front of his shop, and accused him of insulting his wife. Mr. Rees hot knowing him took no notice but walked away. During bis absence Cardingly ontprqd tho shop and opening a pocket knife told Mrs. Rees that ho would - give it” to her husband. Mps, Rees being greatly frightened ran to tho back of the shop, and (ho drunken man then assaulted ao elderly man named William Adams, who was in tho shop. After punching him in the ribs several limes with tho hand in which ho held the open knife, bja . wept to the door and mot Mr. Rees returning. Tho latter endeavoured to pacify him, bub Cardingly struck him a severe blow with bis fist on tho loft eye. They then closed and Mr. Rees throw him and hold him down, in tho sougjo receiving a b|to on tbo loft Arm. As there was no constable about Cardingly was allowed' to rise, A number of young men who bad now assembled tried to per suade him to return home, but ho rorontored tho shop, commenced a rapid'firo of tinware, baking dishes, breakfast cans and dippers, wiiich were banging outside {the door, at the occupants of tho shop. Tho bombardment was intermixed with expressions such as “I’ll havo your blood,” and “I’ll hang for_ you." Tho only damage done was to tbo missiles, and after expending all tba “ ammunition” ho walked off. Constable Mallon, who bad' boon called, came up soon after and vent with Mr. Rees to Cardingly's residency Mr* Rees was at first unwilling to give him in charge, but as bo continued to abuse him ho decided to do so. Mr. William Burall, J.P., of Dayles ford, a well-known pioneer of mining on different Victorian goldfields, including Bendigo; also a veteran local preacher of the Wesleyan denomination, is dead. About 12 months ago he was knocked down by a tram car in Melbourne, and being an old man never fully recovered from the shock. Died in Western Australia. —With so many hundreds of men prospecting for gold in the West Australian wilderness, it is un fortunately only to bo .expected that every now . and Chon news of calamities of different kinds overtaking some of them will ho received. One of the latest who has succumbed to tho arduous and rough life is Mr. Edward Egan, brother in-law to Mr, Richard O’Neill, M.L.A. for Mandurang. The deceased young man was a son of Mr. John Egan, a pjonber of tbo Oaylesford district, and after whom the township of Eganstowa was called. He went to Western Australia about 18 months ago as a member of a survey parly, Abont six months ago with others they fitted out a gold prospecting party, taking supplies with them sufficient for a long tour. The next that his relatives in Bendigo heard of the party was? on Saturday last,' when Mrs. O’Neill received -a telegram announcing the receipt of tbo news of tbo death of her brother. A report also reached us yesterday that whilst working in.Fraser’s mine at.. Southern Cross one young Bondigoniaa had lost his life and another had a', very narrow escape. It'was stated that.in one of the levels- they' bad fired a charge of '.dynamite. Instead of exploding it merely smouldered away, as dynamite, especially if of bad quality, will sometimes do, ’ and filled the'.place .with poisonous fumes. 4 s yoaog raoh did -not ascend tbo shaft at knpo.lfiog off time the' men above wont down to ascertain tbo cause, and found ono lying dead in the drjvo and tbo other , at the point of death,. The dead body and the unconscious man wore brought to the-surface. After a, while the latter regained consciousness, the fresh air coun teracting the poisonous fumes which ho bad inhaled. Tbo name - of the deceased young man was given as Knuckey', » resident of Long Gully, and of his mate as Nankervis. However, though tWe ■ story was circumstan tially told it could hot havo referred to minors of those names, for on being inter viewed last evening Mrs. Knuckey stated that her son had not been for a considerable time past working in any of tho mines, as bo was in ill health. A tarty ot 25 young men,mostly experi enced minors, left Ballarat for Coolgardio yos- - terday, to try their fortune there. “Sinead the Sailor. ’ —This splendid spectacular entertainment was again well patro nised last night. A number of now songs and dances wore introduced. Miss Alice St John sang “After tho Ball,” Miss Lucy Fraser, the pretty selection, “This Is love.” Mr. Wilkin son contributed an original, version of “Ta ra-boora,” and after being twice recalled was compelled to favor bis demonstrative patrons with “Hamlet’s' Ghost,”. All the other vocalists rendered special items and - several new local bite-wcre.also.set to verso and were highly appreciated, Tho Wqlhalla Bros.’ feats of aorobatish) -were loudly, applauded. FbrYho remainder of the season specislon .gagemonts have-beoa-made with tbo' Linton troupe ; of acrobats Rod . triple golden bar artiste, this being their first performance , in < ’Australia. They aredoscribod as daring and intrepid performers. The special arrangement made. w|th the Tramway/ Compa’ny for Eagle hawk residents was .of laqt'nigbt- - This novel' idea seems, tb; be bjgWy nppreoiatetf ; fuller porUovrtarsmky bo soon in our -advertising columns. The yuuoosß which attended lost Saturday’s matinee lu»s led the management' to give a farewell afternoon performance on Wednesday (10-morrow). Children on that occasion will bo admitted for half-price all over the house. An Unfortunate , Mistake.—A case of mistaken identity in which a’youog'»;''man' named; Charles Rostan Winn was the 'sufferer,, oarac before tho City Police Court yesterday/ He was to have boon charged with forging and uttering o postal qrdfcr, . but when the caso came on for bearing Sub-lnspeotor Mur- phy said tho police had got hold of tho wrong man, Tho offence had been committed in- Echuoa a fortnight «go_and a description'' of the offender was telegraphed to tbo Bendigo police. Winn bad tho misfortune to answer completely to the description and was accordingly arroaled. The snb-inapootor said tho police were extremely sorry for the mis take. However, the man's position would pot be effected, ns they bad an assurance from his employer that ho would bo kept in the same position os before. Mr. Leader having expressed his regret at the unfortunate mistake, tbo young men loft tho court. Our! Eohuoa correspondent'' writing yesterday morning says:—Mr. Joseph O’Brien, licensee of the Union Club Hotel, who unfortunately and innocently cashed the postal order sur reptitiously outeined by some person from tho. Eeb\ioa post office Is convinced that tho Bendigo got the wrong man in tho person of Winn, who was arrested on Satur day at Bendigo, Mr. O’Brien states that ho . knows Winn and that tho person who. cashed the order is a different individual altogether. This ‘Tramway Service.— The refusal of tbo Tramway Company to accept the conces sion offered by tho City Council of a five years’ extension of the time originally al lowed for tho construction of (ho Golden., Square to White Hills line was considered by die tramway conference yesterday, Tho lino should have boon finished in February last, bat the councils did not press for penalties. The Esglobawlf councillors . qttendc.d . the conference yesterday apparently determined to retain the Englohawk tterrjno at any cost, nod advanced some good reasons for their contentions. Cr. Kneebone moved that the conference forego' the crossline rather-than 1 compel tbo company to abandon tho Bendigo to Englohawk section. This idea was not favorably received by tho Maropg and Bon* digo councillors. The proposition was d!»* cussed at length, two and a half hours being occupied.- Cr. Bailes took the lead on behalf of tho Golden Square and White Hills people. getting a tramway some day, ana Cr. McGowan pleaded as eloquently for the com pany. Cr. Kneebone’s motion was lost by 10 votes against 8. Matters therefore stand in stetu quo. of tho Bendigo Benevolent Asylum and Lying-In-hospital for tbo month ended 31st March, 1894 Remaining in the Asylum 28th February, 1894—Males, 155; females, 86 ; lying in patients, I; infants, 2. total, 193. Received -Males, 3; females, 1; lying-in patients, 1; infants, 1; total, 6. Dis charged, cured or relieved—Females, 1; lying-in patients, 1; infante, 2; total 4. Died —Males, 2: total, 2. Remaining in tbo Asy lum 31st March—Males, 156; females, 35; lying-in patients, 1; infante, 1; total, 193. William Graham, aged 84, native of Scotland, on 6(h March, from senile debility. Admitted 2nd November, 1898. John Henry Harrison, aged 73, native of Lancashire, on 515 th Anarch, from paralysis. Admitted 29th January, 1894. Arrived in Melbourne in 1852, per Cressy, Tho daily average of oases relieved oat-door during tbo month was 290 adults and 109 chil dren. \- Riots tor Liquor.— Disturbances pf a very serious character havo taken place In the Darlington district of the State of South Carolina, United States, in connection with the attempted enforcement of a rigid pro hibition liquor law, the Dispensaries Act of that Slate. The researches of the' police with q view to discover secretly conducted dram shops excited tbo strong resentment of a section of tho residents of Darlington, who attacked tbo polico force, billed 20.constables and drove the survivors to take shelter in a swamp. The Governor of South Carolina has issued an order to the Darlington militia to assist tbo police in quelling tbo liquor law riots. Tbo militia, however, havo declined to obey the order.—Ago cablegram. In response to numerous requests, tho Rev. Mr. Wallace and Ain*. Wallace will give their popular lecture entertainment, "Love, Courtship, and Marriage,” in the Temperance Hall this evening, _ The ordinary meeting of tho Loyal James Hop Lodge, M.1T,1.0 0.F., wifi take place this evening at the Bcobivo Exchange, at 7.30. There will bo initiation of now members and general business. Air. W-’ G- Bentley will sell on Wednesday, April Hth, an allotment of lan 1 and five-roo aed weatherboard house, the property of Mcssrg, Ives, of Church street, Englohawk. Alqunted-constablo Nomuus will soil on Thurs day, at 3 O’clock, at the police barracks, tho race horse Soldier Boy, under a distress warrant. 