SATURDAY, MAY, 26, 1894. GALLOWS FOR TWO. ACCORDING to present arrangements, Montgomery and Williams, the men concerned in the Bridge-street affray, are to be hanged in Sydney on the last day of this month. A vigorous move- ment has been undertaken to secure a commutation, and it has been taken part in by some of the most able and just men in Sydney, Cardinal Moran amongst the number ; but the Execu- tive will not yield, and a Minister has told the Assembly that unless new facts are elicited the case will not be reopened. If the hanging takes place, this one thing will be mainly respon- sible for it-adoration of property. True, the law allows the hanging, though if it were not for the thing mentioned the extreme penalty would certainly not be inflicted. In no other colony is the law the same as it is in New South Wales. Everywhere else a very marked dis- tinction is made between the intent to murder and the consummated act of murder. And most rightly so, because of the enormous difficulty in deter- mining what a man's mere intention is. In most cases the intention is known only to the man himself ; and then the court can generally get no nearer than a reasonable supposition. Three questions have in those cases to be answered:-(1) Did the man act with the violence that a murderer might be expected to exercise) (2) Did he not have the opportunity and means to complete the killing? and (3] Were there motives for murder and (which is of the utmost importance) nothing short of murder? In this case Montgomery and Williams were burglars : there is practically no doubt about that. They were disturbed, and sought safety in fight. Their progress was barred by constables, and to prevent the officers seizing them they aimed blows with the burglars' implements which they had with them in precisely the same way it is possible, that a constable would aim blows with his baton, not to kill but to prevent escape. One of the two at least had a revolver, but he did not use it as a man bent upon murder and not upon escape might reasonably be expected to do. The two men were arrested at once and were tried for intent to murder, and sentenced to death for that. For the intent was everything in this case ; the actual assault was comparatively a trivial matter. Now, our conception of the intention which a man has is often most largely governed not by what that man himself does, but by our own state of mind. We can work ourselves or permit others to work us into that condition in which we see in every bush a highwayman. We lately worked ourselves up, or permitted others to work us up, into such a state of mind that every time we read a laudatory notice of a bank we looked anxiously for the succeed- ing announcement that that bank had closed its doors. So also hysterical folk see ghosts and even some police- men see stones hurled upon roofs with- out any hand being behind them. It happened, unfortunately for Mont- gomery and Williams, that, at the particular time of their Bridge Street exploit the question of arming the police was in the public mind. It had been strongly supported by the larger section of the Press and by the Government. Here, then, was an opportunity for this section of the Press to show how nearly infallible it is. To do that and at the same time to bring into actual operation a plan which it favored-in other words, to show the public its omnipotence as well as its infallibility-the public mind was worked upon by means of the most blood-curdling accounts of the affray, all the more dangerous because appearing in the columns of newspapers that are for even re- probating sensationalism. Seeing how the cat was jumping, the Premier decided to be on the side of the con- stables, and paid them, in the most public manner possible, special atten- tions, which naturally only heightened popular belief in the exceptional heroism of these men and, conversely, the exceptional daring and brutality of their assailants. They were con- gratulated that they had escaped so lightly as they had done ; which could only mean that there was the intent to do worse things. And yet,it can be affirmed unhesitatingly, the assault was no more serious than scores that are committed every year and of which no great fuss is made. It was no more serious than some of the unfortunate police suf- fered during the Broken Hill strike -let it be said with pain and sorrow and regret-and for the worst of which a man and a striker was even at that excited time sentenced to only nine months' imprisonment. That, how- ever, was an assault committed upon the police by an unknown man : this, on the other hand, was an offence committed by men who had just com- mitted an offence against property. Hence the heinousness of it ; hence the perfect safety with which a property- serving Press and Government might beslobber the constables in order to blacken the cause of and foredoom the prisoners. Not a word can or ought to be said to keep these men ont of hard-labor imprisonment for a very long term of years. They are burglars-one of them with a very bad record-and, as eight out of every ten criminals do, they attempted to evade arrest and punish- ment, but they did it by assaulting men whom the public is bound in honor and propriety to protect to the very uttermost That, at the same time, is not a bit more serious than, if as serious as, the favorite action of broken bank directors who endeavor to shield themselves by foisting the blame upon their servants, the managers and auditors ; and it is not half as con- temptible. Still for both offences Montgomery and Williams should be punished very severely-for the bur- glary and the assault. But because they are burglars who even seek to escape by disabling those who are pur- suing them, they should not be deemed also would- be murderers ; and we can- not escape the conviction that it was their violent offence against pro- perty that is putting the rope round these men's necks, that it is the pro- perty-serving Press that has done most to put it there, and that a Premier and Cabinet refuse to remove it because they, too, put Property before Justice. If we are to hang men for burglary and other such offences against property, let us have it set out plainly in black and white in the statutes. Or if we are to hang only those who rob or try to rob and then seek escape by injuring others, let us have that set out. In the latter case a "bank" director or two may yet smell soaped hemp and one or two others will have only narrowly escaped that sensation. 