Inspiration of the Bible. 'I.KCTUKE HY IHK KEV. J. S. Sl'PHKIiSON. ON Tuesday evening. Kev. J. S. M'Pberson, of East Maitland, delivered a lecture on the above subject in the Oddfellow's Hull, BK con street, to an audience of about forty ; Mr. John McPherson, Clarenza, presiding. The Reverend gentleman, after reading a purtiou of Scripture and engaging in prayer, stated that thu reason why his audience was not larger was probably that the local clergy were aa sound on the point in question as he wus himself, and he trusted they were. What induced him to deliver the lecture were the utterances of the Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly in March last, sundry letters that had appeared iu the newspapers, pamphlets and public lectures that followed on the question. Since his lecture had been announced he noticed that iu the proceedings of the Presbytery of Sydney it was stated that tho Bev. G. M'Innes had declared a modification of his views. He confessed he was not satisfied with the statement made by the Rev. Mr. Mucky us to his conversation with Rev. G. M'Innes, nor did he think, that the public would be satisfied till the latter withdrew the sermon delivered at the Assembly, or made a more definite statement on the ques- tion. He was glad to hear, however, that there was an approach on the part of Mr. M'Innes .to the orthodox view of plenary inspiration. But the title of his discourse was "The Death of the Verbal Theory." Mr. M'Innes modified his statements by stating that he only referred to the English version, but he (the speaker) never heard any theo- logian venture to say that the verbal theory had anything to do with the English or any j other translation. They must, however, j give Mr. .M'Innes the benefit of the doubt, but it was strange that one claiming to have facility of expression was unable to clearly convey his menning to the intelligent men that listened to him. This was one of the best possible proofs against the thought and idea theory. He altogether repu- diated the idea that only men who passed through divinity halls were capable of com- prehending or dealing with this subject, but he believed that there was material in the. Blessed Book that "the way-faring man, though a fool.may not err therein." He He spoke in refutation of several passages of the Moderator's address. There was the statement of the sacred writers, them- selves, despite what may be said to the contrary, that what holy men wrote was the Word of God, not only, the ideas or the thoughts, but the very wordB themselves. The mere fact that certain difficulties sur- rounded the orthodox theory of inspiration was not sufficient reason for abandoning it. Some of the fundamental points of our faith present difficulties to many minds, as for instance election, but do we find men assign this as a reason for abandoning the doc- trines altogether. It is quite conceivable that there may be difficulties beyond' the power of a man to solve, or beyond his power of reason to com prehend, yet he accepts them as fundamental . to his faith. The doctrine of plenary inspiration was accepted in apostolic times. This view was not seri- ously disputed for a long period, but it re unlined for tlie Inst quarter of the 18th, and three quarters of the 10th centuries to build up a school or section within the. visible church, holding a theory contrary to that known os the verbal theory of inspiration.. He instanced various secessions or departures from tho orthodox beliefs of thc Christian church from its earliest ages, such as Agnos- tics, Socinians, Rationalists, etc., and pointed out how such departures were preceded by departures from apostolic practice and doc- trines of the Church. At the time of the Reformation, in äcotlaud ab the disruption, and the various Protestant Churches were embodied in the formulas the. doctrine > of verbal or plenary inspiration. This taught that the books of the Bible were .written by men under Divine influence. The Catholic doctrine of verbal inspiration were that the words were the words of God himself. The churches draw their symbolic statements, their creeds and confessions from the word of God itself. Every writer with whom he came in contact that disputed the verbal theory, acknowledged the honesty of the men that wrote. Now where did they receive the inspiration that induced them to write. Paul states that he spoke and wrote nob in the words that wisdom teacheth, but in those that the Holy Ghost teacheth. He does not say the thoughts or ideas which we express are the thoughts and ideas, given by the Holy Ghost. ; but states that the very words he wrote were so given. The prophets fre- quently wrote, "Thus saith the Lord." Jeremiah, Ezekiel and others openly , assert that they only wrote what was . given them of God, and distinctly state that the words they wrote were the words of God himself. Our Lord himself, quoting from the Old Testament, proved the correctness of the verbal theory ; and St. Paul, .refer- ring to some quotations, introduces thom In this . way. , " As saith the : Holy Ghost ;" or, "The Holy Ghost, speaking in. a certain place, saith." In these quotations, there ia universal agreement in. attributing to God himself the söurce'from which the writers derived not the thoughts, not the ideas, bub the very words of God themselves. The theories of eminent men might be quoted on either side, but we do not wish to rest our case on the opinions of men at all, huton the Word of God. For eighteen centuries the Holy Spirit has preserved this great doctrine of vernal inspiration intact ; and God himself, speaking by writers, tells us dis- tinctly lind emphatically, that the source from which they derived the matter for tho books they wrote, not merely the thoughts, hut the words, were from God himself. If men agreed that these writers were honest,, then they must accept their statements as true, for these writers should themselves be the best authorities on the subject as from whom they were inspired, lt was some- times asserted that, holding this theory, Elaced one in the unfortunate predicament of olding views opposed to the discoveries of science. This was one of the old and stale objections against verbal theory. He could understand the discoveries of science being in opposition to the human interpretation of Scripture, but he could nut understand any science being in opposition to the Word of I God. The sciences of geology and astronomy' were but parts of the same Almighty mind working in creation and providence. How-, ever scionce and the Bible may appear to differ, it would eventually; be found that they harmonised, and scientists such as Huxley and Tyndall would be the last to claim that science was out of harmony with the Word of God. Most of tho objections to the verbal theory are fonnded upon certain alleged discrepancies that occur regarding the "time of certain events. Many of these difficulties vanished when certain circum- stances aro borne in mind. For example, when multiplication of copies of the Bible had to be made by hand, the copyists were in some cases under a strong temptation to mutilate the scriptures they were copying, and there was also some difficulty in finding similes for certain passages, but while mak- ing this admission, it was now admitted and established that our English version is so substantially and literally correct that men may fairly accept it as an equi valent to the original writings. He referred to the Sep- tuagint, Pentateuch, and other translations that had been made from time to time, in the whole of which were contained tho books of tho Old and New Tastament. There had never been any objection of a solid character brought against tho verbal theory, but there are noble-minded men still living, who had a reputation as scholars truite equal to their contemporaries or compeers, who see no reason to depart from the theory obtained in youth. He wished to examine the theory that was set forth against the .verbal theory, viz., thatGod gave men tho thoughts and ideas, und that they clothed them in their own language. He pointed out that this was more fraught with difficulties than the one it sought to dis- place. It was well known reporters fre- quently failed to convey in words the exact ideas of the speakers, and this trouble led to the invention of short hand writing. Again, some writers may say "I have the whole thing in my mind, yet have not the words to express myself." There was no greater miraculous or supernatural interposition, no greater stretch of Divine influence needed to produce the verbal theory than the thought an«! idea theory, lt was urged that some writers of the boots of the Bible were unlettered men. This, he contended, explained his argument. If a learned man cannot express his views, what could be thought of writers like Peter the fisherman, or John, or some of their con- temporaries, who wrote hooks of Holy Scrip- ture. During his experience it had been his lot to meet many spiritual inquirers after Divine things, but no quotations fron» the writings of godly men could give them the quickening power that tile Word of God gave. Now, if such inquirers were informed that only God's thoughts and ideas were revealed, they might reply that tho words read or quoted therein were but man's cloth- ing of the Divine thought. Who could thus interpose between the soul and God ? The theory that held for IS centuries should not be cast aside till one better was substituted, but that referred to as the opposition theory was bristling with difficulties. He trusted his remarks would strengthen those who held the verbal theory, and convince those who held the opposite one. He counselled them not to take the writings of men on the subject for their guide, but the Word of God itself, and they would find there the proper belief on this important question. Votes of thanks to lecturer and chairman and pronouncing of the benediction termin- ated the proceedings. 