lOATHOLIO BOOTRINH AND I PAPAL DOGMA. SECOND DISCOTJESE BY THE REV. S. BRYANT. ' Tho sooond discourse of tho above BorloB of Bormcns waa dolivorod At Fro* mantlo last Sunday ovoning, Tho Rov, a. Bryant took up tho olalm of Koman Catholioa, that thoira is tho only truo Churoh, and that to romnin outoido of its polo is to imperil ono's salvation, Ho showed that so long as it hold to that intolerant position thoro oould bo no poaoo botwoon tho Papal Churoh and other Christiana. Strife wau doplorablo, but surrondor would bo shameful, Protostanbj hold that tho admission of Papal olnims would bo troachory to Christ. Tho olaims of tho .Papacy to oxoluoivo authority wns baood upon its unity and itn apostolioity, Chriot pray od that his pooplo might be ono. From sovoralpasBngoa of tho Now Tosbamont, tho proaohor tried to prove that tho idoal unity of Christiana was boliof of tho Bamo oasontial truths, tho common pon sasslon of Ohrlat's Spirit, and obodionco to tho ono hoad, Joaus Cliritit. Chriot, not tho Pope, was tho Shopliord ; tho myfltio prosonoo of tho Rodoomor amongst hisBorvanta la tho truo fold 5 not an ocolosluntical ouolosuro. In anBwor to tho Roman Catholic boant of absolute unity of dootriuo, it waa shown tliat this waB only ponsiblo whoro tho right of privato onquiry wats given up, and mon were content to accopt a form or a orood apart from intelligent boliof or oonfloiontious conviction. Truth ro coivod intolligontly and hoartily, not blind aocoptanoo of a form of worda or a system of dootrinoB, was nooesnary to aalvatiori. Tho unity of tho Church of Romo wflB aigniflod by tho idontlty of its servioos in all Ian an j bub tho first ChurohoB had not all tho aamo forms 1 thoy difforod according to tho placoo whoro thoy woro oslablinhod. If Any languago woro moant to bo univoraal in divino worship, it id as moro probablo that Grook or Aramaic would bo tho sacred tongno, not Latin. On tho point of submission to ono visible hoad, bho Roman Pontiff, ib was shown that suoh an organisation waa foroign to tho Now Toatamont idoal of a Churoh, whoso ' bishops ' woro loaders in bhoir respootivo congregations, and ovorooora, and diQolaimeu any right of lordship. If thoy had ouceosaoni in theso timoo, thoy would rather bo found amongst tho paubors and miniotora of Bopnrato oongrogationo, than in tho Vatican, or enthroned in' a Cathedral, or in a Bishop's palace Tho titlo of Supromo Pontilf was derived from pacran Rome, and iudioatod that tho magnifloonco of tho Papaoy was moro in kooping with that ideal of powor, than wibh ono lonely Galiloan, and tho flahorman who woro callod to bo His apostlea, Undor tho hoad of Apostolical Sucoossion,upon whioh Roman Catholicism basod its olaim, it was contended that in afllrm« ing its ability to traoo tho doacont of tho BiohppB of Rome without broak from St. Potor, aa noeonaary to bho oxoluoivo Aubhoriby of bho Papal Churoh, would bo a porilouo poBibion woro ib not that tho two frowning ramparts raisod in its dofonoo tho theory of doliborato ' falsification of hiatory, ' and Papal infallibility. Thoro aro good rofisohs forbolioving that Potor »ponb aorao timo in Romo boforo ho was martyrod thoro, but ib oould nob bo proved bhat ho ovor wao Bishop of Roraoj tho tradi tion that ho spoilt 20 or 25 years thoro, was ' void of all authority.' If Apos tolical Suooosaion, by an unbrokon chain of dologatod authority, woro oosontial to a truo Ohuroh, ito oxisbonoo wao vory doubtful. If onored Authority could only reaoh ovor days through tho Bishops of Romo, uothing ehovt of a porpotual rairaolo co\ild keop it pure and intaot, bub what ground wiw thoro for that dogma P St. Potor had no powor beyond tho obhor apostloa. Tho Roman Cabholio exposition of thopasBngo vefor ring to tho ' rook and the keys,' in moro than faulty in its orogoois, and has boon doolarod by competent BoholarN ' a parody of tho Baorod toxt.' To build upon such a foundation tho vast f abrio of Papal oupromacy - wno a xnarvol of porvorao ingenuity. Yob upon suoh grounds woro tho Grook, tho Coptic, tho Abyssinian, tho Anglioan, and othor ancient branchou of tho Ohuroh Catholic branded with horouy, tho validity of thoir orders waH in. sultmgly, denied, and millions of bo liovoro in Jobus Christ, who humbly slrovo to follow Him woro hardly allow od tho posoibility of salvation, Chriat's teat of a troo by its fruib did nob sub stantiato Papal claims to solo authority ovov Christendom. Tho divisional tho non-Catholio Ohurohea uudor many titles and forms woro notanding proof with tho Papaoy of their hoioay and error. ''How aro wo to ilud tho one truo Churoh ainong3t 250 ucctap' In reply, Mr. Bryant rogrotted, with many loadors of modorn Ohuroh movements, the noodloss divisions of tho Ohuroh into bo many denominations, but in the groat majority of cases thoso diviaiouo were nominal, and Mfoctod only certain minor quootionn of interpretation 01 dinoiplino. Roman Ofttholioa wero muoh mistakon in supposing that othor Ohurohoa rogardod oooln otlior with bho intolerance of tho Papal Ohuroh, NoarJy all woro agrood upon obsentials, mem bora of ono Church rondily pai3»oil on to a sister Church, without onauging thoir oroed or losing their otatua j minlatora workod together in brotherly rivalry, and often exchanged for longer or shorter periodM. Those divlsonn, in tho main wero diversities of operation by tho Ono Spirit. All ov«.ngelical Christ Jans wore at ono iu holding Christ at tho Head j thoy cordially wolcomod oaoh other as momboru of tho body of Christ, Thoy rosontod any attompt to faston upon them tho intolerance and bigotry whioh led to strife and ox communication. Tho Now Tostamout picturo of Christian sociotioo moebing ror worship and for observing .tho or diancos of Christ's appoiubmonl-, wau a Htrikiug oonbrdBt to, or a oontmdiobion of a hieraiohical organisation, wlioso hoad was crownod with a triple tiara, and whoso Cardinals wore princes j an organisation thab lordod ib ovor men's oonsclonoofl, grasped at Statomonoy and tqmporal powor, and had an army of aubordiatOB implicitly obediont to tho orders of thoir suponors, Tho verdict eoncorniuj,' tho ono only Church of Christ oiuft.-lih could bo loft to tho judgment of thoao who believed tho Wow Tostament was a diviuo record given us by Christ and his apontlou. The world wns growing daily to a moro profound faith in the, lifo and touchinga of JesuB Chriflt, but.waa shaking itaolf froo from occlosiaBtieisra j wibh larger knowledge of Chrisb, and fuller Jifo in Him, tho Kingdoms of thin world would bocomo His Kingdom which is ' right oouflnonu and poaco and joy iu tho Holy Ghost.' KosButh'o praotical ability was not oqual to hia oloqiionco nnd nia onortfy. Ho waa ono of tho mon of Idena (ihey wero commonor forty years ago than thoy aro now on the Contiaont of Europo) and tho idoao rnn away wltli him, and, since ho had tho magnotlo quality dovoloped to the highest pitoh, thoy wore very apt to run away with othora aa woll. , 