THE HAUNTED MINISTER. This is an uncanny theme, and one that is unweloome to the writer, for he is coming, very reluctantly, to believe in ghosts. He is himself a haunted man- Do not starfy gentle reader, but hear me for my cause. I am a man of full age and of sound mind. The period of adolescence is behind me, and I trust that of second childhood is far ahead. But I write it down deliberately a second time, that vou mav be sure I mean it — I am a haunted man. I am the pastor of a church of a thousand members, and find my days filled with rival duties that crowd and jostle each other constantly. To fill the pulpit, minister at the altar, visit the sick, console the afflicted, administer discipline, direct in all evan gelical plans, marry, baptise, and bury the dead, besides the endless detail of unex pected calls and demands, and constantly recurring draughts upon time and strength. But all this would be comparatively easy if not haunted. A few lofty ideals have lured me on during my ministerial life. I am troubled — not because I cannot reach my own ileal — I hope never to do that. I am sorry for any one who does not see a beckoning hand above and beyond him, which recedes as he advances ; he had attained his best, and henceforth must look backward for his ' golden age.' But my ideals seem to conflict. Can the ideal preacher be the ideal pastor ? Yesterday, while attending to pastoral duties, the ghosts of two sermons, for the approaching Sabbath, walked beside me. They were ' skeletons ' as yet, and ' very dry,' but they kept step with me in my pastoral rounds. The very bookB of my library looked reproachfully down upon me as I glanced into the study on my way out. To-day I have attempted sermonizing ; but, as I write, the beckoning hands of the sick, the Macedonian calls of the ' ne glected,' and the tearful eyes of mourners haunt me. It demands great wisdom, human and heavenly, to be a Christian paBtor. I have half wished I coulfl multiply myself by twelve and become a round dozen. One self I would station in the study, undisturbed by distraoting oalls, and bid him do his best to give us something worth hearing when he shall preaoh the Word on the approaohing Sabbath. Another, with well-tapped Bhoes, should beoome a veritable tramp, and give his whole time and his whole heart to pastoral work. A third should be a Barnabas, a ' son of consolation.' He would visit the siok and sorrowing, attend the funerals, comfort the mourners, and '* heal the broken-hearted' by suoh sympathetic visitB as bring a breath of heaven to our dull lives. A fourth should know everybody in his parish, when they moved in or out or about. He should keep the residences in the visit ing list corrected to date. The fifth must be as wise as Solomon, as loving as John and as patient as Job, for he must settle all the troubles of the parish. The sixth should be a master of churoh finanoe, and have general oversight of all the money matters of the charge. The seventh would be an evangelist, who could not only oonvince but persuade men, skilful in guiding seeking souls to a seeking Saviour. The eighth I would have a profound theo logian, ready to answer all hard questions, to explain all mysteries, solve all doubts, silence all objections, and ' put to flight the armies of the aliens.' The ninth would devote himself to the general news and current literature of the day, and keep himself in touch with the stirring times in which we live. ' The tenth should care for the poor. He should study and solve the diffioult pro blem of the hour — how to aid men wisely, and not help them into helplessness. The eleventh would attend conventions, committees, lectures, Bpeak at Temperance and Young Men'B Christian Association gatherings, assist neighbouring pastors, and do a thousand and one thankless, misca! laneous, ' outBide ' things which so often fall to the pastor's lot. The twelfth should be a man, a citizen, a husband and father, attending to the duties which come to him in all these rela tions. But what shall I more say ? The time would fail me to tell the many things to be delegated to my multiplied selves : and why should I pursue this fanoy ? ? for, alas ! I cannot be twelve men if I try. To the lay members of the Churoh let me say : Be patient with your pastors ; some of them work more hours a day than men do in any other oalling in life, and it is work whioh makes an immense draught upon a man's mental force. When they set on foot plans for the benefit of the Church, give them a hearty, manly backing. To my brothers in the ministry I reach out a sympaihetic hand. We have apostolic work to do. Let us be apostolic men ; let us carry bravely every load whioh belongs to us. The mightiest of all helpers is within call ; the most essential of qualifications lies within the reach of our faith ; but, brothers, there is a large margin of unused force in the Church. Let us attempt to marshal it for God, and remember, as one said, ' It is better to set ten men at work than to attempt the work of ten men.' — Bev. George W. Brown , D.D., m the Chris tian, Advocate. One evening every year a vast multitude assembles in the Cathedral of St. Isaak in St. Petersburg, eaoh one carrying an un lighted candle. At a given signal one taper is lit ; immediately it lights another, and that other its neighbour, and so, with lightning rapidity, it passes from one to another, and in a few moments the whole vast edifice is in a blaze of light. 