KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) Mrs. Vavasor sprang to her feet. That random arrow sped home. ''It is false !'' she gasped. ''I was no waiting maid—you know nothing—'' ''It is true !'' exclaimed Katherine, also rising, 'You were a waiting-maid ; and I know all I desire to know at present. My mother was a lady, her brother was an officer in the — th rifles, my father lives, and will recognise his old servant when he sees her, Harriet Lelacheur ''' Mrs. Vavasor stood white, petrified, dumb. Good heavens ! what a fool she had been to speak at all to such a girl as this. ''You see I know your real name among all your aliases. As I have found out that, so I shall find out all the rest. As surely as we both live and stand here, I shall one day discover my father and punish you. I devote my life to that purpose — to finding out who I am, that I may be revenged on my enemies. On you, on Peter Dangerfield, on Gaston Dantree. I shall one day be avenged for all the bitter, cruel wrong you have done me. I am only a girl, alone in the world, without friends or without money, but I shall keep my word. Secretly and in the dark, as you have worked, so I shall work ; and when the time comes, the mercy you have shown will be dealt back to you. Now, good night, Mrs. Vavasor. We understand each other, I think.'' She opened the door, looked back once, darkly, menacingly, then it closed after her, and she was gone. Ninon sat up for her mistress. It was close upon midnight when that mistress reached Scars wood But she felt no fatigue— some inward spirit, whether of good or evil, sustained her. As she parted with the girl, she laid two sovereigns in her hand. ''You have been a good girl, Ninon,'' she said, kindly, ''to a very capricious mistress? Thank you for all your patience, and good-night.'' She went to her room, but not to sleep. It was disordered — she set it to rights. Her jewels — all — lay in their velvet and ivory caskets, her rich dresses hung in the wardrobe and closets, her bridal dress among them. She took a small port manteau, packed a few articles of dress and linen, a few of her most cherished presents, one or two books and souvenirs, closed and locked it. Then, still dressed as she was, she sat down by the window and waited for the dawn. It came, rosy and golden, and touched the eastern windows into flame. Then she arose, and, taking the portmanteau in her hand, went softly out down the stairs and along to that door in the turret by which she had gone out and come in last night. She closed it; noiselessly — the household were not yet astir — and walked rapidly down the crisp, frozen avenue of the gates. The rising sun shot red lances through the brown holes of the trees, gilded the many windows and turrets and tall chimneys of the old hall, making a wonderfully bright and fair picture of early morning beauty, had she but turned to see. But she never once looked back. CHAPTER XVII. "RESURGAM.'' And how is your patient tonight, Mrs. Otis ? Any change for the better yet ?'' Dr. Graves asked the question, blustering in like the god of the wind. A high gale roared without, a few feathery flakes floated past the windows in the stormy twilight. In the little sitting-room of the Widow Otis' cottage a bright fire burned cheerily, the red, warm light streaming through the window-curtains far out upon the frost-bound road. A frost-bound and lonely road, utterly forsaken in this bleak January afternoon, on the very out- skirts of Castleford, a full quarter of a mile from any other habitation, and flanked on one side by a low, gray Methodist chapel set in the centre of a grave-yard. The white and gray headstones glimmered athwart the wintry gloaming, now, like white and gray ghosts. Mrs. Otis, sitting placidly before her pleasant fire, got up as Dr. Graves came noisily in. She was the neatest of all little women, done up in a spotless dress of bombazine, a spotless white neckerchief and widow's cap, and a pale, placid, motherly face. ''Good-evening, Dr. Graves. I thought it was Henry. Come to the fire. Bitterly cold, is it not, outside ? My. patient ? Well, I don't see much im- provement there ; but Henry says he improves, and of course Henry knows best. Take this chair — do, and try and thaw out.' Dr. Graves took the cushioned rocker and spread himself out luxuriously to the blaze. ''Where is Henry ? I wanted to see him.'' '' Oh, among his poor patients somewhere ; he will be along to tea presently. Any news tonight, doctor ? I mean ?'' ''You mean the Scarswood tragedy, of course, ma'am — nobody in Sussex, I believe, talks of any thing else latterly. No, no news, and no news in this case does not mean good news. The funeral is over, as you know, and there is no will, and every thing falls to that pitiful, pettifogging little screw of an attorney, Peter Dangerfield — everything, Mrs. Otis — everything. He's Sir Peter now ; and among all the baronets who have reigned at Scarswood since the days of James I, I don't believe such a baronet ever disgraced a good old name. She's not got a rap, not a farthing, ma'am — poor as a church mouse, and poorer, for church mice can steal, if they get a chance, and she can't. She's got to work now, Mrs. Otis— got to go out into the hard world and earn the bread and beef of every-day life. Nursery governess, or something of that sort; she isn't qualified even for that, poor thing ! poor thing !'' ''But, Dr. Graves, this seems a little too dreadful, too cruel. Where are all her friends ? all our resident gentry ? Must all turn their backs upon her because she chances not to be Sir John's real daughter ?'' ''She's down in the world, Mrs. Otis, and it's the way of the world to speed the miserable sinner who falls with a parting kick. Still, in this case, a few have come forward and offered her a home gener- ously enough— the Talbots, for instance, and old Mansfield the lawyer. She's a young woman of a very uncommon stamp, ma'am, and charity's charity, gloss it over as you may. She has acted very strangely from the first, in the last way any reasonable man might expect. But you never can tell by what you previously knew of her how a woman will act in any given emergency. The Turks and other heathens who don't treat them as rational beings are in the right of it. They re not ? Don't laugh, Mrs. Otis — it's nothing to laugh at. There's that young woman ! Quick-tempered, passionate, proud, generous, loving, just the sort of young woman to break out into tears and hys- terics, and sobs and reproaches, making the place too hot for everybody, tearing her hair and rending her garments. Well, how does she act instead ? Sits there, like a stone, never says a word, never sheds a tear, and broods, broods in sullen silence. Women who don't cry and scold are women to be distrusted, ma'am. If I had seen her in hysterics, I would have pitied her ; as it is, I honestly declare she frightened me. Now, then, ma'am, I'll take a look at our wounded snake in the grass, and be off before it gets any later and colder.'' He jumped up and stalked away to a large, airy chamber opening off this cozy sitting-room. Like everything else in and around the widow's cottage, it was daintily neat and clean. The last rays of the chill January days came through the muslin curtains and fell upon Gaston Dantree, lying motionless upon the bed. It was an awfully death-like face ; in his coffin the man would hardly look more ghastly, more utterly bloodless and lifeless than now. His faint breathing, his fluttering pulse, were barely perceptible — no more. His damp, dark hair fell loose and curly over the white pillows, and in all spectral bloodlessness his rarely perfect face kept its dark Southern beauty still. Dr. Graves took his wrist between his fiagers and thumb, drew out his watch, gave his head a little professional shake, and preparad to count, with that owl-like solemnity of visage venerable physicians coanting a patient's pulse ever do wear. And over her coal fire little Mrs Otis sat and mused sadly enough on the fate of that unhappy young lady who a few brief days ago had been the brightest and most blissful of petted heiresses and happy brides-elect. (To be continued.) 