'I AM A GHOST." THE STORY o£ a SOLICITOR'S CLERK. One morning "the head of our firm— a well-known solicitor in Collins street —remarked to. me : '•" Mr. Nelson, I want you to go up to Baylesford, and take those depositions in the Shindler ; case. Oatch the night train back, or stay until morning, as you may prefer." Many people go to Baylesford once. Nobody goes a second time if he can help it. I remembered, in a vague sort of way, that Baylesford had come into notoriety a few years beforethrough reason of a hotelifirej.-in which at least one man had perished. However, this did not alarm me, as I intended to return by the night express. Fate was against me, however. My business, indeed, was quickly and easily despatched, and at 9 o'clock 1 was at the station, only to learn that a serious washout was reported,up the road, and that all trains had been abandoned for the night. . There was no help for it, and back I went to tlie hotel, which, suggestively enough, was called the " Phoenix." The landlord took a cheerful view of the situation, as was perfectly natural. He gave me the best drinlc at the bar, which was bad enough, and the best room in ,the house, which was not so bad. I am a light sleeper, and the circumstances under which I was sleeping, in a strange bed, in a strange town, were not likely to deaden my slumbers. What awoke me I cannot say, but my first recollection is that of sitting up in bed, holding .my pistoljixi my hand, and looking with considerable astonishment at the dim outline of a, inan gTStCKaste^inTn^ordffuary travetTing bag. That the man was a burglar, and that he was taking unwarrantable liberties -with my possessions, I had not the slightest doubt. My calmness under such trying conditions surprised me. I remember experiencing actual pleasure in cocking and aiming my revolver. The click of"tbelock alarmed him. He turned hastily* and said in a tone so thin that it seemed to come from a great distance: " Here, don't,shoot, please ! " Enough light'came m. through the. window from a lamp across the street to enable me to see the fellow more closely as he turned. He was appallingly thm—the merest shadow in fact—with sunken cheeks, and glowing, spectral eyes. I saw that lie was no match for me physically,, and it was plain that he was unarmed. So I said facetiously: i . i.y3rok'are-n.ot .built for-yo,nr-calltng," my friend- Ton would do better-as a. ghost than a burglar." : And the replycame, mournfully and hollow, " I am '•' You'll excuse me," said tlie ghost, ",if 1 go right" on .with -my . -packing, for time flies." - - question," I ans wered, feeling, mnder the pillow for my- watch,-'* but in the pressure of time-are you packing up any of my things by mistake V" " If you l<new anything at all about spirits," -said the gliost, carefully brushing and: folding a. coat, "youwould know that they are strictly ahd" invariably honest, \ and, were-: never known to appropriate any article not belonging to them " " Thanks," said 1, oonsideiably relieved by the assurance "Now, may I ask who you are, and "to what I am ndebted for this unexpected pleasuie?" The gaost glided ovei to the wash ; stan9-^ather.edfiU:p : -a/,toothbEUsV-:an'd, a cake of soap, and tossed them into: tlie bag T "^herL he ani wered— It dors nofomatter who J am t toas Ricliai d Barnard, and all of lie that was moital was burned m "the; fire "fcliat destroyed the Metropolitan Hotel, on this spot four yeais ago.- Tou may" have heard of me I qee that you iwve Pardon jne if I keep on w tli my vs oil,' f Ariel to my amazement, lie picked up die ing e se nd threw it out: of 'the wmdtfw I h tened for te ciash 'and lieaiing nothing, said— ' I lia-ve heard o£ you., Richard -i:i aj desul^orVj and un ati faotoiy ancl should lille tojheai moie of you Could you favour me ^lth the pai? tieulai hich e caped "tlie new|; papei ? ^ ^ tjT^id ,11us i Mi Vuncs bc-t manner ^"'Tou'll ^nF ^^ ^ ^ ^ f :dressihHltaljle; *' ? ! ' "'That's- ]iist 'it:' I. caK't. . 'Even with - my spiritual ..discernment, must ^voj-k out the stfipid^instinctfe. of mortality.. \Db : ri'tr y.ou'supposc t.bat a recognises the -ajliqey- .sof^iifohihg-ja. dressing-case out of the window ? Do you tiniik that a ghost—a • thin :p.urely.of mia.dj.'uiiim'peded by nwtter —lias not the.sehse; to see .the cryin'g . folly' of steyjpi^g to' ; orease -trousers in a-inoiinint like this ? It is not that JLdp^pf-^pw^etter-'ii'oSv. . That is ^^ffpB^y-.BOmMLMl - Recognise the .stupidity3;pfe 'iyithput;the:present;ppw.er :-tb;'i.chaiig^ it. Every night I .go just so-far. The difference ~is that • now I am -'cohscicius of- the, jjoliciy: on 'the»pressing-tible,. but must go on i pitching •out •:;" dressing-cases, and ' creasing "fflt-'iiff-. a^- •ydliime'. of 'flamff'and .Sm,p.k.e on.-the thi-ieshdld, '.as 4.he "elbek itrilfes'bhe.T'' f- " Richard," said I,, " your argument.. is .quite, remarkable, but;'I am still'jSiiizIed-..' If yvn are' incorporeal," and. I perceive on ..closer ..inspection^ that yoii' are, how can you .talk? .Wlieiie. .are your vocal chords, your .'^rachea,;y.ouY:mus61es pj- i^e'^iffatibn^ How can you hear me? T examine yoii closely, and I riotice . tlie -abspnee. of the usual-auditory .apparatns.".- : ' \- " You are - wrong, replied the ghost; yon'deceife y6ui'self; I do. not talk ; I do not hear. I commu4 meate witli you and you with me by sympathetic expression";. told you, you have rare mediumistic qualities, but your spirituality is so ; insuffici'ently developed ' (but how could it be otherwise from your dailyassociations of Chancery-lane ?) that you cannot distinguish'"-- between spiritual communion and mortal interchange of thought. I beg your pardon. -I am charmed- to -hive, met' you:" Here the ghost hastily - picked; up his travelling-bag—" but .1 have just time to get to that door; I don't wish to alarm you, but I am sure I smell something burning." And' so-, did I. There was no doubt of it. T saw the ghp.st look laughingly at,'Alie.. paper on the dressing-table, and run swiftly across the room. And I'll swear that I saw him throw open tlie door, and fall in the volume of flame, that poured into -the chamber. And' ! all the time'th ere was -a treiheiiddus; singing in my ears, with the sound of: the banging of doors aud ; the: shouting: of men. And I heard a voice— " Mr. Nelson ! Mr. Nelson! Get; up, quick 1 Come down - the back way ! It's on,fire,; the house!'.' I, John Nelson, am a lawyer, and a man of unimpeachable * veracity. .It is true that I was the guest of "tli'ej Phoenix Hotel in Baylesford, Sep-' tember 1Q, the night if burned: to the. ground. It is true that the'..porter: called me at precisely one o'clock in ; the morning, and . .thatescaped ihi very scant attire, securing my watch, -, pocket-book and legal papers.' It is also true that an-accident policy : which I had taken out before-, leaving : Melbourne, ,„was fm-gotten_^n, ^Uie • "anaMxnSi ' in. the; llsCmes. All these are facts heretofore the evening newspapers. I disclose them now, in the E»Hsndq» ^asetie, not .in the interest : o'i' sjiritualisfe, and the fanatical element of the promoters of psychical. research, but merely to dispel a very popular delusion concerning ^ghosts, and to cairn the fears of the superstitions. 