The Religious Card-player. A private soldier by the name of Pat. Hooligan was taken before the magistrate at a Central Police Court for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is thus given in an Irish j ournal : — A sergeant commanded the soldiers at ohurch, and while there the parson read the ? prayers and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it outf but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer-book, but ' pulling out a pack of cards he spread them before him. He first looked at one card aud fVion of onnfVior. Tho Horafiant. of tho nnm. pany saw him, and said — 'Pa1, put up the cards, tbis is no place for them.' ' Never mind that,' said Pat. When the service was over the constable took Pat a prisoner and brought him before the magistrate. 'Well,' said the magistrate, ' what have you brought the soldier here for ?' ' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?' ' Much, sir, I hope.' 'Very good; if not I will punish you severely.' ' I have been,' said the soldier, 'about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions.' Then, sjrreadiDg the cards before the magistrate, he began with the ace. ' When I see the ace, it reminds me that there is but one God. ' When I see the deuce, it reminds me of Father and Sun. ' When I see the tray, it rewinds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.'- ! 'When I see thefour, it reminds ine of the four evangelists tbat preached— Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. . ' Wi160 I see the five, it reminds' me of tho five wise virgins, that trimmed 'heir lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish, ;and- were shut out. I ' When I se« the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and farth. 'When I see the seven, it reminds me tbat on the seventh day God rested from the great wo/ld which He made, and hallowed it. ' When I see the eight it remiuds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world—viz., Noah and bis wife, bis three sohs. and their wives. ?? When I see the uiue, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. .. ' When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments that God handed down to Moses on the tables of stone. 'When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. ' When I see the queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba who visited Solomon, for she was as wiee a woman as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows and the boys to the wrists, so King Solomon told by that.' 'Well,' said the magistrate, ' you have described every card in the pack except one.' ' What is that ?' ' The knave,' said the magistrate. ' I will give your honor a description of that, too, if you will not be angry.' 'I will not,' said the magistrate, 'if you do not term me to be a knave.' ' The greatest knave I know is the con stable who brought me here.' 'I do not know,' said the magistrate, 'if he is tfie greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool.' ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty- five, as many days hs there are in a year. When I. count'- the number of oards in a pack I find fifty-two— the number of weeks in a year. I fiud there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year; and on count ing the, tricks I find thirteen— the number of weeks in a quarter. So you soe a pack of 'carda serve tor a Bible, almanacs and, common prayer-book.' Mr. Gladstone stated, in reply to a question in the House of Commons, chat next session would probably be devoted to Scotch mea sures. It was iutended to appoint grand committees in order to expedite business, 