The Fool of Fate. Br MARYk H. TENNYSON, Author of " Friend Perditus," etc., etc. . "Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all." (Publislhed by Special Arrangenlent with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) OHAPTER XIII.-(Continuerd.) 'And Mrs. Forsyth-is she with him ? ' 'No, sir, Mrs. Forsyth is at home; would you wish to see her ? ' 'I don't think I need trouble her,' George answered, after a momentary hesitation, during which Irene's ex citement increased to a terrible extent. 'I don't quite know what to do, I wanted see Mr. Forsyth particularly. Well, perhaps, after all, I'd better come in; your mistress may be able to advise me. Tell her I will not keep her for two minutes.' ,The church clook signified that "another quarter of an hour had elapsed before the sickening faintness wicb oppressed the miserable wife passed away sufficiently for her venture from the shelter of the porch. In her mind, when she had undertaken her wretched expedition, therehad oejsted no shadow of doubt as to her husband's faithless ness; but an open wound never grows callous, and her sufferingsat what she imagined this plain manifestation of his craftiness and cunning in the pur suit of his guilty pleasures caused her so terrible a pang that her very spirit groaned in anguish. With bent head and chattering she tottered forward, and, just as she turned the corner, the door of Frede rick Forsyth's house opened once more; but the hapless wife was out of earshot then, and.heard nothing of what passed. 'But surely you needn't start with out having something to eat,' Mabel said; 'fog is very dangerous to a dinnerless man. Oome, you've plenty of time to catch the express, you might take pity on my desolation. I hate dining alone.' 'I can't, really,' George raplied shortly. 'I must run round to Marion's, and get the Colonel to lend me a bag and some things for the night. I shall have to send Irene another wire; it's an awful worry being obliged to go, but I see nothing else to do. I don't like being away from home more than I can help just now; Irene's not herself at all, and I've had to be here oftener than I like lately.' 'That's complimentary, anyway,' the beauty said grimly. - 'Oh, you know what I mean,' George retorted; ' I hoped this case would have been settled long ago. I I am beginning to share my wife's horror of law. I feel ten years older since- I have been -nixed up with it. Good- night; I can't stop, really.' 'You mean you won't,' the lady said pettishly. 'I could fit you up one of Fred's bags. Don't try to humbug me, George Ainsworth; you never can take me in, so where's the use of trying? You'll have a desperate .rush to get to the Gordons and save the - train, and here you could have your dinner comfort ably, and your cup of coffee after wards. You don't want a teta-an·tl with me, that's the fact. Come, tell the truth for once.' 'Well, then, I don't,' George an swered, in a sudden burst of irrita tion; 'it appears to me we haven't many agreeable subjects in conimon, you and I,' 'Oh, that's nonsense,' the other re sponded, with an angry sneer. 'You are afraid of your wife-that's what it is.' George shook his head, but there was a tender lightin his eyes as he an snwored more pleasantly S?Not afraid of her, but afraid of vexing her. You know if she doesn't fool kindly towards you just now, it's entirely your own fault, G~ood-night; if I've been rude, forgive me.' Turning quickly from the house, George pursued his way to the nearest telegragh office, and dispatched his message to Ireno. During the last half- hour tihe fog had grown percep tibly thicker, and when he emerged from the offieoo he discovered, to his consternation, that there was not a cab to be soon, To walk to his sister's, whose house was situated some throee miles from the distriot in which he was, aud got from there back to Char ing Oross in time to catch the train for Brighton, was obviously impos. sibloe; and after a minute's considera. .tion he took his course towards the nearest metropolitan station. S'I'll gostraightto CharingUross,' he murmured, ' and get a bit of dinner at the hotel before starting. Forsyth can lend me what I want when I arrive thore, I can come up by the eight train to-morrow morning, and I'll run round and put Marion on her guard before going to business., I wish I had found out I couldn't get to them before I sent the tologram; but it seoomod so much the best way to ao count for my abseonce, Queonle knows I have had to sleeoop at Marion's several times before now-that wouldn!t worry her a bit; but if I had said I was off to Brighton on mysterious businss, which oouldn't explain, it might have looked queer. Oh dear I I wish Forayth would lot me pny up and have done with the hateful thing, I am so tired and bothorod, -I don't know nwmhat to do with myself.' OHAPTER xIV, ON 'Ptrl TIIAOIC SIrono was woll nigh oxhausted by the time she roached Finailey ;. arnd so dazed anid bowildered was she by the terrible fog and her meontal misery, that, much as she wished to avoid observation, it was a relief to her when she stepped feebly from the train to see Robert on the platform, peering with eager anxiety at each face that approached the place of egress. 'Ah; madam, I'm thanlful to see you!' he cried, in tones of genuine re lief; 'we've all been so dreadfully anxious about you. There's been an other telegram, and we didn't know that it mightn't be from you to master, to let him know some accident had happened to you.' She placed her trembling hand upon the man's outstretched arm, and urged him forward, but they had walked for five minutes before she spoke. 'I am half choked with the fog,' she gasped, 'it was worse than I anticipated. WVhat time did the tele gram arrive ?' 'A little before 9,' the man replied. ' I hope master's all right.' His mistress made no response, but he felt the hand that held his arm quiver, and, mistaking the reason of her emotion, continued cheer fully, ' Not that there's any fear of that; master's able to take care of himself.' The weary girl. was received with outspoken joy by her household; but they noticed that, though she asked for the telegram directly she crossed the threshold of her home, she made no effort to read it, until having been divested of her cloak and bonnet and walking-shoes, and supplied with a hot cup of tea, she was able to dis miss her kindly attendants. Even when she was alone, she laid the envelope down again, and, walk ing to the fireplace, held her clammy hands towards the cheerful blaze. ' I am so cold!' she muttered, shuddering, 'so icy cold! I feel as if I could bear nothing more.' But presently, revived by the warmth, her strength returned, and, taking up the telegram, she opened it. It ran: - 'Have to see a man on important business. Nothing wrong. Shall sleep at Marion's. Fog awful. Trains uncertain. Home to lunch to-morrow. God bless you. ' GEonoz.' She stood for a moment with a per foctly blank face, and then putting her hand to her head, she sighed heavily. 'I am stupid,' she murmured, in a dazed monotone. ' Of course he's not at Marion's. Ah, God, no! He's not there. But I can't go up again to night to see; I should die on the way; yet I must know-I must! Oh, my head! I cannot think. Am I going mad, I wonder ? Oh no-Father in heaven, save me from that! Kill me -I don't want to live-but save me from that!' Clasping herbrow, sherocked herself to and fro, looking round the room with eyes distended in piteous affright; and then her glance fell upon the de canter of b?randy, which stood upon the sideboard; with a start she crossed the room. 'Marion takes it sometimes in her ten, when she feels worse than usual; she told me so the other day, when she was here; perhaps it will help me now-I can but try. Let me see, what else did Marion tell me that day? Something, I know; something important, too, but I can't think of it; and yet I remember say ing I should never forgetit-never as long as I lived. What could it have been? Something that pained me, I am sure; it seems to me my heart has ached ever since. Ah, well! why should I try to recolleot? I have enough to bear as it is.' Shaking her head, she took the stopper out of the bottle, and poured eomo of the contents into the tea, and then, lifting the cup, drained it feverishly, and throwing herself into an easy chair leant her head back and closed her eyes. In a very few ,minutes .the un familiar stimulant took effect, and an angry red spot appeared in the centre of each pale cheek. IRising, she walked to the boll, and rang it sharply. Robert answered it instantly, noticing with a glance the open telegram which lay'upon the table, and also thounstoppered brandy decantor. He was aware that his mistress never took anything stronger than claret, and his fears were awakened on-the instant. ' There is no bad news from master, ma'm, I hope ?' he oried involuntarily. 'Bad news? Why should there be bad news?' she demanded harshly. 'I thought, I thought-' the man stamnmered,.. 'There is no bad news,' she went on, with'in abrupt, hard little laugh, which increased the servant's alarm, 'but I felt cold and have taken a little brandy in my tea to warm me, I am beoter now, much bettor. Fetch me the 'railway time-table from the library.' But before the wondering servant had crossed the room she recalled him. 'No, don't go,' sheo said; I'm tired, I want to go to bod. I daresay you can toll me.. How early can I go to town tormorrow morning ?'I ' Thoro's a train at eight, ma'm,' he replied. 'LThat will do; I must catch that train. Now good- night, I'm golng to bed at once. I.o can hardly keep my eyes open,' 'And master, are we to sit up for him ?' 'No,'sho replied, with another short dreary laugh, ' he won't be home, but you noeedn't be uneasy, he explains his absehoo here. That is why I am going up to town so early. I don't want Juno; toll her not to come to me.' Without another word she passed the man, and running upstairs gained her room and lupkod it. Then breath ing heavily, she quickly undressed ]horsolf, and laying her head upon the pillow, was asleep in an instant. Noeither Colonel Gordon nor his wifo bad loft their room the following morning when,' at a little past nine, a loud double knock sounded through the house. ' Good gracious! here's an early visitor. Who in the world can it be ?' the elderly officer cried. 'George, perhaps, on his way to business. Irene not well,jI shouldn't wonder,' Marion replied. ' I daresay asthe weather is clearer, he wants me to go down and spend the day with her. Well, I'd thought of doing so as soon as I could. It must be too awful at Finchley under these circum stances. If he does ask me to go, will you come too ?' ' Why, my dear,' the Colonel said, rather deprecatingly, having pro mised himself a day at the club in his wife's absence, ' what should I do with myself?' ' Keep me out of mischief,' Marion answered promptly. 'I got into hot water enough last time I was there. I couldn't stand tete-a-tete with Irene just now, I am not nearly well enough for it.' 'Oh, well, I'll go then; don't grizzle,' the Colonel interrupted hastily,:' but it can't be George, or they would have'come and~told us. It must have been a mistake.' The Colonel finished his toilet in a leisurely spirit, and then walked slowly downstairs; but in two minutes he returned, flushed with excitement. ' Marion, there's something wrong!' he cried. ' Wrong!' she repeated faintly. 'Yes, that was Irene Ainsworth.' ' Irene?' ' She asked for George, said she ex pected to find he had slept here; but she wouldn't wait to see us. James says she went off immediately, with a face like a ghost's, when he told her husband had not been near here. What cock-and-bull story has the fel low been telling her now ?' ' None at all, most likely,' George's sister replied indignantly. 'Irene is utterly unreasonable. Perhaps some thing has happened to the poor boy, the fog was awful last night. Well, anyway, you had better run up to the city and see him.' 'And you'll go to Finchley ?' 'No, thank you,' the lady responded, ' I shall keep my distance of Irene, I can tell you. There!' she cried, startled at another loud knock, ' that's George, I'm certain. Perhaps they've met, and come back together.' But George stood alone in the dining-room, and outside was a han som cab. His face was very haggard, and his weary heavy eyelids told a tale of a wakeful night. In genuine concern his sister went to him, and kissed him so tenderly that his blue eyes grew misty. SWhat is it, my dear ?' Mrs. Gordon asked; 'you look quite ill, George, There's nothing seriously wrong, I trust?' 'Well, yes, there is,' he answered. ' With Irene and you ?' she cried in unaffected dismay. ' Oh no, thank God, it's not so bad as that,' he answered quickly; * but I'm worried to death about business I can't stop a minute now.' 'But you will have some break fast?' Mrs. Gordon interrupted, look ing anxiously at him. ' No, not a bit,' he responded fever ishly; 'I couldn't eat, and I had a brandy and soda before I left Brigh ton.' ' Brighton !' she repeated. SYes, I've just come up from there; I had to go down to consult Forsyth last night on a law matter. I am going up now to see the other man's solicitor, to try and prevent things coming to a ronsis; But I was bound to run round here first.' ' Good heavens, Ainsworth!' Colonel Gordon exclaimed, ' what have you been up to ? what crisis do you fear ?' ' Oh, it's only a confounded busi ness, muddle, arising out of a-a - mistake-of mine-- " The two listeners observed the mo mentary hesitation, and their faeos grew graver still; they knew George'e besotting sin, but hitherto they had believed that in matters of commerce no man could be straighter. ' George, you have not been doing anything wrong, surely ?' his sister faltered. *God forbild!' he cried. 'I have not, Marion,-on my honour I have not. But I made a careless statement a while ago; I never thought of any harm arising from it, I did the thing quite thoughtlessly, and now the mat ter has grown and grown until it seems likely to half ruin me.' They could not doubt that he was speaking the truth now, and the kindly Colonel, sympathising with the deep trouble he was in, laid his hand on the young man's shoulder. 'Cheer up,' he said, 'things may not bo so black as they seem. Recol looet, George, you can depend .upon me. I am not a rich man, but my wife's brother belongs to me. too. What I can do, I will.' George clasped the strong hand in sileneoo, and when he spoke again his voice was unsteady. ' I don't think [ shall want money -I hope not;' he said, ' but I shall not forgot your goodness, Colonol, Now, I must be off. The reason I came was to toll you that Irene thinks I alopt hero last night. She knows nothing of this business trouble, so I couldn't explain going down to Brigh. t en.' x Tho husband and wife exchanged glances of dismay. , 'She knows nothing about- it ?' Mrs, Gordon stammered. 'But why ?' 'I couldn't have made her under stand the-the-rights of the case, ' Ie replied, flushing, * and sho abhors the very name of the law. Well, good-bye; thank you for all your sympathy, both'of you,' (3o ie a IInued.) 