THE TORF. [BY VKKO.3 A number cf race meetings were Mri at Baster, but «f all these tho A.J.C. Actumn Mcetingwasperhupsof thc most general impor- tance. The meeting commenced at Randwick on Saturday last, but win fell heavily all day, wtoiott of course greatly interfered with the sport. The dordie Race was the opening event, ILscky Boy .being an absentee. Thc resuit vas an easy win for Mc. S3. Smith's First tight («st. Sib.), with Kitrnany (set. 71b.i) *nd RwMigiit (Uar. Sjtb.), in the niacin. Time, A round doeu started for the Autumn Stakes, and Mr. J. Turnbulls colt Light Artillery wou with something te spare front old Marvel and Loyolty.iq 2'45. Eleven rmi for the Two-year-old Maiden Stakes, Mr. K. H. Belisario's filly Patroness winning ju che most comfortable manner from Cedarette and Knid, In 1 '33A. A fine field of twenty -enc weighed out for the High-weight Handi- cap, Mr. f. VV. Flannagan s colt Thespian ^9st.) winning easily From Guruino (flat, ll lb.) and Merry Belle (t'«t. ll lb.,, in 1-22. Of tbe roar starters for the St. Leger, Carnage was most lu demand, but Mr. S. O. Cook's colt The Sailor Prince (Robinson Crusoe-Water- lily) won easily al thc finish from Carnage (Nordenfeldt -Mersey), and tFrcnebant (Tren- ton- Bridesmaid), in -147. There were twenty-one competitors tor tue Doncaster Handicap, and the Queenslander Donizetti, entered in the name of Mr. W. Forrester, won in the most easy mannertfrom Projectile (7 st-'ll lb.), and Lady Trenton (7 st. 101b.), in HW. Donisetti is by Marvellous out of Gertrude, and he carried ? st. 9 lb. On Easter Monday thc weather had under- gone a great change, ead there was a large attendance. The fun began with the Flying Handicap, which en dod in an easy win for M.L.A., who was followed by Bellman and Baccleugh, in 1'17. The Maiden Stakes pro- duced one of the best races of ilhe meeting, Mr. H. C. White's two-year old filly Scotch Lossie winning hy a neck from Ronda and Claverhouae, in 2'14. -Just a dossn put in an appearance for the Champagne Stakes, Mr. I'. H. Osborne's filly Acmena (Martini .Henry-Acme), winning by three lengths from Malachite and Dryden, int '13. Twenty four started for the .Sydney Gold Cup, Ugnt Artillery being a strong favourite. The result was another boil-over, for Mr. John 'Mayo's mare Lady »Trenton (Trenton-Black Swan), who carried 7st. 71b., proved ber quality by racing home in front of The Trier (Estland Nightingale (7st. Sib.), in 3'34. The Steeplechase ended in a win for Mr- A. Smith's grey gelding Spanker (lOet), who won easily from (Castlebar <S st. 31b.) and Sneaker (10 st. 9 lb.d, in 6*46. Patroness was again too good for those opposed to her in the Nursery Handicap, and was followed by The Harvester and Glare. Time, 1 '4. The Queensland Turf Club «We apparently «onie inisundersbanding with the Brisbane Telegraph, for I notice that paper does not report tbs two days' caring en Saturday and Monday. Tbs Q.T.C. Easter soeeting was but thinly ettended on Saturday last, bat on Monday there was a decided improvement. The amount of money pot through the tetalisator on the two days wits about £3099. Mr. P.. Welsby'« Young Buckthorpe {Bnckthorpe - Lady Ethel), won the Trial Handicap from Gardezrous «nd Sybil, in 1-20. Oriental won the Selling Plate from Porter and Dsrriwell, in 1 '37. Fourteen starred for the March Handi- cap. Mr. B. Wehby'e three-year-old filly Lady Hilda (Waterloo-My Lady), won rretty comfortably from Euroka and Fred, in '45$. Young Bnektborpe won his second race in the Junior Handicap, beating Memory and Czarina, in 1 '4. Lady Hilda then carried off the Totalisator Stakes from War Queen and Dan O'Connell, in 1*444, making Mr. Welsby-s fourth win for the day. On Monday, Mr. A. Nerd's Fred (First Water-Firmin) won the Flying Handicap from War Queen and Phllltnena, tn 1'3. Mr. K. Heating's Memory (Cadogan- Memorial) defeated Czarina and Ureyfriar in the Nursery Handicap, in 1'17- Mr. J. Bennett's Euroka (Wheatmeat-My Fancy) defeated Fred, Lady Hilda, and eight others in the Easter Handicap, in 2-12. Mr. 11 M'Donald's Darriwell won the Disposal Stakes from Phyrrns and Porter in 1-20. E. Frecney's War Queen carried off tho Wetter Handioap easily from Hendon and Jessie, in 2*5. Only five started for the Autumn Handicap, and M. Quirk's {ns) Capristc (Archie- Capella) won cosily from Parnell and Phyllis, in 1 45¿. I In ' reply to my remarks made on the unlooked-for and unsportsmanlike position taken up by the Queensland Turf Club as regards the Contra! Queensland Bacing Association, " Waxy " writes iu the following terse and emphatic manner :-" At the time I wrote I did not know all the facts of the case. These have since been made public, and, EUciitg the premier club in a pitiably burni- shing position, as they do, amply justify not onto what 'Veno' said, but his maouer of saying it." The winners in Pfitzenmaier's consultation on tùc Sydney Gold Cup are as follow: First prize : J. Hourigan, Australian Hotel, Koekharnpton, £92 fe. od. Second prise : J. Fitzgerald, coaohboilder, Korth Rodt hainptan, £36 16s. Third prise : T. Jones, Al Ula done, Rockhampton, £18 ss. A con- sultation ls now open on the Birthday Cup. "The -Queensland Boeing Calendar" for the period from December to March is to hand. A visitor to Hughenden tells "Offsider" that it is confidently expected the coming Hughenden «anual meeting will be the best the olub has ever held. " Waxy" writes in tho Telegraph :-Mr. Humphrey Oxes ham, the leading bookmaker ef New South Wales, formerly of Townsville, sad other Queensland towns, and who ia still affectionately renumbered in this colony, is " about to be requisitioned tostand forParlia ment as member for Randwick." The same writer sayB :-Joe Vernor, once a well-known Queensland trainer, wa« dis- qualified lost week at Richmond races {(Vic- toria), for suspicious paictlccs in connection with the running of the pony Devotion. The jockey, Sfeene, SB well as thc pony, shanad Vernor's tate. Tho Charters Towers Jackey Club held their races ou Konter Monday. The follow- ing ore thc results :- Flying Handicap : Merlyn, 1 ; Kalamia, 2 ; Viceroy, 3. Easter Handicap : Abbot, 1 -, Blacklock, i ; Contest, 3\. Won easily, (shorts Handicap : Merlyn, 1 ; Verdict, 2. Miners' Purse : Abbot, 9st. 1 lb., I ; Contest, 2 ; Blacklock, 8. Fa«noli Handicap ; Lord Marian, I ; Blaoklock, 2 ; Morlyu, 3. Good fields started in the various races,-and a sum of £2347 passed through tile tolalisator. The Taroom races ouine off on thc 10th of March, and are described as follow in thc Courier :-The races were very successful, the whole of the arrangements being carefully and wall carried out. Large fields and good starling .added to the general success of the meeting. Some exciting finishes showed that the handicapper bad done his work well» The veteran starter, Mr. James Briggs, was very successful with thc flag. As thc racing spirit Menrsd te be predominant, the stewards i decided opon haring a second day's racing, when four events were contested. The fetlowiug is a Hst of the winners :-Trial Stakes : Mr. Cox's Vanity, 1 j Keepsake, 2. Heck Race : Mr. Mohr's Drummer, I. St, Patrick's Handicap : Mr. R. L. Scott's Mona, I ; Mr. King's Jessie, 2. Jumbo Stakes, Usu up: Mr. W. i. Ashton's Osmund (owner), 1 ; Mr. Scott's Tichborne, 2. Ladies' Purse : Mrs. King's JesBie, 1 ; Miss Mouteith'e Prosper, 2. Farewell Handicap : Mr. Mohr's Drummer, 1. On the second day the following owners scored wins respectively : -Mesar». Ashton, Kable, and Cox. The i weather was beantif al throughout, from ex- pressions given vent, to racing is likely to {mnroee in thc fufare if once tho old feud between town and country can be overcome and aa amalgamation take place. Tho district ia possessed of some of thc finest blood in the colony, but for many years «io encouragement has been give« to breeders to bring their youngsters te thc post. This barrier will probably 1« »«moved in the futuro. Adrices from Sun Francisco state tiiat t5ie racehorse Stromboli, by Chester- Etna, was, when the mail left, about to tuko his depar- ture for the Eastern Slates, and will probably be raced at the Icadingmeenings al Monmouth Park, Sbecpshtad Bay, and Coney Island, and is already entered for mine races at Saratoga and Merris Purk. It ie understood in well-informed -circles, says a southern exchange, that the last cf thc 10,080 sovs. Melbourne Cups has been run, and thal in future tbc prize for the great han- dicap of the V.R. C. Spring reunion will not exceed ¡3000 or 0000 eovs. The programme for the next racing season will ehortly be drafted by the V.R.C. An exchange «aye:-General KodoliUch, tbe well-known Austrian sportsman who died recently at San Remo, left a will in which be bequeathed his valuable stud, com- prising fifty-two horses, estimated to be worth at least £$0,000, to bis uephews. The widow disputes this will, saying that the General bought tho horses with ncr money, and cannot bequeath them to anyone but her- self. Now, the racing laws forbid anyone to race other horses than their own, and if it is proved that the horace raced by the late General belonged to his wife, all tho prises they ever gained must be repaid, the amount being about £15,000. It will be very diffi- cult for the lawyers to decide in this case, if thc widow and the nephews resort to a law- suit, aod cannot come to an amicable arrange- ment. " Reginald " is of thc opinion that there was a champion unearthed at Gundagai recently tn the shape of au aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Bluegotvn from a Snowden mare. On the first day of tho meeting ho went to the front ut the fall of the flag tu the Stewards' Handicap, one mile, and never giving bis opponents the ghost of a chance, winning by any number of lengths in thc capital time of 1 min. 434 soc. Then, on the second day, in the Town Plate, one and a quarter mile, he pursued the same tactics as on the firet day, with the result that be beat both Geraldine and Babette like backs, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended in any part of it, in 2 min. 104 sec. Lsd Astray is a tremendous lengthy gelding, and altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of years arid only reoently started in and won a hack race at Jugoiug. He was, I believe, on offer not long since fora teuner, but nobody seemed Buxtons to become possessed of him even at that small sum. His legs are as a sound os a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be sick or sorry a day. Ose always welcomes a new name at the head of tbe list of winning owners, and on this «ocasión we have that of Mr. H. M'Calinont, who bas attained leading honours after a career of some five seasons on the turf. Hs is possessed of a handsome fortune amounting, it is believed, to some £100,000 a year, sad after a short period of soldiering sa a subaltern in tbe Foot Guards, betook him- self to country pursuits. He hos a fine country seat/Cheveley Park, a short distance from Newmarket, and is laying out a private racecourse in bis park. PBrxcn'Ai. WINNINI: OWNERS. Ur. IL C. Vyner £«,030 Bann de Rothschild ».m Ur. G. J. Blake .. 7,468 SirW.Throekmortoii 7,102 Baron de Hinch .. «,(176 Slr B. Jardine .. 6,687 Ur. Elba .. e.liï Ur. P. Buchanan .. 6,0M In 1892 Baron de Hirsch, mainly owing to tbe victories of the flying La Fleche, was at tbe head of affairs with £S8,388, Sir J. B. Maple runniog np with £17,161. The aggregate Value of the Btskcs run for on the fiat in England alone during the past season was £128,391, and that this value is ever on the increase ls evidenced by the fact that in the year 1881 it amounted to £31,857, and in 1874 to £»06,050 only. The value of stakes ran for in Ireland and Scotland is comparatively trifling, the former country giving £18,441 last season and the latter £11,107 only. All these figures are exclusive of the money taken by Bccond and third horses. Mr. H. VOalmont £25,481 Duke Westminster 10/123 Duke ot fortland.. IÈ.627 Slr J. a Haple .. 10,746 Hr. Doua-un Baird 10,20» Earl ol Ellesmere.. «,010 Mr. T. Cannon .. MIC Colonel Korth .. «,644 