Twinklings. Wet. Change. Elections. Fine rains. Corrymeela. Koonawarra. Lucky Jenkins. Farmers jubilant. Green Cape again. Murder most foul. 1 A terrible example. Disastrous collision. " Belinda's Blunder." Tory Home Rule Bill. University ghost story. Changes in the Ministry. Morality without religion. "Escaped Nuns "quarrel. Beware of spurious florins. Beer in England increasing! Ghastly tragedy in Melbourne. "EasterThoughts" concluded. Honest Tom had a big send off. " Every man has his own price." Electioneering touts on the job. Nailing the green flag to the mast. Lord Kintore returns next month. Ireland to have a veterinary college. Government Whip—Mr. L. O'Loughlin. Unfortunate Frenchman done to death. The " member for America" joins the Ministry. Hon. Thomas Playford gone to England. Bon voyage. Bishop Goe refused an English rector ship. Oh ! Hon. John Greely Jenkins, Minister of Public Works. Professor Wragge's prognostication proved correct. Parliament to be called together on Thursday, June 7. Budget deficits—England, £4,500,000 ; France, £3,000,000. Popular appointment—that of Mr. L. O'Loughlin as Government Whip. Total amount that two prospectors could rake up on arrival at Murchison, Is. 4d. Some very fine hair splitting arguments in Wednesday's Advertiser on the currency question. A quarter of a million miners on strike in America for an increase of 20 per cent. Carnegie again ! Messrs. Clark and Lill, the notable auctioneers, Parade, Norwood, are doing a most thriving business. Another bank tragedy in New South Wales. The manager shot dead. The murderers escaped. Clark and Quartly, auctioneers, estate and financial agents, Federal Chambers, King William Street. Mr. John Morley has nailed the green flag to the mast, and will ever remain a staunch friend of the Emerald Isle. He who takes our purse steals trash, but he who takes our paper and pays not en riches himself but leaves us wild indeed. An English gentleman recently pur chased a house solely for its ghost. What's the matter with colonial invest ments 1 Sir Thos. Mcllwraith says the mining industry of Queensland will increase ten fold in a few years. We devoutly hope so without a " boom." Liverpool Daily Post states than an Evicted Tenants Bill will be allotted a foremost place in the next session of the House of Commons. The last session of the English Parlia ment was the longest on record, and but * for the action of the House of Lords would have been the greatest. The British Consul, at Ascunsion, has cabled to London confirming the intelli gence that 110 departures have taken place from New Australia. The Adelaide Racing Club hold their Birthday Meeting on May 19, 24 and 26. General entries April 26 before 4 p.m., acceptances May 14 before 4 p.m. The Queen received last year £48,000 from the Duchy of Lancaster. Tliis is, of course, in addition to her allowance of £385,000 a year from the Civil List. Mr. William Patrick at Kapunda on Tuesday last—" I would not give a straw for federation for defence. It would only give comfortable billets to a lot of people we could do without." Father Holweck, an American priest, has classified and annotated a calendar which shows that there is no day in the \- year' on which the Blessed Virgin is not somewhere publicly invoked under one of her numberless titles. Mr. .D. Wilson, the Victorian Govern ment expert,; has made a report that the value of • butter exported from Victoria had risen from £51;300 in 1889-90 to £761,273 this season, and refers to the necessity of oontinuing a: careful super vision over all -butter shipped;,; . The Prince of Wales - during the past year received the sum of £57,803 18s. Id. from the ireceipts At the Duohy. i of Corn wall.1 ? IThis- is, of . course, in:. addition to his annuity of £40,000. iayear and 'the £36,0004: year, which he receives for tire maintenance of bib family. : The ceremonies of the Pope's Episcopal Jubilee were brought to'a concjlusipn on Sunday, Fetymiaiy lfc, with a Mass cele brated by His Holiness in St. Peter's. Some 50,000 people are said to liave been present', and there was great enthusiasm. At night tbe basilica, many other churches, and a great part of the city were illumina ted. A. blind man named Lambert, who for some years has been soliciting alms in the streets of Newcastle, New South Wales hfis been proceeded against by the council for obstruction. When arrested he fought savagely and was takeu to the police court in a cart. On searching him bank receipts were discovered in his pockets for £1,400. The Melbourne Cup this year will be shorn of a good deal of its glory. The added money is to be reduced from £10,000 to £5,000, and the trophy which has for the past few years been attached, and which annually cost the club £150, will disappear altogether. Other reduc tions on the same scale are announced. Well, it is scarcely to be regretted by genuine sportsmen. " Returned to the Catholic fold " is the cheering news (says the Catholic Standard of March 3) sent from Rome last Saturday of twenty-three schismatic bishops of Syria. It is also stated " that others are expected to follow'their example shortly." It is said that this action is a direct result of the Eucharistic Congress held recently at Jerusalem. Would that it were also a forerunner of the reconciliation of the schismatic Greek Church. Mr. Samuel Hannaye, of Compton Street, Adelaide, has in his possession a very large and beautiful picture of real Australian aboriginal life. We are told that the scene depicted on the immense canvas, which measures about 7ft. x 5ft., was actually painted from life some thirty years ago. It must have been a great undertaking for any artist, and the work certainly deserves a place upon the walls of one of the Australian galleries. Mr. Hannaye is always happy to receive visi tors. 