VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT. (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT,) The no confidence debate still drags its slow, weary length, and promises to l&Bt; a day or two lo ger. At the time of writing no man knows how the division will go, but probably before these lines m?et the reader's eye, tbe result will be known all over Australia, It is, howevr, pretty well understood that which ever way the voting goes ail appeal to tbe country is inevitable, and the rooner this takes place the better, A big meeting of the Oppjaitioa was held io tbe Bntunda on Monday night. It was practically orgauised by the labor party, and of course cut aud dried motions were carried unanimously, pledging the meeting at the coming elections to vote only for wbat were called " liberals " but which iu Lygon-street nomenclature means advanced Radicals." As a third of the people at the meeting have no vote, aod as th<remainder are divided amongst half a-di zan or more constituencies, the actual, real- influence of the gathering is reduced to nil Lib r meetiugs in Melbourne proper are shams, because the attendance roust be from all the near suburbs, Messrs. G D. Carter and E Zix, M,L. Vs., control eight,.tenths of the votes of the metropolis and they arc anti-Trades H>>lli<es; aud no labor candidate has ever yet, or ever will be elected for the city. Of Course, there ate no means of ascertaining how a general election would result just now With a fair field there would not be the slightest chance of one labor member being returned- but when three candidates run fir one seat, and five or more for two seats, the splitting of the votes will give a candidate a seat although twice as many votes were actually polled against him. I is b ;t f.iir to say that Mr. Winter at the Isst general c-l°cii(n was honestlyuleottd hut Messrs Trenwitb. B.omler, rnd WylSie (sicce d- ce s,-d) were a'l elected by minorities, and neither of them would havo then b-ea el-cted to the House had it net been for an excels of candidates. It tbe tleci ion turns on freetrado and protection thi r • will be some surprises, because there is no use denying tbe fact—and the Age is feo'ieh in doing so— that the abominable high tariff 4 has caused a re-action in favor of freetrade. All the old protection veterans, Sir Graham Berry excepted, are in favor of reducing the dutie s to £0 or 25 per cant ad valorem, and this, too, is part of the programme of the moderate freetraders, so it is just possible that the latter will poll heavily. It is also somewhat significant that for the first time in the bis v oryof tbe colony a frtet 'Jide convention, composed of delegates from <u! p<iits of the colony, will meet io Meibourne this week, and this is bound to have some influence on iha elections The Bingle-rax*rs ere also wakiug up, and the plausibility of their cause, which few outsiders can fully see through, may iu B me caseB turn the scale towards freetrade. Altogether, we may rxpect some peculiar complications to arise long before Christ tna«. On Sunday week tbe Rev. A R Edgar, minister of Wesley Church, in the course of a termon urged bishearers to return g< 0 J men to Parliament aud asserted that there were liars and profligates iu the Assembly," who would do anything to further their own ends. This was reported in the Age, and on.Wednesday Mr. E4gar appeared before the bar of the House to answer the charge The*whole of the proceedings were a s'lly farce, and of course ended in noihtng. Mr. EJgar stated that he did not use the words ol>j ~c'ed to, and what he did say was meant to apply to Parliament generally. Either Mr. Edgar must be a rash and recklefls speaker 01 else be is posge&sed; of a very bad memory. The Age reporter has since produced his shorthand notes, which contained the words p> inted io tbe Age ; and besides, several people who were present at the meeting state that they distinctly remember Mr. Edgar using the woids It is a matter of deep regret that Mr, Edgar was foolish enough t \ place himself in such a posi'ion,. He has for m >nfbs past allowed himself to be m tde a tool of by the I<&b;>r party, unaware of the fart that they have been nsirg those so-called "pleasant Sunday afternoons " as first-class pre- election advertisements, and in other ways used them to advance their own selfish ends. It iB to be hoped that the rev. gentleman has been taught a lesson which he has been slow to learn, and that in future he will not allow bis church to be used for political purposes, particularly by. men wt o are at heart socialists, if not incipient anarchists. People who take an interest in politics are asking where is Mr. M'Klnley, the popular member for Toorak t During the long protracted no confidence debate, his able sreach against the income tax, aud his more brilliant add res; ou the Credit Foncier Bill, induces us to suppose that he coul<' have given s;tme sensible remark? abiut s.hc pre«:titcomplicatedpoli' ica.1 situation. Mr. M'Kin- Icy ia one of the few m^nbeis in the pieeei t Assembly who speaks only when he has ec mothing good to say, something not only worth listening to but also worti* reading. And it would have been well if be had given in tbe rebultofbis contemplation of aff lira during the past few weeks. It is a pity that there are not a number of good men in the .Assembly like Mr. M Ciiiley, who have no axes to grind, and no pet fads to advocate, but who, taking a broad compiebensive grasp of public affairs, are competent to express their opinions ia a free and independent manner. Tbe Legislative Council elections are attracting no particular attention. At the time of writing there are no signs of any opposition to the late members. The nominations close on Saturday, aud probably the whole of the old members will be returned unopposed. On Thursday the House did not sit, as it was the fi st day lor the annual municipal elections all through tbe colony, txeeptieg ia Melbourne and Geelong, which are worked under the old English Act. There was net any great excitement. In Brighton the Speaker (Mr. Ihos. Bent) was opposed by Mr. J. S. Gair, but was returned by a large majority. In a large number of districts the labor party put up cant ilates, and worked like Trejius to return them, but every one of their candidates were defeated. C ouncillor gangster of Port Melbourne, who is president of the Trades Hall Council, was rejrc'ed along with Mr. P. Salmon, M L.A. for the district, bath being at the bottom cf the poil with a minority t f some hundred*. It must be recollected that all thes° Trades Hall candidates were brought forward with a political purpose, and the ignominious defeat of all of them is a most significant sign of the tim^s. Ia Fiizroy there wqs-on'y. an election in one ward, end yet to return ah auditor the whole city had to b3 polled. This cost £80, and the su.iitoi's salary is only £20, so that ibe city had to spend all this mon?y merely to ca'ry on what was really a sham election, b; : cau^e the opposing candidate for the audirorship v i}ever had the ghost of a chat.ce of wiorsing, and was defea'ed by nearly 500 votes. > u ome.hing ought to be dono to stop such a scandalous waste of money. However, the total defeat of the whole of the Trades Hall nominees nu Tburday ;s a matter for great rejoicing, and wb all hope it is bnt a prelude (0 wbat we may expect at the forthcoming general election. Councillor Pierce, who died a few days ago, was an ex-M.L A. for West Melbourne, but lost bis seat when Mr. Maloney opposed him some six years atro. The -change was for the worse, for Mr. Maloney is such an erratic and eccentric person that it was hoped that Mr. Pierce wou d have ousted him in the coming contest. Still it is to be hoped that some other better member will be found for West Melbourne than the sitting member. ' 