FISHER'S GHOST. A TRUE TALE OF THE OLD COLONIAL DAYS. In the old coaching days of New South Wales there- took place one of those tragic and mysterious occurrences which make a deep and lasting impression on the public mind. The tale of " Fisher's Ghost" is still familiar in the colony, and is probably not unknown to more than one old Australian now resident in London. . The town of Campbelltown, distant from Sydney in a south-westerly direc tion some thirty or forty miies. was founded by a Colonel Campbell, who did military duty in that part of the world for many years. On his death, Colonel Campbell left part of his estate to his old and attached servant, Fisher. This Fisher, a faithful, simple-minded, generous man, was quite illiterate, and soon found that he required sonic one to assist him in managing his ever- growing affairs. Such a manager he found in one Hum bert, a plausible sort of man. who, although without any kind of testi monials as to character, immediately gained the good graces of Fisher, who took him into bis entire confidence. Under Hulbert's management Fisher's estate prospered exceedingly, and in the course of three or four years the greater part of it was built upon, and became known as Lower Campbelltown. Fisher having thus " made his pile," naturally desired to revisit his native land. Accordingly, he took passage for London in the Mary Ann Dark, belong ing to the firm of Lorrimcr, Rome, & Co., of Sydney, sending on his heavy luggage. When the day of sailing ap proached, he set out from Campbell town for the Cross Roads to catch the coach which ran from Dapto and Wal longong, through Liverpool and Parra niatta, to Sydney. Fisher was accom panied by his manager, Hulbert. who carried his portmanteau, and who, after seeing liim safely on board the coach at the Cross Roads, was to return to Campbelltown and manage everything in his absence. A night or two after Fisher thus set out from Campbelltown to catcli the coach for Sydney, an Irishman named Tim O'Conuell, who worked on the road between Picton and Campbelltown, and to whom Fisher had been very kind, car.ic home to his house in Campbell town in a state of great excitement, and sinking down 011 a chair beside the fire exclaimed : " Mary, I've seen Fishers crbost !*' " Fisher's ghost! Arrah, now. Tim; you blayguard, you've been drinking aarain!" " No, Mary, I have not—I'll take the vistinent 011 it; but may I never taste whisky again if I did not see Fislier this blessed night, lie was sitting on the bridge and pointing down his finger at the lagoon." " 1 must see Father Pat about you, 'J iin, you are clean beyant me." And so Mary went to Father Pat, afterwards Dean Sheridan, and told him that Titll had been 011 "the burst" again, and was so far gone that lie had come home the other night with his hair slar-ling an end, and declaivd that he had seen Fisher's ghost. ■■ Fisher's ghost!" cried. Father Pat t; I'll Fisher's ghost him. ^e, Mary> I'll be at your house to-night, jiifit about t time Tim enmes home. It's a^il^nie •when a man has a wife like you. a*!^ children like vonrs, that he should give way to t ie drink so," A? good as his word, Father Pat went down to Tim's that same uight. •• And so, Tim," said Father Pat, " Mary tells me you've been on ' the burst' again, and been seeing Fisher's ghost." " Father," said Tim, " do I look as if I had been drinking to-day ?" " No, I must say you do not." " Well, may I nivver, hut I saw Fisher's ghost again to-night. He was bitting on the bridge, and pointing with his finger to the Jagoon. I saw him last night, and I saw\him again to-night. I'll take the solemri\onth upon it; by the " No, no, don't swear, my boy." And Father Pat mused. " See here, Tim, I won't say hard words to you to-night, bccause I think you arc a littfe off your bead. Getsjour supper, and g^sto bed, and hare a ^good sleep. And sea here, Mary, don't give him a drop witliSjiim when he goes amy to-morrow mornings/' " But if I don't give it liirn here, your riverance, he'll get it there, and perhaps more of it; so what am I to do ?" " Indeed, it's a hard case," said Father Pat, who weut away meditating what was best to be done. He was sorry for Mary, and, indeed, for Tim too, who was a good fellow, although too fond of " the dhrop." On his way home Father Pat met G ordon bremner, inspector of the mounted troopers at Campbelltown, and told him about Tim. " I really don't know what to think of it," said Father Pat. " He does not seem to have been drinking, and the only explanation otherwise is that the boy must be ofT his head. I think you ought to keep an eye upon him, and have him. locked up if you think it well." Inspector Bremner said he would; and the next night he happened to meet I Tim, who was going home, just at the bridge. " What's this I hear, Tim ?" said the I Inspector—" something about your hav- | ing seen Fisher's ghost." " And I see it now," said Tim, point- | ing with his liugcr. " There !" " I don't see it," said the Inspector. " But I do," said Tim, doggedly; I " and I haven't tasted a drop this blessed | day." Inspector Bremner could not deny that Tim was perfectly sober ; but, while promising himself to keep an eye on him, his mind began to work in another direction—for he had always disliked and distrusted Hulbert: and almost instinctively he took his way to the Cross Roads Hotel, and asked to see the " boss," who he knew had been an old boon companion of Fisher's. " Did you see Fisher off by the coach j on such a day ?'' asked the Inspector. " No," replied the landlord ; " but I saw Fisher and Hulbert walking on the Liverpool road to catch the coach a little beyond my place, and Hulbert was carrying Fisher's portmanteau." " Who drove the coach ?" "Jim Doolan. He is now driving a coach Bathurst way, and won't be back for at least a couple of months. Any thing wrong ?" " No ; but I want to know if Fisher I really weut ofif, because Tim O'Connell [ has been seeing his ghost." " Ha, ha ! "laughed the landlord. " I suppose Tim has been seeing spirits because he has been drinking too much of them." " I suppose so," said the Inspector; I but the next step he took was to go to Captain Phillips, who lived in one of the suburbs of Campbelltown, and ask him for a week's leave of absence, as he | wished to go to Sydney. " Certainly," said Captain Phillips ; " you have had no leave for months, and can have a week's leave now or at any other time. But you need not go to the expense of taking the coach. You can have a ' trooper' here, and another at Liverpool, and auother at Parra matta." So Inspector Gordon Bremner rode to I Liverpool, where he saw his old friend i Inspector Fosberry, to whom he com municated the whole matter over a cup of tea. " There may be something in it," said j Fosberry, " and again there may not, | and it may be only Tim O'Connell hav ing a touch of the d.t.'s ; but you can easily find out whether it is worth your while proceeding further in the business by going to the Royal Hotel, and asking to see the coach-book. If Fisher was picked up by the coach between Cross Roads and Liverpool, his name must be in that book under that date." Bremner took the advice, and found that Fisher's name was not 011 the coach book. Then he rode on to Panamatta, to Luke O'Connors, and found that Fisher' name was not 011 the coach-book there. And then he rode on to Sydney, and called 011 Mr. Lorimer, of Lorimer & Rome. " Yes," said Mr. Lorimer, " Fisher did take a passage by the Mary Ann Dark, and I suppose is now on his way to London." But did he sail ?" " I suppose so; but I'll ask Mr. Hatchell, our managing clerk, whose duty it is to board every vessel before she sails, and see how things are." Mr. Hatchell, on being called up> immediately confirmed all the Inspector's suspicious. Fisher had taken his pas sage in the Mary Ann Dark, and had forwarded his luggage, but had not sailed. Then where was Fisher ? jXLa O'Con nel's vision of Fisher's gho!t sitting on the bridge and pointing down to the lagoon had gradually been growing a distinct reality in inspector Brcmner's mind, and he immediately rode back to Campbelltown, w|^ for a black " traq as much at brother trackej spector Bremj anything atj between it would 1 took plad hours of til fellow wenfl saying, tor Bremner had told him that it was the corpse of a man he was expected to find. " Try on this side," said the Inspector —the side nearest the "bush." The third time the black tracker went down and almost in a moment returned to the surface saying, " Me touchee." The body Mas brought up and conveyed to the police barracks. The features were much decayed, but that it was the body of Fisher was beyond doubt, for Fisher, it was well known, had one leg shorter tliau the other. He had been killed by the stab of a sharp kuife immediately over the heart. Without loss of time Inspector Brem ner, taking with him two assistants, went to Fisher's house, where Hulbert was in possession. Bremner, leaving his assistants outside, went in alone, and abruptly asked : " Did Fisher catch the coach beyond the Cross Roads ?" " Of course he did. I saw him ofi'." " And did he sail from Sydney ?" " He did—in the Mary Ann Dark." I " How do you know ?" " Because I have a letter from him, written when the vessel was on the point of sailing." " But Fisher could not write.'1 " I know ; but he must have got some one to write for him. Here is the letter." Inspector Bremner looked at the letter, which bore the Sydney postmark, and seemed to be all right; but it did not tend to remove suspicion from his mind, or prevent him from immediately arrest ing Hulbert. Hulbert would have re sisted, but the Inspector blew his whistle, and his assistants rushed iu and secured Hulbert, who was conveyed to the police barracks and confronted with the body of Fisher. Hulbert, who had hitherto maintained an admirable self- possessiou, was overcome at the sight of his victim, and exclaimed, " My God, who'd have thought it!" He afterwards made a detailed confession to the chaplain of Darlinghurst Gaol, Sydney. " It's no use having anybody to defend me on my trial," he said. " It was I who killed Fisher." And thea he described how he did the deed. " We were on our way to catch the coach," he said, " and at the bend of the road I told him there were some papers at home which I had forgotten to give him, and which he ought to have with him. 1 persuaded Fisher to go back with me for those papers, leaving the portman teau in a safe place, and just as we were emerging from the bush I stabbed him, and dragged his body down into the lagoon. " As to motive," he continued, " my immediate motive was to obtain posses sioe of a large sum of ready money which Fisher had, and my ulterior motive was, if possible, to step into Fisher's shoes. " Yes," he concluded, " it was I who wrote the letter purporting to be from Fisher which I showed to Inspector Bremner. I had it written beforehand, and posted by a safe hand at Sydney on the proper date." Hulbert, it is needless to say, was executed in due course of law, aud so " Fisher's Ghost" was laid. 