stageiann studies' (Chiefly Australian). By Gah.net "VVaech. No. 19. The Play 1 Did Not Write, &c.; A Queer . Visitor.—Prompt Cash.—An. Eventful Career.—Shattered Hopes.—A Difficult Task. Christening the Baby.—Truth Stranger than Fiction.—Tragedy and Comedy. Somb years ago I had a rather curious experience. I was sitting one afternoon in tlie little room, called by courtesy the "editorial sanctum," of the newspaper which 1 myself had started in the small but important town of Parramatta, thirteen miles from Sydney, when the boy who looked after the "Publishing Department" —that is to say, the counter over which single copies of the Parramatta Weekly Tocsin, price twopence, were sold to an eager public—popped m his touzled head and remarked glibly, with true office-boy con densation of phrase, " G'nm'lseeyesir!" " Show him in," I replied, in my customary digni fied manner, and the boy, with the lightning-like rapidity which characterised his movements on pay day—and this was j>ay-day—ushered into my presence one of the queerest men whom it has ever been my lot to behold. " Be seated, sir," 1 said, and motioned him to a chair, facing the light, and domestically known as " The Clients' Back." He took it, and while he sat there during the subsequent conversation, I was able to confirm by detail the general impression of extreme " queerness" given me by my single glance when he first entered the room. He was tall and thin, very thin j as thin as a lath 5 thin as a wafer thin as a thread ; thin as the thin end of a wedge of cheese, or any other simile you prefer ; with deep set, coal-black eyes—one of them a little out of drawing—an aquiline nose 5 white, but irregular teeth 3 a very shoe-brush of a bristly black beard 3 a high, though receding forehead, crowned by hair that matched his beard, both as to hue and shortness; a pair of ears so large and so badly hung that they literally Happed whenever he moved liis heads and two skinny hands with claw-like fingers that kept jerkily closing and opening as they lay, palm down wards, on his bony knees. Clothed in asiiit of rusty black, of a rather clerical cut, while a limp and much-soiled white tie encircled his emu-like throat, and helped to emphasise his otherwise general resemblance to a dissolute parson out of luck, there was an uncanny, yet semi- ludicrous, look about him that alternately startled me and set me at my ease again as the teuour of his talk gave colour to the shifting'expressions of his countenance. Not to weary the reader with particulars, 1 may here condense into a verbal essence the somewhat ramblmg, yet always vivid statement which my visitor imparted to me in the course gf the ensuing quarter of an hour. It seemed, then, that having heard of tuy connec tion with the stage, he had called upon me for the purpose of securing my collaboration, in the writing of a play, the chief situations of which were to bo founded on parallel Incidents in his own eventful life. Ho was,prepared to pay for the worlc—liore he produced a cheque book—and, if my terras suited, would leave a deposit forthwith, The bulk of the dialogue, he said, would have to be of my writing, and the drama—or rather melodrama—was to be in five acts, and (to constitute the entire programme for one evening. These details were 00 dearly set forth, and in such a business-like way, that I felt sure my visitor either was or had been a dramatic author, and probably an actor as well. 1 considered the matter for a few moments and theu named a sum, not a" very small one, which I was prepared to accept as payment in full, JJ20, deducted from the total, to be considered as a deposit. Ho threw his oheque hook lightly across the table and hogged me to fill In the amount of till e, deposit myself. In doing bo I could ■ not avoid noticing the butts of some of the previous cheques which the book bad oontained. One for 12100 and ♦ Specially written for Tallfi Talk.—All rights reserved. another for JB50 especially caught my eye. My visitor, despite his seedy clothing, was evidently a man of means. I duly filled in the cheque and he appended his signature, "John Henry Baker," with a characteristic flourish beneath it. Tearing outr the cheque he handed it to me, and while I was writing a formal receipt, sat down once more and commenced the extraordinary narrative of his life. Having handed him my acknowledgment I took copious shorthand notes of all he said. Meau^ while, a glow of satisfaction warmed my ambitions soul. To think that so soon after my naifle had appeared in the newspapers in connection with my maiden dramatic effort, t should have secured so congenial and lucrative a commission ! As to any difficulties which might present itself with regard to the manipulation of Mr. Baker's highly exciting his tory, they did not as yet intrude themselves on my notice, and the twenty pounds handed to the sharer of my struggles and aspirations would be hailed by her, not only as a glorious addition to our scanty purse, but also as practical proof that the day. of exalted Fame and Fortune she had so persistently prophesied was not so very distant after all. . Thad got as far as the third foolscap sheet of my , shorthand notes, and was just following Mr. Baker into" the den of an angry circus lion, when there were hurried footsteps in the publishing depart ment, and my own den was invaded by two Bhort, thick-set men, one of whom burst out with " Beg pardon, Sir, but we heard as how—ah ! here he is !" and beckoning to his mate, the warder of the Pai'ra matta Lunatic Asylum, an official title borne by both the men, tapped my visitor lightly on the shoulder, saying, as he did so, " Come along, Baker, we've had a nice little 'search after you, but thank goodness we've traced you by those cheques of yours, before nightfall, and the little tantrums it usually brings you." While speaking he had put on the escaped patient's hat for him, and gathered up the cheque book and my precious twenty pounder—which I threw across to him—saying, "The doctor will be glad to get this back j thank you, Sir, he's been giving them all over the town." Then the two warders, with their suddeuly-stricken-speeohless prey between them, bade me "good afternoon," and departed. X saw Mr. Baker, whose right name, by the way, is not " Baker," once afterwards. I was visiting the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum—a fine institution of its kind — in company with the Governor of New South Wales and other officials, when we came upon my demented client, dressed as before, but wearing six pairs of spectaoles—one of his little fancies—and busily engaged reading a copy of the " Tocsin" in which this vice-regal visit was announced in advauce. He looked up as we npproached; recognised me at onoe, and stepping forward, exclaimed in an airy self-possessed style, " Ah, the Governor of the colony I presume. Glad to sep-'you£and you also Mr. Walch. I appointed Mr.A^frfobuiijri Chief Scribbler some little time back TomttExcollenoj<./^You'll find him a very cleoent fellor^lbtt^^erril^^hir, a terrible liar, Sir." And witlr tliat h^llJqwea'vgriujeftilly and retired. And so endsNtlie^Storj^lj th^^l^y I Did Not Write. 'Sind^tliqp, altfiough) II have never had another full-blown.dupatic^hM d' client, still I have met customersNvf'.hys'tfipreatnbles have been as plausible, and whose cheques'given—alas ! after the work was done—have proved as unsatisfactory as the one signed by John Henry Baker, of Parramatta Asylum, •, If X wero asked to state what I consider the most difficult thing in connection with a drama in which the writer aims at a certain amount of originality, my reply would be " Fixing a Title " j and by this I moan a title which shall bo at one and the same time new, short, catchy, neither too profound for the unlettered, nor too simple for the cognoscenti, and yet, withal, fairly descriptive of the'plot as a whole. Many a day aucl many a night have I and others puzzled over the all-important question, What shall vve christen the Baby ? and after searching through scores of books of reference, from Roget's Thesaurus "to OaaacU's Miniature Oyolopiedia, and dipping at ran dom into' the pages of .novels, poems, magazines and newspapers, act lib., in , search of the happy thought often lurking where least expected, jotting down each of ns suggestions innumerable and fanciful ideas of all kinds, have thrown the whole lot cm one side and taken to our hearts a word or phrase dropped by some person quite outside our circle of anxious seekers, only to find, however, after becom ing daily familiar wjth, and attached to, our adopted pet, that it already figures in one or other of the lists of dramas already given to the world. Then again, in cases where I had an actor-manager as my collaborator, there would be his objections to meet whenever the title with which I had fallen in love suggested to his experienced mind the possibility of ridicule from Press or public. In this way anything connected with sleep, from hypnotism to the merest nap, would be dubbed dangerous, as suggesting a soporific tendency in the play itself; "A Brief Career " might be deemed prophetically synonymous with a short run ; " A Spirit at Rest" would find too cloBe a parallel in a treasury "ghost" that could not, or would not, " walk," and a " Palling Star " would be an absolutely cruel title when mentioned in conjunction with anything produoed by my collaborating actor-author himself. Another class of obstacle to the happy completion of a new play—but one which I have long since learnt to leap lightly over—may be found in the objections raised as to the unlikelihood of certain situations and -effeots constituting, in my own poor opinion, the very point and power of the piece. The proverb, "Truth is stranger than fiction," might be Buffloient to quote in this connection, but the follow ing little handful of facts gleaned from my own commonplace book will serve to illustrate more clearly the strength of the position taken up by the writer, who argues, in unison with his French colleagues, that " nothing happens except the unex pected." Under date February 20, 1880, I find the following telegram from Brisbane :—"A man named Dempsey swam the flooded river for his life at Bone Bridge, Central Railway, on Thursday. He struggled out and fell exhausted across the rails juBt as a train was crossing the bridge, and ran over him, killing him on the spot." This relentless pursuit by Fate of its viotiin would very likely be scoffed at as highly improbable and far too sensational were it made part and parcel of a novel or a drama, and yet you see it is true. Take another instance in the story of the suicide of one Arthur Cowley, a soene-shifter at the Opera House (Argus, August, 1882). He was found in a room on the ground floor of an hotel in Swanston Btreet, kneeling beside a bicyole in an attitude of prayer. Life was extinct. Examination showed that a hayband was tied round his neok and made fast to the handle of the bicycle. By inclining his body forward he had obtained sufficient pressure to produce strangulation, and, of course, death. What writer would not hesitate before sending one of his characters out of the world in this novel fashion, foreseeing all sorts of ridicule at the hands, or rather from the pens of Messieurs, the critics. I have a vivid recollection of reading in a Sydney journal, though I find I have not extraoted the paragraph, how some travellers in New South Wales came across a poor wretch who had been pinned to the earth by the fall of a burning tree, and so kept a prisoner, hour after hour, as the fire slowly ate its way along the trunk towards him/ until when he was found it was within a couple 6f feet of his face. Small wonder that the poor fellow^ had not only the fierce light of the pitiless fire burnK; into his eyes, but also the lurid glare of madness. I cannot, I repeat, give day and date for this'last incident, but I can do so (Argus, December 31, 1883) for the fate of a young man named Murphy, who was found, burnt slowly to death, in the fire on the hearth of his own hut. Into this fire he had been knocked by a tree whioh fell on the roof and held him as in a vyce. Another extract from the same paper records the finding of the body of a man wedged in the chimney of his hut. It appeared that, returning after a brief absence, the deceased had forxnd the door blown to, and, no other means of entry being available, had attempted to got in by descending the chimney, letting himself down by a rope. The agonies of slow suffocation must have been aooentuated by his proximity to the fire, his feet being only fourteen inches from the flreplaoe and.the boots burnt. Again, • for the height of dramatic contrast, take the sad fate of Mi-. Richardson, draper, of Ballarat who slipped between the edge of the platform at the Talbot station and the train, just as the latter was leaving, and whoso shrieks for help wore heard by a body of footballers in the train, who mistook them for the cat-calls of larrikins on the station, and pro ceeded to do their utmost to drown them by boisterous singing, until a little later, alas! when the futile cries for help ceased of their own accord. Is thero any death in fiction that can equal, much less surpass, this, with all the piled up horrors of its surroundings ? But in caso I should be aooused of an effort to surfeit my readers with accumulated tragedies AUfflcjegt to spoil ele©|> for uoy ^ivon ni|ht, lot me quote from the Northern Territory Times amusing account of how a stowaway managed to obtain a cheap passage in a steamer leaving Port Darwin. It appears that having gained the | sympathy of one or two of the sailors, the stowaway | was placed by them in a bag which, aftex- being properly tied at the moxxth, was dragged, with its contents, along the deck, and hooked on to one of the meat-hooks underneath the bridge. There, incognito, he was left to dangle between some sides of mutton for two or three hours, and though one of the police passed, repassed, and even touched the bag, its occupant remained undiscovered. But surely I need proceed no further in multiplying the instances where our every-day life furnishes episodes or ti-agic grotesque, pathetic or humorous, far exceeding in strength and novelty the average creations of the story-teller and the dramatist. Suill ce it to say that when your worshipper of the ordinary taxes either me or my more exalted confreres with exaggeration or an undue intensifying of the sensa tional, his strictures lamentably fail to produce the effect he desires. I notice, by the way, that the late Henry Petitt has left behind him, a large number of note and soi'ap-books, crammed with curious incidents culled from the columns of the Press generally. What a treasure for a budding dramatist. My own mouth waters at the bare thought of it, 1 can assure you. [Next week's instalment will consist of '* Stolen Plats."J 