Miscellaneous. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Queen presented two cradles to the Duchess of York. One is mahogany, inlaid with gold, and is upholstered iu pale green brocade, flowered in pink. The other is the bassinette which was used for all the Queen's children, and bears a silver inscription to that effect. It is of white wood, and is fitted with white satiu and Honiton lace, the Royal baby was inundated with presents, including any number of quilts, and an embroidered net for keeping the Hies from his face. When only a wfeek old the infant was taicen into me garaen. ine Dapusmai water was brought for the purpose froin the Jordan. The Duchess of Teck is the only living member of the Royal family who attained the dignity of a grand mother under 60. TheDuke of York laid the memorial -stone of thenew Cripplegate Institute in Golden-lane, for the erection of which the Charity Commissioners made a grant of £40,000.' The boy-King of Spain has been provided with a costly toy in the shape of a juvenile i-egiment. Four hundred children, ranging in age from 5 to 8, have been gathered and provided with miniature rifles and a uniform. The King amuses himself by drilling the baby battalion. The Americans are placing a memorial window to the poet John Keats in Hampstead Parish Church. They are also providing the memorial beacon to Tenuyson in the Isle of Wight A. Caxton window has been placed in the Stationers' Hall. The Midland Railway Company now run a dining car in their Scotch expresses for the ]'oint use of third- class and first-class Passengers. The Great Western now run corridor, warns between London and Swansea. . &. train is now tun on the Great Eastern from Chelrnsford to the North of England to form an outlet for Esilx /fruit arid .^egietables, which have hitherto been*ii6rit : jfiwely to the London ' markets. }' ..*: The Queen's breeding stffu-atHfimpton Court has bfieu disposed of byauctiofl, Uft:t6 horse3 realising an average of rather over 200 guineas each, one bolt fetching 1050 guinea?. „ '? At a sale of pictures belonging to the late Mr. Adrian Hope, Rembrandt's portrait of Nicholas Euts eojd for 4700 guineas : the 'Flute Player,' l-y Gerald Dou, went for 3500 guineas; the 'Head of a Girl.' by Greuze, 2900 guineas; and a ' Wiid Boar Hunt,' by Ruben 3, 1660 guineas. The small trinkets belonging to the paupers who. die in the. Holborn Union are melted down yearly. The melting process has just taken place, and pro^ duced a.bar of gold worth about £40. An electric railway will run to the summit of Snowdon on the Llauberis side. The whole of the esplanade at Hastings, a distance of three miles, is now lighted by electricity. . Recent statistics show that single women between \- the ages cf 15 and Ah are really less numerous than the bachelors of that age. Old women are, however, much more numerous than old men. A single woman, 9ged 22, appeared before a London magistrate and a6ked for the bounty to which she was entitled from having been born in prison. She had recently been informed that a lord left a will by which every child born in prison was entitled to a farthing a day during life, and which would make her entitled to 8000 farthings. The magistrate informed the appb'caut that he had never heard of such a bequest. The latest thing in automatic machines is an automatic gallows. The condemned criminal steps upon a certain, place in the' scaffold. His weight releases a flow of water,, which releases a spring, which in its turn permits the drop to fall. Thirty ?four executions 1 ave taken [place by its means in 'Colorado, btitihe people of Connecticut object to its introduction on the ground' that the State has ns :right to make a raau commit suicide. Some boys bathing at Kukwall noticed a whale coining towards them. One lad made for the shore, and, procuringhis pocket-knife, fatally stabbed the whale, which, on being hauled ashore, was found to measure 8ft. ... Bees in thousands invaded a confectionery manu factory in the North of London, causing the work people to beat a retreat. In a short time the insects got hopelessly drunk on the liquid sugar, and were swept into pails. If hot rolls are indigestible, they, it seems, are not without their redeeming points. A Russian investi gator declares that new and uncut bread i3 free from the disease-producing microbes which find the cut loaf an excellent breeding ground. The silkworm is in some daDger of being super seded. Artificial silk is actually being produced at Bradford from very ordinary fibre, the process having been discovered by a Swiss chemist. A male somnambulist had a narrow escape at Preston. He was observed by a signalman in the dead of the night walking along the line m his sleeping attire. At first the man was thought to be a ghost, but on coming near he was found to be fast asleep and snoring soundly. The Supreme Court of Virginia has given a de cision allowing women to practise law, which the Legislature had persistently declined to permit. A man in France is said to be 126 years old. He accounts for his longevity by the privations of his youth, followed in after-life by abstinence from in toxicating liquors and other excesses of all kinds. A Parliamentary return shows that last year 50.89S persons in Great Britain returned their in comes under £150 per annum; from £lf-0 to £200, 164.928 were assessed; £200 to £300,^111,715 ; 3()0 to £400, 48,238 ; £400 to £500, 79,583 ; £900 to £1000, '2195 ; 71 individuals were reported to be in the enjoyment of £50,000 a year and upwards. A clerk to a ' London omnibus company has been sent to gaol for 15 months for pilfering' money from the conductors' bags. Money had been missed for some time, and before the actual thief could be de tected some 20 conductors had been dismissed on suspicion of dishonesty. A man broke into a church at Ealing-green. After packing up the Communion-plate ready for removal, be drank half-a-bottle of sacramental wine. Enveloping himself in a cassock he fell asleep, in which condition he was discovered when the care taker arrived next morning. An Austrian is said to have invented a motor bicycle which will travel from 25 to 50 miles an hour. Fears are entertained for the safety of the Peary Arctic expedition. Last winter was unusually severe in Greenland, and it is thought that any attempt to reach the Pole this year will prove disas trous. At an International Athletic Congress held in Paris, a committee was appointed to report on the possibility of reconstituting the Olympian games on a modern basis. Upon opening the guard's van when a train reached Crewe from Loudon, a boa constrictor, 15ft. in length, was seen coiled up on the guard's seat. It had been consigned in a box to a naturalist in Liverpool, and had effected its escape. A party of miners in Shanghai accidentally came upon an ancient shaft, which had been closed since a great calamity occurred 403 years ago. They discovered 170 of the former workers lying just where they had been overcome four centuries back. The corpses were not in the least decayed, and looked as fresh as if death had taken place only a few hours. The Americans are erecting a gigantic hotel in the ocean. It will be called ' Atlantis.' It will be 18 miles off Sandy Hook, and it is being built on cylinders. A man aged 72 not long since attended an old folks' tea seated between his father and mother. A lady who died a few mouths Bince, aged 100, left a daughter in her 73rd year. 