Essayist. / - 'FISHER'S GHOST AGAIN. (By Alwvn Baraks.) At Rookdalo lately tho hand of death foil on Mrs. Marry Hunnan, tho last actor in .tho world-famous story of Fishcr'B Ghost. ' Sovcnty ycara ago, this lady was then a child of thirteen ycara. It ia not goncrally known that it waa .tho ! quick oyo of littlo Mary that first doteoted I tho murderor of Old Fisher, whoso sudden , disappearance go startled and porploxcd tho pionecro in tho wild bush uround tho quiot old town of Catnplctown, that now so olcopUy livo* on in ita undisturbed carcor among tho frowning hilLs of that pretty district. 1 But no it wag. Hor voico it v/aa that first drow tho attention of a local trooper to tho | murderer. ? And although covouty ycara havo since pawed,': tho oveiibj wero quito vivid in in her memory' and alio eloarly related them only a few weoUs beforo sho died. How Fisher's Ghost haa puzzled with ' bowildermont . both tho credulous and tho 'incredulous- is a matter of history,1 as tho spcctro alternately took its midnight or q11 □ight vigils on bridgo or- fence or in . mid stream, according to its humour, near tho spot that kopt tho Becrot and the viotlm of that dcoply planned and cold blooded mur der. 4 It waa tho opottcd calf skin waistcoat that did it,' Baid Mrs. Hannan, when speaking of tho ovent a fow weeks sinoo. It appears that Old Fiehor had owned a pot calf, which dicd-~*Hn only a few months old, and thatanodd \,uim of Fishoi's promp ted him to 'havo tho sldn tanned and mado up into a vest, which ho always afterwards woro, on wcokdaya and Sundays. Tho skin wao beautifully marked with curioua opoto, and aa Fiohor was novor scon out without thia articlo of attiro on, ho at tained asort of notority bccauso of it, in tho distriot. That thio rather cocontrio old man waB micscd suddenly, and that hio reported trip to England for. a timo silenced all enqu rios as to hia ab3onco, aro foots well known. But how suspicion, nover wholly lulled, was re vived and finally resolved into tho conviotion of tho murderer I do not think aro cowoU known. It camo about in this way. Tho' shrewd child remarked that it waa a strange thing that tho young man. who waa reported to bo loft in chargo of Fisher's farm ohould always wear thio vest of * many colors.' A trooper to whom oho used theso words thought thero might bo comothing in thom. J5ut a uay or co ottcrwaroo, ceioro no naa mado up his mind what to do, a man startled tho neighborhood by assorting that ho had scon a Ghost standing on tho old bridgo, and pointing dovra into tho crcok with its right hand. And strango to cay it was drcssod liko Fiohor, oven to tho shotted calf skin vest. Again and again waa it asserted that tho Ghost wao seen in that vicinity, but in differ ent places and in different attitudes and it always pointed to tho water below. Black trackcrs woro brought on tho scone ond patches of blood v/oro found whioh woro asserted to bo tho .blood of a whito man. And after roveral dayo of searching tho body of old Fisher waa found near tho spot indi cated by tho Ghost. But tho first to direct attention to tho Ghost ond tho murderer was Mary, who after wards bccamo tho wifo of David Hannan, and a fow weeks ago passed peacefully away at tho ripo ago of 83 years. Mary was tho first whito child born in Camden and outlived all others who had to do with tho Fisher incident. 