1 €rumb0. Hot. Fires. Patriots. Early history. Encampments. Bioycle thieves. Conflicting rights. The Ishmaelite sold. Evil lnrks in ceorecy. Complaining tenant*. Orotava off to London. Cyclists on their guard. No English new* to day. Burns at 100° in the shade. Unemployed drafting laws. What & row abont a turban. Thebarton tired of its name. Decapitating the Civil Service. Last three nighu of " Oindera." Napoleon's ghost still appearing. Sootties in great form to- morrow. Bike-stealers doing a roaring trade. Barometer at X o'clook to-day, 29"80. First rate ghost of Napoleon on show. Semaphore Rotunda Conoert to- night. Small fire at North Adelaide yesterday. The Militia will go into camp at Easter. How many ghosts ean old Boney trot out ? Colonel Gordon making the best of a little. " Soots wha hae" at the next Continentals, Burnsand Cinders remind oneof the weather. Why is eeoreoy synonymous with democracy ? Mr. A. T. Saunders is altogether too sarkuitic. When are the lamps on the Glenelg Jetty to be lit? Four tons of bonus butter going away. oo-day. A programme of hard work for our troop* at Easter. Brilliant pyrotechnio display above Mitcham. Why are Unionists afraid of the light of publicity ? No Continental* to-night. Postponed till to-morrow. Colonel Gordon an ardent believer in encampments. The greatest magician can't draw blood from a stone. Speed of trains at the Port not to excaod 12 miles an hour. What has become of tbe idea for* Military Cycling Corps? Of course the Chief will sport a Irilt on Thursday night. Too hot for ratepayers to take any in bereft tn another Oval. The Labour party don't particularly care for the defence foroe*. Boom values have been perhaps the greatest ourse of the oolony. Special rate of threepence on Brighton rate* payers for the jetty. Will the new Actuary be able to discharge tbe duties of two offices? Kingston and Playford are jutt the men to wield the pruning knife. The new Actuary of the Friendly Societies is to receive £400 a year. The land alone looked to for a eolation of the out-of-work difficulty. Professor Lowrie and Dr. Cookburn should try and be friends to-day. Hurry up, with a substantial scheme ot relief for the unemployed. South Australian Company's legal position to be oloeely enquired into. Mr. G. Duffield the new President of the Port Adelaide Trades Oounoil. Tom Playford's heart touched fay the affection of two bats. Good old Tom. - Greatest gathering of tb& olans in Highland costume at to-morrow's Continentals. When the diplomacy of the Democrat* savours much of dorknets, beware of ik Sun rose at 5.14 a.m.; sets at 7.12 p.m. Moon set at 7-44 a.m.; rise* at 9.15 p.m. Dc. Cockburn and a few other Parliamentarians visiting the Agricultural College. Pleasing early reminiscences of the great Tyndall by our old friend John Tidmanh. If there's to be a war scare, it shonld come along while Sergeant Kingston is Premier. Who would think of celebrating Burns' birthday without a wee drap o' barley bice? Individualistic A»h giving the Labour party beans over the village- settlement-proposala. Wealthy colonist* will do well to give praotioal enoonragemeat to the colony's defenders. Y.M.C.A. to be entertained by Mr. David Murray on Burnt night. No whisky, thongh. What tales the Globe Tavern, Dumfries, oould it npeak, oould tell of bygone Jannary 25ths. " Whoever heard of a farmer being paid 6s. a day for clearing his own land?" Aye, aye, Mr. Ash. Grainger excluded from the Labour members' Conference, after going all the way to Sydney to attend it. He is a bold, brave. Civil Servant who will consent to be Actuary under the Friendly Sooieties Act. Mrs. Mary Lee " insists on being governed by those who are morally and intellectually worthy to govern." Hon. Dr. Magarey smiling his best smile over the receptions a coord ed to Mr. H. S. Anthony's circular. Freezing works —South-Easterners warm about them. Sort of weather to make people enthusiastic thereat. If demooraoy is government for tbe people, it ought not to be afraid to let the people know what it is doing. Mr. J. H. Sinclair, Mr. J-. W. Ohatraon, and Mr. Frank Farrow deeerve congratulations on their new service of song. Praying for Parliaments of Australia is a great undertaking, aad calls for the faith which removes mountains. Kapunda's Patrick a oandidate for the North-Eastern Dietriot. T'other Patrick— Glynn—not likely to stand, . It may interest some knockabouts in tbe City to know that there are at present only IIS boarder* in the Adelaide GaoL Only nineteen women out ot the 113 prisoners at the Adelaide Gaol. When doei woman's equality with man come in ? Everybody agree* that the cost of Government in the oolony U twice a* expensive- a* it onght to be with our small population. In any village settlement schema the Government are bound to consider the trial* of the bona fide Bottlers already on the land. " Hem, Land o' Cakes, and (wither Bootk, frae Maidenkirk to Johnnie Groat*,'' do honour to the Ayrshire lad on Thursday night. When land value* are " boomed," those who are bitten naturally try to get as mnoh baok again as possible. And thus arise high rate* of interest and rent. Such price* have been given for the share* in the South Australian Company that the nominal dividend of 13 per oenk means only £4 8s. 2d. per cent, in some case*. Burns's birthday celebration at Thnnday's Continentals. The Caledonia* Society, with Mr. F. Basse's assistance, will do great thing* at the Continental* on Thursday. John Kenihan, a butoher, while bathing in the Torrens, got entangled in the weed* and was drowsed. A companion (Hobba), had a narrow escape from a similar fate. A Port lumper, having the use of a oouple of allotments, is reported to have sold early tomatoes to the value of £20 tbis season. Didn't occupy spare time in holding up hotel corners. Mr. Lum<den, who is to play the accompaniments on Thursday at the Sootoh gathering, i« a eon of Mr. James Lumsden the well-known Edinburgh vocalist, and only arrived here ten da>s ago. " In my time I have been in soma, of th* very hottest places on the earth's surface, but never in my life have I felt the beat like I did in your oity on Monday ; it wa* something terrific."—Mr. J. Inglis, of Sydney, Tbe Labour Ministry is bringing down the pay of the Civil Service, and the Labour mem- , bers applaud ; but if a private employer, in consequence of bad time, hint* at such a thing, they are all shocked beyond expression, "The essenoe of a thousand lov* tales" are in the one stanza—' Had we never loved so kindly. Had we never loved so blindly, Never met, or never parted, W* had ne'er been br< ken-hearted. 