Great Irishmen. OLIVER GOLDSMITH. From "Houbb With Great Irishmen/1 By Justin Huntlt McCarthy. No. XV. TbayelIjEB8 delight in wandering over the surface of the world insearch of ruins and the sentiments Which the sight of ruinB gives: rise to.' In the words in] which Schiller's soldier of fortune describes the followers of Wallenstein, " they are, < like the wind's blast, ever-resting homeless," and they " storm across the war-convulsed earth " in perpetual pursuit of decay,'find all the phantom1 dreams decay can generate. They will stand spell-bound en the plain of Argos and watch the eagle wheel his fierce flight through the keen air which once gleamed with the leaping flames that bounded from hill",to hill, and shore to. shhre, tp awaken, an i^w^nng^flameip the eyes of tlyteipnestra; (They will sigh by the stunted columns of earliestDpriomould, which are all that remain of the glories of Corinth, and will envy even plundering, blundering Mummius the sight which, the qtieenly city presented to his scornful, con qtiOring; Boman eyieB. They will stand en tranced at mdbpligKt in1 the' long Hall'of the Kings at Kdruak; iaiid heedless of the hushed lapse of the sacfedriver or the cry of the jackals in the plain beyond the mouldering ■ walls, ■ or the Anglo-Arabic chatter of the donkey boys; will piece to gether those ruined .monuments, and peo ple the regenerated aiBles with the stupen dous Bhadows.of mummied Egypt. They will feed their fantastic thoughts with fallen columns and shattered obelisks and crumblingj #rches .and the wind swept soli tudeof deserted halls, 'end sumipdn in those gaunt spaces more spirits from the vasty deep than ever Glendower boasted to have at his command, and, more fortunate than Glendower, will find the thin shades obedient. And yet there are times and places when they will experience a greater sense of solitude, a more awful ■ consciousness of' the loneliness of life, of swift destruction and-of inevitable change in some thronged, populous place, some buildings which the restless, restoring hands of man have never suffered to fall into decay, where men's voices never cease to echo, and the hurrying footsteps, of man never die away into silence. Such a spot—more melancholy in its brisk variety, more ghost-haunted in all its crowded beehive activity of life than Corinth or Katnak, is the agglomeration of halls and houses, cloisters and courts and libraries which is known to all the world as the Temple of the Thames. A great ^ poet has sought to paint the sense of solitude thus:— "The palace that to Heaven bis pillars threw, And kings his forehead on his threshold drew; I saw the solitary ringdove there, And ' Coo, coo, coo,' she cried, and ' Coo, coo, coo.'" But the plaint of the loneliest bird in "the loneliest place has not a more pathetic music than the ebbing, flowing, never silent sea of human noise which surges all day and every day through the walkB and ways of the Temple. There are fewer ghosts in the hollows of the Alban Hills than within its humming, jostling liberties. Of all the ghosts that go so thickly through the Temple, flitting silently side by side with the restless, breathing, busy genera tion now quick within its walls, one phan tom is most familiar and most famous the phantom of a kindly, impulsive presence ; of a noble nature, shining starlike through sordid surroundings and the squalidest trials and tribulations; of one on whom the curse of Swift had fallen, in that he was a -man of genius and an Irishman — the genial, gentle, glorious ghost of Oliver Goldsmith. " Dr. Goldsmith," said his most famous friend of the man who was then lying in the Temple earth, "Dr. Goldsmith was wild, sir, but he is so no more." This epi taph lias been quoted a thousand times, but it must in no sense be taken as a sum ming up of the dead man's career. It was a just rebuke rightly and wisely addressed to the critic who at such a moment could find heart or inclination to say that Oliver Goldsmith had been wild. Dr. Johnson, who uttered the rebuke, put the same thought even more profoundly in a letter addressed to Bennett Langton shortly after Goldsmith's death. In this letter^ he an nounces Goldsmith's death, mentions his " folly of expense," and concludes by say ing, " but let not bis frailties be remem bered; he was a very great man." The words are more impressive than the labored magniloquence of the Greek epitaph which Johnson wrote on Goldsmith. The writings of Oliver Goldsmith are distinguished in the literature of the Eng lish language, and, indeed, in the litera ture of the world, by their sweet, pure humor, fresh and clear and sparkling as a, fountain whose grassy edges the satyr's hoof have never trampled, by their tender humanity and gentle charity, by the nobility of their lesson, a nobility only heightened by the intense vital sympathy with the struggles and sorrows and errors of mankind. A new St. Martin of Letters, he is ever ready to share his mantle pity with the sad and the sinning. He had himself suffered so much, and been so tempted and tested, and had retained through all his trials so much of the serenity of a child, that all. his writings breathe compassion for frailty and failure, and something of a schoolboy sense ^ of brotherhood which sweetens even his satire. The flaihes of London's fiery furnace had blazed and raged about him, but he passed through them uhconsumed; their scorching breath never seared his soul, their fierce heat bad no power to dry his heart or brain. The age in which he lived was hot an age of exalted purity; the City wherein he abode was scarcely saintly- He dwelt in ■ some of the mosfc evil dftys of the eighteenth* century, but his writings and his life es caped pollution. Through all the weltering horror of Hogarth's London we seem to see him walk with something of the sylvan freshness of his boyhood still shining on his face; the reflection of the Irish skies is. too bright upon his eyes to let them be dimmed by the . squalor and shame of a squalid and shameful city. With the true instinct ,of his fine nature he made his friends amongst the bes^ and noblest of his, time ; his intimates and com panions were, first dhd foremOBt, his great countryman, Edrndnd Bitike, jahd1 the rough, truO-heArted moralist, - physically and' mentally gigantic,' '-Dr. Jqhhsoh,And he'oh whose burning tohjjue truth, peace, and freedom hunfc," mad 5the higb>-mindBd painter Who has preserved torus all that • glittoring xestlkss ^orlddf lovely wOmSn and brilliant men, and in the background the opiniated, clever, hypocondriac, vene rating little Laird of Aughinleck taking his notes on his great man's aphorisms and smiling to himself when Dr. Goldsmith, in one of his transient flashes of peevishness, protests against being addressed as " Goldy," even by the ingenious author of "Rasselas," the esteemed Dr. Johnson. He had women friends, too, as wisely chosen as the men, women who were kind to him and admired him, women whose kindness and admiration were worth the winning, women who brightened and soothed a life that was darkened and vexed enough. Mary Hor neck and her sister were the stars of his life—his heroines, his idols, his ideals. Sweet Mary Horneck he has made immor tal as the Jessamy Bride." In the dark hours of his poverty he was cheered by the thought of her, while he lived he worshipped her, and when he died a lock of his hair was taken from his coffin and given to her. Thackeray tells a touch ing little story of the Jessamy Bride. She lived long after the death of the man of genius who adored her, lived well into the Nineteenth Century; and "Hazlitt saw her an old lady, but beautiful still, in Northcote's painting room, who told the eager critic how proud she always was that Goldsmith had admired her." Well she might be. No poet ever conferred a serener immortality upon the mistress of his songs than Goldsmith gave to the Jessamy Bride; no woman had the happiness to be loved by a sweeter, or a simpler child of genius. Goldsmith was a companionable being, and loved all company that was not vicious and depraved. He could be happy at the club in the society of the great thinkers and teachers and wits of the time ; he could be more than happy at Barton in the en chanted presence of the fair Mary and her sister; but he could be happy, too, in far humbler fellowship. " I am fond of amuse ment," he declares, in one of his most delightful essays, " in whatever company it is to be found ; and wit, though dressed in rags, is ever pleasing to me." There was plenty of wit dressed in rags drifting about the London of that day. Men of genius slept on bulkheads and beneath arches, and starved for want of a guinea, or haunted low taverns, or paced St. James' Square all night in impecunious couples for sheer want of lodging, cheering each other's eupperless mood with political conversation and declarations that let come what might come they would never desert the Ministry. But Goldsmith unearthed men of genius whose names nobody ever heard of, and made merry with them, and studied them, and transferred them to his pages for us to make merry withal more than a century after Goldsmith has fallen asleep. We must suspect that Goldsmith never really found those wonderful beggars he chro nicles. He is not their discoverer as Columbus discovered America 5 he is their inventor as the fancy of poets invented the Fortunate Islands. Goldsmith's " Strolling Player " is as real as Richard Savage, with whom he was contemporary, and it must be admitted that he is a more presentable per sonage. What a jolly philosophy is his about the delights of beggary, it has all the humor of Rabelais, with no smack of the Touraine grossness ; all the wisdom of the Antonine, only clad in homespun—and somewhat tatterpd homespun, too—instead of the imperial purple. " Oh, the delights of poverty and a good appetite! We beggars are the very fondlings of nature; the rich she treats like an arrant step* mother, they are pleased with nothing; cut a steak from what part' you will, and it is unsupportably tough; dress it up with pickles, and even pickles cannot procure them an appetite. ' But the whole creation is full of good things for the beggar; Cal vert's butt out-tastes champagne, and Sedgeley's home-brewed excels Tokay. Joy* joy, my blood ! : Though our estates lie nowhere, we have fortunes Wherever we go! If an. inundation sweeps away half the grounds of C0rnw4.ll t am content I have no' lands there ; if the stocks sink, that gives me no uneasiness—I, ani no Jew. Was ever the philosophy bf contentment more merrily tor mtore whbUSieally expressedP A whole toynod of sages ksould hot formulate a athMha in! praise of poverty- that shonld be half so impressive i;as>"<the contagions humor of this light-hearted merriment* Tjie. strolling player hap, the,best of-the 'fchfc' 1» Iim' it be is spedldhg with thfe persuasive magic of: the tongue of Oliver Goldsmith. * i-.w :. ■ The' same pervading cheerfulness, the same sunny philosbphy, which' is,' however, by no ipeans Panglpssian, pervades #11 his worit. Beau Tibbs ^boasting in his garret, Dr. Primrose in Newgate, the GoodNatured MCh seated betweehtwo bailiffs, add trying . to .'cdnverse'with his'heart's: idol-as if noth ing :had happened.:: Mr. Hhrdcaatleioiled for, the five hppdredth time, inrtho, tale, of " Old Grouse in the Gtm-rpom," are each in their own ,way excellent examples of Gold smith's'method and 'Goldsmith's manner. If Goldsmith did' not enjoy while he lived all.the honor, &11 thejadmiration. all the_re wards; that belonged of right to his genius, the four generations that have succeeded to birri have amply made amends for the errors of their ancestors."'"She iStoops'to Con quer" is still the most successful of stock comedies, and a rfsingactress seldom misses the chance of appearing in it. " The Good Natured itfan" still keeps the stage, pnd is a nOver-failing delight to thb student in his closet. What satires are better known than the letters of: the "Citizen of the World? " 'What spot on the map is more familiar than " Sweet Auburn," whose essays are more deserving of study for the easy grace and beauty of the style ? As for the' " Vicar of Wakefield," what words could be added to its praise that would not be profitless. It has taken possession of the world, it is dear to every country, and known in overy lan guage ; it has assumed its place by an un questionable right with the masterpieces of all time, and theiiundred best books would be an odd assemblage, indeed, which did not include the deathless story of Dr. Primrose and his sons and daughters. The memory of Oliver Goldsmith is still green in the place of his birth. In Bally mahon, in the pleasant reading-room of the local library, there stands a bronze statu ette, a graceful reproduction in littlc of the famous figure in College Green, of the great author who was a child of the soil. . Like many gi;eat men of genius Goldsmith sleeps afar from the scenes of bis boyhood. He lies in an Nngiish churchyard. The noise and rattle and roar of a great city rave about his grave; of a great city which has grown and swollen and extended its limits, and multiplied its population out of all re semblance to that lesser London where Goldsmith lived and was loved, and dunned and starved, and sorrowed for. If Gold smith's ghost could, indeed, as I have fan cied, visit again the scenes of his hardly used manhood he would feel like a stranger in a strange land. Over in the place of his birth, time has moved a gentler measure. Many generations of summers have glided, many generations of winters have softly silvered the same pleasant Longford mea dows over which his childish feet wandered, across which his childish eyes gazed at their wildest into the cloud-girdled horizon where he saw sights and read secrets which other eyes could neither see nor study. Alike in the feverish metropolis and in the tranquil country his memory is honored. But if his hones sleep in alien earth his true monu ment, his real resting-place, is in the hearts of his countrymen. 