NEE3DJLES: "Shorb, Sharp, Shiny." A Taking Complaint. " My dear madam, you are suffering from a severe attack of kleptomania; you must take something for it." "I do, doctor; anything that comes within my reach, hut it does not cure me." Cool. Cloudy. Anarchy. Cyclorama. Continentals. Sudden death. Rifle matohes. Grocers' pionic. Boxing in Berth. Crime in Sydney. Napoleon's ghost. Record breaking. A railway fatality. Charitable concert. 'Postal Conference; Crucifying a witch. Anarohy in Europe. A village settlement. The Liedertafel at sea. Fatal explosion in Paris. The Lords still stubborn. Death from heart disease. Serious burning accident. Superstition in Hungary. An indignant Assembly. Destructive fire at Nhill. Hospital board indignant. "The Squatter's Pardon." Water struck at Oodnadatta. The "confidence" trick again. Narrow escape at Broken Hill, ( Coal difficulty practically over. Plattsburg tributers on strike. Alleged nuisance,at Tiiebarton. Narrow escape from drowning. " Babble, bounce, and bunkum." Point Pierce natives want a vote. Economy in the lighthouse service. Burnett's death sentence commuted. Last " Continental" but one to-night. Sunday concerts in Sydney suppressed. Eighteen Anarchists arrested in France. "Dick" Whittington's benefit on Friday. Sydney constables rewarded for bravery. A law clerk accused of contempt of court. General Bureaugard died on February 21, 1893. The " Treasury Riot" occurred on March 1, 1S70. Port Pirie blockers have held a successful show. • There are still 60 men on the Angipena gold fields. The French in Africa have slaughtered 100 Arabs. A threatened difficulty in the Melbourne boot trade. A splendid programme at to-morrow's Town Hall concert. Morphettville yearlings leave for Melbourne on Thursday. The Bentley-Webster conoerts commenoe on Monday next. Two wellsinkers injured through an explo sion of dynamite. New Jerusalem Church founded in South Australia in 1844. The recent rain in West Australia did not reach Coolgardie. Many happy returns of the day to the member for Frome. Another rioh shoot of stone has been struok at Bayley's Reward. • The Liedertafel enjoyed a short life on the ocean wave last night. The Bible Christian Church established in South Australia in 1850. Burnett's death sentence has been commuted to 15 years' imprisonment. The Northern Territory is in the Church of England diocese of Sydney. Eive oz. of gold have been purchased at Angi pena during the past fortnight. Congregational Union's first minister (the Rev. T. Q. Stow) landed in 1837. Water has been struck in the artesian bore at Oodnadatta at a depth of 1,417 ft. Mr. JameB Blatehford preached the first j Bible Christian sermon at the Burra. The Victorian Government characterised as one of "babble, bounce, and bunkum." New Jerusalem Church, situated in Hanson street, cost £1,0S0 and is free from debt. Mr. Hindle is getting himself disliked by his fellow-legislators in New South Wales. A trip to Paris and up the Rhine starts from the Exhibition Gardens this evening. Mr, L. O'Loughlin, M.P., was bom at Salisbury, South Australia, on February 21, 1854\. - The new wing of the Adelaide Hospital is to be handed over to the authorities in three weeks. "Dick" Whittington's benefit at the Theatre Royal on Friday promises to be a great success. Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted foun tain still form a great attraction at the Cyclorama. Don't forget the concert in aid of the dis tressed women anc^ children in the Town Hall to-morrow evening. One hundred and thirty students enrolled! yesterday on the resumption of work at the Sohool of Mines and Industries. The first Congregational Union Chapel was partly built by the pastor (the Rev. T. Q, Stow) and was situated on North-terrace. A member of the New South Wales As sembly characterised his fellow-members as " Notorious drunken blaokguards." The Rev. G. E. Rowe is going to lecture on "Fireside Stories" before the members of the Commercial Travellers ahd'Warehousemen's Association. Strange ! Mr. O'Loughlin, senior member for Frome, was born on February 21, and Mr. Giles, junior member for the same distriot, on February 22. Several mislaid addressed newspapers have been discovered during some alterations at the General Post-Office, London, and after 27 years' detention have been forwarded to their destination. The Queen's Christmas presents to her do mestioshave always consisted of some piece of silver plate of their own ohoosing up to a certain value. The present is still given with the "best wishes of the Queen and Prince Consort." A lady examining a Sunday-school class about Dives and Lazarus asked whether it was not very bad not to give the crumbs to Lazarus. Of course they all said "Yes," but one little girl demurred—"Perhaps, ma'am, he kept chickens." A preliminary statement has been issued by the Board' of Agriculture of the estimated produce of wheat, barley, and oats in Great Britain during 1893. The total produoe of wheat is estimated at 49,247,297 bushels, as compared with 58,660,932 bushels in; 1892: barley at 59,535,377, as against 70,484,597 ; and oats at 112,887,379, compared with 116,294,9 in the previous year. Recent exoavations at Sakhara, in Egypt, have brought to light a wall painting in which two men are playing oheBS in the time of King Teta, whose reign Professor Brugsohputs at the year 3300 B.C. . The game evidently is thou sands of years older than has been supposed. It has been supposed to have been introduced into India from Persia by the Arabs in the sixth century A. D. 