Shades of the Fast. .. MITTAGONG. A correspondent writes : Twenty minutes1 for refreshments was in years gone by a. welcome' notice to half ^stifled, hungry and thirsty travel' lers, as the express train ran into Mittagong Rail way Station; but bow some of the hungry and thirsty travellers look out upon thegloomy build' ings, dimly lighted, and heave a heavy 6igh aa they think of days that are gone. Others, mor-s daring, rush from the lighted saloon into the outer darkness and are confronted by th« ghost of the past, which warns them that if they venture too far seeking to quench their thirst the darkness will be more intense ou their return. It is very amusing to watch tliS countenances of the disappointed ones as they silently resume their seats and resign themselves to their fate. Watches are consnlied, and anxious inquiries made to knotv how niany minutes will elapse before the welcome lights of the refresh ment rooms at Moss Vale will loom in sight. Pondering on days which have gone, memory brings back the great banquet held -in the Mittagong refreshment room under the auspices of the members and supporters of the Liberal Association in. the district, when some of the prominent representatives ef that body eloquently proved to their own satisfaction that they were the regenerators of the world. Some are relegated to private life and solitude, and others cannot understand why their burning words produced so little effect. I well remember one would-be eloquent M.L.A. as he rose to de liver the speech which had evidently been very carefully prepared, beaming upon the audience through his gold pince-nez, solemnly commencing ' You all know, friends, that the word * liberal' is derived from the Latin word 'libertas,'' which had such an effect unon Ma hearers that they all lost self-control and found liberty to laugh most uproariously. He then proceeded to scatter his h's in all directions, and they alighted upon, every imaginable word. It was a picture to see how the genial, cultured Soothey, whose school at that time was so popular at Mittagong, enjoyed the fun, a sight never to be forgotten. These days are gone, and Mitta gong reminds one of Goldsmith's deserted village, but why the long range of empty buildings'is allowed to remain in all its gloom none bit a railway commissioner can explain. The paralysis has extended to the industries in and around Mittagong. A most valuable property, the Box Vale Colliery, is idle. It is said that the former owners spent £60,000 in opening up the mine and laying down 4i miles of railwayi^Government gaue:e — supplying winding engine and gear, loco motive and all the plant necessary to carry out the work. I was informed that there 580 acres of freehold land with abundance of the best coal . for coke making in the colony. There* is much, talk about co-operation. Why do not the miners co-operate to develop the re sources of this mine, seeing that everything is ready to their hands. Doubtless the Government, wnich says it has such deep sympathy with the unemployed, or the Railway Commissioners would render valuable aid. The milk industry, which was of great importance to Mittagong, when fos tered by the late T. S. Mort, has dwindled. One of the residents at Sutton Forest told me at the time that he received for the TniTfr from 30 to 40 cows about .£1000 a year. ' The Fresh Food and Ice Company paid 8d per gallon for pure milk, but ' much would have more.' The farmers became dissatis fied -with the price and deserted the company, with the result that the factory price is now from 2£d to 2^d per gallon. The hotels are virtually without visitors, and' everpthing appears to be under a cloud ; but with good soil, excellent views; and beautiful climate, Mittagong should again come to the front. The advent of a few fashionable members of Sydney society would soon revolution ise Mittagong- if they were to put their stamp upon it. ? ? 