SHREDS AND PATCHES. (By Argus.) ?UNEMPLOYED VAGABTES. Many tales indicative of the peculiari ties of individuals ? who go to make up the class known ' under the generic term of unemployed have been told from time to time, but one incident that occurred a few days back fairly takes the cake for consummate cheek. An applicant for work came to a cer- , tain official and pitched a pitiful yarn of the hardships he had had to endure, and the difficulty experienced in find- ' ing work. ' I have travelled the boots off my feetj sir, looking for a honest crust ; I am stone broke ; wife and family dependent upon me ; nothing. to eat, and my breakfast consisted in taking in a spare reef in my belt.1 Moved to compassion he was given a job on the roads a few miles out of town, and told to provide himself with a couple of hammers. ? But I have nary a hammer nor the price of one, and my credit is, exhausted.'* So 'a', couple of hammers were found, and he,. , was sent away rejoicing. Judge1 of the surprise occasioned when the day after next a bill came in for 5s cab hire for conveying the stone broker to his work. '^Retrenchment's in the air,' says the old song, but it beteenchmjent. no' longer dances airily in the azure, blue, for it has come home to lodge . with each and all of us. The latest ? caper that its vagaries are accountable for is the issue of a Ministerial mani festo to the effect that in future if Ministers go on a stumping tour_ through the colony they are supposed to ,' stump up,' and not put it down to ' contingencies. Worse ' than 'that, members of Parliament are no longer to be provided with messengers during the session, but will in future have to do their own errands, The permanent staff will no doubt be required to wait on Ministers, and unless members can .' press the Clerk of the House into the - servicei, or get the right side of the Sergeant at Arms they must, be their own 'Pompeys,' unless, indeed, they can; organise a volunteer staff from amongst their own number. There are at least half a dozen who, could l»e very, well spared, and who would thus find a; more suitable, if not a more congenial, occupation, and both the country and their colleagues would be the gainers. What with having to cart ; your newspaper to the central post-office, be your own errand boy, and 'having a sharp eye kept on your correspondence for illegal use of the frank, stamp, being a member of Parliament now adays is not what it used to be. The1 experiences of a photographer's assistant at an agri a haed cultural and pastoral day's woek; show are as a rule weird and varied. If he happens to be a trained acrobat or a Donald Dinnie so far as, proportions are concerned, the gentle exercise incidental to his duties may serve in .... keeping his muscular development, in thorough working order, but if he happens, to be a type of the every day sedentary young, man, the course ot gymnastics he finds himself com pelled to go through comes in the light of a painful surprise to him. There is at th.e present moment in a certain newspaper establishment of this city t he wreck of what was on the morn of . Longford Show Day a promising young fellow. In an unguarded moment he undertook to hold a gigantic bull merely to oblige a photographer while the ? said , photographer vainly endeavoured to get a life-like portrait of the animal. The wreck on being interviewed ' after the ball was over, ' explained to an interested congrega tion, of bucolics that he had never been tied i to the' sails of a windmill in motion, but after his experience with the bull he could just imagine what the sensation was like. I understand that ; the portrait when duly prepared revealed :- an , inexplicable creature, three parts bull and one part man, the two having in the course of their wrestling bout become hopelessly mixed. The photographer * spent hours in endeavouring to pick bits of the man out of the ' counterfeit presentment' of the bull, hutj from Jatestaccounts I understand he has given the task up as hopeless, and resolved to add the picture to his col lection of curios. . ,, . ' * That's the Q-uv'nor,Lord G-ormystun,' ' ' ' explained one farmer to A iAE^EE1' another at the recent bbbbd. Longford Show,' as the ; 'pair watched the vice regal party wending its way through the cattle sections. * He ^takesan in terest' in iigricultbore does the Guv'nori and says as we ortergo infor Kerry's. 'Kerry's?' queried the other as he removed a black 'nose-warmer' from his lips, ghat's ferry's ?'. 'Why Kerry's is:a very ^mall breed o' cattle as is pop'lar in Ireland where Lord G-ormystun comes from.' ? Very small cattle ?' exclaimed he of the ' nose warmer ' as ho surveyed the ample proportions of the Governor' with his eye. ' Small cattle eh — why Durham's and Hereford's ought to be more in his line.' They were two young farmers, and they had been attending place to ,a meeting held for the stow purpose of establishing cbeam. a creamery in their dis x trict. 'Wot rot that feller talked 'bout special places to keep cream in,' remarked one. 'I should just a liked 'im to 'ave a talk to the ol' ooman 'bout keeping milk and cream. She don't run the ol' man inter building expensive cellars or such tommy-rot ; no. She stores 'er cream safe under the bed, and yer can't whop it. ' 1:hey wece two little Scottsdale cherubs, and the dis the height pute was as'to the of height of affluence' to , AFPirUENOE. which their respective parents had- risen. ' My father's got four horses, two carts, a buggy, a beautiful house, and ma'has a. new silk dress,' proudly explained the taller of the two, as she raised her nasal appendage a few inches in the air. ' My fader's got three cows' and a whole lot of pigs,' boasted the smaller one, ' see dat now.' 'Pooh,' broke in the other, lmy father has a dozen cows, and sheep, and I am going to have a new hat for Sundays.' The last broadside silenced the little one for a' moment, but she returned to the battle gamely, and with the following, parting shot completely routed the enemy : — -' You may hab all dese tinge, you stuck-up pussy, but we got, a porkypine under our barn,* go home and tell your fader dat, now.' The proprietors of the French com mercial '?. paper of wheee's Port Louis, - ]\fauri launcebton. tius, have a decidedly hazy idea of the whereabouts of Launceston* T?ot years past, the paperji as been reaching the office of the Examiner bearing the following inscription : — ' Journal Lann ceston Examiner, Launceston,' - N'elle Zealand.' When England and France get to loggerheads, and the latter sends along her cruisers to acquire British territory in these southern seas, Laun ceston will be quite safe, providing the geographical knowledge of the French naval authorities is as limited as that of the compilers of the Mauritius Commercial Review. I am informed on very good authority ??..'..;'.., that our worthy ALDEBMANic. Mayor is- going to ; have another shot for municipal honours. Despite the broadcast assertion that he .will hot stand the ghost of a show to get in, R.H.P. is firmly convinced in; his own mind he is much more popular with the burgesses than the other side makes out. Well, I admire your pluck, Robert, my friend, but speaking personallys, although I think you a jolly good fellow in your private capacity, I would not have you as a civic representative 'at ' any price. You allowed yourself to be persuaded o'er much by the wrong party, and once let the citizens get the chance to put you out, mark my words they'll do it. H.J.D., some say, is not likely to stand again, a decidely wise resolve on his part, and a little bird whispers that his mantle is to descend either upon B. J. McKenzie or Leslie Jolly. The probabilities are that they would cast their lots with the clique— they might not do so, but still X have a lurking suspicion they would. Another gentleman is mentioned as likely to come out under the wing of Messrs Sutton and Co., but his name for the present is only mentioned under the breath. They say he used once to glory in a velveteen coatj but tha.t?s neither here nor there. Meanwhile the adherents of Father Abraham are out on the warpath and several good men are spoken of as likely to fight on the popular side. ?. V; Itfjou are suffering from' languor, debil ity, pimples, boils, catarrh, chronic sores aorof ula, or any disease arising : from im pure blood, take Ayer's Sawaparilla — ;the aafest and most economical of blood purifiers. : In these slap-dash, go-ahead times, many busy people have beetity not the leisure to wade the through a novel. In sotjl or wit. order to meet the diffi .?'..? culty and place novel reading within, the reach of the busiest, a London paper offers the following as a sample of 'a work to meet the times' :?— . . Chapter 1. . ?? ., . Lonely maiden on the beach. Chapter 2. Carried far beyond her roach. Chapter 3. Youth, who happens to come round, , Chapter 4. Saves the maid from being drowned._ Chapters. Now they are married, and yon may bet They sometimes wish they'd never met. The same journal has dug up from somewhere or other an ancient the following sample balIiAD of old-time poetry. It is entitled 'Ye Bal lade of Ladye Mary' :-~ My Ladye Mary awakes at morne, Aroused by a Maytin home Blowne at ye poBterne gates. She donneth garbe and'buokled shoon j Thene to ye donjon keape goes Boone To wrestle with ye plates. My Ladye Mary lights ye fy re As 'twere some caballystio pyre WhoBe flame muste notte go oute. She wafteth missiles at ye catte Who straightway hies him out of that With yawpe grewsome shoute. Thene with her fair and lovely armes, She worketh featlle toany charmes On which ho man may looke. Ye meate with culta and eke with slash She worketh deftlie into hash ; For Mary is ye cooke. 