Religions. Some Aspects of Primitiva Christianity. SEBMON BY THE Ten. Archdeacou Gnntlier, M.A. PREACHED LAST SUNDAY MORNING, AT 8T. JOHN'S, DARLINGHUB8T. ON BEHALF. OF THE CHUBOH 600IETY. And they continued steadfastly in the ApoBtlea* doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking oi bread, and in prayers.—Acts ii., 42. There are several characteristics of Christianity, whioh we do well to constantly remember. First, it based on facts, well attested faots in the life of the historic Ohrist—Son of God, and Son of Man. Seoondly, it works from within, and produces a distinot change of character and oonduct. There is first the natural, then the spiritual. Thirdly, it is for the whole, human family, and in this it is unique. It satisfies the longings of all who accept it It demands the complete submission of our wills, and implicit obedienoe to the teachings of Christ. Fourthly, it prepares for the perfection of blessedness in the great hereafter. Its successes are very wonderful, when you think of its early beginnings ; and in this Book of the Acta, you have some beautiful aspects of its history and beginnings. Here is a picture of the primitive and apostolic church. It was founded on the day of Pentecost. What a manifestation there was on that day of the power and influence of the Holy Ghost! The ohurch with its hundred and twenty members had such an addition made to it, that it became a church with three thousand souls, alive to God, having aocepted Ohrist as the centre of their affections and the guide and oompanion' of their lives. They were admitted on their profession of repentanoe and faith by the sacrament of Ohrist's appointment—holy baptism —and diligently used all the means of grace. I.—They attended to the teachings of the ApostleB. The disciples received the doctrines taught by the ApostleB, doubtless, but what is meant here the fact that they continued to attend to their instruction. How much they had to learn about the doctrines and duties of our holy religion ! How much had they to hear about the law and the gospel, God, eternity, and destiny F What new teachings did the new evangel—exemplified in the life of Ohrist—bring before them ? Had the pages of history ever revealed such a perfect example, and such a perfect life as that of the man Christ Jesus ? " No one shall injure ne with impunity," says the natural man. The Christ says, and what He preached he ever practised—" Love your enemies ; bless them that curse ; pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you." What forbearance, what patience, what tender oompaeaion, what wisdom and knowledge, what tact and prudence, what inexhaustible love, ' and what wondrous graoes were seen in Ohrist! But Christ's example, all influential and beautiful, could not avail for elevation of life without a recognition of the work, not merely done in Capernaum, Galilee, and dark Gethsemane, but on Calvary's Cross. " The ohurch's round of holy thought" ever centres on the teaohings of Good Friday as well as Easter—the oross and passion, as well as the glorious resurrection, of Jesus Christ. What St. Paul, St. Peter, and St. John teach us in their epistles about Ohrist's atoning saorifioe, all the apostles taught and their true successors through the Christian centuries. The sweet Galilean vision is realised. Christ sees of the travail of His soul, and iB satisfied. He died the just for the unjust to bring us to God. Henoe, streams of truth flow on like the river, glorious to cleanse, to sweeten, and to beautify our earthly life. Listen to the words of some early Christian writers;—Clement, of Some, the Clement of St. Paul's Epistle, writes, " Let us fix our eyes on the blood of Christ, and see how precious it is to God, His Father, because, being shed .for our salvation, it won for the world the graoe of repentance." Listen to Ireneeus, a great champion of the faith once delivered to the saints— "The Lord ransomed us by His own blood, and gave His life for our life, and His flesh for our flesh." Origen, the distinguished author, says, " God sent forth HJS son to be a propitiation through faith in His blood; that is, through the sacrifice of His body." Ignatius, the ohild-like saint, tells of the .archives he had consulted—" The unoorrupted ones of the cross, death, resurrection of OhriBt." The great Athanamusdeclares, "He offered His sacrifice for all, giving up to death the temple of His own body m the stead of all." St. Augustine, of Hippo, writes, " The transgressions belong to us, the suffering for them belongs to our Head . . All transgression is discharged." Testimonies innumerable can be added. Whatever new teachings we may have, and however unpalatable the dootrine of vicarious saorifioe, the churoh never forgets it. The commands and teachings of the apostles were to these Christians lawt from heaven for life on earth. II.—They persevered in fellowship. — 1 These disciples were members of one happy family; and recognised thatas they enjoyed privileges, there were duties and responsibilities to be remembered. Their mutual love was of a very practical character. They had, for a time, all things common in their brotherhood But there is no reason to believe this community life was more than" a tern poraxy and local expedient. It was specially necessary for the converts from Judaism to Christianity, for, by their adoption of the new faith, they were out off from their usual intercourse with friends and neighbours; and fromtheordinary means of gaining their livelihood. Here was compensation for what they had voluntarily surrendered. Love to God and man led the brotherhood to have a common Btook, those who had possessions selling them for the benefit of the community. The act was voluntary, and not obligatory. If it was a matter of obligation, if enjoined by Christ and His apoBtles, if possessions were to be put into a common stook, how was it that disciples oontinued to hold property ? St. John, the apoBtle of love, nad a home whioh he retained, and in whioh the mother of our blessed Lord found a sanctuary. Mary, the mother of John Mark, as we read in Acts xii., had her dwelling, where the disoiiles were gathered together praying. Inason, the old disoiple, could provide lodgings. If possessions were to be put in a common stock, what mean the many exhortations of the apostles to charity and almsgiving ? The socialism of the churoh at Jerusalem, beautiful as. it iB, the result of Christian love, was not enjoined and commanded. It is indeed a most beautiful ideal, and aspect of Christian brotherhood! Very different is this from the socialism often paraded in our day, a socialism that can never succeed as a system. It oan have no real elements of permanence, while it overlooks the true character of human nature, depraved and selfish, and without power to pursue a course of continuous well-being, Nor, again, can it succeed till it recognises the supernatural, and believes that the higher and nobler life of humanity oan only exist where Christian love, righteousness, and purity prevail. Till you can get men to think alike, and act alike, and work alike, to be devout and just, you can never expect any continuance of such system. Nor would it be a good system for men to adopt, for it would inevitably lessen the power of hope—so stimulating and encouraging—and check industry, invention, and enterprise. With efforts for the ameliotion of humanity the church should sympathise, and, if true to her mission, does sympathise; but she must see that the methods employed are righteous and in conformity with the teachings of Ohrist. The church desires the material as well as the spiritual prosperity of men, and if she cannot altogether remove physical inconvenience and suffering, she has many alleviating remedies in the ,;ospel of Christ, and proolaims the brotherhood of man in Christ, that pro- ] >erty is a trust from God, that just and : 'air relationship should be established between Sfhployera and employees, and that all should and must remember that they have a Father in heaven. She teaches with no unoertain voice, that it is our duty to provide for Ohrist's poor. The splendid charities that bless our world are the outcome of ber teaching. Those who desire to be good shepherds of humanity, and to perform golden deeds, will ever interest themselves in them, and minister to the wants of the poor, exercising self-denial as a habit of life. If Greek philosophers and pagan moralists cared little for the wants of the poor—intellectual, moral, or social —to the heart of Ohrist, the sick, the sad, the sorrowful, are ever dear and precious. ELI.—They were steadfast in the breaking of bread in the holy communion. This was the testimony of the disoipleB' love for Ohrist. They took pleasure in calling to remembrance the death of Christ, and enjoying communion with Ohrist, and with one another. This was the great sacrament of unity. Those who communicated dedioated themselves afresh to Ohrist, and offered their praises and thanksgiving to Him. This sacrameiit, you notice, took its place at once, as one of the marks of the early churoh, and has been ever observed through the Christian centuries. IV.—They continued steadfastly in the prayers, not simply (aB some commentators assert) in prayer. The definite article, in the original, shows that they in all probability used some stated form of prayer or liturgy. Such a form they had received from their Great Teacher, and He Himself in the temple and synagogue services joined in a form of prayer. Already in this apostolic church there was something arranged and understood. We are not surprised to read of early liturgies, and some have oome down to us from remote antiquity. St. Basil and Ohrysostom composed set forms of prayer, and refer to the liturgies of St. Mark and St. James. Beautiful indeed is this picture of church life. These servants of God were united to the living and personal Christ, and to one another—blest communion, fellowship divine! These are aspects of our ideal churoh, that we long to reproduoe in this fair Australian land. What an unsatisfactory state of things we have now around ns. In the political world there is faction warring w tinst faction, and party against party; in the social, unrest, iad distress and poverty, and much lawlessness; and in the religious, jealousies, -ivalries, and seotarian animosities. Yet we look forward hopefully,'and the living agents of our church society may do much to improve the sad conditions of life, and bless humanity, by proclaiming the gospel of love and of holiness and purity; Yonr help';is asked for our diocesan sustentation and extension fund. Money is much needed for the support of the living teacher to carry on his work in our crowded centres, and among the solitary and negleoted bush population. Our . clergy and catochists need that we^hould bear them up before God on the arms of faith and prayer. Their work is the object of the Saviour's love, and for the true well being of this land. They may well, not as a matter of charity, but of justice, expect the churoh to minister to them in temporal things. Alas, for the selfishness of many, who owe everything to thiB oountry. Alas, that BO many ask, " How little can I give," instead of " How much." How muoh can I give —not sacrifice—but give to Ohrist, who has done so much for me ? How Christian philanthropists grieve, as they think of the wealthy negleoting their opportunities, and sot attending to the churoh's message to men of wealth, How few adopt the motto, " Every man for his brother, and God for us all." How few are ready to say,." I will give gladly all that I can, and give in pro> portion to my means, for the gold and silver I hold in trust from God." We shall never, brethren, rise to our true position till we understand our obligations to Christ and the fulness of divine loVe, and our privileges as members of the great historic Church of'England. Shall it be Ohrist, or despair ? Did Ohrist show His wondrous love that men might live self-pleasing and self-adoring lives, and foster habits of selfishness and self-indulgence ? Did Ohrist die for the humap family, and can we remain careless and indifferent ? Oan the sailor forget his kindred and fatherland ? Oan the mother forget the child of her love ? Oan the Christian forget his responsibilities to his spiritual mother ? Oan he refuse to pay tribute to sustain the name, the fame, the court of EIng Jesus ? Yea, rather, let him pray evermore for the noble heart, whioh no earthly love can draw down. Can we refuse, when we know through our neglect souls may perish for whom Ohrist died ? God forbid, and dispose us to say, "Lord, here I am—body, soul, ana property—now to be Thine, yea, Thine alone." This parish has done well in the past, and has long helped the church Bociety. Those who have done well can continue to do so, and to keep up the traditions of the parish. This day I earnestly invite you, in the presence of God, to make liberal, self-denying offerings, golden gifts of love. Count up your many mercies. Who mil not be ready to say— Were the whole realm of natnre mine, That were an offering far too small; Lore so amazing, so divine, Demands my life, my sonl, my all P 