THE NOVELIST. THE HANXflM.1 Bx HALL CAINE. Chapter XLIX. the convalescence. Philip fell into a dfad sleep. When he awoke he saw, as in a mirror, a solution to the tamnltnous drama of hiB life. It was a glorious solution, a liberating and redeeming end, an end bringing freedom from the bonds which had beset him. What matter if it was hard; if it was difficult; if it was bitter as Marah and steep as Calvary ? He was ready, he was eager. Oh, blessed sleep! Oh, wise and soothing sleep! It had rent the dark cloud of his past and given the Hash of light that illumined the path before him. He opened his eyes and saw Auntie Nan eeated by his side, reading a volume of sermons. At the change in his breathing the old dove looked round, dropped the book, and began to flutter about. " Hush, dearest, hush !" she whispered. There was a heavy, monotonous sound, like the beating of a distant drum or the throb of an engine under the earth. " Auntie!" " Yes, dearest" " What day is it ?' " Sunday. Ob, you've had a long, long sleep,! Philip 1 You slept all day yesterday." " Is that the church bell ringing ?' " Yes, dear, and a fine morning, too—so soft and spring-like. I'll open the win dow." " Then my hearing must be injured." " Ah, they muffled the bell, that's it. ' The church is so near,' they said, ' it might trouble him.'" A carriage was coming down the road. It rattled on the paved way ; then the rattling ceased, and there was a dull rumble as of a cart sliding on to a wooden bridge. " That horse has fallen," said Philip, frying to rise. " It's only the straw on the street," said Auntie Nan. " The people brought it from all parts. ' We must deaden the traffic by the house,' they said. Oh, you couldn't think how good they've been. Yesterday was market-day, but there was no business done. Couldn't have been ; they were coming and going the whole day long. ' And how's the Deemster now? 'And how's he now? It was fit to make yon cry. I believe in my heart, Philip, nobody in Ramsey went to bed the first night at all. Everybody waiting and waiting to see if there wasn't something to fetch, and the kettle kept boiling in every kitchen round about. But hush, dearest, hush! Not so much talking all at once. Hush, now!" " Where is Pete?' asked Philip, his face to the wall. " Oiling the hinges of the door, dearest. He was laying carpets on the stairs all day yester day. Butneverasoundofahammer. Theman's wonderful. He must have hands like iron. His heart's soft enough, though. But then everybody is so kind, everybody, everybody! The doctor, and the vicar, and the news papers—oh, it's beautiful; it's just as Pete was saying." " YVhat was Pete saying, Auntie ?' " He was saying the . engels must think there's somebody sick in every house in the island." A sound of singing came through the open window, above the whisper of young leaves and the twitter of birds. It was the psalm that was being sung in church : " Blessed is tbe man that considereth the poor and needy; The Lord shall deliver him in time of trouble." " Listen, Philip. That must be a special psalm. I'm Bure they're singing it for you. How sweet of them ! But we are talking too much, dear. The doctor will scold. I must leave you now, Philip. Only for a little, though, while I go back to Ballure. and I'll send np Cottier." " Yes, send up Cottier," said Philip. " My darling," said tbe old soul, looking down as she bowed her bonnet- strings. " Yon'll lie quiet now ? You're sure you'll lie quiet? Well, good- bye, good-bye!" As Philip lay alone the soar and swell of the psalm filled the room. Ob, the irony of it all! The frantic, hideous, awful irony! He lying there, he, the guilty one, with the whole island watching at his bedside, pitying him, sorrowing for him, holding its breath until he should breathe, and she, bis partner, his victim, his innocent victim, in jail, in disgrace, in a degradation more deep than death. Still the psalm soared and swelled, He tried to bury his head in the pillows that he might not hear. Jem-y-Lord came in hurriedly and Philip beckoned him close. " Where is she ?' he whispered. " They removed her to Castle Rushrn late last night, your Honour,' said Jemmy, softly. "Write immediately to the Clerk of the Rolls," said Philip. " Say she muBt be lodged on the debtors' side and have patients diet and every comfort My Kate! my Kate!" * The right of publishing this work has been put chased by the proprietor, of 27te jLwiraUuian. he kept saying, " it shall not be for long, not for long, my love, not for long!" The convalescence was slow and Philip was impatient " I feel better to-day, doctor," he wonld say, " don't you think I may get out of bed f " Traa dy liooar (time enough). Deemster," the doctor would answer. " Let us see what a few more days will do." " I have a great task before me, doctor," he would say again. " I must begin imme diately." " You have a life's work before you, Deemster, and you must begin soon, but not just yet." " I have something particular to do, doctor," he said at last. " I must lose no time." " You must lose no time indeed; that's why you must stay where you are a little onger." One morning his impatience overcame him, and he got out of bed. But, being on his teet, his bead reeled, his limbs trembled, he clutched at the bed-post, and bad to clamber back. " Oh, Ood, bear me witness, this delay is not my fault," he murmured. Throughout the day he longed for the night, that he might close his eyes in the darkness and think of Kate. He tried to think of her as she used to be—bright, happy, winsome, full of joy, of love, of passion, dangling her feet from the apple tree, or tripping along the tree trunk in the glen, teasing him, tempting him. It was impos sible. He could only think of her in the gloom of the prison. That filled his mind with terrors. Sometimes in the dark hours his enfeebled body beset his brain with fantastic hallucinations. Calling for paper and pens, he would make show of writing a letter, producing no words or intelligible signs, but only a mass of scrawls and blotches. This he would fold and refold with great elaboration, and give to Jem-y-Lord with an air of gravity and mystery, saying in a whisper, " For her !" Thus night brought no solace, and the dawn found him waiting for the day, that he might open his eyes in the sunlight and think, " She is better where she is ; God will comfort her." A fortnight went by, and he saw nothing of Pete. At length he made a call on his courage, and said, " Auntie, why does Pete never come f " He does, dearest. Only when you're asleep, though. He stands there in the door way in his stockings. I nod to him and he comes in and looks down at .you. Then .he goes away without a word." " What is he doing now ?" " Going to Douglas a good deal seemingly. Indeed, they're saying—but then people are so fond of talking." '■ What are people saying, Auntie 1" " It's about a divorce, dearest—" Philip groaned and turned away his face. . He opened his eyes one day irom a doze, and saw the plain face of Nancy Joe,. framed in a red print handkerchief. The simple creature was talking with Auntie Nan, holding council, and making common cause with the dainty old lady as unmarried women and old maids. " ' Why don't yon keep your word true?' says I. ' Wasn't you saying you'd take her back,' says I, ' whatever she'd done and whatever she was, so help you God?' says L * Isn't she shamed enough already, poor thing, without you going shaming her more ? Have you no bowels at all? Are you only another of the gutt -d herrings on a stick ?' says I. ' Why don't you keep your word J true?* 'Because,' says he, '1 want to be even with the other one,' says he, and then away he went wandering down by the tide." " He's unchristian, Nancy," said Auntie Nan, " but it's human; for although be forgives the woman he can hardly be ex pected to forgive the man, and he can't punish one without punishing both." >: Much good if II do to punish either, say I. What for ahould he put up his tins now the hook's in his gizzard ? But that's the way with the men still. Talking and talking of love and love; but when trouble is coming, no better than a churn of sour cream on a thundery day. We're best off that never had no truck with them—I don't know what you think, Miss Chiistian, ma'am. They may talk about having no chances—/ don't mind if they do—do you? I had chance enough once, though—I don't know what you've had, ma'am. 1 had one sweetheart, anyway, a sort of a sweetheart, as you might say; but he was sweeter on the money than on me. Alwaya asking how much I had got saved in , the stocking. And when he heard I had < three new dresses done, ' Nancy,' says he, ' we had better be putting a sight upon the parzon now, before they're all wore out at you.'" The Governor, who was still in London, wrote a letter .full of tender solicitude and graceful compliment. The Clerk of the Rolls had arranged from the first that two tele grams should be sent to him daily, giving accounts of Philip's condition. At last the Clerk came in person, and threw Auntie Nan into tremors of nervousness by his noise and robastiousness. He roared as be came along the path, roared himself through the hali, up the stairs, and into the bedroom, roared again as he set eyes on Philip, protesting tiiat the sick man was worth five hundred dead men yet, and .vowing with an oath (and a tear trickling down his nose) that he would like to give "time" to the fools who frightened good people with bad reports. Then he cleared.the room for a private consultation. "Ont you go, Cottier. Look slippy, man!" Auntie Nan fled in terror. When she had summoned resolution to invade afresh the place of the bear that had possession of her Iamb, the Clerk of the Rolls was rising from the foot of the bed and saying, " We'll leave it at that then, Christian These d things will happen; but don't you bother your head about it. I'll make it all j serene. Besides, it's nothing—nothing in a lifetime. I'll have to send yon the summons, though. You needn't trouble about that; just toss it into the fire." Philip's head was down, his eyes were on the counterpane, and a faint tinge of colonr overspread his wasted face. " Ah, you're back, Miss Christian ? I must be going, though. Good-bye, old fellow 1 Take care of yourself—good men are scarce. Good-bye, Hiss Christian! Good-bye, all 1 Good-bye, Phil 1 God bless yon 1" With that he went roaring down the stairs, bat came thunging np again in a moment, put his head roand - the door-post end: said, " Lord bless my soul, if I wasn't forgetting an important bit of news—very important news, too! It hasn't got into the papers yet, but I've had the official wrinkle. What d'ye think ?—the Governor has resigned ! True as gospel. Sent in his resignation to the Home Office the night before last. I saw it coming. He hasn't been at home since Tynwald. Look sharp and get better now. Good-bye!" Philip got up for the first time the day following. The weather was soft and full of whispers of spring ; the window was open, and Philip sat with his face in the direction of the sea. Anntie Nan was knitting by his side and running on with homely gossip. The familiar and genial talk was floating over the surface of his mind as a seabird floats over the surface of the sea, sometimes re flected in it, sometimes Bkimming it, some times dipping into it and being lo3t " Poor Pete! The good woman here thinks he's hard. Perhaps he is ; but I'm sure he is much to be pitied. Ross has be haved badly and deserves all that can come to him. He's the same to me as you are, dear —in blood, I mean—bat somehow I can't be sorry. . . . Ah, you're too tender-hearted, Philip, indeed you are. You'd find excuses for anybody. The doctor says overwork, dearest; but / Bay the shock of seeing that poor creature in that awful position. And what a shock you gave me, too! To tell you the truth, Philip, I thought it was a fate. Never heard of it 1 No ? Never heard that grandfather fainted on the bench ? He did though, and he didn't recover either. How well I remember it 1 Word broke over the town like a clap of thunder, ' The Deemster has fallen in the court-house.' Father heard it up at Ballure and ran down bareheaded. Grandfather's carriage was at the courthouse door, and they brought him np to Balla whaine. I remember I was coming down stairs when I saw the carriage pull up at the gate. The next minute your father, with bis wild eyes and his bare head, was lifting something out of the inside. Poor Tom ! He had never set foot in the house since grandfather had driven him out of it. And little did grandfather think in whose arms he was to travel the last stage of his life's journey." Philip had fallen asleep. Jem-y-Lord en tered with a letter. It was in a large envelope and had come by the insular post, " Shall I open it ?" thought Auntie Nan. She had been opening and replying to Philip's letters during the time of his illness, but this one bore an official seal and so she hesi tated. " Shall I ?" she thought, with the knitting needle to her lip. " 1 will. It may save him some worry." She fixed her glasses, and drew out the letter. It was a summons from theCh&ncery; Division of the Manx High Court of Justice— a petition ior divorce. The petitioner's name was Peter Quilliam ; the respondent -—, the co- respondent . As Philip awoke from his doze, with the salt breath of the sea in his nostrils and the songs of spring in his ears, Anntie Nan was fumbling with the paper to get it back into the envelope. Her hands trembled, and when she spoke her voice quivered. Philip saw iu a moment what had happened. She had stumbled into the pit where the secret of his life lay buried. The doctor came in at that instant He looked attentively at Auntie Nan, and said significantly, " You have been nursing too long, Miss.Christian, you mus; go home for a ivhile." " I will go home at once," she faltered, in a feeble inward voice. Philip's head was on bis breast Snch was the first step on the Calvary he intended to ascend. Oh, God, help him ! God support him! God bear up his sinking feet that he might not fall-from weakness, or fear, or shame. Caesar visited Kate at Castle Roshen. He ionnd her lodged in a large and light apart ment (once the dining-room ot the Lords of Han), indulged with every comfort, and short of nothing but her liberty. As the turnkey nulled the door behind him, Caesar lifted both hands and cried, " The Lord is my re fuge and my strength : a very present help in trouble." Then he inquired if Pete had been ' there before him, and being answered " No " j he said, '' The children of this world are wiser in their generation than the. children [ ot light" . After that he fell to the praise of j the Deemster, who had not only given Kate j these tner&ies;, comfortable to her carnal body, if dangerous to her soul, but had striven to lighten the burden of her people at the time when he bad circulated the report of her death, knowing she was dead indeed, dead in trespasses and sins, and choosing rather that' they shonld mourn her as one who was already dead in fact than feel shame for her as one that was yet alive in iniquity. Finally he dropped his handkerchief on to the slate floor, went down on one knee by the side of his tall hat, and called on her in prayer to .'cast in heir lot afresh with the people of God. " May her lightness be re buked, 0 Lord 1" he cried, • " Give her to know that until she repents she hath no place among Thy children. And, Lord, suc cour Thy servant in his hour of tribulation. Let. him be well girt up with Christian armour. Help him to cry aloud, amid bis tears and his lamentations, ' Though my heart and hers should break, Thy name shall not be dishonoured, my Lord and my God 1" Rising from bis knee, and dusting it, Caesar took ap his tall hat, and left Kate as he had tound her, crunching by the fire inside the wide ingle of the old ball, covering her face and saying nothing. He was in this mood of spiritual exaltation as he descended the steps into the Keep, and came upon a man in the diesis of a prisoner, sweeping with a besom. It was Black Tom. Caesar stopped in front of him, moved bis lips, lifted his face to the sky, shut both eyes, then opened them again, ana said in a voice of deep sorrow, " Aw, Thomas ! Thomas QuiUiatn ! I'm taking grief to see thee, roan. An outd friend, whose hand has rested in my hand, and swilling the floor of a prison 1 Well, I warned thee often. But thou wast ever stony ground, Thomas. And now thou must Bee for thyself whether was I right that honesty is the belter policy. Look at theeand look at me. The Lord has delivered me, and prospered me even in tem poral things. I have lands and I have houses. And what hast thou thyself ? Nothing but thy conscience and thy disgrace. Even thy very clothes they have taken away from thee, and they would fake thy hair itself if tboa had any." Black Tom rested himself on the shank of his besom, and said, " Don' be playing cam mag (shindy) with me, Mr. Holy Ghoster. It. isnx honesty thafs making the d iff ranee be tween us at all—it's luck. You've won and I've lost, you've succeeded and I've failed, yon're wearing your chapel hat and I'm in this bit of a saucepan lid, but you're only a reg'lar ould Pharisee anyway." Caesar waved bis hand. " I can't take the anger with thee, Thomas," he said, backing himself out. " I thought the devil had been chained since our .last bamp meeting, hut I was wrong seemingly. He goeth about still like a raging lion, seeking whom he may devour." " Don't be trying to knock me down with you tex'ea,"said Black Tom, shouldering his besom. " Any cock can crow on his own midden," " You can't help it, Thomas," said Caesar, edging away. " It isn't my oald friend that's blaspheming at all; It's the devil that has entered into his heart and is rending him. - But cast the devil out, man, or hell will be thy portion." " I was there last night in my dreams, Caesar," said Black Tom, following him up. "' Oh, Lord Devil, let me in,' sayB L ' Where d'ye come from V says he. ' The Isle of Man,' says I. ' I'm not taking any more from there till my Bishop comes,' says he. ' Who's that T says I. * Bishop Caesar, the publican—who else T says he." " I marvel at thee, Thomas," said Caesar, half through the small door of the portcullis, " bat the sons of Belial have to fight hard for his throne. I'il pray for thee, thongh, that it be not remembered against tliee when (D.V.) there will be weeping and wailing and gnash ing of teeth." That night Caesar visited the Deemster at Elm-cottage. His eyes glittered and there was a look of frenzy in his face. He was still in his mood of spiritnal pride, and when he spoke it was always with the theesand the tbous and in the high pitch of the preacher. " The Ballawhaine is dead, your Honour," he cried. " They wouldn't have me tell thee before because of thy body's weakness, but now they suffer it. Groanings and moanings and 'stericks of torment! TtVble, si-, ter'ble ! Took a notion he wonld have water poured out for him at the last. It couldn't wash him clane, though. And shonting with his dying voice, 'I've.Binned, O "God, I've sinned !' Oh, I delivered inv soul, Sir the can ejear me of that anyway. ' Lay bould of a free solvation,' says I. ' I've not lived a right life,* says he. ' Truth enough," says I ? 'oat now is the appointed time." 'Say. " Lord, 1 belaife ; help thon iny unbelaife." * ' Too late, Mr. Cregeen, too late/ sayS he, and the word was scarce ontSjf his" month when he was key-cold in a minute, and gone into'the night ot all flesh that's, lost. well,, it was his own son that killed him, sir; robbed him of every silver sixpence, and ruined him. The last mortgage he raised was to keep the young man ont of prison for for gery. Bad, sir ; bad ! To indulge a child to its own damnation is bad. A human in firmity, though ; and I'm feeling for the poor Binner myself being tempted—that is to say— but thank the Lord for his strengthening arm" " Is he bnried V asked Philip. " Buried enough, and a poor funeral, too, Bir," said Caesar. Nobody there to spake of; only myself and the parson and his ten ants mostly." " Where was Boss ?" " Gone, sir, without waiting to see his foolish outy father pushed under the sod. Weil, there was not much to wait for neither. The young man has been a besom of fire and burnt up everything. Not so much left as would buy a rope to hang him. And Ballawhaine is mine, sir; mine in a way of spaking—my son-in- law's, any way—and he has given me the right' to have and to hould it Aw, a Sabbath time, sir ; a Sabbath time! I made up my mind to have it the night the man atrnck me in my own house in Snlby. He betrayed my daughter at last, sir, and took her from her home, and then her husband lent six thousand pounds on mortgage. ' Do what yon like with it," said he,, ana 1 said to myself, ' The man shall starve ; he shall be a beggar ; he shall have neither bread to eat nor water to drink, nor a roof to cover him. And the moment the breath was out of the ould mail's body 1 foreclosed." Philip was trembling from head to foot. " Do you inean," he faltered, " that that was your reason f " It is the Lord's hand on a rascal," said Caesar, " and proud am I to be instrument of His vengeance. ' God moves in a poygterlous way,' ait. Oh, the Lord is opening His word more Und more. Arid I havempre jto tell thee, too. Ballawhaine would belong to thy-! self, sir, it everyone bbd bis' rights, it'was' thy grandfather's inheritance, and it should have been thy father's, fchd it ought to be thine. Take it, sir, take it on toy own terms : it is wotth a matter of twelve thou sand, but thou shalt have it lot nine, and pay for it when the' Lord gives thee, substance. Thou hast been good to me and to mine, and especially to toe poor lost Iamb, who lies in toe Castle to-night in her shame and disgrace. Little did I think I should ever repay thee, though. But it is toe Lord's doings. It is marvellous in our eyes. ' Deep In un fathomable mines— Caesar was pacing the room and speaking in tones ot rapture. Philip, who was sitting at the table, rase from it with a look of jfe&tt; I "Frightful I Frightful!" be mattered. "AmiBtekel Amistake!" . " The Lord Ood makes no mistakes, sir," oried Caesar. ... . _ ... , " Bat what if it was not Ross—" began ] Philip. Caesar paid no need. " What if it was not Ross " Caesar glanoed. over his shoulder. " What if it was someone else " said j Philip. ! ■ Caesar stopped in front of him. "Someone you have never thought of— 1 someone yon have respected and even held in j honour " " Who, then V'said Caesar huskily. "Mr. Cregeen," said Philip, "it is hard for me to speak. I had not intended to speak yet; hot 1 should hold myself in horror if I were silent now. Yon have been living in an awful error. Whatever the cost, what ever the consequenoes, yon must not remain in that error a moment longer. It was not Ross who took away your daughter." "Who was it t" cried Caesar. His voice] had the sound of a cracked belt. Philip struggled hard. He tried to confess. His eyes wandered about the walls. " As you have cherished a mistaken resentment," hefaltered, "soyou have nonrished a mis taken gratitude.' *' Who T Who ?" cried Caesar, looking fixedly into Philip's face. Philip's rigid fingers were crawling over the papers on the table like the claws of crabs. They touched, .the summons from the Chancery Court arid he picked it up. " Read this," he said, and held it out to Caesar. Caesar took it, but continued to look at Philip with eyea that were threatening in their excitedficss. Philip felt that in a moment their positions had been changed. He was the judge no longer, but only a j criminal at the bar of this old man, this grim fanatic, half mad already with religious mania. " The Lord of Hosts is mighty," muttcied Caesar; and then Philip heard the paper crinkle in his hands. Caesar was feeling for his spectacles. When he had liberated them from the sheath, he §ut them on the bridge of his nose upside own. With the two glasses against the wrinkles of his forehead and liis eyes still uncovered, lie held the paper at arm's length and tried to read it Then he took out4iis | red print handkerchief to dust the spectacles. Fumbling spectacles and sheath and hand kerchief and paper ill his trembling hands I together, he muttered again in a quavering | voice, as if to fortify himself against what he was to see, " The Lord of HoBta is mighty." ■ He read the paper at length, and there was no mistaking it. " QuiTliam v. Quilliam | and Christian." He laid the summons on the table and re turned his spectacles to their sheath. His breathing made noiup in his nostrils. " Uph cha net " (woe if me), he murmured. " Ugh cha nee t Ugh cha nee V Then he looked helplessly around and said, ^Dejiart from me, for I am a sinful man, O The vengeance that he had built up day by day had fallen in a moment into ruinB. His hypocrisy was stripped naked. " I see how it is," he said in a hoarsened voice. " The Lord has decaived me to punish me. It ib the public- house. Ye cannot serve Ood and Mammon. What's gained on the devil's back is lost under his belly. I thought I was a child of God, bnt the deceitfulness of riches has choked the word. Ugh cha nee ' Ugh cha nee./ My prosperity has been like the quail's, only given with the intent of chok ing me. ugh cha nee £ His spiritual pride was broken down. The Almighty had outwitted him. He took up his hat and rolled his arm over it the wrong way of the nap.Half way to the door be paused. " Well, I'll be laving yon. Good day, air," he said, nodding his head alowly. "The Lord's been knowing what you were all the time seemingly. But what's the nse of His knowing—lie never tells on nobody. And I've been calling on sinners to flee from the wrath, and He's been letting the devils make a mock at myself! Ugh cha nee! Ugh cha neef Philip had slipped back in his choir, and his head had fallen forward on the table. He heard the old man go oat ; he heard bis heavy step drop slowly d<.wn the stairs ; he heard his foot dragging on the path outside. Ugh cha nee ! Ugh cha nee /" The word rang in bia heart like a knell. Jem-y-Lord, who had been out in the town, | came back in great excitement. " Such news, your Honour I Such splen did newsf* " What is it !" said Philip, without lifting his head. " They're signing petitions all over the island, asking the Queen to make you Governor." " God in heaven I" said Philip ; " that would be frightful." 