THE NOVELIST. (Copyright.) TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Central Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, CHAPTER XVI.—(CONTINUED.) IVAN DEXTER. "I am sorry to say, Mr. Mills, that poor Daniels and O'Halloran have not come back," replied Strangway. "Ah! what has happened?" "They lost their lives a year ago through accidents which could not be prevented. I will tell you all as soon as possible. It was through no fault of ours that they have not returned," the leader answered. "I am quite sure of that, you may be certain," the old man continued with a ring of confidence in his voice. "What has detained you so long? I hope you have not suffered much." "Well, we have not led a very luxurious life all the time, I must say," replied Strangway, with a laugh. "We managed to reach the head of Finke Creek, and found the country around there well watered and fertile but it is not an easy matter to reach the place. Stretches of desert almost waterless have to be crossed, unless in the rainy season, and then the water-courses are impassable. I don't think we would have been successful in getting back did we not meet the workmen engaged on the overland telegraph line. And, indeed, then I think Stanley and I would have perished had it not been for our good friend here," Stanley concluded, pointing to Talmud. During the conversation Squatter Mills had been intently regarding the mysterious white man as though he would read his inmost thoughts. When the leader of the late pastoral exploration expedition finished, the old man still looked silently at Talmud; and then going up to the side of his horse he stretched out his hand, and said: "Welcome back, James O'Malley!" CHAPTER XVII. JAMES O'MALLEY. Strangway and Stanley looked surprised at this strange recognition, and for a moment or two neither spoke. Then the latter said: "This is Talmud, Mr. Mills." "Oh, no it is not. If it is not James O'Malley it is his ghost," replied the old man. The recollection that Overseer Garfield had mentioned the name of James O'Malley now recurred to Strangway, who looked inquiringly at Talmud for an explanation. Slowly the latter said: "Yes; my proper name is James O'Malley, though when I first met you" —and he looked at Strangway and Stanley—"I could not remember it, nor, indeed, for many years previously. The story is a long one and I cannot tell it here, but, if you care, you will hear it as soon as possible. You will then know why my name was thus changed to Talmud. During the last few months it has all come back to my mind and I can see it as clearly as if nothing had ever happened to blot it from memory. Yet, how do you know my name, sir?" he concluded, looking towards Mills. "Don't you remember meeting me at the north of Torrens in the beginning of 1860, the day that Stuart arrived there. You saved me from a treacherous attack of the blacks, and in the confusion that ensued through the subsequent flood, when I lost half my cattle, I had no chance to let you know who I was and thank you. You made an impression on my mind that day never to be effaced as long as life lasts. A couple of years after I heard you had been killed by the blacks during Stuart's second attempt to cross the continent from north to south and, of course, I believed it," answered Mills. "I was supposed to be killed near a place, now called Alice Springs, on the overland telegraph route, but I escaped as by a miracle as you will see later on. Ah!" continued O'Malley, putting his hands to his forehead in a dazed sort of way, "that was a very strange time, indeed." "Well, come to the house at once. Mrs. Mills is anxious, I am sure, to see you all," the squatter interrupted, waving his hands towards the homestead and leading the way. Mrs. Mills was an elderly matron with a kindly face, and though nearly as old as her husband she still superintended the household affairs. The family consisted of two daughters, both of whom were married and lived in Sydney. Of the four men who had started out on the expedition only one (Daniels) was married, and the awkward task of breaking the news to the widow of her husband's death had to be undertaken by Mills. Mrs. Daniels was employed at the homestead, and the news was not altogether unexpected. Six months previously those at the station began to exhibit anxiety as to the fate of the explorers, and when month succeeded month without tale or tidings being heard doubts developed into certainties, and it was regarded as a foregone conclusion that the men had perished. Mrs. Daniels was not, therefore, as greatly shocked and distressed as would otherwise have been supposed. The torturing uncertainty was, at any rate, at rest, and there was even a melancholy satisfaction in knowing that her husband had not perished from thirst. After this unpleasant task was finished Mills sent a messenger on the long journey to Bourke to acquaint the authorities with the return of Stanley and Strangway, and also to give information as to the deaths of Daniels and O'Halloran and the remarkable finding of a member of Stuart's 1861 expedition. This latter intelligence created quite a sensation at the time, for it revived memories of the greatest of Australian explorers. In the meantime the squatter made the returned party as comfortable as he could. Strangway's quarters were fitted up for the use of the three men, and everything necessary for their comfort was placed at their disposal. They certainly needed a few of the accessories of civilization. When they reached Overseer Garfield's party they presented an absolutely savage appearance. Their boots had long before disappeared, and the few fragments of half-tanned skins strung together in rude incongruity which covered them were not half so aesthetic as Robinson Crusoe's costume. A kind of rough head- covering made from plaited rushes and flags, which they had woven for some time before making the telegraph line, was lost when the first delirium of thirst assailed them, and that fact allowed the sun to work greater injury to them. They did not, of course, know that such a work as the telegraph line was being carried on in the locality, and it was by mere accident that Talmud— or O'Malley, as he should now be called —stumbled on it. At the telegraph station they were rigged out in clothes, and they also got boots which for some time they were unable to wear on account of their swollen feet. The journey from Turrett station to Nardoo homestead had been fairly rough, and their costume when they reached the latter place was not one exactly suitable for Bond- street. Mills, however, had a good stock of boots and clothing at the station, and it was placed at the disposal of travellers. "I will not trouble you to day," Mills said to the men after they had dinner. "You need a good rest, and to-morrow we can have a talk about your adventures." This was humane and gave the men a chance to look presentable next day. The station hands besieged them with questions, but they soon managed to satisfy their curiosity. During the afternoon Mills sent for James O'Malley, and said: "Have you made up your mind yet as to the course you will pursue?" "No; I have not thought about my future life yet. I am as one awakening from a dream, and I cannot collect my faculties yet." "Why not stop with me, then? I owe my life to you and am most desirous of repaying in some measure the obligation I am under. I am a rich man with few to leave my wealth to, and you need never want for anything," the squatter said. The offer was a most generous and unexpected one, and for a few moments O'Malley did not reply. At length he said: "I have no desire to go back to crowded towns or cities where I feel I would be out of place, and perhaps quite unable to earn a living. When I left Dublin I was an orphan and, so far as I know, have no relatives in the world. All my friends are here and I gladly accept your kind offer; but, of course, you will allow me to make myself useful to you in some capacity." "Yes; we can arrange that later on. There is plenty of time to talk about it, for at present everything on the station is in 'apple-pie' order. Now that you will stay I suppose you will have no objections to tell us the story of your ten years' disappearance in Central Australia," Mills concluded. "Not the least, only I warn you it will sound stranger than the legends of the Arabian Nights—and yet it is perfectly true," O'Malley replied. As they finished speaking they strolled out of the room towards one of the paddocks where a number of horses were kept. One of them was a splendid upstanding animal almost pure white and looked like a fine hunter. Mills called out, "Arab!" and the horse, with a low neigh, trotted over to where the squatter and his companion stood. "This is yours now,'' the old man said, as he patted the animal on the neck. "His name is Arab, and, as you see, he is an intelligent and well bred beast. You can use him as you please; and as I have asked Strangway to show you over the station he may as well be saddled up this afternoon and you can go over the lower paddocks." As he concluded the old man took down a slip-panel and the horse fol- lowed him over to the stables where Stanley and Strangway were waiting. There was a couple of bay horses in the stable and these were allotted to the two men who, with O'Malley, were soon mounted and cantering over the home paddock. "The 'boss' has given you his favorite, I notice," Strangway said, as he rode beside O'Malley. "Yes; he has been very kind to me and asked me to remain here," was the answer. "And I hope you have consented. We would all like you to stay," questioned both his companions, impetuously. "I have—indeed I don't know where I could do better, after the queer life I have led during the last few years. I would feel like a fish out of water if I went back to live amongst crowds of human beings again." "If ever you want to do so it will be easy enough now. The country between here and Bourke is fairly settled and beyond there the railway will soon whisk you into crowded centres," returned Stanley. "Oh, I don't think I will ever bother about doing as you propose," laughed O'Malley. As they trotted over the different paddocks it was clearly noticeable to what a height of perfection that far distant squattage had been brought, and O'Malley reflected that a few thousand such colonists as Mills would be sufficient to tame the continent. On returning to the homestead they were met by Mills, who greeted them with effusion. "Well, what do you think of it?" he asked, with a laugh. "It is splendid, sir, and a credit to you," O'Malley answered, warmly. "Not alone to me, you must remember. The men and women who have assisted are entitled to no small amount of the credit. It is not everyone who would care to cut themselves off from what are called the pleasures of city life and bury themselves here for a mere living. You know I get the profits and have, therefore, a greater self- interest in staying here than the hands," Mills said. "You also take the losses, sir, when they come along," interjected Stanley, with a laugh, "and that about balances your position and ours." "If you are content so am I," the squatter said; and then turning to O'Malley, he asked: "Will you begin your narrative this evening?" "I will, with pleasure." CHAPTER XVIII. WRECKED. After tea the squatter asked Stanley and Strangway into the sitting-room to hear O'Malley begin his narrative. "If anyone has a right to hear it you are the persons. Had it not been for your pluck in passing on from Lake Eyre after the disasters which befel you we would certainly never have seen O'Malley again," he said. It might be mentioned that Strangway and Stanley had given Mills a full account of their wanderings, which are already known to the reader, so that it is quite unnecessary to repeat the story. In addition to the two men the only other occupants of the room were the squatter and his wife. At first O'Malley experienced a little difficulty in finding suitable words with which to express himself, but he was aided by his companions. As it would spoil the effect of the narrative to re- peat the frequent interruptions, they are, for obvious reasons, not given here. * * * * * * "You will scarcely care to know much of my earlier history," began O'Malley, "and I will, therefore, not weary you with it. "I was born in Dublin, in 1830, and whilst my parents lived I did not feel the hard pinch of want. The cholera of 1848 carried them to the grave within a few hours of each other, and then I had to shift for myself. At that time Ireland was the last place on earth to earn a livelihood, and I gladly accepted the offer of a shipmaster to begin a seafaring life on a merchant vessel trading to America. "For several years I continued at this work, but when the gold discoveries began in Australia a great deal of shipping was diverted to this land, and it so happened that in 1855 I found myself before the mast on an Australian bound ship. I reached Melbourne towards the end of that year, and, like many other seamen, deserted to make my fortune on the gold-fields. I need hardly say that I did not do so, and in 1858 I shipped on an intercolonial vessel, under engagement to proceed to the Swan River settlement. "The trip was a disastrous one, for as we were going through Nuyt's Archipelago a storm arose which drove us on that treacherous coast of the great Australian Bight adjoining and the ship became a total wreck. The crew consisted of fourteen men, and with the exception of myself not a soul escaped. My preservation was almost miraculous. "The frowning iron-bound coast towered up over four hundred feet, but by some means I was swept in by the rollers to the comparatively calm water of Port Bell, and, more dead than alive, was thrown by the raging sea on to the beach. It was just getting dark when this happened, and during the whole of the succeeding night I must have lain in a sort of stupor on the beach. "A marine bird of carrion, hovering over me and making an occasional swoop to see if I had any life left in me, roused me from my lethargy and I sat upon the sands and looked round. I saw nothing from my position save the still surging billows and could hear them breaking with thunderous boon outside. After considerable effort I ascended the adjacent cliffs and the prospect was dreary in the extreme. The country I could at once see was absolutely unsettled. Not a trace of a house or a living animal, except a few sea-birds, was to be seen, and in vain I looked for ascending smoke which might indicate the presence of humanity. "The only experience of travelling in Australia was the few trips I made in Victoria to the various gold-fields or rushes, and they were not calculated to make a person thoroughly conversant with bushcraft. "I was exceedingly thirsty, but after a long search I could not find fresh water. Going down to the beach I gathered a few shell-fish and eat them ravenously. My clothes were hanging in rags through the struggle in the water, and I had no boots or hat. Going on the cliffs once more I made a frantic search for water, but it was again fruitless. The place was quite arid. Half mad with thirst and hunger I crawled back to the beach, and when I reached it I saw a cask rolling backwards and forwards with the lapping waves. Running into the sea I rolled it out, and with a wild joy recognised it as one of the water-barrels belonging to the wrecked ship. Seizing a rock I began to break it open in an agony of doubt. What if the salt water should have spoiled the contents?" I reflected. "To my unbounded relief I found that the water was fresh, and the deep draught I took greatly revived me. "Another miserable night was spent, for this time I was conscious of the desperate position in which I was placed. I reflected on the best course to pursue, but could not decide. I well knew that, situated as I was, it would have been practically impossible for me to reach the outlying settlements of Eyre's Peninsula, and my only forlorn hope appeared to be in attracting the attention of some passing vessel. (TO BE CONTINUED,) 