,r THE SKETCHER. SPIRITUALISM IN SYDNEY. "Fiends, ghosts, and sprites, who haunt the nights," have been giving some of the good people of Sydney a pretty lively nightmare recently. Whether it be that the inhabitants of the New South Wales metropolis are more prone to mysticism than these of any other Australian eity, or simply that the com mercial depression and various excite ments due to the late monetary crisis have produced an undue degree of nervous susceptibility, it is certain that while the inner circles of the spiritists Jiave been unusually active in dreaming dreams, seeing visions, and producing materializations, a much wider circle of dubious,..but still sensible, people have been very much inclined to believe that "After all there may he something in it," "With all my experience of these hidden wonders," says Dr. McCarthy in his article in the new magazine Cosmos, *' tending as they do to revolutionize in me auduproot many strong andapparently well-grounded scienbiGo opinions, old scepticism will sometimes crop up, and 1 ask myself can such things be?" The worthy dootor, whose talented li'tle girl of ten years old has recently made such a sensation in London by her wonderful violin playing, is a clever but nervously constituted man, in whom, perhaps, the excitements of the moment may tend to hide from view thoBe circumstances at a spiritualistic seance which would give rise to greater doubt in a more phlegmatic mind. It has boen.wisely remarked that a sense of the ridiculous is one of the best safe guards which any investigator can have against being imposed upon, and cer tainly a little of this faculty would have been of service to some of those who have been so seriously and re verently following out with exemplary patience the supposed revelations pre sented by MrB. Mellon, the medium. Wo published a few days ago an account, from a leading Sydney paper, of one of the 6eances given by this lady, and our readors will therefore be able to judge of the kind of performance which has been going on week after week during the past two or three months. "Geordie," the tall young man, and his companions, the black boy and the little girl, have been very much in evidence, and the witless inanity of their proceedings has been quite enough to inspire any rational being with a wholesome dread of ever becoming a spirit—at least after the pattern of. the type displayed in the Sydney seances. A new light has, however, been thrown upon the matter through the corporeal exertions of one of the onlookers, which clearly suggests that the three mysterious visitants from the world of shadows are none other than tho medium herself done up in all the vulgar trappings of the " penny gaff." or any other form of ihird rate theatrical performance. This view of the cise is, of course, challenged ■ by those whose unquestioning faith rises superior to the evidence of tho senses, but those of the enquiring circle who possess any real spiritual aspirations ought to experience a sense of gratified relief that a matter of fact explanation is presented for what has been bo seemingly inexplicable. They should at least feel satisfaction at being afforded a means of escape from tho terrible possibility that in the dim and shadowy land of spirits they might be destined to become such as Geordie and the little girl aud the black boy. l et even in the previous stances there was surely quite enough to raise doubts as to whether the childlike ingenuousness of the serious-minded investigator was not being trifled with. Whon, for in stance, one of tho smaller ghostly visi tants approached close to a member of the circle and was asked to shake hands in order that proof of its materiali zation might bo given, it appears that Geordie had no more ingenious excuse to offer for non-compliance than that the little spirit had no hands. Mutilation then would appear to have been added to the terrors of a future life, for it cannot be contended that the child's defect in this respect was due to an accident during its terrestrial sojourn. If such were the case, and if bodily mutilation were transmitted to the spirit form in the future state, is there any one who would be able to bear such an in fliction, for instance, as the sight of all the headless victims of the French revo lution? Gould anything more blood curdling bo dreamt of than the spoctacle of a procession of heroes of the ba'tle-field minus all those parts of their physical form of which they bad beeu deprived by sword and shot and shell ? When people imagine that the doctrine of the immortality of the soul receives any genuine confirmation from such grotesque presentations of it, surely they make a great mistake ! ' An American writer describes the case of a medical man who had been to a seance, and who exclaimed on coming, away from it " What a comfort to know that immor tality is an established fact." But the author adds his own comment on that remark to the effect that "If he could have heard a man talking in a low tone of voice through an old tin dipper-handle at the south window of the ground floor, and occasionally swearing at a mosquito on the back of his neck, he would have hesitated." The photographic presentments of the Sydney materialised spirits would seem to be equally depressing with the form of their apparitions at the seances—that is to say, if one may judge from the curious looking baboon face of Geordie, looking out of a draped white sheet over the shoul der of a young woman, which appears as an illustration in Dr. McCarthy's article. Even a alight knowledge of photography .would enable any one to delect, however, that this so-called spirit photograph is a fraud. The outline of the sheet against the figure of the woman has plainly been produced by something of the nature of what is known as stopping-out varnish, and while a shadow appears on one part of it there is none at all 011 another portion where one ought to be. There are two tricks by which these apparently wonderful gboBt pictures can be produced so as to present a far more realistic effect than is here shown. One is to give to the photographic negative half an exposure in front of some peraou mas querading in a white sheet, and after wards to oomplete the exposure in front of some ordinary sitter. The effect is somewhat startling, for the form of the second sitter can be dis tinctly seen through the figure of the first. The second trick is to insert in the camera a piece of glass on which has b'en marked beforehand the outline of the ghostly figure,.not in visible paint, but in bi-sulphato of quinine or some other fluorescent invisible solution. The effect of this is that, while the shape painted on the glass is entirely unobserved by the person taking the photograph, it affects the sensitive plate and produces all the appearance of some shadowy being in front of the figures of those who may happen to be before the camera at the time. If any man will deliberately allow his faith in the unseen to r>st upon tliB evidences of vulgar exhibitions, depending upon dark cabinets, dimly lighted rooms, and photographic cameras, can it be wondered at that when the exposure ultimately comes he should experience a relapse into materialism ? 