The Storyteller. Doreen: The Story of a Singer. CHAPTER XXXVII.—MOLLIE'S ANGELS. By EDNA LYALL, Author of "Donovan," "We Two," "A Hardy Norseman," &c.; That same account of the arrest had made its way into the Bernard-street household in a somewhat curious fashion. Aunt Garth and the two elder boys were not expected home till 8 that evening, and Mollie having been pat to bed rather earlier than usual, that Mrs. Much more might go to a service, lay orooning a little Irish lullaby to her doll, when suddenly the ringing voice of a,newspaper boy made the quiet Btreet resound, and caused the child to start up that she might hear what was the thrilling intelligence that came after the words " SpeoiAl>e4itiou I" " It sounds like our name," thought Mollie with a thrill of pride; for Bhe had a child's notion thatfto " be'gn .the' newspapers" was a great dhffeoiion. "phe sprang up and ran to the windagfijhaJMßTte might hear better J surely it was " adapts of Miss O'Ryan." Had Doreen, then, taken to public Bpeaking ? Sho listened more intently as the boy approaohod, and now quite clearly the horrible truth broke upon her; the word was " arrest," and Mollie, young as she was, had heard of too many arrests not to understand precisely what that word involved. With a ory of dismay that might have touched the heart of the most inveterate hater of the Home Rule agitation, she rushed downstairs, not pausing for an instant to reflect that the oilcloth in the hall was freezing to her little bare feet, that the doormat was prickly, or that the cold* wind seemed to blow through and through her as she flung open the front door just as the newsboy was passing. His mouth was/rounding itself for a stentorian bellow when Mollies dear voice rang out im periously. "Paper 1" she called. " Whioh'll. yer 'cv, miss?" said the boy, staring at the fanny little apparition, with its dishevelled locks and wind-blown nightdress. " Both," said Mollie promptly, with a laud able desire to be impartial and to hear what was said by each side. Then, as the boy de manded twopence, Mollie, having absently felt for a pooket which didn't exist in her night gown, was foro«d to fly for help to Uncle Garthp and, to his immense astonishment, came running into his study with a breathless re quest. "Please, uncle, lend me twopenoe for a boy at the door, 'because he's in a hurry, and there's no pocket in my nightgown. I mean my purse is upstairs in my frock pocket." "My dear," said Unole Garth, his mild, dreamy eye 3 opening wider than usual, " what are you doing down here at this time of night? And you mustn't give money to beggars at the door with only your nightshirt—l should say your nightgown—on." " 'Tisn't a beggar," said Mollie; " he's a newspaper boy, and he's calling oat that Doreen's arrested." Here she sank down in a little heap on the floor and wailed. " What!" cried Uncle GaTth, stooping topiok up the newspapers. But Mollie, though "impecunious," was honest. "There's twopenoe to pay first," she sobbed, holding on valiantly to the Pall Mall Qazette. Uncle Garth hurried out to the front door and paid the boy; then, with an air of deep concern, he returned to his study and very gently picked up the little crying child. "My dear," he said, mopping her eyes assiduously with his red silk handkerchief, " pray don't cry so; these boys as often as not call out lies just to sell their papers. Let me look and see." Mollie relinquished both journals and smiled through her tears. " Oh, I do hope he was lying!" she said fer vently. But her heart Bank as she watched Uncle Garth's face while he read. The boy had evi dently been telling the truth. Uncle Garth made iaartioulate exclamations of annoyance and regret. Mollie oaught the words "She's infatuated! There's no help for it. Treading in her father's steps, and, after all, it's natural enough I" The ohild buried her faoe in Unole Garth's coat and cried bitterly. v There, there," he Baid, kissing her; " don't cry, my pet; they will not keep her long in prison, you may be sure of that." " How long ?" Bobbed Mollie. Then as she heard the length of the sentence, "Three months 1 three whole months t Why, that'll be after Easter. What did they send her to prison for?" "For putting up a hut lor some people who were turned out of their own home," said Uncle Garth. " Then," said Mollie, "if it was for doing a kind, good thing like that, of oourse God will send one of His angels to her. He always does, you know, to the people who do right and are put in prison." Unole Garth did not contest the point, or attempt to prove to the little girl that building Land League huts was " intimidation." In stead, he drew oloser to the fire, and held the little bare feet to warm, and began to tell her of the Egyptian doll which had been found after being buried for hundreds of years in a child's coffin, and of corn that had been found in a mummy's hand and had been planted here in England ages after, and had sprung up and brought forth fruit. • ' When, later on, Annt Garth and the boys returned grave and sorrowful —ior they, too, had heard the news—they found Uncle Garth still ohatting away, with the ohild on his knee, though Mollie had blissfully fallen asleep to the sound -el his soothing voice. Miohael, glad to escape from disoussion of the bad news, took her in his arms and oarried her gently upstairs, abjectly miserable when he thought of his help lessness to serve Doreen, yet proud, too, to think that she should be among those who were suffering for love of Ireland. Mollie'a lovo, whioh was always of a praotical nature, prompted her the next day to spend the whole of her playtime over a.carefully written and curiously spelt letter, whioh ran as follows:— Darling Doreen, —Bride and me mean to be very ekatiar good to please you till you come back. Wo keep praying that God will send an angel to open the prison doors like St. Peter's angel did, and Daniel's that shut the beasts' mouths. Dermot calls the majistrit a beast, and so did we till Hagar Baid she must soap our mouths if we kept saying beast, because it was a bad word for girls and that you never Eaid it. So now we only think the majistrit was a—you know what, because as we are to be ekstrar good it will not do for ub to get our mouths soaped, and beside* we bate the taste of the soap. So if you wake up one night and see a angel you won't be fritened, will you, but you'll say " Oli, that's just the angel Mollie and Bride asked for." Hagar says Paul was set free from prison by an earthquaok, she means St. Paul, not the Paul that sells roses, you know. So perhaps it may be an earthquack to set you freo, hut we shall spesh'lly ask for an angel because Bride and me think carthquaoks must be rather dredful. Auntie reads us Mr. O'Sullivan's " Story of Ire land," she says it remines her of " Tails of a Granfather," only that was Scotoh histvy and this is Irish, histry, She thinks Donal O'Sullivan a grand caracter, we are reading the part ware they crossed Ireland and they hud to eat thoir horses and use the skins for boats, ugh I Hagar says I must write very carefly because the prison orthoru ties will read the letter, I hope they'll be able to all right, ive wrote it as well as I could and these are for kisses x x x x From your loving sister, 'Mollib O'Ryan. P.S.—The kissas of course are for you not for" -the ortboruties. Mollie a.nd Bride had many seoret confabu lations about this time, Bride generally playing the part of sympathetic listener, and. Mollies fertile brain and ready tongue doing the work. " I'ye been thinking," said Mollie, as one spring day they sat together on the top of the toy-box in the nursery window, "I've been thinking, Bride, that while we're waiting for the angel to set Doreen free we might just as well be asking, top, that Max may come baok, and, that everything may come right again. There's no harm in asking, you see. And Doreen never looked quite the same sinoe the day Max gave up ooming here. I remember it was the day we went to see Signor Donati's baby, and pioked the flowers in his garden. Doreen has looked kinder sad ever sinoe then." " I love Max," said Bride; " I wish he would oome baok." " Well, we'll ask God to send him," said Mollie. " And I tell you what, Bride, we'll buy him a Easter card; there's a lovely one in Southampton-row, with four angeTs on it, and something underneath about' Seek things that are above.' It's awfully dear—it was marked sixpence. But I have got a sixpence, and if you would spend your penny on the stamp we oould get it to him." "But then we shan't have nothing to get one for Doreen," said Bride. •' What a hover it is we've not got more pennies." Mollie was silent; a look of profound medi tation stole into her blue eyes. " Don't Bpeak to me," she said, pressing both hands over her head, and staring hard at the blank brick house opposite,«as though for inspiration. "I oan kinder see a thought, but it won't let me catch hold of it. WaU, waitl Now I've got it. You. see, Bride, as only one of them can have the' card, and as Doreen loves Max, she'd much rather he had it." " We could send them eaoh a thrip'ny one," said Bride astutely. " No; but don't you 6ee that she'd rather go without, if it meant something beautifuller for him. Doreen does %so love people, and she always wants to be giving. And you know, Bride, the thrip'ny on6s are not a bit nice; they're just crosses of flowers instead of four lovely angels." "The angelB]{was very pretty," said Bride. " I think they was doing the ladies' chain in quadrille." "Oh no, Bride, no; angels don't dance; they oan fly, you know, which mqpt be some thing like skating in the air, I should think, or swimming very fast in water that doesn't wet you. The worst of it is, Hagar will never let us walk to Southampton-row alone; we shall have to ask her to stay outside the shop, because we've a nice scoret —a very spesh'ly nice secret*" > The " spesh'ly nice seoret" arrived at Biarritz on Easter Eve; for the children had prudently posted it to Monkton Verney early in the Holy Week, and the housekeeper, touched by the ohildish "Please forwarddirekly," had given it a plaoe in the. packet whioh was being sent to her master. Max, who detested letters, groaned inwardly aB he opened the bulky paokage from Monkton Verney, nor did the news he received tend to raise his spirits. There was a long letter from the -Firdale Liberal Committee, informing him of the sudden death of the member, Mr. John Steele, and asking him to telegraph an immediate reply if he were willing to stand once more for Firdale. To go through all the drudgery of an eleotion oampaign, with very probable defeat staring him in the faoe, was a dismal prospaot, and then he realised how the Horefords would dis courage the idea, how utterly unsympathetio Miriam would be, and how horribly he would feel the loss of his mother's presence and active interest. He could not and would not endure it all. He would remain abroad; he would take his ease; he would shut out from his mind all the work for whioh he no longer felt any zest. Musing thus, he turned over his remaining letters, smiling a little at the ohildish writing on the largest of the envelopes, and touched more than he would have oared to own by the elaborate angel card and the laboured inscription on the back, v With love from Mollie and Bride." " Those dear little souls; do they still care . for me?" he thought to himself, realising that the oard must have exhausted their exohequer. And then Bride's " danoing angels" somehow oarried his thoughts baok to a silent room in the Shelbourne, and to a lesson he had learnt . there, but had of late forgotten. " I must go out and get them some Easter eggs," he thought to himself, and sauntered into the town, taking some pleasure in aoleoting for his two little friends tho most fascinating presents that Biarritz would produce. Then, having posted them, he wandered on towards the sea, and found his way out to the Virgin rook, a desolate promontory reached by a little shaky wooden pier, and surmounted by a roughly hewn image of the Virgin Mary. He had suffered much during those long weeks whioh had elapsed since the day he heard of Doreen'B arre3t, Ever sinoe then he had been fighting a desperate inward battle, sometimes gaining, sometimes losing; and now, as he sought a sheltered nook among the brown rocks, and sat watohing the great Atlantic rollers as they Burged by, he knew that the time had oome for the final struggle. He must deoide at once whether he would take the un welcome plunge into the stormy arena of political life, or remain at Biarritz in self indulgent leisure and tranquillity. Watching the Bea he naturally enough fell to thinking of Doreen. She was not often out of his thoughts at the time, and now, as he reflected how the same vast Atlantio washed the shores of the very place where she was imprisoned, her influence over him was Btrong. In the dashing of the waves on the rooks below he seemed to hear her well-known voica singing the refrain of Ellen O'Leary'a song— To each—to all—l'm ever true, To God—to Ireland—and to you. Had he not promised ages before to speak for Ireland? And was he in cowardly fear to abandon the work to whioh he had pledged himself because it was likely to win him the world's disapproval? Beoause, forsooth, Ireland was out of favour and unfashionable? • Again ho listened to the surging of the waves, and again Doreen's voice seemed to ring through his heart— And, oh, ray darling, I am truo t To God —to Ireland—and to you. He sprang to his feet, fearing even a moment's delay, and promptly made his way baok to the town, where he despatched a tele gram consenting to stand again for Firdale, and announcing his immediate return to England. "I will take you at your word," he said to Miriam, when he was telling her of the surrHnons he had received ; " all these Radical doings shall not bore you; I will keep them decently in the background, and not enlist your services in the electioneering campaign." "Very well," said Miriam good-naturedly, '•and, if you really want to suoqeed, why, I wish you well. After all there are some con veniences in your being in Parliament, even if you arc on the wrong side. You will be able to get all our friends orders for the Ladies' Gallery. And tea on the Terrace is rather fun." Max spent his Easter on the railroad, and, arriving in England, went straight down to addresß a meeting of the Firdale electors. He spoke with studied moderation, but did not escape a certain amount of "heokling" with regard to his brief stay in Eilmainham. Still his old popularity stood him in good stead, and the knowledge that the contest would be a severe one proved stimulating when ho was actually at work. Firdale was aIBO a little prejudioed in his favour by the touch of pathos in his solitariness. There was no cheerful house party this time, for Monkton Verney wa3 in the hands of strangers. There was no nweet faoed Mrs. Hereford driving about the country districts and the Firdale streets; Bhe had long since been called away. There was no bright Irish singer to draw big audiences, and to oheer and inspirit the eleotors; she, report said, had jilted the young squire, probably for the sake of some worthless compatriot. All this told in his favour; and when the poll was declared it proved that tho Liberals had a majority of fifty-six, upon which there was, of course, great jubilation; and Max, in a dreamlike way, did all that was expected of of him, shook hands with the defeated candi date, stepped on to the balcony, said the few manly and modest words that he ought to have said, and wa3 loudly cheered by tho crowd. But all the time he felt a miserable aching void which utterly marred his triumph. Everywhere he saw the loving blue eyes that had looked into his so tenderly on the day of his defeat; through all the cheers of the crowd he heard Doreon's response to bis question whether next time hs should have her help, " Why, of course, you will always have it when you want it." x That afternoon he walked out quite alone'ta Monkton Verney, longing to get away from Firdale, longing for peace and quiet. Takings short out aorosß the park, he obanoed to oomd across old Goody, who had already heard of his triumph and was full of congratulations. " And oh, sir," she added, " I'm main glad the ghost's laid. Have the/ told you ?" " Why, that's good hearing," he said with a laugh. " The house will let far more easily if that idle tale is knooked on the head." •• Well, sir, it was Miss O'Ryan; she wrote and told me just what it was, and we've all seen it now; but she was the one that was bold enough tp walk right up to it, and till ahe touched the bare wall with her own hand she thought it was his lordship." " When was Miss O'Ryan here ?" asked Max with a curious twinge of pain at his heart. And Qoody, nothing loath, gave him a graphic description of the visit early in January, and took great delight in showing him the gargoyle whioh had so long been terrifying the people by its life-like shadow. Max, when he had taken leave of the old crone, wandered on to the ohurohyard, thinking over the story he had just heard. "My brave Doreenl" he said to himself, '• that was exactly like you ; your heart throbbed and your knees trembled, but you walked straight up to the ghost and laid hold of it." The wind sighed drearily through the eburoh yard trees and seemed again to repeat those haunting words, " You will always have it when you want it." He went and stood for a moment, with bared head, beside his mother's grave. There was the wreath of whioh Goody had spoken, the offering of lovely white 7 flowers whioh Doreen had specially brought over on his mother's birthday. He himself had forgotten the day altogether. It is only wonfen who remember those little delicate touches which Borrietimee, by their very fineness, do more to brighten and oonsole than far more solid bits of work. She bad somehow found time for thought in the midst of her busy life, and he, in his wealth of leisure, had forgotten. "Beg pardon, sir," said the old sexton, hobbling up as Max turned away from the grave. "Shall I tidy up the turfs a bit, and throw away that there dead wreath ?" " No," said Max, glancing at the brown and shrivelled remains; " leave all juat as it is." "I'm glad to hear o' your suooess, sir," said the old man. "And I hope I see you better." " Thank you, Brown. Yes, lam quite well. Good day." And in no mood to bear another word Max left the churchyard and walked drearily back to Firdale, without daring to glance at his old home or at Booksbury. Chapter XXXVIII.—A Three Months' Sentence. It was quite late in the evening when Doreen arrived at the prison. Sht looked up at the high, blank walla and at the grim, gray, battle mented entrance, and shuddered a little. In this prison, long ago, her father had onoe spent four or five months at the time of the Smith O'Brien Bising. She remembered vividly his description, in after years, of the way in which the bed. he had been allowed to hire had rotted away from the damp of his cell. It was here that he had first developed that delicacy of ohest whioh had ultimately caused his death, and whioh had, she feared, been inherited, more or less, by all bis ohildren. Within those walls, moreover, she remembered to have heard that in the famine years hundreds of prisoners had died in one week. No doubt a very different state of things now> prevailed, but the associations of the place still seemed to haunt it. It had lately been con verted into a female prison, and Doreen in quired eagerly whether any other politioal prisoners were there. The matron who re ceived her replied in the negative; and Doreen sighed a little, knowing that this meant thai she was condemned to absolute solitude. " Never mind," she thought to herself. "If all I oan do here is to suffer, I mast try to suffer well." This thought helped her to endure all petty discomforts of her first initiation into the rules and regulations of the place, and before long Bho found herself alone for the night, a very taciturn female warder having brought her a oup of tepid tea and some food. " Theyrll not keep you to the prison fare," observed her attendant, giving her a long, searching look. " Food will be specially ordered in for you to-morrow. The gas will be turned off in twenty minutes." •• Thank you," Baid Doreen. " Good night." To this remark the warder made no response; it was an attention to which she was not accustomed; but just as she was leaving the cell she remarked, a trifle less gruffly, "I think, too, yon'll have the right to order in bedding"; and without leaving the prisoner an instant to respond to this cheering sugges tion she clanged the door behind her. Doreen Bhivered. She had often heard Donal Moore say how that sound, more than any other, affects a prisoner; bat she tried to smile, and, as she drank the tepid tea and ate. the food that had been brought for her, she valiently forced herself to make a parody on " Oh, the olang of the wod&en; shoon." It was not a very successful attempt. She bcoame wofully consoious that every bone in her body was aching, that her heart felt like lead, and that, whether she liked it or not, here, in this tiny room, with its bare white walls, she must remain for three calendar months. It was bitterly cold, too, and she longed, as Bhe had never longed before, for a fire ; it was quite in vain that she cronched beßide the hot pipes with which the cell was provided. For, when you have driven many miles on an outside oar in pouring rain, on a cold winter's day, and have then, in your wet clothes, had to Bit for some time in a draughty railway carriage, you will certainly find if, into the bargain, you have been thinly clad, overtired, and underfed, that it takes more than a hot pipe to warn you. When the gas was suddenly turned off, and she groped her way across the cell to the most unyielding mattress it had ever been her lot to lie on, a sudden dreadful craving for Mollie and Bride and the familiar room in Bernard street, with the little lamp beneath Max Here ford's cross, came over her, and she burst into an agony of tears* * At that very moment the warder was remark ing to one of her companions, " It's the very first of them strong-minded females I've set eyes on." 11 And I heard the police as brought her say she was a rare plucked one," remarked another wardev. "He said she Btood up as bold as could be before tho magistrate, aud quoted the Bible against him." " Lawks 1" said the other. "Is there any thing in the Soripture to suit with the Land League?" Doreen woke at leaßt a dozen times during the night, and always to the same horrible realisation that she was a prisoner. The moon was full, and its light brought out into sharp relief the scanty furniture of the oell and the heavily barred window. She wondered much what Max would say to the news. He would hear about it at Biarritz, and General Hereford would rejoioe to think that his nephew had no longer any connection with her. Would Max feel just a little eorry for her? Would he defend her when other people said hffrah things? Would he onoe more be stirred into trying to serve Ireland ? Or would he only feel thankful that he was out of the strife in the sunny south ? Would he bo glad to think that 'they no longer belonged to each other? But at that intolerable thought she once more broke down and Bobbed her heart out. "It isn't true! He is mine—l am his —whatever happens! His though I can do nothing for him—nothing! Oh, Max! Max! Max 1 Come baok to me ! Come baok!" Bat her brave spirit soon rose ahpve the Btorm of emotion. " I am a fool," she said, drying her eyes; "God has not allowed me to be sent here without some good purpose— perhaps* after all, I can serve Ireland better in prison than at large. And I shall have more time to pray than ever in ray life before. It's a lie tbat I can do noThing for Max ; I can help him even if he hates me. Oh, my God 1 let me help him ! I ask for nothing more but just to help him 1" And so the thfee months b?gan, and tbe first month seemed liko a year; for it was long before Doreen could grow acoustomed to the deadly monotony that contrasted so sharply with her ordinary life. For two hours in eaoh day she was allowed to walk in the exeroise yard; for the remaining twenty-two hours she was shot up in the dismal little oell, and though no work was expected of her and she had nothing to complain of, the mere imprisoment was terrible to one of her disposition. The Chief Seoretary had sent special orders that Bhrwasto be allowed to see visitors, to have books, and to be treated with every considera tion. Doreon knew that he would fain have released her, but that bis unflinching determination to support the aotion of the magistrates at alt* costs forced him against his own inclination to refuse to interfere. She felt genuinely sorry for him; yot it per plexed her muoh to think that in the faoe of tiie utter failure of his policy of repression he Bhould still cherish the idea that Ireland could be coerced into order and patience while the horrible evils were still unredreesed. Tbe seoond month, however, passed much more quickly. She had recovered from the severe cold which had followed on the fatigue and exposure she had undergone on the day of her arrest. She had nleo become accustomed to the restrictions and annoyanoes of deten tion, had learned to endure the thought of having her letters read, and had lost that Shrinking dislike to being oooped up with some particularly repulsive-looking criminals when she attended service in the chapel. " I wish I could do something for them," ■he said one day "when two of her father's old friends, members of the religions order _of the Christian Brothers, were visiting her. " Often when I look at them in the ohapel I think of your oases of specimens at the Bohool, showing wanoiaotuiea from their earliest to their latest''strip; most of the prisoners seem to me in ihe primary stage, and there is nothing here, absolutely nothing, to help them on to the next. It's not the least use for the chaplains to preach at them. And they don't try indireoi means, like music They say throughout Ireland no music is as jet permitted in prisons. In England it is permitted, and has been found very useful." "Why don't you ask the Chief Seoretary about it? You Bay you know him. An appeal oould do no harm," said the elder of her visitors. " I have a very good mind to ask him if I may not sing to the other prisoners on Easter Day," said Doreen. " I was as hoarse as a raven all last month, but my voice is coining baok again now." « , The Chief Seoretary gave a ready consent, and the prison authorities, who, however muoh they detested the Land League, could not help being touched by Doreen's cheerful and uncomplaining patience, gladly hailed the daring innovation. A more extraordinary audienoe she had never sung to; but there was something almost dreadful in the way in which she at once felt that she had riveted their attention, that the music was irresistibly drawing them up out of their miserable memories and their evil thoughts. It seemed to her that she oould almost Bee them passing to that " next stage" of whioh she had spoken to the Christian Brothers. She sang them first "Oh that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments" from Sullivan's "Prodigal Son," and as the last tender repetitions of " Turn yo, turn ye—why will ye die ?" rang through the plaon she could gee that tears were raining down the faces of gome of those very women whose - look of hardened wickedness had at first appalled her. • Then she gave them " I kfiow that my Bcdeemer liveth," and "Come unto Him," from the " Messiah," ending with a well-known hymn to whioh neither of the chaplains objected. The experiment had been suoh an evident sucoess that the priest and the clergy man and the matron began to cherish hopes of persuading the Government to Bapply musical instruments for the chapels, though they were well aware that much red tape would have to be manipulated before suoh an outlay would be agreed to. Daring that Easter week Doreen received another of Mollie'a oarioußly Bpelt but very oomforting letters. It contained a graphio deßoription of the arrival of the presents from Biarritz. -v "We are keeping some of the- ohooklits for you," wrote the ohild, "as Michael thinks the orthorutie? wouldn't let you have them praps now. But I Bend you the paper Max sent with them, and hope you'll like it as well as a card; there wasn't enough money to get cards for both of you, and we sent him a nice one instcd. Bride says, ' Tell Doreen when she oomes home I shall never let her go away again, but will oling round her neok, and my clings are very firm.' " The paper enolosed was a mere line hastily sorawlcd in penoil: " With lovo from Max. The angels have reached me safely—a thousand thanks." On the whole, Doreen thought she liked it as well as an Easter oard. Slowly, very slowly, the April days passed on. Doreen. supposed it was the relaxing climate and the mild spring weather that made her feel so tired and languid. Sometimes it was all she could do to keep up her allotted time in the exercise yard; but she struggled on, being loath to return to her dreary little cell before it was absolutely necessary. When at last the hour of her release approached, exoite ment gave her for the time a fictitious strength ; her face was radiant as she quitted the prison and joined Doaal Moore's wife, who had come to the South on purpose to meet her. Her fellow-WQrkors would fain have kept her in Ireland, but there were engagements in London which she was bound to keep; and, moreover, her whole heart was crying out for the children, and she could only be persuaded to spend the night in the Moores' hou3e, orossing by the morning boat, and arriving in London that evening at to 6. Michael and Dermot awaited her on the platform, and their eager delight at getting her baok once more, their vociferous greetings, their intense exoite ment, made her forget all her fatigue. "It is worth while going to prison only for the sake of coming home again," she said, laughing. "And lookl lookl there are my darlings on the balcony. I only hope they won't shake the thing, down; it looks more than a hundred years old." She sprang out of the o%b and hastened into the house, where Mollie and Bride oame flying downstairs to cling round her neck with the eager, child- like love whioh her heart had been aching for all those weary months. And then oame Aunt Garth's tender and rather tremulous embrace, and Uncle Garth's kindly welcome, with no allusion at all to her " wrong-headed adoption of Nationalist views," but a genuine gleam of relief and pleasure in his quiet eyes as - he realised that the sunshine had returned to his house. Last of all there was Hagar Much more's warm reoeption in the sntig little nursery. " Guess a oup o' te* and a bit o' hot buttered toast will hearten you up after your journey," she said, having unceremoniously kissed her mistress. " Give me your hat and jaoket, and just you sit down and rest. Why, for the land's sake! what have they been doing to you in prison ?" " They certainly didn't starve me," said Doreen, laughing. "I was very well treated; there was a great deal more sent in than I could eat. I used to wish I could send the remains to Portland to Mr. Moore. Why are you (.taring so at me? It's months sinoe I saw a looking-glass. Is there any change in my face?" She laughingly orosaod the room to an old mirror that hang above the mantelpiece. — " Ah t my cheeks have fallen in rather, and 'my eyes look bigger. Never mind. Home will soon cure me." They were still laughing and talking round the tea table when the servant came to announce that-Mr. Farrant was in the drawing-room. Mollie and Bride murmured a little that a visitor 3hoald ~so soon have interrupted their peaoe.; bat Doreen, with an eager hope that she might learn something about Max from hia friend, ran swiftly downstairs, glad to meet once more a man for whom she had a profound respect. " I have not come to detain you for long," said the member for Oreyßhot, taking her hand in his. " I only wanted to welcome you baok again, and to bring you the good news, if, indeed, some one has not already forestalled me." "What news?" she asked eagerly, for, though rumours of coming ohange had reaohed her in Dublin, nothing had been definitely known. "The Ohief Secretary has resigned," said Donovan Farrant. "It seems that, at last, the English Government and the Irish people are learning to trust each other, are willing to credit each other with honest intentions, and to work harmoniously for the good of Ireland. The prisoners are to be released. There is to be no renewal of the Coercion'Aot," Doreen's face grew radiant. " Thank God!" she stfd reverently. ~ " The night of mistrust is ovor at last." " Now I dball not Btay a moment longer," said Donovan Farrant; "for I know your little people ara hungering for you after this long absence." "Is Mrs. Farrant well ?",. asked Doreen. " 1 have scarcely seen her for a really comfortable talk since the Firdale election." "She is very well, thank you. By-the-bye, you have heard, I suppose, of the late eleotion at Firdale? Mi\ Steele died while you were in prison, and Max Hereford is just'olected. He took his seat only yesterday. This will be a very auspicious time for the beginning of his public life." This news seemed to fill Doreen's cup of happiness to the brim. Hef prayers had been answered. Max had left the unsatisfactory li.'c of purposeless wandering abroad, and had cu::.c baok to work at the very time when he couid best serve her country. All through that week she lived in a sort of dream of hope and joy; and when Donal Moore, released from gaol, came on the following Saturday to see how his wards were prospering, there was such merriment and glad content, such eager talk and overflowing mirth, as the walls of the respeotable Bernard-6treet drawing-room had never before witnessed. There had been light hearted gaiety, it is true, fifteen months before, on the evo of Donal Moore's arrest; but thing) had been very dark for Ireland, and they knew that trouble was in store. Now the hearts of all the Irish patriots were raised in glad expectation; for at last it soemed that their redemption was drawing nigh. [to be continued.] 