THE TRAGEDY OF A DINNER PARTY. ' Black iino White." Imagine a number of people gathered round a dinher: table in London, in fashionable quarter, at the height of the season. Imagine the long table brilliant ■with glass, and sugared bonbons, and orchids. Imagine a host who has sprung from nothing and grown into so much wold and a hostess who has come of a good stock and descended into diamonds. Among a sprinkling of politicians and society butterflies, sit a certain Captain Power and a certain young Heiress, as beautiful as sbe is rich. On the mans other side is the daughter of the house, a pale-faced girl with the manners of a duchess, and a brain that has been crushed by the weight of gold. - " I think," she says, gently, " that we must try and persuade you to come to us for Henley, Captain Power. We are in tending to decorate the house-boat in quite a new style." ~ "How?" ■ " Oh, papa has some artist -with a ■wonderful scheme of color," says the girl, -with a puzzled, doubtful expression. " I suppose it will be all light." •-You know I am always engaged " the man commences, when the Heiress breaks in. "Oh, yes; hut this'year you must come. I am to be there, too, and we can hare such fun." The soldier flushes. " I must think about it," be an swers. The pale girl notes that the Heiress was flushed, too ; and sighs, " I suppose," the Heiress goes on, " that you have seen Loie Fuller ? " " Yes," he answers, at random, with his blue eyes watching her face. _ "She makes a beautiful, artistic picture," the pale girl says. "A picture!" " The color effects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can discover in a wood fire." . „ The Heiress murmurs " charming, and Captain Power seems a little at a loss bow to continue. The Heiress notes the crestfallen appearance of the roan on her other side, who has taken her into dinner, and flings him a word or two in order to restore his appetite. In a pause in the conversation, the roan that is all gold is heard announcing the face that he has bought Lord So and-So's yacht; a young roan, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly ronses himself enough to discuss Ibsen with a juvenile old lady on his right, and in another pause makes an awkward remark on " Ghosts." The lady of the house, with some tact, drowns his voice and his stupidity by asking bcr neighbors if they will have some burned almonds, and pass her the olives; while the captain, who has commenced a pretty speech to the Heiress, breaks off and looks at any thing in the room but her face. ... Then the conversation, which is trivial and uninteresting, recommences. The few clever men there arc—like the still fewer clever women—crushed by the weight of gold. It surrounds them in every form; itr flows to them even in the voice of their host, and they can not struggle against it- Their only retalia tion will be their remarks the nest day to a sympathetic circle of friends. In the midst of it all the captain tells the Heiress that jicrhaps he wall go to Henley, and she murmurs foolishly, hut prettily: " Oh, don't go merely to please me. " But it will be a pleasure." " You have always refused before." "I refuse nothing now that takes me where yon are." "It is sweet of you to say that—but, of course—I " " You can quite believe it—and you know yon do believe it. That reminds me; will you let me come and see you to morrow " As she blushes and veils her eyes with their long, dark lashes, he breaks off. One of the men-servants has whispered that be is wanted, and will ho come into the hall ? Puzzled and much surprised, he mur murs an excuse and rises. The Heiress leans across his empty chair and tells the pale-faced daughter of the house that she lias persuaded the captain to come to Henley. " How good of you," answers the other with a glance that, is anything but good, for the Heiress has a triumphant smile which is maddening. The captain's footsteps echo on the parquet, then there is a pause and^ the intervening door3 are hurriedly closed. As he comes into the light of the hall, he stands amazed, and for one instnntlooks like a man in a dream. A woman, gayly attired in cheap finery, comes forward and prefaces her words with a drunken " Thought I was dead, Jim, didn't yer ?" " Yes," he answers sternly, and grow ing very white. " Well, I ain't. Where do you hang out? " " Why did you follow me here ? " " Saw you drive this way, and came in. Knew you used to dine here in the old days, when the girl of the house was a mere.kitl. 'Spect you intended to make up to her now, as you thought I was out of the way ? " " There is a pause. The ladies ar heard leaving the dining-room, but they ascend by another staircase, and do not pass that way. Captain Powers whole face hardens. ■" What do you want with me ? " he asks. "Well, you're my husband, ain't yer? " "Yes." "Then. I want money, and I'll not worry yoa again." "I must go," he speaks with an effort, " and make my excuses upstairs. Wait forme outside; don't stay here." " Mind you come! Ho games, or I'll lack up a pretty row ! " " You can trust me. How. go. 1 will be with you in ten minutes." The Heiress meets his eyes as he comes into the large drawing-room and notices nothing; she greets him with a smile that is enchanting, and waits for him to join her. The daughter of the house rises hurriedly, and as quickly resumes her seat. The captain speaks to her mother, explains that he has had bad news—to that fact his white hps testifj'—and is called away. The blaze of the diamonds flashes in his eyes for a moment, and she says something politely sympathetic. He moves on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle, to where the Heiress stands. "I am obliged to go away," he says,' in a broken voice. " And not come to Henley ? " " It is quite impossible now." She is piqued, and shows it. " Oh, very well. Good-bye." He looks at herewith a dog's eyes, full of entreaty, but she turns her proud little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near. As he crosses the room, his very senses dulled with paiu, he misses the pale daughter of the house. Onqe1 outside in the passage he comes face to face with her. " You are ill or 111 great irouble!" she cries ; " I am very sorry." He hesitates, and she goes on ; " You needn't tell me. I can see it -M j your face. I hope all will end well." "You are very kind," he remarks stupidly. ".Have you any friend " she | Commences; but he breaks in ; "Ho—no friend can .help me. You | are very kind." In a dazed way he hplds ont his hand, but she shrinks back and feigns not to notice it. He is conscious ihat he is wounding her," but the Heiress and her beauty have blinded Jiim; Ms one wish is to escape. " If I don't see you again," she iqieaXo; Siurriedly—" if you need a wom'an'-s'nid an any way; remember I should he so •glad-—j " Yes,"yes.' ImxtS?jrd. Thank you a tfbousamd times:" :,. ? . ' u He takes her hand, hut her small fingers slip through his, and, without another j word, she passes him and is gone. ! The men are preparing to join the ; ladies ; the Heiress, hearing their voices, ! moves her seat to a sofa where there are i places for two, and Captain Power j descends the great staircase and passes i out of the hull. into the dark streets, and what awaits him there ? 