THE STONY OF A DIAMOND NECKLACE. Vienna jewellers are losing their re putation for caution. Scarcely two months have elapsed since one of the wariest was taken in by " Abraham's Emerald," and now another theme for nine days' talk has been afforded by one of the first firms of the city, INot that ; they paid for a rnby or any emerald and received a piece of coloured glass in re turn. It would be somewhat too soon as yet for the same trick to be success- : ful again, or even tried. Nor is the only source of danger that of mistaking glass for precious - stones. Selling is beset with considerably more traps even than baying, and it was iii the sale of one. of the masterpieces that the firm were out witted, and tho heads of : the establish ment received a lesson not . soon to be forgotten. This is hot precisely a great market for precious stones ; but the jewellers in question have none the less acquirea a European celebrity for diamond neck laces, which are said to surpass ; any thing foilhd in London or Paris. They; represent : the highest effort . of the jewellers art and skill, and fender attractive female beauty "simple irre sistible, and, for her own counteth not the cost, constitute the more perfect ornament conceivable. But they cer tainly are expensive, and the husbands ; and lovers are few and far between . who ;can! afford to invest : one of Messrs . ; X.'svmecklaces to : adornthe_: fair, necks vof.thel.womenof their hearts.-). - O ? t|p:£3plen( that " , /was- heard among the shopmen a few days "ago - when'-- a » well : dressed '-young gentleman entered the shop, introduced himself as Count 0., and ex pressed his wish to see the head of the firm for the purpose, he said of ordering a diamond necklace. Mr X. very soon came down, his face one vast, substantial smile, and, in words " sweet as honey from the lips distilled," signified his readiness to do the will of his distin guished visitor. " I want a diamond necklace," was the reply ; " but the very best you have." We have" none hut the best, Count; hut, as tastes differ, you shall see all we have here now, and can choose the one that pleases you most. And in a few min utes the young nobleman's eyes were literally dazzled with strings "of pre cious stones, which looked like serpents of fire and light as they were coiled and uncoiled, catching in their move ments the rays of the setting sun, as they came through the plate glass win dows of the shop. - The Coant greatly admired the dis play, carefully examined the necklaces, stone for stone, then stepped back: a few paces and viewed each one apart ; and, after a long hour's inspection, . jLiiccu iriiiee boriKG my iancy with equal force, but I only require one. I cannot choose between them. I will certainly take one of them, but I think I must leave the choice to the Lady herself. Her name is no doubt fami liar to your ears — Miss W. ; " and he mentioned the name of one of the best opera singers in Austria and in Central Europe. "Familiar!" replied the head of the firm I should think it was ! she is one of our very best custom ers." " How curious ! " remarked the Count. " Well, now, I want you to send these three necklaces to the lady, and I will look back in here to-morrow and pay the bill. She will have made her choice by then." " With pleasure, Count ; with pleasure ! I trust you will honor us with your custom in fu- 'l,9er.laiuly 1 wU1 Good after- i IlOOn Obunb'tvtt,goi£o?$l3VK9i 1 Herr X. pondered a few moments over the whole transaction before car- . rying out his instructions. Everything, however, seemed in perfect order. The young man belonged to one of the best and richest families in the Monarchy \- — provided, of course, that the name he had given really belonged to him. Nobody knew the members of the family by sight ; but then their place was not far off, and — but no, there was no need sending over to make in quiries, and there might be some incon venience, as the young man might possibly like to keep the transaction to himself. Besides there could be no danger in taking the things to the lady, for she was well known to the firm — one of their best customers, in fact — and ten diamond necklaces would be absolutely safe in her possession. " Anyhow I will go myself and take them there," said the jeweller " and see the thing through." And he drove at once to the address given by the Count. It was not the address at which the diva herself had lived when she had been last at his shop ; but then she might have changed it lately, and in any case be would see, and this question of her address would prove a touchstone of the Count's iden tity. " Does Fraulein W. live here ? " he enquired of the doorkeeper, as the handsome palled up at the house. " Yes, sir. Moved in a few weeks ago." " Is she at home now ? " "Don't know I am sure. But I fancy she is out. She generally is out at this time of day." Herr- X. went- up stairs and rang the bell. " Is Frauline W. at home?" "Yes, sir." "Announce me please." : And a moment later lie was asked to step into the drawing-room. "Frau- line TV., I- have come on a vdry plea sant errand— to ask you to choose one of three diamond necklaces, which is . destined to vie, and vie in vain, with the charms bestowed upon you by na ture." " What do you mean asked the , lady ? " whose countenance had assum ed: the form of a note of interrogation. <: " I. mean that Count 0. has been choos -ing a necklace for you; that he- has. carefullyikscrutinized >:all we have in stock; and; haviiig selected these three, asks -you to say which of them you -.prefer." " Count, O., did you say ?" V Yes ; Count Ferdinand 0. You know him, - of course ? " " Not I ; : r: never saw nor spoke to him in my life ! " ; " Strange,— very strange ! Here is his card. I daresay he is an admirer . iL> of your delightful singing, and intends to give a tangible shape of his apprecia- _ tion ; arid, if I may say so, he has made proof of admirable judgment in select ing a diamond necklace. I expected v to see hirii here; but this "is perhaps, the harbinger of his visit." "Yes, that may be," answered the lady, look ing admiringly at the diamonds. " I ";V have often beard of him . He is always &>?in-;the opera, and does, I know, take a :xgreat interest in music of all kinds." " The jeweller then invited a careful \- , " inspection of the three necklaces, po nted beauties of each, and laid special stress ? on the best of the three, which, of course, was the most expensive of the lot. Half- aurhour passed in this way, hot the : young Count failed to put an appearance. " What do you intend to do?" asked Fraulien W. at length. "Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer, loonfile the three necklaces to yonr safe keeping, Fraulien J I know they will be as well looked after here as at our shop. And, when Chunt 0. does call, and you have selected one of Ihem, he will come and settle up. It will not last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to come in the morning, in any case." And Herr X took his leave rejoicing. It never once occurred to him that he had left any loophole in the arrangement through which a mouse, not to say a swindler, could squeeze himself. But there is nothing like experience for teach ing us practical wisdom. Herr X. had not left the salon a quarter of an hour, when, the young man who called himself Count 0. rushed breath less into the room and vehemently de-. manded the three diamond necklaces. " Tho jeweller, Herr X.," he said, " has sent me this moment to say that they were left here by mistake— a mistake which be deeply regrets and apologises for." In reply to the lady's questions he further explained that the count's in structions had been misunderstood. He wanted the necklaco for Miss B., -who lived in the same house as Miss W., only one story higher, and a mistake had been made in the names. The. lady' was n >t in the least surprised. " So this is the solution of the mystery. Yes ; I was thinking myself that there must be some mistake else the Count would have cal led here long ago," And she - handed him the precious parcel. He expressed his profound thanks aud hurried away, and thelady thought n > more of her dis appointment that evening. ' Next morning the jeweller . was."an- noticed, and she ordered the! servant: to show him in. He had come, no -doubt, to- apologise for the mistake. and she "re ceived him with a smile that told 'very plainly how she appreciated the f-m o it. Ho looked more serious and business like than the evening before, and opened the conversation with the poser : " Well Fraulein, I hope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recom mended ? It is by far the bes! of he three ; and, as for the stones, I can -as sure you that Princess P., when she saw them a few weeks ago— — " " But yon seem to be in a very jocular mood this morning, Herr X. I don't quite see, though, where the joke . comes in. 1 thought from . the very beginning that the necklaces were not meant for me, and it was you who suggested that they remain in my keeping. But this has gone far enough. I don't wish to hear any more about it." " What do you mean, Fraulein ? Has the coun no yet called ?'' " Oh ! please stop "hat ! You know as well as I do that <he neck lace was for Fraulein B. upstairs, and. your shopman took i' to her last night." " What in -heaven's name do yon m an' ? Where are my diamond necklaces ?" And Herr X. was as pale as a ghost as he asked the question. Fraulien W., equally astonished at his horrified coun'enance, told- him all that had taken place after his departure the evening before. "My God ! Have I been victimised by a clever swindler?" lie exela rued, when it was ended, aud paced the room like an infuriated tiger in his cage. After a time he stopped suddenly, and, turning to the diva, said : " Frau lein, will, you kindly accompany me at once to the shop ? I want you to tell the story which you Have just narrated to the police, and put them on the track of the scoundrel at once. It may yet be possible to recover the property ; but we must be quick." Miss W. un graciously signified her ascent, and the two hurried off to theshop with feelings too stormy for words. Herr X. opened the door, which set a number of elec tric bells ringing, and, to his utter standing" ab- the - r counter— witnsorafe necklaces displayed before bim. The jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon his prey, but the young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones and said, "-There are - your necklaces. Nniv. listen- " "Ynn sir: are a— — ! " "Now do be calm, please, and let me finish what I have to say ; then you may talk as much as you like.",. " Count O." " That's me ; and I have come to compensate you for the little joke I perpetrated. The fact is I made a bet with Count S. that I would go to the best firm of jewellers in 1 Yienna and deprive them of the pos session of a lot of jewellery for at least one night — of course solely for the pur pose of winning the wager. I have now scored a brilliant success, and won the stakes. . It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Frau line W.,. who so ably, if involuntarily, seconded my efforts " .. And the Count selected, not indeed a diamond neck lace, but a magnificent bracelet, and requested Frauline W. to honor him by wearing it as a souvenir of the curi ous incident in which she had played such a prominent part. The jeweller, relieved on recovering his diamonds, was perfectly pacified by the sale of the costly bracelet and the promise; of the . Count's future custom. The young man himself, in addition to his satisfaction of having won the extraordinary bet, had reason to congratulate himself ou the fortu nate circu instance that the police did not get wind of his doings until they were known to bo a mere practical joke. 