TREASURE BEACH. A BUCCANEER STORY CONCLUDED. IV. — MOJIB Trkaoubrv. Tho two captains being once mors in the samo vostel it was mutually agreed that, until another suitablo ship was come abroeB, thoy should resume thelrold relation. Cajiar accordingly rcsumod hia position of lientcnant with ono reservation. This was, that tie should continue to sharo equally with Flood ia all plunder. Tho amonnt ot treasure accumulated by tho pair woa now considerable. Alwayn droading treaohory, not only from their men, bat also from oach otbor, it was deemed desirable that some tnore oeonro place than tbo ship should bo found for their ill- gotten gains. A hiding-plooo on shore was, therefore, sought oat, and a favorable op portunity awaited for tho romovul on shore of the most voloablo and portablo portion of their hoards. One moonlight night, whon the orow wore all bolow, bmily occupied in tbair customary work of gaming and drinktug,tho scheme woe carried out. A usual whon at anohor, no watch was kopt, and Flood bad taken tho precaution of serving out an extra quantity of rum that night. About midnight nil tlio crow wore cither dead drunk or bo far gone oh to bo totally inoapaeitatodfrom any actlvo in terference with tho project. C:csar wept forward nnd viowod tho ecanc bolow, through the open hatchway, with satisfaction. All of tho men woro fast aslcop, oxoepfe a half-dozen or so, who itill sat round ths table in a maudlin condition with half-olosodoycs. There woa uo fear of any interruption from tbom, and ho at onco rotnrnod aft and juinod Flood iu tho oabiu. "Woll," queried tbo latter, "is all safe?" "Perfectly," answered Cauar; "tho brntos are nearly all dead drunk, and not ono of them could crawl on dock to save bis life." " Then tbe sooner wo get our littlo job dono tbo bettor, "said Flood, rising. " Von go oo deck nod get the skiff alongside ; I'll sco about getting tho » swsg' up." The powdor magazine openod off tho oabin, and Flood unlookod the door and went in with a lantorn iu bis hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder woro rangod round. Ploklng hla way through thoso, ho opoaed a trap-door in the floor at tho far end and disclosed a low chamber nnderno&th.; Ciesar meantime went on deok, and after drawing tho small boat up closo under tbo stora, ho rojoined Flood below. A oouple of strong wooden chests, damped with iron at th corners, lay in tho spartmont benoath tho magazine. One of thoso was quiokly hauled up aud carried on dock. With as little noise as possiblo it was then lowored on board tbo skiff, and tho two mon took their places beside It. The painter was then unloosed, and Crciiav taking tho sculls pulled rapidly to tho shoro. Here tho box was pat ashore and tho boat hauled up a few yards on tbo sand. Tho spot soleotod for tho recaption of tho treasure was nt tho oliffs on the oast aide of tho bay. Taking the ohost between them, the two pirates made (or thla spot without delay. Thero was no path, and tho ground was rough and ia some places overgrown with scrub, but in a short Urno tho 0f tho rook was roaohed. As wo havo already desaribod, tho oliff at this point rises abruptly from tho sea. About 30ft from tho top a ledge of rock runs along the faoe, on which a fow bushes find a 1 precarious roct-hold and oxlstonce. When tho pirates had recovered thoir wind thoy carried tholr chest to tho edge of tho prooi- pioo aud then, fastening a ropo to it, caro- fully lowered It till it rested on this lbdvo. The other end of tho ropo was thoa hitched to a tree which grew near, and both men slid down to where tho box was. Tho ropo was then uutastoned, and the box dragged to a part of tho ledge whore tbo bushes grow thickly. Parting thoso aside a small opening was discovered in tho fuce'of tho rook. Into this tho cheat was thrust, and although tho oponing was only a few fcot In depth, thoro was amplu room. A fow ploces of rook woro pilod In front, and when tho bushes sprang tack into their natural position, the hidlng-plaoe was com plotaly voiiod. Thero was no way of reach ing tho lodge oxespt by the means dssoribed, and nothing was thero to show that hnmoa beings had ever been near tbe place. Their work completed, tho two men pre pared to rO'SJoond. Flood was firat, and had hold of tho ropo to draw himsolf up. Suddenly he turnod to Oiusar, who stood olose bohiud him, and exclaimed : — ' Halloa I what's np with tbo schooner 1 Look at her quiok !" Ctcaar turned to look at tho Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on tho moonlit waters of tho bay. As ho did so, Flood, quiok as lightning, swung himself np tho rope ; then, with one foot stayed against tho oliff, ho throw out tho other, caught Ciusar fairly bctwoon tho shoulders and hnrled him ovor thepreoiplco. It was tho work of a moment ; but whether tho result of a proooocolvod plan, or tho impulse of a sudden, avaricious and murderous thought, ean nevor bo known. Flood paused till be heard tho splosh of Ida victim in the water below, and then hur riedly aiconded tho cliff. On tho top he lay down and looked over the edgo for some time. The bottom of tbo preolpioo was in deep shadow, and, seeing or hear ing nothing, he concluded his murderous work had been successful Hurrying down to the beaoh ho launched tho skiff, and at cnoo rowed off to the aohooner. Fastoniogthe boat alongside, Mood cautiously slipped down tbe oabin stair, totted off a bumper of brandy, and sat down to think. After a Uttle he got up and repaired to CiDtar s sleeping berth, when ho found a oap belonging to his late comrade and partner. With this in his hand he went on deok. Listening at tho fore-hatch ho found all quiet, and going to tho side ho pitched tho oap overboard. Ho saw it slowly drift astern, and then, running forward, ho ahoutod down the hatohway to the sleeping orow "lion overboard I Wake np there, you drunken swabs, and lend a band here ?" Throo or four of the men bad recovored sufficiently from the offoots of their orgio to respond to his call, and staggered on dook in a hatf-dazod condition. "Look sharp," Flood orlod ; "Crcsar's got drunk and fallen overboard! Haul up tho boat and get In, somo of you." Throo sailor jumped into the skiff and pushed off, Flood standing ou the laffraii to direct their movemonte. "There ho Is," he called to thorn, pointing astern ; " then he is, jnst sinking for the third time ! Poll, you brutes, or you'll Ios9 him I" The men rowed ae best they oould in their Hll muddled stato in tho direction indicated, bnt, ot oourse, saw no sign of their lien- tenant. Tlio cap vbn picked op and identified as Cfcuar's, ana it w«s thereupon couoladtd that tho worthy hid gone to tbo bottom. Thus did Flood satiefrvntorily acconnt to thu crew for his li> itouant'K(lit3ppor.rtfncc. Noxt forenoon thu Mo.squiu> wa?gouo, and tho little bay once moro iloertcd. V.— Fi/ioi; Ti:aitih O.ur.An'H Ghost." Two mouth's hu\o sped pat, aud wu wuin find tho pilot sehoonor snugly moored in her favourito phioo of retreat. During this fieriod she bud hern enduing about thu Nlands with indifferent ri'cohs. Soma t-ma!l counting craft had bc-uu oyn-buuicd and a plentiful supply of rum aud other liquors procured, but no largo or vmunhlc prize htti bocu conic seres. Plunder having become scarce, tiie pirates gave vout to deup irrowl# of discontent. Thoy attributed tbe failure of tbo crniso to Flood's hick of cuicrprise, and the waut of C;e?ar's guiding hand and coun sel. The captain's position was getting most precarious mid uncertain. ' Ho managed to kcop the men qaiet by liberal allowances of rum, but thero was uo kuowlug when thoy might break oat in opau mutiny. Direiplinu woe a thiog of the post, orders openly disregarded, and evon at sea a haphazard state of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates are Dot different from other ; so long as they obeyed ardors and had an efficient o>mmandur in whom thoy thoroughly believed, things rubbed along pretty ! smoothly. This ohock once removed, howovor, and liconso bocamo rampant, raakiDg it only a question oi timo for tho in evitable oollapao and rcokoning. Flood determined this should be his last visit to tho bay in tho Mosquito. His energies were now centred oa scouring his ill-gotten wealth, and thra leaving bit. ehip and its crew to their fato. His own sharo of tho plunder was safely ashore, but Ctcsar's— tho most valuahlo portion of which bo had unceremoniously appropriated— wtie still aboard tbo schooner. It was now his care to have it nlso securely cneconcod in tho roocss of the clilf. That once accomplished, it was hia intention to again put to eoa, and cithorrun tho Mosquito ashore near a Bottle- mont or scizo some other favorable cbanco of quitting bis nefarious occupation. The third niaht after tho Mosquito's re turn Flood proceeded to get tho treasure ashore. Onco moro after darkness had sot in ho rowed nshoro in tho littlo skiff. This timo ho had to content himsolf with taking tho mo3t valuable ooins and jewels, the box being too weighty for ono poraon to oarry any did- tanco alOQO. A small bag was ull ho could take with safoty, and with this ho quiokly sealed tbo bcightand dowered himsolf on to tbo sbolf of rock, lloro be found tho chest and Its contents untouched, and hastily addiog his procious burthen to tho heap, he again retired. A fow stops brought him to tho spot at whioh ho had loft tho ropo dangling from tho summit. Ho at onco prepared to otcond, but, to his oonfltornatiou, tho ropo had dis appeared I Casting a hurried pianoo up tho cliff, ho saw a man leaning over tho edge, pulling it up hand ovor hand. A loud iuipro- cation escaped Mood's lips, a laugh of triumph and derision camo iu roply, tbo few remaining feet of ropo wore drawn up, and tho man vauishod. Flood at onco concluded ho had been followed from tho ship by ouo of his crow. He was in atcrriblo fix. From bis mon ho kuowho would rocuireno mercy. Both his treasure nnd bis Ufa would bo sacrificed to their fooling of greed and revenge. Again, tho horrible thought strusk him that it might bo the intention of hia follower to say nothing to tho rest of tho crew, but simply leave him to dio a lingering death on the ledge. Either alternative wa dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himaelf down on tho widest park of tho shelf of rook, ho eursod his folly for not takincr better pre cautions to provent his aovomonts being known. Hore.we leave him, mcantimo, and return ou board the Moaquito, where another strango scone was being enootcd. When Flood loft tbe schooner ho believed tbo mon were all oaloep, or in such an in toxicated condition as to bo inoapubte of leaving tho foro-oabin. On this particular niaht, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as usual, somo twenty of tho pirates found thomsolvos still comparatively sober and tho liquor ull gono. This was a state of alieira thoy wore not aoouatomed to, and calls at onco arose for moro drink, Tbe captain, thoy boliovcd, would havo retired to roat by that time, bnt nevertheless thoy resolved to rooso him up. Moro liquor was wantod, and moro tboy would havo. After somo talk, thrco of tlio crow woro solootod to proceed to tho oabin and procure more ruin and brandy, Tho throo chosen woro Davis tho boatswain, a burly Welsh man ; Horloy, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; aud Schneider, a Dutch s>a- man. Crawling up tho hatchway tho threo worthies aiaggorod aft to the cabin stair. Here thoy were sorprisod to sco a light still burning, bat boldly descending tho companion tbejr poshed opon the door and outored tho cabin. A lighted lautorn swung from tbe celling, but Flood was nowhoro to bo seen. Thoy eoarohed everywhere, bat, of courso, the csptaia could not bo found. In thdr muddled state, it took them some timo to roallso tho truth ; bat when thoy did so tboy at once roisod tho alarm. All tbo other pirates who rttaiuod their senses and tho uso of their legs immediately (looked to tho aftor- cabin. At first it woa conjcotarod Flood must hav fatioQ overboard and wet the samo fato ob Cmtar. Soon, however, tlio boat was missed, and a cry aroao that they hud beon abandoned. Kveryono now rushed into Flood's cabin. Chests and lockers woro broken opon and ransaokod. A plentiful supply of atroag drink was obtained, and tho pirates to the nnmbor of some twenty or thirty, made froo with all they fanciod. tiomo gathered round tho table beneath tho i&utcra;, some sprawled on tho lookora, others on tho floor. Schneider, tho Dutchman, being tho soberest man iu tho oompany, aotod as " master of tho ceromorios," Ho sat at tho end of tho table facing the cabin-door. Do- fore him was a uater- buokot, into whioh a dozen or two bottloa of rum ond brandy had been indiscriminately emptied. This mis- ton bo rnoaanrod out freely in glosses, bowls and pounlklns to Ml who applied for iu Needless to soy, ho was kopt Well employed, and mora than onoo moro bottloa woro addod to the contents. One by one the oiratca dropped on tho floor dead drunk. Somo, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives wcro drawu and pistols firod amidst blasphemous shouts and veils of fiendish laughter. Soon ooly about half a dozen of tho wrotohea retained sufficient euio to bo able to ait round tho table. Sohuelder roarod and yelled like a vory demon, and was ably sccoudod in bis offorts by Hariey, Davis, and ono or two others. Some, iu a maadbn condition, ahoutod snatehos of boooonecring ditties of tho gros sest description. Fill up .gain lioy. " criod HolmoUw. truRgllng to hi. foot, All up to do brim, i Till glv. jou a tout, nnd 1 .111 .hoot do mira who doe. uot dtluk it." So .oyluir, ho nailed outpletol and laid it on the tfh'le KS Tho pirate, round tho tnblo «t onco cooorl. puood In tholr oUum, nil wtoept oco. Till. Meeption . wn. Fodro, tho bl.ck cook, who lay with hu hud on tho Ublo /Mt e,l,on Oomo, w»k. up, Pedro I" roared the Dutchmen "Woke up I No .kulhiug here, I toll you 1" ond he .eked tho neero by hU .book of woolly kolr ond railed hi. head Th. blaok a oyes turned np with a ghastly irlam but on Schneider relaxing bis grip hia head at onco sauk down again. 'Vati"MrMm«ftfaa Dutchman, "von .ill not tako your liquor, yon bUck tertt Dy gar, but 1 will mako you tako it 1 If .on out ! " kaide, den you shall hive it With these word, tho dronkon villain plungod hi. pannikin into th. bucket ol liquor, flllod it to tho brim, nnd enrolled lit. oontent. over tho negro', hood. Th. liquor toturated hU ourloy Kir, ,nd ran in .Imam, down hi. nook and face. Tho Dutchman1: Joko wa. rooeirod with ehrlak. oflaughte. and wild npplaaio. P«iro, howercr. .„, atur'"' purfcotiy .tillinH,dm!b| "NZ' " Schnoidre, reBllioe li mug, to Till haro our too.: li Here a to the Mnnqullo and 1,,. n oaptoin, ;»hoo.er he may bo, «a.i dentil to Flood, tlio baiter ' rn,l no I and altugother. Hip, hip, hu3 tho cheer djod au-ay Cu hi.t hp-- ,, blanched, and with eteriug eyce rit VJ% the dourway, bo stammered out in . tZ whijppj: — co,s "Sec! 51oo ! my Oott, Cn.-inr's Khcs,t i" 37io pirate inatiiictivcly turnod, a", .1 FUto enough, hnggard mid wa:., la' JT.-' i-tcnily ujioo th. horriblo -wuc. fit'uto of their late lieutenant. " Davis, tho Welsh boater.-ain. at a-»» , Schneider, uud v.aj the /int to -e. JJ,!1 composuro. tata L 11 Ghost or domon J " ho micd, « m tni with a jullut !' and sci/in>- ui ,7 Dutchman pistol, which still )» ' V table, bo levolh-d It at thw fluuro way. As ha did so thu figuro held up?:! hand ir abont to speak, and at ffi. P 1 time Schneider threw „'p the 'hi', .'S arm. Crock weut tue pietol. but .1 wa. .polled. Tho l.ullet crashed thu lantern which hung „l,„vo .!,? 3,8h fe cord wah cut and down vd wfcJi ..ruck the boat, it haret open, au'd out l''. the blariug wick. In aa toetaat a lurid uii', illuminated tbo cabin ; a veil a K throats of a hundred demor-"- dStl0r ifeend the black careered uTerturning table,, and tho drunken ptratee in hi, de,nflel,i " At last ho .'.umbladovir f.U,n EJt pluuttod hcad-lorcniest ag.inBt tho m,S door, ana tbo next moment rnllM «.:». it hlsziog bead right in amoust the flasks ui kos of powder ! Caesar (for it waa the lieutenant itjll |n th flesh) sprang up the cabin ati,8 £ rushed to tho aide With t f,ZCSn .hMit.atin ''""btxlnnertoTd, J as he did so a temflj roport Tunc in hit the dock of tho schooner burst asunder inuaenso voluuo of fiamo shot up to'th! eky, and the eea around wa, In an ie.tu churned into (oam by a ahowcr of Lureh! timber, abattcrerl maata and broken nhulr/ mingled with which were tho charred iS battered fragment, of tho Mosquito', l,ciT crow. CfL'snr caught hold of a plank IS gored around him, Iho uuly living Cu on ,S faeo ol u.0 eea. At length lm reacted S .bore and orawlod up on tho bcaoh a, S nrat etroake ol dawn gilded tho cut® ,rIwT'";„St;c,;KT "Ifk-wcnE Bran.' Wo will now return to Captain Flood Tho pirate impatiently awaited the break d day in tho nun hope that he might thw hnd aomo way oat oi hia awful dilnn®. Ae ho eat on tho rocky ledgo ho waa wiiaii to tlio blowing up of the Mosqnito, but. o! courso, eutirely at a loe, to ncoountfor tin outaitrophe. What hi, Into wa, to U ho could not toll. The destruotioe 3 tho eohooner mado things wor.-w, Pol even though bo managed to find 'awn eitbor np or down tbo cliff in safety hk retreat from Uio bay wee cut all. bp'onlr nflcr sunruo ho wa. arou.rd by a boim ohueklo irom above. Springing to bin l« ho eagerly gazed upwards, aud aaw a m,o', pte .houldora loaning over th. pred- bYho'o thoroP" ho demanded, a, the fat. bemg partly ohndod ho did not at Cm rooognteo it. " Ho, bo ?"camo fromabovo, "doroutel know me. nartnei- V 1 J w As the man spoko ho turned, and Flood, tobJS constoruation, recognised hisinteaS viotiin— Ctusar ! Alive 'Cl" h" "0taimed' « J-.! "Ayo,atilIaliro, murderer," aneworod tit lientnunnt, grimly; " .till ,liV(!| F)ood ready lor vengeance, l'eu thought y,,n hid sent mo to Davy Jouc., hut your mhrderoru work foiled, and horo X am to equate en reckoning." Flood considorod a moment "Clear," ho eaid, "I look l„r n0 me from you, and I oak noao. iut a, you're. wo II fight it out fair and sqnorc " reply 1>eBl f doriairo ,aaSttor was fits " ?a' j14 ' ' od sqaaro,' thli sounds woll from you, iqoodi Bu dtotoly 1 ,'aiC'""i Flood triorl argnmont and entreaty in rein. Cicaar merely laughed at him. i. 'LY01' MkoJ J'11, in de.per.tlM, what do you mean to do with me ! Will yonleavomo tontorvo here?" "PorhopBlmay," ropliod tho llealeaut, "bat whoa you're tired ol your quarter., vol know what to do. If you can't got up th. road down iaonsy. If, only ouo etep to th. bottom I But meantimo I vo a littlo job for yon. _ Haul out tho box." Thin Flood with somo dlfliculty did, but could not with eatoty dreg it eloog tho ledge alooe. Soring thi., Conor detached the role from tho treo aud carried it along irnmedli. ately above whero the chest lay. There wu no treo thoro to whioh to fastou it o touvi auyohanra of it .lipping ovor, ho gave It . turn round hla arm and threw the oiher end down to 1-lood. Tho latter was thou told to fasten it to tbo ohest, and Cmsar boKao to haul it ; np, It waa slow work, for bt was terribly weakened by his hardships. A I ho strained at tbo ropo bo draw farthet back from tho edge, and when the box wu on a level with Flood's head be Locarno lost to tho view of tho latter. blood at onco saw bis chanoc, and sprfox- log up, caught the ropo with both hands and swarmed up tho face of tho rock. The jerk una extra weight pulled Cujur to bis knou, and In his weak condition It was ait he could do to aavo himsolf from being draggod over. Ho could not ovon lot the rope »® il waa firmly twisted round his arm. When within roach of the summit, Flood, who wasunawaro of tho ropo's being merely thus fastened, draw a knife from his belt, and, quickly striking upwards, plunged It into thu Usuteuant's throat. This oss blow sealed both tboir fate. Il was almost instantaneously fatal to Crornr; his grasp relaxed, end tho next moment he roiled ovor tbo edge. Down went tbe twfl pirates together. Tho chest of treasure rested oo tho ahelf, but tho two mon meroly grazed tho oclpo and pluogoil into thoabyss bjlow , 'IV 1?ood cIunlf Uke grim death to the dood body of Cauar. Whcu thoy had fallen tho length of tho top, thoy were brought up with a jork whioh nearly .hook Flood oil. Tho oheat romatacd fins, howover, and lis weight kept th"M dandling in mid . air. Then com- monoed a terriblo fichfc tor llfo. Flood mode a dosporato effort to aaoond tho rone and regain tho ledge. Hand over hand bo struggled upwards, the body of h|a lata oamradoswingiogbjr tie V B ' tr n beneath, iiut the mora blood doapuratuly mouuted iho ropo tbo moro ho hosteuod his certain fato. Evory pull at the rope draw tho) box nearer and nouror to the vorge. A fow feet separated tho plrato from the' ledge, when, to his horror, tho ohost appeared. Oos desperate spring Flood mado for life, and, si ho wildly olatehed at tbo bootling oliff the ohest toppled over. llalf-way down a point of rook protradedL Head-foremost ou to this tho pirate felL scattering his brains around. Crash came ths chest an instant after ; the lid flow opon and; as the dead pirates sank in tbo watery depthi beneath, thoy woro aooompaniod to their lasi rcsting-placo by a shower of treasure I Such £i tho oriirin nf " T..unM Urraoh — " Strand Magazlno." 