N'XMPORTE, By J. O. B. It looks as if there was going to be a boom in ghosts. The country papers for weeks past have devoted considerable space to the doings of a spectre up Dnbbo way. This may be accounted for in a measure by the fact that Parliament was not Bitting and that the season was scarcely ad vanced enough for snakos. Still, even if the eession was in fall swing and the sun over Capri corn, there are certain peculiarities about this western apparition which would not only invite but command attention. The sex — if shades have sexes— is not known ; bnt from the way it talks most of the day and siugs all night, besides giving an occasional lecture on politics, it is presumed to be a female of advanced views. In one respect the presumption seems unwarrantable ; for the new spook betrays a fine vein of humour, and women, so admirable in many ways, are generally weak in this. As an example, ihe Dnbbo boggart sits on potato pits towards morning and sings the ' Boyne 'Water ' while scattering the vegetables about the vicinity. This naturally gives offence to many people in the neighbourhood. If the uncanny tiring would but start ' Croppiea, Lie Down,' the consequences might he really serious. In view of this penchant for melodies of an in flammatory character, it is proposed by some persons in the hamlet to start in the next room another hobgoblin which wonld confine itself to the ' 'Wearing of the Green '? or the' Shan Yan Vocht.' With two artists whose repertoires were limited to such antagonistic chansons, it seems to be universally felt that mutual annihilation wonld be the inevitable upshot. . - ? v The sound of sacerdotal strife is in the air— this time in connection with permissible-amusements. Some time back the Rev. Mr. Dill Macky, a Pres byterian divine and whilom Moderator of the Assembly, ventilated at Balmain his views regard ing dancing and kindred recreations. Having examined the subject on all sides, he failed to discover any . inherent offence in dancing, card playing, billiard-playing, or any similar amuse ment,- provided — this is the crur al the affair — it was kept within proper and legitimate limits. Personally, I'm entirely — indeed, demonstratively — with- the Rev. Mr. Macky. For the life of me I cannot see why one harmless exercise or game should be more unseemly or immoral than another. It is'the surroundings — ah ! those terrible surroundings, what crimes have been com mitted under their shadow — that make a pastime innocent or dangerous. For example, what can be more innocuous tiuw firing a pistol or dropping a flag so that a couple of men or c-f horses may put themsflves to fjdl speed to see which will cover a given distance in the shortest time. The men like it, so do the horseS, likewise the spectators. If s the nature of horses to run — that's why they've four legs to stretch. and a tail sticking . out behind same with. man. If he can't ran against his brother, he'll ran against time, against anything in fact— even against the police occasionally. * * » * Bnt it would be unwise to shut our eyes to the fact that multitudes of expensively-dressed 1 citizens, who never did a fair day's work in their lives by bead or hand, become sleek, and flourish ing, and a bit 'cheeky' — besides enjoying oyster suppers, rare wines, and 'fast *' buggies — . Owing to the apparently harmless circumstance that a couple of men start running when a third fires a shot, or a few horses bound towards the sky-line when a person in front lowers a pennon. Itis in tike difficulty-, of keeping amusements within their proper boundaries that the real danger lies. Mr. Macky likes his rubber, espe cially wliep. the players are good ones. Tins is as it shonid be, for nothing is more irritating than having to play against three. It is only neces sary to state that one of his confreres would not object to dancing so long as the lads . hopped in one room and the lasses in another. I shall end with this. To my mind it is about the most original idea that was ever started since the pro posal to extract sunbeams from cucumbers.. * ? * * A strange item comes from Melbourne. The British War Office authorities, desiring, for reasons best known to themselves, to have sketches of all the Victorian forts, fortifications, redans, citadels, and fortresses, applied to our neighbours for the plans. It was then found that none such existed. This is running the Chinese administration close. No member in the Pekin Council of Defence — not even the Emperor himself — knows where the Empire's pahs are, what they're like, whether they haven't been shifted into the country since the French war of a few years ago, or whether they were ever built at all. It is the same with the field forces. A celestial corps -F armee will march like trained pedestrians for months and turn up on the confines of Thibet, while everybody is expecting it on the sea coast. It is this mastery of tactics that makes the Confucians such a for midable enemy. In one night they spring up like gourds in the most unlikely places. Even the Commander-in-Chief himself is frequently at a loss to know what has become of his legions till Some other general officer stumbles over them in a distant province. During the Franco-Chinese war, already adverted to, many a mandarin made a name for himself by building forts on forced loans and defending them against overwhelming odds. The peculiar thing was that on the termination of hostilities none of the fast nesses could bo found. The opinion quickly became popular that they were never built, but that the peasants of the neighbourhood kept quiet lest they might be persuaded to .raise another loan to arm them with the latest ordnance. All this brings me naturally back to the Victorian fort resses. Plans of them must have been executed at cue time or another, and the question suggests itself : Where are they pigeon-holed P As it is seemingly, useless to look for them on the Thames or on the Ydrra, it might not be inadvieable to apply to the Neva, the Spree, the Seine, or even the Peiho. * * * * From the meagre extracts that have come to hand relating to M. Blouet's recently-published Australian experiences, it would be impossible to give a definite opinion regarding the whole. One tiling, however is clear — he has no high opinion of the Australian workman. The latter, in our late visitor's eyes, is drunken, indolent, and selfish — caring for little so long as his own animal wants are supplied — oblivious of the first duty of . a . patriotic citizen, to go upon the land and cultivate it. These be serious charges. It would be as well to step aside for a moment if bnt to examine them, the opportunities for forming' an opinion afforded to the person who ventilated them, and his capacity for making the most of these oppor tunities. So far &b; tippling is concerned, the inhabitants of no European country north of the 50th parallel — including the British Islands, a good slice of France, most of Germany and Russia, nearly the whole of Belgium, all Holland, Den mark audi Scandinavia— have the tight to throw stones east, west, or south. South of that latitude, to be sure — with a few unimportant exceptions, such as Bavaria and one or two other places — the duly amount of alcohol consumed by the labour ing classes is considerably below the northern average. Now, compared with any of these Boreal tribes, I contend that thfe Australian is simply a water-drinker — more's the pity considering the sound, light wines he h&B; at his door. This con tention is no hearsay testimony, but the result of many years* experience. * * * * As for unpatriotiam M. Blonet should be the last to advance such a charge. The Australian has never been properly pat to the test. At all events, should the necessity arise, it will go hard if in the hour of trial he doesn't show as much as his French brother of twenty-four years ago. Now for M. B.'s opportunities. ' You cannot frame an indictment against a nation ' said a famous Irishman a century ago. Nor can you judge of a country's people by scudding through their land in pursuit of gain. - Nothing is more dangerous than generalising — than taking a few isolated threads for the whole woof . A living writer was disappointed with the Atlantic. He crossed it when it was like a mill-ponc, and ever afterwards held it in undisguised contempt. Of all men, . the least adapted for giving trustworthy infor mation about a country is the itinerant lecturer or wandering book-maker. In Lis views there is seldom any proportion — commonplace events are magnified and important ones ignored. How he i views things depends on which end of the tele scope happens for the moment to be at his eye. Aud as the state of his digestion is often a prime factor in determining the position of his longucrtue, the iniage left on his mental retina is correspond ingly inaccurate. A common mercurial pill, ox an extra glass of yellow-scaled Chambertin, such as Thackeray had with , his Bouillabaisse, will qften change a man's whole naiure and surround ings. All this was apparent long ago in Dickens's ' American Notes ' and ' Martin Chuzzlewit.' I cpmo to M. Blouet's capacity, and on this I must speak with becoming diffidence. He published many remunerative works and gave many re munerative lectures. Bnt worth is not always the synonym for popularity either in politics or writ ing. This I will say : The British aud American conceits which he published in French will always remain as models how a smart, sally can be spoilt in the retelling. It is when rereading them in their new guise that one grasps tire faff nwg&lpg; of the old esynas ' tnamlator- traitor^,' 