THE LATE FRED. LESLIE. RECOLLECTIONS OE GAIETV BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE. i Amongst the hooks worth reading, upon which there is sure to he a run at Mullen’s, few are likely to draw Meibcumo readers more than the newly published Recollections of Fred Leslie, by \V. S. Vincent. In two handsome volumes, profusely illustrated, an old friend from boyhood,a journalist and joint author with Leslie of his last great success, Cinder L’llen Up Too Late, recounts tho story of his life from shirt to finish. Ris early proclivity for the stage, his successes as an amateur, tho ruse by which ho suc ceeded in getting his foot upon tho regular j boards, his hardly-won suecoss, his triumphs l in America, in England and Australia, all aro fully recorded. There is no luck of amusing stories to enliven the narrative, nor are detail of his home life and private relationship want ing. The picture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, with the result that when you close tho book you fully know tho man, his strength, his weakness. The lives of great. F actors have as books generally been * arrant failures, faulty in construction, painfully deficient in interest. No uch complaint can bo brought against tho present work. Mr Vincent is in fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his story thoroughly, has turned his literary skill to such good uccount that from tho day of Lcslioh* birth, Jst. April, 1S3">. down to typhoid fevor olaimett its victim, the in terest never flags. Tho enforced retirement of Miss Farren, through illness, and the death of Leslie have almost quenched what admirers called “ Tho Sacred Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque.” Whether it was ever worth lighting, or worth maintaining at such expenditure of vitality and artistic genius,may well bo questioned. Like many other silly things well done, but scarce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and cease to be ; but the life of iia high priest and Magnus Apollo is fraught with instruction for stage-struck youngsters, and may well give them pause. Strenuous and unremitting toil, an overstrained nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for success like Loslio’s and a fortune of LiG,O0O. The game was scarcely worth the candle. EARLY LIFE. Tho Hobsons, of "Wbohvich, military outfitters iu a good way, were not tho first, nor are they likely to be tho last, of our middle class families devoted to church or chapel, who make the appalling discovery thau one of their brood is that rara avis, a born actor. Good Mrs Hobson, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a busi ness Ko manage, succeeded in everything she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy s penchant for tho stage. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards in France, regu lar church-going, maternal expostulations, all failed to stem the tide that set so strongly theatre wards. The church itself must be credited with some or the respon sibility for having fostered young Fred’s ' dramatic tastes ; for at penny readings and parochial festivals he won such applause by his boyish recitations that in duo course he found a place amongst tho amatours at tho Royal Artillery Theatre. Here he chieiiy affected old men roles, but on occasion was ready to fiy at any game, high or low, that offered. The great ambition of these early days was to play .Lear in a London theatre, nor did this longing for the higher and more serious walks of tho drama ever desert him 5 burlUli \v*tB onlj-it rumi iowitnln i. protlrlor tnined goal, the management of a LouJon theatre and serions parts, and for this ho was preparing when death closed his ca AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days tho play tvas one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for lie had thus early adopted Ida nom do theatre, was Danny Mann, tho hunchback, a part he greatly' fancied. All went well until towards the close, when Danny's knowledge of the lest gave out. Danny, shot iu tho cave while tryingto drown the Colleen, has been taken to his mother’s hut, and there has to confess and give up tho ghost in view oi tho audience. Tho bod on which Master Fred lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny’s t.alo was told with all tho convulsions and moans which enhance the effect of tho death struggle; when, lo ! with the final twinge, off camo the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying at full length with a book and candle, prompting the actor above him, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and tho cur tain fell rapidly upon tho anti-climax. It was fortunate for “ Mr Fred Leslio" that he had not to show himself again upon the otago that night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGEHAND. By the time ho wa3 twenty he hau risen in the establishment of Messrs I'r&ter;, tho well known London army contractors, to a salary of L100 a year, with tho certainty’ or speedy promotion, but in ISIS ho threw all this up to accept an engagement to play first old men at the Royalty Theatre under Miss Kato Santley’s management at tho princely salary of LI a week. The late Lionel Brough was to star in Paul Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appoar ance was a dreadful fiasco. To se cure the engagement . he professed to know all about the part. In fact, he had never read it, or even seen tho ho sat up all night to study it, with tho result that he was soundly hissed. Confess ing the truth, he begged for another chance so earnestly that Miss Santloy at last con sented, and by the third night both manager ess and star wore forced to acknowledge that he was the best Colonel Har ly they had ever seen. A year’s hard work at tho Royalty won for tho young aspirant tho goodwill of his fellows and the favor of the audience, hut by those arbiters of destiny, the critics, he was either ignored or had such snippets of praise doled out as might have soured ono of less deter mined mettle. Still ho struggled on, making way slowly till in eomio opera ho found his feet and hecamo in request. In 1S70 he niarried the sweetheart of his childhood, Miss Louie Agate, to whom he owed twolve years of happy wedded life, and whose early death just before his second visit to Australia cast a shadow upon the short remnant of his oareei. After two years at the Alhambra, wher^O'i'nlar^roso to L12, and finally LI 5, he thjn American engage nis. ^ out ' week, and thero : that stimulating en conf?,^ ti]? f' r from the Press and his audience M. 'J J of which had been so keenly i^V.'as l.gjsna. There, in five months, ho^ .£ ni'position which five years’ hard work in'v. ^land had failed to ensure, .and on his return to England he brought with him a three years’ engagement, to begin in August, 1SS2, at L25 a week first year, L35 second, and L-iO tho third. Before his return to Amorica, however, a chance mooting with H. B. Farnie, tho well-known librettist of so many comic operas, led to an engagement at tho Comedy Theatre to create the part of Bin in a serio-comic operatic version of Kip Van Winkle at a salary of L25 a week. This was in reality tho crowning artistic suc cess of Leslie’s life. Kress ami public wore for once in fullest accord, iho Amoiicnn engagement had to bs postponed and for 100 nights Leslie enjoyed his triumph. A SERVANT MAID'S CRITICISM OF HER MASTER. Leslie’s servant girl was sent to see Rip, and during the lirst act a good- natured neighbor pointed out her muster when he was singing his song, Theso Liitlo Heads now Golden, which aho followed with interest. In the third act wliou Old Rip croons the same tong in u mitering, aged voice, hut fails to recall it, and breaks down, tho maid left the theatro and went homo. Next day her master asked her how sho had enjoyed the performance. “Oh, sir,’ eho roplied, “I like the two plays you acted in (moaning tho first two acts), and your song was beautiful; but after that they played auothor piece (Hie third act), and some old man came on and tried to imitate you and to sing your song, and ho forgot tho words, and ho couldn’t do it a bit; and I was so glad.” AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. At the end of 100 nights the management raised his salary to LOO a week, but as tne furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie (looliaed at tho ond. of his. _nino,months £76.- This was declined, so after 14th July, lSSfi, lio took a month’s holiday beforo revisiting Amorica. There ho topped liis pre vious success to such a degree that London “Truth” wrote Fred Leslie has gone to America for tho salary of a Cabinet Minister, English manugers feeling that they could only afford to pay him that of a Secretary of State.” In April, lSo’4, ho returned to England in such a state of health that protracted rest was necessary, and not till September of that year did he resumo work, returning to tho Royal Comedy Theatro, and to his old form in Rip ; a lengthened provin cial tour following. To an intorviower he gave a peep into the seamy sido of his life : “ If you think that our book of life is a kind of gilt-edged edition do luxo by comparison with that of tho clever actors of your local companies who play a score of new pieces every year, you may temper your judgment with mercy by recollecting how exceedingly arduous these burlesque characters are. Tho frequent- changes of dres3 and make-up, tho dancing, tho singing, tho constant ebullience of spirit—all this is most exhausting to the nervous system, and in my own caso has led to serious illness.” But, with all its draw backs, tho life was to his tasto, and his affec tion for the stago never abated. Ho loved his work ; lie enjoyed it when on tho stago, and there was no subject of thought or con versation more congouial to him at all times than topics theatrical. Rip Van WinklB camo to an ond at last, nnd the hard-wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re-visiting his old school, and doing l’aris. His opinion of French actors and acting is worth transcribing: “My bo journ in Franco taught me nothing, or rather only one thing, that tho Paris standard of acting is deteriorating. I saw hut ono per fect piece of acting out of the efforts of about 250 artists, and this from a man at a cheap theatre in a cheap piece.” For a second notice we reserve what to our readers will prove the most interesting part of the hook, Leslie’s connection with the 1 Gaiety Company and his two visits to Ans John Riiin. 