INSIDE THE LINES. Nobody knew just why a fort had been put in that place. There was no chance for fighting anything except mosquitoes, yet there was a long line of fortifications, and an enfilade of pickets guarded the little town from which all the men had gone away. If beauty of location had been a mill tary requisite, the fort was certainly well planted. The earthworks ran near the edge of a high bluff, which rose al most perpendicularly from the strip of land bordering the brown river at its foot. On the other side Louisiana stretched away to the horizon line, level and green as a garden, and in the dis tance a bit of lake often caught some of the blueness of the sky and shone the gem of all this fair setting. The boy who was lying on the edge of the bluff had no eyes for the distant view. Through an opening in the trees clinging to the sides of the hill he was gazing at the antics of a party of boys I far below him. Close under the bluff lay a white, many pillared house, and stretching before end behind it were smooth spaces of lawn, long lines of clipped hedges and avenues of mag- I nolias. Something in its sheltered posi tion between the river and the bank had saved from destruction this estate, whose possessors had given it the fitting name of the Garden. It seemed like a vision of paradise to the eyes of the homesick boy who was gazing down into the enemy's country. From the door of a rough house with in the embankment two officers watched the boy. The older, Colonel Denning, was the commanding officer of the fort. "I am afraid I made a mistake when I brought my son down here," said the colonel. "He is almost desperate with loneliness. I was afraid of it, but it seemed too hard to leave him there after his mother died." "I think you did right to bring him, colonel," said the younger man. "It's a good, quiet, healthy place, and after a while he will make friends with the men and be happier." "I hope he will," said the colonel. "I feel sure of it," rejoined the other. "Just now he longs for the society of boys, but he is fighting against the in evitable. He has not philosophy enough to endure nor experience enough to un derstand the feeling these people have for everything inside these walls. Ioth ing could tempt one of these town boys to have any intercourse with him, and their scorn is rather hard to bear. I'm going to send George the Second to take him out on the river. He is an amusing little beggar, and will not make such a bad companion for Will when he gets used to his color and his ways." A few minutes later two boys were swinging themselves down the face of the bluff. Will's companion was a slim, limber jointed little bleak boy, whose movements suggested a jumping jack, and his bearing showed the pride he felt as Will's guide. Holding now by a tough root, now by the smooth stem of a blackjack vine, digging their heels into the soft soil and slipping perilously forward, they pres ently struck into a well worn cowpath, which led by easy stages to the foot of the hill. Beyond the road which led to the Garden lay huge stranded logs, through which they picked their way out upon a sandy strip of beach, where an ancient skiff was tied to a raft. There was a little water in the boat, and a huge gourd was at hand as a means of de fense against further leaking. Two clumsy oars fuunished employment for both boys, and once launched their strength was tried by the current, which came swirling around the promontory of rotting bark which served as a break water. But sturdy boyish muscles were at work, and the old boat was pushed slowly up the shore, keeping in with the eddy, and nosing her way through anchored snags of driftwood and up into more open water away from the shore. Drawing a long breath, Will paused for a minute and said: "Let's go over to the island we see from the fort-the Towhead, I mean. Where is it, anyhowi Im completely turned around." "Hit's right ovah yander where you see de cottonwoods an do san'bar," said George. "Dis yer is de corral. Heap er cullud folks lives yer, but hit's drappin in de water mighty fus'. Dat beach tree a swishin up an down in dat bend useter grow in Unc' Jake's yard." On the shore of the bend George point ed out the grim sight of an old burying ground, upon whose precincts the cur rent of the Miesissippi was rapidly en croaching. Will shuddered, and, with quickintuition, George turned the boat's head away from the bend and pointed across the current to the Towhead, which was now below them. When the island first pushed its white, sandy head through the water some cot tonwood seed had landed there from an airy voyage, and the young trees that sprang from them formed the nucleus of an aftergrowth which was added year by year like the rings of a tree. The in nermost growth was now composed of tall young trees. but the thicket terraced down until near the- water there was none but low thick bushes of last year's frowth. A long tongue of sand extended like the tail of a comet down the river. Upon this the boys beached the boat, and then stretched their legs on the soft, warm sand. "I'ze sheered er dis yer Towhead," said George. "Hit's haunted. A ole flatboat man useter live up in yander, where you sees dat black spot 'nIsn'st de trees. De ole boat washed agroun one night in high water, an de old man neb ber made no muonest'ous 'tempt fer to git out. He was onsociable like, an liked hisse'f mighty well. He live yer kinder quiet, an folks done got de notion dat he hab heaps er money. An one night somebody done kill 'im an tuk all he had. Since dat time his ghos' done walk dis Towhead. On'y jes' yisterd'y Tnc' Jake 'lowed he done teen dat ole ghos' an he'lowed he rwino come ver " Ah," remarked the parson as he gazed bashfully at the ballet-girls, " now I under sland the meaning oh the phrase-' The body is more than raiment." The boy, when asked. who made the beautiful surrounding hills, replied that he did not know, as his parents had only removed into town the day before. " Shl I" exclaimed Tommy, listening at the door. " There's company in the par lor." " How do you know," enquired Bob. -' Mamma's calling papa 'my love.' " "How do you like Mrs. M-'s singing," asked a lady who was herself a singer. " I don't like it at all," repliedhebr friend. "I wenid rather har mjal nO mo'l 1 ain'had muoh'pinion or Un.' lake lately, but I'ze jes' about as nigh dat ole boat as I keers to go." "Well, I'm going to have a look at the old shanty," said Will, rising from the sand. His companion did not venture to follow him in the expedition. The river had year by year added to the strip of land, and the old flatboat was now nearly hidden by the under brush that had grown up between it and the water. The low hut which had once been the boat's cabin was still standing amid the decayed timbers of the hull, and Will noticed with surprise that there were traces of something like footprints leading to it. Nevertheless he stepped quite unsus piciously over the doorway. Once fairly within he felt himself roughly grasped by the arms from behind. "You make a noise to call that boy," said a voice close to his ears, "and I'll kill you! I tell you I will never be taken prisoner!" The person who had seized him now faced him, still 'holding him by the arms. Will saw a youth scarcely older than himself dressed in a worn gray uni form. His grip was like steel, but his face was so pinched and drawn and his I eyes so desperately miserable that the heart of his captive warmed to him. Recovering his composure a little, after his first astonishment and alarm, Will eaid, with an effort to laugh: "Let me go! I'm the only prisoner there's likely to be. I'm not after you. I was only looking for a ghost." "Who are you? I know all the boys over there, and I know you are a Yankee by your cap and your voice. I tell you I oan't be taken." "See here," said Will, "I'm only a boy like you, and though I'm a soldier's son, and I don't deny either my voice or my cap, I don't want to harm you at all. What is up, anyway, and why are you playing spook on this strip of sand?" "It is all up now, I suppose, and I may as well tell you all about it. Have you got a mother? I see by your face you haven't; so perhaps you will be sorry for a poor fellow who is going to lose his. "My name is John Prescott, and over there In that white house below your fort my mother is dying, and I am try ing to see her once more if she isn't gone already. "I got a two weeks' furlough-you needn't stare, I've been in the army nearly a year-and slipped down the river two days ago. Unfortunately for me I made this point too near daylight yesterday morning to venture any far ther. I knew the reputation this place has among the negroes, and I thought it safe to wait here until night. I reckon I was too tired and sleepy and didn't make it fast, and the boat managed to slip away while I was looking for a good place to drag it up among the bushes. "Here I have been ever since, like a rat in a trap. I have watched the house over there for two days, and have even seen the family on the terraces and dared not make a signal! Now, sir, what are you going to do about it?" "I'm going to do this," said Will, hold ing out his hand. "I'm going to say I believe every word you say, and I want you to trust me to help you out of this scrape. 1 lost my mother not six months ago, and I do know how to feel for you, if we are on opposite sides. I happened ito hear today that your mother is no ,worse. Maybe you'll see her more than this once." "But how can I get over?" "I don't see quite clearly how to do it, but I'll get you over there before day break somehow. You must give me your word to go away when the time is up. Now I must go, or that boy's curi osity will be enough to overcome his fears, and he'll come to look me up. I know you're hungry, so take my lunch. Keep a sharp lookout after dark." Tho lumbering skiff carried a very silent passenger back across the river. George ventured to inquire if Will had "seed de ghos'," and was answered so gravely in the affirmative that he then and there laid the foundations for sev eral marvelous tales with which to as tonish future audiences. Will knew quite well that the thing lie had in mind to do was a very delicate and difficult thing to undertake. That he, the trusted son of the commander, should attempt to smuggle an enemy inside the lines was no light matter. The thought of it rested not lightly on his conscience, but a refusal to aid the poor fellow on the island to see his dy ing mother would have rested more heavily still. At any rate lhe meant to do it, and by the time the skiff touched bottom at her landing his plan was formed. Mak ing a careful survey of the landing, and noting the shortest route out to the open water, he dismissed his companion without ceremnony. A few minutes' walk brought him to the big white gate of "The Gard'en." He summoned up all his courage and dignity and marched through the mnagnolia avenue. His appearance was greeted with a consternation that was far from pleas tuing. His request.r to see MIiss Prescott in private for a few moments seemed to freeze with terror the black maid in waiting, but after a brief delay he wasr shown into a bright. flowrery little room, which had a de!ightfully femninine and welcome look to eyes long used to camp life.- . . . But the slender girl who met him with the air of an offended duchess had no welcome in her look. Her manner was sadly chilling. Ten minuteslater, how ever, she was holding his hand at the door and saying: "Mr. Denning,I never, never can thankl you enough if you will do this! Mumma is a little better, and if she can see John for one hour it would do her more good than medicine. I will wait at the side gate for him, and he shall leave before daylight." There were a few more hurried queas tiene and replies, and then Will was alimbing the hill to a still more difficult lnterview. A night pass was not an easy thing for which to asl his father, but he could not leave the fort without it. The colonel was a very quiet and somewhat stern man, and Will knew that the best way was the straightforward one. He aede his request in the fewest words. Papa: " What do you want !" Suitor: "Your daughter's hand." Papa : " Cani't do it. 'Take her as a whole or leave her. We don't do business on the instalment principle here.' Bronson : "I suppose I may as well charge that £5 you owe me to profit and loss?" Brokeley : " My dear sir, I am a man of honour. I will pay you that money, sir, ifl have to steal it." Sm believe hot is I''os- ilrence, ,areft. they do so greedily s.crape ald Ilare'; they do inot believe any rewrardl for charity, therefore they will part writhll no tiuiag. Native ability without education Is like a tree which bears no fruit. 