MERCANTILE BANK MEMS Tweuty-fivo shareholders, two liqui dators, and tho liquidators' solicitor were present at tbe meeting of tho shareholders in tho Mercantile Bank, at tho Athemeum, to receive tho liquidators report. The report was fair and full as to the liquidators proceedings. So said Mr Duckor, tho aonior liquidator, who pre sided. Mr Ducker said that at tho last general meeting before tho bank stopped, tho directors reported that the net profits, tfter providing for bad and doubtful debts, wore L?4,000 for tho six months, Who bank suspended paymont within four teen flays of the meeting. . The directors' lost roport was wrong, Mr Backer still maintains, so far as tho coin and cash was concerned, asL180,000 was borrowed money, "It is no use referring to tho ghost cJ our departed, glories," interrupted Mr Thomas Smith. "All thoso matters have been investigated in the Bupremo Court. Unfortunately we know too much about 'tiiat,and we arc quito satisfied to put up with the loss of our money. Tho public is heartily sick of it. Let tbo dead bury their dead." There was no objection to this view of the case, and tho liquidator bowed to the expression of opiuion and said no more on tho subject. It is difficult to say what will bo the outcome of this or any otbor liquidation 'in these hard times. This is iho opinion of Mr Ducker. As ho puts it, when yon apply to husbands they refer you to their wives, and when you goto the.wivcs they refer you to tho husbands, or tho pro perty, or tho furniture. No less than L40.000 of tho realised assets of tbo Mercantile - Bank are locked up in reconstructed banks, but it is hoped thot arrangements will bo mado whereby tho money, or a largo portion uT It, will shortly bo' mado availablo for distribution in tbo sliapo of a dividend to tho shareholders. The report of tbo liquidators, as already published, was then received, and Mr Ducker was about to declare the ineot- iugclosod, when Mr Thomas Smith ruiecd the question of remuneration or reim bursement of oxpenscs incurred by mem bers of tho special committeo who investigated occounts, und ho moved that a sum of L100 bo voted to tbein. No seconder. " A boom time for liquidators." So Mr Godfrey puts it. Tho proper way to have dono was not to have nursed assets in hopo of better pricos, but to hare taken tho bust prices obtainable. This courso would have been better for tho shareholder isnd creditors, and also for tho City of Melbourne poticrsby from a business point of view. Tbis is Mr Godfrey's expressed opinion. ' Tho cost, of liquidation has been L13,503 for a Yesr and n half. A very largo sum, so Mr Godfrey says. Salaries now aro wry' much lower than . they, waro.oightoun months- since, and liquidators should be lowered in propor tion. In tbe esse of another bank tho Court appointed ono liquidator only at LlfiOO a year, and that for tho first year only. Tho remuneration of the liquida tors ought not to be uioro than LGOO each in tho opinion of Mr Godfrey. Shareholders do not take tho intorcst they should iu tho affairs of tbo bank, or. ss Mr Godfrey puts it, "They aro brokou. hearted, Jlbrokeii-spiritt'd. They have nothing to gain or hops. for, and tlioy come, hero with a sonso of despair nnd silently listen to formal reports and assent to formal resolutions," Mr Duekersays he has rccoivcd L1000 'a year as liquidator, and has worked from 9 in tho morning till 10 at night, and has had groat anxiety. In his own business ho could mako double that amount; and if tho shareholders could find soino ono who could do tho work hotter or moro straight- forwardly than he, then lie hoped thoy would inovo for his removal. ' MrThomasSmithagainbroughtforward his motion for a vote of L100 to tho members ot the committee of mvsstiga- tion, and this timo had a seconder. « Mr Ducker was one of the commitlco, but will not tako any of tho monuy, but doubts if it can bo legally paid, but will take advice. Tho motion .was carried this time. A custom which oxtonds all ovor Japan is that qf taking your " boy," or " ser vant"' with 'you when you go out to dine. He waits At the tablo and performs any hcedod service as if ho belonged to the house. ' 