SWILL AND) I. I had been sitting at my desk for a full hour, engaged in the laudable occu pation of doing nothing. In spite of my trouble, what wonder then that I drifted off into reverie, and my thoughts re verted to sadly plehsant retrospect? Once more it was winter-the sunny ,New Orleans winter-and Will and I were together. I recalled the hours passed in reading and writing and mu sic; the drives and walks and theaters. The most minute and trivial incidents recurred to my mind, and I found my self smiling at the recollection of a cer Main long, narrow, phenomenally dark passage or alleyway on Royal street, up which we glanced one night, and which Will, with his bright and quick sense of humor, immediately christened "Jack the Ripper's court." . This is not a sensational story that I hm about to tell. I warn my readers in advance that there is nothing star tling or wildly romantic in it. From start to finish it is a simple "o'ertrue tale." And yet it was romantic too. There was a tinge of romance, after all, when Will asked me to become his wife, to marry hint in secret. We had been betrothed for a year, and he was far from strong. His health was under uined, and a horrible fear oppressed him that he would be taken away.- In the prime of his manhood, with life and hope and happiness all his, it was an aw ful thought. "Constance," he said one night as we stood on the moonlit gallery, withits luxuriant rose vines and the great yel low roses clambering up to shake down their showers of fragrance in our faces, "my darling, be my wife now! Why should we wait, dearone? There isnoth ing between our lives and happiness but the bugbear of poverty, and I shall have a fortune when I am 30. I shall be 30 next September, Constance, if-if I live." Something in the sweet, tender voice made me glance up swiftly into the brave, dark eyes. Beautiful, tender eyes, where are you now? Where are you today, O Will?. Hidden away forever from the sight of my eyes, from beyond the clasp of my arms-gone, gone-I feel it, believe it-to that Beautiful, veiled, bright world, Where the glad ghosts meet. Something in his voice made my heart ache. "Why doyou speak so sadly?' I asked him. "Never mind the fortune, Will. I care nothing for that, if you are only spared to me." "I know it, dear, tender little heart," he answered softly. "You are the only true woman in the world, Constance. But I wanted to tell you (I am supersti tious, I admit it) it was prophesied that I shall die before I am 80." "Nonsensel" I cried sturdily, "that is sheer superstition, and it is very wrong to believe in it, dear. No one knows the future. I would never think of that again if I were you." I tried to smile as I spoke-to shake off the strange feeling that would oppress me, try as I might--but all in vain. Die before 30! My true hearted, nobleWill, with his sunny smile and tender dark eyes! I would not believe it. It was absurd. So I laughed at his fears as foolishness and tried to make him for get. But he was far from strong, and that one glimpse of what might be in store for us-the awful parting that might come-made me decide. So 'I promised that night to become his wife at once and "in secret 'and silence," as the old song says. , Everything was made ready, and .on the following night-the nightbeforehis departure-we were quietly married in a quaint little old church in one of the retired streets of New Orleans. And Will and I belonged to each other for time and eternity. , The nad parting came next 'day-and he went back to his northern home, ,while I returned tomy work, brightened only by the hope of meeting in the sum mer at quiet Long Beach. ( I am not a superstitious woman. I had laughed at Will for his own dread of the supernatural add ihis belief. in a prophecy, but we had not been, parted a whole month when something very cn rious happened. Will had written to me every day, such dear, sweet letters that' they did my heart good-kept it alive, in fact. Bat for those letters Iwould have given up my hold upon, hope and would have 'sincumbed to despair;.,, : .:.. But one day no letter came. ,I felt a 'trange -sinking at the heart-an awful sense of depression; darkness- gathered over my life. Suspense--hope deferred; these are the two emotions which serve. to kill the human heart; to darken and .blight existence.' :That night I went out 'on the little gallery where we had pass ed so many 'happy hours. The moon was bright, and one star shone in the iblue vault above my head-one that Will Ihad long ago designated "our star." My heart was crnshed ~and heavy.. I stood leaning against one of the col unas which supported the gallery, the: scent ofthe roses, that he loved floeating 'all around me., And as I stbd there, something-a ligbht tuch4-feli Upon .ma shoulder.. cold-pree- }rp over my. check, like& ilbfr g .I turned ipyes, and there-befo me in the colj nlonli?nt stgod Willjmy husband. a,, "'j )" " With ia WAid incredulous cry o6relght, and rapture, .flsu?-nmy aims Ahi?o-hinm -only to grasp empty irl..-N ?6ne was there! Will was gone! '- . . I fell to the gallery floor and lay there' like a dead woman. When I opened my eyes, the moonwas shining down upon me, just as calm and' cold and imperial as ever. I struggled to a sitting posture and gazed wildly about me. What did it mean? I was not at all superstitions, yet I felt that I had seen my lusband that night, just as truly as I had ever beheld his face in my 'life. The neit day- no letter, and the niest, still no letter. Oh, the: anguish of hope' deferred! The time had come now for me to go to Long Beaich, as I had' promised him. I would keep my word-no matter how hard it might be, I would go there.'. If he- if that hideous prophecy had really come true-at all events, I would keep mrn Dromise-my_ last .promiso to 'him.. So I went. ih, th ' .ng'ildreary, lii'?r-' minable days, withl only the monotonous waters before me, the blue, blue skyand golden sunshine always the same. It made my heart faint and sick. I had written and written letter after letter. Still no response..' I felt that he. was dead. And no one could tell me, be cause how could his friends in the far distant north 'know aught of the south-' ern woman whom lie had secretly wed ded? And so the dreary, endless days dragged iSy, and I still lived, heartbroken and helpless. I will, never more laugh at superstition, never: Last night I saw him again. I had gone down to the beach in the moonlight and walked slowly and sadly up and down the white stretch of sand at the water's edge. All at'once I saw another shadow mingle with mniy own upon the moonlit beach. I came to a halt and saw at my side-Will.- . With a wild cry I attempted 'to grasp his arm, but there was no one there., I went back to the.house and passed the night in pacing up and down the floor like a mad woman. Today is his thirtieth birthday, or would :have been, but I feel that my darling is no .more; that the visions I have seen were warnings sent me of his fate. Would Will have ceased to write me-me-his beloved one-if he were: alive? I believe that I shall see the phantom once again, and then-then-I shall go, too, for I feel; that it is his spirit that has come back for me. So I have been sitting herein the morn ing sunlight thinking of the past. Can one wonder greatly that my pen lies idle and utterly refuses to produce the love tales of others? Is not my own love story as sad a one as I can ever write? I hear the sound of wheels and glance listlessly from the open window at my side. A-carriage has stopped before the gate. Two men are assisting a third to alight. They are bringing him slowly up the walk to the house. He is evi dently very ill. Why does my 'heart. throb so weakly? I am too weak to stand- to take a step forward. Oh, I will not allow myself to be deceived by mad, vain hopes! 'They reach the house at last and as sist the feeble form up the steps of the broad gallery into my presence. Oh, pitying heaven! It is Will- Will, pale and spectral, a weak, frail invalid, but Will all the same. It is some time before Ifully recover from this trance of happi- ness, and then the truth is made known. He hadbeen very ill with brain fever. No one could write to me because they knew nothing of me or my address, and hewas raving in delirium. As soon as he was able to attempt the journey he had set out to return to me. It was all ended now-that dreary separation. Upon his thirtieth birth day, oh, so happy and hopeful, my Will had come back to me, never to leave me again! "I shall never more laugh at any one for being superstitious," I said the next day, gazing into the deep, dark eyes of the loved one so happily restored to me., "Thank heaven that my superstitions fears were not realized." I have never been able to account for that strange illusion. To this day I can not make up my mind what it was that I had seen. But it was not Will's ghost, and that is all I care to know, after all.-Toronto Mail. 