THE— SQUATT€ft'S DAUGHTER. B y H a r o l d M . M a c k e n z i e . tcOPXKISBX SKSIKm>.} OFT* PTEE IV. CoimWDM- As he mounted the box-seat one bright spring morning, drawing on his dog- skins, nd took the reina from the groom, the leaders dashed off with a merry " who-o- -ph" from Eric, and much barking from' the two collie dogs which accompanied the imp. Beside him «at a small blade boy, bom and bred at " Karatoomah," taken fur tko purpose of opening gates and making himself generally useful. Tipon, such was his name, had somewhat of a grotesque appearance, as clad claret-colored coat with immense silver but tons, and high hat, he sat stolid .is the sphinx beside UB master. T.'tf road lay through some of the pretest country to be found in the neighborhood • For miles a lagoon, calm and clear asa mirror, fringed to the water's edge with thick -.egetation, where wild-duck and wstcr-fowl remained undisturbed, bordered one side of it; on the other strctchcd away for miles the sow luxuriant paddocks of Earatoomsh, encircled by thick belts of eucalypti. "Beyond this -oin and soma fifteen miles lay Timboora, " place tlie reader has previously made rr.-iaintance with, iifrver was Eric in auch good spirits «s ii tli is bright and health-giving morning, he restrained a ' too TOUmg ^eader jqi touched up a «lugRlsh poler, wli<& wePB taking him'to Tirrtiooia, for the^pnripose -of joining in some festivities provided fey he manager. Since Murifl'e departure many months ago, he had never set foot in the house. Duncan Grey had then appointed the iresent locum tenens, a jovial openlearted bachelor of some forty yean of age to act as manager. As he turned his team into the last paddock which separated him from the home- station, the house wherein he had passed so many pleasant hours burst into view. Never did it look better. The garden, one mass of flowering plants, casting far and wide its rich scents, the tennis-court was a perfect sward of velvet, on which a set of players were contesting for victory, and above all came the laughter of girlish voices, which Eric loved to hear. As the panting team halted in front of the house and Ronald Gregory issued forth to bid him welcome, Eric felt, despite his former gaiety, a slight misgiving of the heart. He saw before him the garden wherein he had pledged his love, the house now tenanted with gay and cheerful voices, but amongst them none like Muriel's, so low and musical in sound. Glad to see you, Rymanscourt," said the cheery voice. Of iRoni&l; *'come in and have a"' iup'^t|r<yourjdrive," with -wMch refr^mg > greeting "the two sauntered ibtotfie dining-rotunto partake Lof ^-spirits and^wateri-duriag- the con-, sumption of which they talked of many things ; what number of bales there vras likely to be at the end of shearing, the. prospect of the welcome runs continuing, and all those questions which, are so dear tokhsjsquaiterTs heart. ThB&&eycame; to questions of a social character. " Audso, my boy, yon kept it dark, as long ie-you coul^'-' Miid Ronald; cheer? i fully poking Eric in the libs, " but bless ypu, we knew all about.it Jong before; yon told'us."' Their conversation was here interrupted by.the.presence of. two jo^ng ladies and; their cavalien, who had jnst crtinplited * set at tennis and were now discussing the rights of victory. ~ Eric,' rising, was introduced by Mr < Gregory to Mus El wood and Miss Sea- .combej^ who, unfler.tthe7 c^rp of 'the! formor'a mother, were now etaying at Timboora. ompiwnBat^q|rn:^o^ijfgiei; that evening, comprising some thirty guests in number, drawn together from all parts of "the district Srib'a dilated partner during the repast was the latter of these two, young persons. Mary Seacombp, as she sat undef thei sha^e of (the rose-coloyed -lampB, leaiding her complenonquite r ^ a beautifu itifiil ~ tnrtrbuh which, when seen under ihe full- glare ofl daylight, was not quite so faultless, plied lErjo witfcall .piftqaefjipf ;question» « to, 1 T JiiB_movemenWl i, . ' ' [ ' She was known'to'people in general as the husband-hunter, and scarcely could a more applicable name have been given to her. Her age was somewhere between twenty and twenty-five, but this, she kept a profound secret, and to give her her doe, thanks to theald of peari powder and bloom of roses, she did not look much more than eighteen. She delighted in eccentric; rostumea, whiqh; ahe" exercised a captiTOting uifhience over the masculine mind, and was known on ocsessions;affOT. a -dayj jrith; .t^e. hounds to have drunk coda and brandy and smoked cigarettes. She flattered herself that at billiards, or turning a team of four horses in their own length, she was as good, if not better, than the average man. Her conversation was generally of the raciest order which allured one land of man and repelled another. It may be said, however, that in excuse for some of Miss Seacombe's idiosyncrasies that they were due more to ignorance than from a sense of impropriety. Her mother had died at an early age, leaving her in the care of a father who in the exercise of paternal advice was very remiss, allowing her to hate quite her own way, so long as he was not interfered with. He was dotingly fond of his daughter, and on this account was very blind to those faults which to the casual observer were so clearly palpable. "I've a tip-top fencer now, Mr^ Rymanscourt," she began, as sipping her champagne she turned her lustrous eyes on Eric, "and am thinking of entering him for the * Squatters' Cup' next year." ; "Indeed. Miss Seacombe—and where did you pick him up, and may I ask where you intend training him"?" "Ah, ha! now Mr. Rymanscourt, that would indeed be telling secrets"—which' remark, with a roguish twinkle in her eyes which she knew so well how to assume, quite amused Eric. •'You'll see him all in good time, and, I'll take long odds in fivers that he gets a place in any case/'s MiBs Seacombehere , pecked at the' meringue whiohldieia^'bn' her plate, more to pass the time than''"be. cause she really felt any inclination for eating. "So let it be," replied Eric, "nothing would please me more than to see your horse win." The dinner having drawn to a close, the ladies sought the drawing-room. Ronald Gregory was a man who knew how to entertain weU. Being, as we have said, a bachelor of the gay order, he delighted tu surround himself with; such young folk as he had now asked to Timboora. " Help yourself to the claret and pass it along," he exclaimed every now and then to a member of tbe company who inighthavo allowed his glass to remain empty too' lone. Eric, now that the runningfire of conversation which bii late.; companion so earnestly kept up had subsided, leaned back lazily in that self-contented state which comes toaperfectlyhealthyman after dining. , - Opposite him sat a son,of-one'of the wealthiest men in Biverina, a young fellow whom it was suppoBed that janygirl might have accepted had «he "had the chance. Born in Victoria, be bad been sent to England to pees « few years at Cambridge and on the continsn^and had returned what might be tenneda polished young man. ,, His name was Dalrymple, .and at onetime It was thpt^ht &ait; his attentions to Muripl '<^y were "aot to pere vmgi ij» Munsl, jfltbongh appreciating his mqny 'courtesies, could never bring herself jto .care for bira any more than as a friend. - As Daliymple .up to. the present .time had (not: had -.a ich»nce of speaking fto, Brie, hr'wistied, 'despite the fact that tlie latter had. what is,generally teemed "cut him put," to show-that- ac far-as he was concerned, not the slightest feeling of illwill existed. - : Daliymple's jnanly nature and good training bad .taught him to despise all! such 1 mean sentiments .as. jealousy, in. viewing the position of o**^"" his more^ortunate * ' rival, : though not ' loi m ..since j » . , he . _ would' haveicutoff his right iand tad-Muriel bid him .do so. All was over now, however, • and there was no use in regretting what might have been.. Tofsing his cigar-case over to Eric he offered him one and.-proposed a stroll outside ; the two then wandered on to the tennis ground. The heat of the day had given place to.. a calm, cool and starlight night,: as they' took their seat away from, the sound of mirthful voices which issued from the open (casements.. , Dalrymple's first words..to Eric, as he puffed the. rice-paper. and ,tobacoo, came naturally.and without any tone of jinsin-' cerity in them. "My heartiest congratulations and good wishes, Rymanscourt, and T believe me, that although l would have given all I possessed to be in your place, I know that you have won the love and respect of Miss Grey, where I have failed. Though rivals we mayjuve. been,- I trjut. that whatever little differences we may'have bad will be sunk in the past.' Tour hand, Rymanscourt, '. u a proof that I fnpau it.'. The words uttered^with auch genuine eUr^gJtojlf^uldif ric,jsndsa he jvrpfiEsiSd ^h^SHwdin KBponseto BaL^sle^ thelattera chaiacter in his estimation, A 1 :' AfteE<Sfa.the iwo welded together in, something more than a mere acquaintanceship, had many things in common, and for a quarter of an- hour,gave, reinvto thoughts of a ^varied chapter. When ' they entered ' the house and sought the ' drawing-room- where- the. company were .assembled listening more out of bourtesy than in admiration to the metallic tones of Miss : 8eacbinWs voice struggling through " Non-e-ver," each took a seat.quietly, .thinking to himself . that whateVer else Miss -Seacombe might do,, singing was not her strong point.; . Later on, however^ when she was' asked; to take a cue at pool, she^prored herself to have a remarkably straight ..eye as_ taking their " lives" as. well as. their shillings, for rwhat woman is not a gambler at heart, she won the admiration of all present. As the men sought ihe^moldng-room to have affinal whiff before retiring to rest, . MUB "Seacombe's prowess as a billiard player had. beoome- renowiied. < < Yes, and Egad," ' said a rubicundfaced {old bachelor, " what.a figure, and what, arms—if I were twenty years younger,. " . The remainder of this-eulogy on the somewhat questionable beauty of Miss Seacombe was met with peals of laughter from therest of the company who flattered the speaker -by telling him that hisChsnce was as good as ever. When Eric laidbia head on the pillow that night, the thoughts of the next day's doings kept him awake for a time.' Erip had-entered himself and his horse' for the" Squatters' Cup," a race of thr^e miles fiver some of the stiffest fences that the heart of any sportsman could wis^ for. His final orders to Tipoo were. to call him at,seven in the morning, from iwhich time there remained but scarce, six Tioura.. With all the coming excitement of the (morrow Eric was soon wrapped in sleep, idreamxng of great yawning cretaMU over hich he and his trusty hunter were Sying with the utmost unconcern. CHAPTER V. THE SQUAXTSBS' CUP. The day-of the Finbourne race inee&ig; was ushered in with all "the appearance of wet weather, bat after a " rnt shower or tiro which was just enougVto lay the dust,) the sun which had been hiding beiif— 3 if ^r-rlr of filnudn issued forth, all bright again. Everyone was lip betimes; some were to ride to die course and others drive. Amongst those who rode were young Daliymple and MissiSeacam.be, the latter attired in a dark] green habit, thian which, perhaps, nothing could have suited her better. Eric, of course, was to drive his team, and i great Was the anguish amongBt tbe remaining -ladies when they saw Ida , Fordyce assisted on : to the -boxseat.; These little attentions, whioh, perhaps, may keem nothing, are.not bought lightly of amount sinjgle gids'who fanoy themselves slighted when perhaps, as often happens, a inarried woman usurps what they ".regard as thbii right. In this case, however. Eric did not wish to givje offence. He felt himself^privileged, oeing an engaged man, to choose whomsover he pleaded, and with that in view chose the best booking to ornament tbe front seat of his drag. Itjcould not be deiged either£hat Mrs. Fordyce was very sVept to lodlr upon. She had when analysed no very greatjedeeming features in hisr faoe. yet withal, ther^ was an indescribable beauty ofexpression jwhich lent a charm to her eyes, and a mputh just .a thonght jtoo laigie, perhaps. xhe recent showers-had drawn a sweet smeUing fragrance.from the pine and eucalypti trees whichlinod the .track that led ito the jeourae, over- whic|i ;the d(ag and fourbowled. - Rabbits, these peste of the siputler, s:udded across the road in hundreds,-as tbe noise of approachihg hoofs 'startled them from their- ambush. Oookatoos, nsgpies, and the. irrepressible jackass rith Its mocking laugh greeted the party froi^ the seighbori^ -clumpa of - wattle and gum. : -- ' ' The tnomingj^st suchja one^w mskieaj^e beartofiman>rej oioe,1and botiy that the littie Fordyce. episode .had beeif forgotten, the party.under Eric's charggs'ivas.laughlng^nd; talking merrily:. "I must really lay claim to much honor in 4>e(ng >favored !-<rith -this seat; wh^i ao maoy gids are present,' 1 clsimed'Mrs. Fo^jroe, in her most win- "thafc.you.are rigUt-peiK^i^in'the nrihtjlMejjreBing tbatyot * •*"" perone." . ^t^lSPfP^1 an, amused ,little«mSe played-round Uie^oornen-of lor mouJJi, kaowingtitat if. that t<Srm:cOald be.applied to ber in tiieory. praigUdklly her chaperonage yas. afarcp. •'Talkihg ;of chaperons. Mr. Rv the ioainpany .v^oDld -beh^ve thsmselves any ftheissswSre iTiot presentr in these days, whajgra^pre a muqh independen^l^w^.trMtiiu,-, Welbave not the«^r«s^of C&xgut; towA Well, really now, yoiuopme to put it in that way," to<iofeing up.Tthe nWjSd^ lessor, " it does strike me«s being attention, than those i ' ui ohaigeif • . Atihiswmai^the; blacksunsksde: of * Idweijd'iai ordsrtop""—* <t smileon' about the pretty Mrs. l'ltrdyce, this at lqast,_could_ not bo laid to her charge... Her husband who was seated at the bosk jot the veliiclo, [wrin^; over a race card, (was iu'liei!<3yes of as little import-1 aQce fas the leaves v.-liich. strewed the: track|ahead of thorn. She had made a bad marrisge, and nioro senciblo than most |of her sex, waa-aware <o£. it-. Hat never, did she by a ghost of a cliance appear so before Ihe world as-anythi";" but ths happiest- -of mortals. She .looked upon (all display ot temper, wben her husband (did something to exasperate her, as the wforstTOt-^orm, pnly «n&able; as.,she would Bay, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of, allv deacrip$ions were her positive aversion, and shia avoided them. jShe was wi^u)ut , childrf n, and r tather congytnlated herself, .upon-the fact, believing as she did that if there had been any they would most certainly have taken, after their father. "Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyce now possessed were due to the xesol^ of this, unhappy alliance. Her marriage, like* many another, had started under the most, favorable auspices, only .to grow as time wore on,, utterly intoler-. able, i That trust, which she had so implicitly placed -in her husband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud natur? revolted at the treatment she had reueivjed from berpartner, andonablelo ahow proof of his basement,-was content to suffer in. silencQ. 4 1 What about your chanoe of winning to-day, Mr. RymanacourtV'jihe exclaimed as scarcely more than two or three milas separated, them from the. course. " As, that is more than I can say,-bat If training.can do-anything and 4 'Tearr) away" doean'tshow teinper at the "post ril be . bound to say we'll make.» good raceotit". ' ', ' *."' ' .'""Wffryare i«ll^haae jeTciting pleasprjis reser^ed f or menj^ icontuiued Mts.- J'oiv for something of the kind can only look on. It'makes me "£u- more nervous to watchia steeplechase than if 1 really rode ln.it." " Come, jiow,.Mrs. Fordyce,4tlucky«M> you are, no one would care to see you risking your life in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It makes one shuddpr to. think flf it." _ Mrs. Fordyce had ,neyer regarded the situation from this point of view. ''WeU, I can assure you there will be no pleasure for me to-day until the.Cup is over. My heart will be in my mouth at every jump your horse comes ^o." This last "was iaid with aimost.a pathetic tone in "her voice, to which Eric, not unflattered by.the remark, replied:. " Nonsense,- it- will - be - the- most florious fun out, and remember from youf landsiand no ^pth'er.will I t»kpJt.beiibbon of honor if my "horse wins." Mrs. J?ordyce, would have, wished for nothing better than to .have been able to crown Eric Rymanscourt with victory's reward. In many ways and by. .casual little speeches let drop, she had shown her caTds to.this astute young .man," who now rattled on to the course in the midst of a varied assortment of people who had flocked to the Finbourne meeting.. IU front of what was generally known as die " Grand-stand " the " Karatoomah dn^ and its living freight came, to * halt. Had the day been made to .order, none better oould have been provided. The. course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud-tongued, .and arrayed in garments of wonderful and fearful make, shouted the odds in one's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about; from carriage to carriage, going through the usual buffoonery. Aunt Sallies, three-card triok. men, thimble, riggers, and the thousand and one honest and. dishonest distractions of a raoeoourse were here in abundance- Within the saddling paddock, where Erie, accompanied by Ronald Gregory; and others of the party were, walked, the. horses, swathed from head -to foot in warm rugs. Jockeys and traitt£ra-Sto$d about, in knots here and there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood o( the patient training bestowed on their, respective ^hoEses at length resulting in success*. . Around a dark iron-grey hunter, clad fopm head to foot-in a .thick navy blue rug with the" initials " E.R." worked in the corners, .stood Eric, Dalrympls and others. "Strip him," said the former,.to the stable-boy, whose arms were nearly pulled out of their sockets from the con-, stant habit: which Tearaway had of throwing his bead up. Presently was revealed to their gas* the satm- like -coftt -of the jrey, whose veins, standing out like lbi^k cords, and bold eyes, clear as crystal, "denoted this \- ! ture of equine graoe *ud strength ^to in the.pink of-condition, ' Wly^t do you think of , him ?" enquired SricofBonsld. "Couldn't be- better," remarked the latter, whose judgment ih matters of horse-flesh How about was much thi&oCwfore-Lsg;, .respected. looks to' me a trifle puffy. Has he haft-bandages on J" enquired the manager of .Tinwoor*, walking up'to examine: ttie limb more closely. You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gregory," answered Eric. " That is the only queer-looking, point- §iwut 4um; there, is nothing really vraona, bowner. rve hunfced-him^twice * iortMght-regulariy with the MBlboOfne hi^Ada ^it^out his Bhowing the jiughUst s^ of weaknesfc" -*- ••'. " 3 - (To be &mtiruied.;) Set a small box ol lime in ihe panliy, and It will help ius; Ii dry and 4h* «i| pore. " GOD ^TB C» graot to know Thy wiC and grit ;to doit,"writes u em tor; and then he Iooks4o sse U«U^ chiUBhsrf pt hia "gunV are'loadsd.- What diflerenae »a there between a bold, . bad man and a fUnnsl shirt? Ths dii- Jsrenoe is 4hat a bold, bad man shrinks si nothing, whils flannel only Jakes umbrage at water-, : "Ass bow is your husband,MfS-rH'Oarty* Is bs as ,bsrd a worker as ever?". "No^ John ain't worked a day for seventeen years," " Is .-he.- inospadtated?" "Mo, (ns'am; hs'sdeptd." TBITOB (at boms on a visit): '.'Veil, -ihEfisheehavestiiieklprthe-adoEtionolB fishaB haveatoueklprths- adoption afifihiiui ' Sis; " UoBla Clhadss, mat should you eall tfr. OrowbarA liaipsr or a liainist ?':' He: f'lfiRther. •SxcsIleaWm ' - ahould3sy.hewaaji " OBKBO," sud Pangls, "what it Jtj oiih doing fox a living now!" tractor. Debts" "Aeon. #obbe«U_ liHlsftnp. yearroldlprl, msij.-inudb oBcqdsd, 8he jmnl 1st mt see na «hitfh3«B. up hex Crass, and thtf, -run right bands li-yJB^-jjijifciwfc^-i Uimi." "Bo^foree^mi^fores,and siiesirShst 