NOVEL. 1 Sergeant GroiSBS.' BY CAPTAIN OHABLES KTSQ. OHAPTEK H. (ocnranrtJBD.) 1 Oh, no, by no means. I imppoeed you'd really like it,' said Manning. 'I would much rather you didn't. That's all.' And Sohramm nearly tell over himself in the Effort to estate and faoe abont in a foot-deep drift sad escape before the Herr Rlttmefster night ohange hii mind. ? Whom oan we Bend, sergeant P I want a good steady man, for Mr. Morgan is fai from mending.' TTvii, sir, wen e jrenner : ne ain't goou for nothing eke.' And bo it came to pass that Fenner, a mild-mannered, moony young barbarian, went gladly to dutiee with whioh ha was far more familiar than the grooming of froUo aome steeds and the tramping of lonely Bentry-poBtt. And Sohramm, redoubling the aaiidnity of hi* attentions to military duties, none the l«»s kept np his frequent visiU to the Morgans' quarters, modestly presenting himself at the rear door and la boriously inquiring how the Herr .Lieutenant had passed the night and whether he could do aught 10 serve him duriag the day. Pen ncr wae soon sufficiently domesticated to an swer these queries himself, but not infre quently Oonstanoe cam* to answer the soldier's knook, and thea at sight of the gnadige Franiein Sohraaun's manner would become simply extravagant in pnoision aad deferenoe. Within the week after he de clined the place the soldiers were asytag Sohramm ? wouldn't be dog-robber, bnt was boating Fanner's job all the same.* And certain it was that Fenner owed mnoh of his usefulness to the suggestions of his better informed, oannttyman.. Meantime, Mrs. Warren and Mrs. Woods were doing all that lay in their power to help abont the home, and another loving woman, who devoted two hours eaoh morning to the lensoms of her own little ones, had induced Oonstanoe to send Lot and Silly to her as recruits in the kindergarten, and the officer*, dropping in each evening to cheer the old man up a bit, BtiU striving to hold from him the fast that (he Treasury Department had proved deaf to all martini appealB in his behalf, were made e.«u wb0 mini vromuug uym awapawa from the Wolverine Benator. The old Miohigaa brigade had etill - a . pull,' and Tintop.him sdf went whistling down the line to tell Horgan the glad news that he hed friends at oonrt. . ? Bill of relief for Morgan will be pre sented,' wired the magnate. ? Meantime, no stoppage allowed.' ?Who could have fixed this for mef' Baked Morgan, grateiully, with glistening eyes. - ?. . .- . .. ?; ? Oh, your friends at home did it,1 an swered Tintop, promptly, with pardonable thought of how mnoh . stirring the friend at the front had first to do. - What they ought lostir about, now is to help you out with these— these— other claims; I. don't mean pay them for you.of course, — yon wouldn't want them (o do that,— but fix it so that you could capitalize 'em someway ; .raise a little fond that Jon could repay at so much a month with six , per sent, intersat, and then Wipe ont.aU these preatingithlngs.' ., - Poor Morgan 1 hit first thought had been that now he could order a suitable iead-etone for Oairie'sjlonely grave. - CHAPTER III. The winter went out in storm and bluster. The. springtide set in with reluctant . flow. The prairie wastM, swept clean by furious gales in March, rerobed in glistening white in April, peeped fertb. through ragged rents in their fleecy mantle at the soft touch of the south wind, then, lulfld % the j-Uuh of warm summer shower; went to afeep'^one ?vtalng in May, still thinly, veiled in white, and when the rosy breath of wakening dawn stole faintly over the grassy billows, lo 1 all in a night the faoe of nature sad changed, und the foot-hills root the sunshine dotted in fairest; freshest green. Wbo ean wel oome spring as oonld 'the exiles of the old days on jh? frontier.!1 HowlSose fair wo men, those restless little ones, seemed to glow and gladden after the long, long months of seblniuoh when, snow-bound, tjtey were penned within the stockade or limited to the sentry-lines of some straggling prairie post,! Now swarming forth like bees they came to greet the (unshine; ' the sbtit'ening «ir, the! Uny, Shrinking Uttle flowers trembling in; the breeze along the southward Blqpee, ana! oce exquisite 'mominW Ute inMay, perohed, on the Very verge of the steep blufl overlook- i ing the streami OonBtanoe Morgluvliad flung ?' to the winds her rippling mane of auburn: hair and stood stretching forth a p-lr«f long, Blender aims, encased in very, shabby: and shining surge, as though welcoming:. the fitst right of -the distant lowlahas,~lW ' broad, -eauttfuIjvaUe- of the Mini Ska. AU the lpnfl winter she had borne oahei white shoulders the o»»» of an vWmy home, *nd that a home without a mother. Loving hurts M»d binds, it is tone, were thereto aid her.' Morgan's devotion to Ws Invalid xisonbtnttm Betting all the enjoyment pos sible ent of their few months of home life. AU the previous summer, spring, and fall officers and men of the cavalry, at least, hod spent in exciting campaign, and no man oould tell how soon the order would come returning them onoe more to the field, leav ing the wives and Uttle ones to watcb and pray. ' Moke hay while the sun ehinta ' seemed to be the social axiom of the oavalrj in those days. Enjoy the too brief days aa best ye may, for soon the snmmer will oome, ?when all men must work at their appointed trade, and seven months out of twelve and sometimes more it meant separation from the loved ones within the guarded limits of the Torti, a. separation that, in too many eases, proved but the entrance upon that wbieh on earth, at least, is final. There were muslo and dancing, play- aotlng and feasting, there fore, through the witter at Buaom, and the big- hearted townsfolk over and away at the trans-oontinental road, bnt there wasn't a day when somebody, from Tlntop down, wasn't sore to drop in and have a chat or a game of cbeckero, or in the evening a hand at whist, with Morgan, who sat np in an easy-chair and was made aa oomfortable as willinit hearts and hands oonld devise, and Mrs. Vinto'n not only tao«ht Lot and Billy as she taught her own, but time end again lent them home in garmtnts newly fasUoned, but with pardonable mendacity represented to be Bometbing she had that didn't fit her daughter or that her little Jim had outgrown, flonaie'e dear eyes saw through the strata gem, and her soft red lips quivered as she kissed the fair round obeek of the loving wo man who so well knew how to bleis and oom fort, yet rob the aot of every hint of oharvy. And strangely, too, Connie's scant supply of oommiBsary was eked out by many a dainty sent to Morgan's door from somewhere along the line. So one ever gave a dinner, or luncheon, or rapper party, that Ions; winter, without a remembrance of some kind for those motherless kids, oftentimes including some comforting beverage for old Morgan himself. Even the sutler, whom the men called a skinflint, found means to 'ohip in' unknown to Morgan, »ho didn't at all like him, and the surreptitious dozens of atone bottles .of stout, glass dittoes of Bass and Budweiset, that had been smuggled in by the back gate during the last year of Mrs. Morgan's illness, never found their way on the bill. . He had sent Connie at Ohristmas a frets of soft blaokoasnmereover whioh the chad's womanly eyes had glistened, and w#iiuji, uupouuviuy, cue naa racen to ner father's room, opening it before him and saying, 'Isn't it loveljP Wasn't is just lovely of him f ' And then she was brought to sudden realisation of this rancor towards the trader by the flush that overspread Mor gan's faoe and the heavy frown between his eyes.: .-« 1 Connie, ohild, youBhaU have it, of course ; yon need it ; bnt we oan't take presents from Outran. He must put it on the bill.' he said. But neither on Connie's slender baok sor Ounan'g bulky bill did those dress- goods ever appear. She sent him a misspelled, gratefnl little note, Baying how it touohed them all that he should have so kindly re membered her, but papa was ' inflexible ' in bis views 'about aooepbinir ? present* ' from friendh they might never be able to repay, and honest Outran,— honest at least in his desire to. do aiindoess to the taU Blip of a girl with the big brown eyes and auburn hair that made hia think, he sometimes said, of a coUeen he'd lost long years before, —honest Ourran mistook her meaning en tirely, thought her words Morgan's, and, mindful of some oanstio comments the big lieutenant had made anentsutlers' cheques ha sought to oolleot at the pay-table several years before, had ftU his IrLOt aroused and was made fighting mad. 'I'll slnd him a resatod bill, bedad, and out his aoqueentance intirelee,' said Ourran that night in relating the inoident to some of the boys in the club room, whereupon that ne'er-do-well and Boapegraoe Briggs promptly besought him to ibk« un uDKUEaBoe ox me nrst thing he, Lieutenant Briggi, might say, as he des paired otherwise of ever equating bis ao eonnt. But the incident bore its weight of woe to Connie, despite the merriment it gave the boys. Acting under the advioe of his oolonel and his friends, Morgan was diligently turn ing over to the adjutant filly dollars a month of hia scanty pay in order that eriUos and ereditors alike miiht know he was doing all a poor and broken-down Ueutanant oould do to pay bis debts without absolutely starving his household. The balance went to Connie, amd with thin hTia «b A-mant^ *A feed, olothe, aad oomfort the family, pay the cook, laundress, and striker. Miorgan had bo life-insurance, and in those days could get none. Ourran was one of his htaviest creditors, and Ourran had been perfectly willing not only to wait, but to open hu storehouse orpurse-struga still wider for the struggling fouow's benefit. Only so many dollars a month cenld be paroeUed out fer the butober aid baksr, the grooer and the com missary, and Connie kept her books, and, aided by her lady friends, kept her aooounts. But over aad above all these necessary ex penses were certain dainties and luxuries whioh Oorran had authorised black Mammy to draw for at the store whenever the supply was getting low, and Morgan, insisting now on auditing the aooounts, oould find no such items on the bills rendered, and the truth came out. Outran went ofl Baat jnst then, and Morgan did not write the letter bis heart was pouring out when he kamed how in secret the rough fellow had been so long his benefactor, bnt he forbade all euoh trafio in future, and Lot and Billy kowled for oranges and raisons in vain. Christmas found their Uttle stookiiigs rilled. Man; an army mother, planning lot ner own brood, bad re membered the motherless in the bumble quarters down the row. But no one oould tdl whose hand had sent the rocking-horse ana the big wax doU that were found by Fenner at the door when he opened th« house ob Christmas vdralng. Bospioion at« taohed to seven heads, fnoiudiag Tintop's, Those head; by the way, had been cracked by a eheU during the war, and a portion of whose skull, so rumor had it, had been re placed by a silver plate, whioh led to his wearing a nickname and a wig. But one and all the aooueed established- what Mre. Whaling once pronouneed an alibi, ? beoauae they had seat something else.' ,, Then they though of Trooper Sohramm, now a fine looking; dragoon, consummately at home in hisbuflnossY but Sonramm hadn't bean near thehoufeior two weeks. A paymaster's es cort ni needed to convoy that official to dit tant winter cantonment!, and Sohramm had promptly, asked to be allowed to go. This tone te didn't say «mit dem fellers 'as he had in the field the autumn before, neither did he add 'once 'or ?alretty.' 'Bchramm waa'atndying book English,' said the first sergeant; The paymaster got liome to his Christmas aU right^— he needed no escort when bis money was gone,— but Sohramm and his squad trotted in two days latter, after the ' turkey and oranberry sanse 'were all devoured, sa Sohramm oonld have had nothing whatever to do with the gifts sent out from town. * Bo long as they had them, Lot and BUly didn't care who was the donor, They believed all the more in Santa Clans. It was Connie who thought and wondered ; it was Connie, alas; who hoped and dreamed. Among .the daily visitors to the! bouse Pern Tfcorton, second lieutenant of Man ning's troop, had been prominent aU winter, ana there wasn't a landaomer, blither boy in all the regiment When he joined. He was barely twenty-two, With a faoe almost wo manly fair, and a form as slender and «rao« fol aB a boy'a oonld be. He rode and danced and Sang weU. He didn't drink;, he wooloVtjgamble. He was a snldier's ton, HiinnihnilastU youngster who had much to teU of KMm wko bid won tie V. O.&tOu;, irm Anes. ^Ksw in Borops,' .^sidjlw,! whom it meiit death U abandoned.' The crass tor valor, pinned on Um breast by royal hands, was the least reward to whioh .be oould look. Joining the regiment jual at the end of the autumn -work, and reading of the narrow etoape of Lieutenant Morgan on the way /Thornton's first longing was to make the acquaintance of the gallant subaltern wbo had so bravely stood by the humble rcorult and got his wonnd in saving him. Down wtnt hi* ideal to duBt when a grizzled, care worn, sad-faced veteran wa« borne from the ambulance- into the homely quarters, and somebody said, 'Toe old man s about pe teteoV Thornton oould not understand it. 4 In England or In Germany officers and men would have been lining the way and standing at salute,' said he, 'for a fellow who did what Mr. Morgan did.' ' 0-h, tip there when he went deerhunt ing, do you mean f Oh, yea, I remember, — helping Sohramm out when, lie got hii. Te-as, that was all right,' said one of the young; gentlemen of the regiment, and In so saying xonveyed the Idea to the new-oomer that wire waa nothing in that sort of thing to exalte remark. It waa the rule, not the exception, in the Anerioan cavalry. ' We'd aU do just as mnoh,'— as, indeed, very pro bably tbey would. Bnt Thornton determined he would cultivate Morgan, decorated or not, and so it had happened that it was the ? plebe,' the newest oomer to the regiment, who spent an hour almost every afternoon before stables playing nhsokera with the In valid veteran, rarely noticing sUant, busy Connie, who came and went, or sat beside them with her needlework, darning the youngsters' Btookings or sewing on buttons by the dozen, yet. sayins; never a word. Perry had ao end of interest in hia new pro fession, bnt none whataver in children. It was the proper thing for him to be devoted to the senior subaltern who in other armies, perhaps, would have won saoh distinction, and he wrote with both pride and oompla oenoy to his friends at home of his daUy intercourse with a fellow who did what Beresford waa V. O.'d for at Umndi. ' Bat nobody out here seems to think it worth mentioning,' he added. He was immensely prond of being second Uentenant in a troop whose captain had won three brevets with tha regulars, and whose first lieutenant had done as mash with the volunteers, both in the great civil war ; but he hadn't been long enough In the service to find out that brevets foUowedon the heels of the gnat BebeUlon Uke rain on the boom of a battle, deluging everybody who happined to be around. He found Morgan loved to hear of life in foreign armies, whUe no one else had time to listen. He loved to talk, and so he came. He loved to hear of cavalry campaigns dnriog the war; and soon got Morgan to telling aad explaining, and so, little by little, he oame to be looked upon as the sunshine of their day. He was ? palling Morgan ont of him self,' and when the Bpring came on the ' old man ' was surely better, able to sun himBelf on the southern porch and watch the drills on the broad parade. Connie wae but a obild. Who oould have a thought for herf And so here she stood this exquisite May morning, just bordering on womanhood, as the sweat spring buds were bursting into bloom, and with yearning, outstretched arms, with a deeper, fonder glow in the big brown eyes than mortal bad yet seen, gazing long ingly away down the distant valley, down along the silver windings of the stream, fringed by the fresh green of the oottoc woods, away from the dull brown buildings of tbe old frontier, put, away from barraoks, quarters, and corral, away from ite bustling life and cares and sorrows, away from aging father, from laughing girl and romping boy, Connie Morgan's heart, shining through her steadfast eyes, was following the fast-fading dust-oloud that told where the squadrons were marchiog sturdily away to drive the Indians from their old haunts down the wild wastes of the Mini Ska, and Ferry Thornton tiding on bis first oimpaign. CHAPTER IV. The cavalry battaUon had bean gone only two days. Some few of the offioers' families, weU assured that it would be Thanksgiving in earnest before they oould hope to see the oampaigners again, had taken wing to the E»«t and were domiciled with friends or relatives far from scenes whleh so constantly brought to mind the image of the absent husband and father. In moat oases, how ever, the Uttle households remained at the post, assured by dtpartment head quarters that they should be undisturbed in the tenure of . their army homei. Morgan, whose health and spirits nad slowly revived as .the Bun oame northward over the line, had striven to convince Old Tlntop and the sargeon that It would do him good to go, but was flatly denied the luxury he oraved and bidden to remain at the post. The department oom mander came out to look over the fluid in etrly May, and told Morgan that be meant to keep him on duty at the post all nummer, in the nope that the autumn would fiod him promoted to Mb captaincy. Than he might be able to get an older to go bofon a retir ing board and so home to the old State and old friends he had xot jeen.forjeare. Mor gan thanked the kitd-hearted ohief~for~aU his help and consideration, but his tired eyes wandered away over the prairie to the lonely grave he often managed to visit now. If it were only possible to retire for good and all, how willingly would he go and be laid away there by Carrie's side, were there only some provision for Oonstanoe and the babies 1 It appalled him to realize that they were de pendent absolutely upon ao slender a thread as his life ; that he must straggle on, must exiBt, must suffer and try, at; least, to be strong that they might not starve. If only those debts were paid, if only he conld retire and take the children to some quiet Eastern home, however humble, where they mfgM be sent to school and where Connie might receive tbe edneation thus far ao utterly neg lected, then Morgan oould live on, grateful and almost content. He conld surely get some olerksbip, some desk-work that would enable him to add a few hundred. dollars yearly to the allowance of a retired dragoon. He did not begin to know, poor fellow, how universal waa tbe theory among bnstneas men Untold adUiets were unfit for business ol any kind. He wrote to Curb's brothers again,, saying nothing, of course, of how often and sow much he had helped them in the past, and begged them to find some open ing that -would warrant his -retiring. No answer came. He wrote again. Then Bob sent a f ew curt lines : ? ' Sours reo'd, oontents noted. Tho't Win. had atiB'd or wld have done so. Business very slack. Times bard. No opening of any W*d. H'd to disohg two olka last month. Better hong on to your present sit uation awhile longer. ' If anything turns up wiUletyoukLOjp. ? Ir bro. afl'y.1 Tto vb oonurosD. What fan Lnolan extracted from the su perstitious whttn-whams of hia day, the stories 'of ghosts and doubles, the spirit rappings and olalrvoyanta and magicians, and eaoleriotbeosopbies imported from 'the East.. To-day we have our Madame Bla vatskvs andvjour Mr. Steads; Mrs. Anme Basantis travelling in India in aeatoh of a religion for us, and apparently finding a new one every twenty-four hours; to the Just, with its inexhaustible bazaar of magio and tpells, the West is again turning lniite in cipient second childhood ; no dinner-table is free from chatter abont palmistry, and out- jo boards and crystal taxing; and we; have a phytohloal Besaaroh .Society with proleiticnal solemnity Inveltlgattug it all, from astrology and the rope trick to the. trans** of SIMC* the medium and the In «woUtion» of #* Tillage witoh. . Where ^ ;ttA IraBaorlst jwfco ^rtu favtaarats. iniTwiliii heartyj laughter oyrjftls lugubrious tat: 