The Salvation Army and- its ' Social Wing.''- 1 Written fob the Baixarat? Ooumer bv,' Observer.' A San Francisco society journal has an amusing cnrtoon, in which a court jester in the usual grotesque . costume, is gallantly escorting a Salvationist Inss on what the legend Co-operative Chnrity' . suggests is' an errand of mercy. Another Yankee journal ad opts a similar view of the S.A. a work, speaking of the organisation as ' Gro tesque, but helpful ; absurd, but a bless ing to the . race of man j narrow in creed, but admirable in deed j an angel of good cheer in harlequin's clothing ; a messanger of peace, with a bass drum for orchestra ; uplifting fallen man, while the ghost of murdered tnusic flees at its approach— this is the Salva tion Army.' How far the S.A. is prepared to accept this as a correct presentment, the writer is not' in a position to say j . but it doubtless expresses the views of many ontside the organisation, Un fortunately, it IB the grotesque Bide which makes itself most prominent in the public demonstrations j while that which even sympathises with ' the ghoBt of murdered music' can admire, and give a helping hand to, keeps in the background. . It often comes therefore, as a revela tion when circumstances throw one on the track of the Salvation Army's auoial work, which, without beat of drum or flourish of trumpets, carries its help to tlie destitute, sympathy and aid to the troubled, hope to the out cast, and a hand of brotherhood to all who, through fault, folly, or misfortune, have come within society's bur. Most people have a general idea that rescue work is more or less undertaken by the Salvation Army, but compara tively few have' the remotest concep tion of its range ; and a visitor to,, say, Melbourne — that .being .'the locale of' the S.As Victorian headquarters — who proposed to see for himself the working of the various social opera_ tions carried on in that city and it suhurbB alone, would probably be sura prised to find the extent oi the con tract he had undertaken, as was the writer on a recent similar mission. Stopping in Elizabeth, street, a small, leather-lunged boy, with a bundle of ' evenin' papere' on his arm, and inves ting a copper by way of mollifier, I ask ' Where's the Salvation Army's bar racks'!' (grammar is thrown away on a paper boy,) ' Up in Little Collins-street is the reply, and then comes a glib des cription ' W to find it.' Another boy is attracted by the conversation, and as I hasten on 1 hear the following dialogue : — Second boy — ' What's up, 'Arry?' First boy — 'Nothin', Billy; only a cove wants to know where the barracks is.' Second boy—' Been on; the buBt, I s'pose.' First boy — ' I B'pose so, but 'e didn't say.'. I stride on in dignified silence, for my vocabulary is too limited for a pas-: sage-at-arms with two sharp ' paper boys.' At the barracks I am placed in charge of Staff-captain Pastell, who shows me over the building, explains the truly marvellous system of work, and shows me armies of officers, clerks, compositors, 4c , all working away at top speed, as though their minimum salaries were ,£500 a year instead of 500 shillings. After shaking hands with numbers of officers, ranging from a colonel to a full private, I got undor the wing, of ' Lieutenant' Tilley,. whp sub-edits the War Cry, and who enthuses on S.A. paper work. He explains that all the Mcomps' are union men. 'J We ex pect our own men' to work for the cause,' says he ; ' but outsiders get top wages. No sweating here.' The lieu tenant chats away on.' our work,' and, after listening to. somb interesting in formation on operations in other lands, I get to work on the object of my mission — the social work — and, in answer to numerous questions, I find that Commissioner Coombs, who is on a visit in Sydney, has in .Victoria; New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia a score of homes — prison- gate and rescue homes, sooial farms, maternity homes, &c.; At any given moment, 500 unfortunate and nocial outcasts are sheltered in these institu tions. , 