FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. Quiz does not intend to write much about the benefit to " Dick" Whittington, which took place at the Theatre Royal last Friday evening. The ladies and gentlemen who so kindly gave their services went through their part of the programme satis factorily enough; the only part that was not satisfactory was the attendance. People who ought to have been present stayed away, but owing to the hard work of Messrs. Collos and Mytton, the benefit will have a better result than might have been thought. For the most part everything passed off without a hitchi The Thespians and the Royalists provided the dramatic items of the entertainment, Miss Guli Hack, A.R.C.M., Mr. Norman Malcolm, Mr. A. Duncan, and Mr. W. B. Warner contributed vocal numbers, Mr. Morley gave a recitation, but Miss Edith Roberts' pretty skirt dance was unfortunately interfered with by the clumsiness of the stage arrangements, which occa sioned an accident to her costume, and also by an unhappy misunder standing on the part of the orchestra. Those who saw the young lady perform in " Immomeena" will appreciate the effects of such drawbacks as these, and sympathise with her in the result. " Dick " can take heart of grace, and if he has not made quite a hundred thousand pounds, he has the proud consciousness of knowing that he has many staunch friends who will "give him a helping hand now that he has gone into business for himself. * * The final performance of Mr, J. H. ♦Lyons's Australian comedy drama, "The Squatter's Pardon," was given in the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night, when there was a very good house. On the previous evening the Lieutenant-Governor, who at an early stage was at the Theatre Royal, attended at the Bijou, and seemed to be most interested and pleased. The attendances during the week were very good, but Mr. Lyons will not reap any benefit from his efforts to increase the list of Australian literature owing to the fact that his expenses have been very heavy. It is therefore pro posed to tender him a benefit to-morrow night, and by this means it is hoped that the pecuniary loss to which he has been subjected will be removed. The friends of the drama should rally up in force on this occasion. * sk The first Bentley-Webster Concert was given in the Town Hall on Monday evening, and the second last night, in both instances the houses being quite up to expectations. Mr. Bentley's contributions to the pro grammes were for the most part acceptable, but he should leave Mark Twain alone. He hardly appreciates the subtleties of American humor, he has a markedly Scotch accent, and moreover he has been by no means~sure of his lines. Miss Isabel Webster has in some respectS improved since she was last heard in Adelaide, and she met with a very hearty reception on each appear ance. Mr. R. Nitschke, has been in splendid voice, and Mr. A. Duncan, although unequal, has made himself a favorite. In the sketch, " Is Marriage a Failure ?" in which Mr. Bentley and Miss'Mary Bancroft played, the little lady once more scored. By-the-bye, the decorations were woefully inartistic. The company appeared at Glenelg on Tuesday evening, and at the Semaphore on Thursday. * * * The last of the first series of Con tinentals was given at the Jubilee Exhibition Grounds on Saturday even ing, when there was one of the largest attendances on record. Miss Guli. Hack was the principal vocalist, and she was heard to ex cellent advantage in her two songs, " It came with the merry May, love," and "To Spring." Mr. Milford Haven's efforts were also highly appreciated. A series of limelight views illustrative of the South Pacific were shown, and the Military Band were responsible for the remainder of the programme. On Monday evening about 5,000 children were admitted free of charge, and the noise they made is not likely to be forgotten by those who heard it. It was not only deafening, it was appalling. Misses Mabel Richardson and Florence Compton and Mr. A. Yardon could not hear themselves sing. Still, the youngsters enjoyed themselves. On Wednesday evening, when the second series began, the Adelaide Orpheus Society was the chief attrac tion, and the gentlemen comprising this organisation gave as usual a thoroughly good account of themselves. The weather was all that could be desired for an outdoor gathering, and the audience would not have minded had the proceedings been prolonged mnch beyond ten o'clock. It is a pity that the members of the Orpheus Society do not learn some new numbers. With one exception those they rendered on Wednesday evening have been heard over and over again, and beautiful as they are, and excellently rendered as they invariably are, the public is entitled to insist on a little novelty. The appear ance on Wednesday was in lieu of the usual subscription concert. Mr. Beaumont Read secured an encore for "Sweet Chiming Bells," and some of the Victorian cricketers who were present were heard to remark—"That young fellow, Read, is the best of all the singers." Mr. A. Rowley, a tenor, was scarcely a success, but Mr. Wilde showed the possession .of an excellent baritone voice, which only wants paring down and rounding off to render it thoroughly acceptable. To-morrow evening, by general request, another Scottish night will be given, Mr. Basse is to be compli mented on his successful management of the Continentals, which are now regarded as the most popular in stitution in Adelaide. The Eastern Suburban Band played several selections in a highly capable manner. * * A complimentary concert was » tendered to Mr. Stanley Evans, the well-known Secretary of the South Aus tralian Football Association, at the> Norwood Town Hall on Tuesday evening, February 27, the object of the promoters of the affair being to recognise in a suitable way the services' which Mr. Evans has so frequently rendered to the many philanthropic institutions in and around the city. Mr. Evans has always been ready to sing on behalf of those who are not able to visit our places of amusement as their more fortunate fellows are in the habit of doing, and there was a gratifying attendance on Tuesday night. Quiz hopes that the sum realized will be as great as Mr. Evans expected. * * * The Adelaide Operatic Society, having made satisfactory, terms with Mr. Wybert Reeve, have decided to re produce the Australian Comic Opera, " Immomeena," at the Theatre Royal, for four nights next month, the open ing date being in all probability Saturday, April 21. * * * The Garrick Dramatic Club gave the first of three performances at the Bijou Theatre last night, the pro gramme including " Ruth's Romance," " A Bed of Roses," and " A Regular Fix." To-night the pretty comedietta, " Withered Leaves," will be given, to be followed by the two minor pieces played on Thursday. To - morrow evening the club will tender a complimentary benefit to Mr. J. H. Lyons, whose successful drama, " The Squatter's Pardon," will be produced. Mr. Bentley has consented to take part in the proceedings, and it is to be hoped that there will be a bumper house. * * At the Cyclorama of Waterloo Napoleon's Ghost has appeared for the last time, and to-morrow evening it will be succeeded by a representa tion of "The Sentry," illustrating an episode in the life of Napoleon. Our numerous country visitors to the show have not failed to pay their respects to the Cyclorama. * * * The Thornton-Arnold Company will open at the Theatre Royal, at Easter, with " Charlie's Aunt," which is described as the funniest of all the farcical comedies. The author of "Charlie's Aunt," has also received ^50,000 in fees—doesn't that make your mouth water, Mr. Lyons ?—and seems likely to add another plum to his earnings. In Melbourne and Sydney the comedy has literally coined money for Thornton and Arnold. After its run has been exhausted here, "Captain Fritz,' Charlie Arnold's new play, will be staged. According to present arrange ments the comedy season will be followed by the production of the locally written and composed opera " Immomeena," and then Williamson and Musgrove's comic opera season, will come along. 