A NEW NERO. BY EDGAR FAWOET, Author of " An Ambitious Woman," "The Evil Men Do." &c-; CHAPTER Y.—(Concluded.) With my darkened skin, with my audacity, with my willingness to wait and watch, to plot and plan, I had expected a task of nntold hardship, ended by possible defeat. But accident had aided me to a degree almost ridioulously unforeseen. As I pursued my walk through these leafless yet attractive trees I asked myself if what we term accident bad not lam at the root of nearly all the grand human successes. Alexander, Csear, Napoleon— where would theae three great conquerors have been if so-named chanoe hod not often turned their abettor? I was a reader of modern novels, but I disliked those of the Wilkie Collins order, those in whioh every event seems meohanioally prearranged, and things happen M if they were fragments of the multiplication table, dovetailing one into another. The itories that pletsed me best were those that showed the most clearly just how our destinies Are moulded by the apparent caprices of chanoe. I had learned precisely .what I wished to learn regarding Mark Oragge's present altitude toward bis father's young master. It now looked ae if Mark wonld act as precisely the destroying agent I would have rejoiced to make him. Still, my presence here, though fraught with peril, was needful. The blow whioh waited to be etruok might not •trike home after alL I knew that Eeerton was no coward. He would leave the Hall whenever and however he chose despite menace. Throughout all that day, I afterwards discovered, a wretched headache and nausea annoyed him, due, perhaps, as I have always thought, to some farewell Oxford banquet with a few of the dissipated oo-disciples whose vioes bad pushed him into expulsion. I epent the entire day in wandering about the estate. I knew oertain lonely parts of it, whence through tbe leafless tree-boughs I oould command a fairly good view of the main entrance. Three or four times I raw Marie Gragge pass that entrance, with lowered head and hands clasped behind him. Murder was evidently in his thoughts, at least I judged so then, though later I had oause to reverse this veidiot. My own position began to grow hatefully uncomfortable. The refreshment which I had brought with me was unsatisfying, and the boredom of. doing nothing except watch the front porch of Graydon, while endeavouring to escape all observation myself, became dis- tressing past words. The untrustworthy weather always to be found in £ngland soon lost its brightness, too; and by the afternoon a oloudy heaven replaced the sunny one whioh had made coldoeas endurable. . A stern ohill crept into the air, and to glance at the sky was to eee what appeared imminent threat® of rain. If rain should fall X should have no protection, against it. Bain did not fall, however, and the raw, melanoholy evening darkened round me. I began to feel that some sentinel of the premises might at any moment light upon me and drive me out at the gates, A sense that my vigil was likely to prove wholly vain depresssd me more and more. No doubt Mark Cragge still continued bis watoh ; but at' length the wintry, dusk had •o deepened that I could no longer discern his prenenoe nnless I drew, much nearer to the building itself. .This approach I made, and while doing so I recalled that there was a grove of fir-trees, very dense and shadowy, t a distanoe of about two hundred Tarda from the ohief portals of Graydon. This hiding-place I sought, but I bad no sooner - entered. its gloomful and spicy-smelling interior than I began to dread it* oo-oconpation • hy. Mark Cragge himself, for what waa more natural thin that this fierceenemy of Sgertoa should select the same -retreat I But .after; a while the.eilenoe reassured me. Still, it was. terribly damp here, and in apite of my superb ' physical health I became fearful of falling a. prey to some malady, if I lingered much longer among theee monastic. trees. I knew of a oertain rustic seat, and groped my way toward' it. Esoonced here, I had a good view of,tbe' main doorway, and also of considerable toad and lawn. Night had .now almost, completely fallen.:, jt would be of pitchy darkness.' Already I felt that I oould scarcely see the form of Mark Cragge if it "should again cross . the apace I was watching. And while this thought grew upon me a dim figure became visible, which I just recognised, aud BO mote, as that of Mark. Almost at the same moment J saw the front door open aad the master of Graydon come fi£rth on the porch., He had a tired, depressed air, and he wore no hat. His. bands were thrust into his poobets and his legs were stretohed apart, just aa might ao easily be the attitude of a man (and especially of a younz man), who is bored to death by a long and wearisome day inside his house.' He peered to right and left, and _ the light from the hall behind him BO gave his face into relief that I could clearly note, from its veering profile, an expression of mingled haughtiness and fatigue. Soarcely had I made this observation, .when a figure. with ita baok toward me flipped in,front of him, pausing at the steps of the poroh. . . .Seeing-waa not so; easy in my present circumstances, > but hearing was a, different affair. Of the shrill, .firm' voice that now sounded I lost no word. .-"-Ypu've refused to meet me, sir," the voioe said. " I've come here, and I've ^waited here for a good while. I don't know if you're hiding from me or not. But I demand to see yon and speak with you." Bgertoa's answer o&me; slowly, and with a ring of oontempt. " You're the son of . Cragge, my gamekeeper?" "Yes." "Ithought I recognised you. Well,what tbe devil are you after ?" " I've told you. I want to talk vith you." "Yes. About what?" . " About my sister." There .was no excitement in that brief retort Of Mark's, but it seemed to disarray Eeerton. He turned and grasped the knob of the great half-open door as though he wore in the act of re-entering the house. But. suddenly be put his hand to bis, head, as if remembering that it was uncovered. Grasping the knob of the door (as I could now, with strained eyes, very dimly perceive) be shot these curt sentences over hisehoulder— "Your messages to me have beend——d impudent. I. won't reeeive yon here in the Hall, but IH meet you outsidp there in a minute, and show you that I've no fear of your threats or yourself." "Yes, sir," shot back Mark, with oool resonance. " You'll go in aud get two or three lackeys to baok you." " Willi ?" returned Egerton, doggedly. My inference that he was no coward bad not been erroneous. " Will 12" he repeated; and like a flash he shut the big door and went dawn the steps, hatless as he was. Facing Mark in the shadow, he now said, with the defiance of a brave man who dares dangerous odds: " What's this Jthing you want to talk to me about? Your sister?" " Yes, my sister. And you know why!" (Here was my time. I rose and took from a rear pocket of my coat the pistol whioh I had brought with me, In a second I had readied the edge of the shftdowy fir-grove.)^ " I know very little about your r sister," sii sped the voice of Egerton. " That is not true," rang the answer. " Not true, eh ? Well, then, oall it that, if you please. You came here, I suppose to insult me—or drag money out of me—which?" *• I came here to insist upon your marryiug the girl you've ruined. That's all." A Bilence followed. Two dark shapes were close beside one another. I slipped to the viery utmost verge of the grove. The cold needles of the boughs brushed and pricked my face as I stooped and peered, like a beast of prey. "I no more ruined her,"scoffed Egerton, "than the Sultan of Turkey did! What rubbish have you got into your br∈ ? Find out how the village thought of this sister you're defending eo valiantly, long before I even saw her." "She was a pure girl till you met her. That IH swear to." " Then you'll swettr to a lie." "liookhere, Mr. Mountstnart," leaped the husky and hurried response, " if it's your plan to sneer this whole affair down you'll do so to your cost. We Cragges have been for a oentury at Graydon, father and son. Times are no longer what they were. You've done a damnable aot, and you must answer for it either one way or another. One way is to marry Madge—I don't care how. little you're pleased to do it, or how muoh it goes against your tjrain as a so-oalled arietoorat, sir ! The other way is to face me." "You! And what will you do ?" "I'll kill you if yon let Madge's child be born a bastard !" Another silence, "You'll kill me, eh?" broke sneeringly from Egerton, and with a calmness'of delivery for whioh I could not but admire him, feeling almost certain, as I did feel, that he stood there quite unarmed. " Such blackguards as you can't browbeat me. If you kill me you'll hang for it " "ThenI'll bangr " Let go my coat!" " Not till you swear you'll marry the girl you've brought shame on !" Egerton struck out, then ; I vaguely saw him do so. A'terward they grappled, and in a few seoonds they felL Here was my time. I darted out of the covert in which I bad been crouching. The light was still strong enough to let me see Egerton's face, where it gleamed pale and rageful. Already I had drawn out my pistol ; quick as thought I set the muzzle within a few inches oi his forehead, and fired. He dropped lifeless in Mark's arms. Mark, horrified, released him and turned on me. Then oaire my crucial moment. I knew that E«erton was dead. The point was now to get possession of Mark's pistol (whioh I had heard him say that he oarried) and to escape with it, leaving my own on the ground. Like a flash 1 was at hu throat, and I janst here state that in the ensuing contest my sudden appearsnoe and tbe extraordinary surprise it had evoked were of immense aid to me. J X imagine a sort of f aiotness overcame Mark, or that perhaps the clutoh of my fingett' a* his throat wrought with him some unnerving strangulation. With unforeseen speed my left hand bad found his uiutol is * skirt-pocket of his coat. Leaping up'from bim, after having secured this treasure, I fled many yards away, and then (doubtless most imprudently) paused. . I was well in shadow of the poroh now. X saw the main door open, and two figures outlined in the shaft of light that broke down across the steps from threshold , to lawn. They were servants, of course, whom the pistol-shot bad alarmed. And by this MUM illumination I discerned Mark struggling dazedly to his feet, like a man who haa seena ghost and felt on his cheek its unearthly breath. ' This was enough. Certain that the new-' arriving servants had not seen me I darted away. The gloom was now very deep, but I knew whither I barned. This fine domain of Graydon, which I had determined one day to possess, .was familiar enough fprtbfA ev^i in the thickening darkness where through I sIMrs to escape from it. 