MEETINGS OF CANDIDATES. MR. FRANK COFFEE AT HORNSBY. Mr. Frank Coffee, the protectionist candi date for Willougliby, addressed what his chairman, Mr, H. E. Jordan, called the lar gest and most representative meeting ever held in the settlement, at Hornsby, last night, the School of Arts being packed. Mr. Coffee, who was cordially received, contended for the urgency of reforming tho Legislative Council, so as to place it on a more liberal basis, and remove its tendency to emasculate liberal measures, such as the Mining on Private Lands Bill. Before everything, however, he avowed himself a "united Australian," a believer in federa tion, with protection against the outside world; and he pointed out the advantages of unity, in wider markets, greater employ ment, unification of laws, and so on. Pend ing federation, however, so that we might erect our factories and smokestacks and get on our feet, he would advocate protec tion. Without industrial progress, no coun try could he prosperous— and that progress they would get from an internal inter change of products between, for example, the farmer and the mechanic. Under free- trade, wherever the population became con gested, there the employer would be the tyrant, as they did In the older countries, where, as a result, things were produced at a cost with which we could not possibly compete— therefore, could not get on our feet. At the same tlmo he would only protect commodities that could be made in the colony. Having once "got upon our feet," said Mr. Coffee, we should be able to compote with tho outside world.' It was much better to encourage industry than subsidise asylums and see men at tbe labor bureau. A Voice: There are more Victorians here looking for work than New South Wales men. in Melbourne. Mr. Coffee said that as an employer he knew better. The 30,000 children who left school annually wanted diversity of em ployment, increased avenues of industry. As a case in point, he mentioned that wool was grown in Australia which went to older countries to be made into blankets, and was f sent out here again us blankets to clothe ' the aboriginals. (Laughter.) And as an Instance of tbe benefits of protection, he pointed to the development of Dell's organ i factory in Canada, which, from small be ginnings, grew to stieli an extent that it was recently sold for £2,OuO,OOQ. He was in favor of subsidies, loo, particularly to such an Industry as fruit growjug. Recently, they had been importing fruit to tbe value of £.181,000 a year — money which, making 1 every allowance, would have employed 1S00 families at £2 a week. Many of his hearers must recognise this, having come to the district amidst mud and slush; and lately j they had not. had much return. An Elector: Under protection, j Mr. Coffee: You haven't had protection. I The Elector: My ghost! we've had somc- j thing these last, few years. ! Mr. Coffee said that that was due to over production and a glut in tho market. He. advocated a land tax — which, however, would not touch the small holder, "the backbone of the country," but the big own er, like the A. A. Company, whose land, In fact, he would re-survey. The absentee lie would get at by an Income tax. He was in favor also of the betterment principle, com pelling limited liability companies to give security, paying members by attendance only, and a bridge to connect North Syd ney and Sydney, or failing that, a Govern ment ferry. In conclusion, he reminded his hearers that ho had lived many years in the district, had raised a family, and had spent £25,000 there, and was ail employer of labor to whom no man ever had to come twice for his money. (Cheers.) ! An argument ensued on the fiscal ques tion, one elector asking what the candidate had to say about tho statement in "The Daily Telegraph" that morning with re spect to tailors' wages in Melbourne. Mr. Coffee replied that he didn't take what "Tlio Dally Telegraph" or the Mel bourne "Argus" said for Gospel. He knew too much about newspapers. He simply didn't believe the statement. A vote of confidouce in Mr. CofTee was moved by Mr. T. Eardley, seconded by Mr. i T. Salmon. 