Sates mi gkttthts. THE EXILE'S DAUGHTER. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Anthor of ' Cruel London,' ' Clytie,' '? Three Recruits,' ** Under the Great Serf,' ' By Order of the Czar,' Jtc., &c; [ALL RIGHTS RESKBFED] STKOPIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS L AND IL— The Etorv opens amongst Lbe 'God'i Factory' people at Castfettra, a little daaoaaXic community. Jeasop Btj~thet one of the masters, recently married, and with ooe infant child and an adapted boo. a. lad named Trecarron, is banished from the community for his draripated habits, and be leavei Cactleum, banraininc that his place shall be taken by Tm^nu. Tbis ia aprad to, and ad be leaves the locality he is accosted by a friend, Zodack Bradford, who tells him that he might hare made his fortune there if he hid drank water instead of slcohoL Chapter III.— At the Gate of the Winds. It begins with ' Windy Knoll ' and ends with 'The Travellera' Rest.' Windy Knoll is the crown of the W innats Pass, overlooking as wild a region as yon may find in England. At the date of this history, only a few years ago, *? The Travellers' Rest ' was anything bat the haven it* title would suggest. Amidst the storm and stress of Windy Knoll God dwelt with His wonder* of cloud and sky. At the foot of the Pass within the walla of his misnamed hostelry lived Scortliin Blythe, * libel on the original man whom God nude in Hifi own image. The simple people of the Peak still call the craggy gorge between Burton and Castle ton ' The Gate of the Winds,' as it was named of old by their predecessors, who endowed the country with each landmarks as ' God's City, ' 'Millstone Nick,' *'The Toads' Mouth,' f * The Devil's Hole.' ?? Odin's Mine,' ?' Dead Man's Clough,' and ' Hope Dale.' The poet who amid that ** seas are the fields of combat of the four winds ' had never faced the land storms of the New World dot ridden through the Northern passes of Old. It was no wind of the tea that blew through the rocky gates as Jessop Blythe fonght his way tohia brother's abode on the night of his banishment from God's Factory and the cruel abandonment of hiiwife and child. It started forth as do the rivers of the Peak from, subterranean depths, from an unexplored cave and bottomless waterways. It was a local wind, that was content to storm the bills of Castieton aod tear np and down die mile of ragged cleft that gives at last upon the Vale of Hope, sentinelled by Mam Tor, ud watched over by Win Hill, that had borne the shock of atorra and tempest from the day of their first upheaval. From this gate of the winds you enter a vast amphitheatre of Btone- walled meadows, scattered homesteads, and heather-clad hills. Easterly stands Castieton, with its Ropery and Cavern, Hope, Bronffh, and Hathersage, and Northerly Win EDI carting in twain the moorland lines that break upon HaUamshire. Tapping the mountainous hillocks or marking their lower borders tower the shooting boxes of noble landowners, some of them marking the very outposts of the Danish armies that withstood Alfred and Edward his Bon in these atony regions of Derbyshire, among whose many military relics still stand within the region dominated by the Gate of the Winds the r-.^i.*^ tower of William of Peverill, the natural son of William the Conqueror. The natives of the Peak of the olden days had noted as a fact what their successors of to- day regard as a cariosity, that tbe winds blowing from every quarter of the compass appear to mark tbe pass of the Winnatts as their own. They had assailed the limestone fortresses and hurled the dost of ages around its tnrretted peaks centuries before Saxon and Norman : and to-day the Sou'wester is just as triumphant in its autumnal revels as the four wind* ace wild and furious when they gather their forces to toss the snow sky-high, until the valley seems to be thick with ghosts and the hilltops resound with the cries of demons. If the sea rolled in the deeps of the Winnatts and washed the foot hQls of the adjaceot mountains it would be alive with traditional fiends like the lonely heights of Belle Isle on the iron-boond coasts of New foundland. Not that the rocky way through the windy gates is without its tales of misery and death. It has its ghosts of the unhappy lovers who on their way to a rival of the blacksmith of Gretna Green, who lived in the region of Windy Knoll, were murdered in the pass and buried in ooe of the many secret places of the winds. Tradition, though it does not record the names of the unhappy victims, brings the murderers to justice, which is more than was Hone, as it eeerus, for a certain Northam Holmes, whose untimely end at tbe gate of the winds while it is a preliminary incident of these columns only casts an attenuated shadow over the life of the assassin or his brother, who was an unwilling possessor of his guilty secret. It, nevertheless, supplies the bey -note of the character of the master of *4The Travellers1 Rest,' and helps to justify the evil reputation of the Blythea, who, nevertheless, give to these chronicles a heroine not unworthy of the boasted nobility of the women of the Great High Peak. When the wind was at its height, two men were having a bitter altercation in a lonely room of tbe Traveller*' Kest that had once been its bright and comfortable bar- parlour. They were Jessop Blythe and his elder brother Scarthin. Jeasop bod a little matter of business to transact with his brother before leaving the neighbourhood. They told him at the Duke's Head that Scarthin had ridden through the village in the morning, and had said he did not expect to be back until Ute. .le&sop; had, therefore, lingered about the village until it was dusk. Then he concluded to walk to the TmvBUeos' Beat and wait Scorthin's return. He could walk on through the night to Chapel-en- te-Frith, and get a train there for Liverpool, or walk to the Northern seaport for that matter, seeing that he had plenty of time on his hands. This is how it was that Jessop and his brother met at aa eventful moment in this history. They both leaked far older than their age. Scarthin was bony and wrinkled, with small, shifting eyes, un usually close together aod a month that was bard as his voice and tight as the grip of his kpuckly fingers. His face was an index to his avaricious and treacherous nature, though he managed to put a certain kind of forced smile into it that deceived not a few. He was not more than forty years of age, and yet during his short life, by dint of every artifice known to the miser and financial trickster he had accumulated considerable moneys and had liens on many properties. During hie tenancy of tbe Travellers' Rest, which he had come into as mortgagee, he had. allowed that once popular hostelry to degenerate into what might have been called a hovel, bat for its handsome forecourt and artistic farcade. It was said of a London poet that running to pick a buttercup he was chagrined to find it was a guinea. Scarthin Blythe'e nature was just the opposite of this. If he had mistaken a buttercup for a sovereign he would have trampled the flower to pulp with his steel-tipped boots. Nothing was of the smallest moment to him that was not gold or capable of being turned into money. If it was possible for him to love anything it was Jessaroy Rod, his mare, one of the most re markable animals among the many fast-goers in the Peak. Nothing could beat her, nothing could touch her, up hHl or down ; and she was the one living thing that Scarthin was ever known to talk to in anything approach ing to pleasant tones. His voice was almost human when he addressed her his hand almost tender when he stroked her silky m'Hf. Jessop Blythe, sober, was as firm and steadfast in his manner as Scarthin was nervous and shifty. One looked you steadily in the face, the other looked every way bat into your eyes, and never stood still ; yet Scarthin had been successful in many an ngly tussle with trained men who fight Bteadily. If you are brought np in the Peak country of Derbyshire you have to fight froui your boy hood np ; for if there are noble exceptions and fine men to quote to the contrary there is a good deal of the savage still left in the Derbyshire nature. Quarrelsome raea about Castieton, however, were wary of Scarthui Blythe. The lips of his boots were as sharp as the grip of his hard right hand was vice like and vicious. Good a fellow as Jessop was when compared with his brother, his moral character as we know was nothing to boast of, but he was his own enemy. He bad injured nobody of malice propenBe. Drink and shiftlessness were his besetting sins, ministered to by a love of company, a hand a*, cards, and the discontent that comes of idleness. It was thought that marriage would reform him, a terrible mission too often assigned to a trusting wife. For a whole month it seemed as if Jessop had turned over a new leaf for good. After this he fell back into bad ways, and but wife bore the change 'with an ill grace,' his mother said, 'in- stead of coaxing th* lad, and not tryin'a patience wi' hard words,' and before half a year was over they led a cat and dog's life. From loving the woman, as he thought, he came to hate her, and they parted as we have already understood. Once during tbis hut day before he left Castieton as he vowed 'for good and all' it came into hfa mind to go and say good bye to her, and ask her forgiveness, and kiss his little one, and embrace his mother, but he hardened his heart against bis good impulses, thongh be knew that his mother in her querulous way was fond of him, and had always taken his part. ** No,' he said, 'I won't be a weak fool, I'll go my ways ; they've turned me adrift, and III go. Scarthin Blythe shall giv me a Blip of paper about thfffr money on th' co'.tage, or let the whole thing loose, and IT. write mother a letter from Liverpool. Zodack Bradford will stand by 'em, and young TVrgarron is no waster ? besides there's owd Woodruffe, he didna half like his job to-day, he winnat Bee harm come to them.' Thus for his good thoughts; to them may be added a vague hope that Fate would befriend him beyond the seas, America was his £1 Dorado. He bad heard of each wondrous fortunes won by Englishmen out there, that he did not see why he might not have a chance to share in the good luck of other emigrants who had worked out their passages by land and sea. Only on tbe previous Saturday night at the Wheat Sheaf there was an Irishman who had been a lead miner twenty years back, and who was note on a visit ro the Peak to show his wife and daughter the country he had worked in when be was poor before be had the courage to emigrate to California, where he bad mined his way into over ten thousand pounds, every penny of which he had brought home with him. JesAop tried to think that his disgrace had come upon him as a lucky impulse to force him out of the country, to compel him to get away over the hills that bad shut him down ia Castieton, as if he were a prisoner. 'You'll keep it dark,' said Scarthin, whose voice the wind seemed to mock with a ' hoo-booo-hoo' as it roared down the chim ney bringing with it a volume of smoke. ' Maybe I will, maybe I winnat,' waa the response, and the wind still took part in tbe interview, shaking the outer shutters and whistling in the chimney stock, the tire leap ing op in the grate for a moment and illumin ating the angry faces of tbe brothers. ' Is it only maybe Jessop ?' said Scarthin, 'only may-be?' 'That'd all,' was the reply. ' Is it so, by Gosh,' commented the other, 'wliat'a to decide th- may-be ?' ' Oh one *h'nF or another,' said Jessop in a free-and-easy way. '* You don't propose to come to any con clusion about it, eh ?' such a devilish piece of work before to-peet,' said Jessop, his eyes fixed npon his adversary, who shifted bis position every now and then, as a man might do who contemplated taking another at a disadvantage in a sudden assault.' 'Oh, you haven't, 'haven't you? said Scarthin, ' but by Goah you've gotten to gie me your word one way or another before you leave Travellers' Kest, or my name xsna Scarthin Blythe.' Scarthin was growing angry. He snarled between his words and his turiall eyes sparkled. The more he waa agitated the calmer grew Jeasop, who was not— luckily for him— at the moment under the influence of Dutch courage. Though he had lingered about Castieton for an hour or two prior to leaving, he had con tented himself with bnt one drink, and th»t was by way of accompaniment to his su iper at the Wheat Sheaf, which he intended should be his stay until he was well on his .ray through the night and into the next morning. 'Do you hear me, Jessop?'' exclaimed Scarthin, his last remark having dieted no reply from his brother, 'I say you've gotten to come to a decision before you leave Travellers' Rest, or my name isna Scarthin Blythe.' **Aye, I hear,' Jessop answered, 'some folk caJ yo by another name, and by God it seems to me yo deserve it.' ' You think so, do you,' hissed Scarthin, between his broken teeth, '* ? yo, I've a good niind to throttle you.' Scart luu was losing control of himself. He had sworn. It was altogether airainst his principles to swear. Equally contrary was it to his policy ever to threaten. He boasted himself that he never threatened, never said he would do » thing, that be did not do it. But Jessop's cool, watebful manner and his contemptuous words threw down his moral defences. ' Yo'd better not try it on wi' me,' said Jessop, planting his feet firmly, stiffening hta muscles and waiting for the attack which came while he was warning his assailants Scorthio, with the spring of a tiger, flew at Jessop's throat. He was caught with a grip of iron and shaken oflL Scarthin at the moment bad the courage of an animal at bay. Staggering to his feet he hitoutwith his right a blow that might have felled an ordinary man, but Jessop canght it with his left-hand guard, and landed hig assailant a counter on the chest that sent him reeling against the farthest wall, where he gasped and fumed aod cursed between his struggles for breath as if all his life. aCCU8toni tO pr° e swe*nnS ' Yo're a fool, I tell yo', to try that game on wi' me, Scarthin ; if I was not a good tempered sort of chap I should have knocked your cursed head off,' said Jessop, taking out a tobacco pouch and filling his pipe. Scarthin watched him with a bate that was half-tempered with admiration ; for was not this fighting man his brother* and had be not spared him ? In Ids place, Scarthin reflected as he trembled by the walL he would have killed him. Jessop went to tbe fire and thrust the bowl of his pipe between the bars and began to smoke. As he stooped it flashed through the treacherous mind of Scarthin that he ought to have waited for a moment like that before he had attacked him, so quickly did the vicious impulse follow the glimpse of a more generous thought. *? We might as well talk tbis thing out like men,' said Jessop. 'Like brothers,' said Scarthin, humbly. ' Cain and Abel were brothers, said Jessop, pulling at his pipe. Tbe time was as eventfnl as it 'was inop portune for Jessop to visit his brother. That wort by was in the midst of a serious under taking. Tbe story may be very briefly told. The New Bank at Glossop bad been opened only some two or three years. Scarthin had an acconnt there. He had freehold property at Glossop, and rents in Castieton. It did not seem good policy that he should let one bank have an inkling of his means. Nor would the two or three banks in which be made business deposits had they combined to in vestigate bis wealth have come to a proper reckoning. Scarthin Blythe had a secret place within the walls of the Travellers' Rest, where he enjoyed the miserly satisfaction of counting over a considerable snm in gold. He loved to run his fingers through the glittering heap, and then to lock it away and cover np his hiding-place ; and yet he was as he called tbem, which cost him both money and headaches, bat these were intervals from sobriety only known to himself and Jessamy Rod, who carried him blithely and swiftly to Sheffield and even as far as Liverpool when the fit was on him and the devil possessed him wholly. At Glossop the chief clerk of the New Bank had attracted Sea rt Inn's at tention. They had met in an odd way at a local inn where the clerk went for his lancheon, and where Scarthin generally pot np Jessamy. Evil knows evil. A thief soon spots his fellow. Scarthin and Northam Holmes became chums ; they became conspirators ; but Holmes was the worker. One eight he robbed the bank of its market deposits, which, conpled with some other embezzlements, amounted to a considerable snm. Scarthin was ro give him aid and guidance in his flight. The first stage was to be the Travellers' Rest. Division of the spoil being completed there, Scarthin was to pilot Holmes through the Pass, and cover his retreat in case of a hne and cry. It is a saying in Castieton that in a strong sop '-wester it is as difficult to crawl np the Pass as to avoid flying down it. It would not have been surprising on such a night, if even an erpert rider should come to grief either in climbing or descending the Pass, While the brothers Blythe were bickering in the faded bar-parlour of the Travellers' Rest over the night's tragedy Northam Holmes was lying a battered corpse by the side of bis maimed and dyine horse. half- iray through the glen. ?'Well, what is it to be Jessop? I didna mean to harm you, lad ; bat you're a stab born beggar, and yon got my blood np.' 'Not first time; yontf do well to re member bits a f eights we'n bad *s lads ; yo re lucky I didna twist yo're neck.' '? Look here, Jessop, I beg your pardon humbly, I'm in a hole, don't split on me !' ' It was a damned piece of work !' ' He was against me, my enemy, a rogue, a thief, he'd stolen from me. I had a grudge agio him, and he wfts th' strongest. 'I don't believe it, but that's no matter, said Jessop. , , , Scartfain's prematurely wrinkled nee worked, his mouth twitched, a murderous fit was on him ; if he had only had a weapon handy he would have weighed his sonl with another crime. ' Yon were always bard on me,' be said: ' Not bo hard as I ought to have been ; bnt shot np this argument, I'm in a bit of a hole ** If I can help yon,' said Scarthin, shuff ling to his feet. ' Yo can do something, and I come to axe y°' III do1 it, Jessop ; IT1 do it,' said the other, quickly ; ' but you man swear to keep dark about what yon say you've Been.'1 ' FI1 3wear nowt,' said the younger Blythe, ' and if yo attempt to lay a hand on me again Fll throttle yo, or punch yo into the neit world.' 'Very -well, Jessop,' said ihe other. *? don't lose your temper, hid ; I'm sorry I was put out so far as to raise a hand agen you ; bnt look here, Jessop, you wincet forget that we're brothers ?' *? Up to now you've never allowed roe to forget it, and after what I've seen to-night I'm likely to go on remembering it.' ' Well, dash me to bits, what did yon see ? A decamping banker's clerk, with his roeBter's money and mine trying to get away through th' Winnats, and by a short cat, by Gosh, and on a horse with a foot as slippery, as a eel's, and he breaks his neck ; any man man have been a fool to think be could ride throagh Gate-©'-th'- Winds on a night like this !*' Scarthin as we have already noted, made it a. rule not to swear. If he had sworn a good deal during his encounter with Jessop, th*t most be taken as the exception to justify the general observance of the role he had laid down for himself, more particularly wren be was in company that he desired to impress with his high moral state. It is true that he invented expletives such as Gosh, bat they were harmless in the general estimatam, and as Zodack Bradford had said characGerutic of a trimmer who wanted to conciliate both heaven and hell. Scarthin bad chnckled until bis teeth chattered again one day at Castietoo. market on hearing the new curate from the South say that whatever Mr. Scarthin Blythe's faults might be he was not a swearer, nor in any other way given to profane language. The new curate should -have heard him on his orgies at Sheffield and Liverpool, when the devil hud more fth*n his customary possession of the ouster of the Travellers' Rest. Furthermore, the new curate said there was another thing for which Mr, Scarthin was to be admired, namely, that he had ceased to make the Travellera' Best « bouse of call for consumers of alcohol; at which, however, one or two of bis bearers informed him that it was the consumers who bad done that for the place, not relishing cither Scarthin or his liqonr. 41 Yoa're fishing to know just what I did see, brother Scarthin, ' said Jessop, em pbasiflirjg the word brother, and with a. spiteful expression in his face. ' WpIL whar I did see would hang yo! Yes, by Cod, I mean what I say~-woold hang yo; -and sooner or liter you'll swing, I mek no doubt o' that. Fayther said you'll come to th; gallows ; aye, many a time he said it 1' ' Fayther was not over kind to any of us,' said Scarthin, suppressing his anxiety, 'but Jessop, lad, doa't be hard on me, I tell yo the chap as lies dead yonder was my enemy, a thief who'd gotten my money—' ' Why £ seen yo lead him np th' Pass and pull bridle of horse right into cleff as was nivver intended for horse or man, seed yon get him to top of precipice, couldn't; hear what he said for th' wind, and only that moon come out strong at reight moment I should na have seen yon just as sudden pnt yoor shoulder to the horse as was already straggling to keep his foothold, I tell yon but for moon I wouldn't have seen you push th' poor beast over j-nd man on his back ; and it seemed on if wind Jiopped to listen to rush of stones and cry of rider and thnd of horse as they went io th' bottom.' ** You say you saw that, by Cosh !' exclaimed Scarthin, making a step towards Jessop. ' And 1 followed yon round bend of pass and seed you rifle the body.' ' It's a lie,' said Scarthin, ' go and see for yoursen, it's a lie I say, they'll find money on him in th' mornin' if anybody finds him before me. Every penny, except what he toot from me, and ? ' ' Tell that to the Castieton jury, trll it to th' Judge at l-erby Assize, they;ll want to know all about it,' said Jessop, with a scoffing laugh. ' Heaven blind me. bat you're bitter on your brother, yoa ahniys was ! But what are yon going to do about it?' 'I'm not going back to Castieton to tell them yon've killed a man, I'm not goin' to split on yo !' 'I felt sure yon'd stand by me' said Scarthin, with a sigh of relief. !.* J?fJ-ends on circumstances,' said Jessop. W hat carcnmBtances *' i-i 'iK Fm CaUed oa to «''**'*, which isna likely, because III be out of the country.' ' How do you mean, Ud *' 'I am off, levanting like yonder dead chap i the pass, but wi' nobody else's money cept my own. When I seed you going up pass with him so mysterious I was coming ro talk to yon about that hundred pounds.' 'Ah ! you owe me a hundred pounds,1' said Scarthin, forgetting the peril of the time in his remembrance of Jessop's money in* debtednesa to him. He was one of those meu who have * tremendous power, of coace&tr;*- tinu, who can give np their minds wholly to the subject of the moment. , ' Yea, that's ao,' said Jessop. 'And I've a mortgage on yonr mother's cottage and museum ; well brothers should be bcDtheca.' 'Gie me the mortgage, and don't molest my mother, nor Zoaack Bradford, nor my lass, if ever yonder infant grows to be a lass. ' Scarthin Blythe took from his pocket & bunch of keys, opened a desk, drew forth two documents and gave them to Jessop. The younger brother opened them. Oae was a parchment deed; the other was a note of hand. He walked to the fire and dropped than npon the hot embers, which blazed up with them. The wind that had been shaking the door as an angry Riant might, now fairly lifted it from its hinge*, and with a rash whisked the burning papers op the chimney and scattered them in sparks that rose and fell and pirouetted against the overhanging rocks until they looked like fireflies in ao American forest. ' And now you want some money for your journey,' said Scarthin, who was watching his brother with a tigerish look in his eyes and a crouch in his wiry back that Jessop did not observe. Indeed the young fellow at che moment was thinking that at least he liad done the one good thing he desired for the industrious little home at CasUetou, upou which hitherto he had brought nothing but tumble. *' No, Scarthin, I'm not looking for blood money.' ?* Corse yon*' he hissed through his teeth as he leaped upon Jesaop, who for a moment was off bis guard, 'curse yon, I see your game; you've got what yon wanted, you'll betray me,' the words half formed coming out in gasps and hisses as he clasped Jessop's throat with his bony fingers. Jessop reeled under the asuult and Scarthin pinned liiiu against the hard oak door that happily die wind had partly undone ; as it had half - opened one way under pressure is now gave in the other direction, and the two men fell headlong into the finecourt. The struggle on the ground wad sharp and desperate. In the end Jessop was uppermost. It was fortunate for Scarthin that Jessop did not ir«- ar steel caps to his boots. Perhaps it was well for .lessop too, who knows ? ' Coward, tliief, may the gallows get you V he gasped as he gave the prostrate tnau a kick that bad nearly avenged the murdered man i» the Winnatta. It bad only been a question of an aushodden boot aa against a pair of steel clips. But the devil takes care of his own. Early die next morning Mr. Scarthin Blythe reported to the police die discovery of the dead body of the absconding clerk, and a dying horse that had missed its footing and fallen headlong into die Pass. A considerable earn of money belonging to the Bank was found on the dead man* with certain com promising pipers. He horse was ordered to be killed and was shot accordingly, and die dead rider was carried into die ' Travellers' Rest,' where an inquest was held. Sc&rthia; Blytbe was die chief witness. The body was identified by the widowed mother of the deceased. The Bank Manager gave evidence as to the certain of the moneys belonging to die Bank (it had cost Scarthiu b. pong to restore die notes and gold he had previously removed) and a verdict of ' Accidental death ' was returned. One of die jurors desired to append *' while flying from justice, ' but the Coroner overruled die proposal, and Sve bis certificate for the burial of die body, r. Scarthin hoped that at least a portion of the money found on die dead body might be hiftdftfi over to the young man's mother, as probably some of it might not belong to the Hank. The coroner, however, impounded die money pending instructions from a higher authority than his own. It is understood that it was afterwards surrendered to the Bank, and no more was heard of the tragedy beyond its addition to the older and more terrible stories and traditions of the Winnatts. And Scarthin Blythe continued to prosper and wax rich ; whfle Adser, hia niece, nnder the guardianship of Zodack Bradford, belied die parent stock, on her father's side, by her beauty, her wit, and her honesty— as will be eeen hereafter. (Tobt continued. } 