Published Story Turnhiy, Thursday, and Saturday, , 11 1 am in tho place whero I am demanded of conscience to speak tho truth I and tharc fnre the truth I apoiik. impugn It whoso list..' t ? . THURSDAY, XOVEMllimi, 1SD4. Taxation is tho causo of n good deal of trouble in Taanianla-juBt now, but it has led to more' sorioiiB results in South KiiBt Af rloa, where It has brought about a revolt of thu natives at Dolngoa, Tho native rising there i wns caused by an intimation of nn Increase of the hut tax from 4/ to 20/, This proposal led to a good deal of complaint on the part nf the natives, and MouAssunt, the chief of a tribe of 5,000 nntlvcs about 15 mllcn from Dolagon, waa arrested, together with somo of his headmen, by order of the Portuguese nlnolal residing in the Immediate vicinity. This action led. to a projooted. march on Lonrengo Btarqiict, which wns commenced. Unttars were arranged nnd tho prisoners released. The natives saw tho Government whs afraid and made requests for further favors, A friendly confab was then arranged to talk mutters over, nnd but for Portuguese treachery there would probably hnvo been no further trouble, During this confab an attempt was made to again arrcstMoHAZUM,huthccsc-pcd. Two indunas, were, however, taken captive nnd lodged in the Dclagoa prison, Following this treacherous action there was great Indignation amongst thu nntives and they at once prepared to leave Lourengo Maruucs, and within a short timo 8,000 of them had crossed tho Sutu River joining tribes round Matola, preparatory to making an attack on Lourengo Marques, Advice was at once sent of tho outbreak to tho Governor-General at Mozambique as Berlous results were feared, Tho Portuguese officials took tho extraordinary course of ordering all the Eng lish community at Lourengo Marques to disarm, with the view of mollifying tho natives, but the former took satisfaction in the presence of a British man-of-war in the bay. The trouble, however, was not settled as promptly as anticipated, These occurrences took place a little more than a month ago, Binco when, wo havo been informed by cable, thero hnvo been frequent attacks by the natives but without serious losses to either the Portu guese army or tho natives. But during the past few days there have been no reports nnd it is probable' a settlement has been arrived at. Loarcngo Marques, at Delagoa Bay, is the most southern settlement in Portuguese East Africa, vrhtcb, extends at far north as Mozambique and tho Rlvor Rovuma, which -{? the southern bound ary of tho ftroo, north ot It under German Influence. Weit ot Portuguese Enst Africa, in which there nre a number of independcnt'chlcfs with large tribes, is the British Chartered Company's territory ; and at the south-western corner the Portuguese territory is backed by the South African Republic. The Rand (or Witwatcrsrand) as Is'gcnerally known, is In the Republic, nnd Dclagoa Bay is the principal outlet for Pretoria, the capital of tho Republic. In tho Rand aro several very rich gold mines, with an nnnnal output of about £10,000,000. British Interests aro large in thesu mines and on this account there was much anxiety on the part of tho Britishers in caso tho nntlvcs should be successful in obtaining control of Dclagoa, Hcnco the despatch of British war-ships to Dclngoa Bay. The natives, however, have not been successful, and ob already mentioned, it is probablo the revolt hns by this tlmo subsided. Tho announcement of tho native rising 'did not at lint appear to be of much consequence at this dlstnnco from tbp scene of operations, but with the particulars now given it will be seen that it was surrounded with grave complications affecting', British interests. Apart from the native trouble there Is also a disagreement awaiting i settlement between the Netherlands Railway Company and tho Portuguese Railway Company at Lourengo Marques, regarding a bonus to shlppors by direct lines, which it causing some anxiety at Pretoria and Johannesburg, and commu nications with the Imperial Foreign Office. Bnt according to despatches from South Africa nnder date October 2, It was thought the matter would* be speedily and amicably arranged. Additional friction has been caused in connection with the matter by the publication in the Cape limei of an extract from tho Pall Hall Gazette in which It was asserted 'that the tlmo la fast approaching when Mr, Rhodes wilt insist on tho Imporlol . Foreign Offico taking over Delagoa Bay in payment of tho Portuguese lia bility to Great Brltlnn, or in exchange for concessions iclBowhere.' The Portuguese offi« cials naturally resent this statement, and tho Pretoria Prcu in reply, maintains that the arrangements tho Netherlands Railway Company propose to make in regard to the bonus to direct shippers to Lourengo Mar ques Ib in perfect consonance with 6 Portuguese Treaty of 1875 with thu South African Republic, An Arbitration OoramlH slon is now Bitting at Berno to decide tho mattor in dlnputo. tiOMK interesting particulars hnvo been furnished to the London 'Times' by Giiptaln John Ingles regarding tho ilnpancso Navy ami Army, whloh servo to account for thu recent Jnpnneao successes on water and on land in the war now proceed ing with China, Captain Inoi.kb has been for six years naval ndvlscr to tho Japanese Government, He says that the Japanese unvy is distinctly oomparablo with an Uuropenn navy as regards ships, officers ami men, and that In dleolpllno it is qutto European, 'The officers ire hard-working nnd extremely studious in all modern naval science. The enginoors aro especially good and the' way tho engines an kept and ivorlwd Is admirable. As sallorn, tho Japancso are not in tho least like ordinary Orientals. Thoy aro smart and constantly on tho alert, whether In sweeping a deck or in firing big guns, and are, in fact, just like Kuropenns.' With regard to their limit Qiptain iNor.M points out that although I ho Ohlnese have nominally more battleships thnn their rivals, thrcoof tho Japanese coast defence ships are really battleships in disguise, and they carry guns that arufar tniiro powerful than any others in the East, nnd nre only slightly Inferior to the British 1 10-ton guns, Tho army of the Mikado Is ileclarod by Ciptain Inoi.ks to bo nn entirely now factor in the Far East, us ' it is the only Asiatic force that has bnen drilled according to tho ruoBt modern methods. Its peace strength is 100,000 men, which, in war time, can be cxpandedi to ?200,000 troops, admirably equipped in every respect.' From a physical point of view the English olUcer considers that the Japanese is an Ideal soldier, as the muscles of bis legs are strongly developed, while Ihe upper part of the body is comparatively light. They are thus tireless when on the march, and Otptain Lvolbs pronounces them to be the wiriest race under tho sun. He gives other particulars Bhowing tluit the Japanese possess an ancient hereditary aristocracy tblo to furnlBh a large number of well trained naval and military officers, who arc readily obeyed by the soldiers. This moist Important factor, and the Information as to Japan's military capabilities and their recent successes, place the Japanese on tho list of European Powers, and as such Japan must be considered in the future. Cabtiu Notes.— Our correspondent wrote nnder yesterday's date :— The weather of late has been ninst seasonable and conducive to growth and as a result crops of all eorts as well as grass look splendid, and give promise of a bountiful harresr, whllo cattle are already showing much better condition than usual at this time of the year and cows are milking almost phenomenally, Mr. Androws Is now getting a very good supply of milk at bis creamery and the engine and scpnrntor are kept working. These are working well and giving their enterprising owner every satisfaction. The number of suppliers nnd consequently the quantity of milk to the Dlverstonc factory, has greatly Increased during the last week or two nnd as a result the manager npi) big assistant arc kept pretty well going. Mr. Hugh M'Culloch, of Old Gawlcr Rood, has a nice herd of about 20 cows, which arc giving him a good supply of milk. Mr. M'Culloch is going in for dairying in a very business like manner, his first move having been to get nn Ayrshire bull, in order to Improve his stock. This beast is the one which two years ago took tho prize nt Ulvcrstonc show as a yearling nnd last year ns a two year did, nnd this yenr was Bent to Hobnrt by Mr. Thos. Hogarth to compete for tho Oorcrnor's prim for the best bull for the improvement of dnlry cows, being only just ben'en. Mr, M'Culloch hns nlsti twoor three Ayrshire heifers Justin, and is very much pleased with them. I would like to again Impress upon your readers the advisability of milking sumo preparation for winter fodder for milking cows. A' small piece of land sown or plnntcd with sugnr beet or mangolds, would astonish thoso who have not tried It, at the Immense quantity of feed that can bo grown by propor culllvatlon, and there are but few things to bo grown that are more useful as milk producorn. Leves Eoad Tbubt.— At tho usual monthly meeting of the above trust (wrltesa Penguin correspondent), all the members being present except Mr. Rogers, Mr. Wnlmsley made another application to have something done to the road to his farm at the Dlyth to make it passable. He again offered to give £5 towards tho work and tho trust decided to spend about £7/10/ on the road. It was decided that Messrs. Lllllco and Rogers arrange for the removal of somo fallen trees on the road leading to Mr. Stott's farm, and it was also decided to have the table drain on tho Iron Oliff road cleared out. Tho other business transacted by the trust was of very little importance. 8itllng as the Main Road Board the members deolded to gravsl about 10 chains of the road near Mr. Barker's, and to get a quan tity of stone from Mr. J. Johnston's Pen guin, and have It broken. The passing of a few accounts concluded the business. Ball at Somehset ? A plain and fancy dress ball Ib to bo held at the Somerset Drill Hall,. on Wednesday, November 14, in aid of the Cam Road State School Prize Fund. There will be a moderate charge for admission of gentlemen, ladles by invitation, Dancing Is to commence at 8.80. Mr. W. Clark, jun., is tho hon. sec. Farther par ticulars arc advertised, Whvtk Ri'vuii Tin F1KI.D,— A rathur serious typographical orror was made in the |-iiraiirn|ih appoarlng In last issue referring to tho Why to River Tin Ptolcl. The Bontenoo — ' About (ton acre* have so far been proapoatod and thu results have ueun very uniform '— should have road, 'about turn hundred iwm have so far hoon prospootcd nnil tho results havo bcon vary uniform,' Tha prospecting of tha largo Hold of wash has been oxtenslve and thorough, anil has resulted vary satisfactorily to those most concerned, whloh has received tho best con firmation by tha decision to nt once Bpoml £1,500 in bringing tn wator nnd duing othor nenessiry work before starting operations on tho wash on a largo Boale, To UonsE Ownbrb, — Farmnrs and others In tho district between Tulilo Oupe and I'unguin nro reminded by Mr. M. Roitoho jun., by ndviirtlsomunt, that his woll-brod draught stallion, Young Nobln, will trnvnl HiIb Benson In tho nbove-named districts should sufficient inducement offer. Young Noblo is a successful priise taker and has a Hint-class pcdlgrco, as will be seen by the notice in auother column. SurnEMB Co out. — Sittings of tho Supremo Court (Small Dobtn Aot Jurlmllc tidn, ' amounts not exceeding £100) aro announced In thlB weok's ' Gazette ' to bo hold nt Latrobe, Ulvorstono and Burnie, ilurinv 1805, on tho following dnte- :— Lutrabe— Janunry 11, April 10, August 14, Onlnbnrin Ulvorstono— January 17, April II, August IB, October 17. Burnie— Janu- ary 18, April 12, August 10, October 18 Sittings of tho Suprump Court arc also to be held at Kcohnn for tho first tlmo, a Jml|;o visiting there four times n year on the fol lowing datcn: — lununry 10, May 23, Sop. tembor li, Dceembor 111. Wkrt Vot.u.iTBEB G. M. Co.— Shnro- holder nnd others on the N.W. Const will bu intercntcd to learn the business to ba brought before tha special meeting of ahnrc holders to be hold at Launciston on Thurs day, November 8, nt 7.30 p.m. It la ns fol lows :— To consider tbo legality of tho direc torate as at present constituted ; to consider t.ho suspension of miuu manager und the circumstance leading thereto ; to consider tin', contradictory statement made re the mine manager reporting the discovery of the reef to tbo manager ; to consider and deal with all matters appuitaining to tho man agement. W.O.T.U. — All who aro interested in re organising the Durnie branch of the Women's Cnrlstian Temperance Union, are invited to meet in the Muthodlst Free Church, Mount Street, to-morrow afternoon, nt U o'clock. Ministers' FitATEiiNAi..— The third monthly meeting of the Noith-Wcst Coast Ministers' Fraternal, was held at llurnio on Monday last. There were present the Revs. Rogers, Payno, Chappie, Walton nnd Howe. A letter, regretting his Inability to attend, was received from Rev. Mr. Marlin, of Stanley. The guests were entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Bowo to dinner and tea. In thu afternoon a conversation took plxco on ' I'nwcr for Service,' the subject being introduced by Rev. W, H, Bowe, who based his remarks on Acts I., 8. Prayer, praise and bible reading were engaged in at intervals during the afternoon. In tho evening a public meeting wns hold tn the Methodist Free Church, a good number being present. All the minis ters attending tho Fraternal took part, except Mr. Walton, who wai too unwell to be out at night. Tho next meeting Is ap pointed to bo held at Wynyard about the end of November. Do Snakes HiS3 .'—Mr. D, LeSouof, ns. slstant director of tlio Melbourne Zoological nnd Acclimatisation Society, whose testi mony may bo regarded ns conclusive, writes on this subject:— ' I have on *;vnml occa sions beard snakes hiss when catching them in the country. Ltiit week I stirred up the specimens kept in Zoological gnrdens, and thoy hissed vigorously on being disturbed in a similar manner to th-. cyclolus nnd some other lizards. Regarding thu young of snakes taking refuge down tlin throat of their mother, I cannot spcul: from my own observation, but I have auver.il times heard it vouched for by oye-wilnojso .' Jubtifiaiilb Shooting.— At the triul of the union shearers who took put in the riot nt Grnsmero station, it e imu nut In evidence that Baker, n free shearer, defende 1 hlmsjlf with a revolver. Ho wns lying in tha hut at Grosmerc, when a unionist bttterud tha door in, nnd four muti iirni.il with stick* rushed in. The llrst man struck a free laborer, and rushed at him. Baker fired, nud the man dropped his stick and staggered out of tho door. Two other men rushed at him with sticks. Baker fired twice, and each fell. Mr. Justice Stephens, in summing up, said that It wns the llrst case of the kind he had tried In which any of tho attacking party had been injured. Ho had often been Bur prised thnt free laborers did not arm them selves and resist the outrages that were per potrated on them. They were of course en titled to resist, and to resist, he maintained, with firearms if they held a reasonable Idea that their lives were in danger. He was disposed to think that if free laborers organ isod themselves and armed themselves and let it bo known they were prepared to resist, there would be lets of thoso cowardly out rages. They seemed to bo liko a lot of sheep driven about by the unlunlflts, bocaUBO they were not organised nnd the unionists wero. If Baker had had to stand his trial for kill. Ing one of the men ho would go so far as to say that the jury might well have returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. Ripie CoMPBTino!f.-The following are the handicaps for tho Long Range Oompetl. Won by members ol the Burnlo Rifle Com pany, to take place on Saturday next. Tho ranges will bo 500, 000, and 700 yards s— Sorgt.Tong Son Ft Webster Jii Vte. Saward ... t Kyan,,, SO Corp.D,lanoy ... 0 . ];{„_ '' '' 2' L.-Corp. Dowllng 10 HopKln. T 30 Ft, Murray ... io ' l.«Se... .' ao Ll-fertoni-U .'SfiSir-S ?5p :::» ;:&'«::: Oiuokbt,— Tlio return match botwoon tho Dovonport and Don olubs was played on t|lt Don mound on Saturday (wo learn from tho Dwvonport papor) resulting In tho eaalust of ivlnsfortho Don on tho first innings, Don In their llrat. innings soored OH, Duvonport bolng nil dlapoBud of for the remarkably ?mall soorc of 5, of whloh Norrls madn 8, t||0 ither baUmon who scored being Lumont ind MnnBllnld, 1 onoh, Dovonport fnllowrd Dn and whan stumps wore drawn had lost 8 wlckota for 50 Tuna.— The following hove hoon selected to rcprcBont Burnlo in tho match ngalnst Cam nt Somerset on Saturday nuxt i— Olnrk, Wltohuroh, Dooloy, Jonnlnga, Ooilkln, Wilson, W. Evans, Garner, Atkinson', Boll and W, Jones ; emorgenoy— G. Huxley! The team will lonvo the bank corner at 12.110 sharp, A NAltnnw Ksoapb — Mr. D, V. Dosnotor, of the Burnlo Dispensary had a narrow escape from a very serious or fatal acoldont yesterday aflornuon. Hit was riding his horse along the main mad at West llurnle when It Biiddonly anted nnd unseated the rider, Mr. Doss'itor, however, waa not thrown clear, but. ono nf his feet held In tho stirrup and the homo bolted off in tho direction of Wilson Btreot with Mr. Dosm-tor dragging on tho ground. Fortunately, his foot worked f reo after a fow yards had been covered, but not before Mr. D.unettor had been kicked nnd bruised. His lug wns also suveroly strained. Tho runaway horso was stopped by Mr. A. Anderson, our travelling representative, and Mr. DoBsetor waa helped to his home. It will tnko him soracdys to get over his bruises and Bevere shaking, and his escape from more serious Injuries wns very fortunate. ' Pun.oBoniEU ' Smith.— It is not often the ' Australasian ' is caught tripping, bub It fell into a rather serious aiatako on Saturday la*t. In tho descriptive! matter of a number of views Hlmtratlng ' Plctur csquo Tasmania ' tho writer states :— ' From llurnle a linu runs to Mount Biachoff, still tho greatest tin mine on earth. The oldest inhabitant will tell of tho trials and vicissitudes of poor old Philosopher Smith tho discoverer of Mount lllschoff, who explored tho wild country by himself, and nftcr years and years of searching struck tho surface indications which on being followed led to the opening of this wonderful mine Tho 'Btay- nt-homcs' thought Mr. Smith crazy. Judged by results pcrhnps ho wns, for his mind mado tho fortune) of numbers of men, while he gained practically nothing. Ho died poor. This wns not bin fnult, for a more frugal man could not be found. Ha Blniplr had to part with his interest when the mine was in its infancy and thu future rise in shares was not even dreamed of.' Wo are pleased to ba in a position to state that ' Philosopher ' Smith, as he Is popularly known. Is worth a great many dead men yet, and that Mr. James Smith is hale and hearty and carrying on aclire farming operations at his home, ' Westwood,' ut tho K,,rth. His very wide circle of friends and acquaintances will join with w in the hope that he may be yet spared for many years to enjoy a well- earned rest after his perilous, nud arduous work in his younger days. IIUIINIK SrOBTS AND REOuBATIO.Y Gbound.— A reminder Is given, of tho annual public meeting to bo held at tha Town Hall (.up stairs) to-night at 8 o'clock. Masonic— At a meeting of members of tho Freemasoni' Order residing in Burnie, held yesterday afternoon, it was docldod to mako application to tho Grand Lodge for permission to start a lodge at Burnie, to bo culled tha Emu Lodge, Tho necessary details are to bo at onco attended to by Bro. S. Ellii, who has hern nppointed secretary. Thedato of tho Installntion of the officers o£ the now lodge will bo duly aunounced. BunuiE Raoiko Cluii.— Tho time for receiving nominations for the Burnie Racing Olub Spring Meet on November 10, closed lust night, bnt up to tho time of going to press the number of entries was not obtnin ablc, though wo understand the numbor wns regarded as satisfactory. Tho weights are to appear in Saturday's issue. To MANUPACTUIIB 'Sl'IBlTS' PilOTU otupiis.— How photographs of so-called spirits are manufactured is explained by the ' South Australian Register ' :— « There are. two tricks by which these apparently wonderful ghost pictures can bo produced no ns to present a realistic effect. One is to give to the photographic negative half nn exposure in front of Borne person mns(|'tn'i.l Ing in a whi:o sheet, and nfterwards to complete tho exposure in front of some ordinary sitter. The offect is somewhat startling, for the form of tho second sitter can bo distinctly seen through the figure of the first. The second trick Is to insert in tho camera a pleco of glass on which has been marked beforehand the outllno of the ghostly figure, not In visible paint, but in. bi-sulphato of qulnlno or some other fluores cent invisible Bolutlon. Tho effect of tbis is that, whllo tho shape painted on the glass Is entirely unobBervcd by tho person taking tho photograph, It affeota the sensitive plate nnd produces all the appearance of somo ahadowy being In front of the figures of those who may happen to bo before the camera at the timo.' As regards 'the. curloua-looklng baboon face of Geordle, looking out of a draped white sheet over tho Bhouldor of a young woman, which ap pean as an illustration in Dr. M'Carthy's article, oven a slight knowledge of pho tography would enable anjono to detect that it is a fraud. Tho outllno of tho Bheet against the figure of the woman has plainly been produced by something of the nature 7 mi i?°ra BS »toPPlng'OUt varnish, and whlla a shadow appears on tho part of It thoro i» nono at Ml on another portion whore, ono ought to bo.' m.0IIE. -?AQS-Tln' Sllv-'. Pyrltos-and it i™ * c?u U nnd F'M manufactured. Sup. 6.'^?* Shortest Notice at Lowest Prices. Thomas M-Kenzie, Obarlcs street, Laun ceaton.— Advt. Tho' Lnncct' Ib tho greatest Medical Journal in tho world, nnd it says:-' The GAtLEV Bband Wiiisky Is a thoroughly well-matured aplrlt, exceptionally mellow to ill1 nnd notwithstanding Its excellent, rich color there Is no residue, the mineral matter and fusil oil nre absolutely nil. A thoroughly healthy Bttmulant.'— [AiWT.l 