Under False Pretences. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jaoobi'B Wife," '«Martin Deveril's Diamond," &o.; OH AFTER IX.;-ELIZABETH'S WOOING. Percival and bis friend dined with the Herons that evening. Mr. Heron was an artist by profession; he was a fair, abstracted-looking man, with gold eye glasses, which he was always stioking ineffectually upon the bridge of his nose and nervously feeling for when they tumbled down again. He had painted several good pictures in his time, and was in the habit of earning a fairly good income; but owing to some want of management, either on his part or his wife's, his income never seemed quite large enough for the needs of the household. The servants' wages were usually in arrear; the fittings of the house were broken and never repaired; there were wonderful gaps in the furniture and the china, which nobody ever appeared to think of filling up. Hupert remembered the ways of the house when he had boarded there, and was not surprised to find him self dining upon mutton half-burnt and half raw, potatoes more like bullets than vegetables, and a partially cooked rice pudding, served upon the remains of . at leaBt three dinner services, accompanied by sour beer and very indifferent claret. Percival did not even pretend to eat; he sat back in his chair and declared with an air of polite disgust, that he was not hungry, Eupert made up for his defici encies, however; he swallowed what was get before him and conversed with his hostess, who waB quite unconsoious that anything was amiss. Mrs. Heron had a vague taste for metaphysics and political economy; she had beautiful theories of education, which she was always intending, at some future time, to put into practice for the benefit of her three little boys, Harry, Willy, and Jack. She spoke of these theories, with her blue eyes fixed on vacancy and her fork poised gracefully in the air, while Vivian laboured distastefully through his dinner, and Percival frowned in silence at the table-cloth. " I Lave always thought," Mrs. Heron . was saying sweetly, " that children ought not to be too muoh controlled. Their development should be perfectly free. My children grow up like young plants, with plenty of sun and. air ; they play as they like; they work when they feel that they can work best; and, if at times they are a little noisy, at any rate their noise never developes into riot." : v . ; j Percival did not perhaps . intend! her to bear him, but, below his breath, he burst into a sardonic little laugh and an aside to his sister Kitty. _. " Never into riot! I never heard them ptop Bhort of it I" Mrs. Heron looked at him uncertainly, and took pains to explain herself. " Up to a-'certain point, I was-going to Bay, Percival, dear. At the proper age, I think that discipline, entire and perfect discipline, ought to begin." , "And what is the proper age?" said Percival ironically. " For it seems to me that the boys are now quite old enough to endnre a little discipline." "Qb, at present," said Mrs. Heron, with undisturbed composure, " they are in Elizabeth's hands. I leave them entirely to her. I trust Elisabeth perfectly." " Is tbat the reason why Elisabeth does not dine with us ? " said Percival, looking at his step-mother with an expression of deep hostility. But Mrs. Heron's placidity was of a kind which would not be ruffled. " Elizabeth is so kind," she said. She teaohes them, and does everything for them; but, of coarse tbey must go to sohool by-and-by. Dear papa will not let me teach them myself. He tells me to forget that ever I was a governess; but indeed " with a faint, pensive smile-" my instincts are too strong for me sometimes, and I long to have my pupils back again. Do I not Kitty, darling ? " " I was not a pupil of yours very long, Isabel," said Kitty, who never brought her self to the point of calling Mrs. Heron by anything but her Christian name. " Not long," Bighed Mrs. Heron. *' Too Bhort a time for me." At this point Mr. Heron, who noticed very little of what was going on around him, turned to his son with a question about the politics of the day. Peroival, with his nose in the air, hardly deigned at first to answer; but upon Vivian's quietly _ pro pounding some strongly Conservative views, which always acted on the younger Heron as a red rag is supposed to act upon a bull, he waxed impatient and then argu mentative, until at last be talked himself into a good humour, and made everybody else good humoured. When they returned to the untidy but pleasant-looking drawing-room, they found Elizabeth engaged in picking up the children's toys, straightening the sheets of music on the piano, and otherwise making generally useful.' She hadchanged her herself dress, and put on a long plain gown of white cashmere, which suited her admirably although it was at least three years old, undeniably tight for her across the shoulders, and ahort at the wriEts, having shrunk by repeated washings since the day when it first was made. She wore no trimmings and no ornaments, whereas Kitty, in her red frock, sported half-a-dozen trumpery bracelets, a silver necklace, and a little bunch of autumn flowers; and Mrs. Heron's pale blue draperies were adorned with dozens of yards of cheap cream colored lace. Vivian looked at Elizabeth and wondered, almost for the first time, why she differed, so greatly from the Herons. He had often seen her before; but, being now particularly interested by what he bad heard about her, he observed her moro than usual. Mrs. Heron Bat down at the piano ; she played well, and was rather fond of exhibit ing her musical profioiency. Percival and Kitty were engaged in an animated, low toned - conversation. Rupert approached Elizabeth, who was arranging some sketches in a portfolio with the diligence of a house maid. She was standing just within the. studio, which was separated from the drawing- room by a velvet curtain now partially drawn aside. " Do you sbetoh ? are these your draw ings ? " he asked her. " No, they are Uncle Alfred's. I cannot draw." " You are musical, I suppose," said Rupert, carelessly. He took it for granted that if a girl did not draw, she must needs play the piano. But her next words undeceived him. "No, I can't play. I have no accom plishments." " What do you mean by accompusn ments ?" aBked Vivian Bmiling. " I mean that I know nothing about French and German, or music and draw ing," said Elizabeth calmly. " I never had any systematic education. I should make rather a good housemaid, I believe, but my friends won't allow me to take a housemaid's situation." " I should think not," ejaculated Vivian. "But it; is'all that I am fit for," she continued quietly. " And I think it is rather a pity that I am not allowed to be happy in my own way." _ There was a little silence. Vivian felt himself scarcely equal to the occasion. Presently she said, with more quickness of speech than usual: "You have been in Scotland lately, have you not?" " I was there a short time ago, but for two days only." " Ah, yes, you went to Netherglen?" " I did. ~ The Luttrells are connections of yours, are they not, Miss Murray?" ', Very distant ones," said Elizabeth. " You know that Brian Luttrell has gone abroad?" " I have heard so." There was very little to be got out of Miss Murra.y Vivian was almost glad when Peroival joined them, and he was able to slip back to Kitty, with whom he had no difficulty in carrying on a conversation. The studio was dimly lighted, and Peroival, either by accident or design, allowed the curtain to fall entirely over the aperture between the two rooms. He looked round him.' Mr., Heron was absent, and they had the room to themselves. Several unfinished canvasses were leaning against the walls; the portrait of an exceed ingly cadaverous-looking old man was con spicuous upon the artist's easel; the lay figure was draped like a monk, and had a cowl drawn over its stiff wooden head. Percival shrugged his shoulders. "My father's studio isn't an attractive looking place," he said, with a growl of disgust in his voice. " Why did you come into it ?" said Elizabeth. " I had a good reason," he answered, looking at her. If she understood the meaning that he wished to convey, it certainly did not embarrass or distress her in the-least. She ga,ve him a very friendly, but serious, kind of smile, and went on calmly with her work of sorting the papers and sketches that lay scattered around her, " Elizabeth," he said, " I am offended with you." " That happens so often," she replied, " that I am never greatly surprised nor greatly concerned at hearing it." " Jfc is of little consequence to you, no doubt," said Percival, rather huffily ; " but I am--for once-perfectly serious, Eliza beth. Why could you not come down to dinner to-night when Rupert and I were here P" \ " I very seldom come down-to dinner. I was with the children." ? . ^ " The children are not your business." "Indeed thoy are. Mrs. Heron has given them into my charge, and I am glad of it. Not that I care for all children," said Elizabeth, with the cod impartiality that was wont to drive Percival to the verge of distraotion. " I dislike some children very much indeed, but, yotj. see, I happen-rfortunately for myself-Jio be fond of Harry, Willie, and Jack." " Fortunately for yourself, do you say ? Fortunately for thorn! You must be fond of them, indeed. You can have their society all day and every day; and yet you could not spare a single hour to come and dine with us like a rational being. Vivian will think they make a nursery-maid, of you, and I verily believe they do 1" " What does it signify to us what Mr. Vivian thinks ? I don't mind being taken for a nurserymaid at all, if I am only doing my proper work. But I would have come down, Percival, indeed I would, if little Jack had not seemed so fretful and unwell. I am afraid something peally.is the matter with his back; he complains so much of pain in it, and cannot sleep at night. . I could not leave him while he was crying and in pain, couldT ? " " What did you do with him ?" asked Percival, after a moment's pause. " I walked up and down the room. He went to sleep in my arms." " Of course you tired yourself out with that great heavy boy ! " " You don't know how light little Jack is; you cannot have taken him in your arms for a long time, Percival," said she, in a hurt tone ; " and I am very strong. My hand sought to be of some uBe to me, if my brain is not." " Your brain is strong enough, and your will is strong enough for. anything, but your hands: " " Are they to be useless ? " " Yes, they are to be useless," he said, " and some body else must work for you." " That arrangement would not suit me. I like to work for myself," she answered, smiling. They were standing on opposite sides of a small table on which the portfolio of drawings rested. Percival'was holding up L one side of the portfolio, and she was placing the sketches on one by one upon each other. " Do you know what you look like ?" said Percival, suddenly. There was a thrill of pleasureable excitement in his tone aglow of ardour in his dark eyes. "You look like a tali white lily to-night with your white dress and your gleaming hair. The pure white of the petals and the golden heart of the lily have found their match." " X am recompensed for the trouble 1 took in changing my dress this evoning," i said Elizabeth, glanoing down at it com placently. " I did not expect that it would bring me so poetic a compliment. Thank you, Percival.", " Consider the lilies; they toil not, neither do they spin," quoted Percival, recklessly. " Why should you toil and I spin ?-a more beautiful lily than any one of them. If Solomon in all his glory was not equal to one of those Judean lilies, then I may safely Bay that the Queen of Sheba would be beaten outright by our Queen Elizabeth, with her white dress and golden locks J" " Mrs. Heron would say you . were profane," said Elizabeth, tranquilly. " These comparisons of yours don't please me exactly, Percival; they always remind me of the flowery leaders in some o! the evening papers, and make me remember that you are a journalist. They have a professional air." "A profesional air J" repeated Percival in disgust. : He let the lid of the port folio fall with a bang upon the table. Several of the sketches flaw wildly over the floor, and Elizabeth turned to him with a reproachful look, but she had no time .to protest, for in that moment he had seized her hands and drawn her aside with him to a sofa that Btood on one side of the room. " You Bball not answer me in that way," he aaid, half-irritated, half-amused, and wholly determined to have his way. " You Bhall sit down and listen to me in a serious spirit, if you can. No, don't shake your head and look at me so mockingly. It is time that we understood each other, and I don't mean another night to pass over our heads without some decision being arrived at. Elizabeth, you must know that you have my happinuess in yourjhands. I can't live without you. I can't bear to see you making yourself a Blave to everybody, with no one to love you, no one to work for you and save you from anxiety and care. Let me work for you now, dearest; be my ?wife, and I will see that you have "your proper place, and that you are tended and oared for as a woman ought to be." Elizabeth had withdrawn her hands from his; she even turned a little pale. He fancied that the tears stood in her eyes, "Oh," she said, "I wish, you had not said this to me, Percival." It was easy for him to slip down from his low seat to a footstool, and there, on one knee, to look full into her face, and let his handsome dark eyes plead.for him. " Why should I not have said it ?" he' breathed softly. " Has it not been the dream of my life.for months?-I might almost say for years ? I loved you since you first came amongst us, Elizabeth-, years ago." " Did you indeed ?" said Elizabeth. A light of humour showed itself through the tears that had come into her eyes. An amused, reluctant smile, curved the corners of her mouth. "What, when I was an awkward, clumsy, ignorant schoolgirl, as I reqaenjber yoijr calling me one day after I had done something exceptionally stupid? And. when you played, practical jokes upon me- hung my doll Up by its hair, and made me believe that there was a ghost in the attics-did you care for me then ? Oh, no, Percival, you forgot I and probably yon exaggerate the amount of your feeling as much as you do the length of time it has lasted." " It's no laughing matter, I assure you, Elizabeth," said Percival, laughing a little himself at these recollections", but looking vexed at the same time. "Iam perfectly serious now, and very muoh in earnest; and I can't believe that my stupid jokes when I was a mere boy have had such an effect upon your mind as to prevent you from caring for me now." " No," said Elizabeth. " They make no difference ; but-I'm very sorry, Percival I really don't think that it would do." " What would not do ? what do you mean ?" said Percival, frowning. " This arrangement ; this-this-pro position of yours. Nobody would like it." " Nobody could object. I have a perfect right to marry if I choose, and whom I choose. I am independent of my father'. "You could not marry yet, Percival," she said, in a rather chiding tone. " I could if you would not mind sharing your poverty with me. If you loved me Elizabeth, you would not mind." " I am afraid I do not love you-in that way," said Elizabeth, meditatively. " No, it would never do. I never dreamt of such a thing." " Nobody expects you to have dreamt of it," rejoined Percival, with a short laugh, " The dreaming can be left to me. The question is rather whether you will think of it now-consider it a little, I mean. It seems to' be -a new idea to you-though I must say I wonder that you have not seen how much I loved you," Elizabeth I I am willing to wait until you have grown used to it. I cannot believe that you do not care for me I you would not be so cruel; you must love me a little-just a very little, Elizabeth." <" Well, I do," said Elizabeth, smiling at his vehemence "I do love you--more than a little-bb I love you all. You have been so good to me that I could not help caring for you-in spite of the doll and the ghost in the attic." Her . smile grew gravely mischevious as she finished the sen , tence. " Oh, that ia not what I want," cried Percival, starting up from his lowly position at her feet. " That is not the kind of love that I am asking for at all." " I am afraid you will get no other," said Elizabeth with a ring of sincerity in her voice that left no room for couquetry. " I am sorry, but I cannot help It, PercivaJ. " Your love is not given to anyone else?" lie demanded, fiercely. " You have no right to ask. But if it is a satisfaction toiyou, I can assure yon that I have never cared for any one in that way. X do not know what it means," said Elizabeth, looking directly before her. " I have never been able to understand." "Let me make you understand," mur mured Percival, his momentary anger melting before the complete .candour of her eyes. " Let meteach you to love, Elizabeth." She was silent-irresolute, as it appeared to him. " You would learn very easily," said be. " Try-let me try." " I don't think I could be taught," she answered slowly. " And really I am not sure that I care to learn." " That is simply beoause you do not know your own heart," said Percival, dog matically. " Trust me, and wait awhile. I will have no answer now, Elizabeth. I will ask you.again." " And suppose my answer is the same ?" "It won't be the same," said Percival, in a masterful sort of way. " You will under stand by-and-by." She did not see the fire in his eyes, nor the look of passionate yearning that crossed his faqe as he stood beside .her, or she would- scarcely have been surprised when he bent down suddenly and pressed his lips to her forehead. She started to her feet, colouring vividly and angrily. " How dare you, Percival!-" she began. But she could not finish the sentence. Kitty called her from the other room. Kitty's face appeared; and the curtain was drawn asido by an unseen hand with a great clatter of rings upon the pole, " Where have you been all this time?" said she. " Isabel wants you, Lizzie. Peroival, Mr. Vivian talks of going." ' Elizabeth vanished through the curtain. Percival had not even time to breathe into her ear the " Forgive me " with which he meant to propitiate her. He was not very penitent for his offence. He thought that lie was sure of Elizabeth's pardon, because he thought himself sure of Elizabeth's love. But, as a matter of fact, that stolen kiss did not at all advance his cause with Elizabeth Murray. He did not see her again tliat niglit-a fact which Font him back to his lodging in an ill-satisfied frame of mind. He and Vivian shared a sitting-room between them ; and, on their return from Mr. Heron's, they disposed" themselves for their usual smoke and ohat. But neither of them seemed inclined for conversation. Bupert lay back in a long lounging-chair; Pereival turned over the leaves of a new publication which had been sent to him for review, and uttered disparaging comments upon it from time to time. "I hope all . critics are not so hyper critical as you are," said Vivian at last, when the volume had finally been tossed to the other end of the room with an exclama tion of disgust." "Pah! why will people write such abominable stuff ? " said Pereival. " Beach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays behind you ; I must have something to take the taste out of my mouth before I begin to write." Vivian banded him the boob, and watched him with some interest as he read. The frown" died away faom his forehead, and the month-gradually assumed a gentler expression before he had turned the first page. In five minutes he was so much absorbed that he did not hear the question which Vivian addressed to him. " What position," said Bnpert deliber ately, " does Miss Murray hold in your father's house ?" " Eh ? What ? What position ?" Away went Percival's book to the floor; he raised himself in his chair, and began to light his pipe, which had gone out. " What do you mean ?" he said. "Is she a ward of your father's ? Is she a relation of yours ?" "Yes, of course she is" said Percival, rather resentfully. " She is a cousin. Let me see. Her father, Gordon Murray, was my mother's brother. She'is my first cousin. And Cinderella in general to the house hold," he added grimly. "Oh, Gordon Murray was her father ? So I supposed. Then if poor Bichard Lutfcrell had not died I suppose she would have been a sort of connectiou of my sister's. I remember Angela wondered whether Gordon Murray left any family.'' "Why?" "Why? You know t>e degree of relation ship and the terms of the will made by Mrs. Ijuttrell's father, don't you ? " " Not I." "Gordon Murray-this Miss Murray's father-was next heir after the two Luttrells, if they died childless. Of course, Brian is still living; but if he died, Miss Murray would inherit, I understand." " There's not much chance," said Percival, lightly, u . ' " Not miich," responded Vivian. They were interrupted by a knock at the door, The landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which had been left at the house during their absence, and which she had forgotten to deliver. It was addressed to Vivian, who tore it open, read it twice, and then passed it on to Percival without a word. It was from Angela Vivian,. and con tained these words only " Brian Luttrell is dead." {To be Continued.) 