SPORTING. The acceptances and general entries for the Onkaparinga Easter Monday meeting were due with Mr. Yon Doussa on Monday. In the Hardies 13 candidates are left in, and in the Stespleobafle there are 16 left to battle for the big stake that fo offered. The presence of BbocMd Bean Brtunmel has no doubt had something to do with curtailing the fields in the jumping events, but with the glorious un certainties -of the turf the favorite* may go down or ran off, and then both mom will look very open affairs. In the Ookaparinga Cup then ate 10 runners left in,' nd in the Kail way Stokes a dozen candidates. The Trial Stakes, Amateur Steeple, and Dis posal Stakes hare filled Satisfactorily, and then are quite enough hones left on the card to afford a very interesting afternoon's racing to those who patronise the gnat pionio meeting of the year. Promptly to time Mr. Hy. Hughes issned *Kf Weight* for the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cap on Monday. As was expected Titan heads the list in the Goodwood with the steadier of 10 ad. 8 Ib., and even with this impost, should the phenomenal gelding make hi* apoear*nce here, his ohanos? will be re- Knardedaa second to none overthe six fur longs at Marpaettrille. Hi* measure may be gaged from the fact that he is conceding 4 et. and I lb. to John Boil at the bottom of the tot, who won the Trial Stakes on the Old Coarse on Saturday. VVe shall take another opportnnitj- of analysing the weights of this raos as well as the Adelaide Copt where The Admiral has been placed in the poet of honor with 9 st. Blb. Last year's winner, Vakeel, looks well in at 8 et. 12 lb., ■ad Mr. Vf. B. Wilson's repreeantotivES and other Melbourne horses appear to hare a fair •how along with the best or the looal division. The weights were merely glanced over by turfites on Monday, as then ate no books open, nor is anythiogr likely to be done on this nweting until the Onkapfcringa meeting lfi a thing of the past, Ebor. Selim, OrnU?tts, and Bean Brnmmel ate amongst tbe n?w arrivals, also LX.li.and Cbasn. The brother* Anwin have arrived in Adelaide to fulfil riding «ngagemi«?B at the earning mefctinaa, Ain?rtiinrofthe«oininhte?of sfae&A;,J.C. took place on Monday afternoon. The dis- QttattGkUofi* of W. Gobnan, G. F. Kain, and A. JT. Gto?oh, aa jockeys, were removed. Nine other applications wre heard and refused. The aOp&oatioD; of Mr. W. Mallen for the removal of the disqualification of Ensign was received and leave given to apply again in six months' time. Applications on behalf of Kipper and Xiightfoot wen refused. The enb jeetof a blind totalizator was discussed, but was adjourned to a future meeting. Tbeeeoretaryof the Adelaide Polo Club hai madean annfeatiott to the oommittee of the &A.1.0.; to obtain she ate of the Morphett- VOU?Oottrae for their annual race and aports messing fa the month of April, a weak before *?B&3.a.Ai*manwmBal tneoarfdera tfott, however, of sue openings that have to b? mad* in the tanoing and die cutting up of the racing track just prior to Hie holding of the priantpal nteMittg of the year, the &.A.J.O. mMlttnstes ut Btaaying their own interests first nave had to deoune the offer of the Polo dub, leaving sham to arrange tor a later date, as the S. A. J.C. raoes are concluded on Satur day. May 6, after which the oourse would be available to tbe poloiata. We hare received from Messrs. Barker and Ohambers a catalogue of the Fnlham Park and TttmtfieM thoroughbreds, which will be ü?Oatttl tor sale at the John 801 l yards on Thorsday, Manh29. The Foiham Park lot winM 1% .yearlings, one 3-year-old, and one usjetald; «he Turretfield representatives tafcA tea 7***i*o. two S-year-oldt, tight brood ttana, aad a roadster wit, Mr. El worthy has anauged Cor a tale of Morphett- TflteycMdian «<> take place at the same backar on Friday. May 4. The Beltana races will take place on Wed* taatoqr, Hstfnat, Settling over she V.E.C. Autumn meeting took place at TattersaU's dub-rooms on Tfame&ay; (says the Sgdncy Xkutg TeUgnfk), and passed off without complaint. Speoula tion cmumenoed on the leading handicaps of the local autumn campaign, bat very little butanes was transacted. The following are she prices on offer;—Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap—B to 1 each v. Magnus and Lady Trenton, 10 to 1 each v. Utter, fiorrie, and His Reveronoe, 12 to 1 v. Qaeeneborodgh, 15 to 35 sol v. others. A.J.C. Doucaster Handicap —100 to 6 each t. Stanmore and Brockfeigh, lOO.to 4 each v. Steadfast and Loyalty. Sydney Oup—LO to lon tbe field. is of the opinion that there wa« a rhampion unearthed at Gundagai reoentlv in th* snaps of an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, can) to be by Btaegown from a Baowdenmar&. On the first day of the meet ing he went to the front at the fall of the flag in the Stewards' Handicap, one mile, and new giving his opponents the ghost. of a ohsnovwinning by any number of lengths in the capital lone oil mm. 43* sec. Then, on the second day. in she Tows Plate, one and a quarter mile*, he pursued the Bane taotros as on the first aay, with the remit that he beat both Gerald dhnand Babette like hacks, and got to the end of the Joorney, without being extended in any Wrl of it, in 3 mm. 10} see Lad Astray v ? tnuandow length gelding, and altogether, is nicety pot together. He has been amok bow for a number of years, and only reoeeWy started in and won a back race at Jugn**. Be was, I believe, on offer cot Ions; einoe Cor a trainer, but nobody seemed annooi to beaomepog?ees6d of bint even at *haaamall earn. Hh legs are as sound aa a ball, and he looks one of those hardy little mil Aim that will keep training on and never be aidk or aorry a day. The trainea at Bandwiok on Saturday morning were not deterred by the rain from •ending their various charges along. The greeterpartof the work was performed on the Bourse proper. About the first to move were Merry Belle and OoOarstte,. who cast six tudonga behind in fair time. King Orry and Attains got over a similar distanoe. Jack Ratting finished in front of Thulite over three-quarters of a mile, covered in 1 mm. 22 sec. Bodkin finished in frost of Magnus, Nightingale, and another over a circuit ran in good time. All Sorts was in front of Bliss over once round. Sootoh Lassie defeated Coral over six fttrionga. Division did a useful cirouit, and fialvator was in front of Cradle an* a state over thiwwjuarteM of a mila. Bell Metal, Dnfce of . Xbrk. Ohesterman, and Baaonatmuaiou-finuihwi in the order written > over six furlanga. His?everaensdidagood t> working saDop. Lannoeston and Loyalty got ■ over a nule m 1 mm. 6SJ see King' Jewel * ereooted-atastfiyeforiongs. "Babel, assisted ' by Triton, performed a ueefol once round. BoesteOan dafeated Tmrignia and Penman over • mila. Gloom had more to say than Durban •tad Deceiver over wneo-quarters 61 a mOe. Sagina and Viotot finished together at the «nd of five forkmgs. Ganoala and Projectile, aetostadby Gp Bias, ran a circuit in 2 mm. 44 sec Cannon and First Shot did %a eervtoeable gallop over six furlongs, and w Aslaa beat Yoto?y over the same journey in 1 mm. 22|eec Aomena bad aha advantage of . Glenulbn" over shree- quarters of a mile, and The Trier gave Baruaby Radge no peace over oaee tonM. TJtter bad the poll over Pilot Boy and Babecoa over a mile. Albeoore was in front of Plover at she end of fivjs furlong?. Warfare cantnrwrt. Oamage, looking vastly improved, got over ones round in 2 mm. 42$ eeo- aad putted up without showing any signs of Isineneei Harris showed to advantage over TrenobantL tTabba, and Veno in a gnii? ga?op, negotiated m fair time. CUre, with Pnnchettown for a companion, ran five furkoga in 1 mm. 7 sec. Albert and The Ace got over three miles at a Biaepaoe. Mahe?Kave a drubbing to Melodia and Oliver over a circle of the tan. Steadfast cantered. nTamsohat ran a useful six fur longs, • Kirvana easily beat Friction and a eo?jpanion over a mile and a quarter. Affao tation was in front of Avonmore and another ovet three-quarters of a mila, run in 1 mm. 23 mac Climax performed a osoful odea round. M.L.A. appiimd to advantage over six fur longs, and Solon was in front of Nobleman at the .finish of five-furlongs. Whisht. Oxide, JejweUer, daveroonae, Gadet, Bendigo, Inspiration, Perseus, *nd a nest of others par. iormed iiaSthntorv tosks. In the afternoon, says tbe?mUd. The Sailer Prince, The Ad mnaLjThe Harvaster,Oooya, Bradford, Stead fast, Gamage. Warfare, ™ii« Scotland, Tbe Poasible. Light Artillery, and Malaohissdid tsMfulworfcT -Dor: Narraqoorts oorraspondens writes:— Good nominations have been received for the priaoipal eventa on the programme for the Autumn msiting of she Harraooorte Basing Club, which takes place on the 28th inst. Fiffy-fi ye boraes b*va been nominated for tbe chief events,-so that some interesting racing is antiapated. The new grand stand which has basn reotntty completed will be used for the first time. Coaniag men will regret to hear that Mr. A. Bobertson'k oslebrated Kreyhound Eho-1 danthe died on tbe 28th of February at Struan. j The daughter of Bebellion and Westeria was bred by the Hon. W. B. Bounsevall, and won two V.C.O. Waterloo Oops when owned by Mr. Wagner, and also a number of other important events. Bhodantbe was 14 yean okfwhen she died, and during bar brilliant "onrslng eaner she probably won more money fc stakes than anr dor in intnlu. 