THE BARBER'S GHOST. Night was coming on apace; a piercing east wind wildly scattered before it the thick flakes of snow, which were descend ing so as completely to obliterate all traces of the path through a lonely moor, over which a traveller was journeying, with the hope of reaching a village, where he ;intended to remain for the night. He wasan entire stranger in those parts, and such was the nature of the country that, under tie most faocurable circumstauces, he would have experienced some difficulty in threading the mazes of the wild dis trict he had to traverse. In this dilemma, as his only resource, he committed himself to the guidance of his horse, concluding that the instinct of the noble animal was much better adapted to the emergency than his own reason, be wildered as it was. The faithful and sa gacious creature fully justified the confi dence reposed in him; he pursued his course steadily, but cautiously, and in a few hours the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faint glimmering light in the horizon. • By this time, he was alinost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, formed one body. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, a "lord of the creation," on this occasion, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue his 1ourge uutil at length the traveller, more dead taau alive, arrived at a venerable and spacious-looking mansion, which ap peared to have been in former days a castle, as some of the battlements, the moat and the gothic gateway were still re maining. However, as lights appeared in the win. dows, and sounds of revelry were heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate to avail himself of the knocker to an nounce his arrival ; and after a short in terval, the door was opened. Judge his surprise and satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of the castle itself -for such it was-were transformed into comfortable accommodations for travel. lers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from the pelting of the pitiless storm Our traveller was with difficulty de tached from his horse, and was shown into the. spacious kitchen, ih the ingle nook of which ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, but not before his grotesque appearance hail affotbrded ample merriment to the guests who were ca rousing there. As our guest was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that he would be even with them for their mis timed jokes ; and he was as good as his word, as you will see. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed and foddered, he inquired of the landlady if he could be ac commodated with a bed for himself; but what was his vexation on hearing that the rooms were all engaged, exctt one apart ment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the spirit of an unfortunate barber, who had cut his throat there some three weeks before ; since which catastrophe the room was regarded with so much dread that not a servant in the house could be persuaded to enter it. Our traveller was not a man to be terri filei by the idle fears of ghosts ; and as it was out of the question to budge that night, he expressed his determination to sleep in the hanuted chamber, and a lholrght" which crossed his mind confirmed uis resolution. The difficulty was to pre vail upon the servants to enter the room to make a fite and prepare a bed; but by dint of a certali argument the traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading and encouraging them him self. At lhngth, everything was arranged for the accoummodation of the rash and presumptuous strallg.r, as he was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Oor traveller, after partaking of a hearty supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to be carried up- stairs, observing that it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, and to question him about the dreadful secret that prayed upoL n his mind aul prevented himl fiont ri?sting quietly in his grave. The lahulady, who admired the couaage of her guest, while site regretted his rash ness, lade him "Good night.," with i" heaver bless you, sir," which she tittered in a to:e of mlisgivig rather than hope, as if she dlsubted whether she wouhl ever see him again. Our traveller lighted his pipe and awaited the issue very composedly. -hle .clock struck twelve, the high chlu:g,. hour of ghosts. but no spirit ap pearei ''ihe storm hail now i;crelausud to a perfcct hurricane, andl the guests seemed resolved to sit it out, as they lhad formed thlemcelvce.s inltloa l:tp:uty :t hazard. Our tilavlilier had, dur ig th,, inight, heard fre iel?ut a"lilisiil:s iln.' to l himiself, soime of thae ecupl,.tsy wotlerii'ig what would be. .oni,;if him wJeni the castle bell should toll one, wlhich was the .sgial for the ghost tIo pp:ear. This was l.aws for our tra reller which he dl d not fail to turn to im lueliate ladvailt:ie, by settilg about his lirecoie.ivetl design of acting time part of lshot hiself.i \With titis view, ie converted one ot his h?leelt itllul viy :piroplrpiate spectral rolbe, arotiund his ieck le tiel . reI:l gl ter, to rlp elc t iths wsntui iilic tedl by the dlecea.et ai.blber oi his tllloat. . liece of lunrnt cork ii eid hiu to dls?i.se his face and ii it.r it stli'ieutly hideous miii, to crows ill, a niit- aip with a large tassel, with dcth's tlir;l andl ciross-tones reprceiutonl in fItlsit Iy loeis of the afore:t:id i 'lrut cok. It was islow on tllhe tsokitie oiste; .tii, at if to second his views, the corlpaty were just then intent lil ttlir -all- : t.tr'e Wias lint a iti ltte to I ltl ;o.?iulehi,, ,, however, was needed i . .... ' :,i< t-o-; l-:c lie tlhoiult rhe spirit Of toe barber coult not be inore appropriately equipped thaln with ta razor in0 o li hand and a stiviilg-hox in tlhe other. His lipot nanti au sooi s1upplied these requisite appendlages, wlhen it sud denly occurred to hiin that it would greatly heighite the efliet if brninlig spirit were substitnted for the ordiniary lather. The remUnanut in the bottle readily fiurnishled him withi the iflainiuuable lather. Conceive him ready for action, awaiting iho avwful signal from the castle turret. It sounded at length, and our ghost, having lighted ulp thle ethereal contents of his lathler-box, stalkted out of the room with a heavy treald. The strange soaud andi the ominous toll of the bell instaitly lput an eidto all inoise aid revelry amongst the terrified gamblers. With one kick the spectre 4forced ollen the door, and pre sented himself to the hlorror-strikein com. pony. The ghost deemedt it prudent not to allow them to rally their senses; but as a climax to the scene, olioling the razor in one hand and the shaving box in the other, in a deep, hollow voice, said, " Will you he shaved '" There is omuething ouflieieotly disa gresable in the sight of a uaked race brandished in a menacingattitude, but the idea of being shaved by a ghost, anl brushed with intlaionuable lather, is too much for human nerves. The company all rose in an instant; and, as there was fortunately a back door in the room lead ing to the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves necks and heels, never stopping until they reached the bottom, where they lay sprawling in speechless terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not idle; his robe served as an apron, into which lhe collected all the money on the table. lie then extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete success of his scheme. How the routed gubsts" recovered from their fright would be superfluous to re late ; suffice it to say, that at last they retired in fear and trembling to. their beds, without once thinking of the monay they had left behind them, in the apart ment where the ghost so unexpectedly in terrupted their revelry. The next morning our traveller in vain rang his bell for the waiter; not a soul in the houso dared answer thosumomons; and when he at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from his pre sence.as if it were a second supernatural visitation. IHe called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcominlg, and he was surveyed at a distance witn glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, lie succeeded in persuadinge the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that lm was the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and that he was really flesh ando blood, andi not a ghost. This assurance he confirmed-by a cordial Ihake of the handy accompanied by a good natured laugh at the fears which his ap pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summuoled courage to enter into conversation with him, and inquired bow he hail passed the night. "Never better," wsas tihe reply "Did you hear nothing 1" "Nothing," lie replied. "Nor see auything 1" " Why, yes," said lie, with an air of in difference; "an impudent scoundrel of a barber popped his head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wanted to be shaved. I supposed the fellow was drunk, and so I kicked him down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in their quarters to dinner: and our traveller joined them at the table. The conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; and the hero of the tale was much amused at the different accounts given of the ghost. One insisted that it was that of the barber mtnost nquestion ably, as he was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that although le had never seen the barber while liv. ing, lie had see a capital likeness of him, and that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the lire calme fronm his mouth and nostrils, and that his voice resembled that of the un fortunate man who had committed suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting per ,uissiol to be heard, thus addressed the "Gentlemen, I love a joke as well as any man ; but a joke may be carried too far; and as the belief in ghosts is as ab surd as it is mischievous, I should be sorry that we should part without all ex planation. Belhol here before you, gentle men, the identical ghost that spread isuch consternation a:nongast you tVWhen I on tered this inn:last night you wore pleased to be very meiry at illy expoenseo: and as I always give a &lolanl; for an Ollrer, I vowed I would be revenged. The idle re port of tie ghost in the haunuteld chiam;.er sucggested to me the scheme i practise.l with so much success. If you doubt my word, gentlemen, behold the money you left Iehind in your hurry, and which I bore off with the intention of restoring to youl, as I now do." As he said this, he unfolded a halnker chief and deposited the gold upon the table. The explanation, aecompauied as it was by the unexpected recovery of tihe cash, produced a universal roar of laughter. The guests shook the tra reiler by the hutla, heuartily thanking him for a lesson they shiouhl never forget to the last hour of their lives. 