THEATRICAL SLANG. PHRASES THAT ARE IN CONSTANT, USE BY THE CHILDREN OF THE FOOTLIGHTS. Few callings exploit as much slang as tlint of the actor. Ho has a slang word for every phase of his business. The perform ance, to begin with, is the " show," which, when ?00ut is ouc oi j when b&(| is " snide," though the words " screamer" and "goosey " arc sometimos used as alter natives with the first-named oxprossions. The etage manager is eomm'only " Daddy," and a professional actor is " ono of the protesli." A person who appears on the stugo on special ocoasions, ana. in vory subordinate parts, is a "super," often still further contracted into "supe." An article used on the stage by tho uotors is a "prop erty," while tho lender of the orchestra is always the "Professor," and the placa where he and tho musicians sit is often known as the "menagerie." When the salarios have been paid the actors tell each other that the "ghost walk's," while actors who give performances in .halls and such places as can bo. obtained are dis respectfully known as "barnstormers." A place where only one- performance is givon is a " ono-niglit stand," and (o "play to good business " is to succeed financially in a theatrical venture. By the " house " is meant the audience, and to " paper tho house " is to send out a tago number of " complimentaries," or tickets for which no money hns been paid. By a " run " is moant the number of performances given at one " stand," or theatre, .while a " star" is understood ia mean the leading actor ofa play ; a " walking gontleinan " is an actor who epoake little, a " serio-comlo " Is an actorwhoso work is indicated by liis name, An actor "sticks" when ho forgets, the words assigned to him and " kloks when ho raises au objection to an order or request. In stago'parlancc " business" iB nny by .ploy, either preconcerted or impromptu, per formed by an actor in ordeffto till an interval while spine ono olse is speaking, to further the course of the. plot, or simply to cause amu-emont among tho nudiohce. Tho staco is the " boards " and tho gallery the " homo of the gods.'! 