THOU ART THE MAN. , BY BOSS BRADDON. CHAPTER X. BKPO&1E THE COBONKR. 'Daylight, which solves many mysteries, brought to light the weapon that had slain Mane Arnold. The knife that killed her was found lying among the bracken and primrose roots a few yards from the spot where she was murdered, and it was a knife which the keeper who bad attended the two men in their salmon- fishing immediately recognised as belonging to Brandon Mountford. He had seen him use it fifty times, he told the solicitor from Carlisle who was watohing the case in Mountford's interest. Convinced of Mountford's innooenoe, and anxious to protect bis guest, even in the midst of.his own passionategrief. Sir Joseph had telegraphed to his solicitor that morning, and he had arrived at Ellerslie at noon, and had occupied himself for more than an hoar in looking about him, and questioning the servants- who had been oonoemed in the tragedyof the previous night. The inquest waa opened at the village inn a« 3 o'clock in the afternoon, by which time everybody in the neighbourhood had heard the details of the murder, or had evolved from his or her inner conBciousness details more striking and more elaborate than the aotnal facts of the ease. There was a general impression that Brandon JMountford was. the murderer, and had been caught red-handed before he could withdraw theknife from his victim's heart,,and there wen various and conflicting theories as to the motive of the murder. The most popular and ,tbe moat probable theory was that he had pursued her with dishonourable proposals, and ;£sdiog hitqself scorned by her had killed her in s sadden access of blind fury—an aot which be doubtless had repented as soon as the thing •was 4one.-' That "this quiet gentleman, who |hiul won everybody's good word, was. a conoealed lunatic, waa now the general idea; and iTom Dane, the stableman, was the first and ^principal witness. He described. the finding ! of the body, and how Brandon Mountford bad (been discovered kneeling beside the oorpse— ! bi* hands stained with blood, hienountenanoe ;pale acdaghated, his manner strange and uoobsraat • • •• i "Had be any weapon in his hand V asked I the Ooromer. | "No. His hands were empty."> ' "Did you think it strange that there should <be blood a(WD his hands?" asked Mr. Fangfoss, gthesolioitar. " Would itnoftseem to you natural ithat he should have touched the body-in order ]to find out tt' there was life left in it, he being •the first to tOitke the disoovery f i "I didn't think about jthat, sir. I only thought that Mr. MonntCord's • manner was <very strange. 7 j "Stranger tihan the occasion warranted?" ' " WoU, sir, 2 should hardly hare looked to see a gentleman like Mr. Mountford—a gentleman who has Jar.*velled and rougbed it among Bavages, I've beard say—struck all of a heap as be was when I found him—half like a mkn that had gone silly. I should have expected hfm to recover boa equerbrillium sooner than he did. Bat them's others, who saw him, and bey can speak for theirselvas." , ''What time was it when yon found the body 5n the wood f *"A little after 10—it might have been a \- quattm put. I beard the olock strike soon after ! left the stables." Hubert Urquhart was the next witness. • Asked if he had assisted in the search for 'the,missing girl he answered in the affirmative. The ssaroh had began immediately alter dinner, when it had been ascertained thfet neither Mies Arnold nor Mr. Moantford was in she home. Mr.. Mountford had been •Sen'going out to the gardens at 6 o'clock, and had - ttos bean seen by .any one in the house after tha* hour. "When was Miss Arnold last eeen?" "She wax with Miss Higgmson in the drawing-room at tea-time." " That would toe about 5 o'clock, I suppose?" euggerted theCoroner. " From IWf-past 4 to half-past 5." "Were jwrant tea with these young ladies yesterday?" .'•'.. ."No; I «ns by the river." ! -"What th.uadid yon go,bade to the house?" ." Atbalf-pari 7, or it may have been a SqtourWtttfS. 1 ?-^'' - - •- - " Isthat ycnir usual hoar for returning?" " I have no 1 particular hour. I have been governed by cilixnunstancea—the weather, the sport, my own inclination." "I take it ycwi went back to the house later than usual last ..night, Mr. Urquhart?" Baid Mr. Fangfoss. -.- • He was a keen -Vooking man, thin, fair, with smooth, aaady l)tur, and a countenance that was little more the n a profile.. He had a quiok, hard-like manaer.of turning his head to one side tfitbaii iQterregftti<i!eair, and nobodyhad «ver,boen able to soeprne his full faoe. - . Y*S, I was latst'than^generally am." "You generally -took tea with the ladies before half-past 5. Itthirikr " Sometimes—not generally ; but Z don't think you need oocuyj' the Coroner's time with thesetrivial details. . " Small details sometimes lead np to large facts. Tea want heme by the wood, I believe?" , ' " Yes : I went by tbt> shortest way from the riverto the house." "Did you hear nothing or aee nothing snosnal on your way?" "Nothing." " Did yon meet Miss Arnold ?** "No." " Nor Mr. Moantford ?" •'I met no one." "Were you alone?" "Yes." •"How was it the kt eper who usually •Mended qpon yon .was not with yon yester- "dayf'jj&etfBIr.; Fangfoss. V' • "Simply because. I dismissed nim early in the afternoon, 'having no farther need of his services." " Yon did not want hitu to carry your tackle?" "No: my tackle is kept ill a hut near the river. I had the keeper's boy with me at the river, to party home my fish.if I oaught any ;-.bnt as* I caugbt nonie -tihe boy wasn't, wanted." - " When did the boy go home? "At the same time I did, I euppose; but as his way was not my way I can't answer for the fact," "A&d; yon met no one—you saw nothing, heard nothing in the wood ?'' " I have answered thatquestioo already to Bus Honor." ••-*- I'-m-sure you-won't object to answering it over again to oblige me,"said Mr. Fangfoss, with his chirpy little ait, and an insinuating slant of his sleek, sandy head. w " J. ^o not .object, but I repeat that yon are 'wsebng tim& , heard nothing, I saw nothing bat the trunks of the firs and the pathway by which I walked. I met no one." This closed .Mr. Urquhart's evidence. The room was crowded and theday was warm, and -the witness looked heated and weary as he eat down. He gave a little start on glanoing across the room, for among tha spectators he saw the last person he expected to sue in that nam. Sibyl Higginson stood in the background, wedged among the crowd of villagers, and looking over the shoulder of tbe short, stout mistress of the inn where the inquest was being held. She was dressed in black, and wore a hat which shaded and almost concealed her face, bat Urquhart ooold eee that she was very pale. Why bad she oome there ? Her presence betrayed an intense interest in Mountford's fate. The man who found the knife in the wood testified to the fact of finding it. and that he knew it to be Moantford's property. " Mr. Mountford has no wish to dispute that fact, bnt he does not know bow long the knife may have been out of his possession,' said the lawyer. " It iB some time, perhaps a week, since he used it." "Oan be say that it has been missing during that time?" asked the Coroner. *' He is not clear upon that point, but he oan recall the last time of using it when he was in tbe boat." Tbe lawyer went on to argue that there was no evidence whatever against Brandon Mountford. He had been the first to discover that a murder had been committed, and he bad been found, dazed with natural horror at the deed, by tbe grooms who came to the spot with their lantern immediately after he made the discovery. To suppose that any man would be oalm and collected in suoh a crisis would be to suppose that man wanting in natural feeling. The young lady bad been known to him, and bad been hia companion in many pleasant hours. He had last seen her beautiful and happy, full of life and high spirits, and he found her lying alone in the darkness, foully murdered. Would any man be perfectly calm and selfpossessed and Able to give a very clear account of himself under such conditions? Yet because this man had shown signs of agitation and distress he had been hauled off to a village ookup, and treated like a convicted criminal. Mr. Fangfoss ventured to say that he had never heard of any more outrageous abuse of ignorant authority in the whole of his experience of tbe rural police. There was muoh reason and there was much vigour in Mr. Fangfoss's harangue, but the fact of Mountford's absence from tbe house during the same hours in'which Marie Arnold had been missing made an impression upon tbe Jury whiob no arguments of the lawyer could weaken. That he had been found on the soene of the murder with blood- ataine'l bands and blood-stained clothes was much; but that circnmstauoe, startling as it was, could be more easily explained than the faot of his disappearance during tbu very time at whioh Marie hod been missing, a disappearance which involved a complete departure from all bis habits, and a marked breaoh of domestic etiquette. That a guest who until yesterday had been onderiating in punctuality and politeness should keep everybody waiting dinner, and should offer no exonse for bis absence, implied a state of things in which passion had got the better of prudence and had overthrown all the laws of a gentleman's existence. The Coroner had dined at Ellerslie more than once during Mr. Mountford's visit, and he knew him as a person of courteous manners and perfect consideration for others. To the Coroner as well as to the Jury his conduct on tbe previous evening seemed inoompatible with innocenoe. Tbe verdict was wilful murder against Brandon Mountford. The enqniry before the Magistrate was to begin on the following day, and in the meantime Brandon Mountford was to remain in the lookup, with every probability of being committed for trial after tbe magisterial enquiry. Mr. Fangfoss asked if bail would be taken. The answer was a decisive negative. CHAPTER XI. BKCOUPASSE" with dabkxess. It was night, the tardy darkness of a May evening, and Brandon Mountford was sitting in the dismal old building by the sea, which had served as a prison-house for many generations of poachers, sheep-stealers, and smugglers; marauders and depredators on land and water; rioters and insubordinates of every kind; bad served as a prison-bouse in those bitter days when the criminal code was a law written in blood, and the full stop of every sentence was a hempen necklace. If the ghosts of all the men and women to whom those four bare walls had been the antechamber of the grave could have haunted the place, the air would have been thick the spirits of wietcbed creatures whose doom, looked at in the milder light of to-day, appears judicial murder. It was what the country people called an "unked" place. The crumbling plasteron the bare walls was blotched and blurred with straggling stains and patches of damp, and all along the lower part of the wails there had orept a dull, slimy moss, like green rust, whi'e the brick flooring was slippery with the same parasite growth. Cobwebs had thickened in every corner, and the Bpider had her fill of vagabond flies, whioh came in at the grating when the place was empty, for the iron-barred window vu left open day and night. The furniture consisted of a table and two ohaits, large, heavy, and clumsily made, but which perhaps from their age might have been precious in tbe estimation. of the collector. There was a wide old fireplace, with a grate half eaten away with rust, and whiob still contained the ashes of a fire bnrnt months ago. Dust and grime were upon everything, desolalstion and decay were in the very atmosphere of the place, an all-pervading odour of dirt and smokeandmildew. Desolationanddespairwere in the sounds that oame in at yonder rusty grating, the moaning of the barren sea, the shrill wail of the .rising wind. The oustodian of this dog-kennel had been civil, for after all Mr. Mountford was a gentleman, and, even if he were guilty and had to swing for it, he must have friends who would be likely to acknowledge any kindness shown him in his dark hour. With that conviction Goxon, the village oonetable, had provided oomfortable meals which the prisoner hardly tasted, had offered to light a fire, whioh the prisoner declined, and had brought a newspaper and a pair of candles when evening closed in, and had sent a lad to Ellerslie for a change of linen Mid a supply of tobacco. Brandon's pipe had been his only solace during those long barren spaoes of time before Mid after the inquest. He had not read a line of the provincial newspaper which had been brought for his entertainment. He had sat and stared at -the sky, and pondered gloomily —brooding upon the story of the past — recalling old impressions—but, most of all, recapitulating the history of the malady to which he was subject, as he had read it in the text books—a dismal and a harmful study to a man in his case. The image of the Bavarian peasant had been with him in his solitude, the man in whom the impulse towards murder was so strong a tendency that with eaoh fresh crisis of his malady the straggle with his own impulses had been fieroer and sterner, and with eaoh recovery there bad been In the patient's mind a wondering thankfulness at not having succumbed to that savage longing—at having got over the attaok without satisfying the fever-thirst for blood. Brandon Moantford pondered the story of this unhappy being; a man whose boyhood and youthhad been mild and inoffensive; in whose warped nature the hideous inclination towards evil had only oome with ripening manhood. He oompared the Bavarian's history with his own. Till yesterday his paroxysms had been of a mild and normal character; but yesterday he had felt the gloom of an overwhelming despair, a burden too heavy to be borne, until, as he sank deeper and deeper into that dark gulf of despondency, it had seemed as if all tbe powers of hell were let loose in his brain. A rage, mi apony, a revolt against Fate, had taken possession of him. girl who loved hfm sioin offered herself to him, and'whom he dared not take to the heart that yearned for her—dared not because of the curse that was laid upon him. He cried aloud in his anguish that the ourse was devilish, not-the chastisement of a just and merciful God, but the mocking torment of devils rejoioing in their power to make man's best gifts of no avail. To-night in the still monotony of his shabby He thought ol the • prison-house, where the fitful light of tbe smoky candles played fantastic tricks with the dark walls tains as the flame wavered with everv breath of wind from the sea, to-night he recalled the sufferings and sensations of yesterday evening, and bis memory grew olearer with every hour of meditation and solitude. All that he thought and felt before he fell headlong nnder the fir-trees was olearly recorded by memory, but the -period of unconsciousness which snooeedsd waa a blank. He might have been dead and in his grave for all he knew of tbose hours between the fall and the awakening. Anything might have happened to him, .anything might have been done by him ; but if that interval had not been inactive, if in that lapse of consciousness a new man had arisen within him and moved him to strange aotions, there was no trace in mind or memory of the things that he had done. Never before had he experienced such a lapse of consciousness. His former seizures had been brief. This St. with its appalling duration, was a new development of his dise&fce.;' The'murder seemed motiveless, savage, the aot of a maniac impelled by the unnatural lust of blood. Who else was there—whoso likely as the wretched epileptio—to do suoh a deed of horror? He remembered, shndderingly, that he had feltagrowingdislikeof Marie Arnold, resenting the way.in which.she had thrust beraelf between him and Sibyl, making all confidential talk impossible, and in some wise spoiling those delicious hours of innocent friendship. Yes, he knew that he had disliked Sibyl's adopted sister, and that yesterday, on discovering the clue to her conduct, he had felt only a contemptuous wonder at her folly, only a o&reless; scorn for a woman who could give her love unasked ; when, if she had eyes or reason, she must know that the man she loved was devotedly attaohed to another. He was startled from these gloomy thoughts by the sound of voioes outside his door. The key turned with a sorooping sound in the rusty look, tbe door opened, and a tall slim figure in black came towards him, hat and veil hiding the faoe in the dim light. But for Brandon Mountford there was only one face on earth, and he was quick to recognise her. "Sibyl, my Sibyl, how adorable of you. My dearest girl, how shall I thank you ?" He would have taken her in his arms, but she held herself away from hia eager embrace. She Uid her hand lightly on bis breast, holding him at a distance, looking him full in the faoe. " Brandon, I have come because I want to know the truth, to help you if I can. I -know that you are innooent. You never could have done that vile and oruel act—you of all men on earth. It is not possible." " One would hardly think so," he answered, with a curious slow smile that frightened her. " In my right senses I have no inclination towards murder I thought your friend a tiresome person when she hung upon our footsteps and never allowed us 6 ve minutes'quiet talk from he»rt to heart. I used to think that rather hard, Sibyl; but that is scarcely a reason why I should murder her. No, my beloved, in my right senses—when I know what I am doing—T should be utterly incapable of uuob a crime—as incapable as your father or you. But last night I was not in my right senses. A sullen rage against life and fate had seized me. I was in a fever of rebellion against th« very G-od who made me, and marked me with a stigma which set me apart from my fellow-nmn—gave mo a heart to love, a mind to revere all that is fairest and best in womankind, and then said to me, ' Thou ahalt take no woman to thy heart, thou shalt live and die alone.' My senoes grew dim in that red cloud of anger, and when I cams out of that blood- red dream there bad been a brutal, motiveless murder done within a few yards of the spot where I found mvaelf. Who knows, Sibyl ? Row can I dare affirm that I whs not the murderer? It was my own knife that did the deed." " But had you that knife about you, yesterday?" " I should say not. It is some days since I used it, but it may have been among the things in my room. I had been packing my fishingtaokle, and I had been absent-n inded and pre occupied all the morning. Tdid a good many etnpid things in tbecourxeof my packing— put things into the Dortmantesu and took them out again in a futile, muddle brained way. My mind was full of you, Sibvl, and our parting—the parting that might be for ever. I might have put that knifti in my pooket instead of putting it in the case with the tackle?" "Oh, you must not say these tbingc— you must not say that it was passible—you must not think of yourself as a possible murderer, fou cannot believe yourself capable of such a crime—you cannot, unless you ire utterly different from tbe man I 'jave thought you— unless there oan be two na 1 lures—two separate existences in one man," aigued Sibyl, despairingly. Only now, jrerhaps, in this dark hour had she realized the strength of her lore—now, when she made herself one with him—when bSb felt and suffered as if bis guilt—if he were guilty—was ber guilt, a burden laid upon her as much as upon him—or as :f this semblance of guilt—these accusing facts which enoircled him—webbed and enmeshed ber as well as him ; as if this black cloud of horror enoom passed her too, and she must struggle through his darkness to the light of truth. " Why do you say such things?" she pleaded^ agonized by his silence. "You must (know that you are innocent, that however tbe knife came to be there, near that poor murdered girl, you did not use it." "I know nothing—except that there was an interval of darkness, a blank pause in my existence, of which my memory tells me nothing. How can I tell that I may not have done this thing in all that interval, prompted and urged by devils. You know how the Tormentor—cast out of a human sufferer—drove the herd of swine headlong to their death. That may be taken to illustrate tbe epileptic tendency, the driving power of evil—the irre sistible impulse towards some act of blind violence—the rending and tearing of tbe fiend within, the devilish instinct to whioh murder or self-destruction becomes a necessity. " But you bave never felt this dreadful im pulse, you have read of such things, and the thought of them may have haunted you, but these horrors have never come within your own experience. When you were in the wilderness, away from civilization, almost beyond the reach of tbe law, were you ever wicked or cruel then, Brandon ? Did you ever kill one of your fellow-creatures?" She shuddered as she asked the question. " No, Sibyl. I never lifted my hand against my fellow- man. I was not a hard taskmaster. I never had any inclination to be cruel. Tbose who knew me in Africa can tell you that our black comrades loved me as if I had been their brother and their king. No; the impulse to slay was never upon me—but once—when I hod the fever, and thought in my delirium that I bad two heads, and that all the throbbing agony was in one, and if I could shoot that I should be out of pain. My chum bad as much as he could do to wrench the pistol from my hand before I could fire. Yet I only kiiaw this from the man who told me about it. I have no memory of my ravings or of my at tempted suicide. There sometimes are two natures, Sibyl, in the same man—the nature in calm and wellbsing—tbe nature in storm and madness. You are an angel of compassion and mercy, Sibyl. You oome into my solitude as a ray of light from Heaven, but you cannot help me, dear; and all you have to do henceforward is to forget that there was ever such a man." "I thall never forget, and I will never be lieve that you were a murderer, even in deli rium. It oould not be." "There lies the mystery, Sibyl, the mystery of what oan ur oannot be in suoh a case as mine. Yon must leave me to my fate, my beloved, gallows or madhouse, or acquittal and liberty. Whatever may happen you bave only to forget me. There is a curse upon my life which no woman's loving heart shall share. The nobler the better, the truer the woman so much the less would I link my life with hers. It was angelic of you to come here ; and you must come and go as an angel, leaving no trace of your footsteps, only peace and consolation in my heart." He knelt down to kiss her hands in a fond idola ry, and, then becoming all at once calm and practical he questioned her as to her coming. " I walked here. I had my maid with me. She is waiting at the inn. Coxon was very good. They all know me about ,here, and would do anything for me. . Not for my own sake, buS because I am my father's daughter. They all love and honour him." "He is a good man, and deserves-to be loved. How does hB take this trouble, Sibyl —this inexplicable horror?" " He feels it terribly. I have hardly seen him since last night. He. has been in his own room all day with the door locked. I begged and prayed him to let me in to share his grief with me, but he would not even open bis door to answer .me. He told me, almost roughly, to go away and leave him to his sorrow. He was so fond of her—fonder of her even tban I was, and yet God knows I loved her dearly, and that if I conld for one instant believe that you killed her I could not bear to Bee you or be near you. I might pity you, but your presence would be a horror to me. But I know that you had nothing to do with her death." " Help me to find her murderer, then. That is the only thing you oan do for me, SibyL Find the motive and the murderer if you oan. Yon know Marie Arnold's history, her friends and enemies." "She had no enemy. She was a kind, warm-hearted girl, and had never offended or injured any one." " She may bave had some rejected lover. There is not .-much difference between a jealous lover and a madman. She may have been murdered in a paroxysm of despairing love." "Tbe only offer she ever rejected was from Mr. Tweedie, the curate, and. one could not suspect him of madness and despair. Poor matter-of-fact young man! He would not hurt a worm." " One never knows the men who are capable of a destroying passion. But how did her murderer come by my clasp knife ?" " He may have stolen it in order to fix you with the crime." "Not that kind of murderer. Passion is reckless and sudden in all its acts—nob deliberate and designing." The creaking door opened again, and Goxon ushered in another visitor. '* Mr. Urquhart to see you, sir." "Sibyl!" exclaimed Urquhart. " What in heaven's name has brought you here?" " My anxiety for a friend falsely aocused of a dreadful crime. I am glad you are here, for that shows you sympathies -with Mr. Mountford in his oruel position, and perhaps you oan help me to save him." "lam afraid it would need an angel from Heaven to do that," answered Urqubart. Nothing less than supernatural intervention seems likely to bB of anv use here. We want tbe angel who liberated Peter. With him and a fast cutter in the offing below we might do do something." His cynical sir, his scornful use of an example which to ber .was sacred, chilled and revolted Sibyl.. Yet she welcomed his presence as that of some one who might be helpful to Brandon Moantford. " You mean that he ought to try to escape—to run away, as if he were guilty ?" she asked. " Ye.>, if he is not in a position to prove his innocence; and upon my word I don't eee how be is to do it. Facts are uncommonly Btrocg. The fact that you were missing at an unusual hour, for instance, Mountford—that you were found—as you were found" he hesitated at this point as if even for bis hard nature there was agony in the thought of Marie Arnold's death—"and the fact of your knife being the weapon used'—your knife —stained to the hilt with her heart's blood." The words choked him. He stopped suddenly. Then with a irown and a shrug went on— "It's a ghastly business, Mountford. You must see for yourself how black it looks." " I see that as plainly as you, but I am not going to run away." "Ain't you? Remember after to-night, unless to-morrow's enquiry should be adjourned, you mayn't have a chance of escape. From this place, with the people about here, you may get away as easily as Bazaine got away from St. Marguerite ; but if the enquiry endB in your committal, and you are transferred to Carliele, it will be all over with you and you must stand the racket." "I rcean to stand the racket. If I am guilty let me suffer. If I am innocent—well, I suppose Providence will watch my cose, and the real fncts of the murder will come to light somehow." Urqubart stared at him in blank amazement. " You talk of yourself as if you were not sure of yourself—an it you might have murdered her, he exclaimed." " I am not eure of my self or of what happened during my lapse of consciousness any more than an habitual eleep-walker can be sure that no strange thing has happened during his sleep. The fact that he can re- CQGmber nothing is no proof that nothing has happened." "No.no, [ understand. Ycu are right in that,'' said Urquhart, evidently impressed, " and this murder was so motiveless, bo unnecessary : a girl whom no one could have hated, young, beautiful. hy (should any one murder her? It is a terrible case—terrible, for if vou should be pardoned on the pround of lunacy that would mean a life-long imprisonment. At Her Majesty's pleasure ! Think what those words mean. A life, Mountfcrd, a life! There are men pining in madhouses to-day who were shut up when the Queen was a young woman, when everything in thi« world was different from what it is to day. Men who have never seen the world we live in ; who would not recognise the cities they oncB knew or the places in which their boyhood wae spent. Men whose lives have rotted away within the walls of Hanwell or Colney Hatch. " " But if he is innocent, as I feel and know that he is, flight would be madness. It would lie to stamp himself guilty." " My dear Sibyl, that is a girl's heroic way of looking at thing'.. I, as poor Mountford's friend, tr.ko a more pro=aio view. All the chunoep ar<? against him if he stays to stand hie trial. Nobody con doubt that he will be committed for trial. On that point there can be no qost.ion. Between to night and tomorrow morninu there is the possibility of gettinpr him away. It is only a possibility, mark you, and it will require, sharp action un the part of liis friends—you and me, for instance—and a lavish use of money ; but it may be done. After to morrow it may be impossible. It will be impossible if the enqu'ry finishes to-morrow. " You hear what he says, Brandon ?" said .Sibyl, appeilingly, the tears streaming flown her pallid r : '"^'xe, her hands clasping Bran- don's arm as he stood motionless, seemingly unmoved by Urquhart's urgency. "Yes, I hear him, but I will take my chanoe." '' No, no, you must escape. Think what the danger is—death or a long-life misery. Brandon, be rational for my sake." He looked down at her with a emile whioh transfigured him. " My angel, my divinity, for your sake ! What would I not do for your sake ? But, dear love, between you and me there is a great gulf fixed. What does it matter where I live or how I die? I must live or die apart from you." '' Brandon, for my sake ! Don't think about tbe future. Providence may be kinder to us than you think if we are true to each other. We will get you away from this place, out of England, if you will only be governed by us. We can do it, Mr. Urqubart. The people here will do anything for me" " And for hard cash?" interjected Urquhart. " All you have to do is to let us act for vou. Everything must be done in a few hours. You won't refuse to make the attempt, Brandon, for my sake, for my sake." She urged that one argument whicha woman thinks infallible when she loves and knows herself beloved. "Is there no risk for her in the attempt?" Brandon asked, turning Urquhart. " Not the slightest. Sir Joseph is a king in this place, and can do no wrong; and bis daughter shares his immunity. The people will be blind, deaf, dumb, if she asks them and pays tbem." " Sibyl, you shall be the ruler of my life. If you wish me to make my esoape—although m the very attempt I stand self-condemned" " No, no. it will only give you time. Who knows if some new evidence may not be found when you are far away. The murderer may confess. Some clue may be discovered, some link in the chain of circumstances which np one can foresee or imagine now. Only be guided by us, Brandon, and ell will go well." She spoke with confidence. Her look was full of hope as she clasped his hand at parting. "Comealong," said Urquhart, "there's no time to lose." 