GHOSTLY iJATfilTWAKER. Ig-INDLY allow mo to . uiuroducs lux-sen. Of course, you will imagine that the ""somewhat commonplace person who calls ; himself the author of this story is addressing you. Nothing of the sort. I have rented him for the occasion, although I am sensible he makes but a poor vemcie lor trie truus- 'mission of ghostly thoughts and ideas. Still, as it was necessary to materialise myself for tliis occasion, and he happened to be to let, I closed with him at once, on the condition that he should have a vacation in space until midnight. This arrangement will enable me to briefly tell you how I, a disembodied ghost— not that I ever beard of any other kind of ghost ' — am speaking to you with the voice of a living man — at least lie thinks himself a man." I want to tell how I visited Aunt matilda and had it out with her. I admit that the proceeding was ruile, but I really couhhrt help myself. Any ghost with a shadow of shadowy self- respect would have treated her in the same way. Only last night I was off duly in Shadow-, laud. Something had disagreed with me. My hones ached ; they weren't properly articulated — I believe that is the correct term. One also suffers from rheumatism in < i to-Hand, not to any great extent, but just sufficiently so to be unpleasant. ' Kindly put out your tongue," said mv professional adviser, still sticking to wordly phraseology from sheer force of habit. I hadn't a tongue, so 1 couldn't. " My dear Billies, " he said (my name is Billies), as he dug me in the ribs until they rattled, " my dear Billies," what we want is _ _ of scene, r -We're dccideilIy:low' — "" - n ing for something. "We've been licrc twenty years without, a holiday and it's growing monotonous. We must have a night off. We want tone — bracing up — we want to think of something unpleasant . which will instantly dissipate the placidity of Ghostland. Someone wlto used to quarrel with us in the old days when wc were alive. Think, we must think, of some one down there." ".No : can't think of anyone down there." I said, after a moment of shadowy reflec tion: "it's along lime ago." " Think," my doctor repeated, as he felt for an imaginary watch, and rammed it into a non-existent pocket. " Someone who used to disagree with you very much. Didn't you — eh — ever marry down there?" Then I remembered Matilda. A shudder ran down 1113' spine. " No — no," I said ; " very, nearly, bun she wriggled out of it." " Is she — ell — still down there ?" he asked, in his old professional tones. "We want a tonic, my dear Biflles — we want tone — we want rousing — forcibly rousing — we — we insist look lier up if she hasn't married. She'll rouse us. Who was she?" ".Matilda," I said sorrowfully, fori didn't want ;obe roused (I remember Matilda's methods of rousing me in the past). She was very pretty then, but had a — a temper enough to make 3'our bones rattle. "Ah, yes; just the very thing, the ver3' thing for us," lie murmured. "Bo down and call there to-night. Ton will be thank ful enough to get back again, but it will, doubtless, make a little change for you." Somehow I had forgotten alt about Matilda. She had been one of the dreams I had failed to grasp when I was alive. We were psychical affinities once. How pretty siie was then ! Golden hair, too, and blue eyes, and a voice like the soft music of the wind among the pine tops when — when she wasn't angry ; but when she was angry it became like the roaring of a gale at sea. Ah, that temper ! She said she would never marry a mail who smoked, unless he did it in a greenhouse where it would keep off the flies. And so we had parted. She said that J seemed to think that matrimony was all smoke; and that smoke in drawing-room curtains was a thing no woman would put up with. .So we agreed to disagree. I caught the ten o'clock Phantom Special, and reached London in forty- five seconds. The guard landed me in Matilda's drawing- room. In another second I found 1113'self confronting two psychical affinities. Jusi- imagine yourself transferred from the chill, shadowy depths of Ghostland to a woii'i of warmth and light and love. The lire burned brightly- ; a eat purred 011 the heart h. The room was gay and cosy, the air sweet with the fragrance of Mowers. Not the- scent of cold, dead blossoms, but living incense which floated around what had mice been my heart, as I raised my hands in mute benedict-inn over his black curls and her golden hair. I- gathered from their conversation that the gulden-haired girl was Matilda's niece. He was called Dick, and Iter name was 3'hnily. I further gathered that she was dependent 011 Matilda, who ruled her with the'rod .of iron wherewith she had ruled me in 1 he. days of old, when I was expected either nor, to smoke or to do so without spoiling the curtains. Matilda, it appeared, had resolved never to consent to Hick and Emilys marriage, which .was just what might have been expected from Matilda. Ma tibia had gone lo bed with collnn wool in her ears and a cold in her nose. And poor Hick had crept down the area, and cook had let liini in to spend a-few minutes with the beloved one, just to renew their vows and comfort each other. He was full of hope. The world was bard, he said, but love was stronger than the' world or even - death itself, and lie would conquer the world, and: they : would live happily ever after in; a suburban villa, without being afraid of even a tax collector. . Then lie somewhat sorrowfully, for all his brave words,- went away, - and Emily, licr face buried in the sofa, prayed for something to soften' that portion of Matildas anatomy which she called a heart. I felt' a' phantom tear steal down where my nose' should' have been. Then I laid my flesh-hand 011 Emily's shoulder and pressed a shadowy kiss upon her fair while forehead. "Don't- be afraid, my dear," 1 said, softly. " I'll, tackle Matilda : she can't hurt me— now and I was i - before Emily could give more than a stun ic« little scream and hide her face in the sofa cushion. I suppose it was rather a rude thing, to enter, a lady's room at that hour, especially as I -hadn't been invited to do so, and did'nt even knock. But 1 was very nngiy with Matilda. She had made me miserable on earth- for twenty years, and now she was carrying on the same sort of thing with these young people.' I perched 011 the rail at the foot of the bed, and tried to prevent mv teeth from chattering. . Matilda sat up in bed with the wool in her ears and a stacking tied round her head. As a preliminary proceeding' I blew out the wool. Y.lb is a favourite trick of you mortals to stuff-things in your cars and 110b listen. A' fire ."burnt , cheerfully in .the grate. (Matilda "'alwhys could take cafe of herself.) On lief 'little "round ; 'table' stood a bottle labelled "' The mixture. To be taken as before:" It smelt (in spite of, disguising peppermint) like some I had. tasted: — sonic- thing" with" .'an ..aroma — at "bachelor parties wlieil';I;was;'alive. I reached' over,- and, forgetting 1 my-' physical limitations, drank . some. , Ye?, I was" right; it was much stronger' than peppermint. . It. ran down over' the 'bed,.' but, ' fortunately for me, Matilda, failed t o notice it. _ As' 1 scurried back to the bed rail, Matilda saw. me and groaned. . . (Matilda was .always rude.) She. appeared ..to be terribly frightened. "It's only me Matty,' J said' thinking the endearing-, diminutive " Matt.y-."-might soothe. her.; "Its outy.me. I've 311st dropped 111 for a quiet chat— from up there. " Alatilda's wrinkled : and ill-lempei eu old face tinned white.. She... tried .. to hide it in the' clolhcs,1 but I wouldn't let ' her. . " I'm— I'm afraid it is rather Matty;"! said. - " But Pin here on busi ness, land ib won t.. keep. It's 110 use screaming- for anyone.-.-- Theycaiflt turn me sut." , Matilda recovered. (That woman always had plenty., " It's yyu, wit ? " I she said, as U she didn't- think much of me. "1 — I fancied y«m had gone to a place where 1 they couldn't give up smoking." i.nisb like Matty, Always ungenerous; always unforgiving... . It made me. feel alive | again just to hear lier shrewish tones. She ' evidently wasn't a bit afraid, of mo now. That made the whole scene seem natural at once. .' . " Just explain what 3-011 mean by coming- 11 at tliis hour. If -you'd been alive- you would nob have dared. I'd have scratched your C3'es out." ' " True enough," I said, meditativel3'. " I should have been frightened. Time hasn't softened 3'ou much, Maltj-." " No,? she said, " I'm as tough as old red sandstone. If you don't go away I'll throw things at you. What do >-ou want ? " " Only one thing," I said. " You're VCT-3- comfortable here, Malty. How do 3-011 do ib ? Two and three-quarter per' cent. Goschens ?" " Never you mind," she snapped. " You left me the money." " Yes," I said, thoughtfully nursing my left leg and balancing myself in an airy attitude 011 the rail, just to let her see that I wasn't frightened. " Yes, I did. That's what I've come about." "Well, you can't have it," she replied. " You'd better be off. if you come again I'll prosecute you. You never did have _any sense of propriety when .you were alive." "Alwa3's hasty, Matty. All, me;: what an escape I had." She sat up in bed angrily, " If 3-011 dou't go I'll have 3'ou turned out." " If you're not quiet I'll compromise you, Matty," I said. "You rigid Wesleyans don't like a scandal, and I'll materialise myself. How do you like that?" " If you take the same shape you once had," she replied, " I shouldn't, MHke .jfc ... at alt.; What (I 'you want -" 1 : " Only one thing— charming turban you're wearing, Matt3'. There was always some thing Oriental in'youi style of beauty. ' Oh, 3'es ; it was just a trifle 1 wanted." "What is it?" " You must make over yourSJ per cent. Goschens to your niece and consent to her marriage with Dick, or "- — — I paused significantly. "Or what?" she enquired. "Well, 3'ou see — but I'd . rather not explain." "You must." " Oh, very well, if 3-011 insist I suppose I'll have to. You know where 3-011 hinted I came from ?" She nodded until her turban came off. "Well, I don't want to seem unkind, Mall3',. but unless 3-011 do as I wish about that little matter 3'ou'll have to go back with me." She shrieked. Then she' reflected. " I could make it very uncomfortable 'for you there, I suppose?" " Perhaps, bub pin willing lo give up im personal comfort for the sake of those young- people." " You alwa3'S were a fool," she sneered. (Her rudeness was quite refreshing. I felt ever so much better.) "You always were a fool. But I'll do it, if only to get rid of 3'ou." " It's a promise ?" I asked. "Of course ; I never break my word;" " No ; 3'ou'd rather break someone's else's heart. Then ' we may consider this little matter arranged?" I slid on to the counterpane and laid an icy hand upon her heart. " Yes — 3'es," she gasperl. " D — don't do that again ; you'll make, my 'cold worse. Only go and I'll swear lo do it." " No, 3'onr promise is sufficient," and I turned to go. "That's all. Good-night." "Good-night! shesnapped, "I'll settle all that, to-morrow." "You— 3'ou wouldn't like to shake hands?" I suggested timidly (I always was afraid of her)." "Shake hands before we part. I mightn't get a night off for another twenty 3'ears. We —we've had 11 very enjoy able telc-a- icle. Quite like old times." She held out a hand almost as cold as my own. Then she began to cry. People do cry after taking too much peppermint. " What's the matter, Matilda ?" 1 asked, in astonishment. "I really did love 3-011," she sobbed. " I — Ishould like to kiss 3-011 just once." 1 started back in terror. " Keally, Matilda, I have a repuation to maintain. This is alittle too much. I'm only an unpro tected ghost. You shouldn't, you know, reall>-," and J sped from the room. "I wonder if that sweet girl will ever know," I thought to myself, as I entered Emily's room. Enfolded in her golden hair, she by sleep ing, a smile upon her lovely lips. Her white eyelids were closed over her beauti ful e3es : one little while hand lay on the coverlet. I fell on 1113- ghost-ty knees, and the warmth and life of the gill's sweet nature stole into me as I lifted her hand to 1113- phantom lips and then faded noiselessly- away into the Kingdom of Dreams and .Shadows, back to the quiet, drowsy haunts of my fellow-spirits, there to linger, lliotigh longing to take my place again in all the fit ful fever and tiie strife which men call life.— Exdi'.iM'ic. A NOBLE ACT. There was an old negro floating in a skill' on the head waters of the Licking. He was fishing — fish mighty line down that way. He had a boy in tlie host with him who kept looking into the water until he lost his balance and disappeared in the water. Quicker than I could tell you the old man had his coat- off and dove for the boy. He brought him up all right, and I hen rowed for the bank. When they got out, dripping, of course, a white man, who had seen the whole business, complimented the" old man on his heroic act. "He must be a son of yours ?" said the while mau. . ; " No ; no, sail ; no son of mine." " Nephew, then ? " "No, sali. " "Cousin?? "No; 110 cousin." . "Then you deserve all the more. credit for saving his life." . "Well, I doan' know 'bout dat-,:- boss; You see he had all.de bait in his pocket."- AND L1NDLKY MURRAY WEPT. ? To a Park-row waiter belongs the proud distinction of uttering what is probably the most ungraminat-ical sentence ever -evolved from the brain of illiterate man. Saturday afternoon an -. old man took his seat at Hie table, and gave his usual order to a new and rather case-hardened plate-, losser. . Waiter," lie replied; as the 'dishes were slammed down before liirii, " this beef isn'c sufficiently, underdone." i.; '" Willi a smile of contempt, the servitor, bore the viands back to the kitchen window and returned a moment later without having changed tliem. . ; : "Say old gent," lie hissed through his clinched teeth, " we ain't got no beef what's no underdoner !" : , ' V - ' r. SOME " DON'TS " EOR GIRLS?.' " Don't believe implicitly everything lie tells 3-ou when he is wooing you.. T ;: Y cv Don't let him win . your love too easily,; men clo'hot like that j' they, would rather have a little trouble togam you. . Don t-worry the life out of Imn by asking him Why do 3'ou love me?" He does not always have an answer for you. \- Don't bother him too much about your hats and gowns ; a man likes to think you dressto please him; but he has other. things to talk about. Don't ignore the fact when he wears a new necktie ; if a man has a tender spot of vanity it is generally' Ins tie.- : I11 a small town 111 Lancashire a minister, closed his sermon the .other day with these words : " We would he pleased, moreover, to have the y-oung man who is standing, outside the door come 111 and make certain whether she is here or not. That would be a great deal better than opening the door half an inch and exposing the jie-jpl? ill tho lst row #f seals lo a draught,". 