NOVEL. A Pacific Encounter BY MARY E. STICKNEY. CHAPTER V. (continued.) 'That is all well enough as far as it goes; but one would sometimes like a little justice from other people. I snap my gfingers and say I don't care what the world says of me, but of a sudden something fetches me up short with the consciousness that I do care horribly. Now, for instance, I cannot help knowing that you are prejudiced against me from the talk you have heard ; and I don't like it.' 'Oh, no,' she hurriedly protested, 'Oh yes,' he retorted, with a sort of sad playfulness. 'And it comes hard, Miss Malcolm, for I don't mind admitting that I am awfully anxious to have you think well of me,' with that daring glance of tender appeal that had stirred many a gentle heart to quicker beating. 'But one thing I ask' bending toward her persuasively: 'give me time. Wait until you really know me, and then judge me for yourself. You can know me, if you will, better than any of them: won't you? and, until you do, will you not take me a little bit on trust? Will you not be as kind to me as you can until you underatand me well enough to do me justice?' 'I have not thought of being unkind,' murmured Betty, evasively, plaiting her handkerchief in a pretty confusion. 'Not to be unkind: that is a mere nega- tive concession; and I want so much!' he swiftly retorted, with a sort of repeated vehemence. 'But everything seems against me! Even if you are disposed to be sweet and kind yourself - as I almost think you are - I cannot help knowing that Rupert stands ready to say what he can to turn you against me. And I had supposed that he was rather a friend of mine, too,' with a fine show of sorrow, but now, someway, I know that he has gone over to the majority! Of course I can guess now what has caused the sudden change' He added, after a moment's pause, flashing a glance of bold meaning into the brown eyes inquiringly uplifted: 'in a way, I don't blame him,' his voice dropping to a softer key as he daringly added 'to tell the truth, I am a bit jealous of him'! 'But this is all nonsense!' the girl hastily protested, blushing rosily. 'Mr. Rupert has never said a word in disparagement of you.' 'Has he not?'showing his even white teeth in his fine frank smile now touched with appealing sadness, There - was a sort of seruphie sweetness about that smile of Dick Hazelton's, a look of evangelical purity in his meek blue eyes, when he chose to assume the expression, that might deceive the very select. 'But, if he should, will you promise to believe that I am not quite so black as I am painted?' 'Oh; yes,' with a light laugh. 'I will believe it is a regular case of painting the lily, if you like.' 'Well, I don't exactly pose as a lily,' laughing himself, but I want you to think well of me.' 'And it appears to be quite out of the question that I should not think about you at all,' with a saucy smile. 'Quite,' very decidedly. 'I intend to thrust myself upon your attention to such an extent that you will be forced to think of me whether you like or not. - I would rather be hated than ignored. But, 'with a smile of tender confidence, 'I shall not let you hate me.' 'Are you so sure? lifting her eyebrows mockingly. 'Sure? no,' with a sudden gloom that sat upon his pale blond beauty as becomingly as his moods of sunshine. 'I am only sure of one thing; add that is - shall I tell you bending his handsome head until his mous tache almost grazed her cheek, a blue fire of passion in his eyes. 'And I am only sure of one thing; and that is that I am as hungry as a shark,' with a laugh of gay insouciance ignoring the question. 'Is it not almost time for lunch?' 'Ten minutes of it' reluctantly, looking at his watch. 'Must you go back to Ru- pert?' dissuasively, as she started up mur muring something to that effect. They had been sitting on the little divan that ran along the stern side of Social Hall, which, for a wonder in that crowded ship, they had had quite to themselves. 'Why won't you wait until he comes to look you up?' ' Because,' with a laugh, 'I have a pre- monition that he would never come.' 'Then, in heaven's name, let him stay away! with languid contempt. 'Why need we bother about him?' 'Why, you need not, most certainly,' a gleam of wickedness in the laughing depts of her eyes; 'but if I happen to like it ' 'Oh, if you like it - of course. Rien no va plus !' rather sulkily, rising and offering his arm. ' I said that I was jealous,' he added softly in her averted ear, as they passed out of the door; but Betty affected not to hear. CHAPTER VI. Warned by his experience at Pania Arenas, Rupert had made it a point to speak of their going ashore at the next port as a matter of course, and when Betty smilingly reminded him of his hasty admission that he never set foot in those places where he could possibly help it, protesting that he must not sacrifice himself on her account, he had even the grace to lie valiantly, declaring that at La Liberto he had business to call him ashore. A strong breeze was driving the clouds, like a flock of clean-washed sheep, across the pale-blue field of the sky, and the ship was rolling on a long, heavy swell, as she came to anchor in the open roadstead of the little port. Tha accommodation ladder was not lowered from the ship's side at all. The trio of disconsolate passengers who came out from the shore, a couple of tawny, scantily-clothed women, and a man of the ideal brigand type sheltering under the folds of a striped serape, were ignominiously hustled on board along with the freight that came with them in the great lurching lighter; and the few who listlessly loitered about the decks, as they looked across the surging waters at the little huddle of build- ings dwarfed to puny insignificance against the grand background of shadowy blues and pinks and grays clothing the rugged heights, of old San Vincent San Miguel, evinced no smallest desire to tread the soil of Salvador. Small-craft, fair-weather idlers, cared not to venture forth in such a sea, and the ship was left alone save for that one lighter, whose crew was performing miracles in the trans- fer, of its quota of freight, while another sturdy consort could be seen approaching, laden to the gunwale with plump little sacks of coffee. As if in mad joy to find them- selves free of the swarm of small craft that on some days speckled the bright surface like a swarm of gad flies, the great waves plunged heavily shoreward climbing one another's shoulders, lashing each other on to crazier effort, as if they would raze the poor little place from of the earth, roaring in sullen rage as they beat their strength upon the shifting sand, but to be drawn help- lessly back again by the mighty power that swayed them. Betty, who had resigned herself to staying on board as a matter of course, was all the more surprised and delighted when Rupert came to tell her that they still might go. She was full of girlish delight in novelty, with an eager curiosity to see all that the hour might be holding out to her ; and moreover the unaccustomed rolling had contributed to a growing discomfort that made the prospects of feeling solid earth beneath her feet seem of all things the most to be desired. 'I'am afraid that you will find it a little rough,' Rupert observed deprecatingly, as he led the way below. 'If it had been smooth we might have had the captain's gig.' 'Oh, I don't mind that in the least,' Betty stoutly declared. But she was to discover that she did mind it when she had finally come to the open freight-port through which they must go, and surveyed the rude waves thrusting their might between the ship and that lighter bobbing alongside. As the two had for an instant bumped greeting, Rupert had quickly jumped, landing ignominously on all-fours on the uneven footing of bales and boxes in the lighter; and now he stood holding up his arms to catch her when her opportunity should come. But Betty hung back, limp and helpless, in nervous terror whimpering a protest which wind and waves united to snatch from the ears for which it was meant. But the hands of the sturdy first officer fell upon her with business-like im- parturbability. What to him was a pretty girl with her nervous whims save one more passenger sent by an inserutable Providence tomake more trouble for the officers of the Pacific Mail Steam Ship Company? He caught Betty up and tossed her down to the waiting arms alongside as lightly as if she had been a sack of coffee ; and he would have been glad if he could as easily have disposed of all the womankind on board. 'It is only the first step that costs, All the rest is plain sailing, you see,' said Rupert, cheerily, trying to make her comfortable in the stern of the rough craft. 'Oh, yes,' with an uncertain, white-lipped smile, casting apprehensive glance around. 'Only, you know-----' 'You agree with Emerson, perhaps, that the sea-taste is acquired, like that for to- matoes and olives; and your taste is not cultivated in that direction up to the point of appreciating life on the ocean wave in a craft like this,' he comfortably observed. 'Have you noticed this boat, by the way? - that it is carved out of one enormous log, all in one piece? It is like a sort of Brobdingungian banana skin. 'Yes,' murmured Betty, vaguely, grown very white. She had imagined the sea rough from the decks of the Southern Cross, but now she felt that she had really known no- thing about it until this. Everything that was within her small sickened body seemed sinking down, down, a nausea- -unutterable creeping after, as the great clumsy boat went wriggling down the mountain of waters, as if it would neve4r stop short of the bottom of the sea, but to fetch up short with a jerk that was a fresh grievance, ere it started to climb the-next- glittering-hill, whose sullen height the scantily-clothed boatmen were imperturbably attacking with their prepost- erous paddles. But one obliging passenger kept them company, a young Englishman, his beefy and otherwise good- humored face dis- torted with a morose scowl due to the effort to keep his glass properly fixed on one eye, Beyond a mumbled drawl to the effect that it was 'rather rough,' this young man had nothing to say, appearing absorbed in re- garding with a ruminating stare this strange young woman who was composedly facing the world unattended by eithor chaperon or maid. Betty, sitting with white, compressed lips, felt that if she must be reduced to the last humiliating; abandon of sea-sickness under the buttery of that round unwinking gaze, she must simply pray for death. 'One gets a new idea of the courage of those Spanish pirates who first explored the coast, with the sea like this - don't you think? queried Rupert, with laughing eyes, after a comprehensive glance at Betty, quietly returning his unlighted cigar to its case, and the case to his pocket. His theories as to sea-sickness rather foreshadowed the mind-cure doctrines of a later date ; and he was bent on diverting her attention from her- self. 'One old fellow, Andreas de Nino was his name, I always like to read about,' he went on ; ' he worshipped God and Mammen with such naive simplicity and high-handed success. He had a little way of landing here and there and sending word to the native chiefs that unless they and all their people at once embraced the faith of Jesus Christ and handed over their idols,— which happened to be made of the purest native gold, you under- stand, — incidentally, as it were owning allegiance to the King of Spain, they should be attacked and forth with wiped from off the face of earth. With that persuasive manner of his, his missionary success was simply prodigious, his baptisms footing up to, thou- sands a day upon occasion. One is rather filled with ungodly wonder as to how he managed it,— if he was compelled to round them up and drive them all into the sea in a bunch. However, he was a man of large re- , sources, and the good work went on some- how ; while at the same time you comprehend, he was laying up for himself treasure upon earth, in a miscellaneous lot of golden bric- a-brac, which must have been eminently gratifying to his righteous soul.' 'Yes,' without exhibiting remotest interes- in the missionary labors of Andreas de Nino. But Rupert was not to be discouraged. 'One rather wishes, reading the adventures of the pious old fraud, that a nice lively earthquake might have been moved to get in its work just when he happened along at some of these places where they make a specialty of earthquakes,' he cheerfully ob- served. 'Are you sure that they are not getting up one for us?' something like whimsical amuse- ment upon her face as her eyes dizzily ranged over the land ahead. 'The place looks to me horribly unsteady, 'don't you know. It re- minds me of that verss of the Psalms : 'What aileth thee, 0 thou sea, that thou fladdest - yon mountains, that ye shipped like rams, and ye little hills like lambs. Rupert laughed boyishly pleased at having induced her to talk. 'How well you - said it!', he exclaimed, with smiling approval. 'Did your father promise you a gun if-you would read the Bible through?' 'Mercy ! no! What a question' con- siderably surprised. 'Well, my father did; but,' heaving a large sigh, 'I never got the gun.' ' I might be sure of it,' with something like the ghost of her every-day laugh, where - at Rupert beamed, delighted; Betty was forgetting to be sea-sick. But on and on, climbing, pushing, beating its way ever forward somehow, the sturdy craft had crawled shoreward, until, safely it was alongside the great iron pier. But here was a fresh shock of surprise for unhappy Betty as her dizzy eyes were raised to see the strange vehicle that came rattling down to receive them;- from what seemed an ap- palling distance. It seemed to be simply four wooden arm-chairs fastened back to back, in pairs, the smooth seats appearing as if especially calculated to spill unwary pas- sangers into the yawning depths below at the smallest untoward movement. There had been nothing in the landing at Punta Arenas to prepare her for this. \- . ? Oh( what on earth possessed mo to como !' oho iniporably |jroaccd, tUiwng iip.to Rupert j» ^hitfl appealing » facbiiiti rh'oi lif UidVoi2 into ono of tho swbying scats and placed himself beside hor. ? Don't bo frightened, ohild,' laying his hand over hers with a closo roassnring ?pressure that sutprisoCl hor into Bilonco. ' It ! is not half so baa as being hung, yoa bob,' as thoy went swaying upward until, with a somewhat startling jerk? thoy wero? drawn* upon tho pier. ' f\ .('sr g *;?' ~-f 'ff'l''-.. ' Thnntc heavori, |t Jisi; D^eril' ^orloa s tho hcr~fkirttr- ti- liftle'' ohaio.-and' lecli^j'iover hlif and hair with swift femimno pats, aa to .asauro horoelf that sha was sou olothed imd in her right mmd. ' And, thank heaven, wo aro olear of that crijxrS of peoplo for a whilo!' with no less fervor, glancing baok at tho ship with a grin almost vindictivo. In hin -.numl'u oyj-. lio could soo Did; Haseltoii 'discpnBolately le'ahiig'ovot tho ship's side, iaciourifig with baffled glances tho etretoh- o£- wiitohj .thcUiiid tpau^put botiveon him and Botty Muloolm ; and ; tho thought waB unotion to Rupert's sool. In tho complex mystery of man's naturo thoro is H, cubtlo unreasoning ,-foreo that inatinctively;; tUrno^him more, br ; lc33i againDt his'fell'owo'in're^ebf to tho woman wbo may havo touohed his own heart, if but ovor co littlo. Rupert, who hcd.^ jm-. | peuod to aanumo tno detonsive againcr Diok Hazelton from a conso of duty towards hia chargo, had como to-flnda f,ort of savago.joy iu ,itio fcpntcot.'for-its.-own.Eako, cs man And, at tho samo timo, his feeling towardo, Betty, horsolfi had-boon .in sonBibly ohanging iu tho jealous senso of ]}:u':on that, in tho heat of the Btrifo, had ' Homchow seized upon him. 'But to tMnk that in a- littlo whilo wo will havo to go baok ! — havo that dreadful trip oyer .again ! , ;Do you ; know, 'I can '.feel tho motion- of that horrible boat yet ?' with a tremulous Bmilo. ' Tho (ground is all rolling under my foot; and if I oloso my oyos I can fool that ay,-fuL wobbling,— that horribJo oinldng,-\\-aa if iho' UncT-wor(- ;till (16 ?- unreal as a drearJi* 1 - - 1 , ; ' I'oor littlo girl !' with quick concorn al most . boi^loring ou teudorness. Sho scorned ouch a fraguo littlo thing, so fair and so Jielpless. I feel that I was a bruto to huVo ' brought yoii','. ho raofuUyi.'d'ocli&'c&iV.; \- ' Oh, don t say that!' hor omilo full of winning sweotnesa. 'I was dying to come ; and it was lovoly 'of y ou.' 1 ' - ' , . ' How lovoly of you to eay so !' ho laugh ingly ozolaimod, irrepressible joyousnoos in hin faco. Ho was full of- .bojigh -jtriumpl} in tho suqopM. of thin stroke agturiaif Hazorton. i Rirol p liid -ho folt in. Buohgay' spirits/ 'And ' — I havo an iMpiiitiotf!— wo won't go 'ba'ok ;Cul3ll i{ you eay so. What do yoa think of staying on and growing up with tho ^oomitryf'/ ; ; :.:i: , * But tho! country has bo much' tho 'Start ? ot .iio',', Bqtty smilingly objected, enjoying his moodi , i It has already grown old.' / Ah, it ,i'v like mo, ho ilightly rotortod : , 'it .wi^^iipy'jir; young. But.-po.rhaps if . wo sb^i^-^q'uiphi Babor— tho, ii. usual ordor of tlung's migh't ;bo rovorsodcaud I might grow young with tho country .-It,5pcms vory pos siblo juot now, I aaauro you.' ' An; it would always bo possible,* oho -oraoularly- declared, 'Ifijeliug- -horsolf ' won drouoly atjeaso with him ; ' you would al .ways bo young, — if you would only lot yoursolf go.' ? i i - \ JIpV (jncoiinSgiugil; Und^iflWikind o£ y()U to oajr it !t But do you really think it would ho. wiao, Dotty f' laughingly, bonding. down, -to- look under tho brim M'hbr'wido hat.! Ho (hardly; know himself with tho spirit of jollity/that hhd taken hold of him. Ho vciruoiy felt hb was playing a part ; but ho ciijoycditi ' Because, do you know, in my present m!ood, if I should really lot myself -BOfcJO Jp5i suggest, I am afraid 'I'ohpiild: novor know whoro to stop.' An hour of jtho bm-ning day.liad tatrtiiUUy ? olippod away ! into tho shadows of tho past, and now its -&c;,omf«to,wero.a}ip03t;/Qrgotr, ton in tho florcu'j: ,-lrei) . ,'pf | noopfamo., ; ;. ii ; wa3 tho hour whon, according to a local say ing, .oply d6go, mozo3, and Ajnorioanocs worp to bn seen? upon tho otrcots. All the mar kot-folk had cathored up thoir unsold ware3 and'contcntcdly Etraggfed away to swolter through tho long afternoon in luxurious juonta , anQ tno oarc, not Biroow wero alt as Btill as'Pompoii aftor tho eruption. Ruport1 and Botty, somoiyhat: touohed with tho drowsy languor of tho placo wqro restiug* in a great, , klimly lighted qala; belonging ,tQ ,Ruport- ?i^oiitot;thoplaoo, — a man's parlor, htoking. .all tlio; littjo: feminino touohos that givo to 'barotoOm«~t)io look ot homo, but pleasant .withal, lifter tlio burning heat outsido. Thoy 'had 'exhaustively patronizod tho soantily oqiiijipcd markot-fltands huddled togothor in tlxdi sun-baked ,pla?a;|thpv had loitcrod in- tlio sliado or the: baro littlo church', ^ its 'altars' oluntorod with tho tawdry ornamentation of a childish and poverty- stricken pooplo, ri^io- . 'olous but for the simplo faith that, mado it , oil palhetio ; thoy had furtively stared, with lougkiw? criticism, at tho. queer. c03tumea of tho market-v.;oiii6h,; decorously assuming not ;(ii' boo tho happy youngators who flitted into tho foregrouuu of tho ccono quito au naturol thoy had doterminodly blinkod at all that was to, bo.. own,- in tho littlo placo, unanimously ngrco'd {hat it only di fie rod ,from r-y other., tropicr.ltown of its sizannthat.it'wjiii a littlo' moro oaro ona unue^j-uuia in- its wnito not j;laro of untomporcd oaushino than any. /'Xnu T7f ro horribly' oxtravagiint,' Botty romark'oai;with a omiling assumption of ro-. proof, hor pleased eyes running over tho acquisitions of tho markot- placo spread out on a tablo, — a cuupio of carved calabashes, a queor'littjp lm»Kos:wovem out of:* ;i'i;green grftss03,-U doligaviuuy, Jiiuoou5hro ..'n lottery wator 'moulco u q mil-/ (h fitut and 'floworsJ.' '.'I ouKut-soc to iiavolot you 'got so .niuoh for nro,- with faiut regi-ot ; 'but thon, don't you know, it was somothing Uko pi^tm I) vinir a church fair, 'riio-'.i poor pooplo' 'ii-: .needed t^io niunoy : it gave ono such a com ftii-tal)lo:'8Wsc of i|onp-pJoncp tp[t?/-buyiujf ! B/iihqthiilg'of theui', asidq from tho ' pleasure ofliaving' tho, things.' ,'iOS'| (to kb ooimmiiso.) | 