tONDON WEEK BY WEEK. • [Written and Illustrated by Harry Furniss, of "Punch."] London. January 4. ■ For- many years I have received an invitation to the annual function of the cutting of the Baddeley Cake at Drury-lane on Twelfth Night. The first, I recollect, took place in the reign of Chatter ton, and was a very different affair to the revel'of Druriolanus; as a matter of fact, it was more in keeping with the ideas of Baddeley, the originator and donor, who left in his will an amount of money sufficient to supply the clown and his fellow- pantomimists with a slice of cake and a glass of wine each Twelfth'Night. The little gathering took place in the greenroom of the theatre. The clown out the cake, and the hard worked girls and comedianB eat it and drank the wine. They toasted Baddeley; all was over in a few minutes, and it was a rare thing to- find a stranger taking any part in the merry little celebra tion. But now is the age of theatrical advertisement. The pantomime crowd is turned out with the footlights, and its memhers have trudged through the snow and I are enjoying their kipper and 'arf-and-'arf in their modest lodgings before the j theatre, which ^ they have just vacated, is converted into a palace of reception. AT T1IE PANTOMIME—A CONTRAST, Invitations have been issued to hundreds, including the leading stars of the legitimate drains, peers, poets, artists, Ambassadors, members of Parliament—even members of the London County Council—the Press, and a good slice of the public. The effect is magnificent. Druriolanus does not do tilings by halves, and this ceremony is the most attractive spectacle of the season. The cake is colossal, champagne flows freely, speeches are made. The music strikes up, and "dancing is kept up until a late hour." But I liked the little gathering in the groenrooin best, and I have no doubt that Baddeley turns in his grave at the modern innova tion, but as 1 am a member of the Thirteen Club I unfortunately cannot interview the good man's ghost and make known his opinion. This year, however, the crowd tub Bours fjimshan'. was not invited in consequence of Sir Augustus Druriolanus being unfortunately unwell, so, after all, the gathering was more like those of the old times. That fraud, the begging fireman, who year after year goes from door to door in our Loudon suburbs, dressed as a genuine fighter of the ilames and asking for Christmas boxes for the members of the Fire Brigade, has been at his old tricks again this week, and, although the bona-fide fireman and the police warn householders of these frauds in borrowed plumage, the foolish and the benevolent give their money, fill in the bogus subscription-books, and encourage these fraudulent scoundrels. It was, therefore, with unalloyed delight that I received from a domestic the information that the fireman j had.' called, for hi^ subscription. "Genuine?" I j asked. "I doubt it, sir." I was just waiting for a | crucial te6t. "Has he an overcoat .on?" "Yes, i sir." "Then tell him lie cannot be genuine ; the London County Council only recognise firemen without overcoats." The fellow promptly fled. This is a hinc to other householders who-are annually bothered with this pest. Should this meet the eye of the subscription-begging fiend, he will in all probability arrive at your front door shivering and overcoatleES—so beware ! The discourses of men of science in the London Institution are not always in keeping with outside events ; but as far as the title was concerned there was a peculiar fitness in Professor Do war's last lecture, " Liquid Air and its Coldness," for the day of the lecture happened to be the coldest we have experienced for many years—snow was thick on the ground, and the extreme severity of the weather was the all-absorbing topic of the day. Every one wanted to know some facts about it. Here, in this lecture was a chance ; but, alas, as the Professor explained, the atmo spheric conditions could not have been better combined to hamper him in his work. lie had had days of anxiety—all the waterpipes in his house had hurst and the gasmeter was, frozen. This is indeed a case ofL "Physician, heal thyself !" and must afford a certain gratification' to ordinary mortals. Surely if any one could prevent the burst ing of waterpipc6 and freezing of gasme'ers in the bouse it is those scientific men who lecture upon "Liquid Air and its Coldness,!' &.c. Had the most interesting and clever Professor left this sub ject alone and given practical ' JUVENILES AT THE LONDON INSTITUTION. advice upon sued domestic matters all.London would nave rushed to hear him. At this time of the year his lectures are'for juveniles, and there is nothing more popular in London. A lew evenings ago I was talking to Professor Dewar about the delight these lectures gave. " Yes," said lie, " hut it is the old people who never miss one. Really I believe the secret of long life is to attend the lectures of the London Insti tution ; people who go to them never die—they are children at eighty aud ninety years of age." It is a pretty but absurd idea on the part of a contemporary to suggest that our Royal Academicians, for the benefit of the unemployed, should model snow figures in a public park. On the Continent, where artists are artists for art's sake, and not a narrow commercial clique, such a thitag is . possible, indeed has keen carried out with great success in Brussels. The R.A.'s and A.R.A.'s are not the men to do this in a public park. They might model a few in the yard of Burlington House, and invite out siders to do the bulk of the work, and only open the gates if the shillings went into the coffers of tlieir Society, as they do in the spring. There is nothing for the sake of ..5?k; ■ . SNOW FlGCK^jifffT PABLIAMENX, artin their annual Exhibitions—it iB all .for themselves. ' There ,318 nothing for the peoifefc'-^it' is all for. their own pocksjtir so it is perfectly ridiculous to expect veteran Academicians to Bhine in the sikqiv whilst inanu'acturinSj hiohfttrosities for ohaiijty when in the^hb'kht of thefestiyjp season.' They will nbty^Sh': tlfeii1 'doors for any object of the sorti t shfter all' it: wotilcl not be a bad idea for members of Parlia ment to amuse themselves daring the winter by modelling snow figures on the terrace to pasB the time during the protracted Committees. The Premier, with spade and sxe, could no doubt model a beautiful figure of Erin representing Home ltule, Mr. Fowler a Parish Councils Bill, and Sir William'.'Harcourt the moBt colossal of Budgets. They would last as long as the snow, melt away with the first ray of sunshine, and the occupation would be far more healthy than that of sitting in.the stufly House. . ' « ■ THE PARALYTIC OLD LADY It is the custom now for the papers to publish a daily list of distinguished patients. During the last few days I have been scanning these lists carefully to see how the old lady of Tbreadneedle-street is after 'the terrible shock she received last week-from the attack upon her by Mr. A. J. Wilson, Edito? of the Investors' Bcvieiu, and a man whose .authority on City matters is unquestioned.'' Nothing more sensational has been published fcr .many a long day. It touches Englishmen in a way nothing-else possibly could ; it touches their pockets and their faith in the dear old lady. It tends to dispel that time-hOnoured phrase, "as safe as the Bank of England." Some may perhaps think that Mr. Wilson, r like the fat boy in " Pickwick," only, wanted to make the old.lady's flesh creep. At any rate he has'made her millions of ad mirers and believers open their eyes and start' with as tonishment. It can do no harm,' and it may do a lot of good ; but for the present the ideal, firm, businesslike, infallible, revered commercial womanof - Thread needle-street is reported by Dr. Wilson, the £xpert, to ofthheadneedle-street. be nothing more than a "paralytic old laay. His bulletins will be read with the deepest interest by a country whose commercial stability depends upon this old lady—a country,' too, that is' sadly, alarmed by the doc'or's'sensational report, coining as it does at a time when two- thirds ot the old lady's children are in anything but a healthy state. ' Among dramatists it has become the fashion to attack a certain section of the Press, which is very awkward for thei critics, and, I venture to think, not very judicious. That supreme satirist, Mr. W., S. Gilbert, holds society journalism up to ridicule in his new opera at the Savoy, and now Mr. Grundy goes for the theatrical critics in his play produced at the Garrick on Saturday night. The theatres have the whip hand. As Mr. Grundy, points out, not in this play, but in his book on the theme of his other play, "Sowing the Wind," if you slate a play you lose the advertisements. In many oiliceR the advertising agent is to be consulted before the Editor or the Manager. I had this brought home to me quite recently by one of our most versatile and- popular theatri TIJK OLD J*W. cal critics. " Why do you praise everything f I asked. "Because 1 must. If 1 don't they will get some one else to write the criticisms. The advertising agent kicks up a row, and, old fellow, it won't do to run down a piece and expect the advertisements from the theatre." "The Old Jew," the subject of Mr. Grundy's play, is designed to break down the stupid, impossible, triple- hatted, despicable old Hebrew which the theatres have educated the public, to believe is the true type of the chosen race. The new type of dramatic critic will probably follow in the next play. BOVALTY rXDERGUOCXD. Wonders will never cense ! ll.R.H. the Prince of Wales travelled on the Under ground Railway last Satur day for the first time, but the special reason of his so doing is not revealed. Is he 'going in for surprises, having taken a leaf out of the eccentric [book of his erratic nephew, the Emperor of Germany ? His experiment on -the Under ground was not impromptu, but prepared. Red carpets were laid down for him to tread on, and bunting was hung to re lieve the dulness of the smoky tunnel; and no doubt sauitas was sprinkled about, and bouquets presented to the distinguished visitor. Then the station was Baker-street, which is a new one, and the journey was into the country instead of being citywards under the warehouses. Now, his crowned nephew would have selected Gower-street at C p.m., and travelled through the city in a third-class carriage incognito. He would then have acquired some knowledge of the sulphurous subway, of which his beloved uncle still remains in ignorance. As Inquisitive Americas.—The reputa tion of Americans as an inquisitive race is maintained by a letter whioh the Postmaster General reoeived a day or two ago from a resi dent of West Virginia, United States. It is as follows:—" Dear Sir—The World's Fair in Chicago has brought many to beleave that Australia will yet be the countery. As I have a family of four boys that will soon be young men I am anxious to bring my family to a good healthy countery. Would you pleaee give me a history of Astralia—the climate, the land and itB price per acre, grain and the kind you grow, timber and the different.kinds; stock, tbedifferentkinds, their prices; is it a good sheep countery, their prices; what is a good horse worth, are thair wild ponies thair; is thair game thair and what kind ; are the natives dangurs, do they ever trouble the white people; the ore, have you .gold and silver; have you moun tains, is it timber land or prairie; have you churches, Sabbath - schools, &c.;, also sohools in general; the prioe of groceries clothing, boots and slioeB, general goodB of every description; please send me one of your local papers; have you faotnrye and what kind, have you railroads; how -are wages for labouring men, what trades would Buit your countery the best, have you snow in winter and how long, when do you start seeding and when doeB harvest end, have you good hunting and what kind, have you good hounds for hunting; what would it cost from your place to the United States, say New York or San Frahoisoo? A first cousin of mine left Canada (Ont.) a fue years ago. He went to Australia. If you no anything about him please give me his address. . I have asked.many questions;' please answer 1 with any other information you can give me." Unkmi'loit.d is Chicago.—The difficulty in regard to the unemployed has reached, serious dimensions in Chicago. From latest advices it appears that the estimated number of men out of work in that oity Is nearly 117,000, and so great has their sufferingbeoome that the Illinois Conference of Charities and Correction at a special meeting appointed a committee of 100 representatives to at once prooeed to raise a Charity Fund of §1,000,000 for the relief of the most pressing wants of the worthy and deserving poor. The Churches of the north side of the oity decided to open their doors for the sheltering of the homeless men of Chicago, who were oompelled to find lodg ings where beBt they could, and it was ex pected that this example would be followed by the Churches of the other seotiohs of. the city. " The plan ijj,' (says an American paper) " to throw ppen ^ither all/or a portion of each of: the Churches' named for lodgings for met). Strict regphjtToni^as^ cleanliness and^obriety fie able'^^^msh a.place to lire in for thote unable to.^ay;forlodgings. Money contributed will b.e usgd jor the purchase of food, : Womejn. of'this Churches' will make Baridwiohes and coffee, while the men interested will attend to their distribution. Nothing similar has ever been attempted by the Ohurohes here." Theacrioal - performances have also been arranged with a view of alleviating distress. Amongst the Solomon Islandebs. — A vessel arrived at Port Jaokson on Wednesday from the Solomon Group after a tempestuous experience (says the S. AT. Herald). A hurri cane set in, and giant seas swept the vessel's decks, and also swept overboard her cookhouse or galley, cooking stove, and all the parapher nalia therein.' At Reudova, New Georgia, a great uprising has taken place. The boast men had suffered severely from the attacks of tribes from the bills, and had started on a retaliatory expedition. This was being carried on in a fiendish manner, and it is stated in the letters reoeived' that it would be a truly humane aot if a British man-of-war would visit the place, and put a stop to the bar barities. It is believed that rich mineral deposits abound in the Solomon Group, and a party (described as a soientific mining party) from New Caledonia has arrived in the group on a fosBioking and exploring under taking. A small ooasting vessel had driven ashore on the coast of New Georgia, near Cape Pitt, but' was floated without much damage. In theGerman portion of the islands— said to be the largest and riohest in the group —very little progress is to be seen in the way of settlement of any kind by white people. At Ysabel, as well as at-Choiseul and Bougain ville, the natives are constantly at war. Some recruiting for the French' stations in New Caledonia is done, also for the German Colli pany's stations in New Britain and adjaoent islands, but British vessels are prohibited from engaging in trade at these islands, and .are mulcted in. heavy penalties should they infringe theregiilations. In the other parts of the group the Queensland labour vessels get many reoruits ; indeed, one aocount says that nearly half the young fellows in the islands have at some time or other worked on the sugar stations of the northern colony. A Black and White.— The historical .Tommy Walker, who says he is "a bit of a King" himself, mayohe day wake up to find himself famous. He has already bad the honour of having his counterfeit presentment painted exceedingly well by Fristrom, and presented to the Geographical Society, and now bis portrait" in bis habit as he lived" in the days when "whitefellow nobbier" bad not brought him down from liis high estate, is on view at . Woodman's. It is .appropriately, in black and white, and the artiBt (Oscar FriBtromJ.has given.au excellent idea of the head and bust of ah aged hirsute aboriginal. The difference of the type between this South Australiap native and one ,pf. Queensland may be eeen, ; as there is a portrait of a darkie from that colony alongside At. . . . _ .' ;. ..'.:.. 