English Mail Extracts. [Newspaper Dates, Aug. 22.1 *- * -i A pleasant change seems to be overtaking the relations of France and Germany. Time is inevitably closing the wound inflicted in 1870, and, if no undue probing is permitted, ?will make of it a tragic memory only. Every year that peace remains unbroken the pro spects of a war of revenge instead of becom ing nearer, happily appear to grow more and more remote. On both sides there exist, of course, those ultra-patriotic spirits who never cease to gird at the neighbour across the Vosges, but one exalted personage — the Ger man Emperor — has, on more than one occa sion, gone out of his wav to show that, Iir wishes to be friends with Prance, and his per sistence has not been altogether unavailin°\ An article in the North German Gazette a few days ago, in which the most conciliatory spirit was shown towards France, has been received in Paris as a remarkable overture. France and Germany have within the last few weeks found themselves in sympathy on questions referring to the Congo and the necessity for protecting the creditors of Greece, and both countries have realised that there are interests on which they can work together. The interchange of cordialities be tween the German and French press, if not quite general, is yet significant. The mis takes of Lord Kimberley and the financial delinquencies of Greece will have been un equivocal blessings in disguise, if they have served to modify for the better the attitude of the two Powers, on which the future of the world's peace so largely rests. The staff of the Queen's walking-stick is of sound English oak, and was made for and presented to Charles II. by a citizen of Wor cester. The stick had originally only a plain gold top, but to this the Queen, who wanted something to ' grip' in her support, added a queer little Indian idol, which formed part of the booty of Seringapatam. Some time back it was reported that two missionaries of the Church of England were captured in Tibet. One of them, the Kev. W. S. Sutherland, of the Training School at Kalimpong, has written an account of the adventure in Saint Andrew, a quarterly record of the life and work of the Church of Scot land in India and Ceylon. Mr. Sutherland, with his companion, Mr. Maca'ra, from Sikkim, struck into Tibet ^vhere it wedges itself in between Sikkim and Bhutan. ' On the great rolling uplands,,' he says, ' where the Tibetans graze their yaks, we could shut our eyes and imagine that we were on a moor in Scotland with a cold breeze blowing over it.' A day's march further, in the valley of the Moochoo, ' we felt ourselves in fairyland ; the valley was a vision of cypresses and pines ; it was clothed with ferns, irises, buttercups, forget-me-nots, anemones, and all beautiful flowers ; the air was perfumed with the scent of wild roses' — as in the valley of Cashmere. By and by some Chinese officers from Yatung got upon their tracks, and conducted them to 'the fortified barrier which the Chinese have fixed straight across the valley between Rinchin gong and Yatung' and — entertained them most hospitably ! After a while they escorted the travellers some way higher up to ' the prospective mart opened to foster trade between India and Tibet' — an insignificant affair, apparently. Then they 'brought us in safety to Sikkim.' So that is the true inwardness of the capture. Kalimpong is a considerable trade mart, and Mr. Sutherland is ' anew impressed with the importance of the position we hold in Kalimpong for working among the Tibetans,' who come down to trade ' from enormous distances — from the very heart of Tibet.' It was a pleasant outing, no doubt, with just a spice of adven ture. But (the Daily Chronicle says) never a glimpse of a Mahatma ! A few days ago, at a Hungarian summer resort, a lieutenant and a Government official, who had quarrelled about a lady, resolved to fight. They chose for their seconds two ladies, who arranged all the preliminaries of the duel according to time-honoured custom. When they appeared on the scene of action, however, and the revolver case was opened, it contained two bottles of champagne and some glasses.;: The duel ended, without blood shed. ;. ; .'. Some statistical writer in Berlin has drawn uj- a careful chronicle of the Emperor's move ments since .Aug. -15 of last year till now, from which it appears that his Majesty has in this brief 'period journeyed close upon 19,000 miles. /There are not many of our globetrotters . 'or bagmen who can beat that. William I. 'was 'called 'the ' Greise Kaiser' or ' venerable Emperor,' Frederick III. the 'Weise Kaiser' or 'wise Emperor,' and William II. the 'Eeise Kaiser' or ' travelling Emperor,' and ho has remained true to this character. Like the ghost in 'Hamlet,' ^'he's here, he's there, he's- gone' ; .ubiquity is his name. Germany, Austria, : Hungary, Italy, Switzer land, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and England are the chief countries which the Keise Kaiser has swept across within the last twelve months. There is not an important town in his own empire in which during this time he has not reviewed or alarmed the garrison, attended a wedding, unveiled a monument, or done something' else to keep his subjects on. edge. Without some other country to explore (remarks the Daily Chronicle) William the Traveller will soon be as unhappy as was Alexander at having no more worlds to conquer. The Empress-Dowager of China is in many respects an extraordinary woman. She is a Ritualist, and keeps eighteen lamps, represent ing the eighteen provinces of China, burning in her palace. One of these happening to burn badly, she was greatly disturbed, and anxiously inquired of the Chief Astronomer the cause. The reply is said to have been that the peccant lamp represented Canton, and indicated an epidemic of the plague. People living in and near Gap in the Upper Alps Department, were recently startled (says the Paris correspondent of the Daily Tele graph) by the sudden metamorphosis of a fine young woman into a full-blown young man), Mdlle. Laure Bernard, twenty-four years old, had for several years past very successfully managed an institution for the cure of stam mering in speech. It appears thatbegalement, or stammering, is prevalent in the region, so Mdlle. Bernard was able to make nearly £2000 at it in a few years. This money enabled ,her to live independently of her parents, who, however, were well off. One of her brothers recently died in the Colonies, where he prac tised ' as a physician : another is a priest, and she — or rather he, for Mademoiselle is now Monsieur — has a sister, who is a nun. The successful specialist in stammering cases was registered at birth as a female child and grew up in petticoats. Lately, while studying medicine at Grenoble, Bernard fell deeply in love, discarded the petticoats, had the birth registration altered, and married the girl who had smitten him by her charms. The ex-mademoiselle was also duly enrolled as a military conscript and will have to serve in the contingent for the year 1895. It is said that Bernard, while passing as a woman, acted the part to perfec tion so far as wearing the clothes went. His features, however, were just a trifle harsh for a damsel, and his voice was occasionally gruff. An exciting incident took place in the' Berlin streets recently. A well-known Anarchist, whose name is Scheve, was walk ing up and down with a companion in the Kaiserstrasse. They had been watched by a police agent, who finally went towards them, declared them under arrest, and summoned them to follow him to a police-station. The two obeyed, but when they were about to enter the station they took to flight. They were pursued by the policeman and agents who had seemingly wafched the arrest. One of them escaped. The other, finding escape ? im possible, drew a revolver and opened fire on his pursuers. One of the police officers was shot in the left arm, another was wounded in the face, and a civilian is also said to have been hurt. Altogether six revolver shots were fh-ed at the officers and people who joined in the chase. Scheve was finally knocked down and handcuffed. Professor Yung, of the Geneya University, believes that the time is coming when human beings will have no legs to speak of.- What with cycling, the great end of civilisation now seems to be to enable us to move about with out using feet or legs. It is fast getting on to electrical hackney coaches and rudder balloons. The tendency is to throw all the muscular activity into the hands and arms. Professor Yung believes that the future human creature will nave the merest survivals of nether limbs, and arms of great length. Teeth will probably be dwarfed also by the constant use of soft foods that need not be chewed, but, as the march of intellect will increase in pace, the brain will develop. Of course, the standards of beauty with these anatomical changes will alter. When they do a person with a set of teeth such as would now excite the admiration of a dentist would almost seem a beast of prey. Madame Lindt, a Parisian, recently made a personal application to the court of the 18th Arrondissement of Paris, and, on being in formed that her case had been struck off the list, she swiftly opened a red cotton handker chief, seized what the horrified spectators imagined to be a round, white bomb, and hurled it at the President's head. Clerks, avoues, and secretaries bowed their heads and crouched low, but the majesty of the law neither ducked nor dodged from his seat. The bomb struck the panel close to the President's left ear, burst into a thousand fragments, and turned out to be — a rotten egg. The plain tiff became the defendant, and was sent to prison. . , 