SHORT STORY. The Lady's Maid's story. "Yea, miss, certainly, I lived with ires. Birch--mis Grigg that was before tho married Mr. Birch. - I knew hll about that affair. It was very singular indeed -very. r'at not sure that I ought to mention it, for if i lady's mid can't hold her tongue shte can't find good plluces. Dear mo, 1'111 no talker. I'm as inmun aIs is mouse. Bushels of pearl powder and quarts of rouge haval applied with my own hands, and rover so much at hinted at. As for cottoa, bloss yourheart, I'vonoveruo tuch as breathed about it. "I lived with a lady once that took arsonio regularly for liher complexioln. That's no ascret, for aho took too much one day, by accident, and died. It all came out in the inquest. It's well it did, for suspioion pointed at the hunband. Somehow it always seems to strike a jury that a husband is the likeliest person to wish a wife out of the way. "But this isn't anything about point; ,siea Grigg being on the stage, made no secret of that. She played queens and such, mlss. I'vo often had tickets given tno and gone with my young maln to sea lier not. And when site was haughty and curled liher nos.lilka, miss, and lootod at other. folks over her .?ohuldoer'?id tallked away down in he" 'lhroat' liko ,: plgeo61 gurgling, she was splendid, mies.s. It madte ie think how ice it would be to be a quoon, and.take airs over every body. " Well, Mis Grigg was engaged to be married. hMr. irloh had fallen in love with her wlhon shlo was playinig iHamlet's iia. Perpatps you have soon the play,mtiss? The young man objects to his ias gotting married the second time, so I sootited to make out, and noted imlpertintet, giving sass to his sns and his step-.pa, and carry ing on awfill. Agd there was a poor young lady cluit out of liher mind that afterward got driohed. " Well, she was playtilg Ihumlot's Ina, anid Mr. Birch fell in love with her and set liaher a letter, anld called and mliado an offer, all in no time. Sho accopted him, of course, and the preparations for tihe wedding began. I dlon t thiik anlly lady over had so many dresses before. Silks and satins, and velvets and laces. l)ear, dear; ?Itio. ]luank's wholu establishment was hard it work for a iimolthi, and if I'd had twenty ilgers. instead of only ton, I'd have had use for theorn all.. "At last everything was ilnislied. TIhe trunks woro packed, fifteen of them, tibs, and fourteen woea to go on that after nooa, anid one-the one with te twedding and travelling dressea-w-ns, of course, to go on with the bride wihen nhlo tnrted next duy. She was to be imarried at tluI o'clock, in the church, and thou drive home, hlave a splendid breakfast, clhutgo iher ress nod catchli the three o'clock train. Of course I saw to the trunks, and I iwas very careful ; but just whcln I was needed tmosl, just as the trunks were bheiig taken down stairs, Mliss Grigg called for " Miss Grigg was a lady who didn't like to wait, and so I wont to her at once, mniss, as was my duty, and I said to Bridgut I)ustor, Itl clumnlbernieid, " ' Bridget, watch that black trunk, and oee thllat thie aon don't cuarry it oil'.' "Bridget understood with her elbows, ofcoulsro, mlliss, anld after I had been to the land'send for two yards of bluoribbon of exactly such i alud ides lshe wanted, alid got brk; I found- tldtabo ladu ind ant offil the blacc trunk first of tll, Iand was ery* proud of having boen so caro l. lTheo trunks were all tmiles away by that time. " There was nothing for it but to tell Mist Origg. She flow at Itme, milies. I don't blam helar for boing angry. I.would forgiv liher it such i ciaso. Slie flew at uie, violent, tmiss; and then, miss, elohad ap.~tams. Si;o boat the sofat, sl:a tore her lit'ir, she screeched, and lil all the whilo onying, "liemoelter your ayes, miss, Think low you will look, miss. Your nlos is slwelling dreadful, miss." "Finally she allelo to anld bautled her fa.', A. d says lso : "' Flora, what shall I do 1" "'I don't know, liss,' said I, ' unless you put off the wedding llntil yo3u cau telegraph for the trunk.' "'' No, that's ulllucky ; beside, one never knows. Noleo ani't to be depended " You tuighlt borrow a drossl' said I. As if I would be married il a dress that did not fit,' alho said, 'Slop, don't speak a word. I'veo an iden.' SSite sat with one finger on her lips fom a whilo. Then salto said : "'My embroidored dressing gown. Thi whtito oato I That's there ?' "' In tllhe btureau, mis," said T. S" ' Very ll,' anid silo. ' 'll be tnir. ried in that. Telegraphs for the truLk, Flora.' "'The white dressilg gownl, miina said 1 nearly nalonislhed ouet of Iny aoilses. "' Yeos,' eni sheo, 'l thewhite dressing gown; you goose, you don't thintk I'm going to blie married in chulrch in that. I won'ti put ol'tlho wedding, anttd 1 won' stand tl before a crowd in anythinlg but tmy whiteo atil dress I But I'll be lmar. riLl at tlho appoirted hour, for all that. So telegraph for my trunk and come back soon. " WhVola I canlo back I found Miss Origg in bu and tilhe doctor sent for. lie wtas puZzled, I could sao that. lue couldn'li tll wihat wits the mlatter andt Miss Gri'gg wats too failit to stiotek. I.Ho qutostioned mio. I.said she hnad beeI very much agitntd. li prepucribeud sonothiillg and went ill', bidding me sould for hii if solo coanled wora, Th'el ovening plnper lublishelld tile report that Miss Griggi wns dllngelouisly ill, alld Mir. luirch cellll to Ihle hotel it a torribla fright, as palu as n huoet, tlo ask hOw aie was. I took him dowa 'l'fer love, ncd shln was very ill.' "Thuln Miss GJrigg said to the lladioles lwho had cutei ini "' Loav lo witlh tily fuillhful Flor.' " WVu waero very sualo left alone. Ic nl't sally tlhait I was sarptrisod wtloll sll aut iip inlbd ied slid bliskly : .laock tihe door, Florn. I'm slik of lyilg on liy backl. .I'ro taketn thles il, ihavcre't I You see whatt I anl about I' ,'xaolly, iilc/' said I, '1o be ltoo ill Lito bie Ilarrlid wtllulltla tite etnoea.' ' iN,' salid alim; ' to be ill enoughl to. bI narrioed in the Lhito dressinig gowi. I'llt g'olg to be uitnrled oil any dyitlg bed, " gave a screech asdshia laughed, nud lel siho tladi ai supper of snarilnlcs nid bisouitsallnd witlto, atnld throw the mnedeiilo iut uif the wilhdow. IEarly next day tihe dclor otilme, I atllswbrod hlis quostioll is I" wlhat sort of nlght Iais patlent h)nd "inted by bnyiltg she itatl been 'omuch the mltue,' 'thoi I took a little Iote she hIad Irrillcl to Mr. lirah, whlio 's asallounlay " lI kwtt wieit was i lb b lito told lilm 'lhat rathelr than leanvoe e ite worll without coplitg her vow to hintittal would be lurri?d on ter'dying bed, I powdered her tip wcell, mllls, nnd dressed hler it theo etubroldored dressing goto, with ttube rosea at thie threat. I pulled dotwn tle qtcion :olIgs i4d 4gtxkgUl v. (tlioxsp. Slk fixed the pillows to prop herself up with, iend then skipped into bed. "'Give me my pearl bracelets,' she said, 'and the handsomost of those hand kerchiefs, and all iay rings; and Flora, mind you must sob all through the coro mony. I'm going to be calm.' " We hadn't live nmiutos mole, but just as the first knock came to the door, she whispered sorrowfully : " ' Oh, dear I if I could only have slow music. Couldn't you catch that "Tra viata" organ, Flora, and got hint to play for half an hour outside the window 1 lIo's always on lthe corner. I'll leave you sometching handsome if you do.' "I did it, short ns the time was. I caught that man and he ground. out his quirters' worth. "''Thel clergyman was a very nice, neat, near-sighted old gentlemann. Mr. Birch was the dreadfuleost sight-pleo as a ghost and shaking from head to foot. Tihe grooimsman looked dreadfully sorry; tJl four or five intimate friends looked as though they were at a funeral ; and to see her, with Iher calm smile and powdered face, one hand against liher heart, the other in his-I was glad I'd been told to sob; I had to do something. And so they were married. " ' I feel,' said Mhiss Grigg, slowly, ' that this, perhaps the last moment of mny life, is very sweet. To die thus, with .nimyhamnd?in youra-ah I Dear friend, adiou 1 Flora, my faillffil inmaid, -ake thin ring.' I saw her pick out the cheaopest; but no matter. 'ltomembor me by it. Now-leave us.' "Then everybody kissed her and went out of the roonm sobbing. "Ini a inoileint.mere there was a scream; lir. Birch had fainted away. It took an hour to bring hinm to. " The reporter of the evening papes wason waitingoutsido for the news. ]tewa lIl published that night, but the next afternool the thravelling dress came bock in the black trunk. " Yes, mias,, if conptsq--iss Grigh--i oanll to say hlIs. 3irulh-i6roovered at unco. And that's the whole story. I'm ?eh only one that knows it, and I wouldn't naiention it to any one but you, ,sn o.ll ltl 