CORRESPONDENCE TO THE EDITOR. A VISITOR'S OPINION OF ZEEHAN. Sir.— When I set out to visit your field I certainly had no anticipations of seeing a town of such wonderful proportions as Zeehan has become the short space of three or four years ; in fact, a city in embryo that bids fair to rival Ballarat, Bendlgo, or other inland cities tbroughout Australia, and my impression is that Zeehan has a grand tuture before it, and will and must forge ahead notwithstanding the few croakers and malcontents at present encumbering the ground. But these are to be found in every community who, being themselves dissatisfied, en- deavor to inoculate others with the views of discontent, and who had better put up with the ills, real or imaginary, than to fly to others they know not of crying out, 'ruin and desolation,' with faces like skim milk, simply because the staple article of the field, silver, has gone down a little in the market, and who devoutly declare with uplifted eyes and woe begone visage that it can never rise again. Well, let it be hoped that all such are false prophets, and that the Zeehanites will keep their eye on their patron silver cloud that is destined to clear away the dark despond- ing cloud that some poor bilious mortals would bow down and worship. To such I would say be of good cheer and all will be welL Yes, Sir, you say imagine the surprise I felt on this my first visit to the capital of the Wild West to find such palatial hotels and shops, suited to the requirements of a large city. Where you can be taken in and done for, then the ladies coming coming out in all the latest Parisian fashions doing the Main-street block with dainty little shoes enclosing equally dainty little feet, gladdening the hearts of all who are possessed of sufficient soul to admire God's great and beautiful handiworks. As one of the strongest evidences of the healthful nature of the climate I was struck with the hordes of blooming healthy children, with round chubby faces, with cheeks the color of a first-class ripston pippin. With their pleasing evidences before me I could not help thinking that the great specialist, Dr L. L. Smith, would not have a ghost of a show on Zeehan. One thing I wish to call particular atten- tion to, and that is the wonderful fertility of the soil. I have often heard it said that sufficient could not be grown round here to feed a goat, but when I came to visit the garden, especially that of Mr A. T. Anderson, the genial hotelkeeper, and to try the products, I was agreeably surprised for better vegetables of all kinds I have never seen, the ''spuds" being especially fine, which must gladden the hearts of the sons of Ould Erin. Whilst on this subject I must not forget to note the beautiful flowers I have seen grown here, the climate and soil seeming to be peculiarly adapted to their gentle culture. I need not say that this fact must have an attraction in itself for the gentle daughters of Eve, for they love to see themselves reflected in the lovely and charming flowers of nature In conclusion, I must say that notwith- standing the much croaking and wailing about bad times and burnt up of field, etc., I have not seen the semblance of poverty or distress during my three weeks sojourn. On the contrary, every one seems well fed and well clad, No children running about barefooted and bare legged, as are to be seen in almost every town throughout Aus- tralia. No fine ablebodied men hunting round back yards and pig tubs for a morsel of anything to stay the cravings of hunger, nor where to lay their heads. All this I have been an eye witness to within the past 12 months. It is, therefore, pleasing to see a well doing, and to all intents and purposes, a prosperous community, such as I take Zeehan to be. And again in con- clusion, throughout years of travel and experience on mining centres, not only in Tasmania, but in the other colonies, a more respectable or law abiding community I have never had the pleasure to mingle with nor wish for.— Yours, etc., JOHN SLY. 