(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDNPr.) Saturday. PARLIAMENTARY MAT''TERS. People are wondering what sort of notions members of Parliament must entertain of their relative value of things when they are prepared to inter rupt a debate on which the fate of the Government hangs, in order to bring to the bar a minister of religion for the crime of expressing a general opinion that undesiralle citizens get into parlia ment. The farce in connection with the 11ev. Mr Edgar broke into two after noons last week, and played havoc with the continuity of the want-of-confidence debate. The public, however, has derived great amusement- at linding the House, " through its Speaker," so ready to accept the "apology" of Mr Edgar that he did not call the people lie referred to liars and profligates, but only applied the terms blackleg and scoundrel. I fimcy if the reverend gentleman had met Mr John Smith at the street corner, and on being taxed with calling him a liar and profligate Ihe had pleaded to Smith that he only called hint a black. leg and scoundrel, Smith would not have told hint to go without a stain on his reputation, as was in effect done by the House. The virtuous resolve to clear its character was, iowever, taken suddenly, and some coolieg influence must have been brought to bear after- I wards. As Mr Edgar has stated that he hals a sheaf of letters from persons willing to back him up if called upon to substantiate charges, it may le that more may be heard of the exceedingly ridicnlous and undignitied proceeding. I shall not say anything about the want-of-confidence motion except that it has been exceedingly tame, ar.d that in spite of the" efforts" of whips neither side is at all certain which way victory will go. The fate of the colony seems to be in the hands of a few gentlemen at pre sent "sitting on a rail" in the Minis terial corner. Rather unfortunate ! MR. M'BEAN'S WILL. There is a good deal of poetic justice to be seen about the court cases whichl sometime turn up. One of the most economical of men I think was Mr Lachlan M'Bean, who died recently on the way from his station to Deniliquin, leaving about half a nmillion of money and a will directing how it should be distributed. Being economical in all things, the testator has left a documenilt in which money was not lavished in the work of preparation, as, because it is found necessary to obtain a judicial inter pretation of it, fifteen barristers to-day made their appearance at court repre senting various persons interested, or supposed to be interested, wlile apolo gies were made for others unavoidably prevented from being present. If a careful saving man, after death, could could only know of such a waste of funds of the estate amongst an army of long.robe gentlemen. le might reason ably be expected to appear in ghost form to enter a protest. GENERAL. The term "get your Ihair cut" is a very familiar one in our streets. The process of getting the thing done is not always simple and easy, as shown by the experience of it gentleman now in pent ridge. The person in question took a long sea voyage before beingncaught, and while under remand in the benighted regions to which lie went, wished to have a crop. The barber of the prison was a voracious looking blackfellow with star. i(ig eyes, and the prisoner protested against submitting his locks to one who looked like cutting his throat, and prayed to be dealt with by a white man. The matter was referred to the authori ties, who were anxious to oblige, and after some delay reported that the white barber had been found-the only one that the place afforded. He was, how ever, serving a life sentence for murder l The haircutting, being at that time a voluntary matter, was deferred. Now, Mr - has it regularly attended to at Coburg. . Talking about Coburg-I mean of course the establishment where so many smart Melbourne ment now reside at the expense of poor:taxpayers--reat care must be taken to promote "cheerful noss," if not hope, in the breasts of the I incarcerated. When Matthias Larkin wasl brought tip on habeas corpl s the other day, lie stated what seems to imply that the comic papers are filed for the I benefit of prisoners. When asked whe I ther lie was an assistant librarian lihe declared that he never had been given t that appointment, though "Punch" had had him at the time in a cartoon. The news from Japan pnblislhed yesa. Sterday is such as to cause men of the Swestern nations to stop and think. Tile merchants in Japan who have agreed to lend tie Government £16,000,000 for I war purlponses, hare decided from patriotio anotions to forego interest. We could n, do witli a few patriots of this stnamp in connection with western civilisation. 