OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] THE SWORD OF FATE, BY HENRY HERMAN. Author of " Through Golden Fire," " Scarlet Fortune," His Angel," "Eagle Joe," " For Old Virginia," " The Great Beck -leswaithe Mystery," No. Joint Author of u The Silver King," " Clan, dian," " One Traveller Returns," &c.; [All Rights Reserved] -? CHAPTER XVIII. (Continued.) A nice young lady with yellow hair and a squint of fair proportions, with her fingers covered with rings to the middle joints, a red satin bow at her breast, and a green one on her head, who had poisoned four children, because they worried her during their lessons, danced with another, a stout young lady, rather more sober in dress, ball more smartly in expression, who had cut the throat of her mother, and thrown her own baby in the kitchen fire. Other young and elderly persons of similarly tragic experiences, footed it nimbly without thought or care, except when one trod upon another's toe, when a battle royal was only prevented by the intervention of the female warder, who kept a keen watch over them all. Another lady-fat, forty, but far from fair vainly endeavoured to entice a bashful young thing who had killed her husband by pouring boiling water over his face, to join her in the waltz. HI don't like to-1 don't like to," smirked the young, self-made widow. " It is not the style of dance becoming to my complexion." I Thereupon the fat and forty lady, the hue of whose face was something between a wine redland whisky bine, followed in the footsteps of the prisoners on the male side, and lifting up her eyes, muttered, " Poor thing. She's as mad as a march hare she's mad." I shall be charged with exaggeration in the picture I have drawn, but I resign myself to the criticism in the knowledge that my picture is lifelike and truthful. There are the padded rooms-there are the cells where two or three warders at a time have to watch raving madman. There are the long hospital wards, where now and then gaunt figures rise from the small weeds, and mud eyes glare at the visitor as he passes through, but my picture remains truthful, nevertheless. Broadmoor is not so much a prison as a hospital. The poor wretches confined there are treated not so much as prisoners than as patients. A peculiar repugnance oppresses the visitor who enters Broadmoor. The knowledge that one is surrounded by four to five hundred murderers and murder- cases, clouds the mind like an acrid fog. Mrs. Usselby suffered in this way like everybody else. When first she entered the great State prison, a feeling of awe made her flesh creep, and she shuddered in spite of herself. For a month previous to her journey to the East, she had pictured to herself the place as one of ghostly horrors. . Her fears had so worked upon her mind that she fancied she could hear the shrieks and yells of raving lunatics ringing in her ears. She had pictured herself a sea of gaunt, white, dreadful faces, each distor- ted by a savage grin. She had seen in her dreams mad eyes glaring at her, and had wrung her hands and wept bitter tears at the thought that her Ralph was herded among such as these. When first she stood before the gate of the asylum, a cold dread chilled her mar- row. It looked so grim, so forbidding, so formal in its massive solidity, When she crossed the threshold, she thought her heart would stand still with icy horror. But hope soon grew in that seemingly barren soil when she knew what she would be allowed to do for the comfort of her dear one. Time after time, when Ralph was away from his cell, she was permitted to bring new brightness and new ease into it. Once every week she saw him. These were days of a bitter joy-festivals of sweet tears. 'to see mm-to look upon him even was a pleasure like none other upon earth. To see him so stricken nearly broke her heart. And yet Ralph was so different from all the rest confined in that great prison. He had passed through all his trials and removals with a blank unconcern. A Plato might have explained the inner workings of that mind, but no trace of it was depicted on Ralph TTsselby's face. The pleasant smile which had always made his handsome features doubly at '. tractive, still sat there undisturbed. The eyes were more dreamy, and now and then looked far beyond the person addressed. So soft in all his manner-so un- complaining-undisturbed by all that passed about him he obeyed every behest as if it were the most natural thing in the world. When wife, or son, or friend came to see him, he treated each and all with a smiling recognition, but never asked for might nor spake a word which proved that he remembered Usselby Grange, or the old Rosemary, or the day which wrecked his home. " Will he ever remember ?" the stricken wife asked the medical superintendent. 4t Do you think his mind will ever come back P" J " I hope it may, and I think it will' , replied the man of science. " The only r danger is, that when he does remember, the shock of the first memory may be too great, and he may finally and hopelessly break down under it. We can only pray for the best." Each hopeful word brought new glad- ness to Mrs. Usselby. The wicked charge hanging over her husband's head and the threatening gallows had no awe for her. She knew her husband was innocent. Frank and Mrs. Usselby were waiting in a big square room with vaulted roof. Three windows, barred, and guarded by iron railings, admitted the light on one side. Around a large portion of the "* Teddened walls ran oaken seats. A heavy C table here and there, and a couple of "" benches. No other furniture. Frank had had encouraging news that day Both he and Grace had claims against his father's estate. His own v lights were trivial, being simply matters of account, but Grace's were more serious and related to moneys left to her in Ralph's care, and properties in his charge as her guardian. A Chancery suit had been instituted against the-estate, and Frank had that morning been informed that the judge had granted an injunction forbidding Mark to deal with, or sell, any of the property. " That will stop him playing ducks and drakes with our rights," said Frank. " He would otherwise be quite capable of gambling every penny of it away on the Stock Exchange." It was only a step, but every inch of advance was a mile on the road to a new life of hope. Somehow or other, both Frank and his mother were in their hearts prepared for pleasant surprises on that day, and they apparently noticed nothing strange when Ralph Usselby walked up to his wife and kissed her on the forehead as had been his habit in the olden days when his mind was as yet unruffled. He greeted his son with a cheery " Good day, lad," an expression he had not used since his bitter misfortune had crushed the light of life out of him. The poor wife held her husband's hand in her own, and felt it trembling with unaccustomed warmth. "God bless you, dear," she said. " You are a little brighter to-day, are you not?" " Brighter ?" asked Ralph, with seem- ing astonishment. " I don't know. I am glad to see you, and it seems to be so long since I have seen you. Why is that?" season saw me last week, dear," re- joined Mrs. Usselby, and Frank, too, was here a week ago." A deep sigh, and a curious enquiring look travelling round that vast chamber answered her. " Is there anything you want, dear ?'; continued Mrs. Usselby. "I have brought you some flowers," she was about to say " flowers sent up from Devonshire' when she arrested herself on the remembrance that all mention of the place was forbidden. There were among the blossoms, however, a couple of sprays of golden coloured Japanese chrysanthemums, quaintly | shaped flowers with long fringed petals, and of a line which Ralph in the olden time had delighted to cultivate. He had introduced them at Usselby, and the lady who, had sent them all the way from the Tamar had obtained her plants from cuttings furnished her by Ralph. He seemed to recognise them, and pick- ing them out of the bunch looked at them with a puzzled enquiry. " I know these," he said, "I have seen these before." Frank, who had noticed and understood his father's turn of mind, came to the rescue to lead his train of thoughts away from the dangerous there. Are you comfortable, dad ?" he asked. " Is there anything we can do for you ?" "Very comfortable, lad?" replied Ralph. " Everybody is very kind, every- body except Mr. Michael, and he insists upon playing chess with me; and he is really a very bad player, and claims moves which he never made at all. Strange that, in a clergyman of the Church, isn't it ?" Mrs. Usselby was sitting with her hands holding those of her husband, and looking into his eyes with a wifely yearn- ing which sent the tears surging into her eyes. So happy to see him, so grieved to see him in that place. "I have no doubt Mr. Michael will play better when he knows how," said Frank, endeavouring to humour the beloved patient. " One can't always choose one's partner in play or in life." "Ah!" interrupted Ralph, who had been scanning the delicate flowers all the while, and who from gazing at them had come to staring at them. " But these I know these. They were not grown here. Nobody grows flowers like these here. They are my flowers I grew them myself at Usselby at the Grange !" He looked around the room and seemed to shudder in a horrified comprehension. " They do not grow such flowers here," he repeated. "And, he added after a pause, as if a new and unwelcome knowledge sprang upon him on a sudden, " where am IP Why am I here ? What place is this ?" " You had better leave him to us now," said the medical superintendent, who was standing close by. "Say good-bye as briefly as you can, and leave him to us. His memory is coming back, and every moment is fraught with danger." CHAPTER XIX. An early winter had burst upon the country by the Tamar. November had barely numbered its first days when a storm, such as had not been known to the memory of man, crashed over the land, leaving a trial of destruction and desola- tion in its path. Unroofed houses by the dozen, uprooted trees by the hundred, fields and meadows swamped by the deluge, mines flooded everywhere, throughout those parts people told one another the same tale of loss and misery. Shortly after that, the air became breaker and the wind more biting, and snow fell at a period when it had never been known to whiten the hills in warm and cosy Devon. There it laid for days, and the country folk looked at one another in awe at the unaccustomed dreadful visitation. At the Great Griffin Mine the big buildings, the long sheds, the offices, the dressing floors, were empty. No smoke curled from the chimneys. Along the rows of cottages which had been built upon the estate for the miners and their families, pale, anxious faces and knitted brows could be seen at the doorways. Those homes were desolate. The bread- winners, often father, mother, sons and daughters whole families every member of which in the good times had earned a mite towards the general keep, were standing about with idle hands and hungry stomachs. Men. women, boys, and lasses, rolled about in knots, whispering to one another about the dreadful fate which had befallen the neighbourhood. " There's a curse on the land," they all said to one another, " since they drove the Squire and his family out of it. And in their superstitious ignorance they pointed to one man as the cause of their misfortune. They had been so happy before Mark came into the county. Contented homes everywhere plenty of work plenty of food plenty of every clog. And now they were hungry, and their wives and babes were hungry-and hungry men are bad reasoners. Mark would have been stoned and torn limb from limb had he dared to show himself among them. At the Rosemary, the work of sinking the new shafts had been stopped owing to the inclemency of the weather, and the two score or so of men who had been employed temporarily, were discharged. The roads had become impracticable for heavy traffic, and the machinery which Huncoat had imported from Tyne side lay on the bank of the Tamar in the snow and the mad. At the Grange, as everywhere else, the permature winter had wreaked its havoc. Unattended, and insufficiently cared for as the place was, it presented a picture of decay such as the previous owners would barely have dreamed of as possible. But three or four rooms were inhabited in that great house. The rest were silent and empty, like a mortuary of departed fortunes. Nellie kept herself busy in making the place as comfortable as she could for her father, and Huucoat had so far relented as to supply Mark with sums of money much beyond his actual requirements. Of course Huucoat was wise enough in his generation to understand that even a man like Mark would not allow him to play the tyrant ad infinitum. Storms and dead mines told heavily against the balance sheet, but there were the rents of the farms, of the houses, of the cottages, and Mark knew enough of business to be able to order Huncoat no longer to pay these into the account at the bank at Tavistock, which was closed to him by command of the court, but to keep them in the big safe at the mine office where the cash could be used for immediate purposes. Huncoat on his part, had changed his tactics from the moment when he had discovered in Nellie a new and novel attrac- tion. He had relinquished his dictatorial manner, and played the part of the sympathetic and condoling friend to admiration. " I believed that I would be able to hand over a fortune to you, Mr. Usselby," he said, "and it grieves me to find that after all it is a mere pittance. But there -we will get over these bad times. Mark vowed that the times were bad indeed. He had drawn between fifty and sixty pounds a week from Huncoat of late, and with the exception of an odd five pounds here and there, which he grudg- ingly handed to Nellie, every penny of it had gone into the insatiable coffers of one or other of the London outside brokers. " Ah, if I were only in London," he would say to himself. " If I were only able to watch the market from the tape, I'd make a fortune. But I'm tied down here, curse the place. I wish I'd never come back to it, nor ever heard of it again." Huncoat listened to Mark's explana- tions of Stock Exchange figures and facts with a surprising patience and grim enjoy- ment. He was undecided whether or not it were wiser to have Mark in Devonshire or to send him back to London, and he pretended quite to understand the mysterious working of the system by which Mark hoped to transform a ten pound note into a mill in the space of a few months. There was the little " of " which invariably came in at the wrong time and prevented the sudden advent of wealth. Mark was always just a quarter of an hear too late to take advantage of the turn of the market. At least so the stock and share dealers assured him- and, of course, stock and share dealers always speak the truth. When Mark was still in London, Nellie had seldom been allowed to sit with him, even on Sunday evenings. His papers were always spread out all over the room, and she now and then moved and disturb- ed them, and he hated having his papers touched by anybody or anything. But when the evenings became darker and longer he felt lonely in his great room, and an uncomfortable feeling of uncanny vicinity settled itself about him. He was a nervous man, and terribly afraid of ghosts. Therefore, one evening when Nellie had placed his whisky and water on the table and was about to leave the room, he addressed her as gruffly as usual. "And where are you going to now please ?" "Back to the housekeeper's room, father, the girl answered. " That's just like you," he retorted. " You don't care how lonely I am, and how miserable." Nellie turned. " Why, what do you wish me to do ?" she asked in surprise. He straightened himself up in his chair with an air of outraged dignity. " If you had any appreciation of what are the duties of a daughter," he said, " you would sit here with me instead of idling elsewhere." " I am never idle, father dear," remonstrated Nellie, " and," she added with a slight break in her voice. " I shall be very glad to sit here with you, I did not know that I might do so." "You know it now," he answered. And the girl, doubting whether to feel glad or sorry, went out and brought her sewing, and sat down at the farthest end of the table happy to be for ever so short a time so near her hero her father. " He is very harsh sometimes," she said to herself, " and very unjust, but then he does not mean to be unkind ; I'm sure he doesn't." (To be continued on Friday.) I 