ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. LORD KINTORE UNVEILS A WINDOW. Sunday being within the octave of the feast of St. Peter, special services were held at the Cathedral, North Adelaide. A choral cele- <*> bration took place in the morning, when the Bishop of Adelaide preached an appropriate were Stainer'a in E flat and A. In the afternoon a festival service was coa dncted. The building was crowded, many being unable In Kain <tfltn^tte>-'mT*?. The pce aentor (die Her. W. S. MOrie) officiated, and there were present the bishop and Scan Marryat. His Excellency tme Governor, who was aooomrwiiied by Major Se brigbt, A.D.C., Major Crane, and Gap tain Milner (private secretary) also attended. After a shortened evensong a prooeecaon was formed of cbonsteE?* the pceoGntor (cactyi&g; the episcopal staff), the dean, the bishop, Iknd Kintore, Major Crane, and Major Sebrigbx, down the centre of (he church, and^aa&ed; to the eastern aisle, where his 'Excellency was ■sited by Bishop Ksnnion to unveil the new stained glass window, which is the gift of an anonymous donor. His Ekcxllesct aid—To the greater glory of God, and in memory of St. Edward, Con- , feesor. King of England, and founder of nbe Abbey Church of St. Peter, Westminster, I nn veil this window in tibe same of tbe flfetiiCF and of the Sop and of tie Holy Ghost Amen. The curtain was drawn, revealing an artistically worked window, which was conse crated by the bishop, and toe procession wooded its way back to the eanctnary. Toe musical portion of die cervioe was excellent. There was a large and augmented choir, which, was heard to the greatest advantage in the canticles, anthems, and processional hymns. Mr. J. M. Dunn conducted, Mr. Otto presided at the organ, and Mr. Lumsden at the piano. The beauty of the compositions was consider ably enbs&oed; by die* accompaniment of nine violins, five wind insbnunents, and tymrjanL The effect was splendid and while in the " Hallelujah chorus" from the ** Messiah*1 the violins and drams were heard more oon?pien> ously in toe recessional hymn, "For ail the saints," the iwaga instxmxient& m&e; abovQ the others and harmonised excellently. In the erenisg Arohdeaoon Dove preachtd toe large congregation. At the close of the service presentations were made to two of the young choristers by the elder members of the choir for good-be havior and general improvement. The prizes were handed over by the bishop, and the reci pients were on the Decani side Master N. M. ff^^fc. And oo the Cantoris Bide Bttaster Densil HUL It is proooeed to make this presentation annually on St. Peter's Day. 