Literary News, Notes, etc. i A tale of the Australian buah has been ?commenced by Mr. Gk A. Henty, the well bnowa boys' writer. The title is A Desperate 6r%ng, and sufficiently explains the theme. Mr. Harry FurniBS, having definitely re j? j £ ? it. _ _i._rc . r ~n ? ji. A Xirea iruui luo oluu ui jrattun w ou«k a«u il i astpate bis new paper, the ' Diary of Toby, M P.,' is now illustrated by Mr. E. T. Reed, whose ' Prehistoric Peeps' have lately been amusing the readers o£ Punch. Mr. Reed is the ton of Sir E. J. Reed, M P. The Daily News understands that Mr. Gladstone finished his translation of Horace's Odes into English verse on the day that hiB resignation took effect. The late Mr. R. M. Ballantyne had the most cordial relatione with his printers, Messrs. Constable and Co., and, unlike many AutborB, 'rather courted suggestions from their proofreaders. One of the latter on one occa sion thought a captain in a book of Mr. B'lllantyno's was unduly hilarious, and asked on the margin of the proof whether he did not ''smile' too often. When tbe proof cauie back the text was altered considerably, and Mr. Ballantyne wrote, ' He shall never smile again.' A paper in Temple Par for March on ' Oxford versus Cambridge,' comparing the respective claims of each University to have sent into the world men whose names are, in the quaint words of Spencer, On Famc'fl eternal beadroll worthy to be filed, decides that : — ' Oxford holds the first in literature, history, and (perhaps) (statesman ship'; and Cambridge, in poetry, divinity, ?fiction, and science. Or to pass from the abstract to the concrete, from the class to the individual, and limiting the comparison to 12 names from each University, Oxford is represented by Wicklif, Wolsey, Raleigh, Hampden, Chatham, Addison, Johneon, Adam Smith, Gibbon, Sheely, Newman, and Matthew Arnold ; and Cambridge by Milton, Bacon, Cromwell, Jeremy Taylor, Newton, Darwin, Spenser, Byron, Wordsworth, Pitt, Macaulay, and Thackeray.' Disease and Racc, partly from a medical and .partly from an economical point of view, is the title of a new work which Messrs. Sonnen Bchein are to publish anonymously. Among the curious manuscripts of the Child Collection, which the recent death of the collector has drawn attention to, iB a let'er from Coleridge, expressing his readiness to go to London if he could be aBBared of receiving a guinea a week. There is also the following letter from Nathaniel Hawthorne, written in a copy of the first edition of The Scarlet Letter ' ' My Dear Sir, — Perhaps it may in tereat you to know that The Seirlet Letter (your favourable opinion of which gratifies me much) is thus far founded on fact, that such a symbol wa« actually worn by at least one woman in tbe early times of New England. 'Whether this person resembled Hester Prynne in aov other circumstances of her character 1 cannot Bay ; nor whether tbitf mode of igno minious punishment was brought from beyond the. Atlantic or originated with the New Eng land .Puritans. At any rate, the idea was bo worthy of them that I am piously inclined to allow them all the credit of it. — Respectfully. Nathi. Hawthoene.' Messrs. Sampson Low and Co. announce for publication in the spring ' Federal Bri tain : or Unity and Federation of tbe Empire,' by Mr. 3?. P. de Labilliere, F.R.C.I., and author of ' The Early History of the Colony of 'Victoria.' Special chapters have been written for the work by Sir George S. Clarke, R.E., K.C.M.G., and others. The Letters of Harriet Oountess Granville, 181 0-45, contain some plain clever sketches and pleasant gossip about persons who were notable in the early part of the 19th century. Here is a bit about Caroline Lamb, who was infatuated with Byron, and afterwards with other heroes : — ' Nothing is ajissant but Caroline in a purple riding habit, tormenting everybody, but 1 am convinced ready primed for an attack upon the Duke of Wellington, and I have no doubt but that she will to a certain extent succeed, as no dose of flattery is too strong for him to swallow or her to ad minister. Poor William (Lamb) hides in one small room, while she assembles lover. and tradespeople in another. She lookB worn to tbe bone. She arrived dying by her own ac . count, having had French apothecaries at most of the towns through which she passed. She sent here immediately for a doctor, bat by mistake they went for the Duke of Wel lington.' There is an apt sketch of Lord Tar mouth, one of the original of Thackeray's Marquis of Steyne : — ' Lord Yarmouth has taken to good company and appears at tbe drums and balls. He is the greatest pity that ever was. Such powers of being delight ful and captivating, grandes manieres, talentB of all kinds, finesse d' esprit, all spent in small base coin. He walks amongst us like a fallen angel, higher and lower than all of us put to gether.' The diary of the Shah of Persia, written in Persian, has been published . in Teheran. From the description of the book by Professor Tambery in the Nineteenth Oentury, the Shah appears to have been a most minute observer of persons and places, and an extremely pains taking writer. His first meeting with the 'Queen at Windsor he described aa follows : Her Majesty the Queen, surrounded by her daughters and by the ladies in waiting, received me at the hottom of the staircase. She wore a black dress, and had a black stick in her hand, and had also put jewels on. After alighting from the carriage, I ap proached and tendered her my hand, which she seized and leading me upstairs we passed through a gallery and a large hall adorned with fine pictures to a room which I had seen sixteen years before. Here we took a seat, and conversed for some time. After the in troduction of Prince and Princess Christian, Princess Beatrice and Prince Battenberg, and Lord Salivbury, I noticed in the retinue two ot three Hindustanis, dressed after the fashion of India and speaking Persian. Her Majesty remarked, ' I have ordered them from India ; they are teaching me tbe Urdu language.' On rising the Queen gave me a nosegay, and leading me again to the staircase, I took leave of her Majesty.' In addition to his expe rience at Court, the Shah gives a detailed and lengthy account of various towns in England and Scotland, and of many mansions and ?country houses of English and Scottish noble men. Indeed the Shah's diary is the most ?comprehensive guide-book to English aristo cratic, social, and industrial life. The Modem Review for February contains, among the, other articles, a charming essay on ?' Bt auty,' by Arthur Lynch, Its conclusion deserves to be quoted ' And of love the symbol is beauty. There is a beauty that subdues andentrances.tbat s weeps away resist ances, that ia a better thing than all the / previous life, that is, as Keats colls it, 1 tb« chief intensity,' ' the orbed drop of light.' And to have felt this is to awake within the mind a wonderful music as of sweet bells, to which our thoughts move huppily, and to look out upon tbe broad earth and find it bloom anew like an endless garden. Aud a beauti ful woman knowB this, and knowB her power. And if she be truly intelligent, then wben others have charmed the sense there is one that seizes the heart and wins tbe soul. Aud when we raise our eyes to the whole world of beauty that opens out to ua and displays its treasures according to the elevation of our minds, there iB a higher life in that long, deep breathing wonder in which ourBenseoand our thoughts and all our rising impulses are blended,' The concluding part of the editor's article on ' Coleridge' is also well worth reading. To the question, ' What, then, does the name of Coleridge finally represent to us in literature ?' ' Principally,' replieB Mr. Robertson, ' we must say, a handful of poetry with a singular charm ; an abnormal product of an abnormal nature under abnormal con ditions.' Mr. Rudyard Kipling, in hia The Last Rhyme of True Thomas, which oppeared recently leaves the sea for awhile and singa of the poet. He evidently views with little favour the granting of mere mundane titles to liter ary men. He takes as hia text a passage of a paper complaining of tbe injustice done to literature in that its leaders are not even knighted, while prominent savants, lawyers, artists, and engineers win ennoblement by the Crown. The King of Scotland seeks True Thomas, the Minsteel, to dub him 'a belted Knight, and all for the songs he made.' The old harper spurnB the honour : — ' And what should X do wi' blazon and belt— Wi' keep and hold and seizin and fee— And what should I do wi' page and squire That am a King in my own countrie ? ' For I send East and I send West, And I send lar as my will may flee, By dawn and dusk and the drinking rain, And syne my sendings return to me. ' They come wi' news o' the groanin' earth, They come wi' news o' the roarin' sea, Wi' word o' Spirit and Ghost and Flesh, And Man, this is between the Tbree. Then after humbling the King, True ThomaB mokea for him the ' triple song,' until the King is as a child in his hands. The ballad ends thus finely : — ' Sleep ye or wake.' True Thomas said, ' That eit so still, that muse so long, Sleep ye or wake— till the sleep o' death X trow ye'U not forget my song. ' I ha' harpit ye down to the benges o' Hell And up to the throne o' God most hie ; I ha' darkened your soul wi' tbe Lust o' Blood, And— ye— wod— make— a Knight o' me I' 