811E SHINES ME DOWN. It is impossible to be long in the atmos phere of a peaceloving, kind-hearted, gracious.mannered, sweet-faced woman, with out some of thle peacefulness, kindness, graciousness and sweetness getting absorbed into those who are about her. Mrs. Saltoun has given thie woman, who was so forlorn when she came. love, and this not because there is any thing particularly loveable about Miss Finlay, but because Gwendoline felt that poor Georgie needed it, and because the woman whose life is one perpetual round of loving and being loved, knows that it as essential to humanity as the sun is to the flowers. So on this occasion Georgie looks so sur prisingly well that the Miss Letchfords are not quite so much surprised at their father's choice as they previously felt, and are in much greater dread for him. It all goes off very much as he has. hoped and they have feared that it would. Captain Letchford does take Miss Finlay down and does find that covetted opportunity of squeezing Georgie's hand under the friendly cover of the cloth. More than this, he takes advantage of a blessed minute of universal gabble, when be feels that even the eyes of his own offspring are directed elsewhere, to whisper : 'I have fsomething to say to you which I must say to you to-morrow if you'll let me, you little fascinating gipsy ?' Certainly,.Captain Letchford,' the youog lady replies, demurely, subduing her inclin ation to smile. She knows she is not 'little;' lumpy is rather what she would be inclined to desig nate her own proportions, did she find them in another person. And she has a suspicion that her 'beauty, though it may be off a high order, is not Sexactly gipsy-like.' However, Captain Letchf.rd gains her permission to -' call to-morrow.' CHAPTER XLIII. IT is little Archie Saltoun's seventh birth day, and high festival is being held at Friars Court. A mighty pavilion has been erected on the lawn, and under its shade tables stretch their length from end to end, laid with covers for the entertainment of upwards of lour hundred guests, and elaborately decked with flowers and the fine old early English Saltoun plate. It seems as if all the nobility and gentry of the West England had been called together to do honour to some little prince," Mr. Cadogan says to his wife--:he lady has heretofore figured as "Miss Classon" in these pages. 'Idiotic fuss Saltoun makes about his boy, to be sure." 'Yes; pride will have a fall, we're told,' Mrs. Cadogan replies, firmly believing that she is quoting correctly Irom scripture, and thus satisfying her ill-nature, as it were. ' Most likely this child will grow up a disso lute reprobate as a punishment for his father's and mother'svwicked idolatry of him.' 'Look at Mrs. Letchford scanning me and trying to look as if she didn't see me,' Cadogan laughs, ponting out to the observation of his wife the late Miss Finlay, who hIas, since we left her at the Saltoun's little dinner, accep ted the small promotion offered her by the gallant naval officer whom we last saw playing the part of bereaved widower. Scanning you, indeed, she's scanning my dress, and hating me as Georgie Finlaey can hate any woman who looks nicer than her setf for being itble to afford it ! Ah ! if ever .i?l has been punished directly from above iai"unfilial conduct, it's you, my lady.' Mrs. Cadogan speaks her mind to the un conscious Georgie in such unctiously spite ful tones that even the utterly and irredeem ably selfish creature she calls her husband is disgusted with her. p,-Don'tgloat over the poor wretch's ill l.'t perpetually, Sarah; you did her out of her tbirthright, isn't that enough for~you ?' *Did her out of it, indeed I you've led such a cheating life yourself that you can't believe that a stroke of good-luck ever befals an honest person,' Mrs. Cadogan says indig nantly. And just for the moment further recrimination is put an end to by a call for *silence,'as the little heir's health is to be drunk with all the honours. Archie's health tis proposed in brief, grace ful language by the Earl of Ellerdale, the Lord Lieutenant of the County. Iu a few well-chosen words the heartiest good wishes for the future welfare of the boy whose father is so brave, honourable and popular-whose mother is so worthy of her lord and of her proud place among them are expressed. Cheers rise in the air. Little Archie, mounted on his father's shoulder, laughs with exultant, childish, in fectious glee at the joyful noise he is already making in the world, and bows his bright head in gladsome acknowledgment of the homage that is being rendered t..him. Mr. Saltoun in the middle of a speech tull of heart-felt thanks for the honours paid to his boy when a servant hands him a letter, Hecloses his speech rather abruptly, for something in the servant's words, ' From a lady, sir,'.strikes a chill to his heart, and in the minute after the close of his speech he has mastered'the contents of the inoppor tunely delivered missive. They are as follows : 'Come to me without delay at the 'Saltoun Arms,' I can give you all the information you desire about your wife Gladys. ' BRrITOW.' He hates to gd, but he dare not stay. Feeling and taste make him loath the idea of having this ghost resuscitated on this of all days in the year. But something stronger than feeling and taste compel him to go. SWhispering a few words of explanation to his wife, add muttering to the guests in his immediate vicinity something to the effecttbat ' business that soon can be disposed of calls him away for a few minutes,' Mr. Saltoun makes bis way very rapidly down to the chief inn of Hessleton, the sign-board of which has blazoned on it his own family name. The landlord, who is an old Friars Court butler, and his wife, who is an old Friars Court cook, meet him at the entrance. There is an expression in the faces of both which differs widely from the universal looks of affectionate, sympathising pride, which have greeted him hitherto on this the seventh anniversary cf the birthday of his heir. But he will not regard their lugubrious ex pression of countenance--he will not allow liimself to be depressed, or in any way affected by it, His words and tones ring out as cheerily as if there were no foreshadowings of gloom in his mind. SWhat is this, Watkins ? You ought to be upat the Court drinking Master Archie's health with the rest of them ?' he says as he pauses a minute in the passage. 'Business must be attended to, sir, but Master Archie hasn't had his health and happi ness drunk by anyone to-day more hrartily than by my missus and me.' There is a deeper melancholy in the man's tones than in his face even., Arch Saltoun feelsaggrieved and impatient and with a curt:; 'Well, leave tie busindss to the evening, and make your way up to the Court; there will be supper for all hands in the hall,' he lays his hand on the handle of the door of the parlour, and is about to enter when Watkins hl'sitatingly intercepts him. saying: ' Beg pardon, sir, but it's a terrible trial you're going to face, Mr. Saltoun. Heaven bless you and support you through it.' Then without another word, without any further preparation, with the roaring of guns, and the cheering of the people in some fresh burst of enthusiasm tor hIris boy ringing in his ears, Arch Saltoun opens the door and sees-Gladys ! Gladys, as beautiful and bewitching, and to all appearances as yotng and uncareworn as when first he saw her on that fatal day at Torquay, so many years ago. Gladys I alive and well with nothing about her to warrant the possibility of his indulging for one moment in the fallacious hope that her appearance is a mere chimera of his brain. He stands regarding her in motionless and speechless agony for a while. One of the most exquisitely torturing sensations that he is called upon to endure in this hour that is so fraurght wi:h them is this, that he re members vividly how he loved and mourned the loss of this woman once, and how the sight of her alive, looking exactly as she had looked when he loved her most, is to him as if the pains of Hades had got hold of him. The sight of her means ruin to the good wife whom he loves and honours; means destruction to the son whom he adores ! It is no wonder that presently the strong man reels and totters into the first seat that offers itself, and falls to weeping as weakly, as hopelessly as the most wretched woman has ever wept in this vale of tears. 'Arch i listen to me 1' Her voice falls distinctly on his ear I Is it possible that this can be the voice of Gladys? Her tones are full oftender, gentle, sym pathetic inftections. Has Gladys a heart ? Can it really be that she feels no remorse for the ruin and woe, the destruction and dishonour which her wayward, wilful, wicked conduct has wrought ? Once more, even while he is asking him self these questions, her voice breaks the stillness. 'I am worse than you once believed me, Arch, but I am not such an utterly bad woman as you believe me now. Can you listen ? Can you understand and believe that I have come back to destroy and degrade anyone but myself?' She holds her hands out imploringly to him as she speaks, and all his heart is with her-all his agony is for another woman. He cannot give the one whom he regards as a guilty suppliant the reassuring clasp for which she craves. His crown of glory will be tarnished through her means. His boy will be made baseborn ! He can not touch her hand in friendship. He can hold no terms with the vile, wicked Fate who has blighted his honour and his life. All these, and a dozen more sentiments that are angrily opposed to her, are expressed in the bearing and face of the man who once held her to heart, and gave her the proud title of wife. Still, though she is anguished by reading them, apparently, she will not retreat-she will not be repulsed. She has her own work to do, she reminds lierself, and she will do it in her own way. SYou need not recoil from me,' she says. gently. 'I have come back to undo all the evil I may ever have done you, and when you bear how innocently I did that evil, perhaps you will think less badly and bardly of me.' 'Speak quickly,' he groans; 'going round the subject won't make the saying easier to you, or the hearing lesshborrible to me.' ' How you hate me !' she murmurs ;' you hate as blindly and unreasonably as you once loved; well, I will be as brief as you wish me to be. Arch Saltoun, for your sake, for the sake of lifting the light cloud that still oversbadows my sister Gwendoline's bright life, I have come back to put my own neck in the noose again, and claim my husband 1' She ceases speaking, and looks steadily at him with such unutterable sadness in her eyes, that if he were not pitying himself and others so much, he could find it in his heart to pity her. It is only by a strong effort that be can re frain from anathematising her-this woman who has been the bane and blight of .all whom he holds most dear and precious, Shereads correctly every motion that is written so legibly on his face, and she can bear his contempt, distrust and hatred no loneer. 'I,have dome back to a life of misery and pain for the sake of all whom you hold dear est. I have come back to ring out the false, and ring in the true, to place mysell once more in the power of a bad, selfish man, and to cover myself with shame aud ignominy. The busband I have come back to claim is the man who calls himself ' Cadogan,' and wbo is in reality Charles Cardigan, the husband I believed to be dead when I married you; the wretch whose reappearance drove me to leave you; the coward who all his life has traded on women's tenderness and fears, and who shall now pay the penalty of his base ness by being scouted and scorned, and left penniless,' She pours.out her words fluently and fiercely, and Arch can listen to them now, for theytell him of a future of peace and happiness. At last he can speak kind words to her, at. last be can feel gratefutl to her for tbe effort she is going to make to lift the lightest shadow of a cloud from the sunny sky of life that canopies Gwendoline and his children, And so sometimes with angry, ardent baste, sometimes slowly, sadly anrd falteringly Gladys tells, and he listens to the story of her life, He bears of the headstrong, miserable in fatuation for the man whose marriage with her was opposed by her whole family. He hears of the long-drawn out misery of that union until it pleased Cardigan to go away and raise a report of his own death -wbich happy fact che believed to be so well authenticeted that, as we have seen, she, after many doubts and fears, consented to marry Arch Saltoure. He hears the incident of their meeting on the road that day when Vengeance, the dog, recognised as fully and unhesitatingly as she did herself the old lord and master-the ty rant of their lives. He hears of Briton's opportune death, and of the insane desire to rid him of herself at any price, which prompted Gladys to the course which left him free as he ima-ined. He hears a tale of such rascality on the part df Cardigan as would furnish him with materials for halt a dozen novels, if he were a sensation novelist. And lastly be hears that Gladysc in her anxiety to make all things clear for himself and his wife and children-' in order,' as he says, 'to make what reparation she can, to to offer such atonement as she may, for all the faults and follies of her early youth,' has already put her case in the hands of a lawyer for the sake of showing openly to all the world that Arch Saltoun's marriage with her was never a marriage at all, by reason. of her previous marriage with Cardigan who is still living. Thl'bere is by-and-bye a passionately painful, tender meeting between the two sistere, whose life paths have been so strangely divergent, and yet have so singularly crossed each other. And there is a passionately painful meet. ing untouched by any trace of tenderness between the real husband and wife-Cardi gan and Gladys-belore the former is de livered up to the justice which is to avenge the laws he has broken and outraged. How many women have reason to Iate him is never clearly ascertained. Lady Ellerdale for instance, abstains from openly denouncing him, and contents her self with doing it in the recesses of her own soul, though no one knows better than her ladyship what cause she has to be thankful that be was legally bound before even he crossed her lifepalh. As for Miss Classon, the poor wretch has had cause to rue her alliance with him in every way, for no sooner has it been defi nitely decided that she having no claim to the title of his wife, he has no claim on the money she brought him, than he surrenders into proper hands a later will than the one by which Miss Classon has temporarily bene fitted, by which Lady Fitzslater vindicates her maternity, and leaves everything she possesses to her long defrauded daughter. So the wicked cease to flaurish in these pages, and Gladys, leaving the good to their own happy devices at Friar's Court goes away on her previous path alone, but bles sing and being blessed at last by those to whom she is nearest and has been dearest. [THE END] 