CURRENT TOPICS. AN IMPORTED RAar.-By the steamer Pukaki, which arrived from Sydney on Sunday, Mr A. R. Thirkell, of Retreat, Deloraine, imported the pure Lincoln ram Tommy, which he purchased at the recent Sydney sheep sales. The ram was bred by Mr S. Wiseman, of Cliffdale, Wingero, and from the will- known Dudding flock, Lin- colnshire. England. He was the only New South Wales owned ram sold at Sydney by Messrs J. H. Geddes and Co. Tommy was lambed in October, 1802, and is four-tooth. His sire is The Hermit, by Lord Gains- borough, by Old Brauxton out of stud ewe Grace Darling, by Caswell out of stud ewe. The Hermit, shown in England, took first prize Thorne, first at Nottingham ; shown in New South Wales, special prize Sydney, first Muswellbrook, Gunnedah, and Singleton. Lord Gainsborough, as a two-year-old, took all first prizes at all the leading shows in England. Tommy took first prize at Gunnedah and Muswellbrook (N.S.W.), and was shorn in August last year. CIVIL SERVICE CHANGES.—Mr A. Reid has handed over the control of the Crown Lands Department as Deputy-Commis- sioner to Mr E. A. Counsel, and will retire on his pension. Mr Counsel will also dis- charge superintending duties in connec- tion with the Survey Department. Mr H. Boyer, the controller of the Money Order branch of the Post-office and Actuary of the Savings Bank, has retired, being suc- ceeded by Mr H. V. Bayly, who will dis- charge these duties as well as those of Postmaster. In the Telegraph Department the first officer will be Mr J. J. M'Donald, who will perform Mr R. Henry's duties in addition to those he at present discharges. SOUTH LAUNCESTON STATE SCHOOL. Mr J. G. Shield, Inspector of Works, arrived from Hobart yesterday, and during the afternoon inspected the new Launceston state school now in course of erection. The progress of the work has been somewhat delayed owing to the fact that the stone used has to be procured from Oatlands. Mr Shield also inspected the General Hospital, where some very necessary improvements are being carried out. KELSO BAY.—The Launceston Chamber of Commerce has issued the following circular to the merchants of Launceston: —"In connection with the direct importa- tion by steamer to Kelso Bay scheme, which has now been fully placed before the public, it will be desirable to assure steamboat companies accepting cargo for this route that lighters will be in readiness to receive same on arrival of steamer in the bay. To meet this it has been ar- ranged to take over two very suitable and good lighters, of a capacity of about 500 tons each, at an annual rental of £50 for the two. To adapt and fit out these for the trade an expenditure of not more than £450 will be needed, which sum it is proposed to guarantee by notes of hand, payable at 12 months, with the distinct understanding that, save and except the first year's rent, no money will be spent unless the shipping of goods in the way anticipated actually takes place. The syndicate giving the guarantee will not, therefore, incur more than nominal respon- sibility in the event of the scheme failing at the outset, while the success of the movement, which now seems well assured, must result in immense advantage to the commercial interests of Launceston, and of Northern Tasmania generally. The com- mittee appointed by the Chamber of Com- merce to place the matter before you does so with much confidence, and I am directed to ask you to be good enough to indicate to what extent you are willing to join in the guarantee." EXPORT OF SHEEP.—Mr G. L. Meredith, secretary of the Tasmanian Longwoolled Sheepbreeders' Association, will ship to Melbourne about the 26th inst. 500 pure longwoolled sheep, principally Lincolns. The shipnent will comprise rams and ewes, ann will be forwarded to Narandera, where they will be offered for sale by the Pastoral and Agricultural Association, who bold their annual sale of cattle and sheep on Wednesday and Thursdwy, August 1 and 2\. There will only be a few Leicesters and Shropshires shipped, but it may be of interest to note that the latter class of sheep are finding much popularity in Sydney, and at the recent sheep fair the Tasmanian Shropehires attracted much attention. The Shropshires that are to be shipped to Narandera are expected to com- mand good notice from intercolonial pur- chasers, as the last shipment to that place gave satisfaction. ELECT Goon MEN.-The National Asso- ciation of New South Wales in view of the coming election has issued a manifesto which contains acme trenchant truths equally applicable to Tasmania as to the mother colony. On the present condition of affairs the document says:- In the abseuce of a proper system of local govern ment, Parliament has become very largely a great Parish Council, dealing with local petty concerns. There aas been a public scramble for money for local works, and many members have been elected for their log-rolling capacity, in preference to others of higher attainments. Thus there has grown up a system of public immorality; the people have lost their independence, and look to the central Government for all their requirements; and gross extrava gance and undue public borrowing have resulted. During late years many men of shallow capacity, but who are ready of speech, have, by. pandering to every popular cry, occupied a prominent place in our public affairs. The numbers'and in- fluence of this class of politicians have been increased by the system of payment of members. At the last election many candidates were returned at a salary of X.300 a year wha would not be trusted by the electors with the conduct of their most trivial private affairs. The result has been long, wearisome, and personal debates upon every petty subject, while necessary legislation has been blocked." The asso- ciation has taken as its motto the words " Elect good men." ALL AT SEA.-When a landlubber sets himself to deal with matters nautical he is very apt to get somewhat out of his course and steer his frail bark on to some un- charted rock concealed in the peculi- arities of nautical phraseology. This fate befel the genial police clerk yesterday while reading over the evidence of one of the witnesses at the Court of Marine Enquiry which was held in reference to the recent wreck of the brigantine In- diana in Bass Straits. He was sailing along at a spanking rate with all canvas set, when suddenly he announced the course of the Indiana t3 have been " east- north- west." A titter ran round those present, but the clerk smartly downed his helm and got on the other tack, giving the course as "east-s.uth-west." This con- vulsed the court, and after labouring heavily for some time the clerk was swung and had his compasses adjusted, when the true course was found to be east-south- east. The incident served to put everyone in a good humour after listening to a somewhat wearisome case. TASMANIAN TIMBER--By the steamer Pateens, which lett for Melbourne yester- day, Mes8rs Hinman and Wright, timber merchants of this city, shioped 135 pieces of blackwood, measuring 7000 super. feet, valued at X50, which is to be transhipped at Melbourne into the White Star Aber- deen liner Australasian for Cape Town. The timber, which has been selected from different parts of Northern Tasmania, is very sound, and has been forwarded as a trial shipment, and it is to be hoped it will give good results. The Australasian leaves Mielbourneon the 21st inst. MATRICULATION EXAMINATION. - The special matriculation examination, sanc- tioned by the Council of the University of Tasmania to meet the case of students who would be debarred from entering for the degree examination in December next by not having had an opportunity this year for passing such an examination, will be commenced to-day. ST. OSWALD'S.— A social will be held this evening in St. Oswald's church, Tre- vallvn, to welcome his Lordship the Bishop to Lauuceston. A programme of vocal and instrumentral music and recitations will be gone through, and an address will be given by the Bishop. Refreshments will be provided. As it will be moonlight a larg attndance is expected. ENGLISH MAILS.-The mails up to June 14 ex R M.S. Australia were delivered in Melbourne yesterday morning. The Tas- manian portion will leave there to-day per steamer Pateena, and arrive here to-morrow morning. FOLEY, THE FUN MAKER.— Lovers of fun are reminded that Foley, the " fun maker," whose programme of miscellaneous eccen- tricities and humourous oddities has given satisfaction on many occasions to large audiences, will appear at Lefroy this even- ing, at Beaconsfield to-morrow and the following evenings, and at the Academy of Music on the 23rd inst. LAUNCESTON RIFLES.— A march out of the Launceston Rifles will be held this evening. The dress is drill order with glengarries, leggings, and great coats, to be rolled. The officer commanding the Rifles would like to sea a good muster on this occasion, and the band will attend. WEATHER -A very thick fog and sharp frost prevailed in the city yesterday morn ing, and it was half-past eleven o'clock before the former cleared up. Fine clear weather succeeded the frost and fog, but both the latter made their appearance again at night. There was a large quantity of snow on the mountains. The forecast for to-day is-" Unsettled, showery, squally, wilh strong to fresh west and south-west winds and rough sea in the Straits" At 9 a.m. yesterday the following rainfall was registered at the stations named :-Stanley 80 points, H.-bart 9, Falmcuth 7, Sonthport 50, Remine 89, Corinna 140, Tamar Heads 22, Gould's Country 123, Waratah 140, Oatlands 10, Tamar Heads 22. Our Hobart correspondent telegraphed last night :-Heavy rain set in last night, and continued at intervals throughout the day. INVERMSAY WESLEYAN CHURCH.- A lecture on behalf of the church fund was given last night by the Rev. W. Shaw on "An old Yorkshire celebrity, Abe Lock Swood," a Methodist local preacher of the old Fchool. Speaking in the Yorkshire dialect, the lecturer gave a history of the Yorkshire of the beginning of the century, and the life and work of " Abe " among his own neighbours. A number of selections from his sayings and sermons, full of quaintness and point, were given in the Yorkshire vernacular by the lecturer. Mr George Hills occupied the chair. The choir sang several selections under the conductor ship of Mr Lamb, Mr Chalk acting as organist. The attendance was numerous, and the lecturer's remarks were listened to with close attention throughout, the theme of his oration being evidently one with which he was thoroughly conversant. TECHNICAL SCHOOL -An address has been presented to the chairman, Mr P. Barrett, M.H.A., for the committee of the Launceston Technical School by the in- structors of the school on the occasion of the impending changes in the managrement of the institution. It states-" We, the instructors of the Launceston Technical School, hearing of the intention of the Government to make a change in the management of the Technical Schools, desire to record our deep sense of the able manner in which the Launceston school has been managed by the committee in the past, and to express our appreciation of the very cordial relations which have always existed between the committee and our- selves, to which we cannot but ascribe the great and unqualified success of the Echool. We trust that although you are about to retire from the active management of the school you will still retain an interest in an institution whi:h is calculated to do so much good, and which under your foster- ing care has grown in confidence with the students and in popularity with the general public." ST. AiDAN's.-An entertainment was held in St. Aiden's school last evening, when there was a good attendance. The programme comprised glees, limelight views, and ventriloquism by Mr F. Spots wood, which caused much amusement. The lantern views, which were in the hands of Mr J. Sparrow, were very much admired. BIJOU THEATRE.-A good audience assembled at the Bijou Theatre last night. when the Empire Company repeated their programme of Saturday night, which will be given again to-night for the last time. A new programme of the latest London and American novelties will be put on for the remainder of the week, with another change for Saturday night. The usual matinee will be given on Saturday afternoon, when a programme to amuse the children will be submitted. UNIVERSITY LECTURES. - Dr. Brown, lecturer in law and history for the Uni- versity of Tasmania, gave a lecture at the Mechanics' Institute last evening on the subject *The age of the Stuarts"-intel- lectual tendency towards rationalism. "The lecturer drew a distinction between the men who guided the movement towards rationalism and the spirit of the age which produced the movement, and gave Luther and his Reformation as antillustration. In the course of human progress the love of knowledge and wealth were the two main agents. The chief causes of the develop- ment of the tendency towards rationalism were shown by (1) the discovery of America and the astronomical discoveries of Copernicus, Galilco, and Kepler; (2) the Retormation and the Baronian philosophy, which was based upon observation and experiment; (3) the m.vement as exem- plified by the writings of Hogg, the founda- tion of the rule of society, and the broad church movement in theology. As evi- dences of this movement the lecturer instanced the system of morals introduced by Grotius as opposed to the casuistry of the middle ages, the freeing of politics from old ideas of Divine rights, and the decline of superstition. RAILWAY ARRANGEMENTs.-The morning train leaving St. Mary's at 7'30 a.m. on Thursday will run through to Launceston as a cheap excursion train, passing stations at the usual time. On the return journey the train leaves Launceston at 5 20 p.m. Tickets will also be available up to follow- ing Saturday. The train usually leaving Conara Junction for St. Mary's at 10 55 a.m. will be delayed until 12.40 p.m. to connect with Main Line express, and the usual 1 p.m. train will be detained until 7 30 p.m. The train usually leaving St. Mary's for Conara Junction at 2.25 p.m. will be detained until 3.25 p.m., connect- ing with the Main Line ordinary train as usual. The Main Line express leaves Launceston to-day at a quarter to 12 in- stead of at 2 p.m. BusRNE.-" Burnie Notes" writes on Sunday :-The Ulverstone Brass Band put in an appearance notwithstanding the very wet morning, but the concert by the Ulver stone and Burnie bands that was to have been held on the Sports Ground had to be abandoned owing to a good number of the local bandsmen not putting in an appear ance, no doubt owing to the very inclement state of the weather, some of the leading players living at a distance of some miles from Burnie. However, as the visitors had arrived they determined to have some music, and marching from Farrell's Hotel a halt was made in front of Mr W. Jones's establishment, and as the weather had cleared up there was a numerous assem blage congregated. A most enjoyable pro. gramme was gone through, and the music was highly appreciated by those present. Bandmaster M'Laren wielded the baton, and the performance of the band testified to the pains he had taken to bring it into its present state of efficiency.-After having very rough and wet weather for the last few days there is a prospect of a welcome change, this morning having broken beau tifully fine, and the sun is now shining gloriously. LONGFORD.-Our correspondent "Long. ford Notes" writes on Monday :-The Warden and Mr A. Woitfeld, J.P., pre sided at the police court this morning. Alexander Edward Kunz, of Perth, aged 23, was, upon the medical certifiiate of Dr. Haines, ordered to be sent to the Hospital for the Isane at NewNorfolk.-Pastor H. G. Blackie, of Albert Park and South Melbourne Baptist Churches, Victoria, conducted morning and evening services at the local Tabernacle yesterday. MINITsERnIA TnouBLE. -In theAssembly on Friday evening Mr Hartnoll charac terised Mr Pillinger, the Minister of Lands and Works, as a man " brimming over with the milk of human kindness," but the bon. gentleiran is likely (states the Mer. curi') to have most of it considerably soured towards the unemployed, who try him very severely. Not only do they " bombard " his office every day, and their leaders for ever blame him for not doing enough for them (forgetting that the Government is, in a manner of speaking, just as "hard up" as themselves), but those whom he has found work for, in gangs in the country, have now found another means of irritation, though it has its humorous side. When they arrived on their "jobs," as a rule they had no focd and no money, and in order to give them a start Mr Pillinger directed that the hush storekeepers in the vicinity were to let them have supplies. ,and the balance of each man's wages was Sto be paid over to the wife and family. SSome of these bills have now come in for Epayment, and the Minieter's surprise can Seasily he imagined when he read in rseveral of these accounts such items as Sthese: " a pipe, 10s 6d; a tailor-made \- suit, half a dozen boxes of Cameo cigar Sette', bottles of Worcestershire sauce, ,boxes of sardines, jars of jam " (tinned Sjam not being liked), etc. Even the S" ts.ilor-made suit " and the ten and six Spenny pipe were duly supplied, and the Government has now got to pay for them. SThe men who procured these things were . married men with families. For the future Sstorekeepers will be ordered to only supply \- certain articles of food, as per a list to be drawn out, as it is found that at present some of the men live like the proverbial alderman, and leave little or nothing to be handed over from their earnings to their families in Hobart. A MEDIUM EXPOSED.—Like the bold, bad man who recently exposed at Welliur ton the manner in which the spook busine~s was worked, some individuals- at Water town, New York, have been exposing a materialising medium. A Mrs Roberts gave is, seance before the Spiritualistic Society, which was not considered satisfac tory. She offered to give another if a wire cage was provided, from which she under took to make her escape by supernatural meane. The cage was duly to hand on May 3, and a committee duly locked Mrs Roberts in the cage. It was an hour before anything was seen to emerge from 10the cabinet, and then a white form flitted around in front of the audience, which sat in almost total darkness, and floated back behind the curtains. The form had scarcely disappeared behind the curtain when one of the committee, who had crawled to the rear of the cabinet, seized an arm and yelled, " Turn up the lights!I" Another member, who had his hand covered with fresh ink, patted the ghost on the cheek, leaving a beauty spot that was easy to recognise. There was a general scramble and pandemonium reigned in the hell. The lights were turned up and Mrs Roberts stood in the midst of the audience in a costume so unconventional as to excite pity. A woman in the audience loaned her a cloak, and the medium's dress was found after 15 minutes and the woman was left alone long enough to dress. She then acknowledged that she had been practising the fraud nine yearn, but declined to give any details. ELECTRIC IIGHTING IN RAILWAY CARRIAGES.-It is reported that the Lon don, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company has fdally decided that their electrically lighted trains are more service able than those lighted either by gas or oil. For some time all three systems of u train lighting have been tried upon this railway. The electrically lighted trains nut being required to be hauled to the charging station, as is the case with those illuminated with gas, they are always ready for immediate use, and are estimated to render about 15 per cent. more service than the others. The first cost of gas, for a train of ten coaches, including the build ings and producer plant, is stated to be £700; that of oil, £120; while electrically lit trains cost £400. The yearly cost of maintenance is, with gas £120 per train, with oil from £70 to £130, while with the electric light it is only £50 per train. Electrician. A CHEMIST'S REMARKABLE DISCOVERY. — A Hungarian chemist, Dr. Johann Antal, already favourably known for his researches in toxicology, recently reported to the Hungarian Society of Physicians that he has discovered a new chemical compound, the nitrate of cobalt, which, he says, is a most efficacious antidote to poisoning by cyanide of potassium or prussic acid. He tried the antidote first on animals, and afterwards on 40 living persons who had been accidentally poisoned with prussic acid. In not a single case did the antidote prove a failure. " NoT GurLvv."-A curious incident occurred in the Sydney Central Criminal Court the other day. George Martin, a youth, hal been tried and found not guilty of larceny of money, clothes, and jewelry. To the astonishment of all pre- sent, after the verdict had been given the prisoner said : "Your Honor, I stole those things" (pointing to property which had been given up by a pawnbroker); "I got into the house at four o'clock in the morn ing." The jurymen were evidently con- fused and amused. " Well," said his Honor, " nothing can be done now. You are discharged." At this stage the gaoler interposed. " He's now serving a sentence, your Honor," said that official; so young Martin descended beneath the dock. Mr Justice Innes gave some comfort to the jury by telling them that it was just possible Martin was endeavouring to shield a "pal," who by-and-by might be charged with being concerned in the same offence. PURITAN BACHELORs.-Mr Earle's new work on " Customs and Fashions in New England in the Olden Times" gives a notable picture of early Puritan life in New England. Here is a short extract (quoted from the Church Quarterly) describing the laws relating to Puritan bachelors :-" In the infant days of New England bachelors -confirmed ones-found themselves in a sad plight. Rare as they were, they were looked upon with intense scorn ano dis favour by the whole community. If a man was not married, ladies, lawyers, parsons, and laymen were all against him. He was a suspected character. There snust be something wrong with a man who did not set about getting a wife in a land where such a blessing was so essential. Confirmed bachelors were not often allowed to live alone, or to make themselves comfortable where they chose, but had to take up their abode wherever and with whomsoever the 'Court' thought fit. In Hartford they had to pay a fine of 20s a week ! apparently in order that the single bliss of these ' lone men' might not advantage them by saving the cost of a wife. On the other hand, the mysteriously comic regulation of Eastham, a Massachusetts town, in 1695, seems to be more concerned about the killing of crows and blackbirds than about the promotion of marriages. ' Every unmarried man in the township shall kill six blackbirds or three crows while he remains single; as a penalty for not doing it, shall not be married till he obeys this order.'" 'TYratosD FROM MILK SuPPLr.-At the meeting of the Wandsworth District Board of Works on Wednesday, the medical officer of health for Clapham reported that a serious outbreak of typhoid fever had taken place at Clapham and Lambeth, and that it had been traced to a milk supply at Lambeth. The officer stated in his report that a milkman's utentils had been washed with water from a polluted supply, and the outbreak of fever had occurred within a few days in families supplied with milk by this particular tradesman, who, however, disclaims any knowledge of the cleansing of the cans, which was done by one of his employees. A very large number of cases of typhoid and ten deaths have been reported in Lam- beth, seven cases and two deaths in Clap. ham, and other cases have likewise been traced in adjacent parishes. Mr Macfleet urged that the milkman be prosecuted. It was a shameful thing that the lives of hundreds of people should be placed in jeopardy through the carelessness of a milkman. The London County Council should be appealed to to take legal action. Dr. Howell pointed out that the board had full power as the sanitary authority to take action. The clerk explained that the hoard could authorise an investigation to be made, then order the man to appear -before them, and subsequently prosecute. It was ultimately decided to draw the ettention of the £.ondon County Council to the matter, and to urge them to take legal proceedings. 1THE EQUITABLE LIFE AssooAaNCE SOCIETY. 11U.S.-The EquItable Life Society, United SStates, as will be seen by advertisement appoer leg to-day, are Introducing to the public of this colony a new form of safe and profitable in Svesimest which should be readily takes up by \- those who are desirous of obtaining a asurrO of iaocni3, rombined with life assurance. We refer \- to tbe 5 per cent. Guarantee Endowment Bends a now helug issued by this Society for any s amourt from £200 to £20,000, which effer o spools1 conidlions for young men who desire \- to save, sod other equal conditious for men of owealth who may have a surpino inceme to invest, besides being particularly adapted f~r the assurance of nidows and minors, The ad "1 vantages oleimed for this bond are that while I' the security is undoubted, being gusranteod by one of the strongest financial institutions in existence, which has a surplns ever and above all its liabilities of seorly £7,000,000, it offers great and profitable advantages, as it instantly creates a fund seelimable immediately in the event of early death, and which it would require many years to accumulate even if life desutisuod, besides boing better than a simple policy of life assurance, because in addition to the indsmuitysfurnished it offers the advantage n of en invesissent as alroody exjplained. No "doubt upon investigation theme Eudowneat d Bonde will be found no be the best adapted to nthe reqairements of the lasuring public at tbe wpreseni time. O1 Wensa eveniog the Cleveland Bdend 0 An entertainment sill as provided consistirg of musical selections, addresses, and resitations. The proceeds will be devotod to strengthen the organ fund. 