The Tragedy of :the /: Swvarmpp. The swamps and bayous of thb soath are gts gho?--its nbatised'oouape--its death-. traps. To be lost mi one of sue greatewad?ps of Mississippi or Louisiana means more than dsatb.: Is means seoh serror before death .mes , that' yoa would prayto die and wel come the meseinger with open arms. In tshe old'days of bondage a slave who ran away to the swamps was entered on the books as dead. It the alligators, serpents, vultures and awful lonesomeness drove him back to slaveoy.wellandgood. If they didnothis masterknew awhy. He knew that death had claimed him and he could not come. In thease swamps the omnrian and the serpent find their paeadiae. -Toere is nothing to dis turb them-nothing to prevent them from liing ont- their days. It is so dark and gloomy that bse owl cries out at midday so full of weirdness and terror that the rulture is alarmed by the sound of his own woice. We walked out on a long tongue of solid ground penetrating the waters of the bayou for hall a mile. Here the waters set back from the Pearl River until they formed what might be called a lake. In time of drought this spot would almost be tillable. In time of flood the lake would be twice as large. There are trees standing here and there- stamps showinq above the urfea-e-logs and trees afoat. Every tree is loaded down with the funeral moss, which swings to the lightest breeze. Erwry log is mona.grown and de cayed. Every gallon of weter has the germs of malaria and break:bone feter. It is the most melancholy reality the human eye ever saw, Chain a strong man here and he would go mad in a week. - Lifen a Ye. Bs such life I It is near midday, and the great alligators are basking in the son, while the sattlesnakes, cotton. mouths andmocoasino move lazily about. A great bird of prey sits on the sole limb of a decayed tree overhanging the water, his head under his wing and unmindful of our presence. Humanity has no right here. It is one of the hell-spots of the earth. Bring here one of the greatest sinners of earth and give him his choioe between this spot and the torments of hell and he would ask to be led away. SLook I Look i He must be crazy 1" So called two or threovoicee in chorus, and I looked aeross the southern arm of the lagoon to see a raft just putting off from the shore. It was only a couple of logs lashed together, and it moved out sloggishly. Standing in the centre was a man-a negro. liHe was half a mile away, but the glavs which one of the hooters carried brought him with in a few feet of us. He was a stalwart fellow, but he had an ugly look. He was a criminal and a fugitive. He had committed some serious crime to force him to take raefuge here If pursnit had been made it had not availed. He did not look back and aruoond him like one who feared to hear the bay of dogs and shouts of men. He had enaoure the swamp until he could endure no more At the hazard of being caught he war bound to get out of it. If he could dfloat himself across to the tongue of firm land the rest of the way was easy. He bunst base known of the dangers, but he was desperate and determined. He had no covering for his head, his shirt was in ragas and his sorn and patohed pants were rolled up to the knee. He had a pole, by which means he propelled the ralt in a sluggish fashion. "Back out of sight-all of yonl" whispered one of the group, ?gd we lost no time in obeying. - ... hsey tell of the southern man honting the negro down as he would a wolf, and they woulid have you believe that he has no pity nor meroy for him when he breaks the law. Tbee were 'southern mnin,and theyr knw that robbery or murderhad driven that block man to encounter the perils of the great swamp. It was pity for him-itwas mercy in their hearts which took the group out of his sight that he might not fear to land. It was to give him a ohance for his life. I did not onderetand fora moment. Then a groan trom one of the men oaused me to raise my head. Thaer was a ripple in the still, yellow waters of the bayou. It was to the left.and in three seconds there was a second to the right. "He is drowned l" whispered one of the men ashe handed me the glass. As I looked there were more ripples-a dozen whirls and splashes-a commotiun as of a score of swimmers, and directly I saw a monster alligator rear hall his length out of the water. You may have seen men die in their beds or on the fibald of battle, but did you ever see a strong man fight for hie life against terrible odds and finally go down? It is so with a man when the deadly undertowclutcheeshim. It is so when he is pulled down by wild beasts. Terror blanohed this man's black oace to the color of ashes when he realised hie peril. It made him tremble like one in chill. He opened him month to shont, but no sound onme. From every portion of that bayou there was a rush of sanrians-twenty-fifty -a hundred-a thousand, it seemed to me by the splash and commotion. A brave man may weaken at peril, but reaotion comss and he die'gamp. the ear which ohained him, shut his teeth hkrd, and the fire of desperation burned in his eyes as it does in those of a wild beset brought to hbay. He beat at the black heads and snouts with his stout pole-he used it as a olub and a spear, and for five minutes he kept them off. Hewas stilla qoarterol a mile from us. I saw him oaloulate the die. tance with his eye. Then he looked around at his foes. Jmut then a monster eanrian reoared itself half its length opon the raft, determined to be first at the feast. With one last poweraul blow the pole was broken over the reptile' head, the piece fung aside, and with a'short run and a panther-like leap the negro seemed to clear the circle closing m on him. In a few seconds his head appeared and be stuok bravely out, while we now showed ourselves and encouiiged him- by voite and'gemtore, He had made fifty feet, and he was oleaving the waters with a strong arm when he suddenly sprang breast high above the surfaoe, uttered an awful cry of agony, and was drawn down to be seen no more. The waters were lashed and vexed until the muddy warmes ran to our feet, but the turmoil gradually ceasnead, the reddish tinge was absorbed by the yellow, and ten minutes after he disappeared we saw nothing hut the overturned raft drifting down to lodge to? tree-top. 