TIIOU ART THE MAN. A NEW NOVEL. (BY MISS BRADDON.) CHAPTER, XIII.— "WHAT LOVE WAS kvkr as dre'p as a ( trave ?" _ Thefutiguo tliut Sibyl had gone through since nightfall had made no impression upou her physical being, or no impression of which her mind was conscious. It' her limbs ached with the. tramping to and fro and up and down over the rough ground by the chfl she had no consciousness of her pain. Her mental suffering, her keen anxieties, her grief and horror at the deed that luid been done, loft no room in her consciousness for the sensation of bodily pain. She walked up and down her bedroom and in and out to her balcony, in a growing- light of a glowing dawn, and although all that is most com fortable in the way of bed, sofa, and easy chairs offered a sybarite rest, she had no in clination to fling down that weary form into any of thoao cushioned nests which stood ready to receive her. Sometimes she walked to and fro with automatic monotony ; some times she went hurriedly out to the balcony, and stood looking at the sea and the sky. A wild sky, a rough sea, a livid dawn that heralded a tempestuous day I And she had driven him out into the storm ; she hud urged him to act against his own judgment, which would have bidden him stand his ground. Was it wise, was it well? Now that the act was irrevocable — now that the shattered door told its story of prison- breaking and ignominious flight, she asked herself that question with maddening itera tion. Ignominious flight. Yes, that was' -tho word. The man who flies from the face of Justice must needs submit to the ignominy that attaches to all flight. Innocence should stand firm, and wait the worst that Pate could do. No doubt that was the idealist's view of the situation. But then came the thought of stern reality — the possible conviction — the possible gallows— the inserulablcipervcrsity of Fate which sometimes dooms uu innocent man to a disgraceful death, all for want of some little clue to thread that labyrinth of circumstantial evidence, and get at the core of truth hidden somewhere in. the midst of it. Guiltless men have been hanged, even in this present century of enlightened legisla tion, and to the end of time there will always be that cruel possibility of innocence paying the -penally of guilt. On the whole, therefore, .Sibyl was thank ful that she had helped to get Brandon Mountford out of the clutch of the law. For the time being he might suiter in honor and reputation by that escape, lie might have to exist under a heavy cloud — an exile in some distant country, living under a false name, cut oil' from all the friends and associations of his youth. But in the years to come tho clue to the mystery might be found, and tho wrong might be righted. 44 Who could have done it?" Sibyl asked herself, with her bauds strained tightly upon her aching forehead, as if she wanted to wring some sudden inspiration out of her own tired brain — 44 Who could have done it?" she asked, and then told herself despairingly: "I feel as if all the thinking power were gone out of my mind. I can imagine no one who would do such a deed. Everybody liked her. She had 110 enemy. It could only iiave been some ruliian with the wild beast's thirst for blood — some madman." "A madman, yes!" .Sibyl turned sick witli agony as she remembered what Bran don Mountford hud told her about that in- 1 .scrutablc disease which can change sanity to madness,. tho sudden clouding over of the brain, the maniac's impulse towards evil. 14 Oil, if it were he, after all. If my con viction of his innocence should bo a mere delusion, horn of my love for him ! Well " after a pause, 44 if it is so, 1 am the more thankful that lie is free. My poor, afflicted love, marked out by Fate to bear so cruel a'burden. Who would not help you to escape ? " . And then came a still more appalling thought-. If he had dono this thing; if his unconscious hand had taken Mario Arnold's life, who could say whether this first crime might not bo the beginning of a series of murders? The impulse having once arisen, might recur, and this man — tho man sho, admired and loved, the man of high birth and gentle breodin"— might become a scourge and a horror to his fellow-men ; a wretch whose death or whose life-long imprison ment would be required for the safety of others. .She flung herself upon her bed and bid her face from the daylight, awe-stricken at tho horror her own thoughts had conjured up. The wind shrieked and howled iu the chimney, and there was something hideously human in the sound. One gust more violent than tho rest seemed to shake even those solid walls. There was a dreadful silence in the houso next morning when Sibyl awoke from a sleep of sheer exhaustion. She was lying on the bed still wearing the black gown in which she had walked to aiul fro, with all the dust and chalk of the road and the dill" upon it; but careful hands had spread a down cover let over her, and the morning cup of tea which sho generally, took at 7 o'clock was 011 the little table by her bod, showing that the faithful Ferriby had been watching her slumbers. The window she had left open was shut, and the closed Venetians darkened the room. Sibyl sprang up from the bed, and ran to look at the clock 011 tho mantel piece. A quarter to 11. IIow long, how heavily she had slept — a dreamless sleep, un shadowed by any consciousness of the cares that made waking so terrible. Tho wind had been raging when she last looked at sky and sea. Tho sky was calm enough now, when she opened the shutters and looked seaward; a dull grey sky; but the waves were rising and falling with a slow and sul len violence, and the livid patches of foam allowed hero and there upou the leaden- colored expanse. She rang her bell, and Ferriby came bust ling in. 4' Ob, how tired you must have been, miss — regular dead beat, to fall asleep in your clothes, and sleep from 12 o'clock, to close upon 11— all but 12 hours. You, too, such a light sleeper. I've got your bath ready ; but let me fetch you a fresh cup of tea first. You can't drink that stuH'," pointing to tho neg lected cup. "It's stone cold." 44 Never mind the tea. Yes, I was very tired ; my hones arc still aching." 44 And ! don't wonder at it, Miss. Dear, oh, dear, what times we're living iu ! Such a storm last night ! We shall hear of ever so many boats lost before dark, Hampton says." And then Ferriby related how Mr. Mount ford had broken out of Kllcrsliu lockup in the midst of the storm, a proceeding to which she evidently attached an idea of Satanic power, as if he must at least have had help from the sons of darkness; and. how the hue and cry had been raised, and the country was being searched far and near, and tho telegraph wires at KUcrslio Post- uiiieo were working as tfiey hud never worked before. 44 And all I can say is I hope they won't find him," concluded Ferriby. 44 He was the nicest gentleman that ever came into this house — and if he did murder that poor young lady in a fit of madness— as they say he did — why, it was his allliclion, and nob his fault." 44 Who says that he murdered her?" 44 Well, Miss, everybody thinks ho did it, and madness would be bis only excuse. Not that there was anything like madness in his ways. Thomas, who always wailed upon him, says there was never a politer, quieter gentleman. .None of your swearing or flying out at a servant for nothing. He had rather a nervous manner sometimes, Thomas says— a little absent-minded — but never 110 violence — nothing that looked like being out of his mind." Poor Brandon ! To be discussed and anatomised in the servants' hall — to have fallen so low — the talk of the village inn — limited by policemen, Ids description tele graphed from place to place. It was nearly one o'clock when Sibyl went downstairs, while as a ghost, in her black gown, and wandered aimlessly about the house, almost wondering not to see Marie's bright face in any of the rooms. This dread mystery of death was po diflicult to realise, even now, after all alio had suffered within the last day and a half. The shock, the horrors of the murder wero ever present in her mind, but she had not yet realised the for ever — the cruol fact of death, the vanishing for ever of one familiar face, the eternal numbness of the voice t hat had so lately boon part of her home and of her life. Never more to see Mario Arnold — the com panion of all her girlish years, the happy years in which there had been no shadow of care. Now life seemed all care, and dread, and difliculty. It needed all bet stoicism to visit the room where tho dead girl was lying — that room now so quiet, and pure, and peaceful- yesterday defiled by the muddy boots of the coroner's jury, filled with mutterings and whisperings about the hideous circumstances of her death. Not a trace of those rough visitors remained to- day. The white curtained bed rose pale in the dim light that uropt through closely fastened Venetians, and the coverlet was almost hidden under white flowers — azahas, lilies, all tho most mceious blooms that the hot houses of Ellcrslie could supply. Sir .Joseph's own trembling lips had given the order. 44 Be sure there are plenty of flowers. Sho was so fond of flowers." 44 You'd like to see her, wouldn't you, Miss?" asked Ferriby, when hor mistress wus dressed. Like ! No, it could not be a question of liking. Every nerve of Sibyl's being con tracted with pain at the thought. Like, no. But it was her duly, perhaps— a duty she owed to the dead, to stand for a little while by that placid form, which could never more rise up and hold out loving arms towards tho adopted sister. It might seem eold-hearteil, self-absorbed, to keep aloof from that awful room, where the great mys tery offered its solemn question to Christian and philosopher alike. After this, what? Or is this, indeed, tho end? Fcrriby's tone implied that her mistress ought to look upou the dead, and Sibyl wanted to do what was right. She wanted all the household to know how truly she had loved Marie Arnold. She wont to the door of the room — that room which she used to enter so gaily a dozen times a day— to show Marie this or _ that — books, flowers, finery — to ask questions, to tell little scraps of girlish news, to discuss an idea, any sudden fancy that had flashed into her brain. Mario had been tho only close companion of those impressionable years — the years which change the child into tho woman. An upper housemaid opened the door at .Sibyl's light knock, and tho cool darkness of the room, the perfume of lilies of the valley, suggested a chapel iu some southern laud. Sibyl looked fearfully towards t he white bed. Yes, there was that rigid outline' under the snowy sheet. That which she had seen and shuddered at in painting and sculpture, but which her eyes bad never looked upon till now in its terrible reality. Slowly, and with noiseless footsteps she approached the bed, but when the housemaid put out her hand to raise the linen sheet which lay so lightly over that marble form, Sibyl stopped her with a low faint cry. "No, no, no. Let me remember her as I know her— not like this." Sho sank on her knees at the foot of the bed, covered her face with lier hands, and t bought a prayer— a prayer for the repose of that passionate soul — such a prayer as the Anglican Church forbids, but which instinct prompts whenever the living look upon the dead. She prayed for the peace of tho dead, and prayed still more fervently for that un happy fugitive whose (life was dishonored by this untimely death, who, guilty or innocent, had to bear the shadow of crime. Her eyes were drowned in tears when she rose from her knees, and took one of those fairy-like blooms from the shower of 1 ikies which had been scattered over the sheet, and with this poor little flower in hor hand sho stole softly from the room whore the middle-aged house maid sat by an open window reading lier Bible by the flickering light that filtered through tho Venetian shutters. For the housemaid, pious, middle-aged, and a con firmed spinster, there was a dismal relish in this quiet guardianship of the dead. To sit in a cool, flower-scented room, ami read the Messianic Prophets in the spirit of unques tioning faith that seeketh not to understand what it readelh, was better than to over look housework, and pry into those dusty corners which the perl young pink-froeked housemaid is so apt to neglect. The upper housemaid felt, t he importance of her charge, most of all when Sir Joseph sat groaning or sobbing beside tlic bod, as he had done in the dead of tho night, when those pas sionate tears of his had start led the watcher from a profound slumber. .She fell that she was being admitted to t he family secrets, that hor situation, always it good one, was placed on a higher footing henceforward. (To be continued.) 