P81KT ASD FABRt. [Bl 'AILAHIS.'] Yerlly the Cumberland petillon pot haa «r j fca&ly; bollsd over, and tha uoBoating of Mr TJrquhart cornel u ft big snrpriae to hif Zoehui supporter*. It ii tbe more discon certing to them became they nnd:rll:ooJ,»ncl were justified in understanding, that the gravamon ol the petition wonld lie in the matter ol the neglect to open the Bomine booth In time, which, aa a aufficlent Broun1 of objaetioil to Mr Urquhnrt'B return, eo ?IrnaUy and utterly failed. I say they were jnlUBrf in understanding this because of the direct Btatement publicly made to them bj Mr Brown, withdrawing the othctgronnd nf nnlfttnn In MiR fnllaffin? DMaErailh ffODl the Zeehan end Dvndas Herald of January 21 :— Mr I. H. Jonus, writing yesterday from the Honty, forward! n» the following from a letter TeoAvei by him tram the Hon. N. J. Brown :— ' Ihere it one thin? I want yon to write a letter to the Uertdd about, that is the paragraph in the petition against Urqu hart'l return alleging treating. This was put in byiny legal advieer contrary to ray wish, and the petition was only brought to me to sign at tho lust moment, just before the time for lodging it would have expired. 1 wanted to have the petition rc-diaftcd, leaving ont that part, bat tbere *M no tiais to do it, eo 1 had to uign it as it was But you have my authority for saying that 1 do not intend to proceed on th'it rart of the petition, and if it goes into court it it my intention to have that part withdrawn.' Ihis is sufficiently explicit to juetify a be lief that after the other ground* of o\\.jjc tion had failed the scat would be licU. Tfet it is upon this very allegation of treating that Mr Urquhart is nosaitcd i hence tho Zeehan tear*, and fervent beniBons showered down upon the hoail of the Hon. N. J. Brown. I do not think that the bribery *nd cor ruption which takes the form of trying to crowd three bottles of bad whisky into a hide originally gauged for one and-a half Bhould be condoned, and the ltw us it stands should certainly be dul_. ajmlnls tered. But there iB something very hard about holding a candidate who might n?ver ployed him or authorised bia employment, responsible for the acts uf a man like Slater. From the evidence given in court it ^vould appear that the gentleman iB a eo rt of perambulating moisture absorbent ; a suction supported electioneering Bnipe ; a peregrina ting political sponge which botha bo)jb up fluid laelf and generously yields it for the benefit of others. It iB btid, therefore, that one only indirectly and technically responsible for the thoughtless conduct of snch a person should bo heavily suffer. However, there it ie, and seeing that he so scientifically duck up all the drinks it would seem to place matters from cause to effect, beginning with the bainmid and ending with the unseated candidate, in proper progression, thusly, slate, B.&ter;, slated. Tnat'it has not* been a fair deal for Mr Urqobart is lelt and resented in more places than Zjohan and Dundas. Indeed the feel ing it haB engendered id certainly not favor able to Mr Brown's further political suc cess, and even if he were eligible for nomination the animus he has Imported into the natter would lose him the Bpeakership to a dead certainty. Tuerefore— Thongh the countenance of Nicholas la varr hrnadlv (Trinnillff With the gratified malevolence Attending on finch winning. Of this he may be certain— That it makes his chance the weaker For a further term of Bervice Ab a member or a Speaker. Still it's very rough on Urquhart That he thus is made to suffer For the dram-disposing habits Of a drouthy ooable duffer ; Not a point need be debated As to whether it attaches To the Slater or the Elated. 1 have beard a story about a mean miserly old curmudgeon who, having fallen into a river, was gallantly rescued when at the last extremity by an Irish laborer. The crowd cheered the conrageous rescue, which was onlv effected at the imminent risk of the de liverer's life. Kven the miserable old hunks was moved to gratitude, and, pulling out his Surse, presented his preflervtr wilii a .-hilling. ow, as the pntse was a weU-flljei oce, the onlookerB began to hiss and JEcr, and pass unpleasant remarks ; bat Pi^dy, quietly pocketing the coin, s.tid, ' Whist, wbiBt, boyB ; flhnre, doesn't the grintleman know the value of his own life better tuan the like of yon or me.' 1 am 'led to tell the above story ajiruj'ti cently occurred in Launceston. At the ri-k ol his own liffl n well-known resident of TreTallyn, Mr John Capparituu, fidbed ont of the river, t*t the loot of the Depot, on tbe 7th inet , a youth named Fieher, who hue parents living in an adjecant euburb. Fisher was flailing a boat, when she ji^ed, and Ibc boom struck him on tbe he*d stunning him And knocking him overboard. Oapp*ratuB Baw the accident, and diving in, clothes and ?Jl. brought Fisher &Bhore; still nncoiucioiiB, thongh not without sn effort which nearly exhausted him and made U a near thinu for both. Fieher was the a aiuiBted to his home, and to this day no word of thanks has come from him or bis for his gallant rescue. But there ' Whist, wiriBt, boye, thure dan't they know the Tatue of the life preserved bstt*r than the jikes of voc^or me r ^ Farther referring to the reeeae subject as above, I am credibly informed that this iB the ninth or tenth life which John Cappara- : tas has B&Tad; in like manner, and yet the , only recognition of his gallantry hau bean newspaper commendation, and that of an , Bpprovine conscience. 1b this right 7 Where ii the local representative of the Royal Humane Society? Wonid he not have moved on far leBB ocsaiion if the citizen so dittingniBhing himtslf were in a more prominent position 1 Many a m\n haB | bsen knighted and has even r^cMvd the Victoria Gross tor less. Nine lives saved are j Barely better than nine thousand destroyed, ! The matter should be seen to and rectified, j Sir, the honorary correspondent of the i Boyal Humane Society, does not the matter come within your province ^ It does cot Beem to me that Laanceston has any reason to be proud of the manner in which the majesty of the lav has been maintained within its precincts over the ' put weik or bo. I do Dot presume to allot the blame, seeing that the whole evidence ' ot the affair ii to delightfully mixed ; but ! from what appears on the Burlaoe there cer- j t&inly; iB blame attach ing to someone. Whta , nn outburst of rowdy iitn took place in Hobut the other day the police had tha I men before the Court with promptitude, tnd ' by fining them five pounds each, with the i option of three months in prison, Mr Tarle- 1 ton jaflt about stamped ont the ogence in one act. Here a mob of ronghB, ron-dies. apielers, and welebcrs tarncd the town into | a pandemonium several night's running. Those arrested were arraigned on minor chargas, and fined 10a or dismissed with a caution. Summonses were then issued for the graver offence of riotously disturbing the peace, and while the ' ctu ttontd and dismissed' men immediately proceeded to loot hotel bars, the summoned smiled sardonically and Bailed away iu the P*teena, ThuB the law has failei to lay upon one single culprit the expiation of his heavy offeneeB. This ii one way to make the ad Ministration of jastioe a terror to evil-doen; but l£ I were aiked to name that way, 1 ?should ety it in rhjmo, after the following lashion, and style it HDTT NOT TO DO IT. Oomeall jolly aportamsn embraced in the cIabb Known as rowdies, as vclehen, and ?pielera, Whosa record hat earned you from men lite yoanelves The cognomen ot ' regalar heelera.' Gome here, and in gaily maintaining yonr fame For indulging in riotons bralt, We'll thow yau hoif Lauacestan ' cfiptores the cake' In tue science of How not to do it. it, when, aa e&ch; twelve m?ntb ccr race Ton conoeiffe it yoar duty to plunder the citissn pigeons who fall in yonr way Without tunning the risk of a blunder, Ho in for a riot, and draw a. big crowd, While yonr chnmmieB adroitly go through And M for preroating your nice little enmtj We will let yon uee Bow not to do it. O£ coarsQ we'll airoet you, and march yon to quod, In the intereBts ot law and of order, And threaten yon louily for all of yonr Bins. With tho watchhoufis, the gaol, and the warder ; And, just for the pnxpoie ol making each In the future most bitterly roe it, Present von in quite, a professional way With a sample of. How not to do it. We'll have you nest morning presented at From which you would cnoh he a bolter, And mOcc you ncqa&intcd;, in epite of your selves, With Waterhonee, rIbo with Coulter ; We then ehall proceed to establish our cue; The Court will next pause to review It, And fine you ten shillings, if only to give An example of How not to do it. Wo ahull then inut undoubtedly itsae, In hope thai by this most effective oE pl&na;, We shall moat unmitiUkably diBh you ; We shall e'jrvc you tbe writ; yon will nil by the boat. And while we exclaim. ' Ah ! we knew it,' Tou'il go back to Melbourne And tell all your pal. 01 our method of How not to do it. In HobarL, the 6piulcr who raiese a row, la Bat on by Tftileton, who fines him five pounds, With the option of three months in But Hoba t ain't Launceston, not by a lot, And we strangely have failed to imbue it With even tbe Blighteet degree of reej-cct For our system of How not to do it. As Edgar rem&rka; in Kiug Lear, 'The initrnmente to plague us.' The force of the apothegm holds as strongly under the Christian as undir the Pagan dispensation, and I— wretched man that I am— furnish its Ktest illustration. &ly; pleasant vice has been the making of sarcastic com* ments of the balf-j?Bt whole* earnest order of architecture at the expense of the Dtivonpoit Town Board, and behold, 1 huve been sat upon by one of itB moBt illustrious members, with a pon derosity that hfiB metaphorically reduced me to the condition expressed by Marcus Olarke'e immortal timile of 'A tioi upon raspberry tart,' In fact 1 have been flattened ont like a Pass over cake, and it ia only mth the lust effort of expiring vitality that I ' rise to make a few reinnTkB.' Referring, of course, to* Mr L. Moorc'e letter, published in the Daily Telegraph I of Monday last under the head of ' Parry,' j I muy be permitted to express my Benseof utt*jr discomfiture and insignificance on pcruBing itB firBt few lines. I am not read ; I am referred to as & ' very fenny follow !' and described as ' one whose object ie, apparently, to na ate people Isugh.' Now the firet and last factors 1 could pass ' over, as beiog explanatory one of the other ; seeing that after reading ' Point and Parrj ' none bnt a very dull dog could possibly cjme to sostupida conclusion about its writers object. That I prefer prescnticg my com* menta on affaire current in a drees, both more punge&t; and more readable, it quite true. Bnt Mr Moore claims, I believe, tome Bort of a hawing acquaintance with a learned profession, and did he never hit npon that query put by Horace, ' Jiidentem tlicere verum, quid vetat ?' which may bo very freely rendered. Can we not feather the shaft of truth with a plume from the pinions of humor 7 Horace an swered it himself, and therefore, a: cording to tbe Dsvonport sage, we are to suppose tb«.t Mb only object was to ' make people laugh.' But * funny fellow I' And has all my scribbling brought me to thin, that at whose fam.£ haB not yet extended bevond the village bound*, and whose transcendent abilities have r*iEed him to no more distin Ririshi'd hoLor than a scat on the Devonport Town Board — designates me a 'funny fellow 1' Departed spirits of the mighty dead 1 Oan the force ol forensic ponderosity in punish* ment farther go 7 Surely it was tbe rebuke of a country Iswj-er which Burns resented Whene'er expressed bvwoid or pen. I bear as best 1 may The kindly scathe ol wiser men, But d ? that ass'e bray. Touching Mr Moore's list of asserted mis statements it is unfortunate for his kindly intent that the Blip, which by making him Chairman of the hoard raised him to a bad eminence beyond even his deserving, was acknowledged and rectified in last week's ' Point and iV.rry.' For the welfare of the ratepayers 1 am glad to learn that tbe board Bolicitir'u fee for adtic: is not £2 2s. D.uotltiBS bis experience has Uught him that the quantity required makes it pay him to contract for a supply ot the article by the squire yard. Caming to No. 4 I may point out that 1 did no: say a claim had been fought at law at the coit of £150. I said at ' something abont «160,' and still ndhcre to tue e.atemeat. As for the £3 la (ii costs incurred in the matter last men tioned, I refer Mr Moore to the report of tho board m:eting published in a lo:al paper. About the Tight of corporate bodies to without a body to be'kicked or a soul to be damned. Finally, 1 would point out to Mr Moore that it is highly unprofessional to tender gratuitous and unsolicited advice. He should reserve it for better paying clients, say for the Devonport Town Board, P.S.— I wonder whether it* members will has thus brought their proceedings under very wholesome public notice. In last issue 1 referred to the nnc3nscious humor which even the gentleman who stands guird over the sub-editorial nest, and in continently runs you through with a blue pencil cannot wholly eliminate from the dent. The reference recalls a case in point be v ond tbe one then cited. He was tbe terror ol'the office, the dread of the snb-editor the paralyser of the typo, and the absolute despair of the unfortunate reader, not only because of his illegibility, butbecauBe of his original ideas on tbe subject of orthography and his general nnintelligibility. At last, wjrked up to desperation by some outrage tn tie gaeen's English moro horrible than usual, the sdb-editor Beiced pen and wrote him, gently suggesting that he should get a friend to write up the copy from his dicta tion. The reply was bjth laconic and characteiistic, and was comprehended in the short note :— Frens is skarse.' Since then that nan has pursued tbe even tenor of bis way undisturbed by complaint Wednesday last was Valentine's D»y. I like to help in perpetuating the pleasant familiar customs of our forefathers, pro vided they are in tbecnBflves unobjection able, and while I would help to Bit on tho festival of the Abbot of Misrule, or the celebration of Guy Fawkes' Day, I have a kindly inclination towards the Feast of St. Valentine. I deplore that it has degene rated into a mere occasisn for the anony mous despatch of very highly colored, very badly drawn, and exceedingly vulgar oari CALureB, and wonld prefer a return to the old ' IIcbj is red and violet's blue ' type of thing. But to mend it I must set a good example, and aB 1 cannot write a Valentine propeT, seeing that the day is gone past, I must even try a higher tlight of metrical fancy than 1 usually do by way of commemo rative and softly BeutimenUl descriptive narrative, thus— SI. VALBNTINB, Maud with the golden tresses, Maud with the laughing eye, Wakes from her happy dreaming Long ere the shadows fly ; Long ere the cold bright djwdrops, Gemming each flower and spray. Blushing with rosy kisses, Yield to the god ot clay. Soft through the curtained casement Steals in the myelic mjrn, Rearing the golden lutura Yet in its breast unborn ; Still, with a heart bitfh heatingi Well can the maid divine Who will be first in greeting Ihe morn o{ Bt, Valentino, Oft na: she coined the legend :— ' Tic who a maldcn'fl eyes Claims her as lawful prizi i Fast by the law ol custom Fettered are maid and swain, Fast till the yoar revolving Savers the flowery chain.' Hot to a thousand chances E'er shall her fate be left, Not in a luckless moment Life of it* chain be reft ; Mo— for hit last soft whisper Becms with nor dreams to mix :— 11 Look to the corner dtvrliog Just as the clock strikes eix.' White-robed, with hair nnbraided. Maud with the glunotng feet Standa by the curtained window Veiling tbe silent street, Btinds with her heart high-heating Martins the tardy time, Till I ram the ditUnt belfry llingB out tba welcome chime* E'en while the joyoua echo Teals to tbe morning skiee, Feap from the shrouded window Tho glad expectant eyei, Ab round the corner rushing Ojmefi with a wild ' Hooray,' Ana a loudly hailed ' That slue* y«-*'— Th2 boy with the butcher's tray. promptu petitions, to which I recently re ferred in remarking upon the startling utter ances that BometimcB fall from babv lips. My friend vouches for the truth of these Btories. One ia of a' youngster with whom he it acquainted, who, under the influence of the yule-tide just paBt, fervently prayed— 'And, dctr Lord, please tell 6 Ante, Clans to Bend mo a Bet of boxing gloves, bo'b I can knock the eluttin' out of Bcg£ie Stevens.' Number two reverts to the gentler eez and mate dtivotiocal temperament, the subjaot being a little four year old girleen, who could not get on with her prayers became her Bieter wonld persist in tickling the aolea ot her feet. After Beveral interjectory protests had proved of no avail the thing became un bearable, and Bho abruptly broke off with— ' f lease, God, 'eeusa me while 1 get up and kick M audio.' Number three has a more elevating tons and purpose,, being the prayer of a small saint in knickers anxious for the spiritual welfare of his little brother, and who therefore prayed : — 11 Pleuc, Lard, make Tommy a good boy, and if at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.' Which reminds me of an amuiing infantile commentary, for the genuine character of which 1 can personally vouch. A certain worthy minister of my acquaintance has a moat estimable wife, who is a veritable mother in Ianel, and whose husband and ohUdren rise up daily to caU her bleised. But she is no longer the sylph-like maiden of my boyish memories, a being whose ethereal proportions suggested Buoh simUeifiB the shadow of a match or the ghost of a bean pole. On the contrary, it is now round her. The child of a neighbor htd , died, and her own little ones, clueter : ing ronnd her knees, were talking of their lost playmate. ' Has Ethel gone to heaven, minima 1' ' YeB, my dear.' ' Did the angelB come and take her away ?' ' Ten, darling.' ' Take her up and fly away to the Bky with her 7' ' Yea, took her right borne to heaven.' ' And if jou you away too ?' ' Yee, my love, at least I 1 fervently hope bo.' Then there was a ' pauas, which was only broken when little ' Keith, utter letting his eyei wander all : over Ins mother's grand proportions, softly I Bighad ont : — ' They csnldn't do it, mamma.; they'd have to bring a wheelbarrow.' 