NEWS AND NOTES. Sir Geo. Shenton- has received a cablegram from London, stating" that the next direct steamer to Fremantle will be the Nairnshire. The joint committee of members of both Houses, appointed to consider the working of the Scab Act, met yesterday morning to arrange the details of the business, and will sit again to-day. His Excellency the Governor intends to give a dance on Friday night, to which a large number of guests have been invited. The dance is being given specially to show honour to the officers of H.M.S. Katoomba. The steam launch Cleopatra will run hourly trips from the South Pier, Fremantle, to-day and to-morrow to H.M.S. Katoomba, between the hours of 2 and 5 p.m., in order to enable visitors to inspect the vessel. Particulars are advertised elsewhere. The ss. Waroonga has aboard several duplex telegraph instruments. One of them is to be sent on to Coolgardie and the Coolgardie line will be worked on the duplex system. It is hoped by this means that the work will be kept more up to date than can be done at present. We have received from Mr. F. Hart a sample of turnip radishes, grown by him at his resi- dence at the top of Hay-street West. The radishes are a good sample and may be taken as evidence of what can be produced in a not too favourable soil. The Premier, Sir John Forrest, has received a telegram from the Mayor of Coolgardie in reference to a telegram which appeared in the Daily Jfevte, on the 3(hh August, under the heading of K Coolgardie News' The Mayor denies that there are any idle men in the town, and states the value of property is increasing, and that mining properties have never been looking so well and are still increasing in value. Last evening the Rev. S. Bryant gave an interesting and instructive chat on " Tenny- son." The attendance was moderate, owing probably to the many- counter attractions. The lecturer read several extracts from Tennyson's pieces, which called forth the appreciation of the audience. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. Bryant received a hearty vote of thanks, which was carried with acclamation. The Good Templar members of H.M.S. Katoomba, now at Fremantle, have invited all Good Templars to a special session of the White Ensign Lodge, at the Sailor's Best, to-night. There's a strong lodge on this ship, and as the members have already made themselves favourably known in Fremantle a large meeting £3 exported. Particulars can be obtained from the District! Chief Tempi in, Mr. T. Smith, High-street, Fremantle. An interesting sale of work will take place at the Mechanics'' Hall this evening, at 7 30, when some useful and pretty article of work made by the members of the Church of England Temperance League will be sold at low prices for the benefit of the " Special Parish Aid Fund," and the Cathedral branch of the Children's Temperance League. The charge for admission is 6d. The Dean has kindly promised to open the entertainment. Last evening the greatest inconvenience was occasioned to a large number of persons by the breaking down of the engines drawing the seven o'clock train from Fremantle. The first break down was at Cottesloe, and Claremont was reached with painful slowness of Mr half an hour's stoppage. A farther praise for repairs was made, and yet another at Subiaco, Perth being reached at about a quarter to nine, many persons in consequence missing important engagements. We have received from the J. D. Spreckles & Bros. Co., a copy of their beautifully finished little volume entitled the "North Pacific Coast Ports It is full of information of the - ports, harbours and routes of the North Pacific seas and must be of extreme interest' and value to all engaged in marine undertakings. The letterpress, which is a splendid specimen of typography, is illustrated with views of several ports, of Honolulu, of' Nanaimo, of San Diego, all of them very pretty pictures. To complete the information, the book is supplied with several maps and charts of the fences and harbours. Promises have been made, states the Albany Advertiser, by the marksmen of Perth, Fremantle and York, to send rifle teams to Albany during Albany Week. With teams from the Plantagenet Rifles and the Permanent Force, and from the man-of-war that is likely to be in the harbour at the time, this would make a competition among six good teams. The rifle matches would without doubt become an important fixture of the local holiday. The riflemen of Albany intend to do their utmost to secure the presence of the crack shots of the Central Districts during Albany Week, and it is probable that a valuable trophy will be offered for competition. At any rate it will greatly tend towards inaugurating the proposed rifle association. The Legislative Council sat yesterday afternoon, and the Colonial Secretary answered the questions on the notice paper. The House rejected a motion by Mr. Piesse that the Government should enquire into certain statements circulated by the Land Corpora- tion of Western Australia in their endeavours to Sell land they hold. The Excess Bill, the Closing of Portion of Stirling-street (Fremantle) B.U, the Patents Bill and the Employers Liability Bill were passed on third readings, and the first reading of the Constitution Act Amendment Act was agreed to. The House adjourned for a week instead of until the next day, as some of the members desired to take part in a shooting contest with a team of members of the Assembly. At the monthly meeting of the Typographical Society, held on Saturday last, a communication was received from the secretary of the West Australian District Executive of the ancient Order of Foresters, stating that the following resolution had been passed by that body, viz : "That all printing required should be given, or tenders received from fair housed only," and Boating that the Executive were shot following the example of the English High Courts. The executive desired to be furnished of a list of " fair houses " The secretary was instructed to furnish the information desired, and pleasure was expressed at the recognition of the principle by the Ancient Order of Foresters in deciding to have their work exec a ted on the " fair wage system. The hope was expressed that the practice would be followed by the other friendly societies and public bodies. Air advertisement appears in our entertainment column of a dramatic performance, to take place on the 21st and 22nd Inst, in aid of the Basil Porter fond. The excellence of the object will commend itself to the public, and as some of our leading amateurs have given their services, the performance should prove successful. The first piece, Her First Appearance, is adapted from a French drama, La Debutante, portions of which were given in 1889 during the stay in the colony of Major Wyndham, of the 21st Hussars. The entire play will now be presented, and has been in busy rehearsal for same little time. The second piece is The Crimson Scarf, by Lequoix, which was so Bnocoaaf olly paHormecl during last year by several talented amateurs. His Excellency the Governor has signified his intention of being present at the performance on Friday, the 21st inst. The box plan will be open at Messrs. Wigg A Co's., Hay- street, from Tuesday morning, the 18th inst. A Parliamentary shooting contests takes place at the Mount range to-day. Both Houses have adjourned in order to permit members to attend the match, and his Excellency the Governor has intimated his intention of being present. A marquee is to be erected in which Mrs. S. H. Parker will give an ternoon tea both to the contestants, their supporters from each House, and the lady friends of members who may make it convenient to visit the Mount during the afternoon. They will be driven to the baths, and during the afternoon, vehicles will be at their disposal, which will ran to and from the Mount and St. George's-terrace. These conveyance? may be distinguished by the police constables in uniform, who will act as coachmen. The teams that have been chosen to represent the two Houses are-For the Legislative Assembly: Messrs. E. F. Sholl,. H. Sholl, Burt, Lefroy, Marmion, Leake and Moran for the Legislative Council : Messrs. Wittenoom, Henty, Saunders, C. Piesse, Marshall, F. Stone and S. H. Parker. One of the severest gates that have been known in Albany for some years was experienced on Friday afternoon, the 7th instant, reports the local paper. The-barometer had been falling for the two previous days, but it was not until two o'clock on Friday that the first rain squall passed over the town. The wind from that hour until six o'clock in the evening blew with almost hurricane violence. The damage done was fortunately limited. One of the large glass windows in the Town. Holl was blown in, the ghost of which was carried right across the ball. The tops of, three of the street lamps in Stirling Terrace were damaged, as also was the lamp near the Town Hall. Mr. Armstrong's lighter was. blown from her moorings and- came in con tact with the Town Jetty near the baths. The force of the compact sank the lighter and slightly damaged the jetty, the platform to the baths and one of the piles on which the baths office is erected. Mr., Tuckfield mills also 3 sustained some damage. The others damage done was confined to the blowing; down of a tree near the Mechanics' Institute,, and a number of loose sheets of galvanised iron were removed some distance by the force of the gale. Shortly after six o'clock the wind moderated considerably. On Friday evening the Court Perseverance. Ancient Order of Foresters, held a successful smoke social at Jacoby's Bohemian Hall There were upwards of seventy persons present, including representatives from Court Robin Hood, A.O.F., the Oddfellows, Druids Protestant Alliance, and friends of members. The toasts proposed were " Ancient; Order of Foresters" coupled with success to the West Australian District, proposed by C E, Bro., McCarthy, and responded to by Bro. W. H.. Hampton, D 3 ; Court Perseverance, A.O.F.," by Bro. F. Rawlings, D.B.. and responded to- by Bro. W. B. Scott; S. Kindred Societies,"' by Bro. B. Hornby, S.C E., and responded to by Bro. H. Cooper (Protestant Alliance), Bro. F. Bowra (Oddfellows), and Bro. Cunningham. (Druids) ; " Court Robin Hood, by Bee. Par-. Bone, responded to by Bro. Hampton ; " The Visitors," by Bro. E. Cooper. Various, speakers gave expression to the hope that the friendly societies would unite for the purpose of holding an annual gala, with the object off raising funds to clear their land at Claremont A hope was also expressed that the amended Friendly Societies Act, now before the House, would be up to date, and would place the law regarding said institutions, on, the same footing as those in the Eastern colonies. An enjoyable evening was spent, some excellent songs and recitations being rendered. -. , : { Ttetfeüowoig appears in a Parkes JCEFdOT.) paper, the writer being Dr. Haynes, of Perth : I have been waiting to give you a full account of the prospects of this colony, but I think 'you. will be able to glean from the papers; I send, a full account of the mineral wealth Saw the colony and its late marvellous developments. I really, like most others, had, till quite recently, a very disparaging record of the colony ; but things have lately become too revolutionised that matters now wears, very different aspect. About the stupendous wealth of gold yet to be discovered "there can be no two opinions, and you may well depend that all the gold has not been discovered, nor will be yet for years to come, because it is such a very large area of difficult prospecting country. That? Cool- gardie will become a wonderful city is certain, and will eclipse California, Broken 8-11, or Johannesburg. Moreover, it is midway be tweerfPerth and the Adelaide railway yet to be established. And about the colony,g»nerà3y, it must go forward. Capitalists from all parts of the world are flocking towards Perth, and "there is nothing to stop it going ahead. I shall remain, and I would advise those who have indomitable pluck to come, chicken. hearted people to stay away. I feel that one cannot do wrong in trying his luck on the last and best of the world's go¡dfíold#¿-.Cool- gardie, It will be a big centre. There is no water there, true but gold will soon establish its presence, as it did in other parts of the world. I have seen the gold from thence derry and Wealth of Nations. To describe it, is impossible' TShE; Speaker took the chair at half-past four yesterday afternoon, and the Assembly, with very little delay, went into committee on the Noon sELl, taking the second item on the schedule, the railway from Southern Cross to Coolgardie. The acceptance of the work was a foregone conclusion, and the debate upon the item lacked vitality. The Committee assented to the motion without dJvision,.>tcod then the House settled down for a long struggle on the third item, the construction of a railway from Donnybrook towards Bridgetown. Mr. Leake moved the amend agent that the line should be taken of a section of a-through line to Albany. After two j hours' debate, the amendment was negatived, the member for Albany and the member for Plantagenet forming the minority,, a very zeapecMbJb minority the member for Albany said. The discussion on the motion was the resumed, the Speaker warmSy avo-. eatáogithe »soustraction of the line, which was as warmly opposed by the member for Albany, The weather for the Moore spoke favourably of the line, and although he raised the impression that he would vote for the work, after tea he announced it was his intention to oppose it. The member for Gascoyne and other northern members with! the exception of the member for West Kim-) berley-or&osed; the motion, and then the chief feature of the discussion was as expression of its dissatisfaction with the espen-' diture in the north, which, was described as inadequate and out of' proportion -to the revenue derived from' the northern parts of the country. After most of the members had spoken, and several of them had spoken twice, and a few of them three times, -the Premier replied, and was followed by the leader of the Opposition, Mr. Randell, who declares that on this occasion he would support the Govt sonment. The house then divided, the line being carried by 15 votes to 9. The following formed the majority Sir John Forrest, Sir James Steere, Messrs- Hart, Venn, Marmion, Coobr?ortliy, Forrest, Moran, v Paterson, Pearse, Piesse, Eandoll, Richard a son, Solomon, and Wool. The minority was formed by Messrs. Clarkson, Connor, Hassell, Illingworth, James,¡Lea?:«, Simpson, H. Sholl, and E. Sholl. T'ao House rose at 11.35, after i (having debated the question for about six ,~A0¿:rs, and adjourned until half-past seven the following evening, as the afternoon is to bef&evoted; to a Parliamentary rifle match. The Australian Compressed Fodder Company, Ltd., are now sadly misrepresented by Messrs. Strettle & Co. The name of the company hapless the nature of its business, and as -."íthoir^e^ortB have so far been sjytigularly successfully in the Eastern Colonies, Messrs. Strettle A Co. reasonably anticipate that the introduction of the compressed fodder to West Australia will create a demand for this very useful importation. By the price, which is patented, bran, chaff, and mixed fodder is Rightly compressed into blocks, thus making it easy to handle and carry an advantage to in land : travellers that can hardly be other even mated. beats, separately, Mid in the mixed fodder, are craned. All the lines are done up inj281b.;blocks, and each bale contains four blocks, or about lease. of fodder. The space occupied by the bale is only 98. cubic, Messrs. Strettle and Co. announce in our advertising columuQ.ttat only the finest cereals are used. and also intimate that they are prepared to take orders for the fodder in any quantity. The samples left at our office are of gasaliers greatly. 