our j A DEATH 1 ! CERTIFICATE. I f FROM THE DIARY OF A jrt n DOCTOR. ft -'AUTfiORt OLD //£W (continued.) I arrived m London at an early hour the next morning, and going straight to Hanover Square, saw the matron ©f the excellent establishment for trained nurses which is to be found there. described, the case, and ehbse a bright-looking young woman who I was sure had tact as well as experience. Making hasty arrangements that she should start at once, I wired what I had ddne to Will. My own duties were sufficiently arduous to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts during the rest of that day. I returned home, fagged out, at a late hour that evening, and had just desired my servant to bring up supper, of which I stood muoh in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegram 6u a sal ver . " When did this come ? " I asked, looking j at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly darting away to poor Will Raymond and his unhappy little wife. " The telegram came half an nour ago, sir," replied the servant. I tore it open and uttered a groan. I was I not prepared for the news which it contained. ""Mrs Raymond died at three o'clock this afternoon. — Grey.'' j The pink slip of paper fluttered out of my hand, aud I sat in an almost dazed condition for several minutes. I hadinot time, however, for any long meditation. There came a sharp 1 peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to me. This was from Will. It contained the sort of news which I might have expected : — "For God's sake, come to me, Halifax. Come to-night." Alas, it was impossible for me to comply. I had a case to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele graphed to Will telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, but that then nothing should hinder my join ing him. I have nothing special to say about the time wblcb intervened. I had the "'satisfac tion of knowing that I had pulled my pa dent through a severe illness, and, weary but thankful, I stepped into the midnight train which was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived there in the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for me on the platform. He oarae forward to meet me with much eagerness, shook my hand aud looked into my face. His manner was disturbed, ; and his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi- | dently stirred to its depths. I "I am more than glad you have come," he | said. "Raymond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death ; I now think that unless something is imme diately done for his relief, his Brain will go." " Nonsense, nonsense," I retorted. "Ray mond has as steady a brain as any fellow. I know." But then I stepped abruptly. Certain peculiarities with regard to his past history occurred to me, and I was 6ilent. Raymond was undoubtedly my friend, but I knew nothing of the psyohological history of his house. I made up my mind to treat the doctor's fears lightly, and proceed in a steady and cheerful voice : — "You must make fall allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has sustained." 44 Yes, yes," said Grey; "of course, any one would make allowance for grief and even violent distress, but the man's conduct is more than eccentric. Do you know what he has done?" " No," I said. 44 What?" 44 He is going to take that poor dead I young woman home to Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the return of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have" talked 1 over this home-coming a good deal,. and he i says she shall cross the threshold of his house I dead or living. He has given orders that a | coffin is to be made for her out. of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, and, in the mean time, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces sion is to start from hereat 5 o'clock to-morrow morning." 44 So soon?" I inquired. 4 4 Yes, there has been an awful hurry about every thing. All arrangements areno w,ho wever, complete- Raymond has engaged a special train, and the line is to be cleared along the entire route ; of course, at enormous expense. He has asked me to accompany him, hut now that you have arrived, that will scarcely be necessary." 44 Probably not," I answered. We had by this time entered the house, and I Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a dra win groom where I had sat with Raymond a couple of days ago. He was not present ; I looked around for him | anxiously. 44 He is in the room with his poor wife," I said Grev, noticing my perturbed glance ; 44 he spends almost all his time there. The worst place in the world for him, I should say, in his present state of neryons excite- I ment." | 44 Well, I must go and find him," I said j 44 but before I do so I shall be glad if 1 you will give me any particulars in your j power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last J moments. When I loft Llanmordaff two I ago, I had not the slightest feus I for the poor girl's life, I was anxious, of course, with regard to her state, hut my J anxiety pointed altogether to her mental j eondi&bn.; When did a change . for the J worst take place, and why was I not tele- j graphed for immediately ?" 1 44 There was no time. We none of us J thought her dying until , she was dead. 1 j visited her twioe the night you left, and found j her quiet and inclined to sleep. She seemed to like the woman I had seat in to nurse her J pro tem. , and asked her to sit by ber and head her band. Tbe following morning she was 1 very quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at about 10 o'clock, took her temperature, which was normal, and felt her pulse. It I was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how j ever, a very grey hue over her face, and won- j \ dered what her complexion was in health." j 4 'She had a bright complexion," I Answered hastily. "Well, she looked grey, but there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and I thought her desire for sleep a good sign and j begged of the nurre to encourage it as much J as possible. I spoke to Raymond hopefully, J poor fellow, and promised to cadi again at j noon. I 44 1 was hindered coming until nearly one -o'olook. I then saw hex again ; Bhe was asleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past three, I was just about to leave my house to see a patient at a little distance, when the woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that Mrs Raymond was dead. 444 She died in her sleep,' said the woman, 4 without never a sigh or a groan. She just | stopped breathing, that was all.' 44 1 went over at once to the hotel to see her, but Raymond bad locked the door and would not allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard him muttering and moaning to him self, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild expression in his eyes. The moment he saw me he told me I was a 4 confounded fool,' and nsed some more strong expressions which I do not care to re peat. I asked to see the dead woman. With a great oath he swore that not a sonl should look at her now again except himself. " 44 Then you did not see her after death?" I interrupted. 44 No ; there was no use in worrying the poor fellow." 44 And now she Is in her coffin ?" I con- tinned. 44 Yes. fastened up : all ready for her last long journey." I said nothing further, aud in a few moments was in Will's presence. I must draw a veil over the scene which followed. Will's excitement was all too real. He could not keep still for a moment. His eyes were bright and glassy, his hair unkempt ; he had not shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he poured out a volley of eager words. Then he burst into the most j heartrending groans I had ever listened to, 1 The next moment his manner altered ; he j laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of the arrangement he had made for the J funeral. j 44 1 have ordered them to light bonfires," j he exclaimed. 4 Just the same .as if Maggi£ j were alive. We have often talked of those 1 bonfires, aud nothing pleased her more than j to hear of the reception we should receive on I our home-coming. She shall have her coming 1 home all the same, Halifax. I myself will j help to tear her across the threshold of her | house and mine. She shall sleep for at least j one night tinder its roof before she goes to join the other wives of our house in the family I vault. That will please her — yes, that will 1 please her, poor darling." j " But she won't know anything about it," I replied.' Will fixed me with his bright eyes. 44 How can you tell ?" he retorted. 44 Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine? No, no ; you won't get me to believe that. We are twin spirits, and it is im possible to part us. There was a cloud over the sweet soul during the last few days of her life ; but Death has lifted it, she is mine again now." _ | He paused abruptly here, locked his hands | together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if he were looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : 1 44 1 have an impression, Halifax, that in | the future a spirit will haunt Raymond j Towers. Nothing will induce Maggie to j stay in her grave when I am living olose to her. Do you believe in gbosts ?" I retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but to soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane at present, he was evidently on the borderland. When he became a little more reasonable I tried to show bm how more than absurd his different arrangements were. 44 You think you are showing respect Tor your poor wife's memory for all this Borfc of thing," I said. 44 But you are greatly mis- tskpn — people will pity her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain." 44 It has not done that," he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. 44 1 am all right as I far as my brain is concerned, and if you j tfrfnkj Halifax, that I care that"— snapping his lingers with a loud click as he spoke — 44 for what anyone thinks of _ me, you are finely mistaken. M&ggie; is dead, but her spirit . lives. All ri»© future of my life will be devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until— until I meet her and clasp her again. There was an exalted , sort of look about his face. I saw it was hopeless to argue with hiin. There was nothing whatever tor it but to humor him and let this ghastly travesty of woe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was sitting in the dnawingroom of the inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to the clause which obliged him to certify the fact of death having taken place, he had reoourse to words provided in the corticate for medical men who had not seen the dead body. 44 Ixegret beyond words," I said, "that you did not see Mre Raymond after death. You are unable to state as an eye-witness that you saw her. For my part I should be glad to see the present law altered. I would make it compulsory that no doctor Bhould sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." 44 That would be well In most cases," answered Grey, " but there are exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in thin case. You may remember that I did express a wish to see the tedyq-but was prevented by Mr Raymond's extraordinary behavior.' 44 "Well, it cannot he helped now," I said. "Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shock — the said syncope or shock was caused by tbe railway accident which occurred a few days ago. Were this known a coroner's inquest would have been neces sary. We mast be careful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband intense pain, which is for every reason to he avoided." 44 Certainly," said Grey. 44 By the way," I asked, 44 did the nurse, who must have arrived from London yester day morning, see the body ?" 44 No; Ray mend would not allow her near the rocm. Of course, Mrs M4Allieter, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, aud the under taker's men had to measure her for the coffin, or rather shell; but no one else has eeen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. I am told that he put her into the coffin himself and screwed the lid down with his own hands. " I turned away. I had nothing farther to add, and soon afterwards retired to my room. I had scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, .before £ was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered that Mre Raymond was lying in her coffin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggie Raymond ! I re called her face as it was when I first saw it. A more innocent and a happier face it would have been difficult to Sbs, but even then I was attracted by something peculiar in her eyes — they were beautiful; but it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw her for tbe last time — she sat up in bed and played with her soft hair. Then the mystery which d velt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which gave her that peculiar ex- preseion. This insanity had teen radely j awakened into active life by the shock of the I railway accident. | Well, no wall was over. A short life had come to an abrupt termination. There was I no use worrying about Maggie — she bad gone I to join the majority. Nothing of life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, 1 my real regret, was for poor Raymond. Through the long hours of the night I j heard him walking up and down the room J which contained his wife's coffin. Now and j then I heard his groans, and once, good God ! j I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case | similar to his wife's? Was he, too, fast be- i coming insane ? I turned over in my mind 1 several plans for helping him, and in the 1 midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and at five o'clock on this winter's morning, in the midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little station, carry ing all that was mortal of poor Mre Raymond back to her husband's home. I do not think in my whole life I ever ex perienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this journey. We had a saloon carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which tbe coffin was placed. I was glad to find that the excitement which had rendered Raymond's conduct so strange the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speak ing a word, but now and then laying his big hand with a caressing movement on the lid of the coffin, and now and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did not like the smile, nor the sort of satisfied expression on his faoe. Had he been plunged in the deepest woe, I could have un derstood him. He looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mine as was the jpM woman who lay in her coffin. I wondered how all this was going to end, and my fears with regard to Raymond's mental condition wane considerable. The longest journeys come at last to an end, however, and In the darkness of evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distant from Raymond Towers. Here the stationmastcr and several gentle men from the neighborhood met us. They were all dressed in mourning, and I saw that this fact roused poor Raymond's indirnt-mn at onoe. 44 1 don't want this to be a mournful pro- I cession," he said, in a testy tone, to a neigh- i bor who came and with deep feeling shook 1 the poor fellow by the hand. 44 1 am not conventional, and I don't wish anything oon- i ventional to be done. Where is mv steward P I Where is Berring?" 44 Here, sir," answered the man, taking off his hat. 44 Benin?, have you attended to all my orders — bonfires, and all that sort of thing ?" Berring muttered something which no one could quite distinguish. There was a bustle on the platform owing to the removal of the coffin, which was placed on a bier covered with a white velvet cloth. At this moment a touohing thinghappened— sixyoung girls came forward mid laid wreaths of white Sowers on theooffin. They were daughtere of neighbor irig squires. . This token of respect touched Raymond, who feat up and shook hands with oneof them, and fortunately forgot to ask atty thing more about the bonfires. . I saw the gentlemen - who had-' come to inert ., Him -and to offer tbefr hearty sympathy and, condolences looking at one another in a very . iignifioant manner, and I alec saw that the moment had oome lot tie to interfere. I went up and took my friend firmly by the arm. " Hands off," he said, pushing me from him with some violence. But I would not notice this. 44 Come," I said, 44 your carriage is wait ing. Don't make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with you in the carriage. See, they are akeady moving forward with " 44 My wife — my bride !' said Raymond. ft How often we talked of this home-coming 1 Halifax, my dear fellow, I feel dazed. What has come to me \- 44 You are tired and worn out," I answered, soothingly. "Come." 1 took his arm.and he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the mourning carriages, the solemn look of the hearse on in front. It was a moon-lit and fine night, and the whole ghastly procession was, I could see, viewed the entire way by lines of sp ctators.. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Ray mond never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenne which Jed to the Towers, and after a time drew up at the principal entrance, in the centre of the pile of buildings. 44 This door is never opened except for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," said Raymond, in a light tone. 44 Heigh-ho !" he continued, 44 what a home coming for the bonny bride." He sprang out of the oarriage and went up to the hearse. The bearers came forward to lift the coffin out. He pu-hed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to carry bis dead wife across the threshold ot her home. The coffin was placed on a raised dais in the great central hall. This dais was completely covered with flowers. Raymond, having helped to put the coffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than he had strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered his facd with his big hands, and rushed from the sc-ene. I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and I felt a flight sense of satis- faction as I closed the wide doors on the test of them. An old. white- headed butler was standing in the hall. rih face was perfectly soared. 44 Good God !" he exclaimed. 41 May I ask, sir, if you're a doctor ?" 44 Yes," I replied. 44 Can you tell me what's the matter with my poor master ?" 44 He is out of his mind for the time being." I answered, promptly. 44 Then God help us all," replied the man. 44 What is your name V" I inquired of him. 44 Jasper, sir. I have served the family for doss on thirty years. I was in the house when Mr William was born. He was never quite like other lads, more shy like and morose a bit — but, oh, the change in him when begot engaged to Miss Travers ! Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young lady V 44 It was very sudden," I replied. 44 I will tell yon about it later on. I don't mind say ing now that your master's condition fills me with anxiety, but the best thing all the rest 3t us can do is to keep our heads. What is the came of the steward!" 44 Barring, Mr Barring." 44 1 will see him by-and-by. Have all preparations been made for the funeral oere- mony to-morrow 44 1 believe eo, doctor — the oak coffin was sent in to-day." 'Tell Mr Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for the night." 44 Be will sleep here to-night, sir." 44 That is go >d," I replied. 44 1 am going to your master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring." 44 Yes, doctor.'' The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white colfia, which was now almost covered with flowers. I looked at it, too, and could not help uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragedy which it containeJ. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his study, warming his hands by a blazing fire. He had quite recovered from Jiis temporary break down, and once again 1 saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. 44 Gome in," he said to me when he saw me at the door ; 44 not that we want you— we are very happy here together ; I kne w that we thcnld be." I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a farther develop ment of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow that his wife was really bearing him company. After a moment's hesitation, I determined to speak in a cheerful tone. 44 Cjme, come," I said, "even though you are happy you must not turn out an old friend." I drew a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. " She goes away when you comeiu," he said. 44 1 wish ycu would leave us." 44 1 will presently," I answered, 44 1 want some supper, and so do you. Ah, and here it c> mes. Lay it on that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that will do nicely." The man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and iueUted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to find that he was hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became lees exalted and more natural ia expression. 44 She's dtrad," he said, suddenly. 44 1 can't quite realise it." 44 Have a glass of sherry," I interrupted. He took it from my hand and toBsed it off. 44 She's dead," he continued, 44 although her spirit has come to ma as I knew it would . Hers was the first dead body lever saw. She looked beautiful iu her last sleep." 44 1 am sure she did," I answered. 44 1 should like to have seen her." ' I always taonght that dead people were cold," He continued ; 41 hut she was warm— - after death she was vei y . wf«m. . The next day she was cold, but not ioy — not as books des cribe thedeed." _ 44 Shedied suddenly and was young, I answered. 44 Sometimes chemical changes ac count fox warmth after death. Now, Ray mond, I am going to see you to your loom You must go to bed at once." 44No ; I shall stay here." 44 Just as you please," I answered. 44 There Is a sofa here, a comfortable one. You must lie down aud go to sleep." 44 My dear fellow," he answered, 44 1 have not slept since Maggie died." 44 You will to-night, for I am going to give you a sleeping draught. " 44 1 don e think I'll take it. Should she visit me again, she would think my conduct heartless." 44 No, she won't — she sleeps well, and so must you. - Come, lie down. You need not even undress ; all I want you to do is to rest." He was a bigger, man than I, but I forced him to obey me. He lay down obediently on the sofa. I put a rug over him, and then going to my bag which lay on the floor, I took out a small medicine chest, mixed a certain draught, -and. gave it to. him. In five minutes, he was soundly asleep, and I poald leave the room. 1 " Birring was waiting to speak to me. Old Jasper hovered about in the passages. Berring assured me that all was ready for the morrow's ceremony. I said I wished it to be as quiet hs possible, and to take place early in the day. Berring said this should be done, and proposed that Mr Herbert, the vicar, who was to officiate, should come and see me that evening. 4 4 1 will see him to-morrow," I said. "It is too late now." Then the men began to question me with regard to Raymond. 44 Was he really in sane ? Had Mrs Raymond gone out of her mind before she died ? " 44 1 am sorry that I am unable to answer you," I replied. 44 Mrs Raymond died from the effects of shock, caused by a railway accident, and her husband's mind is at present in a very disturbed con dition. If great care is exereised, however, and he is spared all undne excitement, I trust soon to see an improvement in him. I am now going to sit in his room, and will wish yon good-night." The men retired, arid I went softly back to the shaded study, and sat down in a chair by the fire. Raymond was sound asleep. I knew that by his tranquil and regular breath ing. I also thought it extremely unlikely that he would wake before the morning The bromidia I had given him would produce deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. There was possibility also that he might- awake calm, self- possessed, and in his right mind once more. to be coxtrntjed.j 