POINT AND PARffY. I fBr 'Prids foeth bators iestnistisn, aad a kanghty spirit before a fall*' Basayaththe wife and apparently boa. members at the Legislative Oounoil are bent upon giving the pravarb iti practical illustration, Oer taiuy, i have never sesn men ride mere de liberately far that tall. and, seeing thattheir hearts are m eet upon coming a cropper, it wonld almost be a pity te baulk then of their hvmar. We have beard a deal from the other aide of the world about aeadlng ot ending the House of Lords. Of cenrte the phrase is one that has caught on beoaase of the jingle it embodies. Whet is meant ii merciy the assertion af a necessity Cor reform, and in this ssnec it will apply with equal {sice to tbe Antipodean Houses ef Lords io more colonies than those still preserving the nominee system. Among them Tasmania takea prominent place, for, judged en the evidence ef this Bastion, 1 am prepared te mainttin that, however desirable , may be the maintenance of the bicameral , system, if the trleks ear Senators have played ever the put few months had been attempted in any of the neighboring calanies, i and the alternative to the mending of the ; i« Lords' were the ending of tbem, they wonld even now be devoted to certain, swift destruction. Most* noticeable and most otj actionable has been their complete failure to realise the responsibilities of their position, or their reckless indifference to the nccciiities ef the Btate. It is known, and admitted, outside tbe hallowed precincts of that ?acred Senate house, that we must pay onr Way 5 that w c must help the Treasurer to his nesdlnl revenue; and, therefero, the common shoulders have prepared themselves to bear the Inevitable burden. But iniide there has been a careless disregard of this Btate necessity, which is apparently as wanton u it is mltohieveue. Instead of helping the Treasurer to square accounts, hen. members ef tbe Oeaneil have baulked him In every direction, as if they were eo many Alec. Bannermans, determined to prolong their innings by persistent blocking, Ia stead ot rendering assistance, they have (and seeminglv for the sheer delight of it) adopted tbe role cf the little boy who, watching a complicated piece of machinery in motion, wantonly throws an iron bolt raeng the cranks and cogs, and so brings the whole concern to grief nnntterabla. Begard for the publio welfare they have bad none, and in this respecc one oan imagine them, well fitted by the Tennyaonlan lines, ' Let us swear an oath, and keep it with an equal mind In thiJ boilow Lotua-land to live and lie re* c lined On tbe hills* like gods together, eareleis of mankind.' Indeed, the anooeedlng lines ef the poem would be equally appropriate M For tbey lie beside their nectar, and their bolts are hurled Far below them in tbe valleys; and the olouds are lightly curled Bound tbeir golden bouses, girdled with the gleaming world.' ft* *rh* T illustration just reoori, It is rint % drunken Irishman, who having beaten his wife into a jelly, and smashed np all the furniture and crockery, was thus pathetically addressed by the cowering yietlm— ' 'Ah, Dennis, allannah, why is it that ye trate mc like this f Why do ye bate me, and kiok me, and miscall me ? Bhure, haven't I bin a goad wife to ye, and a good mother to yer childer 7 Then wby do ye do it, aathore V ' X' ahow my authority ! ' waa the reply of tbe drunken beast. And that's about what is the matter with the Oounoil. m m The 'action of* this au/ast body, in re jecting the totalisator tax, is splendidly illustrative of iti whole prooeodingi, Ths tax would have yielded revenue, lt would have obtained it from those best able to pay, instead of those least able to pay, and it wonld have stamped out the tobacconist shop totes, which do more to demoralise the , rising generation and encourage the gambling I aplrit than all other similar agencies pat , together. But, apparently tor these reasons, the noble Senators rejected the bill, and now exalt in. the embarrassment ol the Treasuier, supported by tbe applauding voices ot tbeir proteges, the tote proprietors. Now, it 1 were aaked to write an appropriate d.tty fir the use of these mighty mtgaateB, and one tbat should give due pruminance to the orinciple on which they conduct their pro ceedings, 1 think I shonld do it something alter this fashion— TIVE LI BAGATELLE, j Booke Ohantant, j Ou business and intention Is to let these people know, Which Chamber has the running Of the Legislative show. and, however much the country May regard it as its knell, To justify our cri dr gvrrf, Of— Jo bagatelh ! Bo send along your Taxing Bills, Yoar Boad Bills and the rest, ' On which you claim that you havo done Your little level best ; while we maim and mangle them, Upon the air shall swell, Triumphantly, our chatter-phrase Of— Vice la bagatelle! We'll point you ont new imposts, Or at any rate make bold Te atop yon using others, Be they either new or old. And in showing you how all your work Slay prove an empty rell, Yon'U understand the pertinence Of — 1 ive la bagatelle! It may be aaid onr action In such matters but sueoeeds In taking trom tbe Treasurer Ihe coin he sorely needs ; But who cares it the country Ooes te ruin dire, pell mell, fio long u we can raise our shout Ol—Yive la bagatelle ! The public creditor may kssek And And us not home ; The publio ledger still may stand A great unbalanced teme ; £ut yet the fun will be for us To laugh, and almost yell, While baulking all your best attempts, Tim/ Yite la bagatelle! 'Encourage colonial isduBtry' is a cry that has an old-time ring about it, and which has still as much force as ever. It Is indeed generally conceded that only by saoh measa oan there be any hope at material progress, auah as will counteract the deadly depres sion trom which we, in common with our neighbors, are still suffering. The recogni tion ol this tact is on the lace of the phrase that has now eame into general use, 'tbe development of onr natural raourcef,' mean Ins ®ot only tho prosecution cf mining enter S rises* but the making of cheese, bntter, acen, or any other term ot industry by wbieh new sources of wealth are opened np. Saving in view the importance of this general matter, it is therefore eminently eatifltaotory to notice on the window of a ?hep in Brisbane-street, now being prepared for ?oeeopaney, the legend 'Oasts of heads taken;' then on tho 'return' part ol the front the continuation of the announcement, « Repairs ft apwuJity,' ^ What a glorioss opportunity the on ooaragement of this new term of colonial industry— the development of this novel, matnral resource opens up to, say, chuckle beaded members of Parliament, nembskall municipal magnates, and prominent psblic officers i Until sew it haa baea considered i »w when a mam starts in the race of lite nader the handicap of si dolichocephalic ?kali and a prognathic facial angle he has to eacry the overweight to the end of the jour may, But this opens up a totally differ ent prospect. For, if the case be ever so tad, It la only to have a east of the faea-2, wd tben to give orders lor executing tbe necessary repairs. Under such a course of treatment tbe want of that ergan o! veneration which I* r.e; sponsible lor the sarcasms of a Macdon&xu; woald be readily remedied. The combative moss of a Ofaiby GHmore could be changed into tbe suavity of a Button, and evan Barrett's cranial development night be no improved as to permit the magnificent illumination of his le-oigxnieod Intelligence on the vexed question ol the ?leotrie light. V V V V I Tbe law ef nature ia a law of recompenses. I jEUl Is »on tbft& tortnute, it ii prondi&« tial ; and eo it comes that when the worn and weary traveller is faint alnost to death in traversing the arid desert sands ef life he often changes te strike some green aula whose purling waters and grateful ehade refresh hia jaded spirits, renew bis failing energies, set a bright hops tor the future before his eyes, and send him on his way rejoicing. This is the sort of Palmyra ia the wilderness 1 etruok last Tuesday night when 1 want te see ' The Huffs' do 'Ab Yoa Like It.' Verily it was tbe grateful, green oasis in the aandy Sahara of amateur effort that has had upon me the effect of a splendid dramatic pick me-up or corpse-reviver, and bas sint me on my way rejoicing, with a newbelitf in human possibilities. 1 differ from many people touching the capacity ot amateurs te interpret Shakespeare, and strongly hold that as rcgnrde certain pHsages they, and they alone, are competent te make yon understand the full physiological force, the insleht, and marvellous analytic beauty of Shakespearian text. Herein 1 regard the average amateur as a man with a mission. Far how without his assistance can you possibly realise the foil meaning of Hamlet's critical observation, ' 0, there be players that 1 have seen play, and heard others praise, and tbat highly, not to speak it profanely, that, neither hiring the accent of Ohristtan, nor the gait of Christian, pagan, nor man, havo so Btro'.ted and bel lowed that 1 have thought same ol nature's journeymen bad ms.de men, and bad not made thorn well, they imitated humanity so abominally.' Think, too, bow tbe experience of the mm who seeks distraction from the ordinary worries and annoyances of life by attending an amateur dramatic performance helps bim to attain that frame of mind which for all the Inture 'makes us rather bear those ills we have than fiy to others that we know not of,' Bo the ordioary amateur justifies the reason ol hiscxistence, and helps to bear iu uponthe mind ot bis fellows who from tbe glories of the stage, have gravitated to the glare of the cirole or gloom of the pit, that in very truth ' tbe gods are just, and of our pleasant vices make iustrumi-nti te plague us.' Having thus proved that, like chilblains and mosquitoes, even amateurs have their uses, I may prooced to confess that ' The Muffs' most undoubtedly constitute the ex ception that proves the role— of coarse 1 mean with rcepect to capacity, cot use. To aay that I was as delighted an surprised at their Shakespearian essay would be to express the matter very mcdestly, for after the third act I felt liko quoting Shakespeare myself, and txciaimlng with Macbeth— ' Can such things be, And overcome us like a summer's cloud Without our special wonder ?' Taken upon its level range ot merit, 1 never saw a better presentation of the play by any professional company. Generally, when in such production* stock actors are playing up to stars, or the company is depending on its own resources, the tall suffers by comparison with tbe bead. The lead and the more prominent characters are capably filled, then the minor parts are allotted to supers, dressers, scene shifters, or other members ot the genus atige hand, and so the average merit ot the play sadly suffers. Apropos of this, I well remember assisting at a representation of ' Macbeth' with Henry Neil Warner in the lead and Ann! j Lcckhart as Lady Hacbetht when we were stuck for a first murderer. At last tbe pianist was roped in, hia trousers rolled atiove his knees, his faoe touched np with burnt cork, s table-cloth hastily thrown over his shoulders abd tied round his middle, and with a few hasty words of instruction I he was shoved on. fie gagged through j somehow. In his want ot veneration for 1 Shakespeare he waa just an Archangel at inventing appropriate, or Inappropriate tex The people stood it splendidly ; bnt even the least educated among them seemed to fancy there wts something wrong a*-out it. when, in answer to llaobeth's enquiry touching Baeqno, *' Is he despatched ?' our ivory-thumping first murderer chipped in i with 11 You bet your sweet life he is, my Lord. We elit hjs bloomin' throat from ear to ear.' F&aiiug; Mrs B&lfe;'s Rosalind as worthy to take rank with tbe best known exponents of the part in Australia, it was the completeness of the pl&y; iu theso minor details tbat placed lt upon so high a plaa^ ot excellence. Auiroy, William, Fhttbe, Corln, and Bjlvlus were as 1 good in their way us Jacques and Touch* stone, especially the two former, &nd; la Audrey's oase the meilt was ihe | greater because of the difficulty iu ! getting lady amateurs to play any parts bat those in wbich they can wear Worth costumes and look liko French fashion TTonlno 'Tha Mnff. ' 1 *ra mnrfl than ever isouvlcp^d tbat the law ot nature is indeed a law of pompeaiitians, and that the oasis may be raachcd U you have only thti fisurage to plod on through tbo desert, and do not give up the ghost en route. ' As You Like It' furnished the proof positive, and now I can truly sing 1 have been where the amateur cet haB been eprc&i; For the souls ot the living, by mocking the dead ; I have mixed with tbe mnititod£ suffering there Witb a fortitude born of a speechless de6' pair ; 1 have heard Dcidemona so imicfuUy squall That you wished tbey woald smother bcr once and tor all, Ani have known halt the folks in the circle avow That ' We never have aat out her murder till now.' 1 h&ve; seen them make ' Hamlet H so feartal a show That you wondered it Shakeipeare his brain child woald know, And after the ran have been ia at the deatb Blchard and Borneo, Lear and Maobeth ; tfcive witnessed it all, and have seen how a ich cheek. IB the front could (te anguish of spirit b speak, Fc in truth, I mast evea admit, to my a lame, 1 ta ive taken a hand in the murderous game. Bnt ' Tbe Unffs' represent, as 1 frankly con cede, An amateur type of a different breod ; And their mission, 1 take it, ie now to atone For the merclhsj smelly others have Shown ; Bo Palmam qui meruit f^rot, I say, AM this withont meaning the phrase to convey ine rainiest approacn io snmenna pans, For— trot out your mastero if these be yonr ' Muffs.' The Shakespearian referenoe haa just re minded me of an amusinz incident which proved how correct are wo English at to tbe universal recognition which tbe genius of the mighty master mind has reoeived. Bignor Iorio, one of the bassos of the last Italian Opera Oompany introduced by I Hadame Bimonsen, spoke a little — a very I little— Bcgiiab, pno day, in conversation with certain ladies uud g?ptl'. men prominent in the musical world, tne ukuc qf. Shake* spears veas mentioned as that of a Rrtat ] dramatic author. ' Shr.krpeerl Bhakspeerl' said the dn'cet-voiced Italian, ' Who vas he 7'' 11 Oh, you must rcmsmber, Bignor, ' said tbo late Madame Lucy Chambers, ' Hamleto, Otello, Borneo et Gullietta?'* 41 Ah, yes, yes, 1 do remembatre,' interrupted Iorio, ' He vas ce librettist,1' Speaking of the late Aladame Lusy recalls a quaint touch of characteristic humor for which she stands responsible. It was when James U'Uahon m&de;^the terrible mistake, which brocght his own fortunes and those of the Melbourne Opera House down by tbo ran, ot introducing those three Amerioin blaok frosts, 'Evangeline,' 'The Ooautry Fair,' and 'Honest Hearts and Willing Hands,' the last named to introduce tbe ebampion frost of the lot, John L- Sullivan. fiarri«6$, who wrote the drama last-named, was pitying: the lead, liise Badie Stringham had just retired Fith tbe 41 Oountry Fair' failure, and meeting Madame Lucy one day she pressed her to accept an invitation to dinner. Now, dew come,' said Iff belle Amsricanne 'and you'll meet Donean B. Harrison ?' ' Yes — who 1b Duncan B. Harrison?' enquired Uad&noe; Lncy, ' Why, the author ot ' rioZ4*** Hearts and Willing H&td;*;' and perbapa, too, vOn'u &***? Greft' Ma® himself. ' Indeed,' * w 'lan£ wbo may the Great Man Wby, don t yon know? John L. Snllivan, ^ ®Wis0. ' Great Heavens murmured MvdaH!A Lucy in the tar ol a sympathising friend. ' What Jiave I done, that in my old age I should be regarded as one honored by an introduction to a pHee-fighter 2 ' V V V V Chaoun a sen f*ut, says the Frenoh pro verb, tbe Eaglish form ot which is 'Svcry one to bis taste,' aa the old woman said when ehe kissed her oow, The maxim thus dsubly sponsored must ba respected j but Btill one oannot help cxclalming against the execrable taste which induoed the responsible officer in the Audit Department to question tbe action of the Onstoms officer wbo recently passed free certain posr mouldering relies ol humanity which the affeotloa of thosi bereaved had caused to bo shipped ts them frem another colony, bo that the dust of the one they loved might lie near to them, and not among strangers. I bave a pretty keen appreciation of the humorous, and can see the amusing side ot most tragedies ; but 1 altogether fail to see the fun of the ghastly joke which notified tbe oollecter that because corpses were not on tbo tree list they should be made pay the 20 per cent. ' unanumerated' duty. It Is generally supposed that Sydney Smith, about exhausted taxing possibility, in bis iketrh of the price John Bull pays for glory — ' Taxes on everything tbat enters the month, that covers the baok, or is placod under foot,' ctc., and he imagined that be had finished tho subject when bio doad Englishman was 'gathered to bis father to be uxed no moro.' The Audit Offioe joker can ' see' Bydney Smith and go one bt'.ter sinoe be proposes to tax the poor human tenement even after the tenant has departed, and for the sake et exhibiting his owe punctilious folly he haa perpetrated a cruel and a scandalous outrage en tbefeelloge of tbe sorrowing friends, thus adding to a grief which every man ot ordinary sensibility wonld have respected. It this was done te at* tract the attention of bis ministerial head I sincerely hope be may realise bis heart's desire, and be taught by the result that it is quite possible for a man to be altogether too cxcraciatlngly fanny. A cei-tain amonnt of comment has fol lowed npon the action of the men drawing rditf pay from the State for work on the In veresk embankment, i u dropping tbeir toola to boot the shearers who recenty left by the Pateena, en rttute for Qaeanshnd. This is very wrong, and fails to take account ol the facts that tbe embankment patriots aoted most consistently. 1'aey are like unto the mau who exclaims,' It is respectable to owe, and b≻ is the slavo wot pa)S 1' Tbe slave's conduct is a reflection upon their own, and they resent it accordingly. Tbe Invereskers have learnt to look to the Government aa theirearthly Providence. It's business, in their eyes, is to relieve them of aU responsibility abont obtaining work lor themselves, and to tax their more induBtriouB, or at _ any rate more enterprising, fellows to furnish them , with a living. True the living is a bare one, : but there is tbe saered principle of parasitic development to be maintained. Therefore, when a set of reckless innovators wanting work not only go afield to find it, but abso lutely propose to earn a pound while tbe Inveresk patriots earn a dollar, it is quite right, proper, and just, as it ought to be( that these latter shonld resent this reflec tion on tbeir own line of action, and give vent to their virtuous indignation by vigor* ons bootinge. Yerlly it may be said— Tbe matter proves more forcible Than many sage epistles, That people can't get grapes from thornfi Nor gather pigs trom whistles. 