ODDS AND ENDS. Beauty: ia scarcely an offset to stupidity. ! The man-who ia scared at ghosts is atraid of nothing. ... j ■ When money talks, even the purest does not stop to criticise its grammar. j He ho would see himself as others see him let him be a candidate for office. • " ' . Many an orator'proves that it is not impos sible to' ,niix the oil of eloqueneewith tlie water of a very weak argument. I ' A- man never appreciates what<a.Tgocjd servant his memory has been until he forgets something. : .1. . ! ,. Can anybody give a good renson why clocka sHould'not strike when they are'required to work over time ? .. ' 1 Manya coffin iscovored with roses,by hands that never before gave its occupant anything but'thorns. ' v ; It is easy enough to say that you wish'your enemy no evil, but wait" until something happensto him and see if you can help f feel ing glad. . ■ _ ; Sir Heniy Thompson has'offered'£5,000 to the nation to provide Greenwich Observatory with a photographic telescope haying an aper ture of26inches.■ ,1 . | It lsa woll-kriowri fact that with the samo kind of food and the same quantities of it oiie man will fail to keep his horses in condition where another/will thorouglilysucceed. | The system of numbering the hours of the day from 1- to 24 has been^adopted by tHe Italian railways, and is in use for all tinie schedules. ! Balzac wnceaHiTery lorcuutj mi/miy made is either due to luck, a discovery, or the result of a legal robbery. j Reports from Florida state that the alli gator is rapidly-becoming extinct. It is re ported that fully 2,500,000 'of them haje been killed in the past dozen years. More nonsense is talked about getting tip early that probably on any other. subject. Tha proper time to get up is when the sleeper is rested—neither before nor after. The ago of,whales is ascertained by the si za and number of laminte of the whale bone which increases-yearly. Ages of 300 and 400 years, have been assigned^to whales from these Indications.' • • * •••■• i , Zola used to bo very corpulent. . To re duce his weight' he abstained from drinking afc his m'Ofils for two montfisj and ^n that time got rid of 36 pounds of superfluous adi pose. We have employment assigned : to ns for every eiicuiiisUince in life. When wo are alone, wg hare our thoughts to watch ; in our family, our tempers ; and in socioty, outf, tonsues. ' ' : ' ; i Douglas Jerrold writes :—What a fiiio looking thing is war •! Yos, dresa it as wo may, dress and feather it, daub it with gold, huzear it, and sine swaggering :songs about it—what is it 1 Nino times out of ten but murder in uniform. Apropos of Lord Rosebery's horae, tho original Ladas'. lias not a horso,: but a man. He ws.3 a courier employed by Alexander ths Great, who obtained a crown at Olympia, and wsb honored by a brazen statue set up on the banks of the Eurotus..- •• The surprising statement comes from Folkstono that' a lady resident near there for over forty.years in single: blessedness has at length been 4 won' and' 163 to,the altar by, a widower, as tho result of a courtship dating back for half a century. ,Tho bride's age • is seventy-five, and that of . the bridegroom sevonty-four.. 1 In tho opinion of Dr;.'Parker a sermon should be 'an oratorio for variety, for color, for unity.' ' If it proceed upon a dead level,' ho s&ys;, ' ton minutes may be too long, but if it bo marked by Hying and Hympathotic variety, then the hearors will nbvor think of the clock. Monotony is tho great clock maker.' That a wito itm longer survive uiu pun uui of har joys and sorrows than will a husband is proven by recently published insurance statistics, according 'to- rihioh the woman lives, on nn average, eleven years and the man nine years after the death of the other half. It is said that Phillip D. Armour, the richest man in Chicago, will never talk; of himself.- An interviewer asked him to say in tho fewest possiblo words how ho had accomplished so much, and got chis—'By keeping my mouth shut.' A strange custom is still observed in a Hungarian town on St. Joseph's Day. Two young women, who have been married'within the psBt twelve months, go to tho market place and offer themselves to bo kissed at eo much money per kiss. Rudyard Kipling's neighbors in Vermont oharactoriso him as ' odd.' Ho is never seen nithout hia pipe, nover carries spending money with him, wears shabby olothes, says 'begad' a great deal, drives shaggy horses, and likes to play with his baby. Perhaps the chief point of objection on tho part, of Kipling's American neighbors is that; he makes a ri^id discrimination in the ehoico of bin acquaintances. } Mr, Archibald Forbes, tho war correspon dent:, t7ill contributes t'u the'Juno number of " Scribncr" a pr.per on ' The Futuro of .the Wonnded in War,' in which tho rsrifcor pro; diets, fchnt the grout efficiency :qf .modcrii weapons and the Immense armies- which .trill bo brought into conflict will make the o-jnditio'n-of the wounded vary much irOrao th^nifc ha3 eror been in modern wars—20, in human, in fact, that it will lead to'the final abolition of war by civilised nations. If ;'.n elephant wag as far-sounding ;i?> a nightingnlo in projjortion to his bulk, £hi.s trumpeting could bo easily heard round Jlho world. On'liko conditions, an ox bellowing in Australia could be hoard in New York, about lo hours after making tho noise. LExperimer.ta^Jflo.shQwJhatpcrson.^pe^fcing I iu the opou air caaJx) ke;ird ;U}out sqa.iHyjsa well asVtdfiv'd&tehcii; ono^Kandrod feet] in ffont,'SQVonty-fiva at each aidfc,' ,-uidffc'airty pc-, hind. '■■ 1 ■ .nil •c-.-l' '| • ••• . . An ..amusing story ia.. told., in. connection with tho proceedings against the Anarchists in London::'"'Ah interpreter was employed! to translate. noiao documents found "on tho prisoners! Among them was a" proscription for an explosive compounded of chlorate of potassium, sugar, and sulphuric something I oIbo whioh was found quite untranslatable, The interpreter showed the prescription to several Italian chemists, who wore unable' to say what the mysterious word mightmean. The last cheriiisfc'visitod, however, took the paper in Ilia hands, and read, it with an air of profound wisdom, and remarked, 'This is a capital proscription,land, if your friend takes it three times a jdayj: it will aoou , improve hirn:'7~ - 1 , An amusinft story (anya thoi"Globe") is told of Professor Henry Morloy. Some year'ffngo when the ' slummirig'cbponi was occupyiug general attention* he was accosted one day by a peculiarly emaciatod and ragged individual, •who solicited aid in moving terms. Professor Morley, who - was never proof against auch potitions, responded with a silver coin. 'Thank: you, Professor Morley ; I'm much obliged,.', said the man. 1 You know'me, oh ?' 'Yes,T; attended .your locturos at-King's. College in 1S60.' 'Dear, dear, I'm sorry to see you in this state.' 'Not at all, my dear Professor. I am doing some articles for my paper, and the editor insists; on "my making my researches in character. Will you dine with me to-night ?' and he handed a card bearing a well-known namo. 