. A Mother's Plans. Moral You may Bring a Horse to Water,' Etc. ' I am invited down to Bnlkeley on purpose —I am perfectly aware of the fact— and I ge, beoauss I know I can manage the situation. Ho one ever oalled me a ' nice girl,*' but they have often said 1 am clever, and even spiteful. 1 am. He is an only son, I am an only daughter. He has money and position. So have I. That makes all tbe difference. It wonld not be of tbe slightest advantage to either of us that we should marry, and yet there is an imbecile desire on the part of our respective parents that Algernon Bnlkeley and 1 should hit it off together. Algernon and I played together as children. I am two years his senior, thongh he doesn't know it. I am thoroughly acquainted with his character, but he knows abiolntely nothing ot mine. He considers me charming, bat ecoentric ; pretty, but not ' smart,' and he hasn'c tbe slightest inten tion of proposing. 1 am the standing dish cut. Algernon knows I don't want to be cut, and respects me accordingly. He and I are the best ot friends, and he is stolidly delighted when 1 aocept his mother's ire qnent invitations to Bnlkeley. 1 have ueeu there at least half-a- dozen times this season. Why should 1 not? It Is a charming place— it will never be mine— the air is good, and revives my faded roses ; 1 meet nica people there, and I occasionally do a little flirtation on my own aooount, Algernon looking tamely oa. His father is devoted to me, and bis mother loves me like the danghter-in-law 1 never *hai) be. Algernon is a yonng man of a heavy, dougn-like consistency, with the air of a gentleman. He has a bad figure, but he is faultlessly dressed. He has settled opinions oa politics, the wheat crop, and the tariff. He does everything decently aud in order, and never mixes hu wines. I respect him, | No girl could, 1 think— no offence to Algernon. His mother luvishimsojealonsJy, aud keeps ouoh a utriot watch on his tardy affections, and pulls them up by the roots so often, that it is no wonder that at the age of twenty-nine Algernon is still a bachelor. Only to me does ehe allow a free j,Qt should he tend, by so muoh as the flloter of an tfflid, to asy mother woman, she notes it and makes his ilfe-a burden to him. Algernon naturally prefers a quiet life, and is careful to give her no cause for urn* brage as regards other girls, bnt he dis* tInBElv nimnnncpi nl.n- i ? ? carefully studied system of neglect in public. The cold shoulder which Algernon heaves at me at breakfast, lunob, and dinner, Is quite unmisttkable. His programme never alters. On Saturday night he hardly addresses a syllable to me. On Sunday he goes on a long bicycle ride, and comes home to supper hungry and sleepy. On Monday morning be breaks through the ice of his reserve— the end is so near— and takes me a solemn walk round the garden. Teen he talks twenty to the dosen— and all a aout himself. Oddiy enough, this adamantine ycung gentleman has a heart of the softest, and it has been touobed several times, as 1 happen to know. Once in Hombmg, and once in : Hew Orleanf, where there is a girl he writes to. Then there is a girl in Chicago j who sends him her photograph once a j year. These are tafu distances. Then, m town, Algernon has a good time, He U like Tony Lumpkin, too shy to cope suooeseesi have been chiefly among young ladies one knows by name rather thau repu tation. No, that's unfair— Algernon has too great a sense of his own dignity to— 1 only mean that Bohemian tea-tables know him best, where be meets people who are not quite Bnlkeley 'form.' If bis mother only knew 1 She watches us promenading among tbe roses, and hope springs anew in her withered heart, and she expects great things. Algernon and I know better. There was a second-rate sort of musical girl, with a binjo, staying at Bnlkeley last umw x wm were, it may oe taken lor granted that she was not eligible, or Mrs Bnlkeley would not have had her there. I don't think I could have brooked a rival near the throne, even thongh I did not in tend to ascend it myself. But Algernon took no particular notice of her. She spent most of her time upstairs with a headache, and only came down in the evenings to play to us. She had pretty eyes, bnt that ; was all. On that particular Sunday morning, I AiKBjuuu went du a otcycie me as usual, Miss Wakelyn to her room with a headache, and a cargo of peaches, and 1 to the high garden with Mrs Bnlkeley. 1 lay down on the grass a little way behind her, and lazily surveyed her massive profile, which her son, unluckily, had inherited, a bo sat there, idly gating straight before her. Poor woman, she was wandering if I was wonderintr where Akernon was. Mot 1 1 ( ? novel. ' Where is Algernon ?' she asked at last fretfully. I answered cheerfully—' Out on his be loved bioyde, 1 fancy.' As I spoke 1 dis tioctJy .»«? two figures walking slowly by tbe brink of the toy lake. One wtsvery like Algernon, tbe other— no, Miss Wakelyn wts lylcg down, 'Algernon is profoundly cynical, don't you think, Aloysia?' murmured bis mother, preiuuly. ?? His views, it -ou once get at ? Most entertaining,' I replied. I was thinking of my Dook jovt then, and I tiad oome to the conclusion tbat it couldn t nave been Algernon 1 bad seen. 'Algernon is like bis father, William was the most self-contained and secretive of men till I married him. 1 brought him out. 1 Wish some wam&n; wnnlH Hn ? * ? I Algernon.' ' Yon Mver give any woman the chance,' I thought, and .lowly raised mj eye. (rom mJ hook. Good heaven. I that wu Algernon and MiH Wakel;n ; and .be wa, ' drawing him out with a vengeance I They entered *q aroor on my left and sat down— tbe oold shoulder wasn't in it J ?'lly buy will make hi. wife very happy when he dots make up his mind.' Mr* Rni. I kelej continued, wistfnlly. 'That time Stems to be fast approaching. Ton and he have always got on so well. Algernon and Aiojua— both beginning with A, L. It Is a ?trange coincidence.' WUt of tbat I The other girl', namewa. Alice. 1 was getting rather augry. ' Algernon is not a flirt,' his mother een tinned. 'No!' I said, for jost thee her son stocpea and kissed Miss tfakelyn, and even at thit dlstanoe I could tall it was the first time he had ever kissed a woman In his life. ' I doft't tbtnk he could flirt, do yon f He would think it beneath his dignity to 'trifle with a girl's affections.' - Then it was probable that the eornpnlous Algernon would in a very few moments approach and present her with a daughter in-law. He evidently meant business. Somehow, I had never contemplated Alger non marrying anybody but myself— and certainly not myself. In faot, 1 had never considered it seriously, but now I felt that Algernon hod 'Violated the taolt convention batween ni, He might have proposed, and ; trusted me to refuse him 1 1 ought to have 1 been allowed to, march out with the honors'1 ot war. I felt deeply defrauded, and began 1 to cast.about for a revenge. I soon fonnd it. I have mentioned before that I was not a nice girl. ' Oh, do yon think so, dear Mrs Bnlke ley ?' I said, sneeringly. ?' Ol course he never flirted with me'— she sighed— *' but then he knows me too W£ll*'*^sbB sighed again. ' Still, I must say I have seen dear Algernon ? ? ' Moved ?' shejaid, excitedly. 11 Moved is a strong word,' 1 replied, mildly; 11 but— these quiet men are always the worst.' ' Aloysia, yon frighten me 1' I 1 meant to. I began forthwith to make things warm tor Algernon. I mentioned tbe girl In pomburg— I'm not sure it wasn't Cannes, bnt I wasn't quite sure* so I made it Hcmburg. ' Then there was Miss— Mils— 1 forget her name.' Mrs Bplkelcy, with the light ot battle beaming in htr eyes, did not allow me to fetget it fur long. Eagerly did she drink In all the details necessary for her son's dis omfituie— she had thought him foolishly, idiotically immaoolatel He wonld never hear the last fit it, nor .would Miss Wakelyn. A troop ot cosmopolitan ghoste all ready to claim the filth less Algernon, who bad given them hoscsges— that was the imaee I cvnked. Oh, it was too funny I But the .Chioago girl was the best 'draw.' I told her how MIbs Valence had onoe polled Algernon's hair and called him Ally at a picnic before my very eyes. It Is trne he was only sixteen at the time, but'I omitted, like a true artist, to mention tb*t 1 was determined that Algernon and the Slrl who shammed headaches to meet b the sly— I cculdu't do such a thing as that 1— should rue the day they treated me so unfairly. Mrs Bulkeloy .had a way ot pegging away at a grievance tbat had . often annoyed me— end they wonld have to live with her ! They would have Homburg for breakfast, New Orleans for tea, and Chicago girl for dinner every day, and I hoped tbey won id enjoy it I suppose I should have gone on for ever placing Algernon's Leporello to an attentive parent, if I had not seen the pair advancing towards us, band in h&nd;, with the rays of tho sunset gilding her white dress and his curly red hair, to meet the plentiful crop of dragon's teeth that I had sown for them. I got up aud gently etrolled back for my third volumo. I think I said before I was not a nice girl, and now you'know I am not. —Black ahd White. 