URAHA. (C0BBE8P0NDENT JERILDERIE HEBALD.) » , „ , THUBBDAT, December 6 X At I foretold last week, our cricketers did peat your offo, and pur boys betf you fcw, mid elated by our donble victory, we mean to set to in earnest and go in for lots 'of things. All you need do is to watch and wait—especially wait. Individually, I admired the spirit displayed by' yoar cricketers both young and old. Handicapped as they were bv a long and fatiguing journey, they played well, and though defeated, they were by no means disgraced, and we need not feel too conceited over oar victories. We have now an amateur dramatic and minstrel clnb, &c; , w^ich will doubtless have a successful career, as it has for its stage manager an ' 'Australian man of Mark—s." The members thereof are entering into the spirit of the thing with that zeal and energy characteristic of beginners, .but none the less necessary to ensure success. It is doubtless rather startling to some nervous oersons who take their walks in the pale moonlight, by the banks of our odoriferous creek, " down where the dead go to lie," to see one or more gentlemen wildly gesticulating and to hear uttered in a basso profunda voice, such exclamations as " Down, down to 1 and say I Bent thee there;" " Welcome Death ! life has no charms for me," &c.; but there is really no ground for alarm. It is not a case of incipient D.T., or a gent qualifying, after a course of 40 rod whisky, for a term at Callan Park, nor is a header in the creek meditated. It is only an actor rehearsing his part, developing the latenj. talent, which may yet take the world by storm, cause the ghost of G. V. Brooke (per Mrs. Mellon) to groan in envy, and the great Irving to hide his diminished head. From the mimic stage to the real stage, the stage of human life and progress,"is but a step, and taking Urana as; the " boards," and its inhabitants as its stock company, I would ask is there any other place that conld produce, relatively speaking, so many gentlemen qualified (Oh 1 shades of Jefferson) to fill the role of Rip Van Wiq£le ? I think not.- Up to date we bid a proud defiance to the world; All around us are agitations going on for' railways—we make no stir. The Local Govern"' ment Bill is before the House—our troubles.. Several other measures also are under discussions and we are letting pass by os that time aDd ; opportunity which, like youth, oan never be' recalled. Our progress committe is dead—dead; as J alius Cseaar, and a public meeting called to deal with the Local Government Bill resulted in about four persons attending it. We had a Railway League. Where is it now ?' Where are its president, vice-president, and its secretary 7 Are they all with Julius Cffisar ? and the members, 'too ? I pause for a reply. When will the public learn that spasmodic agitations are useless; that to secure advantages or benefits to any district there must be action united and sustained ! The order of Abraham Lincoln to General Grant to "keep pegging: away," with its result, and that passage in the' new Testament where the unjast judge granted the widow' s request " because of her impor* • tunity," should be a lesson to ns if, like wise men, we should profit by the experience of others* • Something may yet be done, however. A rumor thatfUrana was to be included in a shire, of which Jerilderie was to be the couhcil town, has caused a rattle among the dry bones, and a fur- • ther rumor that the taxes paid here would be' expended in beautifying Jerilderie, has caused unmitigated disgust. Just fancy.! we have 1° 4 pay for the Jerilderie waterworks, and that town would be having marble drinking fountains, and • the electric light, and lots of things, at our expense. We are going to wake np ! We intend • to make this the country town, and turn the : thing the other way round. Ton . had better' come here, the mill can come too. Never mind - the railway station; we will have a better one 1 of oar own yet, besides we are not greedy, and don't want everything, and should any particui lar friend of yours, of a real good sort C«ay7 Michael tbe genial) want anything when we are: working the thing ^ut, he shall have it underproper representations, Tou see there will be; the taxes, and the nuisances (there's lot of them).' and the dogs. 