SPORT AND PLAY. Bv " Oltmpuk." . , . „ , It is always extremely gratify,ng to find one's West Australian team of cricketers last season has been more than ratified. Thanks to the T,° f , S °7 unknown friend in Perth (though 1 shrewdly suspect S. J. Cnipper to be the culprit), I am in possession of a copy of the Perth IMdy News of the lGth January, which conta ns the account of a very oxcitin^ ma.t.i'h that had taken place the precedent' Saturfav between the Perth and Me[ropo!"tan C r S Clubs, in which the renresentatives of tho lnH»iproved victorious by™ 0 Ams-IT™ to 147 For the Victors H. Wri4t Wdiir witt « F D North being pro^mc acJssft with 41 1^..Uowed bv P. I, Hussey and R J Uomela with 7 each and Halligan lof For Perth EEandell out t^ether 1 5H, r.u S."Baijdell 20" (iot"ou"t)T"Biroh"22~a1idT - I Birch 12. It WM^ With the leathern snhet thou ' „,h that E. Kandcll aeqiutted himseH most dou ghtily, the "GeorgeGiffenof West Australia" (as be is dubbed) securin: ing no less than nine of 74"runs a performance The weather played up " old gooseberry " with the return intercolonial match which commenced in Sydney last Friday, the rainfall of the preceding days rendering the wicket so "sticky" that on winning the toss Blackham sent the N.S.W. men in to bat. Considering the disabilities' they laboured "under, the Cornstalks acquitted them- " selves ' iglit creditably • Callaway knocking- un % f befor he was caught by Trott off Phillips; |i'oinngham (runout, 10) were likewise successful 1 achieving double figures, the first inning of [the Neiv South Wales men realising 127 runs. ('„,„, lt >,„ „„ , „ ibowle, s x J i r jr m 't > most / ff,5ctlv « Tin* « s falling to his share a.t a cost of I runs; Phillips capturing one for 11, and I 1 rumble J- hank two Walters tor 4G. started the Victorian innings isastrously by foolishly runnintr himself nut • id then Turner (six ticket.^ 51 Wnd Lwell ... » »«*wicK«iBior SlJMitt JSieweU S-he last wicket feii "" "" Du ' n™, «. ^ , „ , as . I ,': a touch of the irony of fate about Back Blackhain's dismissal, as ho was stumped by •uoore off Turner. fieldsmen's -1.,,- . . interv-flt 1 am y WIcte fk t - witU rainfall c ttrir sv t • ° Cornstalks were playing but lie.,]..n!Tl """"S®; owing to a brilliant gisptay on the pact of Callaway, who compiled 50 he was boVled" bv ' p i H l i i n V ' £ Furner (caught^ aflLw fingeredness wonnan (notout, 13) Mosesfl^w ^owk>TM'T.pni!' IDmiw the Sydney men's second venture *mips cantured two wickets for 4 runs ; Trott, two for 26; Trumble, throe for 45, and M-Leod, three for 07. Qn ^altera and Harrv opening out the yictorian Beeond innings, they made an invalu- t" 0 8t ? ud 41,0 .°'' ^ h e r o u s wicket. «o runs belng hol6ted on the board before Walters, in trying to glance a ball to leg, was caught by Callaway off Conmngham for ;j4~-a truly admirable innings. Bad luck followed his retirement. however, as with on!}- 4 more runs added to the score Harry was unfortunate enough to cut a ball from Turner on to his wicket, with his score at 25. Trott and Graham started hitting vigorously, but after making 1!! Trott popped one of Turner's deliveries up behind the wicket, r.nd was secured by M'Pherson ; Worrall, who likewise went in for "lifting them," also falling a victim to a catch (a grand one, right on the boundary, by Iredale) off Turner after scoring a single. Phillips was dismissed first hall by Newell, five wickets being then down for 1)1 runs —rather a blue look-out for the visitors. (3 kah am (caught Gregory, bowied Coningham, 45) and M'Leod (bowled Turner, 2.1) put a" very different complexion on affairs, however ; but Trumble was caught by Evans off Coningham for ~ - - - » victorious by 19 runs, The fiftliintercolonial match between Tasmania and Victoria commenced on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Friday, befoie a moderate attendance Ke Bum captaining the visitors, whilst Dick Houston was elected skipper of the Victorians Fortune favoured the Tasmanians in the matter of tbe spin of the cc^, and consequently they took • • • - opened tbe attack on behalf of the Tasmanians After scoring a single off Letcher, however, Qatehouse afforded a chanceat point oil' Carlton, which the youthful "doctor"duly availed himself of, securing a very fine catch which got rid of a properly dangerous batsman. The display of Eady and J.' Savigny was more effective than elegant, the former especially putting a deal of " vigour " in his strokes—a fact which wasstrongly impressed upon Charley Letcher, who dashed out his dexter (and dexterous) hand to a very hot return, and experienced such a severe gash on the ball of the thumb that ho had to retire to the pavilion to get the wound dressed, whilst Charley Ross filled his vacant position in the field. Tbis was particujariy bard luck for Letcher, as ho bad just <*ot brinf th.^ ^aUo ^ when ^ ^ n Cfuight him "5 \ Jrott-a red-hot clout-at mid-ou. On fe^^^^^thi^ 'had ^ ^ had on a run-out right olt the reel had larrant s " t » " L ^ r ^ ^ V Z t t a Z & f Z ^ r t had pasted Jngleton to the extent of a couple of fourers that irundler hud the mortification to witness E. E. Bean miss the Tasmanian skipper in the slips. Through these misadventures the Tasmanian score mounted up to 08 when Savigny had made 33 of the number) sent a lurd, low chance to A. Carlton off Trott.and retired to the shade of the pavilion; his place being taken ^ H. Douglas, a left-handed batsman who had only time to secure a couple when Harrett secured Wm at point - off Ingletoi. . E. A. 1 Windsor was exceedingly merry at the outset, hooking Trott (who ha/been bowling with excellent judgment) twice in succession to leg for 4 ; but when Burn tad compiled 23 he was again missed in the slips —tbis time Trott being tbe sufferer v, „ ™ Trott awaiting it, and had to vamoose the ranch W 35 to his credit. A. Windkob, who contributed J4, was fortunate in being missed by Tatchell off Trott at sb 01 not * that the let-off proved of any s ®rvice to him, as he was cleverly taken at the tickets by Percy Lewis before he made any more run.B; a simiiiar fate befalling N. E. Westbrook, w l '° played careful cricket (marred by a chance to Bean, off Trott, in thesHps, which wasnotaccepted) very useful contribution, if notcompiled altogether on the strict lines laid down by that eminent cricketing 'authority yclept Kilferbekeck. D. Sams had half-a-dozen to his account (includinga hit to Trott; to leg for and 4) although when he played N. Rock's a ball modest softly back contribution av^ee- only amounted to ]f 8 they were .nn^J. obtained tn in a tradesmanlike manner, Trott eventually proving the destroying agent, t. . , , ., , . . ^H*™ 1 ™ . tott6^ " P ^ les6 . t.l,»fi„t T. tban t n™ n. '^lies were "muttea "-four of tbem being off Trott's bowling. Despite this the East Melbourne man secured four wickets for 53, whilst Ingleton (who was also very unfortunate in the matter of " errors") took two for 42. On figures Ertiey Bean's performance with tbe ball took the ake, as he Bent down 102 balls for 25 run', 7 r maidens and 2 wickets; Alf Carlton's two wickets being obtained at a cost of 44 runs. , ALBEIT there were numerous eases of " butter- " on the part of tho Victorians there some excellent work put in nevertheless; Ingleton at uiid-off, Houston»textra midoff, Alf Carlton at mid-on, Ike Drape at third man and Edgar Barrett at point leaving nothing to be desired in the matter of quick and effective finding. Careett and Tatchell opened proceedings on ehalf of Victorin, the former being luck? enough to experience a "life" at the bands of Westbrook (at point, off Windsor) before he had cracked his duck. Tatchell,of ,vhora much had been expected, succumbed in ft most simple fashion to a plain straight ball from Windsor, whose variation in pace doubtless deceived the Eichmondite—whose admirers were terribly cast dnwn as they found him numbered among the slain—with only a couple to his name. Tarrant, who succeeded Tatchell, took no liberties with the bowling, which was really excellent, considering the perfect state of the wicket; but as soon as helmd reached 10 he was bowled' by Hid v. Drupe commenced rather flukily, but soon settled down, some loose fielding and erratic returns Eaving both he and his partner losing their wickets oil several 2 ccasi0ns ' However, with the Victorian total at an < * ' ] ' s individual score at 42, Barrett whs e a ' J lt: in s' t;he slips by Kady off Sains, and Percy Lewis strode forth to do battle. Between L-wis ^ —. ghost (bowled by Windsor) for 25 This made five wickets down for 32G. at which cnte juncture Messrs. E. 15. Bean and li. S. Houston r '- d ,nto a partneiship which the Tasmanians are " ot ,iko, - v 40 for S ot in » '""'O'- Ten after ten k e l )l P°PP in S? U P the scoring-board, and in spite of every possible manoeuvre on the part of the Tasmanian captain there appeared to be no prospect of a separation. In vain did Watt try his leg theory, no less than five fieldsmen being placed behind the wicket, un the leg side. Houston not to be cajoled, but treated the leg theory with contempt by playing the ball with his leg mstead'of with the bat. Two bundled, then 250, then 270 was hoisted up, and at last, and at longrun, Eady managed to get one past Houston (which Takadrmka asiures me he out on to his wicket) and tbe North Melbourne skipper retired amidst a perfect tornado of applause, and with t!le f i Be score of 72 appended to his name. Ingle- . ? 6 TP eJ ve T " shickerry "—very "shickerry indeed-running out to nearly every ball, and no one w as surprised to see linn fall a victim to Eady TT 'T ,, i n S ""? e truDdIo f op'nnmr Alf M 'AUen assisting at the wickets) for yott put ( together, and then blocked a ball \ h ' eh rolled on h,s wickl!t > displacing a bail: ' ; ' as ^ ^ hand wag rtju Houston decided to close lu> inning and t h e S S u n V ^ M r J Z ^ ^ Ia thiQ thf,y „CMUitted tliem^elves with .neat ^ nolS th^n "x of tie mtheWng double • Q h j Kadv (cauuht In-leton J , „, ' " ' aa (cli / c f, bowled 1 rott) came out on top w.th a ,na6ter!y scora f ' ken "f ( bo , wlr ; d ^ a coun!ame tor '' • JU ' \- oaw6 l not our ) tor f Alletl V't'^mV T ?V v'u-' 1' Sav,gny(bowled 'rott fm- 2, and NR. V.estbrook (bowled Ingleton) for 12. Ihe others did f; ot affect the score to any appreciable extent N. ap™ displaying good cricket for 8 before being stumped by Lewis off Carlton ; the innings inninp for 1!) « or 00 rUDS ln !,dvanCB of the ' 00 runs in advance of the Victorian score. Trott was the bright particular star in the bowling line during the second innings of the " Tazzies," seven wickets being secured by him lT cost the Victorians three wickets (T- Tatchell, run out, 3 A. Tarrant, caught Eock, bowled Watt, 17 ; and A. E. Trott, caught Rock, bowled lVatt, 5) to top their opponents' total; but E. A. Barrett (not out) 28 and I. S. Drape (not out) 5 proved equal to the occasion, and the Victorians proved victorious by seven wickets; Watt securing two wickets at a cost of 10 runs. . . . ,, „ ,. ... _ Desi-itk the strictures ot the Herald as to the it.!"!'" 1 ®"'™™ j Victorian eleven, which was admittedly specially weak in bowling," it must he admitted in all fairness til at our recent visitors played a really good game, albeit they were no more successful than the rest of the cricketers in Victoria have been when pitted against such " second- class " artists as the North Melbourne men. For it must not be forgotten that Houston and Bean were responsible for no less than 175 runs out of the Victorian total of ot 389. :jsy. jv'o ao ! 1 No! M!: we1 beat oeat the lasmanians easily enough without a doubt, but the Victorian team was very very far Irom being a" second-class ' one with such doughty warriors ^ P e r c y r.ewis, lJickey Houston, Erney Bean, Ike . . ... „ ^ J ^iTso'as"'to w what'diffe'renM tfaere'reail'y waR between them when all came to all. The Coburg v. Richmond City match for Boyle and Scott Trophies was brought to a conclnsion on Saturday on the Eicbmond City Reserve and esulted in a win for Coburg by 10 wickets and C one run. The scores were—Coburg, 17!) and no wickets for 30; Richmond City, 94 and 114. The i ' - principal scorers m the match were-for Coburg: Malle r S ; S \ < he « d South Melbourne player) 3a and 25 (not out); iltter6on Fit.roy footballer) forCoburg ^as greatly admired; he secured 8 wickets for 64 runs. On Saturday next Coburg meet Hawksburn at Coburg to play off for the cup, and as both teams are undefeated a good game is 6ure to eventuate. Brunswick v. Camberwell at Brunswick for the Sports Depot Cup is now in a very interesting stage, Brunswick requiring 18 runs to win and 4 wickets to full. "Meagher" (the coming goalkick of the Melbourne football team) gave a splendid exhibition of batting for Hrunswick making 80 runs out of the 100 scored all day. The matches between South Vaira and Brunswick in the Presbyterian Athletic Association (bard-wicket competition) have been productive of good cricket. In the latest 11 yst (on t he 20th and 27th January) South Yarra turned ihe tables on their lJrunswick brethren, securing a victory by 28 runs. 'The respective scores were : South Yarra, 40 (I 1 '. Athlon 34. E. Thompson 10) and 4.5 (E Thompson 21); Hrunswiek, 32 (no double figure) and 25 (W. G. Wilson 14 not out;) I). Niven (with nine for 27) and E. Thompson (with eight for 27) were tho most successful liowlers.for tho victors : whilst W. Adam (who disposed of fourteen for 2S) proved a veritable "destroyer" oil behalf of lirunswick. The match was jila\od in the Royal Park. The Union Memorial aienow the only unbeaten ke.nn in the competition, South , nd Urunswick and South Yarra are both itching to meet. Union Memorial, but under the system tbe draws areconducted (winufrsagainst winneis and losers against rs each round, with no clubs dropping out) it's quite patsi We Union Memorial may go 011 till the end of the season without mectingeitber i f them. This is nota6 it should be. THE lowest price £>, and yet .Wo people present ! Phew ! '('here's bis money for l.iw bruisers jet in America Not that. Charlie Mitchell proved himself to be a very hi" bruiser when he met Pompadour Jem Corhett. Ceitainlv the latter had the advantage of 11 stone in weight—last. Gib. to 12st. <>lb; but then Mitchell had (rightly or wrongly) such a tremendous reputation, whilst numbers of people discounted Gorbett's victory over "John L." as only one over a worn-out old man, that it was ratlur ?urprising to find odds of 1(1 to 4 laid oil the American. It was All England to a peanut from the first round, though, as the Britisher "never had the ghost of a show after, and was finally •< floored " and "spread out" at the end of the third round. Somehow or other nobody appears to feel sorry for Mitchell's downfall, the terrible braggadocio he indulged in previous to being able to a^» o ^ t d ^ ^ i ^ r i g ^ m S t evidenced in his contest with J. L. Sullivan These folk, as soon as ever they beard of the rumour about his "lameness," immediately pronounced him as having "no show," in col sequence of his " pedestrianism" being interfered with CotBE.tt first came into fistic notice when an amateur member of the Olympic Club, San Francifi c ?' , at . he W8B as a clerk in the Nevada Bank in that city. He ^mes of Insh parentage, hut is a a native of San Francisco, being bo.n there on 1st September, 1 SCO. Such an adept did he become 111 m the" manly y art" that he was persuaded to resign his his posil position in the Bank and take charge of^the tbe Olympic 0|,mi Club as boxing instructor. ,He J1G 10 is aesenoed described as a yerj very decent sort of fellow, but with rather an inordinate opinion of his looks and his fighting capabilities. On the „uni-inq' 1 In our own littleftuiet way we, too, are going to have a first-class exposition of how to hit, stop, and get away" on Saturday night at tbe Cumberland Athletic Hall. The " scrap" is to be between M'Intyro and Quigley, a contest of 20 rounds, for a trophy value i!50, and side wagers aggregating some .£100 altogether. Al'Intyre, who hails from iJa.lla,rat, is expected to scale close on I2st. Gib., whilst Quigley will try and turn the beam at list. lUb QKing td fche Gee.long Races on Saturday' Mr. Reynolds, the manager of the club, will not otder the !ads in{0 (he riug unli! haif.pa6t nine 'clock, so that the sports who patronise the geegtes will have only themselves to blame if they miss what promises to be a first-class exhibition of skiil and stamina. 