i literature. BOOKS UP TO DATE. ffhere seems to bo coming, almost to have oome, a very good time for poets. The few who are English and in England are watched bv literary experts. When any of them 'how indications of producing a new Deem the world is told to be in readiness _ to receive it per medium of a certain magazine cn a certain date. There is as much excite ment and preliminary announcement about U,o brining forth of 50 or 100 lines us tliou"h a work of the magnitude of Lalla Rookh" were under process of construction. Pvervbody who cares to know may learn" that Austin Eobson is going to contribute verses on some subject to one periodical; that Kudyard Kipling s now nociii, the original conception of winch has been departed from, will come out in the next number of another. The physical and metal state of William Watson is reported from week to week, and the probability of his doing something before autumn discussed. William Morris, Francis Thompson, \\\ . Ik Teat", Katlierino Tynan, and others are caiiva=scd and their literary intentions advertised even to the degree of a projected sonnet. This is Kudyard Kipling's doing. Crca'- a arc his gifts of vivid presentation hi prow narratives of men and things as tlicy exist his remarkable power, singular versatility and reckless masterfulness a, a poet have profoundly impressed the world. The " Barrack-room Eul- latls " appearing in jugged metrical habiliments nonplussed the critics, whose canons this dashing and daring young "liU1 broke through with regal indifference, lhcy thought him but an inspired banjnist or a cornerman of the camp, and decided that his methods were most irregular and would not do. , Since that time Mr. Kipling has taken the harp ami struck thrilling measures that pro claimed hotli genius and art. " J- he English rioi:," " Toinliuson," 44 The Son- (d the KiHish," nnd the " Rhyme of the Three Sellers" established his eiaim to be regarded as among the first of living poets by the tiling hchud to say and the manner of saying it lie has shown conclusively that if he disregards the rules, it is not through ignoi ancc, but in the supremacy of a strength that can force its way without their guidance, he has awakened a desire anion- English readers for living, pulsing, song which, in turn, is investing nil who are known as versemakers with a new interest. In Jerome's To-day , Mr. Kip ling's latest poem, 44 Tun Last Rhyme or Turn: Thomas," appears. Its purpose, to heap scorn upon the suggestion that poets should receive titles, is finely carried out. The King of Scotland wishes to compliment the minstrel True Thomas by making him a belted knight. The harper makes answer " And what should I do wP blazon and belt— NT keep and hold find seizin and fee— Ami whiu should I do wi page and sqniro That am u king in my own cuuntric i «' for I send East nnd I send West. And 1 siAid far as my will may Hoc, By dawn and dusk ami the drinking rain, And syne my Sending return to me. They come wi news >' the croanin' earth, Tiny come wi' news n' the rnnriu' sea, NT word o' Spirit and Ghost and Flesh, And Man, that is between the Three." He sings to tiie King of mysteries of life and death, until the monarch, awed and humiliated, is thus dismissed 11 Sleep ye or wake." True Thomas said, "That sit so still, that muse so long, Sleep ye or wake— till tin; sleep o' death I trowye'll not forget my song. "I ha" harpit ye down to the Images o' hell, And up to the throne <«' God moat hie ; I ha' darkened your soul wi' the Lust o' F.lnod, And— je— wod— make— a Knight o' me !" .One of the most important books recently to hand for readers of ecclesiastical his tory is A Life of Akchisishoi Laud, by 44 A« Catholic Recusant." The clear and ob jective manner of 1 his biography and justifi cation makes it pleasant reading, and if " favora ble bias is shown, ho who inclines to an opposite appraisement has Prynne to fall back upon. The troubled life of the prelate wholiMed long amid the strife of symbolism, who mowed pious people of his own Church to say "'Great praise to God, and little Land to the devil !" and who, in his old ape, went to the block for symbolism, is told of1 with a fulness of interesting detail whidh makes the book of special value. In! these times, when one may deny verbal inspiration without more severe earthly consequence than seeing indignant letter? in the papers from those who believe, itisstrauge to. read of how blood was shed like water about/ such things as the position of a communion-table. Of Laud this writer says: "He died a brave man, I hope a good one, and, take him ail in all, he may be said to have been an historical character, of whom 'conformable people ' have every reason to feel proud, while even 4 Romish recusants' may admire him as a well- intentioned, straightforward, and manly Englishman." A Pkotkuk of Jack Hamlins is the title under which the latest collection of Bret Harte's stories has been issued. Of the half-dozen talcs it contains, "An In genue of the Sierras" is the most delightful, but all'are excellent specimens of the authoi's latest style. "The Mystery of the Hacienda," however, leaves too much to the reader, a fault Mr. Harte has been accused of before now. Wreckage, the book which has all at once made Hubert Crackenthorpc a newname in literature, hus abo come to hand. The sombre power of these stories is as uiadouiable as their dra matic quality and piuthos half disguised as cpuusin. Very few recent publications of the fiction which illuminates instead of dis torting and parodying actuality are so Ntll worth reading as this. One of them, however, is The Stickit Minister ami some Common Men, by S. E. Crockett, a cheap edition of which is now obtainable. It io dedicated with a delicious declaratory lettei to the author's friend, Robert Louis fctuuihon, who, from a far-oil' island on which native forces clash and about whose destiny tin. Great Rowers sit in council, lias written in response a touching poem of old days and places lor insertion in the next edition. So much has been said in enthusiastic praise of Mi. Uockett's studies, pictures, and stories ct odd ami commonly unfamiliar phases of Scottish life aud character, that nothing need ct. added here. The immediate and great success of liia writings is the best proof of their claim upon readers, "Artificial suc- cp-9 for a book does not, and, when 3 «f things last long. When all is said and done, merit and merit only is the stuff of Ninch really successful books are made," said the manager of a great English ciroulat- Hig hbury the other day. And he went on to Show how it is tried to work up artificial success as follows " A man wrote a book. IK was a subscriber to the library— and applied for his own book. We explained that ue had not got a copy, and that this nus the only application for it. Then he , ll we would have a copy if be would send it to us. Eventually we said 'yes/ and the book duly turned up. Then fol lowed m mne six calls for the book, at six dilluent stalls of ours throughout the coun- rj» 1 became curious, and traced up the calls, ami tiiere— it was the author every huh 1,10 discovery came uu ludi(,nant letter from him that oil each occa sion lie hail been supplied with the same copy of the huols-his own copy. Well, no one else hud asked for it. you sec. The case o, uiiother author who paid a 12s sub- scripti0" older to ask for his own book is l„„t U,'i ,R'0I wa Bot tiie subscription we the b t, whereas the whole 18s paid for le would otherwise have been lest. The thud instance which I had in my mind us of a lady who wrote from an important plate saying there was a diilieulty in getting -.0111 our library a , .articular new book. Why dune not lmve more copies; I sent the the hi" f i dell,C f tllU book3ta'1 where the lad, had applied, and lie identified it. 'n-'y-and iter name is very well known -was the writer of the book." F P !VAiY n',IEY L0VED AT Gkimpat, by Kuitoul ksler, is yet another series of Aort stones-village idylls, this time »Y the author of « Tj10 Way o Araiis-ressora. " Like that novel, these Wes are replete with humor and careful ftracterisutioii of a provincial kind as well as sentiment and sadness. English village lifo la hardly better illustrated in the pages of Thomas Hardy than as presented here, Scottish Land Names is a reprint of half a dozen lectures on the subject by Sir Hubert Maxwell, in which their origin and meaning is traced. To the student of ethnology, and all who are interested in the history of race migration, it will prove a mine of informu tion. From tiie Five Rivers, by Florence Annio Steel, is a collection of stories and poems descriptive of Indian life, of which few writers can speak with the warrant of more familiarity and close observation than the authoress of "-Miss Stuart's Legacy." But Mr. Kipling has made that ; field his own, and Mrs. Steel is by comparison ! tame in Iter carefully-arranged prose and ! well-pruned verse. In recently arrived i yellowbacks there is A Wild Wooing, j by Florence Warden, the cover of which '< shows a man about to plunge a dagger into I the heart of a woman and somebody already I killed in the middle distance. By these ' signs devotees of fiction like " The House I on the Marsh," should find within something | to t heir liking. Mrs. Lynn Lynton's The i One Too Many, whose dedication to "the I sweet girls still left among us who \- have no part in the new revolt, | but are content to be dutiful, innocentf j and sheltered," shows its vigorous writer to j be still harping on that chord, is also avail I able in this cheap form. It is a powerful story, and a painful. Sharps and Flats an exposure of some of the methods of cheat. itK, by J. Nevill Mnskclyne, is inscribed 44 to that majority spoken of byCarlylcand which may be said to include all gamblers." A book this that no cardshurper or potential victim of confidence men should be without, afford ing as it docs valuable information to one and warning of tbe pitfalls ahead to the other. Futures or the Socialistic Future, by Eugene Richter, is one of the new shilling books that is certain to have a large sale. Ilerr Richter, a prominent Radical member of the Reich stag, has long been the noted opponent of Herr Bebel and the State Socialism, of which he is the great champion. He has "carried the war into Africa," by writing a skit on the lines of " Looking Backward," which has had a great influence in Germany. It is capitally translated, but, although well worth reading, would have been more so if tbe pictured calamities attendant upon the adoption of Stale Socialism had not been made to come so thick and fast at eacli other's heels. The clever, intellectual trickeries with which Karl Marx and some of his followers present the case for socialism want capable exposure, as well as ridicule and woeful prediction, which are here alone employed. Herr Richter paints the picture of a nation suddenly stricken utterly foolish, drifting rapidly through a succession of in sane legislative acts to ruin, bloodshed, aud chaos. 