tfems of jens. TlE FORITHCros?nso Strow.--There is every reason to believe that the show of fruit, flowers, grain, vegetables and farm ing produce, to, be held ini the 16th March in connection with the athletic sports will be a pronounced success. .As we have said before, the programme is liberal enough to induce a deal of competition in each section, and we learn the public have liberally responded to the collectors. The members' tickets are goig off well, and we may here state that Is not only en titles the member to five free entries to the ground, but the holder carl also enter in five sections free of charge. There will be a " guessing competition," Mr. D. M'Iver, of Flynn's Creek, having donated a bullock, which he has generously given to the committee,who will dispose of it at the close of the competition. GERALD's DRAMATIC CO?rP.Si'.-It is scarcely necessary to remind our readers of the performance to be given this even ing by the above talented company, who played here last week. By special re quest Boucicault's Irish drama "The Colleen Bawn," will be staged, the lead ing characters bleing taken by Mr. Maurice Gerald and Miss Agatha Green wood. Each member of the company is proficient in their part, so that a first class entertaininent may be relied on. The price of admission has been reduced to 2s and is. Tnr ALRORA ArCSR?us,-Tlhe sky on Sunday night between seven and tein o'clock bore a remarkably beautiful ap pearance in the south-west, where a mass of rose and pink rays of light relieved by a back-ground of brilliant white lights could be seen at intervals. It was at first thought by many that afierce fire was burning out on the ranges, but the light became at times so prominent and changed colour so frequently, that it soon became evident that it was caused by a very fine Aurora Australis, which was greatlyadumired by a number of people. A CIL-RnE O LARCENY.-A man named William Foote, was brought up before Mr. Chas. Varney, J.P., on Saturday, charged with stealing an overcoat, the property of Mr. WV. Fryer, of Toongabbie; also a saddle strap belonlging to Mr. F. Keon, of Glengarry, in whose employ •accused lhad bieen. Constable Mureatt, of Coswrar, aliplied for a remand -until Wednesday next, which was granted. REcEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.--The follow ing accounts are awaiting paymnent at the sub-treasury :-P. -H. Humphrey, C. H. Williams, J. Gilsenan, Toongabbio .Mlýchanics', Fryer, and Rogers, Jno. Aitken, Covwar Mechanics. Morwell H. A. 13ernicke (2). J. H. Buckley, J. Butler, J. Bucklaud, W. T. Murphy, G. Irving, W. P. Martin, J. Allan, A. Pryke, J. Tlonmpson. Rosedale- Mechanics' i Institute, J. Pendlebury, C. Deakin. \- LOANS TO FAMIEns. - When the Government took over the Commissioners' Savings Batnk a few months ago it was found that the commissioners had been in the practice of lending money out on mortgage, in large sums, on buildings and properties. Many of these mortgages are beginning to fall due, which will leave money available for utilisation in other directions. The Treasurer, in pursuance of his policy of advancing small sums on mlortgage to farmers and others, hals written to thle commissioners authorising tlleml to advance mloney in small sums from £200 upwards, the rate of interest not to exceed 5 per cent. The mortgagor will in all cases have to pay the valuation fee, which will be charged on as reason able a scale as possible. CONFERENCE.-In responIse to a request from the Maffra sthire council, a con ference of delegates from Gippslanrl munticipalities was held at Sale on Satur day, to decide upon sonic means of coping with the sparrow nuisance, and also taking steps for the destruction of vermin. The meeting (says the " Times ") was hell in the borough council chambers, and there were present-CrE. M'Donald and Horstmatt (iMaifra shire), Cr. Kelly (Avon shire), Cr. Lung (Rosedale shire), Cr. M'Leat (Trrarlgon shire). Cr. Wil liats (Tahmbo shire), Cr. Smyth (Warra gul shire), and Cr. Treloar (mayor of Sale.) The chair was occupied by Cr. M'Donald, the presidenlt of the Moaflra shire, on the motilon of Crs. Treloar aiad Lasng. Daring the discussion, it was suggested that united action ie taken by the municipalities, each. to subscribe a certain Stltls for a central fond, out of which the p'aysment for tile destruction of the birds should be made. Thin, how ever, did not imeet the approval tof the majority of those present. Eventually it was plr,.posed by Cr. Smytl(\Varragul), seconded iby Cr. M'Lean (T1'raralgn,), and carried, "'That each shire or lhrouvIi pay for the sparrov:s killed and egas dle stroyed in its own shire at the followilng prices, viz., 3d per dozen for eggs, and :id per dozen for birds ; that each shire and borough pa:y for all dingoes killed in its own shire at the rate.of 10s per head, and 5s per head for foxis. Birds' heads to be paid for in all cases. Dog and fox skins sun-dried whole. Eachl delegate present to pledge his council for 12 anonths fromn date." Cr. Treloar (Sale), did not vote for the motion. Boottns.-On Saturday next, the firm of Messrs. M1'Lcan, Coates and J.oes will sell at their oefice, Franklin street, Traralgon, at 1 p.m. sharp, one publican's booth and one fruiterer's booth, in con nection with the sports and show to be held on Friday. 16th March. As a great number of member's tickets have been disposed of, there is little doubt of a large gathering, so that the booths should realise a good price.. CRIC?t'r TROPIIc.-Mr. H. E. Henden, st~ationer, of Franklin street, has kindly presented a trophy to the Traralgon Cricket Club. This is a pair of patent batting gloves, and the gloves will be given to the member of the club who is most successful in making the best batting average in the next two matches. Tie V.R.C.-It is difficult sometimes to see where the country racing clubs derive any considerable benefit from association under the V.R.C. True the V.R.C. il:sists that till decisions shall be referred to them and generally keeps a fatherly eye jver the smaller institutions and patronises them a good deal in a lofty kind of way. But when a club badly requires the exercise of the authority in a case out of the beaten track, itrirely gets much satisfaction. For instance, an wntller recently ran a horse at a Western district Meeting and forgot to pay his entrance fees. The club requested ano ther club to collect the ooney and this was done by the second club at scale. The club, ti whom the money was due. received a notification to the effect that the other club had the money and would send a cheque. But the cheque did not come to hand and repeated applications for the money met with no response. The secretary wrote to individual members of the committee of the defaulting club on the subject, but. still they answered not. Finally he had the case before the V.R.C., and asked that the money might be recovered. But that body refused to concern itself in the matter, and so proved utterly useless in the case. It is to be presumed that the club which has so coolly appropriated the cash of a kindred institution will therefore be allowed to pocket the gain and still rank as a re spectable racing institution. Toe MTELtTING OF PARLIAMENT.-Is the agitation for the immediate calling" to gether of Parliament genuine ? Un doubtedly it is--on the part of one or two of the newly-elected members. They feel that the country must he saved. And to save the country the ghost of the depression must be laid. And before the ghost can be laid it must begin to walk to the tune of five and twenty pounds a month. There we have the political situation syllogistically stated. Besides the new members, however, there is -one other who thinks Parliamneutoshould meet at once-Sir Graham Berry. "He has begun'to think sb over since the Himalaya steamed away with his old friend, Mr. Gillies, aboard. Why ? Well, hedoesn't quite know, bhut he feels what- Americans call " a kind of loinesome "-out in the cold, as it were. It would be warmer inside, where a cosy nook might.perhaps be picked out. Meaniwhile(says "Oriel ") as Parliament does not meet for the wish ing-any more than do Euclid's parallel straight lines indefinitely prolonged-the nearest thling in the way. of make-believe is to gather a few Opposition members in the sacred precincts of , a - WVednesday afternoon and orate to them. Itis better than nothing, as the hunigry boy' re marked when he sucked the label offa patted meat tin. Tae NEw FIsaHsc SrTATto.-In their many endeavours to help the unem ployed, the Ministry, or individual mem bets of the Cabinet, appear to flounder about considerably. The Minister of Customs is about to establish a fishing station on some of the sea-girt islands of the straits, this for the purpose of assist ing a few fishermen to earn a living at the Gbvernment cost, and their fish is to be brought to Melbourne to compete with men who, at their own cost, have -a de sperate struggle to maintain a existence. When Mr. Riclrhrdson was in Gippsland the fishermen there waited upon'hinl and strenuously opposed any assistance being given to men who would compete with them, and were blandly informed that nothing of the sort-was intended. Whom are we to believe-the amateur Com missioner f IRailways or- the aumiatur Commissioner of Customs ? And ylwhat is really to be the occupation anid fate of these banished fishermen ? Are they being shipped away because of their importunity ? or are they to, be object lessons of protection run mad ? .A small clique of Bass Straits fishermen are (says "Punch ") to be assisted and.fed, in.order to see whether they can undersell their brethren in Victoria, who are many of them nearly starving. J. HALL .xtD Co's. NEw' DEt'ARTURE. J. Hall hnd Co. inform us that on and after March 10th, they intend to run their business on strictly Cash nrinciples,. and state that they will introduce the new departure by making "overwhelmhning reductions in all departments." No more credit will begiven' and no more books kept. They anticipate that the new de parture will ultimately prove to le a great. mutual' benefit to lith their customers and themselves, and at the-same tinme be the means of bringing about? a, lbetar state of trade, as, under -the present system," good, sound custemers h:ive to pay for'the bad and doubtful- debts of others.-(ADnvr.) ... The Long Tunnel Extended Company washed up for the month on Friday last for the excellent yield of 1052oozs of gold from 923 tons of quartz.- A dividend of 3s lid per share has been declared. A serious clhtrge of forgery.has..heen brought agailnst Mr. Erastus Wiman, a prominent mai in New York. The amouit irolcedl is 250,000dol., and the accused has been committed to prison. :lr Allison Smith, formerly laeornotive superintendant of the Victorian railways, has issued a writ in the Supreme Court against Mr. David Syme, proprieter of the "Age" newspaper, claiming damages for libel. While a party went out wild pig hbmting in Southland (N.Z.) two men who were in a kneeling position in a'dvance were mistaken itl the darkness for pigs by a youth, who firvd at them, killing a farmer namned Neil lPI)onald. W~am Kemp, the abscondid;ng secretaryof the tender board, is £132; short in his accounts. Hl is guaranteed for £1000, and as his s:alary will be saved, and he will niot be entitled toany pension ifconvicted, the atate will not lose nnything. Jolhannes Cortelthuts D)e Gray proceeded for a divorce friom his wife on Friday. It was provwd tie was aware ot his wife's in timacy with the co- respondent, beury C.ir'r, and proited by it, and signed a receipt for £1500 as complensation in ftll for the loss of his wife, lhotueand childreu The Union Banik has e-stalblished a branch at Coolcardie. liere is the ilanager's description of the local position : "You ought to see the [banIk we are in, composed if otto ronl ill which are tllree gin cases for a c',unter, and myself behiind the ginl cases riht tI a shirlt and pair of trusels. It is simply lovely!" .Joseth .TJ!lhnsion. aged GS. formerly well knowii as secretary ,f titu, 3olbhuarne l'ermanent l suildigln Iilcnvis'tonet Society, who pleade.d guilty n 'ul P-s lar to etbrl'zztlll?lg thlco sumsllf olf3,O0, £2,000, and £330 on tile 12th1 13th, and 14th August, 1891, the propertry of the soc;it uletliolld, la. lin beet senteticed to two years' im:piisonlment. A favour siloni b yolountg King Alexan deer of Servia to the radical party in his kiuigdom continues to claus- much dlis quietlude; aid, recognisilg the possili lity of serious trouble arisin, out of the pr'sent situation, Austria. Turkey uanh iuhgaria have agreed that ill case of a Sers ian 'revolt the:y will maintain a strictly neutral attitude. Millwallau, Ohio, b i'a:i a fire bhingad of which a third of the members, at leasm are of the fair sex. We are not toel whether this is due to a lack of male volunteers, or merely to -a determinahtoi on the part of the feminije population t, assert their " rights," and show that they are not inferior to the male creature to either courage or physical endurance. In connection with the recent actioau o the Treasurer in directing a premium of 1 per cent. to be charged to those purchcain Governument 4 per cent. stock at zny receipt and pay office in the colony, it i explained that municipalities, -wat trusts. and other corpor.tior.s which are compelled by law to purchase this stock for sinking fund purposes will not lhaoe t, pay that premium. A man named Marshall, -a fanrer in the North-Eastern district, while on a drunken spree, is alleged to have bees taken hy a woman to the house of the Rev. N. Kinsman, where they were married. The woman eased Marshall of all the money he had, and then left him, but as he was a widower, Marshall may find it difficult to get out of the mesa e has involved himself in. The special grant of £5000 sancti?,ned by'the Cabinet for the purpose of relicvi , the exceptional damage caused by recelt floods in East Gippeland, is to beallotrne as follows :-Avon shire, £577 on the condition that the shire contribute £144 : Omeo, £106, its own contribution to he £401 ; Orbost, £1405, to contibhute £373; Tambo, £838, to cnntribute £2,01. The money will be availably in a few days. Mr Wraege, the Queensland Goven,. ment Astronomer. has issued the follow-ing warning : " There is reason to believe that an Antarctic disturbance of considera,le energy exists between Cape Leuwin arid tihe Kergueleu Islands and it is almost certain that vessels bound west towards the Indian Ocean will, within 11 dave, encournter heavy winds from north ard west, shifting snuth-west, with high seas. This within a lortight, will probably pro duce considerable rain along.the southern coast of Australia, and within 17 days rain along the coast south from Smoky Cape" A story that if not true or new, ought to be both, is one told of an episode in a railway carriage. A gentleman was. travelling in a railway carriage wi:h two ladies, who were unaware of his identity, and whom he discovered were discussing him in the most hostile manner. Accord. ingly when the train entered a long tunnel the gentleman kissed the back of h!s hand with a loud and resounding smack. When the train emerged into daylight, he had the satisfaction of seeing both theladies glaring at each other. in the utmost indignation. Buthis revenge was not yet (says " Punch") complete. At last the train drew up at its destination, and as he was leaving the carriage ha raised his hat and addressed his fellow.lpassengers at follows : " You may trust my word of 'honour, ladies, that I shall never reveal which of you it was." A trial of potato diggers, under the anuspices of the Polwarth and South Grenville rastoral and Agricultural So ciety, took place on Mr. Wyllie's ftrm, Cororooke, last week. Some 500 personr, principally farmers, were present. Thirty two entries were received, but only seven machines put in an aplpearance. natmely, those of E. Gorman, Dennineton; A. Telfer, - Gippaland; MU'Lean Bros. and Rigg, Melbourne; J. N. Cocker, and Co., Tasmania;-H. W..Lcr, Woodend ; lurlt ingtour and .M'Callumn, Dene; and G. Hawker, South Brighton. Telfer. Gorman and Hawker were rejected, and the others competed for the prize. The judges decided in favour of Mr. Lee, of Wooded. The machines did not work satisfactorily, cutting -many potatoes and bruiisiug others, a large percen'sag being spoiled. The winner receives £120. Mr. Knitht, from the Agricultural department; Mir. Scott, of Melbourne ; and Mr. M'Donald, of Camperdown were the judges. 