THE DAY OF REST. HELP FOR YOUR SICKNESS. A Sermon by C. H. spueoeOn. "when the even wee come. they bronghtmnlo Him many that were possessed with devils; and He cast out the spirits with His word, and healed all that were sick; that it might be fnlfilKd which was spoken by ttsatas I be prophet, saying, Himself took onr infirmities, and bare our cioknssses,"—Matthew rili 16.17. It was tbe evening; in all probability it was the evening of a Sabbath day. The Jews were so tender not to break the Sabbath thai they did not even biing forth the «ick to the Saviour until the evening was come, l'he Saviour would gladly bare healed them on the Sabbath day, for that was to Hiui a high day for holy work, but they aid not think it right, and so they kept back tbeir sick till the day was ended. If any of you bave thought that the time has not come for you to approach the Saviour, you bave laboured under a great error, for he would not have you delay for a single hour; but I hope thatyou are now satisfied that you have waited long eoouah, and at last the evening is near in which you should come to Jesus. Whether it was the Sabbath evening or not the day had been spent by the Saviour in diligent labour; for our Saviour takes care, when the people would listen to Him on. the seventh day, to preach with alt His mfgot. As soon as the son war up He began to tell out saving truth. He was tired wh n the evening was come, and He might bave sought test; hot instead of that they brought out the sick to .Him to heal, and He must close up a weary day by a yet more arduous task. Until darkness had covered the earth, He must continue still to scatter blessings right and left. A t ■ this hour our blessed Master had laid aside all wearines-, and now at eventide He is waiting to bless. Whatever has been done during the diy, yet if Bomc poor, weary soul has spurned the voice divine through all the former hours, He is wai ingslill to save, ersyetthesunhas quite gone down. What a strange eight that evening saw! Ihey brought forth to the Saviour tho9© that were posses* feed of evil spirits* and those that were sick. They brought thorn on their mattresses, and laid them in .the streets. It must have been a very difficult thing to bring out some that were possessed, because they btrugg ed and raved; but nevertheless they broughtthein. The streets were turned Into alios* pltal, and in the still evening air you could hear the cries of those poor creatures who were possessed of evil spirits, and the moans of those in acute pain. It was a sad sight, a piteous sight to look upon; and as far as Christ's eye could see, every nook and corner was occupied with these sick people But what a glorious thing it must have been to see Him, the Divine Physician, with teats of pity in bis eyes, and »et with hea ing joy in Bis countenance, suffering intensely all the while because of their suffering, and yet joyous because He was able to bless them. You see Hun go &'oug and lay Wis hand on oue si*k man, and lie leaped up frotnthe bed; and your hear Rim speak to another and the foul spirl1- fl*d, and h® that was piadness Itself became calm and rational. Z am go>ng to speak about His works of healing, and to draw encouragement therefrom; and then we shall go into the explanation of His power to heal, which is given us In the second verse of our text, *' Himself took our ioflrmlUes and bare our sicknesses." £. Let ua notice first, our Lord's work of healing. On thatoccaslon and on many others. He cured all sorb of sickness. I think I am right m sayiug that there is not in the whole list of diseases one which the Saviour did uol heat They may be known by new names, for they a<»y the doctors have invented & dozen new diseases lately; but they are only old diseases to which they have given new names; Our great'grsndfatbiTA died of diseases, the names of which they never knew, or else they had other names than those which are given to tliem now. But as man has always been much 'he same, most diseases ii «ve continued as long is the human race. We have to he very grateful that leprosy, which was thegreat scourge of the Jews, is almost eatincfc now; but in our Saviour's day It soerns to Iiavs been exceedingly common. But leprosy and all forms of disease came under the Saviour's power, and fled at His word. Now the parallel of that In Ibis—Jesus Cbrlstcan forgive sins of all sorts. There are different grades of sin. 8ome are exceedingly defiling and loath* some. Other sins arose rcely hurtful to the general commonwealth, and so are of en almost^ unnoticed. From whatever kind of sin you are uttering, I would encourage yon to co-re to Jesus with it, be it what it may. It may b« that your chief »in is he forget* ting of God, and living without love to Christ—a deadly sin, let me tell you; hut bring it to the Saviour. "The blood of Jesus Christ Ills Son cleansethus from All sin." oh, hear this, and look up to the Saviour, and pray Him of His great mercy to exercise the healing art of His redeeming love on you. Note, next, that Jesus can deal with special cases of devilry. Possession with evil spirits was probably peculiar to the age. I sometimes think that when Uip s+viour came down on earth the devil had the impudence to ask to be let loose, that he and all his servant* wigbbcoroe on earth, and in oerson might meet (ho saviour. Satan is still busy, but not exa< tlv In the particular way in wl.lcta he raged ia Christ's day. He cannot take po*S6ssion of meu's bodies as he did then. So the Saviour met Satan face to face; but the devil made a poor fight of it. for whenever the Lord Je*us mode his appearance the devil wanted to be off, a« d if he did not want to go f.hn Kn vlniir <mnn mnvnil him hv fliviny. 11 f! .me nnfc the Saviour soon moved him by saving, "C-rae out of him." Like a whipped dog be did not dare to make a sound, but flod. Satan had found somebody that wai more than & match for him. The parallel to that is this. Tbero are some men that we meet with in wh'O tb* devil evidently reigns; and there ere such women too—for when woaen are bad, they can he bad, and there can be no mistake about it. The devil can make more mischief out nf a woman than out of a man when he tliorougblygebc possession of her. Well, whether men or women, there are some who might be called' the devil's own.*' One man ia a drunkard; there is no holdiog him; he must drink on: he sterns to be infatuated by it. He takes the pledge, and abstains for a little while, bat by*aua*by the doril gets hold of him agaio, and he goes ha» k to his taps. Though he has drunk himself into delirium tremens, And to death's door, yet still he gives way to this loathsome vice. Oth-ra are pressed with the devil of lasolviousnoss, And it : doe« not matter what they buffer, they will be always defiling themselves ruining body nod eoul iVDO fi ' by their iniquity. We know persons who seem to have arfovii in them in the matter of passion. Thev j are "hut a little provoked and ihev lone al* command I of themselves, an«i yon would think that they ought to be put in a padded room nnd .kept there until thf-y cooled down. Otherwise they might do mis chief to themselves and others. Surely some men who can Rcar< ely speak without 6we ring, have the devil in them. How ou«'h blond runs chill in going down our streets to bear bowcommonly our working mendegr/irie themselves with filthy conversation. It. isnoteKP.ctlj cursing: it-is less honest and more vile. Is there any hope for suoh? The^e are the very people in whom Josus Christ baa often dia* played Q1h healbg power. I could tell you to-night of lions that have been turned to lambs, men of furious paesinns who have become gentle and quiet and loving, men of profane spt-ech who would be shocked at the very remembrance of what fcl'cy once said, and whose voice* have been often heard in prayer. I have hlexsed the name of God when giving the right hand of Chris'ian fellowship to ransomed ones to whom we could not havegivenour right hand a little while ago. for »t would have been wrong to join with them an the wickedness of their pursuits. Th- remarkable point about this mlrno'e working was that all were healed, and there was no failure. When a man brings out a patent medicine he publishes verifications of ibe efficacy of his physic. He gets a number of cases and be advertises them, t suppose they are genuine But there I* one thing which you never knew a merlirine advertiser do. He never advertises the failure* of the medicine. The number of persons (hat have been induced to bny the remedy, end have derived no good from it—if these were Ail advertised f no good from it—if these were ail advertised f&mfght; oecupy mor* room in the newspaper th*n those who write of a cure. My Lord Jesus Christ is a Physician who never had a failure yet - never once. Never did a man, besotted with the worst of vice, trust in Josus without receiving power to conquer h'e evil hnb'ts. Not even in i he lowest pit of hell Is there one that dares to say, " I trusted Christ, and I am l*st. I sought HIr face with all my heart, and He cost me away," Th«-re is not a man living that could s*v that, unless he dared to lie; for not one-has wi'h heart and soul Booght the saviour, and trusted iu Him. and then had a negative from Rim. He mu»t save you If you trust Him Am surely a« He lives He most save you. for Be has put It, "Him that cometh to Me X will In no wise cast out." Notice, that His wora was tho sole medicine Be used; M Ue cn&t; out the spirits with Ills word." No other ^medicine, no charms, no long performances, no. Btrlking of Hie band, orer (be place; but He epake, and it web done.' He said to the devil, "come out of Him," and it ca ne out. He eald to the disease, **Go," and away It went. In that way • tbe Lord aa*es men to-day—by His word. Wbile I am speaking it to-night, or when yon shall be read* lug it. His word will be the power of God unto saU' radon. I amgl&d; you are beretobearit, for faith : cometh by hearing,. I shall be gladif you diligently 1 redd it, for reading is a kind of beating, and many - are brought to the $avi«ur thereby. Jesus Christ : does not need to put yon.throngh a long purgatory*.: and keep you for months getting ready to be saved. He has only this night to «pen your ear to hpar Ills i word, and when you hear it He can bless i f. to your ' soul so that you shall live, and your sin shall die; ' and you shall become changed and renewed by His . matchless grace. II. Hay God give you a bearing car, and save you , while I apeak, secondly, of our Lord's personal , power to heal. Whence came it tbpfc lie was able to save? We are pointed to the secret of his power ] by these words," That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias, the prophet saying; Himself took our iofirmltles, and bare our sicknesses." Christ was able to heal the. disease* of men, be* cause He bare thetn Himself. Do not think that our Lord Jesus was actually diea*fd; He suffered greatly, bat 1 read not that any disease was upon ! Him. Probably there was no man in whom there was lers tendency to natural disease than in Him. His pure and blessed body was not subject to the diseases which are brought upon men through sin being in them. How, then, did He take upon Blm our sicknesses and our sorrows? First, Be bare our sickness by intense sympathy, j IVlieo Christ looked at all those sick people, He did, as it were, take all their sicknesses upon Himself, 1 You kuow what 1 mean. If you talk with a person j who is very ill, and you feel for him, you seem to , lay his pains upon yourself, and then, yen hare , power to comfort k<m. \Vheu t am seeing troubled people, I enter into one sorrowful case after another til! I am more sad than any of their. I try as far as I can to have fellowship with toe case of each ] one in order to be able to speak a word of Com* j fort to bim; and I can say, from personal expert- j euce, that 1 know of nothing that wears the soul j down !>o fast as the outitcw of sincere sympathy ; with the sorrowing, desponding, depressed ones. | I have sometimes been the me.ns in God's band j of helping a man who suffered with a de sponding spirit; but the help 1 have rendered bas cost me d-arly. Hours after I have been myself depressed, and I have felt an inability to shake it off You and I have not a thousandth wart of the sympathy that was in Christ, tie sympathized with aJl the aggregate of hnroan woe, and eo sympathized that He made His heart a great reservoir, into which all streams of grief poured themselves. My Master is Just the same now. Though he is in heaven, He it just as tender as He w*e on sartb. Think of this. Somebody might not sympathize with you, poor sinner, hub Jesus does. You would not like to loll some people what- you bave done, I for they would turn upou their heel, and give you a i wide berth, but it is not so with Jesus. He looks' upon sin. not with the eye of a judge, but with the eye of a physician. Ho looks at as a disease, and ] He deals with it that He may hral it. He has great j sympathy with sinners thougtiHebasnosyrapathy ] with sin. He takes the sinner's sorrows to Him- j self. He bids yon take of the water of life freely. ; He is ready nt this moment to bosrow salvation ; M Nobody knows my case," cries ono. Hut Jesus > knows it. He knows tnat dark spot in it. He j knows that hard core-which will nob come away. He knows it all, and yet He says,' Return, thou backsliding daughter." He bids the vtte*t of the i vile to come to Bim, for He has i>ympatby with { them still. j J^sus Christ took upon Himself our sicknesses by His championship of onr humanity. Satan milled1 our first parents, and the powers of darkness held j us captive. In consequence of sin we have become 1 sick and infirm, and liable to suffer. | Now, when oar Lord Jesus c me on earth, He as good as said, •' I am the seed of the woman; and I have come to bruise the bead of men's aiversary." So Christ in that respect t-ook upon UimseU all t he consequences which come of *iu. He stood forth rib j tlie Champion of fallen manhood, to tight man I and cast, him out of m n's bodies; to battle with | disease, and to orerihrow the erl which lies at the ] root of lb, tnat men might bo made healthy. | Ke i-our Champion erilL Behold in Him the I Champion of sinners, the David who comes and j defies the UollatU that has long afflicted men. oh. i I wish you wouM trust our glorious Ch&mpionlj; Remember how He met the adversary alono, and* vanquished him. "' Twos on that da»k, that dread- ; ful night." The enemy sprang upon Him in the garden like a lion, and the saviour received Idtu on 81s breast. He brought the Saviour 'o His knees; but there He grasped the lion, bucged him, crushed him, rent h«m, and flung him from lliui. Our S&msoQ; sweat as it were gmt drops of blood falling down to the ground; and though he had won that victory He afterwards bowed Ilia head i and gave up the ghost He live", however, now again, the Champion of the c«UBecf nil the suffer- ( ing, the sorrowing and the »fnfui, if they will but come and put their case into HU hi.nd. I But h«re is the pith of the whole matter. The reason why Jesus is able to heal all the mischief that tin has wrought is this—bee «ub* He Ilimself ; took our s n upon Him by QU sacred substitution. , Sin is th« root of our infirmities and diseases; and i so, in taking the root, Retook all the bitter fruit which that *-oot did bear. Ob, tell icout again, Mid ; tell it every day, in the glare of noorda), in the I market, in the street, and everywhere, that God took sin from off the back of tinuers, and laid it on ] His innocent and only begotten Sou 2 Oh mystety divine, never to bo known If (rod hud nor. revealed It; andnoteven now to ,ve believed if God Himself bad not assured as of it| He fold sin upon Christ. "All we, like sheep, have gore astray; we have t'rnetf every one to his own way; and the Lord j bath laid on Him the iniquity of us all." Barken , then, ye guilty ones! Hear how freely God c*n forgive, and n>t injure His justice. If you trust Christ you may Joe sure that you are among the number of those whose sins were 1-id on Christ. H* was punished in your room and place and ; stead. " But did He suffer in my stoid 7" I must answer this question by another, *' Dost thou believe that Jesus Is the Christ? Wilt thou trust thy soul with Him? Wei), If thou dust, thy transgressions are not thine, for they were laid on Him. They are : not on thee, for, like everything else, they connot be In two places at one time; and if they were laid on Christ, they ate not laid on jou. But what did Jesus do with the sins that wore Kid on Him? Con they not come bsck to u»? N", n»vor; for Be took them to the sepulchre, and there He buried them ; for ever. And now, what aaith tho Scripture? " in those day*, and iir that time, s&iih; the Lord, the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for, and there shall he none; and the tins of Jud&b;, and they shall no' he fouud." " I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions; *nd, as a cloud, thy Bins" "Thou wilt cast all their «f»s Into the depths of the sea." Ourslas are gone. Christ has carried them away. Believers are the seed for whom the victory has be*n gritted. They are the seed to whom the promise is euro. It is not to those who are of workR, but to tho-e who are of faith. Those that ave horn again, of the Spirit of Cod, through faith which is io Christ Jesus— these ere ' redeemed from amo* g men," Now, when Jesus took the sins of believers npnn Hkn self, Ho discharged them by Hi* death; and every man that believes has the receipt in full in our Lord's resurrection. "Therefore being ju-tified by ^aith, we have peace with ^01." Yea, those that believe in Christ have the ^complete forgiveness of* every sin. As for me, I like to ring with Kent— 4tHere's pirdon for transgressions past, It matters not how black their case; And D my soul, with wonder view. For sins to come here's pardon tool" All blotted out at once with onestrokeof (he sacred pen, obliterated once for all. God does not again lay to the charge of men what he has once forgiven them. He does not forgive them half their rins and visit them for the rest; but, once given, the blessing is irrevocable; as it is written, "The giftB and calling of God are without repentance." Be never draws back, nor repents of what He h «e done. He . saves, and the salvation which saves is everlasting aalrAtioa.. 