THE NOVELIST. THE MANXMAN.* Et hall cadcb. BOOK IV.—MAX AXD WIFE. Cbapteh XXXIV. THE DBEHsTEB'6 DOOJf. Philip had not eaten much that night at dinner. He had pecked at the wmg of a fowl, been restless, absent, pre-occupied, and like a man straggling for composure. At intervals he had listened as for a step or a voice, then recovered himself and laughed a little. Anntie Nan had explained bis uneasiness on grounds of natural excitement after the doings of the great day. She had loaded his plate with good things, and chirruped away under the light of the lamp. " So sweet of you, Philip, not to forget Pete J amid all your saccesa. He's really such a j good eoul. It would break bis heart if yon | neglected him. Simple as a child, certainly, and of course quite uneducated, but " "Pete is fit to be the friend of anyone, Auntie." " The friend, yes, but you'll allow not j exactly the companion " " If he is simple, it is the simplicity of a ] nature too large for little things." " The dear fellow ! He's not a bit jealous | of you, Philip." "Such feelings are far below him, Auntie." " He's your first cousin after all, Philip. There's no denying that. Ae he says, the | blood of the Christians is in him." The conversation took a turn. Auntie Nan fell to talking of the other Peter, uncle Peter Christian, the Ballawhaine. This was the day of the big man's humiliation. The son he had doted on was disgraced. She tried, but could not help it; she straggled, bat could not resist the impulse—in her | secret heart the tender Jittle soul rejoiced. " Such a pity she sighed. " So touching j when a father—no matter how Belfish—is wrecked by love of a thankless son. I'm sorry, indeed I am. Cut 1 warned him Bix ] years ago. Didn't I, now f" Philip was far away. He was seeing visions j of Pete going home ; the deserted bouse, the empty cradle, the desolate man alone and, heart-broken. They rose from the table and went into j the little parlour, Auntie San on Phihp's arm, proud and happy. She fluttered down to the piano and Bang, to cheer him up a j little, an old song in a quavering old voice. Of the wandering falcon The cuckoo complains, He has torn her warm nest, He ha* scattered her young. - Suddenly Philip got Up stiffly, and said in a husky whisper, " Isn't that his voiae f " Whose, dear f* " Pete's." " Where, dearest ?' " In the hall." "1 hear nobody. Let me look. No, Pete's not here, lint how pale you are, Philip. What'a amiss ?' " Nothing," said Philip, " I only thought "Take some wine, dear, or some brandy. You've over-tired yourself to-day, and no wonder. Yon most have a long, long rest to night" * " Yea, I'll go to bed at once." " So soon ! Well, perhaps it's best Yon want sleep; your eyes show that Martha ! Is everything ready in the Deemster's room ? All but the lamp? Take it up, Martha. Philip, you'll drink a little brandy and water first? I'll carry it to your room then ; yon might need it in the night. Go before me, dear. Yes, yes, you roust. Do you think I want yon to see how old 1 am when I'm going upstairs ? Ah, I hadn't to climb by the banisters this way when I came first to Dallure." On reaching the landing Philip was turning to his old room, the bedroom be had occupied from hiB boyhood up, the bedroom of his mother's father, old Capt'n Billy. " Not that way to-night, Philip. This way—there ! What do yon say to that ?' She pushed open the door of the room opposite, and the glow of the fire within rushed ont on them. " My father's room," said Philip, and he stepped back. " Oh, I've aired it, and it's not a hit the worse for being so long shut np. See, it's like toast Oo—oo—oo ! Not the least sign of my breath. Come I" "No, Auntie, no." " Arc you afraid of ghosts ? There's only one ghost lives here, Philip, the memory of your dear father, and that will never harm you." " Bnt this place is too sacred. No one has slept here since " " That why, dearest But now you have justified your father's hopes, and it must be your room for the future. Ah, if be could only see you himself how proud he would be 1 Poor father! Perhaps he does. Who knows —perhaps—kissme Philip. See what an old silly I am after all. So happy that I have to cry. But mind now, you've got to sleep in this room every time you come to hold court in Ramsey. I refuse to share you with Elm cottage any longer. Talk About jealousy ! If Pete isn't jealous 1 know somebody who is —or soon will he. But Philip—Philip Christian " "Yes?" The sweet old face grew solemn. " The greatest man has his cares and doubts and divisions. That's only natural—out in the open field 61 life. But don't be ashamed to come here whenever you are in trouble. It's what home is for, Philip. Just a place of ' peace and shelter from the rough world when it wounds and hurts you. A quiet snot, dean with memories of father and mother and innocent childhood—and with an old goose of an Auntie, maybe, who thinks of yon all ► The 6bated by right ot paUtiblng this work h*a been pur r mpmptkhM «2%9Aiuhvkwitm, - ' day and every day, end ia so rain and foolish —and-and who loves yon, Philip, better than anybody in the world." Philip's arms were about the old soul, bnt he had not heard her. With a terrified glance towards the window, be was saying in a low quick voice " Isn't that a footstep on the gravel T . . ' " \ o, no! Yon re nervous to-night, Philip. Lie and rest When you're asleep I'll creep back and look at yon. . She left him and he looked around. Not in all the world could Philip have found a spot so full of terrors. It was like & sepulchre ot dead things, his dead father, his dead mother, nis ( dead- youth, his dead innocence, his slaughtered friendship, and ha outraged conscience. . ^ .. , ,. ! Over a fireplace hung a portrait of his : mother. It was the picture of a comely girl, ; young and soft with full ripe lips and bright brown eves. Philip shuddered as he looked at it The portrait was like the ghost ot himself looking through the veil of a woman's face. . ., , Facing this, and hanging over the side of the b>d, was a portrait of his father. The eyes were full of light, the lines of the cheeks were round ; the mouth Beemed to quiver, with a tender smile. Bat Philip could not j see it as it was; he saw it with strasrlinghwr; j damp and long as reeds, the cheeks pallid , and drawn, the eyes like lamps in a mist, | the throat bare of the shirt, and the ltp3 kept j apart by laboured breathing. ] Near the window stood the cot where he I had once slept with Pete and leaped up m ; | the morning and laughed. On every band, j wherever bis eye could rest, _ there rose a I phantom of his lost and burial life. And I Auntie Nannie's love and pride had brought j him to this chamber of torture ! •Hie night was calm enough-outside ; but 1 it seemed to lie dead within Uiat room, so qniet was it and so still. There was a clock, but it did not go : and there was a cage for a bird, but no bird peeked in it. Philip thought he heard a Knocking at the door of the house. Nobody answered it, so he rang lor the maid. She came upstairs with a 6mile. ... " Didn't yon hear a knock at the front door, Martha ?" " No, sir," avid the girl. " Strange! Very strange \ 1 could have sworn it was the knock ot Mr. Quill jam. ^ Perhaps it W06, sir, I'll go aoa look. " No matter. I've a singing in my eare to night. It must be that." , The girl left bim. He threw off his boots and began to creep about the room as if lie were doing sonething in which he feared de tection. Every time his eyes fell on the por trait of his father he dropped his head and turned aside. Presently he heard voices m the room below. This time the sound in his ears was no dreaming. He opened the door noiselessly and listened. # . It was Pete. Martha was answering him, Auntie Nan was calling from the dining-room, and Pete was saying " No, no," in a light way and moving on. The gate of the prdjn clicked and the frontdoor was closed quietly. Then Philip shut the door of his own room without a sound. A moment later Auntie Nan re-opened it. She was carrying a lighted candle, '• Such an extraordinary thing, Phiup Martha says you thought you beard Peter knocking, and, do you know, he must have been coming up the bill at that very moment. He was ao stt≱, too, ana looked so wild. Asked if anybody had been here uiqumng for him; as if anybody should. Woutdnt have me call to vou. and went off laughing.about nothing. Really, if I hadn't known him for a sober man " ■ Philip felt sick and chill, and he began to shiver. An irresistible impulse took bold of him. It was like the half-smothered, few which makes guilty men go to sit at the in quests on their murdered victims. "Something wrong," he said. Where are my boots V . "Going to Elm-cottage, Philip? Pity the coachman drove Lack to Douglas- Hadnt you better send Martha? Besides, it may be only my fancy. Why worry in any case? You're too tender-hearted, indeed you are. Philip fled downstairs like one who flies from torture. While dragging on h« in the hall he began to foresee what was before him. He was to go to Pete, pretending to know nothing ; lie was to hear Pete s story, and show surprise; be was to-comfort Pete— perhaps to help him in bisjsearch, for he dare not appear tiol to help—he was to walk by Pete's side, looking for what he knew they should not find. He saw himself crawling along the streets like a beast, end the part he had to play revolted him. He went upstairs aR"0n second thoughts yon muBt be right, Auntie." " I'm sure I am. " If not he'll come again. " I'm sure he will." " If there's anything amiss with Pete be II come first to me." ... " There can be nothing amiss except what I say. Just a glass too much, maybe, and no great sin either, considering the day, and how proud he is, for your sake, Philip. I believe in my heart that young man couldnt be. prouder and happier if he stood in your own Bhoes instead." ., _ " Good-night, Auntie," said Philip, m a thick gurgle. , , , , " Good-night, dearf > I'm going to bed, and mind you go yourself." Being alone, Philip found himself leaning against the mantelpiece, and looking across at his father's pictdre. He began to contrast his father with himself. He was a success, his father had been a failure. At seven-a nd twentyhe was Deemster, at all events; at thirty his father bad -died a broken man. He had got what he had worked for; he had re covered the place of his people; and yet how mean a man he was compared to bim who had done nothing and lost all. Failure wae everything that tiiB father had had to reproach himself with; but he had to accuse himself of dishonour as well. His father's offence had been n fault; bis own wus a crime. If his father had been willing to betray love and friendship, he might have succeeded. Because he himself had been true to neither he had not failed. The very excess of bis father's virtues had kept him down. Every act of his own selfishness had pushed him up. His father had thought first of love and truth and an upright life, and last of money and rank and applauBe. The woild had renounced his father because bis lather htfd first renounced the world. But it had opened its arms to him, and followed him with shouts and cheers, and loaded him with honours. And yet, miserable man, bettor be down in the ooze and slime of a broken life, better be dead and in the grave—for the dead in bis grave must deBpiae him. An awful picture rose before Philip. It was a picture of himself in the time to come. An old man-great, powerful, perhaps even beloved, maybe worshipped, but heart-dead, tottering on to the grave, and the mockery of a gorgeous funeral, with crowds and drums and solemn music. Then suddenly a great silence, as if the snow had begun to fall, and a-great-white light, and an awful voice eying,, u Who is this that comes with dust for a bleedhoghewt, and ashes for aUving«l»U" ! Philip screamed aloud at the vision, as piece by piece he pot it together. Hia cry I died off with a tingle in the china ornaments ' of the mantelpiece, and he remembered where i he was. Then two gentle taps came to the door of his room. Be composed himself a little, snatched op a book, and cried, " Come in! " It was Aantie Nan. She was in her night dress and nightcap. A candle was in her hand, and the flame was shaking. " Whatever's to do, my child ! " she said. " Only reading alond, Auntie. Did I awaken yon ? " " But yon screamed, Philip." " Macbeth, Auntie. See, the banquet scene. He has become king, yon know, bnt his conscience " i He stopped. The little lady looked at him dubiously and made a pall at the string of her nightcap, causing it to fall aside and give a grotesque appearance to her troubled old face. " Take a little brandy, dear. I left it here on the dressing-table." | " Don't trouble about me, Aantie. Good- j night again. There! go back to bed." Half coaxing, half forcing her, he drew her j to the door, and she went ont slowly,_ re- j luct&ntly;, doubtfully, the wandering strings ot her cap trailing on her shoulders, and her bare feet flipping op the bottom of the night dress behind her. Philip looked at the book he had snatched up in hia haste. What had put that book of | all books into his hand? What had brought him to that room of all rooms ? Andonthat night of all nights? What devil ont of hell had tempted Auntie Nan to torture him ? He wonld not stay; he wonld go back to his own bed. Ont on the landing he heard a low voice. It came from Anntie Nan's room. A spear of candle-light abot from her door, which was ajar. He paused and looked in. The white nightdress was by the bedside, the nightcap was buried in the counterpane. A cat bad established itself beside it, and was purring softly. Aantie Nan was on her knees. Philip heard his own name: " God bless my Philip in the great place to which be has been called this day. Give him wisdom, and Btreneth, and peace Holy woman, with angels hovering over yon, who dared to think of devila tempting your innocence and love ? Philip went back to his father's room. He began to reconcile himself to bis po i'ion. Though he had been extolling his fa'herat his own expense, what had be done bnt realise his father's hopes. And, after all, he conld not have acted differently. At no point conld he have behaved other vise than he had. What had he to accuse himself with ? If there had been sin, he had been dragged into it by blind powers which he conld not command. And what was true of himself was also tone of Kate Ah, he conld see her now. She was gone where he had sent her. There were tears in her beautiful eyes, bnt time wonld wipe them away. The duplicity of her old life wbb over; the corroding deceit, the daily torment, the honrly infidel it)'—all were left behind. If there was remorse, it was the fault of destiny; and if she was suffering the pangs of shame,' she was a woman, and she wonld bear it cheerfully for the sake of the man she loved. She was going through everything for him. Heaven bless her ! In spite of man and man's law, she was his love, his darling, his wife yes, hia wife—by right of nature and of -God ; and, come what would, he should cling to her to the last Suddenly a thick voice cut through the etiU air of the night " Philip?" It was Pete at last He was calling up at the window from the,path below. Philip, ed and covered' his face with his " Philip!" With ngid steps Philip walked to the window arm threw up the sasb. It was star light, and the branches were bending in the j night air. " Is it you, Pete?" " Yes, it's me. I was seeing the lamp, bo I knew you war'n in lied at. all. Studying a bit, it's like, eh ? 1 thought 1 wouldn't waken the bouse, but just shout up and tell yon." " What is it, Pete V said Philip. His voice shivered like a sail at tacking. " Nothing much at all. Only the wife's gone to England over by the night's steamer." "To England!" " Aw, time for it too, I'm thinking; the wake and narvons she's been lately. Yon remember-what the doctor was eaying yonder everin', when wc christened the child? ' Send her out of the island,' says lie, ' and she'll be coming home another woman.' Wasn't for going though.' Crying and shout ing she wouldn't he laving the lil one. So I had to put out a bit of authority. Of coorse, a husband's got the right to do that Philip, eh ? Well, I'll be taking the road again. Doing a fine night isn't .it? Makes a man | unwilling to go to bed." Philiptrembled, and felt sick. He tried to speak, out could utter nothing, except an in articulate noise. As Pete went off, an owl screeched in the glen. Philip drew down the sash, palled the blind, togged the curtains across, stumbled into the middle of the Hour, and leaned against the bed. "Such is the beginning of the end," he thought The duplicity, the deceit, the daily torment which Kate had left behind were hence forward to be his own 1 At one flash, as of lightning, .he saw the path, before - him. It was over cliffs and chasms and quagmires, where his foot- might slip at any etep. His head began to reel. He took the brandy bottle from the drowing-table, poured out half a tumbler, and drained it at one draught. As he, did so, his eyes above the rim of theglass rested on the portrait of biB mother over the fireplace. The face as be saw it then was no longer the face of the win some bride. It was the living face as he remembered it—bleared, bloated, gross, and drunken. She smiled on him, she beckoned to him. i It was the beginning of. the end indeed. He was his mother's son as well as hta father's. The father had ruled down to that day, but it was the turn of the mother now, He could not resist her. She was alive in his blood, and he was hers. Never before had he touched spirits, and the brandy mastered him instantly. Feeling dizzy, he made an effort to undTeBB and get into bed. He dragged off his coat and his waistcoat, and threw,: his braces over his shoulders. Then hestyunhled, qnd had to lay hold of the bedpost. -His band grew chill and relaxed ite hojd. Stupor came over him. He.slipped, he slid, he tell, and rolled with outstretched arms on - to the floor. The fire went out, and the lamp di6d down. . Then the sun came tip over the sea. It was a beautiful morning. The town awoke ;.people hailed each other cbeerinUy in the streets, and loybells rang from the big church tower for the first oourt-dayof the new Deemster. But the Deemster himself still lay on the floor with damp forehead and matted hair behind .-the blind of the darkened room. ; * END Ot BOOK POCfc 