Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRETTO." There is something truly delightful in geographical study. I used to think that history was more inthralling in its situations and surprises, but after the experiences of the week I am a convert to the oult of globe and compass. It was that übiquitous Chinaman again. Like a poor foolish European I had fondly believed that America was discovered by Columbus; and I had also learned in a ronnd abont way that the Norsemen long before knew a thing or two about the New World. All one's Aryan pride arose in fall frill to think of the daring of our ancestors. But imagine the shook to my sensitive nerves to find that John Chinaman actually claims to have played Colum bus in the dim distaul past I Is it any wonder that the redskins vowed vengeance against all the pale faces, and made a point of aoalp hunt ing? The very sight of a shaved crown and a pigtail would Buggest the idea. Instead of the frenzy dying out when tho wanderers from the Flowery Land had passed from memory, that happy thought which struck some Apache or liiquois into '6ft. of goose flesh in view of a long hairy plait and a bare pale, remained till the Pilgrim Fathers landed—and after. Verily John Chinaman is a marvel, and geography is the scienoe for me. The only trouble is that one never knpws where the heathen intends to stop? Next we shall hear that he invented the mariner's compass else how could he have crossed the Paoifio? Ah yes, there it is again. I find that such is the oase. My Celestial friend actually insists that his forefathers knew as much of the mag netio needle as he knows about manure and tomatoes in his oapaoity of vegetable-mongering exile in Queensland. While we plume our selves about holding suoh hands in the euchre of existence, the humble Chinee plays a joke every time in the principal rounds. Perhaps the Yankee will find himself robbed of honours in the disoovery or invention of euohre itself, or of the bowie knife! Better 'leave the Bubjeot rather. We might actually arrive at another sensation in the Chinese discovery of Australia! Ik is easier to say " Leave the subject" than do it. The last meeting of the Royal Geo graphical Society has pat me on my mettle, and until I get to the bottom of this Amerioan business, life will be like a beggar's pooket. There are people in Brisbane, I find, who really believe that the alleged disoovery of America by the Chinese is a hoax. A gentle man informs me that a paper read to the members of the above aooiety was an awful capsize for the tea oaddy. This oomea as a surprise, beoause my eye opener on. the question was received from an erudite artiole in a San Franoisco journal; and when the Brisbane geographers blossomed with the Chino-Colnmbua controversy I at once supposed that the learned American doctor had been patted on the baok for proving John a true discoverer —a senior pilgrim father. But one Brisbane oritio was not inclined to allow any Buch virtue to cheap furniture or foroed vegetables. He does not understand Chinese, nor is he a learned man, nor is he an authority on the subjeot, nor does he pretend to derive his information from anything highor than a study of the mariner's compass; but anyhow the Chinese did not discover Amerioa. After reading the report of this last Geographical Society's meeting I am inclined to think that the members were not unanimous on the subject. The president was evidently oj^fr'warpatti, anA the member of the oaonoU vJ^refckihe Mper was dragged around by the^fcls. WJwgffxports decide that the* Chinese did discovetjjfcmerioa it is rash for a Brisbane anti-cheap lljlour advocate to deny the faot. I am quite oonvinoed that the United States must now admit the prior right of Celestials to settle there. Of oourse Major Boyd deserves every sympathy in his heroio endeavours. If the Chinese should claim that our own oontinent was visited and annexed nnder mandate from the Ver milion Pencil, ages before Cook or Tasman orept down the ooast, it will be sufficient to urge that the records of the Queensland branoh of the Royal Geographical Society prove the oontrary. The paper reoently read might bo printed in the " Government Gazette" in anticipation, and forwarded to Fekin as a warning to the Emperor to mind his own business when the war with Japan is over. There is a world-renowned spiritualist medium in Sydney named Mrs. Mellon, and wioked men have tried to prove her a fraud. They waited until a spirit was within clasping distance and then essayed an armful of another world. Incredible to relate the form of Mrs. Mellon, on her knees, revealed itself In the quickly upturned gaslight, and the visitant had gdne. The lady had neither shoes nor stockings on; and bub explained that her legs had shrunk under the demands of a greedy ghost, whioh oould only appear to mortal eyes clothed upon in human flesh, until the artioles in question slipped off. When a disbeliever asserted himself the ghost vanished and left Mrs. Mellon to explain. She has explained—fully, freely, without reserve. She talks of her legs without blushing, and so far I have been able to do the same. But Ido not think the brass in my constitution will stand the drain muoh longer. The saored extremities of a personage whose flesh has been used by spirits must never more be mentioned with levity in my presence. To think that Australia holds me and such a wonder in the same breadth of mother earth 1 All my senses—well, this will not do. I am a sober man, and the spirit world so far has never got beyond my whisky bottle, except of course when demanding to be clothed with human flesh in the ordinary way. Three or four stiff drinks are quite sufficient, thank youl But this spiritualistio episode has caught me on a very tender spot. I must make a oonfession of faith. I am quite convinced that the rfsh men who interrupted the Mellon seance in Sydney will be sorry for their, emulation of Thomas, snr named Didymus. It is evident that Mrs. Mellon is a brilliant medium, a genuine ghost driver. After reading her defence I surrendered unconditionally. A woman who oould invent 6uch a solution of a most awkward problem, and could then persuade folk in cold daylight that the false was true, deserved to be believed. I should not care to be the one to doubt. Fanoy scattering tacks before confidence of that sort! Or imagine a human being clasping a supposed spirit in desperate disbelief, just at the moment when the medium could not possibly get baok her—ahem—extremities. I daro not use the word "legs" in the awful silence around me. No; spiritualism baa entered a new phase, wherein the dangers of dynamite are mere child's play. If any one from this onward assails the bona fides o( Mrs. Mellon as a medium, I shall threaten him with a visit from "Geordie" and "Cissy"; and if the vision of shrunk shanks does not settle the difficulty, then may his temerity bear its proper fruit. This does not read oonneotedly I must admit, and my teeth are chattering. I have tried hard to oonvinoe myself that this Sydney business is an ordinary every-day revelation of human incredulity and idiocy. But it will not do. To believe Mrs. Mellon a consummate liar is more than I oan manage, and her Bhed shoes and stookings must fo* ever stand as the emblem of truth. Happy thought, perhaps the Sydney spiritualists will accept the idea aa my contribution to the great basket of faith now being gathered up. Why not take the shrinking, shrivelling—ahem—legs of a lady as their coat of arms ? _ Mrs. Mellon, when she lost her legs, did not lay down her arms like Ben Battle, and why should not the spiritualists immortalise the faot ? I have an abundant sympathy for the Princess Alii of Hesse. If it be true that the late Duke of Clarence wanted her, bat failing to win her love lost bis ohanoe, then all the more credit to the charming granddaughter of Victoria. Bat what makes me jubilant at the present moment is her victory over the Patriarch of the Greek Chnroh. This is a good beginning for the wife of Russia's coming ruler, and now that the Royal wedding is as good as over I shall expeot to find the strong minded lady still the better man. But what is particularly refreshing in these dark days of despair among the masculine married is the fact that, if the Princess has a will of her own, she is Btill a true woman. She is sufficiently blue in tho stocking to keep the Russian clerioals at a disadvantage in argument, bat she haa asserted herself like the Englishwoman she is by the softer charms of a long dress. The dying Caar desires to hurry on the marriage, and she submits. I like a woman to think for herself, and then bold her own firmly but sweetly—she may then be trusted to do to others as she would be done by. This lets in a flood of objurgation from a friend of mine over the way. His better half ia delight fully sweet and very firm; bo much bo that at last he has learned to sew on his own buttons rather than interrupt a flow of eloquenoe on some of Tenessee Claflin'a latest fads. He can darn socks beautifully on quite a new plan. When the feet have worn through he oasts the articles out of the window with an emphatic "Darn 'em." His wife'B latest oraze ia to invite Mr. Charles Powers to tea one evening and disouss a bill of eighty or a hundred clauses that she has drafted on Woman's Eleotoral Bights. Of course this has no bearing upon the oharaoter of Prinoess Alix. It only shows that there are women and women. But I have no objec tion to the fair sex asserting themselves in the political world ; the more the merrier. If we oould be sure of the quality in every oase there would be a wealth of comfort in staying at home to fill the feeding bottle while one's best beloved wiped the floor of Parliament House with the Premier or the Minister for Lands. 