Ministers are of course tho judges of their own time and of that of tho House also. But it will not bo very wonderful if a House which is called to work for four days a week and on double timo should resent tho three hours wasted yesterday over the trumpory Harbor Trust Bill. Hou. members must havo their own opinions of the tactics of leaders who stop great measures of State policy midway in thoir course, at a time when every minute is of value, to esse a lumbering, biundor- ing, semi-insolvent corporation like tho Harbor Trust of the financial troubles into 'which its own incompetence lias plunged it. Tho Bill as drafted by the Government was innocent enough, no doubt. Tiie Harbor Trust lias £210,000 of its loan moneys locked up in the reconstructed banks. As we showed somo months ago, the Trust has been living on its borrowed capital, and consequently it wants a por tion of these impounded funds to pay the London interest on Ub loans. The corpora tion applied to the Government to get it out of its difficulty by enabling it to effect a mortgage on its own loan moneys. The proper course to have taken would have been to abolish the Trust altogether, and let the Customs department take charge of its duties. Instead of this tbe Premier was weak enough to allow the Commissioners to intervene in tho work of Parliament with their Bill for raising tho wind. The result was what a child could havo forecast. The very name of tho Trust is a. scandal in Parliament. It bristles with grievances and debatable questions. Its constitution is everything that is anti-democratic. Ono of its own members, Mr. White, told tho Chamber that some of its electors havo as many as 15 votes ; another told of a case in which 30 electors polled 150 votes at a single booth, and nearly every member of the body is a class representative of a strictly Conservative type. This, ot course, accounts for the financial muddle into which tho body has drifted. In addi tion to this, it is strongly alleged that the Trust, while being most tender to nu immense staff of high salaried officials, lias pared its lower paid employes down to sweaters' wages. To expect, therefore, that Parliament would pass an accommo dation Bill to such a body without insist ing on a " redress of grievances," was foolish in the extreme. The Premier found theineasure which heexpcctcd to go through in ten minutes occupy the whole time of the House up to the dinner hour. There are only six working days before Christmas, and all the Government Bills have yet to bo passed. It almost looks as'if Ministers were obstructing their own policy when they interrupt measures of the first import for trumpery ones like this Harbor Trust Accommodation Bill. In view of what wa havo said, there was more excuse for the subsequent waste of time indulged in by the leader of tho Opposition, Mr. Harper and others in insisting on a further second reading debate on the general principles of the Taxation Bill. It is true that none of the speakers had the ghost of a new argument to urge, and it says much for the patience of Parliament that it can sit so serenely under an interminable fiood of pointless platitudes. But it has had a good school ing. Sir James Patterson repeated for the twentieth time the absurd statement that it is impossible to separate land values from improvements. In view of the fact that in South Australia this has been dono for ten yeara past, and in New Zealand for the past three years, tho utter ineptitude and unreceptivity of the leader of the Oppo sition become apparent. The contention that thccountry has given no mandate for a land tax is equally futile. What better rellex of the country can thero he than a House newly elected, and speaking with a clear and preponderating voice? Mr. Harper is of course more dissatisfied with the land tax than ever. But no sensible Premier ever thinks of shaping any mea sure to please the member for Bourke East, for experience has shown that any thing which pleases him is pretty sure to displease the country. A week ago critics of his kidney wero loud against the taxation measure because it would reach the " poor farmer." Tho £500 exemption has romoved that ground of objection. Now they are wrath with it because it leaves 156,000 small land owners out of tho tax able area. It is now, they say, worse than ever. It is a class tax. It applies to only 28,000 land owners out of 184,000. But these good and tedious people forget that it supersedes a class tax which reaches only 868 land owners in tho wholo colony. Surely it is a long step towards a remedy to advance from the present land tax, which reaches fewer than a thousand set tlers, to one that reaches 28,200. Parlia ment itself has deliberately exempted 156,000 land owners from it, and it is childish thereforo to raise as an objection against the principle of the measure a detail which that very House has put into the Bill. It may he that the speakers who insisted on traver sing again all the hackneyed objec tions which havo dono duty during the past fortnight were not intentionally stonewall ing the Bill. They aro of the class whoso intellects naturally take alarm at every thing that is unfamiliar to them. They refuse to know anything to-day which tliey did not learn yesterday, and they scent danger in all that they do not know. The pathway of all reform is bestrewn with the dibris of their falso predictions. We heard the other day from Mr. Beeves that during tlia passage of the land tax in New Zealand volumes of dismal prophecy were launched against the tax. Property was to he ruined, credit destroyed, capital frightened away, and general ruin was to fall on the land. The result of three years' experience has proved it otherwise ; and tho utterers of 'the black forebodings are astonished that the universal cataclysm has not happened. Mr. Harper persists in say ing that all those predictions have been verified — that Now Zealand is now suffering from all the ills that national llesh is heir to ; hut it is known that his pre judices color all his knowlcdgo and distort his facts. AVo are not dependent on tho statements of individual Ministers like Mr. Beeves. Our telegraphic columns ou Tues day last recorded tho fact that Ilia New Zealand " cheap money " Bill has already reduced interest ; and that tho Govern ment there has purchased 1,000,000 acres in the North Island for settlement. Then there aro the difficulties of debt surround ing New Zealand as compared with those of Victoria. In this colony the people have to hear a burden of public indebtedness amounting iu round figures to £40 por head ; but most of our £48,000,000 of bor rowed money lias been invested produc tively. In'.New Zealand tho debt is £39, 000, 000, 1 or £59 por lioad, and more than one-half of it is earning no interest. These are facts which arc all against New Zealand as compared with Victoria. And yet licr industrial and social condition is incomparably better than ours. It remains thereforo for members who throaten a multitude of evils as sure to follow in the wako of a land tax to explain how it is that South Australia and New Zealand have b»Ch thriven niuiu aiucu the tax was imposed in thoso colonies. Ann our social organisations too numorous for tiie extent of onr population ? It would seem so, since wc find utterly incompetent .people thrust into semi-public positions. Every member of a municipal council thinks himself an inevitable member of Parliament in the not distant future, and insists upon introducing political questions into the council, although nothing can pus- sihly he clearer than that a local governing body lias nothing to do with such questions. It is unfair to the ratepayers for councillors to go out side their sphere, since thoy wero chosen for their presumed capacity to manage the construction of roads and the cloaring of drains, and not in any way on account of their political opinions. Had politics been the test at. tho municipal elections, most of the councillors who have of late been airing their antiquated political notions would never have been sent into the local governing bodies at all. It is conse quently a puro impertinence on the part of men who have been ap pointed to perform cortaiu specific and prosaic duties to neglect these in order to criticise the proceedings of Parlia ment and to instruct tho Ministry of tho day on questions of State policy. If tho same course is' to he taken by Mining Boards, Boards of Advice, Prospecting Boards and other semi-official bodies charged with specific functions, we shall have an .unintelligible babel of sound drowning the voice of the people expressed through legitimate channels. And there is no knowing whero tho nuisance is to stop. AVo may have each hospital com mittee in the colony instructing tho Trea surer how to frame his halanco sheet, and the executives of tlia friendly societies claiming to fix the basis of legislation. The farce becomes very broad indeed when the council of tho Hoyal Agricultural Soeiety becomes a political debating club, and devotes its meetings to the discussion of such topics as whether Parliament should impose a tax on the unimproved value of land. The country bus charged certain persons with the duty of deter mining the .incidence of taxation, and it is ' positively amusing . to find the work being voluntarily taken up by people who wero appointed to judgo of the fatness of bullocks, nnd who politically ropresont nobody hut themselves. The proceeding of these husybodies is the more offensive that they are members of a body which mainly exists as the result of a State subsidy, and who are openly charged witli not fulfilling tho functions which are supposed to constitute tho claim for the public grant. AVhen tho council of. an agricultural society takes to . "barracking" for a defeated political faction, and petitioning the Legislative Council to unconstitutionally intcrfero with money Bills and throw the financial affairs of the country into direr confusion than they are now in, it is time to consider whether it has not survived its usefulness, if it ever had any, and whether any more public money should ho spent upon it. It is probably only the intellectual dulncss of the Mortons and the Thompsons which prevents- their recognising that they are doing their best to ruin the institutions of which they seek to mako an improper use. AYlien men go outside their proper sphere to comment adversely on the policy of a majority in Parliament, thoy should at all events ho sure that they have vigorously and intelligently carried out tho work with which tliey were specially entrusted. If wo go hack to the charter upon which the Royal Agricultural Society was founded, wo find that its object was " to promote the " development of the agricultural, pastoral " and industrial resources of the colony." It was for this that the State aid was granted. The means by which the object was to he attained were as follow : — l. Jiy holding exhibitions and offoring and awarding prizes and premiums. 2. By holding meetings at which papers might bo read and diacuised. 3. "l'y collecting auoh information from agricultural publications and scientific works an might bo useful iu promoting the ob jects of the society. 4. By corresponding with agricultural and other kindred societies at home and abroad, and collcoting from such correspon dence all information whioh might lead to prac tical benefit in the cultivation of tile soil nnd breeding of stock. 5. By encouraging the attention of men of science to tho discovery of better methods of cultivation, to tbe improvement of agricultural implements and mnchincry, the construction of farm buildings, tiie application of chemistry to the general purposes of agricul- ture, tlia destruction of insects injurious to vege table life, and the eradication or utilisation of weeds. 6. By promoting tho discovery and introduction of new varieties of cereals, vegotables or grasses suitable to the cli mate, and capable of boing cultivated with profit ; anil alio the introduction of desirable kinds and '.varieties of live stoek. 7. By col lecting information regarding tho management of plantations, live fences and other subjects conneoted with rural improvement. 8. By investigating tho nature of diseases in animals or plants, and', taking measures for tho publica tion of tiie information thus oolleoted, together with all approved original essays sent in, lec tures delivered, or papars read to the society ; besides making provision for the establishment of a library and reading room for the use of membors. Now, how many items in this programme have been carried out by the Agricultural Society ? It may he safely said that no real effort has ever been made to go beyond tho first. To hold a show once a year is the sum total of the society's ambition. So far from promoting the holding of educational meetings in the interests of the rural industries, the council itself Bpends its time in politi cal discussions or in endeavoring to shape some visionary scheme of federat ing the numerous agricultural societies in the colony. The American agricultural societies are worked on a very different plan. The meotings, which are periodical and frequent, aro exclusively devoted to the pursuit of agricultural knowledge. Members are invited to read papers, the best of which aro printed and distributed gratuitously amongst tho farmers ; new seeds and plants are procured and distributed ; and, in fact, tho original promises of our own Hoyal Agri cultural Society are practically fulfilled. Hero everything is supposed to he dono when arrangements have been made for holding a show. It was not to bo expected that tho district societies which have boen brought into existcnco in such a number by tho prospect of sharing in tho Government grant would ho any improvement ou tliair prototype. Their activity may ho said to begin and end with the show, nnd the stimulus they give to agricultural progross is practically n il. In many cases, indeed, oven the show has not tho agricultural intereat mainly in viow. Tho most active members of the managing committee aro often tho traders of tho local town,- who regard the annual show as a means of promoting their own busi ness. It is not surprising iu such circum stances that a strong feeling lias arisen in favor of abolishing the agricultural society subsidy altogether. Thero is a wholly inadequate return in a national seiiBO for the money. Forliaps tho methods of appointing tho committees of management are vicious, leaving tho societies virtually in (the hands of cliques. Certainly very few of the men appointed have any claim to he regarded as instructors by the farm ing or pastoral class. It is not uncommon to find tho eommitteo include a couple of publicans, a saddler and a storekeeper, whilst the actual farmer is almost con spicuous by liis absence. This . failure of tho agricultural societies to i rca: liso tho original promiso of the' institution is . specially to ho re-, grottcd in the circumstances of tllq. timo. Tlio production of wheat and 'wool lias become unprofitable, and it is increas ingly desirable that fresh resources should he dcvoloped. If tho right mcu had been at the head of the agricultural societies, those institutions would have proved thoir utility by pointing ont what market within the colonies there was for new products, such as oil seeds, fibres aud ilowers, and distributed seeds and plants with instruc tions for their cultivation. Tlioy would, moreover, have directed their inquiries towards discovering new markets for articles already produced, or which might bo profitably produced. As it is, tho societies have rendered almost no services to their members or the general public. The managing men get up the inevitable shows, and devote tiie rest of their energy to silly discussions on the politics of the day. The Agricultural Society, as at pre sent constituted, is undoubtedly a failure, hut. it by no means follows that it would not prove a success if organised ou different linos. 