U -;%(5o6b StoHcaV' Ix l | : The Mysterious Letter. A WBt-L AUTHENTICATED OHOBT STOBT, ' - A. party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship; were telling ghost stories, The Rrv. Mr. Oryder of the Church of England was of tho nartv. He listened, but did not talk. When all the others had exerted all their ability in tho production of goose pimples; a facetious youth urged, Mr. Oryder, who wos'a man of much dignity, to tell his experience. No one thought he would com ply. But he did. " Ten' years ago," ho said, " I was a poor curate in a small Berkshire village, where through tbo influence of some friends, I received an invitation to preach a trial ser mon atone of tbo London churches. No time was to be lost, for I had to provide a substitute, arrange my ideas, pack my things, and evcrthlng being at Inst in proper shape, I hastened to the railroad station to take the lightning express (or London. " So absorbed was 1 in my thoughts, for a call to London is an event in a young curate's life, I may say the event, that I paid no at tention to the surroundings, but suddenly I noticed a person walking boforo me on the plank road whom I hud not seen before. He was a stout, squaro-built man, with red whiskers and a kald hcad, wh seemed to suffer intensely from the beat, for be carried his hat in bis band and pulled out a large blue handkerchief, no doubt to wipe the perspiration from his- brow,for it was a very sultry August day. . In taking out bis hnndkereblef he dropped a letter. I picked it up to give it to him, when sud denly I saw tbat the address was Inmymother's band-writing — my sainted mother's, who had been dead for more than fivo years. < " I stopped in surprise. I rubbed my eyes; but there it was, my dear mother's well- known writing, and the letter was ad- dressed : "'To tho Rev. Benjamin Crydeb, " 1 Stonebridge, " County ot Berkshire, "'England,' " That was I, " There was no postmark on it, and I did not know whether to open it or oak the red- whiskered -man for an explanation, when -I heard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me— ran, as it were, for dear life; for when I reached the station the train was gone, and so was the letter. I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I had found it, but in vain, and alter an hour's needless search, could do nothing but telegraph to London and resign myself to my fate, for It was the last train on Saturday night, and I thought I had lost my only ohance in life. " 'Thy will bo done,' I prayed that night, 'and if I am to remain a poor curate, let me 'thank Thee for Thy great mercy to hnve kept mo away from ths wickedness ot the groat city and its manifold temptations.' " When next day I went to church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishlonoro stared as if they had seen a ghost, and the Bexton rushed forward, grasping ms by both bands. " You alone saved, Mr. Crydsr?' " 1 Saved from what?' \ ' 1 From the railroad wreck.' " ' I don't know of any railroad wreok, Has there been an acoidonts ?" " ' Why, the train on whioh yon meant to go to London has been thrown down an em:, banhment, and nearly every passenger killed I' The ghost story tellers were speechlesB, and even tbo facetious youth did not dare to doubt the reverend narrator's truthfulness, " Bid you ever obtain a clue to that mys terious letter ? ' Mr. Oryder was asked. ' " Never. I regard it as an interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providence." " And how did it end ?" " I preaohed in London on tbo next Sun day and was -installed as rector of St. — Ohuroh a few weeks afterward. 