ENGLISH TELEGRAMS. LONDON, April 17. Sir John IJray, haB expressea great aBconian meht at the announcement that the South Aus tralian Government is about to take charge of the Agent-General's office in London. This ' feeling is shared in ADglo-Colonial circles in the metropolis. Sir John says that he received no notification o! the Government to supersede him. The House of Commons last night sanctioned beer and spirit duties to an amount calculated .to yield a revenue of £1,300,000. An examination haB proved that the freezing maohinery of the steamer Gothio, which left New Zealand on March 18, has been entirely ancoesafnl, and that the meat and butter arrived ia perfect condition. In the French Chamber of Deputies the Minister of Finance notified that the deficit of £5,000,000 would be met by railway economies and increased taxes on houses, domestio ser vants, and monastic property. . A cablegram from the British Consul at Asuncion confirms the intelligence as to the de parture of 110 persons form the New Australia 'settlement. The others, it is added, are. per fectly satisfied with their surroundings. . .Upwards of 250,000 miners, in the United States are going to strike for an increase of 20 percent, in their wages. Lord Playfair has notified the willingness of fibe Government to introduce a Bill to establish com^alBory meat marking. ? It is expected that Messrs. Hogan and Alfred Garrick will join the board of directors of the New Zealand ho an and Mercantile Agency Company. . The German Government are negotiating for a three per cent, loan of £8,000,000. .'' #priTi&. The Great Metropolitan Stakes,-of lS sbVs. each, with 500 so vs. added, waB run at Epsom to-day, and the horses came to the poat .in the following order:-Paddy, 1: Bushby,,:2; ' Medici, 8. ' ? , u Zn the House of Commons yesterday the. de bate on Sir George Trevelyan's motion to refer all bills relating to Scotland to a Grand Com mittee of Scottish members, and fifteen mem bers representing the rest of the United Kingdom, was continued. An amendment was moved by the Hon. A. J. Balfour, and rejected by a majority of thirty-three. Sir Campbell Bannerman, Secretary of State for War, stated that a similar committee wonld be conceded to Wales and Ireland. Sir John Lubbock haB brought forward a proposal to extend the system to England and Ireland. A strike of joiners has taken place in Vienna twelve thousand men having gone out in sup port of a demand for eight hours' limit to a day's work, and a minimum weekly wage of ten florins. Intelligence from BuesoB Ayres states that Admiral De Mello, leader of the Brazilian revolution, has with twelve hundred followers, surrendered to the Government of the Argen tine Republic. The efforts made by the police authorities to trace the movements of the anarchist Polti, since his arrival in England, have been re warded by the discovery of another bomb in,a workshop at Soath London. The bomb is somewhat similar to those previously found at A foundry. News received from Rio de Janeiro reports that a'terrible disaster haB ocourred in the har> bour-at Belen. A gunboat, the Eadibello, be longing to the fleet of President Peixoto, was lying at anohor, when from some unexplained cause, the powder became ignited, and a tre mendous explosion took place. Fifteen officers were killed outright, while many others were more or less seriously injured. The Csar has refused the request made by the triple alliance that he should oonvoke a European congress for the purpose of consider ing the question of a general disarmament by the Great Powers. The Queanalanders in London have enter tained Sir Thomas Macllwraith at a dinner, prior to his departure from England. In reply ing to the toast of his health, Sir Thomas stated that he thought if judiciously worked the Queensland mining industry would be tenfold increased in value in tbe next few y.earB, He also expressed the same belief in regard to tbe production of sugar. For tbe present he said the Government did not need to impose any additional taxation. Sir Thomas said that he feared no evil results from the eleotion of labor members, and that tbe oolonv did not desire to be out up into separate divisions. O^ing to HI health Sir George Grey has deolined the invitation of the Chamber of Commerce to attend a dinner whioh was to be given in his honor. Mr, Hall, an antiquarian, who purohased a property on which stood what were supposed to be the ruinB of Cumnor Palace, Berkshire, Which served as the prison of Amy Robsart, end which is supposed to be haunted by her ghost, appealed to the law courts to rescind the purchase owing to the disoovery that there is no historical ground for tbe asser tion that the ruins are those of Cumnor Palace. Mr. Hall has been non-suited. No fewer than eight candidates have been nominated for the Presidency of the French republio, whioh will become vacant in December next. Sir J. S. D. Thompson, Premier of Canada, upeaking in the House of Commons, said it was useless for the Opposition to open negotia tions with the United States with a view to reciprocity, the latter Power having deolined to ?conduct Buch negotiations except through Great Britain. The Queen, tbe Prince of Wales, and other Royal personages have arrived at Coburg to witness the wedding of the Grand Duke of Hesse and Princess Melita, daughter of the Duke of Sare-OohHrg, ?he S®j»e*or of The HOD. Robert Raid regrets the conclusion of the Pacifio mail contraot between the colonies and Messrs. Huddart, Parker & Co., believing that they could have obtained better terms. Mr. Lodge, in the Washington Senate, haB tabled a motion Jn favor of retaliating for the refusal of Qreat Britain to favor bimetallism by imposing duties on the goods of Great Britain and the Australian colonies, until Great Britain agreed to the coinage and use of Bilver. The Vossioshe Zeitvmg, a Berlin paper, in an article on Samoa, states itB opinion that the Australian colonies should be permitted to govern the islands, the present multiple control being condemned as a failure. It has transpired that the Emperor of Germany had a narrow eBoape from falling the vjctim of an Anarchist plot during bis recent visit to Venice. The police discovered that a plot had been concocted for exploding a bomb as the Kaiser passed along the street. Steps were taken to frustrate the outrage, which waB consequently prevented. A strong effort was made to keep the whole matter secret, but the facts leaked out, and the Emperor is now being congratulated on what appears to have been a very narrow escape. April 19, : A Bill to repeal the Irish Crimes Aot waB to-day carried by a majority of 60. In response to pressure by Scotch and Irish members the extra duty of 6d. per gallon on whisky will be limited to one year. The United States has unofficially intervened to obtain pardon for the Brazilian rebels. The rebel war vessel Aquidaban was tor pedoed and sank, a great number of those on board being drowned. Madame Joniaux, a Belgian lady moving in. high society, haB been apprehended on a charge of poisoning her uncle, brother, and sister to get the money for which their lives were insured. ; 