CORRESPONDENCE. BISHOP CHALMERS' ADDRESS, TO THE KDITOB OF THE ALBUBY BANNEB. SIB,—It is a pity that Bishop Chalmers in bis address at Goalbirn shows BO little of the apostolic spirit. If he is in the line of succession it ought to be seen la the beauty of his charity. The servant ought to bo ae his master. Tbe successors of the Apostles as the apostles. But we look in vain for tbe evidence of such a spirit iu that part of the bishop's address that refers to other communions. Fortunately, however, bis utterances are cot history, neither is Anglicanism a synonym for the Church of Caiist. The bishop should remember, whether he likes it or not, that ex cathedra utterance are of no avail againBt the exercise of private judgment. Criticism is now a recognised science. The authority of names is a thing of the past. But speakiDg about names reminds me that even Anglican bishops differ very widely among themselves as to the claims of epitcopacy. Bishop Perowne at the Church Congress in Birmingham the other day, was called a traitor for not believing in " the sin of schism." Dr. Phillips Brooks, Bishop of Mass&chun-tts;, lately deceased gives a different definition of the Church from that given at Goulburn, which Is reallv in tbe line of succession. The utterances of Dr. Phillips Brooks and those of Dr, Chalmers scarcely harmonise. Both cannot b« right, yet both are bishops. Either ot them, I fear, is guilty " of an undue exercise of private judgment." But before leaving the bishops I would ask Dr. Wm. Chalmers to settle the vexed question of succession with the Cardinal Archbiehop of Westminster. Cardinal Yaughan has spoken somewhat severely on the pretentiousness of prelacy. An ADgUcan bishop is with him only the mimicry of a bishop; bis orders as invalid as the orders of a Salvationist. I fear that the grace that is packed up in a bundle of lawn Bleeves, and the virtue that is hidden in an episcopal riDg are not condncive to the unity of the church. Cardinal Vanghan is crying, "Great Is Diana of the Ephesians," and Bishop Chalmers Is mimicking the same cry, and as of old with Demetrius and his craftsmen, there Is sure to be an uproar. The Apostle Paul at any rate was not of their craft. Writing to the CorinthianB, who were apparently divided on some such question as that between the Cardinal and the Bishop, be says, " For whereas there is among you jealousy and strife, are ye not carnal and walk after the manner of men 1 For when one sailh I am of Paul; and another I am of Apollos ; are ye not men ? what then is Apollos ? and what Is Paul? ministers through whom ye believed, and each as the Lord gave to him. I planted, Apollos watered ; but God gave the increase. So then neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that wateretb, but God that giveth the increase." But coming back to Bshop Chalmers and his address, let us write this passage, and read it in the light of history. Says the Bishop, " At the time of the reformation and since some persons formed themselves into denominations, and recognised as their ministers men not ordalDed by episcopal hands. The Church of England deemed this to be an undue exercise of private jadgment. It was therefore only right that ministers of these denominations when as has cfien been the case they desire to return to the unity of the church thattheymust enterat thedoor." Dr.Chalmers according to his own showing then Is hardly a Protestant, for if at the time of the reformation it could be said that the Cburch of Eagland deemed—note the past tense—the forming of certain personB into denominations, &c;, it would then appear that the bishop did not want his church to be classified as Protestant This is perhaps hardly worth noticing. Yet I think it is well to note tbe fact, as the High Church party, who are Romanists in almost everything but ia name, deny that they are Protestants. I don't mean to say that Bishop Chalmers is one of them, still that past tense is somewhat ominous. And now regarding the issue between the churches. We owe something to Dr. Chalmers for putting the matter so simply. It is really the difference of a word. By an undue exercise of private judgment certain denominations came to le. By the due fxerciie of private judgment I suppose tbe Church of Eagland also came to be. The difference you see is between undue and due. Now let us go to history for the facts ; let a* take up the story of the origin ot the Church of England and that of the origin of one ot those denominations that have come into existence, the Bishop says through an undue exercise of pri- vate j adgment. Take the case of the Church of England and contrast it with the Wesleyan Church, for instance, and let us see which has the greater claim to apostolicity 1 I shall take the Church of Eagland first. I am not, however, going into the history of the origin of the church in England but of the Church o/Eigland—a very d fferent' thing indeed. Let UB then pick up the thread of the history. Henry VIII, as everybody knows, wanted to get rid of his wife in order to marry Anne Buleyn. The Pope wanted to please Henry, but to please Henry would mean displeasing Charles of Spain. The Pope was at his wit's end, and played a trimming policy. Henry could stand delay no longer, he who had been dabbed by the Pope ; " defender of the faith," by a due exercise of private judgment at the blddiDg too, not of an ecclesiastic •—let tbe bishop ponder this—but of a crafty layman, ThomasCromwe l,disavowed tbe papal jurisdiction, apd deolared himself head of tbe ctraroh within his realm, and obtained a d(- fom from tbo eoclMlMtiwl courts of Mo ova making. I wonder if Bishop Chalmers would call that a due exercise of private judgment. Whether due or undue it led to schism, the " sin of echism," and so the Church of Eagland is a schism from the Church of Rome, and the occasion of her origin is the least creditable of all the schisms that have ever taken place. It B shop Chalmers would only remember this he would find the apostolic injunction, "to esteem others better than themselves," a wise oieto follow in thelightof his church's pedigree, B; way of contrast I 'hall now take up the case of tbe Wesleyan Church as typicil of one of those denominations whose ministers are not ordained by episcopal hands; denominations which are denied by the Bishop the title of church, because tbe Chuich of Eagland hasdremtd their existence to be due to an undue exercise of private jadgment. I won't go into detail. " Green's History of the Eaeiith People" m-y be consulted wi h profit. It furnishes us with an impartial ("ketch of the state of things before the rise of Methodism. " Never," says the historian, " had religion seemed at a lower ebb. . . . A large number of prelates were mere whig partisans with no higher aim than that of promotion. . . . The E lglish clergy of the day were the most lifeless In Europe, the most remiss of their labors in private, and the least severe in their lives." Bat a change was near. A noble band under Whitefield and the Wesley's revolted against tbe deadoees of the timeB. Bat the Church had no room for them. Selfdenial and enthusiastic devotion she would not tolerate. The religion of Christ, the religion of the apostles, the religion that set souls afire at the same altar as kindled the soul of Paul was not to be countenanced. Cburch pulpits were therefore closed against them. They were driven into the streets and fields to preach. Their converts were treated with harshness. They were denied admission to the Lord's Table. Much against his will Wesley was driven out of the church, all because of his zeal in the service of Christ, and so tbe Wesleyan Church came to be. I wonder that any student of truth, with a knowledge of these facts, and with any sense of fairness, could speak as Bishop Chalmers does. Were the Wesleys schismatics ? Let the church that cast them out answer. Which church In its origin then has the finer record 7 Which comes nearer the New Testament ideal 1 Which, looking into the face of God, can say, " It was all for Thy glory." I fear Bisbop Chalmers can hardly say that, for his church Is the great schismatic and the mother of schisms. She left the Church of Rome not for the sake of religious principle, but at the bidding of a wicked king to gain an ignoble end. The Wesleyan Church has a different record. She is In the line of apostolic succession ; she was bom of tbe Bpirlt of God. In all this, let it be clearly understood that I am not speaking of the Church of Eigland of today. No one haB a warmer appreciation of the work she is doing, and no one has more reason to thank God for some of the illustrious names that adorn her membership. Bat utterances like those of Dr. Chalmers, false historically, and unscriptural in spirit, are provocative of righteous indignation. They are a libel on Christianity. It is certainly not Christian to put forth such claims, and it Is certainly not apostolic to say that validity of orders depends on episcopal hands. Paul was not so f ivored. Ananias was neither an apostle nor a bishop, only a disciple (Acts, IX, 10) So that hie hands were not episcopal. Birnabas, Simeon, (Acta, xm, 1, 3), were only pro- phets and touchers, and yet with the sanction of the Holy Ghost they laid their unepiscopal hands on tbe apostle's head. I am sorry for Paul it Dr. Chalmers is right. But Bishop Chalmers' " episcopal hands " are as mythical as his three orders of deacon, priest, and bishop in the apostolic chuich. No scholar of any eminence holds that now. The late B shop Lighlfoot, than whom there is no greater in the ranks of the scholarship of today, has for ever settled the question against those who hold with the Bishop of Goulburn. I am sorry, Mr. Editor, to take op so much of your space, but I am sorrier still that I em forced in a sentence to dismiss the interesting question regarding the orders in the apostolic church. But there is really no need for discussion. The New Testament is admittedly against Dr. Chalmers ; it favors only two orders—deacons and presbyters or bishops. We can therefore afford with such authority oa our side to let the Bishop wear his lawn sleeves. It is a question for the milliner, and therefore need not trouble theChristianChuich. —I am, &c;, SCRIPTURAL EPISCOPUS. 